“Upon my word, you keep digging that hole of yours!” Robinson snapped. “You have no idea who I am! You’ve crossed the wrong man too many times! It’s a disgrace, I tell you, and your superiors
“Though I have yet to meet the housekeeper, I can say soundly that Ms. Tarlton has fine vision, and does not fit our profile.” I could not help but notice that this was neither a confirmation or denial of Hopkins’s assessment, and I found myself again wondering at the possible suspicion Holmes could have regarding the grieving maid. But, it was often the case that Holmes would hoard his theories until the moment of revelation, and I consigned myself to the possibility I would not know until the murderer herself was in police cuffs.
“Kindly pick that up for me, my dear.” Anna Coram took my gun in hand with an uncomfortable familiarity, pulling back the hammer with ease. I never left Baker Street without a full six rounds loaded in the thing, and now, I regretted my fastidiousness.
“Ahh,” I managed. “My doing, that you did not receive it.” I shifted where I stood, mildly embarrassed but unapologetic. “I had all the post gathered by Mrs. Hudson to be read at a later date.”
My stomach clenches at the idea. "I have no intention of disturbing you with my...mental frailty in the dead of night, Holmes."
"Ever sporting of you, Mr. Farrow," said Holmes, with a winning, curled grin that I found to be perfectly underhanded.
“I don’t possess all the pieces,” he admitted, with uncommon modesty. “I suppose I could have interrogated the couple in their cells for the details, but I had somewhere more important to be.” My chest lurched with affection at the reminder he'd deemed my welfare more important than satisfaction with a case.
Holmes’s eyes trail down my body and even though I no longer need to hide it, I withhold a shiver under their attention.
“Only of you, my good sir,” Holmes hedged. “We are with the police. I am leading the investigation of the disappearing train. It would help if you could answer my questions.”
A part of me hoped that Holmes had long since identified and dismissed my affliction for him as irrelevant to our partnership. Another part, one much less logical and far more wary, feared instead the moment when Holmes would recognize the longing in me and pull away.
Feeling rather adrift without Holmes at my elbow, and irritated with myself because of it, I gestured for Johann to pour me another glass of cab. I did my best not to interpret the knowing look on Johann’s face as I moodily slid my fingers around the stem. For several minutes I sat and sipped, and soon applause went up and the singer June went into a bow; even my mood was not immune to their talent, and I clapped my hands together with the crowd too. As the noise died down and the band cued up for another set, a sudden voice echoed at my shoulder.
Holmes lit his gifted cigarette and in the orange flare that bloomed in that shadowy room, I saw his grey eyes darting all around, undoubtedly absorbing data at a rate I could scarcely fathom.
“Mr. Larssen,” the man said, eyes like obsidian below the brim of his cap. “We are so pleased with your decision to work with us. I’m sure your...friend will be relieved to hear it.”
“Shared the correct wall. I do hope you trust in me to identify false books when I see them, Watson.”
find, Mr. Ables. You’ll make a detective yet.” Fred beamed, pink with pleasure at the compliment. “We will require those letters posthaste, it is possible they are of supreme importance. But until then, Watson—”
Professor Coram’s mouth gaped open. With some agitation, he extracted his tin of cigarettes from his blanket. “Truly?” he cried, and though his mouth stretched in a smile his pallor was draining to a shocking, cadaverous white. “Well! Well, that is wonderful, Mr. Holmes. Pray, have you solved this mystery?”
“Ah. The primary witness,” Holmes said, inclining his head in greeting. It was only through our years of acquaintanceship that I recognized the weariness that moved across his face at the girl’s reaction. “Good afternoon, Ms. Tarlton, I am Sherlock Holmes, and this is my partner, Dr. John Watson. We are here at the invitation of good Inspector Hopkins.”
“All that is left unknown is…romantic and physical intimacy. Judging from your behavior a few moments ago, and your new…feelings, I can only assume you have interest for this with—with me?” In the last moment, I stammered with sudden nerves.
“Speak for yourself, I’ll have another.” Thomas pointed a finger at me. “And so will you, if I have my way about it. You’ve finally come out, and if I don’t see you have a good time of it you might never show your face again! It’s just good form to show your friend here a corker too, mission for a lost "certain somebody" accomplished or not!”
Immediately, Hopkins stepped forward and took her by the arm, reciting the prerequisite words of arrest and options for solicitation. With unexpected ferocity, she shook off his grip and tore something from a sewn pocket in her gown, lifting it to her face.
I tilted my head towards Holmes. “I wonder if you’ve ever had the opportunity to see one like this."
“With pleasure, my darling,” she replied, and I soon found the muzzle of my own revolver buried into my side. “Behave,
“Sleep well, Watson,” he said quietly. And then he was gone, leaving me alone with exhaustion in my bones.
“So we were not deterred from our holiday, no doubt,” Holmes said, eyebrow raised.  He inclined a head to the mantle, where his letter opener lay bereft of any speared post. “You have recruited our landlady into your scheming. How underhanded, doctor.”
Gang trouble. Not unheard of, considering Johann's line of business. Often, it was a choice between them and corrupt Yarders when it came to keeping the doors open and clients unhassled. “Whatever for?”
“We must see if we can find him this evening, Watson,” Holmes said. “If anyone would possess knowledge outside of his younger brother and fellow employees about Peter Ables’s whereabouts, it would be he.”
Wiggins tipped his tweed cap, grinning. “You’ve a deal, Mr. ‘Olmes!" For a moment, the boy's irrepressible mirth faded. "Freddie thinks the world of his brother. He’s a good one, as far as brothers go. I hope you can dig ‘im out of whatever trouble he’s wound up in.”
“If you had died in my arms upon that bank, if he’d succeeded, I would have finished the job,” he whispered. “I would have sent him to Hell for it, Watson.”
Hopkins carefully set down his tea, looking somewhat uncertain. “I must ask you first, Mr. Holmes, to glance at this rough plan, which will give you a general idea of the position of the Professor’s study and the various points of the case.” He unfolded a rough chart pulled from his jacket pocket, and laid it with some awkwardness across Holmes’s knee. I slowly stood and moved behind Holmes’s study to witness it myself as my friend smoothed it across the surface of his lower thigh. It was a rudimentary drawing, sketching the estate from a bird’s eye view to give an image of the manor, its path to the road, the walled perimeter around the property, and the modest servant’s cottage. Near the rear of the rectangle labeled ‘manor’, there was a hinge representing a door, and on the west-facing side of the house was a small x, labelled ‘Smith window’.
I glared daggers at him, self-preservation restraining my growing outrage. I climbed stiffly into the carriage, pained to leave the constable where he lay.
“For God’s sake, Sherlock. What the devil are you dragging about, an entire wardrobe? It’s Staffordshire, not the blasted frontier.”
“Undoubtedly,” I said, smiling crookedly. “But that is what you always say, and your abilities never fail to impress.”
Choking on a gasp, the man crumpled like a sack of bricks, and the other backed away, crooked teeth bared in a hiss. I felt my face twist into a snarl of my own as I danced back, arm lifted to block a blow as he swung his stick down upon me with savage speed. His rage was no match to my fever, however. As he brought his weight down in a second blow I twisted at the parry, pivoting close enough to curl a wrist and drive the base end of my stick into his left knee. He roared out a curse, stumbling backwards, and I readjusted my grip, sliding my hands down the wood until I was holding it like a cricket bat, the metal grip glinting in the light.
Inhaling sharply, I lifted my wrists. Holmes, for a moment, dragged his glare from Coram to meet my gaze. The emotion I witnessed in that glance briefly caused my lungs to malfunction. Behind the outrage, his eyes were filled with what I could only call fear. Not for himself, but for me. It was unbearable.
“My sleep was…disturbed some hours ago,” I say, reluctantly, lips pressing together. I am not in the practice of admitting such weakness to others, but Holmes is no longer only a friend—if he had ever been merely that. “I did not wish to wake you for something so simple as a nightmare, so I sat in bed to write until morning.”
Often Holmes has teased, needled, and questioned my decision to put our adventures to paper, but never once in our partnership has he asked me to cease my writings. Only, wisely, has he requested I censor or withhold sensitive information from the public should the spotlight cause harm to innocent parties. He has offered no lack of
“You are welcome in my room whenever you want, Holmes." Since my return home, our relationship has been a series of learning and renegotiating boundaries. For Holmes, it is a course of education: traditional romance holds no interest for him, and acts of physical intimacy have proven equal parts discovery and mutual curiosity.
We moved arm in arm through the entry parlor and out into the crisp October evening, and soon every inch of me was chilled in the night breeze—every inch, but for where Holmes’s arm entwined with mine. Leaving the Circle’s front door and strolling down the busy street like so many others—my blood hot with liquor, embarrassment, and something deeper and altogether more unwise—I could not help but wonder what it would be like to do so in earnest. To walk down the street with Holmes at my arm, openly, not as friends but as something more. A vice squeezed tightly around my chest at the memory of Holmes’s low voice, his proprietary touch at the small of my back. I did my best not to stare at him in the corner of my eye as we looked for a hansom, still transfixed by the way powder and color emphasized and defined his noble features.
“A wholly practical assortment, I thought. And the trunk is quite handsome, wouldn’t you say? I came by it through a very interesting shop in Westminster—”
Eventually, Johann and Peter broke apart to breathe, and they turned to us with matching pairs of tearful eyes.
The man’s face brightened at the implication that his complaints were finally being given credence. “Aye, sure.” His nostrils crinkled with distaste. “Hard to miss, they were. Foreigners. Spanish-looking toffs.” He leaned forward with a conspiratory air, eyes hard. “You know the type. The ones with snake eyes.”
"Johann," I hissed. I gestured behind me, towards the tailor's bench behind us. His eyes widened in realization, and as one we crept backwards towards cover.
The Fred in question was, to my surprise, much younger than any of the children I had met from Wiggins’s outfit. At a glance, he looked hardly six or seven years old if my experience as a physician told me any better, though it was impossible to say with certainty considering how short and thin the child was. While all the Irregulars were waifish to the point of concern, the young lad in front of us now could hardly have weighed more than two and half stone. Curly brown hair was lopped in thickets around tiny pink ears, and moth-bitten clothes hung oddly from his frame, his trousers and shirt-cuffs rolled at the sleeves as though meant for a child much taller.
War drums pounding in my ears, I froze there, stalled above him as I stared at his slack face and the blood on my battered knuckles. The moment soon snapped like a broken cord, and my heart jolted in my ribcage.
“I will be on my best behavior, Professor. Thank you for your time. I hope to return to you with promising news.” My friend bowed his head in goodbye, and with the Inspector, we swiftly departed the room.
“If you were to search all England,” said Hopkins, taking the cup with a grateful nod. “I don’t suppose you could find a household more self-contained or free from outside influences. Whole weeks would pass and not one of them would leave the estate. The Professor is buried in his work, it seems, and exists for nothing else. Young Smith knew nobody in the neighborhood, and lived very much as his employer did in his guest rooms. The two women had nothing to take them from the house. Mortimer the gardener, who wheels the bath-chair, he’s an Army pensioner—an old Crimean man of excellent character. He does not live in the house, but in a small cottage behind the manor, which he boards with Mrs. Marker. Those are the only people that you would find within the grounds of Yoxley Old Place. At the same time, the gate of the garden is only a hundred yards from the main road to town. It opens with a latch always left unchained, and there is nothing preventing anyone from walking in.”
"Watson," he said, suddenly, and in such a voice that it stopped me in my tracks. I turned, blinking, and saw that my friend was wearing an expression I could only call stricken.
Holmes swallowed. "Quite," he said. "But I was under the impression..." He looked briefly embarrassed, and I found it terribly endearing. "In the spare times I have caught view of couples exchanging such things in public, there seemed to be much more...interchange, involved."
A moment of silence, and the proud slope of my friend’s shoulders tented as his head bent. But his back did not turn. His chin twisted only enough to speak, a chiaroscuro profile in low gas light.
“Coram,” he said. His voice was polished obsidian, reflecting nothing. "If you intend to escape from Kent with your wife alive, you will need an able-bodied hostage. The doctor’s leg is a liability you cannot afford.”
“First of all, I scolded the ticket inspector. He asked the passengers to leave the train, and it wasn’t his right to do so even if he believed the tickets weren’t valid. And he was incredibly rude to them, it should be him taking the fury from these customers for his behavior!”
My gaze fell immediately to his mouth. It was slightly thin, in complement to all his fine features, and his lips were of such comely natural pink that I had often agonized over them in my lonelier hours. No one on earth knew the feeling of those lips upon theirs. The idea that this could change, that it could change
From the cottage, we saw the door swing open and reveal an elderly maid with long, white hair piled upon her head in an intricate, if messy, bun. “Ah, here is the good Mrs. Marker. Let us enjoy five minutes of instructive conversation with her, yes? I have a few…
“Where is he?” Johann demanded, through gritted teeth. His fear was convincing, but his anger was sincere. Johann’s great hands were clenched at his sides into fists that shook.
“Erhm, very good,” Holmes said, and with amusement I saw that his smile had strained somewhat at the corners beneath Fred’s ebullience.
attention even if they did not, in fact, stimulate my good friend, but a great deal more of them were dull, vague, or enthusiastic in a most off-putting way. I, for one, had ceased to find flirtatious or overzealous letters addressed to Holmes amusing; the man himself had declared his intent to burn the next letter to reach him soaked in lady’s perfume, and I was inclined to concur—if not to spare Holmes’s sensitive olfactory senses, then at least to divert my own discomfort with such advances.
I had never been able to refuse him anything. I could hardly begin now, when it was him I wanted against all wisdom.
“Whatever became of them?” I asked aloud, shaking my head. “The men in the compartment. To just disappear, along with an entire train…it’s unbelievable, Holmes.”
“H-Holmes,” he rasped, voice tattered, and the sound of his voice saying my name was more beautiful than any of Beethoven's symphonies. I hushed him with a new and fragile gentleness, my hands moving to grasp his and keep the both of us whole.
“I’m afraid I cannot say, sir.” With sudden resolve, the young man crossed his arms. “I already wrote to higher management on the matter about the incident, and my reports are confidential.”
“How tedious for you,” Holmes deadpanned. “Station Master Bertram from Bridlington showed us a strange telegram that he received from you last night, sir. It concerned the missing train, but it was barely comprehensible.”
“Indeed,” said Holmes, grim. “But I do fear that even if Johann should comply...Peter will not be returned.”
The question touched some deep part of me with its artlessness. Holmes asked it like he genuinely had no notion why I could ever harbor such feelings. Was it truly so unknown to him, his own allure? Or did he not understand how I could be brought to see it?
“You’re incorrigible,” I said, laughing. Beside me, Holmes’s mouth was twisted with amusement. “Why do they continue to allow you in here?”
Holmes’s jaw was clenched, the skin of his face bloodless. Rigidly, he stepped forward, eyes fixed upon Coram with what could only be anger. It was a rare thing, to see such an emotion in Holmes’s eyes, but after all these years as his friend, I recognized it there. The automaton of my stories, the unfeeling machine, has always been a lie, and no one knew it better than myself.
Fred looked up, his eyes shining with admiration, and nodded. He released Holmes’s leg and scuttled back to Wiggins’s side, who was watching with a rather smug look on his face. Holmes quirked an eyebrow, and Wiggins gave another, jauntier salute.
“Damn my nerves,” he said bitterly, closing his eyes and lifting a hand to knead his brow. “I should have known better to indulge in drink. I’ve made a mess of things, more than I might have free of its influence. I’ve been so foolish, Watson. Careless.” Glacially, Holmes moved to the back of his study chair, hands resting on its upholstered frame as he turned away to stare into the fireplace. A short silence fell as Holmes stared unblinking into flames, his face caught in flickering orange light, and I watched him, waiting, unable to move or speak.
Holmes raised a finger and thumb and Johann nodded to us, finishing up with another customer and eventually drifting our direction.
I heard the telltale clicking of a lock and the double-thump of a briefcase’s latches swinging open, and in the corner of my eye saw Holmes’s shadowy figure stooped over an open, metal-plated travel bag. A quick rifling of papers, and I heard a low, devilish chuckle issue from behind me.
Holmes’s grunt of assent was quieter and distracted enough to draw me from my own last-minute packing on my desk. Snapping my medical bag shut, I migrated towards Holmes’s room. Half-expecting to find the man with a blanket-rope fastened to the bedpost and one leg out the window, I blinked in surprise at the sight of him squatting behind what appeared to be the largest French-door trunk I had ever seen.
“Positive reinforcement,” he echoed. “I thought I was already quite vocal about your many virtues, Watson. You are most certainly outspoken about mine. Is romance reinforced by redundancy, or merely praising that which is obvious?”
“Yes, Mr. Holmes, it is as you say sir, he does smoke something terrible! All day and sometimes all night, sir, you’d thought it was a London fog on some days. Thank you for alerting me to the state of the Professor’s rooms, it does the man no good to live in conditions, with his health as it is.”
Even knowing better, the concept alarmed me. "Heaven’s sakes, Holmes, you've a black eye and two broken ribs.”
“A man of his age and station, it is perfectly natural that he should have married, and yet I saw no wedding band on his finger,” my friend offered casually. “But I did notice, madam, underneath the stench of the good Professor’s tobacco the unmistakable scent of civet. A glandular secretion of the
"It's the Yard!" he cried, and every gang man went white as a sheet. "I just heard, they're raiding every quarter from here to the Strand! I saw them on Nile Street—"
“Inspector, Mr. Holmes,” Coram said. “Pray, step back in my wife’s bedroom. I’m sure you’ll find it most accommodating.”
“Willoughby Smith had excellent sight,” he added. “There can be no question that this was snatched from the assassin.”
“You cannot know,” I said, the words issuing through my teeth. “You cannot know what was like, to come upon—to see you lying there bleeding—those—those
“You were correct when you said it was not jewelry, or a bracelet. But it is meant to be worn.” I lifted a hand to my left breast, over my pounding heart. “It is meant to be displayed in the front pocket.”
We left the station, and my arm had already lifted to summon a cab when Holmes grabbed me by the sleeve and carefully drew it down.
she said, through her teeth, but in that moment where she looked to her husband, Holmes lunged forward. He struck out his arm, quick as lightning, and she gave an outraged cry as the phial went flying through the air. In the next moment, Hopkins seized her properly by the arms, and she howled in indignation.
worked the hours that Fred had first put forward to us. In actuality, he had been scheduled for early morning to late afternoon shifts for the past two months, and his evenings were free. Something had prevented Peter from coming home every night, and Holmes and I had our suspicions it was the Circle, and moreover, the man’s new lover.
I shook my head. “Never mind me, what would you do? If you had found me in such a way, and knew the man responsible?”
The quip was pitiful, as far as even my humor went, but I had no intention of lingering any longer in what so nearly had become a colossal, unprecedented misstep with my dearest and closest friend. Making to retreat, I spun on a dizzy heel and began to make for the stairs before the embarrassment in my veins caused me to catch fire.
“What does it mean, gentlemen, for an intruder to enter through one assured entrance and to forcibly, and quite
“What I want from you can no longer, by any definition, be labelled platonic. It is beyond the Greek. If my imbecilic attempt to seduce you has told you no better, here it is plainly. For however little I understand its implications, I desire you. Against every scrap of logic and sense, against my
Holmes hummed, eyes glimmering as he set about pouring two cups of Earl Grey's mixture. "Mm, the former, I should say. Note the fading scent of barley sugars and faint stickiness along the letter’s creases."
From the look of its façade, the Circle looked like your typical hole-in-the-wall, bookended by two more of its kind on a street of low-rent bars, molly houses, and brothels that barked and hollered into the night, spilling rowdily over into the London air with sounds of mirth and ruckus like so much broken bottle glass. The inside was not particularly special, to the casual viewer: there were no windows, the wallpaper was dark, and aside from the well-lit, creaky wooden stage for performances the entire place was lit with the scantiest of candlelight, lending the place the perfect, anonymous
"There is only one way to find out,” he said, and his eager expression made him look years younger. “Come, Watson. I believe we shall find all the pieces we need right here, and then we can perform a little...experiment on the tracks, to test my theory.”
Holmes's mouth twitches. “The case is well in the hands of the Yard,” he says primly. A beat, and he looks up at me through his eyelashes. “But however illogical it may be, I am always concerned about your welfare, Watson.”
“No clues,” I repeated, coming close to his side to whisper in confidence. “...And you are smiling.”
My barbed silence taken as agreement, Holmes's proud shoulders slumped. "Watson. When I said I was curious, I meant it. But not in the way you accuse me of. Heaven forbid I ever again fall so low in your eyes."
“I respectfully disagree,” Mycroft said pointedly, leaning heavily on his walking stick. “I would not have come all the way from Diogenes to interrupt your holiday plans if I was not certain your skills would prove imperative to the solving of this problem.”
I am no poet. My abilities extend to prose and little more. But there, lurking by the Professor’s door, eyes glittering with the fire of the hunt, I thought—not for the first time—that Holmes looked immortal. A raven-haired Orion, lethal and calculating, stunning and mythic and the most cocksure creature on this earth. I would do anything he asked and follow him anywhere he went, and so I nodded, like I always did, the mortal enchanted by the demigod.
He merely looked at me, silvered eyes stirred with a feeling I could not name. I felt something in my chest quiver in the silence that stretched between us.
"Flirtatious?" I finished, stunned. Holmes paled, and his silence was my answer. "I...I don't understand."
“My dear Watson," Holmes whispered. My heart clenched at the fond term, which I had believed moments ago lost to my ears. "I would get down on my knees, to atone for the pain I have just caused you. On the heels of my failure to protect you I have harmed you more deeply and more callously than Nicholas Coram ever could. I am ashamed of my stupidity, and my willingness to harm someone so dear to me under false pretenses.”
He swallowed again, and the reflection from the fireplace danced warm light across deep, uncharacteristic uncertainty.
“Holmes,” I gasped, kneeling beside him. He did not respond, and I desperately scanned his body for injuries. A welt was blooming below one of his high cheekbones, and the blood smeared across his face came from his mouth, crimson dripping from his pink lips down the column of his neck to pool in the street. My heart stuttered in fear at the prospect of internal bleeding, and my fingers frantically sought the pulse point in his neck. I released another gasp of relief to find it slow but steady, and I held my own breath as I listened for Holmes’s breath sounds. They seemed to rasp in the channel of his throat as air left through his nose, but did not seem labored enough that I would be forced to aid him.
“The more pieces we discover, the larger the puzzle becomes,” said he, visibly relishing the point. “We must learn all we can about this evacuation of the train, Watson. The station master might be able to shed some light on the matter, wouldn’t you say?”
“You assisted after the fact,” stated Holmes. “You had no knowledge of the plan to kill young Willoughby Smith.”
There was a clatter and a bang as his bedroom door swung open. “What is it, Watson?” said Holmes, charging in, and privately I felt a petty sort of relief that even when he could not abide my presence, he would still come running when I called.
“With ample minutes to spare,” Holmes says, and the faint breathlessness I hear in his voice is a quality to covet.
“Well, there can be no doubt the killer exited through the window,” I said. “The hole is certainly large enough for a woman to climb through.”
“Our first witness, the maid Susan Tarlton, is the only person who can say anything positive about the matter. She reports that the act occurred late in the evening, near midnight. She was engaged until half past eleven, preparing for bed in her room upstairs. The Professor had long since turned in, as he frequently sleeps away the chronic pain spurred by poor weather, and the house, as she claims, was empty at the time, save for the victim. Willoughby Smith had been in his guest room—which doubled as his study in the day—when last she saw him. The maid heard him in his room on her way to her own quarters that night during her last circle of duty, while ensuring the windows and doors to be locked. She did not lay eyes upon him directly, and claims she could be mistaken in her identification of his quick, firm tread behind his door. Not a few minutes after settling into bed, she heard a dreadful cry echo up from Mr. Smith’s room below her. She described the scream as dreadful, but so hoarse and strange it could not be distinguished from that of a man or a woman. She states it petrified her, and that she waited a minute or so in bed, uncertain if she had not in fact imagined the sound in the din from the storm outside. However, before she made a decision, she heard a terrible crash that shook the whole house—the sound of shattering glass."
“I’ll sleep later. You’ll tell me now.” I lifted an eyebrow. “Unless you’d like to go home and rest yourself, then I suppose I’d be amenable.”
“Watson, you might have to fetch this fellow some water. Heaven knows what dehydration could do to a brain as needy as this one.” I rolled my eyes and Holmes sighed. “Passengers, on the nine o’clock train last night. Did any deboard in your station?”
“My friend could give the entire world a run for its money in stubbornness,” I said. My eyes flickered to the road ahead, and I saw we were approaching a stone bridge at the end of a curve, bracketed by thickets of trees. Past that, I remembered there was only hewn clearing before we reached the city limits, where I would have nowhere to hide and nowhere to run, and once in Chatham and on the train, my fate would be sealed.
Slowly, Holmes reaches across the space between us. His slim fingers find my other hand, and I close my eyes. Unconsciously, my free hand had crept up to my neck, brushing yellow bruises that had finally begun to fade to the normal color of health. Gently, his touch replaces mine, sending goosebumps down my spine as he traces the column of my neck down to the line of my collarbone.
“Good God,” said Mr. Robinson, all but snatching the paper from Holmes’s hands. “The policy—where did you find this? It shouldn’t have left my pocket!”
“Likewise, Doctor Watson,” Lestrade said, with a tight, proud smirk. “We’ve had quite the productive morning, haven’t we?”
“Except for myself, of course,” said Holmes, with a mildly bitter smile. I felt myself frown, and thought to ask him later properly what burdened his mind this morning, other than an Etruscan palimpsest. “Well, let us hear about it, Hopkins. What sort of job did you make of it?”
I met his gaze, swallowing hard, and prayed that the sudden concern I found within it would not soon be replaced with hostility. I knew my place in Holmes’s affection was an outlier. This secret could prove to be the hammer on the coffin nail of our partnership, the impetus to send me from his side permanently.
“Of course you did,” Holmes said, smiling benignly. “Meanwhile, have you anything more to tell us about the case?”
Holmes clasped a gloved hand on my shoulder, a faint smile unwinding across his face. “You are a master negotiator, doctor. I concede to your terms, on the account that you keep watch.”
Entering the club had been as easy as a hello to the doorman and a cool introduction of my good friend, “William Vernet”. (I was lucky Holmes had chosen so easy an alias to remember.) Holmes said barely a thing, smiling with full charm as his name was added to the ledger and a circlet was given to him to wear, and just like that, we were ushered inside.
“I still don’t think we should—why is our evening booked as well? Don’t tell me we’ve another meeting?”
That was answer enough. Holmes leaned forward, eyes glittering like a hunter’s upon glimpsing sign of weakness. “Let me speak frankly, Mr. Bertram,” said he, voice as smooth and cool as a winter brook. “Your age, and your lack of confidence in your position, are both quite apparent. You cannot deny that you have only recently completed your studies. Your instruction booklet is still in your front pocket.”
The jagged stone in my throat had returned, and I struggled to dispel the mist which had sprung into my eyes.
A perfectly assembled handcar. Completed with parts we’d found already primed for the purpose in the repair room, and fitted out with a massive light and whistle. I could barely believe I’d been fooled by it, even on so foggy a night as last night had been.
A simple explanation, then. But it summoned another question, this one from me and stemming from a physician's frame of mind.
I reached for him only to stare as he returned fire with a weapon I didn’t realize he’d possessed. With crack aim, his shot met his mark and sent a Threadcap man crumpling to the floorboards, clutching his chest.
“Surely my deductions are simplicity itself,” Holmes said. His tone was as close as it ever deigned to modesty, but his expression was cocksure and luminous at my praise. “It would be difficult to name any articles which afford a finer field for inference than a pair of glasses—especially so remarkable a pair as these. That they belong to a woman I infer from their delicacy and style, and also, of course, from the last words of the dying man. As to her being a person of refinement and well-dressed, they are, as you perceive, handsomely mounted in solid gold, and it was inconceivable that a woman who wore such glasses could be poor in other respects.  You will find that the clips are too wide for your nose, as they were for mine, indicating a particularly broad base. Typically, such a nose is usually short and coarse, and while there are exceptions to this, I am fairly confident. My own face is a narrow one, and yet I find I cannot get my eyes into, or near, the center of these glasses. Therefore, the lady’s eyes are set very near to the sides of her nose. You will perceive, Watson, that the glasses are concave and of unusual strength. A lady whose vision has been so extremely contracted all her life is sure to have the physical characteristics of such vision, which are seen in the forehead, the eyelids, and the shoulders.”
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson,” Holmes said, perfunctory and unmoving from his fixed point on his study. I echoed the sentiment gratefully over my tinderbox. She nodded and left us, and after producing flame and rubbing my hands together, I made way towards our dining table eager to wrap my hands around a warm cup.
Expression blank, Holmes handed them off to me without speaking, and I squinted at the first sheet. The letters were a jumble, each line an incomprehensible mess. Employing the more basic methods from Holmes’s manuscript on ciphers—ones I’d absorbed before falling asleep before the halfway mark—I checked the first letter of every word and the first letter of every line. No pattern emerged that I could see. The papers were wrinkled, but they weren’t folded or creased in any deliberate way, so it was unlikely that I needed to bend them to reveal any hidden truth.
“My brother exaggerates,” Holmes interjected. “No acts have been carried out. Only threats. And I assure you, the government Mycroft represents receives no shortage of those.”
“Is precisely one of the reasons why I love you so,” Holmes said. I swallowed my words as he tilted his head, pressing a kiss against my calloused palm. Something within me trembled at the sentiment, like the foundation of some edifice cracking under strain, and I sighed heavily enough to collapse.
“One never knows what insights could be inspired by the countryside,” Holmes replied placidly, a canny light flickering in his eyes, and I looked heavenwards for patience.
My heart thudded with old grief at the sound of her name. "With all that I am," I said thickly. "But before her, I loved men and women both. And after her...I loved you."
“That will be Wiggins. I signaled for him when we stepped out of the cab.” Holmes looked acutely regretful. “I must give him his instructions.”
Fury launched me from the horse down the bank. My blood boiled as I dove for the professor's waist, hell-bent to rip him away from Watson and beat the very life from him. Coram, disadvantaged by his age and my surprise attack, crumpled beneath my assault, and the two of us splashed down into the icy stream. The water was like white fire, lancing shock deep into my bones, but the heat of my anger preserved my focus as I reared up and brought a furious blow upon the man’s cranium.
“Trust me, Watson,” Holmes said. “It will hardly be my first time speaking to people of such persuasion with tact, and I do mean excluding you.”
“I’m happy to satisfy their curiosity,” Holmes purred, and I resisted the impulse to pinch the bridge of my nose as he slipped by and followed Thomas away. Discomfort and a quieter, more untoward feeling slithered in my stomach as he slipped out of sight, bedroom eyes tracing his shoulders as he went.
Hopkins looked disappointed. “So we are dealing with a stranger after all,” he said tiredly. “An outside party, who could be anywhere from here to Cardiff by now.”
The twinging in my leg in the cold dragged me from my maudlin over the morning’s Everest of new post. Behind me, Holmes made a distracted noise.
“East End, sir. Old Nichol.” I pressed my lips together. One of the poorer areas in a particularly impoverished neighborhood. I knew as well as any Londoner the state of the East End, but the idea of children like Fred living in such squalor was a grim thing: a reminder, of the desperate state of living for so many of English citizens.
I relished the sound of his screams for the single second it took me to spin around, and my heart plummeted in horror.
—good gracious! I—of course, please, gentlemen. Join me in my office.” At that he scarpered off to unlock and open the door, beckoning us in. The office was clean and orderly, and up close, I could see that the man was as put together as any fresh uniform I had seen. His dress clothes were spotless and pristine, and I thought he looked barely older than a university lad, let alone senior enough to run an entire train station himself.
“You recognized that ring,” Holmes said. It was not a question. His eyes seemed to dig their way into my very soul. “It means something to you.”
The constable that had met us at the front gate had spotted us in his position up on the driver’s seat of the carriage, and I had barely opened my mouth to shout a warning when, in an instant, a gunshot exploded from behind me. The constable jerked in his seat and slumped, falling from the cab to the earth with a heavy and awful thump. My ears rang as the carriage horses shrieked and whinnied in alarm.
I tilted him, struck his back again hard, twice, and moved him back to give him more breaths. I would give him my oxygen, I would give him anything, my life, my soul, there was nothing I would not give to have him breathe
“I was almost too late,” he said, voice raw. Agony split across his face, cutting me in a scimitar’s blow. “He had you beneath the water.”
“And because I love you,” I whispered. “More than anyone, I cannot be yours in this way until I trust you will tell me the truth, when your boundaries are overstepped. I must trust that you are not concealing your true feelings to spare mine.”
“You may see for yourself, Watson,” said Holmes, and gave me one of his rare, sincere grins, born of the thrill of the chase. My heart hammered at the sight of it, as it always did, true as the Westminster Chimes.
The woman began worrying her wrinkled hands, upset. “Ohh, no. No, I’m afraid the young lad was as good-natured and hard-working as ever. He was—he was a good lad. A shame what happened. A shame, sir.” Her voice went thick once more with emotion, her dusty blue eyes shining with unshed tears. “…T’weren’t right, what happened to him. That anyone could hurt such a young man, it is, oh, it is an awful thing.”
The edge of his thin mouth twitched. “It was elementary, Watson. Simplicity itself, after the pieces made themselves known to me. Once I point them out, you’ll see it was no large deductive leap.”
“I managed to convince them of my earnestness, conceding my genuine interest to learn the manner and tools of their trade. They were pleasantly surprised. As they applied powder to my face, they told me all they knew of Peter Ables. Or as they know him, Petrice.”
“Have—have you been a member here very long?” I asked, my happiness wilting somewhat as I endeavored to at least make some headway that Holmes wouldn’t find useless.
At the tail end of his question, an odd thread had unspooled in my friend’s voice; it sounded, for a single moment, as if he were asking the question without total confidence of its answer. The idea I would not join him was strange enough that I experienced a moment of concern—what shadows had this morning’s mood cast over my friend?—and so, as I often did when faced with a somber Holmes, I resorted to good humor.
“Your clothes, young sir, are certainly second-hand, previously owned by another who was at some point your age—but they are not old enough to have been once owned by a parent, or new enough to have been recently bought used, in their state. Siblings are the most common source for clothing that’s passed down.” Holmes lifted a dark eyebrow. “As to his being responsible for you, I find it highly unlikely that a parent would allow their child to seek the services of a private detective alone, if they were aware their child was missing.”
“Has your brother been acting oddly recently? Did he seem upset, angry, or worried when last you saw him?”
“Of course, my dear fellow,” said Holmes, genial. He lifted his glass to his mouth, taking a measured draught. “My conversation with the ladies backstage was particularly stimulating. I observed several informative aspects about the process and steps required to prepare for a stage like the Circle’s, and a great deal many techniques that I can apply to my work. I have always wanted the option to move in disguise as a woman, Watson, it would be an indispensable skill in my repertoire.” Holmes took another drink. “They were somewhat reluctant to share any information with me at the first. They’d only invited me back to inspect me, I believe.” He chuckled. “They were well acquainted with Peter Ables, Watson, and were concerned on his behalf that a stranger was inquiring about him.” Holmes’s smile broadened. “And claiming to be a former flame.”
“Bollocks to that,” I harrumphed, and he threw back his noble head to laugh, caught surprised by my poor language. I would utilize every curse in my repertoire if it kept him in good humor, and it was quite lengthy after my time in the army.
Suddenly, the closed door behind him burst open, and all five Threadcaps whirled, hands at their belts. My heart leapt to my throat. It was too soon.
I thought, with fondness. At this rate, he’d beat me home and I’d be too embarrassed by my own romantic notion to walk him upstairs before hopping a cab.
Holmes’s eyes glittered like the country sky at nightfall. “And I you,” he said, voice precarious with feeling. His eyes drifted across my face, that genius mind working away at some calculation I could scarcely hope to solve. “You remain the most critical person in my life, Watson. I cannot fathom life without you by my side. It is beyond me, how I came to deserve you...or your forgiveness.”
I shake my head. “Only I can testify what happened when the carriage crashed, Holmes. Otherwise, it could be argued that you had no cause to shoot Professor Coram like you did, and you yourself could be implicated for a crime.”
“Ahhh,” the man said, visibly crumbling. “I—ohh. That’s....” His shoulders slumped. “Fine. I apologize, Mr. Holmes. I’ll tell you all I know.”
A slow smile stretched across my friend's handsome features. "Curious," Holmes said. He crossed the room and extended the note to me with a pale hand. "What do you make of it, Watson? I wager even you could derive the more important details with little trouble."
“…Familiarity,” said I, hopeful to see my guess confirmed in my friend’s features. “With the grounds, or at least the path from the gate to the estate. Enough at least to navigate in the dark after such a stirring event as murder—” My voice lifted with excitement as another realization fell into place. “–and without her glasses after the attack, to boot! Could it be premeditated, Holmes?”
“I understand it has been a considerable period, since we’ve spent proper time in each other’s company.” The words were said at a low, tentative volume. “Our last outing at Simpson's was five weeks ago, and I realize I have been...significantly preoccupied since then.”
At that, the two of us migrated towards the ticket window. The young uniformed fellow, recipient of Mr. Robinson’s ire, watched us wearily from behind the barred window as we approached.
His voice was muted enough that I had unknowingly drawn closer to hear it. I stared hazily at him, my heart pounding. He was near enough that I could smell rosewater once more, that singular perfumed scent Holmes’s keen senses preferred above all others, and it intoxicated me. For a frozen moment, I thought I caught a glance of Holmes’s eyes sliding from mine to my mouth, just as I was drawn to consider the soft, inviting pink of his.
To my desperate relief, Holmes’s condition remained stable. The physician on call, after examining Holmes’s breathing, pulse, and the condition of his ribs—beneath my critical gaze—declared after careful inspection that internal bleeding, while not impossible, was unlikely. I was given orders to watch him intently overnight, once I made it clear that I was going nowhere from his bedside. After some disapproving reprimand from said attending physician—who I reluctantly admit was merely doing his job, and properly—I allowed him to clean and wrap my knuckles in soft bandages.
As my mind turned, the three of us were led into the Professor's room. It was a large chamber, as poorly lit as the rest of the house. Massive velvet curtains hung over impressive paneled windows, and the entire space was lined with bookshelves filled with innumerable volumes which overflowed to the floor in the form of scattered, miniature towers of literature. A kingly four poster bed was in the center of the room, and beside it, positioned in a wheeled chair in a slice of light by the bedroom window, sat Professor Coram.
The station master, joining us on the expedition, lent us the light we needed from the storeroom and soon we were hurrying down the turnstile, moving headlong into solid darkness as our lanterns dashed yellow light across the shining metal tracks.
Johann licked cracked lips. “They sent me back a message agreeing to the meet a few hours ago. They will be here soon.”
“I can hardly believe it happened even now,” the station master said, shaking his head. “All those poor souls aboard...whatever could have happened to them?” He sighed heavily, clearly haunted by the mystery. “I’m very grateful the two of you decided to stay to investigate.” His eyes, webbed in the corners with age, briefly sparked with hope. “If anyone could get to the bottom of this, it’d be the great Sherlock Holmes, hmm?”
“Without rest and recuperation, those talents are at permanent risk,” I replied, meeting the elder Holmes’s prying, familiar grey eyes with the full run of my surgeon’s bluster. “If you want your brother’s attention on this affair, then you shall have to wait until he is fit for it, and that is quite final, sir.”
I was running, faster than I’d ever run my life, pumping my legs like pistons out the door and down the hundred yards towards the main road. The Corams had no stables, my only chance—
I sigh. He will not let go of it unless I confess it all, and I have learned the ill-wisdom of leaving him to draw his own conclusions regarding my feelings.
Hopkins raced off on his newfound horse. I dragged Watson further up the bank, away from the water that had nearly stolen him from me, and gathered his freezing body in my arms, holding him as gently and as reverently as one held the most treasured thing in their world.
“Mr. Robinson,” said Holmes flatly, and I lifted my eyebrows. The person from the telegram was this rude gentleman! I studied him more intently, wondering how Holmes had deduced his identity from a glance. Wealthy clothes, that was to be certain. Were those...
“I am beginning to believe you have no confidence in my abilities at all after today, my dear fellow.”
“It’s a large group, based in South America. They came up three weeks back from Santiago. They showed a great deal of interest in my prototype, and they seemed wealthy enough to do good business with.”
“Quick, Watson,” Holmes said urgently, and even in the low light I could see his eyes shining like stars. “We must fetch some lanterns and see for ourselves.”
“Is it theatre, if it’s the truth?” Briefly looking up to ensure the room was clear, I leaned forward, and press a swift, tender kiss to his brow.
Watson, he will,” Holmes said, tiredly lifting a battered hand to slide over mine as I thumbed his cheekbone.  “But not in any manner that lands you in federal detention. No, that is not the way. If our positions were reversed, you would—”
“At first, the maid thought young Smith was already dead, but upon touching his face to check for signs of life, he opened his eyes for an instant.” Across from the inspector, Holmes visibly returned from the crime scene in his mind to the spirit of the moment, chin lifting in sudden attention. Hopkins lowered his cup to lean forward slowly, caught up in the drama of his own dark narrative. “The lad evidently spoke to her, in his last moments.
“Thank God,” I murmured, leaning close over him. He tried to twist upwards, grimacing, and I shook my head. “Be
“I apologize, sir,” he stuttered from a distance. “But regulations that public access to the telegraph is strictly prohibited—”
He stared at me, eyes boring into my very soul. He was bared, so sharp and so vulnerable that I could not recall how to draw breath.
"The Professor's room is just here, sir," she said, pointing left down the east hall. "This closed door is a linen closet. The west hallway is more guest rooms, yet, three in number with a bathroom at the north end of the west hall. Downstairs is the sitting room of course, sir, and the Professor's study, and another storage room for Mrs. Marker's use. The west wing houses the kitchens, the dining room, the game room and the Professor's library."
“William, this is my friend Thomas Farrow. We met some years ago on New Year’s and we’ve been acquainted ever since.” That night had been a particularly memorable one and had left the both of us—in total innocence—without a pair of trousers between us, and we had been fast friends from then on. The man was unapologetically chipper, bright, and colorful; his friendship and disposition had been the perfect counterpart to my more reserved and spectulatory demeanor, and he had proven to be a most excellent wingman several times over. I had missed him, I realized, but I knew better than anyone why I had not decided to return to the Circle in recent months: the reason stood beside me, hand outstretched to Thomas with an evaluating look on his face.
“Truly, a change of scene will do you a world of good,” I insisted, craning my head for a glance of him.
“Less, if I am right. Go, Hopkins, and meet us in the Professor’s rooms as soon as it is ready. We will need your irons.”
“Evidence that suggests Mr. Robinson is yet another victim in this affair,” said Holmes, electric in energy as he threw up his arm for a cab. “Though it appears he brought much of his own suffering upon himself.”
go with Holmes. Tell Lestrade to meet us at St. Bart’s as soon as he can.” At that, I clambered into the carriage behind Holmes, who had been settled gently in the rear bed. As the driver set us off, I settled near his head, holding his neck steady with tender hands. Eyes closing, I sent up the fiercest prayers I was capable of—for our swift arrival, and above all, safety for the man I held in my hands.
"Please, it's almost like one of your mysteries, eh, John? Always wanted a swing at one myself. Leave it to old Tom. And for God's sake, get this one a drink before someone does it for you." With a wink, Thomas was off, and I concentrated on not sighing aloud.
"It is not something I advertise to my clients," said Johann, somewhat amused. "But it can be...a useful thing, listening when no one thinks to remember you are there."
“Inspector,” Coram ordered coolly, attention drawn away from his confederate wife. “Take out your handcuffs.” His black eyes narrowed. “Slowly.”
I frowned in thought. “Was it luck, to walk the subtler path in the dark? You say she was careful, but certainly it would have been quite difficult to discern in the stormy darkness which path was firmer and where the mud sank deeper?”
In the firelight, Holmes’s masked expression was immutable, but his hands on the upholstery tightened and released.
I sighed, knowing that it was unlikely for us to stumble across a modest country delicatessen on the way. “Once more onto the breach.”
“Perhaps,” I admit. “For cases, there may be cause for restraint. But when you are concerned, my door is always open.”
There was no doubt from where we were standing. The train was gone. Somehow, the very night had swallowed it away to nothing, with only the shriek of a far whistle and hint of light to suggest it had ever been there at all.
“Precisely, and you should hardly need me for the rest. You’ve identified their motivations by now, undoubtedly—you are just as, if not more for your experience, capable as I am in that respect. With little effort I am confident you could ascertain their target, and set a proper trap to neutralize them. For such a task you need a handful of competent men—which should only be a moderate difficulty in your line of work—and a few loaded pistols. You do
“M’afraid not,” said he. “I sent out for Scotland Yard last night, but with all trains on the line cancelled until the train is found, there’s no telling how fast an inspector will get here from the city.”
“No, certainly not. I told you that bartenders were remarkable sources for information, Watson, but I did not expect the treasure trove of knowledge to be learned from him the moment we entered. The second I uttered Peter’s name, Johann took notice, and began eavesdropping avidly on our conversation. With skill, if I may add. No doubt it comes from practice.”
don’t have to change, and neither do I. Between us already, there is trust. Cohabitation. Shared sentiment and interests. We spend ample time together both on cases and off them. For many people, that forms the lot of what romantic partnership
“It is freezing outside,” Holmes said matter-of-factly, the supple material of his gloves sliding methodically against the bones of my hands. My hands were terribly grateful, yet the sensation of his deliberate fingers massaging mine served to warm more than those icy digits alone. The hands are deeply sensitive limbs of the body, and judging from the sportive look in Holmes’s eyes, he knew it well. “If
I thumbed open my pocket watch. It was eight forty-five. Somewhere in this neighborhood, Holmes was facing unprecedented danger alone. I despised being parted from his side, but I needed to believe the advice I gave Johann—I needed to trust in Holmes’s plan, and his abilities.
“Ah, thank you, Ms. Tarlton,” I said, redirecting her attention lest she mark his contemplation as anger towards herself. “Pray, is the master of the house feeling well enough to speak with us? It is to my understanding he ails poorly in this weather. As a doctor, perhaps I can provide some assistance.”
Holmes's eyebrows shot to his hairline, and in an instant he darted to my side, snatching the letter from my grasp. Tearing it open and dashing its envelope in pieces across the carpet, Holmes unfolded the letter and rapidly scanned his eyes across its contents. Unconsciously, as one hand grasped the letter, the other clamped down on the back of my chair as he leaned over my shoulder.
Holmes’s smile was muted and strange. “I have seen a good deal many things on the Continent, my dear man.” I lifted my eyebrows in response to that, but before I could think of a response, music began to spirit out from the curtain behind the stage: a swell of romantic strings, tickled ivories, and provocative brass. A slim hand reached out, liquidly parting the curtain, and a figure slipped out onto the stage, sending up a round of howls, whistles, and expectant applause.
“Watson!” I gasped, as he sputtered and coughed in my embrace, his cuffed hands flying up as his body contorted to eject the water in his lungs. His spine rent upwards and I tilted him sideways, and water, petrifying gouts of it, gushed from his mouth.
Coram blocked me with a raised forearm, but it cost him. He bellowed in pain and I took advantage, following the block with a savage strike to his unprotected chest. Coram gasped wetly, and my lips curled in victory at the crack of broken rib-bone. Wheezing, Coram crawled backwards in the low rapids as he struggled to find purchase to stand. His hand slipped on beneath the water and I advanced. He twisted, lifting the other hand to his hip to reach for—
Holmes turned from me, facing away as if he could not bear to look at me. “It matters no longer," he said, brittle. “Your stories are inconsequential. After all, your muse no longer shines for you as it once did. You will write no more.”
“No, thank you,” volleyed Holmes, just as I was opening my mouth. I smiled gratefully at the girl and she flushed rather prettily, no doubt at Holmes’s manners as he charged into the guest room like a hound with a scent. Entering it with Hopkins on my tail, I saw that the room was small and sparse, with many books piled upon the young man’s study and the small, wire-framed bed cleanly made in the corner. What drew my attention first, naturally, was the great jagged hole in the room’s one window, with its wooden panes broken and whatever glass remaining splintered in fractures.
“Our train should be here any minute, Watson,” Holmes said. He peered down the turnstile, arms crossed against his chest in his dark wool coat. “The trainmaster said as much, and I have no desire to wait in line any longer than is necessary.” In the faint light of the station lamps, I could see his breath cloud through the thick, cashmere confines of his scarf. Holmes had a constitution that was notoriously sensitive to the cold—and as he so childishly insisted, the country air—and he'd been bundled up for nearly the entirety of our holiday, even inside our host’s aristocratic lodgings on the Staffordshire estate. I was hardly one to discourage him; the more time Holmes spent inside swathed like a child with a cough, the better he could recuperate his energy and good health. After three full weeks of reluctant feeding, less-reluctant rest, and astonishingly dry bee husbandry, I was pleased and proud to see Holmes nearly restored to his former self. I had no desire for chilly weather to chip away at his progress, so I had insisted upon his wearing scarves and gloves for the journey home. Holmes, in a streak of uncharacteristic indulgence which had served to mark our holiday as the most peaceful in my recollection, had obliged.
“Distinct, but not separate incidents,” Holmes said, nodding to himself. He walked quickly towards the skeleton of loose boards, roof work, and workman’s tools. He walked spiritedly alongside what must have been its south wall, bending down to examine nearby tracks in the loose mud.
I may have remarked before in my writings that Holmes can, when he likes to, have a peculiarly ingratiating way with women. That is to say, he can be exceedingly, devastatingly charming, and I feel for any creature he targets with such skill, as Heaven knows I would weaken under such a devilish talent, unsuspecting or no. For all that he avoids women, he has a singular talent for establishing rapport with them the likes of which—not to blow my own horn—I myself do not possess, despite my genuine experiences and interest in women the world over. Furthermore, he has a terribly appealing false smile, white and perfect, and his sonorous voice can level at near-hypnotic timbres. (It doesn't hurt, naturally, that my friend resembles a perfect statue of the Roman masters: marble-skinned, noble-featured, tall and lithe and well-dressed, with uncommon, ashen eyes that could transfix one's very soul. Yes, I pity any person he endeavors to charm. We are a hopeless lot, but we're only human, just the same.)
“Or at least…I believe I do,” Holmes finished, and for a moment anger flickered across his face, rolling darkly across his expression like thunder. “It is beyond me. Beyond my comprehension, beyond my experience. It seems I no longer know myself. I feel things for you in a language I do not know how to speak. I experience urges that would imperil the sanctity of my partnership with you, which I value above all things. I’ve lost control, Watson.”
“Never again,” he said against my mouth, teeth grazing my bottom lip. Warmth filled my every cell, and I closed my eyes in novel rapture.
Through my fingers, Holmes painstakingly tightened a strap around a row of glittering bottles. “Its weight and dimensions will not succeed the limits of a standard hansom, Watson, I assure you. Unless you planned to bring several additional bags of formalwear, to which I regret to inform you that Staffordshire is quite a rustic little district. You wouldn’t want to stand out so much amongst the locals.”
“But I shall be returning when he is well,” Mycroft finished, rounding on his visibly unrepentant brother. “This is more important than your typical criminal fascinations, Sherlock. The lives of our officials and citizenry could well be at risk, and I won’t abide by your pickiness.”
I closed the door behind me, and once on the other side, felt all the air rush from my lungs in a mighty gust.
“I need a more detailed map of this part of the countryside—preferably, the topography surrounding it. Luckily, I had the foresight to pick up a map of the line, and to pack several documents concerning this particular part of England for our holiday. Would you believe, Watson, that I have an increasing concern that I will be one day become completely lost in the middle of farm country?”
The sound of galloping hooves and Inspector Hopkins dragged me forcibly to the situation at hand, and whipping my head around, I quickly took stock. Coram was unconscious, having dragged himself to the bank and passed out from the pain.
“Perhaps,” repeated Holmes, with less conviction. “An odd time to do so, you must admit—days after it was burgled, and the night before a train disappears.”
"All will be revealed, Watson," said Holmes enigmatically, folding his hands. "But not until we are safe within the warm walls of Baker Street. Pray, give me time to think, and once home, I will share with you everything I have surmised."
The man’s brow wrinkled in thought, and I dug my hands into my jacket to save them from the cold. It was so frigid outside I chanced a glance upward at the sky, half-expecting to see portents of snow on the horizon, but the sky was as pale and cloudless as a perfect summer day.
“My, my,” Holmes said, turning the label into the light. He took an experimental sniff near the bottle’s lip, and his eyes brightened like sunlight glinting off the Channel. “
after a life where discipline, logic, and data have been my only chosen masters, yet it is as undeniable as it is fundamental. I cannot marshal them any more than I can curb my need for oxygen or my itch for the syringe, and I have
to allow us to bring my trunk, Watson, we must return to our rooms so that I can consult a few maps.”
"Bedsharing may help," he offers, peering at me from the corner of his eyes. "If anything, I could be nearby to offer distraction until you fall asleep again."
I nodded tersely. “I have my service weapon, should we require it. But if all goes right, it will not be necessary. You recall the instructions Holmes gave you?”
But the truth of it was, the memory of Holmes did not speak because he had nothing more to say. Nothing that I could truly believe, nothing that I could hear without breaking apart completely. He was right, had always been right, but I could not accept it. Not his logic, not his care, not my own damned medical mind, because why in God’s name should I look after myself when I had no one left in this world to live for? When the only family I had left had died to end a villain who lived on in cruel, criminal lessers cast across the globe? What was the point?
But this, I believed, was my most lethal response to date. The inability to sleep. The toll on my body was palpable. Time and reality sludged like tar around my eyes, and my pulse hammered nauseatingly beneath my skin and behind my eyes like it had on the front lines, when the Afghans shifted in the night beyond sight, when drifting off could have meant death for myself and my countrymen. My stomach twisted and turned, full of bile and acid but nothing of substance, and my thoughts swam in heavy eddies.
Holmes turned to me, blinking, his attention honing on me with narrow, but not cutting, intensity. In his eyes, thought moved in visible grey waves, then his noble brow smoothed in an expression almost approaching regret.
“The Professor himself declares that he woke to the cry and heard the sound of glass breaking, but that he knows nothing more. He can give no explanation of the young man’s last words, but imagines that they were the outcome of delirium in dying. He believes that Willoughby Smith had not an enemy in the world, and can give no reason for the crime. His first action was to send Mortimer to fetch the local police. Nothing was moved until I got there early this morning, and strict orders were given that no one should walk upon the paths leading to the house, lest they trample over evidence of the perpetrator.” Hopkins gave a small, proud smile. “It was a splendid chance of putting your theories into practice, Mr. Holmes. There was really nothing wanting.”
“If it is not asking too much, Mr. Holmes,” Hopkins said plainly. “It’s a two hour train departing at eleven thirty, if you could join me.”
"And...if it is within you," I ventured gingerly, "tell him where you have been going in the evenings."
Impossibly, sleep took hold of me that night like the fist of Morpheus. It proved to be a blessing that I had not been kept awake, sleepless after a night of revelations that would have left me flightier than gossamer, for Holmes would wake me just before sunrise the following morning with a tentative touch to my shoulder, whispering it was time to put our plan into motion.
“What does—I have worked here long enough to be- to be quite capable of managing a railway station, sir!”
“Very good, Mr. Ables,” Holmes said, with only the slightest discomfort. “Off you go. We have a missing brother to locate.”
"—Perhaps we will return sometime soon." Though his half-lidded eyes were impassive, Holmes's grip on my forearm had tightened, and my throat worked in a swallow.
Hopkins leaned back, arms crossing across his chest. “The young man’s body was found near the bureau, just to left of it; he was not in bed at the time of the attack, but rather, I suspect from the angle of his body, that he was sitting and working late by candlelight. The wound was on the right side of his neck and from behind forwards, angled towards the collarbone—as though he’d stabbed facing away from his attacker when the devil struck him. We found the knife some feet away from the body, so it’s quite impossible he could have fallen upon it, and then there’s the man’s dying words of course. But finally, there was a very important piece of evidence which was found clasped in the dead man’s right hand.”
“I could not bear to lose you another time,” I said, my throat flayed with emotion. “My dear Holmes. Do not believe I could stand to let a man who tried to harm you go unpunished. That damned Austrian will pay for this.”
“Ample enough time to hatch an idea,” said Holmes, smiling with a devilishness that not even the most mortal wounds could repress. “We will ensnare this Baron Gruner, and see that he is made accountable for his crimes. But it will require some deception, from us to the public at large. And I will need your help.”
“Give ‘im the details, Freddie, don’t waste Mr. ‘Olmes’s time,” Wiggy chided, and the boy clutched his teacup and nodded his head.
“Mycroft has already telegrammed to lecture me, my dear fellow,” he said. “But I was exactly where I needed to be.” And what could I say to that? Nothing wise.
“Quite so," I huffed. Suspicion curling in my mind, I narrowed my eyes. Considering the effort it had taken him to agree to this venture, it would not have been completely impossible. Holmes could be so very wily when denied his way of things.
“I see,” I said, with as much rigidness as I could muster. I could not bear to fall to pieces before him and so reached for my history in the service, the detachment of setting bones, staunching blood, and marching through the dead.
“If I am right, we shall have our culprits, Watson,” he whispered. “I trust you have your service weapon, as always?” His face was craned close to mine, and our shoulders brushed together. I felt his presence like the warmth of a hearth, and my pulse quickened with excitement.
“Note the angle of the markings on the chair. They’re high on the feet, almost near the seat. They came not from breaking the window, but from falling to the side in the struggle and striking the leg of the desk, here.” Holmes pointed into the hollow at the bureau where the feet and chair tuck in, and I saw some scratches in the wood siding. His finger moved then upwards, to the desk itself, where a fat candle spent near to the quick sat next to scattered papers and an open book. “Mr. Smith had been working late when the intruder entered his room. Observe, his bed was not slept in. Now, it’s quite possible he did not hear her enter on the carpet as a result of the storm brewing that night. He had been sitting—”
“I truly cannot say, Watson,” he said, eyes glittering with mischief. “It is beyond my powers as of yet—we need more evidence.”
“Quincey, please,” said Mr. Mulberry, his accent seemingly deepening as he tipped his bowler, and I found myself laughing good-naturedly at his forwardness. “And...I admit, the fellow you entered with did not escape my attention, but...” He shrugged his broad shoulders. “He isn’t here now, and I like to consider myself a man of opportunity. At least, when it comes to meeting fellows I admire.”
“We shall see about that,” I retorted, bracing myself, and the man lunged forward with lightning speed, striking hard and fast towards my weaker arm. Grunting under the strain, I struck a sloppy parry, sidestepping backwards. My heart pounded as he kept coming, swinging quick and powerful hits that I could barely riposte in time before they struck flesh. Eventually, too slow, I let out a shout of pain as wood met the bones of my left fingers. My attacker grinned in victory as my grip loosened, and in that moment I took a risk. He outclassed me in brute strength, so I applied the surefire method I’d learned in university.
"You," I started, but found myself at a loss for words. Hopeless, I echoed, "Environmental stimuli?"
tysm for all the kudoses! next week is the penultimate chapter and absolutely brimming with pining, so stay tuned <3 leave a comment if you like the story so far, it means a lot <3
Hopkins and I followed his quick beeline down the stairs, around through the east hallway below, and out the back door by the study. The backyard was just as well manicured as the front, and not too far from the patio sat a small, if not quaint, brick cottage covered in thickets of green ivy.
“And you are so much more than useful,” he said, and I shook my head ruefully, a pleased flush seeping into my cheeks. “There are no limits to what I owe you, and now it seems I owe a debt on my very life.”
It did not take us a long as I would have thought, but as a puzzle of engineering, it was natural that Holmes took to the task like an experienced mechanic. Soon, our experiment was all but finished, and as we rolled it out onto the turnstile, I could still scarcely believe its simplicity.
“Now,” Coram said. “If you would be so gracious, Mr. Holmes…put the cuffs on the good doctor, here.”
“I shall wait up for you,” he said, eyes softening. “I doubt I shall find much sleep this evening.” Immediately, the burden eased from my heart. I smiled, made warm as a hearth by Holmes’s offer.
“I’m glad to hear it,” said Holmes, mouth twisting in a grin. “Let me comfort you further with the promise that I
they crooned, at such a silky and low timber that the room began to howl in approval. I recognized the Sullivan tune, but had never heard it in such a style. Transfixed, I watched as they moved forward across the stage towards the pianist, as confident and graceful as an opera star. They smoothed a gloved hand across his shoulders as he played, their painted lips stretching into a smile.
“Who was just expressing his admiration for your good friend’s stories in the papers,” Quincey said calmly, the warmth in his eyes somewhat dimmed. "I won’t infringe on your evening any longer.”
"Indeed I could," I said calmly. It was a familiar practice of mine, offering my services—always sincerely given, do not mistake me—as an in-route to speaking with witnesses or potential suspects.
I thought. After the funeral, we had exchanged a few words. For all that that the elder espoused the stoicism of his family line, he had been exceedingly kind to me in our parting. His thanks for the years of friendship I had offered his brother had been enough to nearly drive me to tears in a public setting; it was only through pride and the knowledge he’d be made uncomfortable by my distress that I had restrained myself.
“Then we’re off. But I will be back, Mr. Bertram, if I’ve any further questions.” My friend’s stoic expression was nearly enough to make the young man quail.
I raised an eyebrow, but acknowledging he had been uncharacteristically tolerant of my nagging for an unprecedented period of weeks, I relented. “Only the one then. With promise we shall both eat again at
“And willing to kill,” he confirmed, grim-faced. “Somehow, Willoughby Smith began to suspect something. Or the Corams believed that he did. They killed him to protect themselves from the long reach of the Russian police.”
"You nearly lost your life yesterday," Holmes said softly. "And you still believe yourself in love with me?"
“It means that I can make neither head nor tail or it,” the detective replied, with the little snubbed pride that I so approved of. “So far as I can see, it’s just as tangled a business as I ever handled, and yet at first it seemed so simple that one couldn’t go wrong. There’s no
“Ms. Tarlton. Tell me, in the last few weeks, did Mr. Smith ever express any odd behavior in your presence? Any agitation? Concern, anxiety?”
Holmes blinked rapidly, and his mouth coiled into a crooked grin. “Your concern is touching, Watson, as is your evaluation of my appeal—” Within my chest my heart thudded, and my wheeze of surprise mercifully transformed into a passable scoff, “—but I assure you, I am quite capable of managing myself.”
My eyes flooded. Something split apart in my chest, bleeding horror, and I buried his face in my hands.
"Which should be soon," I surmised, and with a heavy, half-hearted sigh, I reluctantly set down my tea and stood to get dressed. I should have anticipated, with the morning's explosion, that a quiet afternoon in would be out of the question. Perhaps, despite the hour, I could convince kindhearted Mrs. Hudson that some scones were in order in expectation of young guests.
“We have arrived,” he said, smoky eyes flitting to the window before returning to mine. “...I suppose we shall just have to keep an eye on each other, won’t we, Watson?”
"You're hardly that," I said, squeezing my hands to the point, and Holmes issued a low noise torn between amusement and surprise. It was one of the more wondrous sounds I had ever heard, and I committed to provoking it more often in the future. "But I have no desire to subject you to something you do not consent to. You are welcome, of course, to reciprocate any action I perform upon myself, my dear man."
“Police! Police business!” I rushed at him like a madman, unrecognizable shouts tearing from my throat.
Hopkins shook his head. “Nothing, Mr. Holmes. You know as much as I do now—probably more, I should think.” He gave a small smile, and I again appreciated the young man’s curtailed ego. “We have made inquiries as to any stranger seen on the country roads or at the railway station, but we’ve heard of none. What beats me is the utter want of all object in the crime. Not a ghost of a motive can anyone suggest.”
at the window, and I jumped in Holmes’s grip. A high, distant whistle echoed through the window glass, and Holmes released a sigh that only just trembled at the edges.
Sleep eluded me, but I needed it desperately. I couldn’t carry on as I was. I knew all too well the effects of sleeplessness on a healthy mind, even on minds of genius, and how much the shaken and grieving required rest. And that was what I was, now. The grieving. I had borne the burden of the category before, but never had it kept me awake like this. After Mother, I drank. As did Father, as did Harry. It was their behavior, throwing things and bellowing at each other, which had eventually scared me into sobriety. After Father’s death, I enlisted: perhaps, in retrospect, an even more dangerous method of coping. And after Harry...after Harry, I turned to cards, and as a result my pension had dwindled until Stamford introduced me to a roommate with a cabinet that would lock and an owner that would mind my chequebook.
reward." He winked saucily and sauntered off, leaving me red as a tomato and Holmes tugging me away untouched by the insinuation.
The boy visibly gathered his courage. “T-Thank you for meetin’ me, Mr. ‘Olmes.” With a full sentence, I recognized that the boy’s voice had the hints of a Scottish burr, the likes of which I’d not heard from a child since I was a boy myself in Edinburgh. “Wiggy told me you were the best in the city to go to when someone was wantin’ help and well…” The boy trailed off, and his dark eyes glittered with a sheen of unshed tears. “I—I be needing it, sir.”
“It is a crushing blow,” continued Coram unhappily. “Young Smith was helping me on my magnum opus. It is my analysis of the documents found in Coptic monasteries of Syria and Egypt, a work which will cut deep at the very foundations of revealed religion. With my health as it is, I’m not sure I shall ever complete it, now that my assistant has been taken from me.” He blinked eyes that had glazed in the smoke now permeating the bedroom. “Dear me, Mr. Holmes. Why, you’re an even quicker smoker than I am myself.”
“...Until tomorrow, Holmes,” I said weakly. He lifted his hand, waving without turning back to me, and my throat constricted once more. I wanted more than anything to respect his wishes, but I was compelled that he know. That he understand I was grateful. That he not return to our home blaming himself for failure and crawl into a needle.
A physical tide of anger and terror rippled through me where I stood. Holmes could not trade his life for mine, I could not bear it, I could not stand by and lose him a second time. I would not survive it.
I reached the gates and my heart constricted in my chest at the sight of a postman on a single horse coming from the east, saddlebag thumping against the side of his mare. I was not a praying man, but I lifted up gospel to every deity of every culture than might be listening, and I sprinted towards him with my heart thundering in my ears.
“…An electrical prototype,” I said, marveling aloud once Holmes and I found a quiet corner in which to speak. “What do you make of it, Holmes?”
“Holmes,” I croaked. The sight of him was like the floor falling out beneath me, plummeting relief. “Holmes, I’m sorry—”
“We will do our very best, Wiggins,” Holmes said. “Until he is found, I would ask you rally your men into a search party.”
I thought, with swelling conviction, and with the tap of my stick I executed an about-face and advanced in Holmes’s direction, intent on catching up to him with speed.
,” Robinson said acidly. “Important documents, and I can’t keep them because my bag was ‘oversized’! It was no larger than that whelp’s head, I tell you! Unacceptable!”
He leaned forward, eyes sincere, to whisper in my other ear. “It appears you have your hands full this evening, doctor. Perhaps next time.” And with a wink, Quincey Mulberry was gone. With a satisfied expression, Holmes slithered like an eel into the spot he had vacated.
“I see you’ve made a friend, John,” Holmes said, at a louder volume. Somehow, his chosen accent had become even more sophisticated and imperious than before. “How very quaint.”
“As you wish, sir," Ms. Tarlton said feelingly. "Thank you,” She curtsied and left us. I turned, watching her go, and looked back to see the Professor retrieve a polished cigarette case from beneath his blanket, which was wrapped around his legs from his chest to his shoes.
"Then how do you explain this? This game of yours?" My voice, despite myself, weakened in my throat, vocal chords straining under a cruel, invisible bow. "I cannot bear to be toyed with this way. I...I thought better of you. Of our friendship, at least."
“The first performance should be starting soon." I said. "Shows start at the same time every night." I looked around, and the bartender caught my eye almost immediately, as if he had been waiting for my signal. “We should make an effort to blend in.”
“Let’s see, I...well...I don’t know, sir. Unusual you say?” Mr. Everett tilted his head. “We did have a break-in, not too long ago. Queer thing, but I didn't reckon it had anything to do with this situation so I didn't mention it.”
I had heard before. Happiness swept through me like summer breeze. Taking a page from Holmes, I found I craved more data, more evidence of his reactions. But I could not rush him. Could presume nothing, neither of his preferences or his experience, which was very likely nil.
“Ah. No, sir. Local police righted it, but they reported it cast upon the floor on its side when they first entered the room.”
Her accent was thick and foreign, and I recognized in it the same inflections as the Professor’s. Her face, pristine with careful makeup, displayed the exact physical characteristics that Holmes had divined, but she was younger than I had imagined, closer in age to the Professor who looked upon her with what could only be devotion shining in his pitch-black eyes.
Holmes pressed his lips together. “I see,” he said. His shadowy eyelids fell to half-mast. “Is there no other reason?”
“Ta very much, Doc,” Wiggins said, answering for his young friend and giving him a meaningful look. I set about it, and in the corner of my eye watched with some amusement as Holmes sat down in his study across from our guests, leg crossed, and said not a word. Young Fred looked like he wanted to sink into the couch under my friend’s silent, penetrating attention, and after a moment of the boy’s torture, I pointedly cleared my throat. Holmes’s quicksilver gaze flickered briefly to me and the meaningful tilt of my chin, and with a near-imperceptible twitch of the lip, his attention returned to the boy with a less immutable expression.
“They haven’t stopped serving me yet. And they won’t, what with the way I tip.” Thomas cupped a hand over his mouth to cut through the ambient noise surrounding us.  “Isn’t that right, Johann?”
“No time for courtship or friends,” Holmes hummed. Nimble fingers struck a flame close to the edge of his pipe. “And how old is your brother?”
“Yes. The ones you sorted for me were trite affairs. Falsified, in the case of a few. One was interesting but the client will not be in country for yet another month, and another won’t require follow up for, say, another nine.” My eyebrow went up at that particular number, but he carried on. “All in all, a disappointing collection.”
My hands moved gladly to his body, as if drawn by magnets. I rounded my palms across Holmes's tapered waist, burying the delight the minor contact elicited in me.
“Was there cause for it?” His mouth forms a delicate smile, but it does not fully touch his eyes. “Concern?”
"We don't know what to say," Peter said, hand on his dirtied chest. "I likely would have been killed without your intervention. I was raised better than that, to leave you with nothing by way of thanks."
“Be still,” I whispered, reaching for his hand and sliding grateful fingers between his. Deep, cinereal grey, color so unique it was tattooed upon the surface of my mind, reflected the warm candlelight. He blinked, wincing in pain, and those eyes turned dazedly upon me, pupils like drops of ink in smoke-soaked parchment.
“Call for help!” I thundered, injecting my voice with every shred of military authority I possessed. “Someone has been deeply hurt and needs care!”
Almost on cue, Mrs. Hudson’s voice flew in from downstairs. “Mr. Holmes! Dr. Watson! Your cab is here!”
The boy gave me a watery smile, and I returned to my study at Holmes’s side, who was wearing that quiet, gratified expression he did whenever I complimented him in front of others. After all these years—even from me—he was still as receptive to praise as a schoolgirl. Fortunately for him, his powers never failed to impress, and I remained unchangingly astounded by him every day we shared together.
"I believe that our client's brother is alive, and in fact being held as collateral to ensure another party's compliance."
“Yes. It was to transport my valuable prototype safely to London. It is a revolutionary device, sir! Capable of producing electricity for use in the home!”
“Indeed,” Holmes said, eyes shimmering. “But luckily, I was able to recall his name in full. I don’t suppose the name Peter Ables means anything to you?”
“You offer yourself instead?” Coram rasped a foul laugh, and in all its foolishness, my soul cried out in relief. “You are a celebrity, Sherlock Holmes. Your face is known across the entire country. No, you would make a very poor hostage. But no one will recognize the face of Dr. John Watson. More’s the point, Mr. Holmes—” In a swift motion faster than I thought him capable of, Coram moved behind me, grabbing my war-scarred shoulder in a cruel grip. The cool metal of a muzzle kissed the side of my neck. “He is the best leverage I could ask for.”
"I have no desire to sit fretting over you as I did this morning like some useless nanny. And it does you no good to be alone when they clearly disturb you enough to keep you awake for hours after they pass."
A pebble had grown in my throat. “I’m glad you are as well,” I said, voice thick. It was a relief down to my very soul to see him standing, whole and unharmed. “A mere scratch is a blessing.”
"You have a good ear, Mr. Vernet," said Johann, his arctic blue eyes brightening. "Sweden is the countryland of my family, my ancestral home. I misspent much of my youth there."
“You will fit in,” I admitted. “Almost more than I might, but there are plenty of members who attend in their business wear. It is a club of all kinds, Holmes, for men and women.”
The concession cooled the embers of my annoyance, and I dropped my arms. “I know, Holmes. I merely wish for you to get the rest you need.”
“It is unprecedented, Holmes,” I managed. “For all your intellect, I do believe that you are the most colossal fool in England.”
"I am not like other men," Holmes said, with a plainness that quivered at the corners. "In that respect, or others. Others do not endanger you with every other case, Watson. Others do not fail to protect you from danger. Others do not
Johann bowed his head, and tipped his hat to me. "Thank you for watching my back, Doctor," he said. "I'll have a new hat sent to you in the mail." I laughed and agreed.
“Tell me the tale, Holmes,” I prodded kindly, his heavy gaze a weight on my heart. If I could not convince him now, then I would divert him.  “How the blazes did you know Coram had a hidden wife in the walls?”
In the minutes it took for help to arrive—first in the form of a bobby and swiftly afterwards, a medical carriage—my attention was devoted to Holmes. His breathing had remained steady, pulse a reassuring staccato below my fingers that tethered me to calm. I would not leave his side even at the pressing of the ambulance men from St. Bart's.
“Fresh air,” I continued, listening for the tale of folding fabric and frowning at the sound of a strange tinkling instead. “Bird-watching...scenic walks...”
“Coded, as young Mr. Ables described,” Holmes said, grey eyes dropping to begin his dissection. “But Peter Ables is no mastermind, merely careful to conceal himself from any possible prying eyes. It is a simpler code, and one I’ve seen before.” He shifted through the papers, and at the last, his eyebrows lifted to his hairline. If I wasn’t mistaken, I thought I perceived a hint of a blush spreading across Holmes’s pale cheekbones.
If they made it to the station, there would be no way to ensnare them without placing Watson at risk. I
This particular moment would not last, however, as soon Holmes was tapping the master’s report with a gloved finger. “According to your report, good sir, there was a “special wagon” attached to last night’s train, destined for London. Do you know the details of this particular compartment?”
“I already did it, sir! I turned the place over lookin’ for a letter from ‘im in case I missed it!” The boy looked near-ecstatic with his success, and I bit my lip at Holmes’s blink of surprise. His elegant solution to keeping the boy at home and out of harm’s way was foiled out the gate, it seemed.
“I took advantage of the jostling on the bridge to knock Mrs. Coram’s aim aside," I explained. "The gun went off, and when the horse fell, we overturned.”
“I believe you’re on the right track, Watson,” said Holmes. “Good sir, the directions to Bridlington station, if you please. I believe we may find valuable information there—if not pertaining directly to this “special wagon”, then at least its owner.” He turned to me, eyes bright. “We must head there as soon as possible.”
"I was in Stockholm not two months ago," Holmes enthused, with a dandyish twist of the wrist. I buried a smile at the more flamboyant mannerisms of his character for this evening. "Positively bracing mountain air. An invigorating country, of well-invigorated people."
The man’s dark eyes glittered with an amusement that sickened me. “Aye. And he’ll not stop til he has his way. Maybe now your detective will listen, eh, Doc?” He slowly raised his stick. “If he lives to see what I do to ya, anyways.”
“My treat, Doctor,” said Quincey, teeth polished and perfectly white, and I sighed internally that we had to meet tonight, of all nights.
“...I am glad to hear it,” he said softly. His face so close to mine, I was enchanted by its perfect, chiseled symmetry. Lips flushed pink, his aristocratic features marred only by the brilliant red cut on his high brow, I thought him a sculpture given life. A Roman creation of marble made flesh, sent into battle, and emergent victorious. He was noble, brave, and the most brilliant man I had ever known.
fault we came to danger?” Heartache had bled over into outrage, hot and wounded in my chest. My voice rose as I stood to my feet, thunderous. “It is my fault then, that I was taken at gunpoint? Thrown from a carriage?
My cry of anguish echoed across the rocks. I dashed to his side, half throwing myself into the frigid water to heave him upwards. I dragged him by his bound arms up onto the bank, and his face, God in Heaven, his face was as white as death. I fumbled frozen fingers alongside his neck for a pulse, my hands and his skin numb with cold—I could not bear to feel nothing, to find
Holmes’s attention turned to me, and his smooth voice faltered. I felt my stomach plummet as those London fog eyes fixed upon me, absorbing my rigid expression and the layers of data stored within it with that determined, uncanny skill I knew I had no chance of diverting. That militant mind would seek out and reveal any secret I could ever attempt to hide, interpreting their meanings and disseminating their truths without hesitation or slightest effort.
“Of course. It is this way, Mr. Holmes.” As she escorted us down the hallway, which was lined with framed photographs and prints of unfamiliar mountains and cityscapes, she turned and offered kindly, “Should the two of you like any refreshment?” Engaging me, she added, “Tea or coffee, perhaps, Dr. Watson?”
The hour was growing late, the maitre’d had long since cleared away our table, and I had sucked my cigar near to the butt, whittling away as much time with Holmes as I could before the waitstaff turned us out for business close. I wanted nothing more than to go home with him to Baker Street rather than back to the clinic. We had seen little of each other since he took this case earlier in the week, and I had been missing his company somewhat terribly, due to our conflicting schedules. Miraculously, Holmes had agreed to meet me for supper in the Strand, and I had been surprised and pleased when he accepted the invitation. Holmes rarely could be convinced to eat voluntarily in the midst of an investigation, and it was practically unheard of that he would waste time sitting in a restaurant when he could be on task.
reveal it to me.” His voice softened. “And that you have experienced intolerance from others. Our species is often a callous one, and set in its ways even at the suffering of its own kind. You deserve much more than what our contemporaries offer you, Watson.”
Holmes frowned at me, listening intently, and I realized I perhaps needed to be more explicit. “Expectations were set after a discussion about what we wanted, from each other, and from the partnership. Not everyone’s idea of a romantic relationship is the same. If were to…if you wanted to enter one with me, there is little real need to change.
The master’s brow furrowed, his bleary eyes blinking slowly in thought. “Nooo. No, I don’t believe so. But then, I didn’t exactly leave my office, so it’s...possible, s’pose.”
Is that what he'd been doing? The very concept of Holmes doing so is as ludicrous as it is touching. "I don't want to impose on
Before us, the front door swung open. Morning light split through the darkness of the condemned building as four men loped in, loitering and crude-faced. Unspoken, they branched outwards into the room, each taking up position surrounding us and blocking the front entrance. On each of their heads was a brown, threadbare cap, and at their belts were old Webleys, dark metal shining in the shadows. Measuring them up, I felt my grip around my cane tighten. Johann was a well-built man, and Holmes had built upon my skill with close-combat that I had first learned in the war, but four men in close quarters, all armed with pistols, would be a challenge without assistance.
“It will be far more expedient if the both of us went,” Holmes insisted. “You are my Boswell, Watson, but you cannot possibly ask the questions that I would likely pose. No, I must attend with you.”
ik it's short. :) not sorry lads. (i am petrified of writing Holmes's POV. who knows if i did it any justice.)
“I am sorry, Holmes." My gaze dropped to the floor, unwilling to witness the moment where his surprise transformed into something different. Shame filled me, not because it was the truth, but because it had made me a liar. I had never wanted to deceive Holmes. He was my dearest friend, a companion in life the likes of which I had never met and never would again. It had broken my heart daily to conceal my whole self from him, foolish as it was to desire that he know me completely when there was so much between us we did not speak of. I could scacrely fathom how I had managed to fool him, and it had privately gutted me that I had been so successful. That it could cost me the greatest friend I had ever known filled me with grief.
“You need medical attention yourself, doctor.” I scoffed, throwing the arm away. A few torn knuckles were nothing to a lifetime of pain in the leg, and I would kneel on soaked cobblestones for days if Holmes could not rise from them.
“Not as dearly as you will,” he replied. His revolver once again trained upon me, but I ignored it, making for the fallen officer. I froze, however, at the hammer of a gun click, the sound of another round entering the chamber. My bound fists clenched in anger.
“The perils of fame,” I observed dryly, seeing he was not speaking of the rain outside. Behind him sat a prolific new pile of letters and telegrams, cast upon my desk with distaste that mirrored my own feelings about them. In the beginning, the many missives from potential clients and fans had been a point of pride and interest, but now they were a chore. (They could hardly be Holmes’s duty, after all, when it was I who had brought such attentions upon us; besides, after so many uninteresting or tedious missives Holmes could become quite unbearable.) Some were remarkable, and stirred
"The case, Watson," he explained, voice fraying. "With your confidence in me, and the atmosphere of the Emerald Circle, I thought it the perfect opportunity to—to determine—"
“Why indeed,” Holmes hummed, fingers finding his chin. “Might we have your permission to look at this warehouse?”
“They pose a credible risk to our offices, Sherlock,” Mycroft rumbles, chastising. “I can determine as much myself—”
With that query, Holmes seemed satisfied with her testimony; smoothly, he asked we be shown the scene of the crime.
"Please,” he said. “It...is I who must apologize. You are..." The long column of his neck convulsed in a swallow. "You are not imagining things."
“Yes, yes, I understand,” said Holmes, voice flickering with impatience. “What we are attempting to understand is not the delay itself, but rather the reason for it.
"Do not fret, my foreign friend. But forgive us if our trust in you is...tentative. We are at war in this little parish. The money we intend to recupe through your—
This was unbearable. I could not tolerate tearing the bindings from this wound with such slowness. “It is a sign of membership,” I said. In self-preservation, emotion had abandoned my voice. “After admittance, and an oath of secrecy, one is awarded a ring such as that to act as a manner of entrance to a bar. An exclusive club out in Ratcliffe. The Emerald Circle.”
to find ‘im.” Fred’s voice was plaintive, twisting my heartstrings. “Please, Mr. ‘Olmes. Will you ‘elp me?”
“Doctor...Watson,” the policeman started, as I rose achingly to my feet, taking my stick from the ground to hold it tightly in my hands. “These men—I must know what happened for my report—”
“You do not smile as often as you did before, Watson,” he said finally, muted. “Your laughter is a rarer thing. I believed at first that you had simply not forgiven me for deceiving you for so long, but then I began to notice that you were…monitoring your expressions in my presence. Writing less. I perceived this as an attempt on your part to…distance yourself. From me. That upon my return, you realized the joy in our partnership had diminished.”
Thank you guys so so much for all the lovely comments and kudoses! I had such a lovely time writing this and I hope you guys enjoyed the final chapter <3
“What are we to do, Holmes?” I asked, feeling hopeless. “There is no evidence that those brigands work for that devil. I doubt they will confess to being under his pay.”
“I understand the risks, my dear fellow.” At my raised eyebrow, he frowned and said, more earnestly, “I realize the severity posed in being identified, Watson, much as I may detest the necessity of deception.”
And his notes. What would I do with those? They were an unimaginable mess but they were no doubt a treasury of information on London’s criminal underbelly. What could I possibly do with such material? What would I even find?
“Holmes!” I whispered harshly, about to lecture him for the impropriety, but no sooner had I spoken had he emerged from the room, brow creased and lips pressed tightly together in thought. He opened the linen closet, peering inside, and then scoured the walls of the hallway with uncompromising consideration. Before I could ask what he was searching for, he snapped his fingers and looked up at me, radiant with a realization I could not begin to surmise.
“And so he grasped the pince-nez you located, Inspector, and fell from his chair in shock at his wounds, overturning it.” My eyes moved to the scarlet stain on the carpet at our feet, and I felt a pang of pity for the loss of such a young life.
to is radical enough to move me to action, Watson. Before, what little I had been exposed to of…sexual relations had seemed to me base. Messy. Overwhelming in some aspects, uncomfortable in others. But…” Holmes cleared his throat, fingers anxiously drumming the study chair's upholstery. “I would be willing to try. With you only.”
“I—oh my clumsiness, forgive me. This affair has my nerves so frayed, Mr. Holmes, oh.” Every drop of blood seemed to have fled from her face. “I—what did you ask me, sir?”
“Thank you. I will endeavor to do the same.” My pulse quickened in my chest, and I took another step forward. Holmes watched me, eyes tracking my every movement. “Then all that remains is what you want. I do not believe we shall reach my limits before we reach yours.”
"Forgive me, old chap," I said stumblingly, fighting the awful blush rising in my cheeks. "But it's time I should turn in.” In front of me, Holmes stiffened. “I've indulged myself beyond my limits this evening, I believe I'm starting to hallucinate."
“Nicholas Coram. Your name is familiar to me, Mr. Holmes. You are welcome in my home, though I regret the business that brings you here.” Professor Coram coughed the cough of a lifelong smoker, phlegmatic and labored. He looked up to the maid, waving a hand, and as he did so I saw that the man’s nails were stained yellow with nicotine. Indeed, the entire room was fetid with the stale, cloying smell of tobacco smoke.
be able to shed any light on what all this is about, or how our mutual friend just handed me one of the biggest busts of my career?”
Recognizing the thrill in his voice, I hastened behind him out the doors onto the breezy turnstile. “What have you found, Holmes?”
“No time to waste,” Coram said, voice dripping with disdain for the man bleeding at our feet. “Get in the carriage, Doctor.”
The first shot delivered everyone to the floor, and I dove behind the tailor's counter just as a hail of bullets sailed over my head. Thunder rolled in my ears as I shouted for Johann to stay down. I dared glance over the counter to see two men, barrels trained on us, and the others facing off at the door and boarded windows, firing upon the Yard.
I blinked, surprised, and felt some minor shame at my first evaluation of the girl. “Thank you, Ms. Tartlon,” I said, mindful to be gentle. Poor dear had lost a friend in young Willoughby, it seemed. “That is kind praise indeed. And how are you faring?”
“Er, yes,” the constable chirped, perhaps with more exuberance than necessary. I could sympathize. (The last vestiges of my own starstruck dithering around Holmes have yet to fade, years into our partnership. I fear they never will, not so long as a heart beats in my chest and Holmes continues to look, act, and see the world as exceptionally he does.)
“Oh, I see,” I said, understanding the implication. “It was done to add to the impression of an outsider." Someone familiar with the manor would have snuck back out carefully, but the window...it implied an impulsive act by a stranger who needed to flee the scene of a crime. In the heat of the moment, I supposed I could understand why Mrs. Coram would have thought it a possible camouflaging element to her identity. "But however did you deduce she was a
“I found you...at the feet of two blackguards,” I said. “They are in the custody of Scotland Yard, now.”
Holmes sighed. “...In the morning, we will review, and I will confirm your meeting spot with Johann.” He stood unmoving, watching me intensely as I moved towards the door to the stairs.
Suddenly, Holmes blinked with some rapidity, and I watched as he looked about himself with strange surprise.
Not long after Holmes and I had traded our morning wear for proper clothes, Mrs. Hudson was knocking on the sitting room door frame.
"No luck with your man, Vernet?" His eyes dropped to Holmes's hand, and his face split into a smile that would've made a nun titter. "...Or perhaps so."
"I've done everything you asked," Johann growled. "I've not called the police. I've agreed to your terms
“Thank you,” Holmes said, seemingly aglow. For a surreal moment, I wondered how my friend would react if I admitted how becoming I truly found him. “It is not the first time I have worn such artifice, but it has been long indeed since I had another apply makeup to my own face with skill. The process can actually be quite soothing, and there is much to be learned from their specific techniques regarding the...enhancement of certain features and the diminution of others. Remarkable implications for my work.”
“Yes,” Holmes said. “And wanted in their home country for crimes of terrorism, treason, and arson, Scotland Yard has learned.”
I blinked, shocked he would suggest retiring before even coming close to running himself into the ground. “Already? But what about—”
“I am glad to hear it,” I said, breathless. I felt light as air with the knowledge that Holmes, the most unique and talented man on this earth, desired the feeling of my skin, and welcomed my contact alone. Its warmth outshone any buzz of drink, and heated my blood like a centrifuge.
“Ah!” I was dragged from such mental imagery as Holmes spun from the window and slid to his knees, studying the upholstered wooden chair sat next to Smith’s desk. Lifting it by the arms, he looked to me and tilted his neck to the side, gesturing for me to move, and in a sudden movement, swung the chair towards the window. He froze moments before connection, halting the chair in the midair. Promptly, he then returned it to the floor.
in agreement, taking out my notebook, and bit down a smile as I pressed my knee against his in thanks.
Stony eyes glimmered in the firelight. “We are going to send a telegram to Johann tomorrow, Watson. We are going to tell him to accept the Threadcaps’ deal.”
The moment the cab stopped, Johann hurtled from it like a man aflame. I lumbered after him, leg and shoulder aching fiercely after such a dogfight now that the adrenaline had faded, and when we finally made it up the stairs, I let loose a mountainous sigh of relief.
I twisted in my seat and found a rather handsome stranger had occupied Holmes’s empty stool, his suit, hair, and smile a triad of sleek confidence. He leaned across the bar with a cool, but not inappropriate, ease, and I lifted an eyebrow.
Like a man afraid to disturb a dream, I reached for his face. Reveling in the feeling of smooth, alabaster skin beneath my fingers, I traced a path up Holmes's cheeks. For a moment I paused, offering him the opportunity to withdraw as our breaths mingled. Holmes said nothing, watching transfixed, the grey of his eyes thin-circled around pools of obsidian. I closed the distance and closed my eyes, turning my head and drawing my lips slowly against his. I did not rush to capture a lip or pry lose a sigh; I savored the novelty, the feeling of a silken, thin mouth against mine, and applied gentle pressure. My hands slid up past Holmes's cheeks, thumbs resting on cheekbones as my fingers sought the short, dark tangle of his hair. I felt Holmes shiver, and I found myself cataloguing the response, employing methods I had learned from the world’s greatest mind. After a moment, I pulled back, heart fluttering in my breast.
Holmes trailed off into a sharp exhale. He clenched his jaw once, shaking his head. “I cannot put it into words still,” he said, vexation leaking through his façade. “I don’t
Holmes leaned closer to speak in my ear at a more clandestine volume. “Possibly, but highly unlikely given young Mr. Ables’s testimony of his brother’s character.” A dark eyebrow edged up to Holmes’s loose hairline. “I do hope you are not stalling our investigation for fear I will expose myself. Your poor faith in me is beginning to sting, Watson.”
“I did telegram ahead,” Mycroft harrumphed, sidestepping a retreating Mrs. Hudson into the sitting room.
I wanted to demand that he stay. To insist he tell me all that worried him so that I could erase it. But he had already revealed so much of himself in front of me this evening, so much of what he strove daily to repress. How could I give him anything but space? We had been through an ordeal, both of us, and he needed to collect himself. I owed him that, at least, and it was selfish to want more, to hound after his sentiments and attend to his pains when it was clear he could not bear to demonstrate them to me, and could not tolerate their existence within himself.
I could not deny the truth. I had deceived him for long enough. But the fear was old and powerful beneath my skin, anxiety making my palms sweat and my lungs ache. I was at once hideously grateful that I had kept my practice after Holmes returned. I had kept it for the supplementary income in the event our caseloads ever ran dry, as they occasionally did, and it could—it
“Tea,” I muttered, in lieu of good morning, and I knew that the mystery of the evening still lingered in its excitement when Holmes chuckled aloud.
“Holmes, what have you determined?” Hopkins asked, eyes bright with the possibility of newfound clues.
“You would not have,” I said firmly, but my heart was thudding hard and heavy in my chest. “You believe in
“My dear Watson,” Holmes started, and I almost closed my eyes at the appellation. It was possible this was the last time I would ever hear it. His attention upon me was intense, but the open concern on my friend’s face was a marvel. Before his “death”, Holmes had rarely expressed even the more general of human emotions to me, but towards what I once considered the end, that had begun to change. After his return, I found myself frequently taken aback by the degree of feeling which Holmes allowed to seep into his expressions and tone in my presence, and now was no exception. But this new openness left room for greater pain: here, I had no choice to admit that which could destroy my friend’s trust in me completely.
“G’day,” the man said. He did not look up at Holmes’s greeting, his disinterested gaze fixed disapprovingly behind us in the direction of the ticket office. “...To whom am I speaking?"
A hunk of quartz had lodged itself in my throat. “Holmes,” I said. My shoulders threatened to slump, but I steeled myself. I had faced more frightening danger, I told myself. What is this to war? To Maiwand? This was only Holmes.
“Holmes,” I said. I could not help but sigh his name, too exhausted to laugh, but I settled for a weak, if grateful smile. “I’m glad to see you alright.”
"It is a good way to know the goings-on. Such as how much money you friend Thomas owes me on his tab." He tossed me a wink. "That, and I enjoy tending bar. You meet the most interesting people."
As Coram talked, Holmes paced up and down about the room, smoking like a veritable steam engine. He sucked one to the quick and went back for a second and third while the Professor rambled, whipping up a regular pea-souper as he occasionally did in Baker Street on his more slippery cases. Perhaps the fresh Japanese cigarettes were a new favorite, but I did wonder if something else was driving him to distraction.
A knock at the door stops my writing in its tracks. I bite down the embarrassed chuckle that wells up in my throat as I look up into a room that has much brightened with morning light since I first started my recounting. My heart hammers even just recalling my impulsive action two weeks ago. The feeling of his lips on mine...
“You were a passenger on the train last night? The train to London?” I asked, surprised. Holmes, naturally, did not seem to share my shock.
“I don’t know what you’re accusin’ me of,” the man cried. “I’m just a man workin’ for pay, tain’t no crime to indulge in a snifter or two! Not a real one!”
"I have certainly received less polite requests for my expertise,” said Holmes, amused. “As for the aforementioned "Wiggy", I believe he is a fellow that the both of us are acquainted with."
“It is nothing she does not see on the daily, my good man,” Professor Coram said dismissively. “But I appreciate the courtesy. My housekeeper resides in the cottage in the back of the manor. In light of the tragedy of last night, I have given her the day to calm her nerves.” He pressed his lips together, and those piercing eyes javelined towards my friend and eventually to me. “Pray, do not disturb her too much. She is an elderly woman and she has been much disturbed by these horrible events.”
“Something is wrong,” Holmes said lowly, pulling down his scarf. “I can’t hear any sound from the incoming train.” With shock, I realized he was right. The night air was eerily silent, when I knew logically that if there was no sound of an engine, there should at least be the screech of the train’s brakes.
Mrs. Coram lay closer to the bridge, unmoving on her stomach and half swept into the creek. I saw her thin breathing and the blood pouring from the crown of her head, and cared little.
It is clear to me now that my mind has been infatuated with Sherlock Holmes since the very first week of our acquaintance. Though it took several years for my heart and spirit to follow suit—through grieving for him after the trials of Reichenbach and Moriarty, and after the loss of my beloved Mary—I can say with confidence that I am deeply, irretrievably, and imprudently in love with him. I acknowledge the injudiciousness of my affection daily, but with every added moment shared with Holmes, I am made more powerless to the singular joy that his company provides me.
“After the breakfast I was promised, naturally." Holmes clapped his hands together with a short laugh, his ardor returned with such vivacity that I doubted whether I had seen any hesitation at all.
Below our feet, there was the faint rumble of the front door opening and the sound of boots crossing the threshold, and we met eyes.
my dear madam, when paired with spice oil and ambergris.” An infernal curl stretched my friend’s mouth, as provocative as it was Mephistophelian. “I don’t suppose you own such a delicate fragrance, my dear woman?”
” the man gasped, and Johann lurched forward. Both of them ran to each other, catching the other in an embrace that filled my heart like sunlight.
“Come, Watson,” he said breathlessly. He drew close to me at the top of the stairs, his breath ghosting over my ear and sending goosebumps down my spine. “I must determine something. The cottage may hold the key to this.”
I frowned. “Yes, of course—we saw it together! It was coming down the line, I saw headlights, I even heard the whistle, if only the once.”
With that, my heart broke cleanly in two. This was almost worse than anything I had imagined. His cold callousness was almost more unbearable than rage. I would have nearly preferred it, when only last night, he had been squeezing my hand at my bedside. Slowly, I stiffened to agonizing attention.
Pressing fingers to my mouth at the memory of his lips on mine, I felt my face break apart in wonder.
Marching forward, I took Holmes by the jaw and planted a prompt kiss on his mouth. "You will save Peter Ables and come home safe to me," I said, and my tone left no room for argument.
“I shall indeed be indebted to you if you can throw a light where all is so dark to us,” said Coram. “To a poor bookworm and invalid like myself, such a blow is paralyzing. I seem to have lost faculty of thought! But you are a man of action—a man of affairs. I have read your biographer's stories. Such shocking events are a part of the everyday routine of your life. You have a soldier’s steadiness, and can preserve your balance in every emergency! I envy you, sir. But we are fortunate in having you at our side, Mr. Holmes, on the hunt for this foul brigand.”
“Hush,” my friend hissed. The diverted mood which had swept over him in the Professor’s quarters had been banished and replaced by an acute, single-minded mien. As though powered by one of Tesla’s voltaic electric coils he abruptly set down the east hallway, marching past the staircase and back several times. Hopkins and I watched, perplexed, as he opened the door to Ms. Tarlton’s quarters and entered her room.
“So losing the prototype, it could cost him everything! But Holmes—what if one of these companies became aware of what Robinson was doing?”
"Stockholm," Johann said, his gruff voice softening with longing. "It is the city of my birth. I have not been there in many years."
and when we met eyes, the sentiment I found there made my heart go still. There, burning, was a determination and willpower that took hold of me, forging a covenant at my core made by the strongest faith I’d ever known.
It was not that I was concerned Holmes would find such baseless coquetry appealing. To the profound and permanent disappointment of England's broader population—enamored by his mind’s reputation or in person by his striking, statuesque looks—flirtation bounced seamless across my friend’s awareness like marbles off a drumhead. In all our years of friendship, he had never intimated any interest whatsoever in courting, the fairer sex, or more primitive human entanglements to me. The complexities of romance were often ignored by my friend in our investigations until proven relevant. Holmes did not seem to care for, or indeed care to understand, the affairs of the heart which so tempt and vex our species, and in fact sometimes disapproved of such fixations, vocally and in earnest. I myself left the topic alone unless we encountered crimes of passion, and in these moments where Holmes muttered his frustrations to the air about the foolishness of mortal
Holmes sighed heavily. “I shall make no promises, sir. But with your continued cooperation, perhaps I can...summon some lenience.” Eyes flickering to mine, he subtly tilted his head towards the door, and at that, we left the miserable man where he sat, quietly moving into the empty meeting hall.
“It would be what I deserve,” she breathed. “For my silence. For that young man. Oh, God in Heaven, I did not know. I would have—I did not
“Watson,” he says against my mouth. Thrill skitters beneath my skin at the sound of my name in his voice at such a register, low and amorous, tones I never before knew him capable of and now pursue without rest. “There is time enough.”
"...Yes," Holmes said, voice low. It had shed its uncertainty, and some other quality had replaced it. Interest had transformed into headier straits, and the sound of it heated my gut like kindling. Slowly, I slid my hands up the cool cotton of his back, and inclined my head upwards to take his mouth with mine.
"Have you formed a hypothesis?" I asked, when I could recall words through the heady feeling clouding my mind.
“My dear Watson,” said Holmes, voice rough. His eyes flickered with a regret I did not understand. Or perhaps, I thought, as his hand squeezed mine, I did. His eyebrows furrowed, however, as his thumb grazed the gauze wrapped over my knuckles, and he looked down, eyes widening.
That was quite a convincing point, I conceded, and it leveled some significant sway over the more practical voice in my ear.
“Yes, well. It’s little wonder he believed himself capable of solving such a thing,” Holmes said. Suddenly, his tone had become the strangest cross of dull and sharp-edged. His words were flat, but the voice carrying them had embraced a new, foreign acidity. "Reading your little stories, it seems as simple as looking about and leaping to conclusions. I suppose he fancied himself some clever action hero.”
“The bureau, Watson.” Holmes’s voice was emotionless. “It is there that he must have stored the journal. Coram must have noticed it was missing. It did not matter that Smith could not interpret it. It was a mistake that they could not afford.”
Holmes shook his head, disappointed. “To think I had hope you realized its value over our holiday. Very well, but I won’t hear your complaints should we be forced to waste time and return all the way here should we need to use it.”
“Very well,” he said, and I sighed with relief. Holmes lofted an eyebrow. “Until your colleague returns. But then I shall use my own methods, potential suitors or no.”
Holmes was wearing clothing I had never seen him wear before. Gone was his standard black suit and pinstriped ensemble. Now he wore a lush, blue-emerald tailored coat, dark and long to his knees, which were capped by rather spiffing, crisp black boots that encased the length of his tapered, dark-trousered legs. Beneath his jacket was a dandyish pale dress shirt, ivory cream and tucked below an elegant velveteen vest with burnished sterling fastens, and a silken ascot was tied loosely around his neck. The entire costume bordered on ostentatious but hesitated near the line; I had seen many stage actors bow after the final curtain in similar getups, and many more wearing the same in the Circle itself.
And while Holmes was clearly as disturbed by Ms. Winter’s horrible tale as I was, he was unerringly determined to see this out. The day would never come when Sherlock Holmes could be intimidated from a case, and that remained true doubly so when concerning such a scoundrel like Gruner.
“Flattery will get you nowhere, my dear man,” Holmes said, with cheek that made him seem years younger.
“A friend,” the man scoffed. “Did you ask some invert from your club for help, Mr. Larssen?” I rankled at his derision, but the man shrugged his shoulders in dismissal. “It’s no matter. Even if you’re armed, we outnumber you.”
“When?” Holmes said sharply. When the man failed to respond quickly, he rapped his walking stick upon the man’s desk, making him jump in his seat. “Your
“Nothing so very special about it...at least, not that I can recall.” Sighing, Mr. Everett self-consciously plucked lint from his spotless uniformed cuffs. “My memory s’not what it used to be, gentlemen. But if you need it, I’m happy to give you the train composition report. The train was the standard liner from Nottingham to London. Coal engine, with a first and second class, and a post-car.”
The lack of a crime scene to investigate did not fill me with optimism, but my curiosity burned all the brighter. “This case becomes stranger and stranger, Holmes. First, someone steals a warehouse full of railway tracks, and then an entire train disappears almost a week later!”
I opened my eyes again to see his gaze fall to the floor, his expression shuttering away behind panels now blasted with holes.
In half the time which he’d named, Holmes had captured the housekeeper’s goodwill, chatting with her as if he had known her for years, and soon she was inviting the three of us into her home for some tea.
“An understatement,” I said, not unfondly. “He’s a good friend, and right, too. He has been a club member for some time, he’d know who to ask and the right way to ask it.”
"As much as I may miss it, Sweden has not been home to me since my youth." Johann poured wine into both glasses with masterful control. "It may surprise you to hear it, but fond as my memories may be of the beauty of the Swedish countryside, some parts of the world are even less welcoming of...certain lifestyles. Police raid this neighborhood every other day, and yet it is still safer than the back alleys in which I grew up." Johann smiled good-naturedly. "I am not so eager to leave my life, or my business, behind."
Rest, Holmes! Relaxation in the quiet countryside, without a single client or villain in sight—” I ignored him as he scoffed, at either my phrasing or the sentiment, “—and you’ll scarcely be resting if you bring your entire chemical lab along with you!”
was blue, those spring-sky shades I had grieved the loss of. I practically gave way, slumping half on the bank and on top of him, and I found myself pressing my forehead against his.
“Mmm, yes,” Holmes hummed, squinting. “Someone indeed has passed along. Observe, two sets of prints, to the gate and back. Our lady must have picked her steps carefully. Walking in the grass would have left a trail, but walking on the dirt path would have left an even clearer one in the fresh mud.”
Loping down familiar alleys on the standard route home, I squinted in the night in search of Holmes’s top-hat as I rounded each corner.
For so long, being at Holmes’s side has been my purpose. What did I amount to now? A crippled soldier without a war, a doctor who couldn’t even care to look after himself, a rough-shod, heart-struck writer of a greater man’s exploits, one who'd been lost in his own war against injustice.
“We were glad to offer our assistance,” Holmes said, rolling up his shirtsleeves over finely-haired biceps with businesslike crispness. "No payment is necessary."
“Old ‘nough sir, he just turned twenty years.” I swallowed a rueful smile. Twenty would seem old to such a young boy, but to me, it seemed barely out of childhood. But then again, most of the lads I had enlisted with had been younger than that.
"I have reason to believe that Peter Ables's disappearance is more than it seems, my dear fellow. Judging from what I learned from the ladies backstage, this kidnapping may play only a minor role in a much more nefarious dealing."
I buried my own reaction to such a disparaging comment to the young lady, for it was nothing I’d not heard before from other men of the Professor’s standing, but for how little I knew Ms. Tarlton I could hardly say she was soft-headed. And having seen and held men as they died myself in war time, I knew all too well just how such traumatic memories could lodge themselves in one’s mind with terrible clarity.
that voice entreated again, and even in my mind, the sound of his name in that voice, that knowing tone, fluttered in my breast. “
“It is very possible that Mr. Ables, if we are to believe the evidence that he was indeed a member of this club and a homosexual, went there sometime in the last two days. The younger Mr. Ables clearly has no notion to the meaning of his brother’s hidden band, and so he would have no way of knowing whether or not his brother went to the club, as opposed to directly home, two nights ago.”
molly house will be instrumental in our efforts to maintain security over our borders. So you understand if we are...apprehensive that you will deliver on your promises."
“I am aware of the difference when you are genuinely unobservant or merely playing at blindness, Watson." For a moment I waited beneath the weight of his eyes, watching his presence in the moment flicker like the light of a weak candle as his mind spirited in directions unseen. Finally, his mouth twitched in a facsimile of a smile, his attention returning fully to myself and the room around us.
Luckily, bruises and strained muscles were the extent of my injuries. My neck and collar were a ghastly sight, as was the entire right side of my body where I met the shallow rockbed of a freezing cold brook, but otherwise, I had not broken a single bone. I ached, however, rather miserably, and desired nothing more than my own bed, a bit of whisky, and Baker Street.
“No, you are right in that. Gruner exercises too much fear over them. He is powerful and they know well he could reach them even behind bars, with his connections and his wealth.” He tilted his head to look at me, eyes burning with a calculating light. “Which is why, my dear man, I have formulated a plan.”
“Never in my life have I made such an egregious error in judgement,” Holmes said, voice hushed and quick. He all but lurched forward towards me, his face seized with urgency. “I beg you not to take a step further before I apologize for what I—for what is clearly the greatest miscalculation I have ever drawn.”
“Hello, Sherlock,” Mycroft Holmes said, his brisk voice twisted with that quintessential, stooped quality of an older sibling beholding the younger. It had been several months—the evening we located the Bruce-Partington plans—since I had last seen the elder Holmes. For the most part, he appeared precisely as he had then: substantial in dimension, in every respect, dressed in pristine business-wear with a finely brushed hat atop a head of hair gone white. However, in the shadow of the door frame, I thought that his face held a layer of strain it had not possessed before, fatigue pulling at the crow’s feet rounding his mouth and eyes to exaggerate the man’s years.
“A valuable suggestion, Professor,” my friend replied. The end of his cigarette glowed, fire devouring vellum. “But what of the eyeglasses, then?”
. Despite all efforts of repression, distraction... the feelings remain. The thoughts persist, and evolve to straits I once found disagreeable, in the rare occasion I formed them at all." Holmes's fingers dug into the leather. "And the part of myself that could not be silenced in your absence now resounds in your presence.”
It was not yet nine thirty a.m., and my friend sat folded in his armchair with a scowl eminent for a man so inundated with criminal delights. His Stradivarius was half clutched to his chest but his bow was nowhere to be seen; Holmes did his best thinking with the violin in hand, but music was not always a necessary component to his ruminations. (Out loud I have teased my friend that the instrument is the closest thing to an infant child that Holmes will ever call his own, and privately, I regard the unconscious comfort he finds in holding it with no little fondness.)
Pressing his lips together, Mycroft tapped his cane with wrinkled consideration. A beat, and the great man sighed, bowing his head. “Despite appearances, Doctor, I do care for my brother’s welfare. But as transcriber of his many successes, you acknowledge his talents are of immeasurable use in moments of crisis.”
“Ulterior motives?” Thomas said, sandy eyebrows jaunting upwards. “Mr. Vernet, this is a society of ulterior motives.” I coughed pointedly and Thomas chuckled. “But I’m glad to be of service to anyone honest enough to admit it.”
“A trifle,” he said. He lifted a disinterested hand. “Your box spring has accumulated rust and there is a particular squeak when you emerge from it in the mornings and a quieter creak of metal when, after matters of hygiene, you once again sit—on the edge of your bed, of course, your slippers remain there after you take them off at night—to put them on. There is an average of three to five minutes between the time you sit to put on your house-clothes and the time you come downstairs, time spent on your kinaesthetics. I called for tea at the first creak.”
Holmes straightened on his walking stick, and for a moment he looked enough like his dismissive older brother I had to fight a small smile.
“It is almost disappointing," she said. "I expected more. Perhaps he is not as smart as you think.” Her painted lips stretched into a smile. “Or as he thinks. I wonder what he will think of himself tomorrow, when he fails to save you in the end.”
My eyes found his archives, and my heart overturned, submerging in bitterness. Within those files were years of Holmes’s work. Work that would never be finished or appreciated. Names of Moriarty’s syndicate were in that disorganized trove. Blackmailers, mercenaries, thieves, blackguards of the lowest order. I pondered the idea of giving them to Lestrade, but my mind shied away from the idea with immediate, twisting discomfort. Holmes would have been disgusted to have his precious findings go to the Yard, even considering the firm acquaintanceship he’d managed to forge with Lestrade. No. Even if he was gone, I could not ignore what his preferences would have been. As to what those were...
“I will accept your apology,” I said playfully, overjoyed to see this side of Holmes emerge after weeks of total, committed criminal focus. “But only upon evidence of new habits.”
“And what draws you to such a conclusion, Mr. Holmes?” asked Coram, and his voice was a strip of gravel.
His resulting eyebrow told me precisely what the answer was to that, and I couldn’t help the fond, exasperated smile that tugged at the corner of my mouth.
“You know you become quite pointed when you’re stressed, Watson? Calm yourself, I’ve already located the bag. Mr. Robinson’s eccentric taste extends to his luggage, as I suspected.”
My heart hammered in my chest like a war drum. We both knew what was coming. The three of us were hostages, now, and while one was practically blind without her glasses, both of our captors were armed. More pressingly, they wanted to escape without capture or threat of it, and so it was a matter of who, not 'if' one of us would be taken as collateral.
“That is within your rights,” said Holmes magnanimously. “Thank you for your cooperation, sir. My colleague and I must continue our investigation.”
“I—” I managed, gaping with awe. His irises shone like liquid steel as they drifted from my expression to the man beside me. With his tinted lips curled in a vainglorious smile, Holmes glided forward, and along my right side, he pressed close enough that I could smell his rosewater perfume. My thoughts swam as whatever intimate space between us was eliminated, and he bent his head close to mine.
“I love you,” I said. Now that I had leave to say it, I found that I wanted nothing more than to do so, over and over again. I reached for his face, tracing a cheekbone with a calloused, copper-smudged hand. “More than anything on this earth.”
“I will fetch a cab—” And when he opened his mouth to speak, I steamed directly over him. “And we will be leaving your lab in our
Regret swept over my friend's face, disarming me with its intensity. "No, Watson. You could never be that."
“This side, sir.” He pointed to the side at our right. “This narrow margin of grass between the path and the flowerbed. Gone now, but clear to me then.”
"The greatest thing you could do for us, Mr. Ables, would be to return home to your younger brother safe."
"John," he said, his rugged face pale and hard. Holmes’s observations ringing in my mind, I could see the strain splintering beneath the surface of his expression. He looked like he hadn’t slept in days. "You could have told me what you and your partner were doing."
"...You may always come to me, in the occasion they fail to work," Holmes says, expression serious despite the reservation in the offer.
“My condolences,” Holmes said, and I thought even for him, the sympathy in his voice was withered. He turned to me. “Watson, I believe we must be off to the next station.”
A light blush spreads beneath his cheeks, roses under a blanket of snow. “Romance may not be my purview, Watson, but I do know how to observe. Fine cuisine and finer music are interests we share.”
"These matters...are difficult for me to speak of," he said quietly. "I deplore that which escapes me, and few things confound me more readily than these notions. They frustrate, in a manner beyond comparison."
“I’ll hear none of that,” I said, with sudden vehemence, and finally, he looked at me, eyes haunted but present, fixed to mine. “You saved my life, Holmes.”
I couldn’t help another watery laugh, dropping my hand to his arm. “A plan already.” I shook my head, full of aching fondness. I loved this man with my entire being. “You’ve been conscious mere minutes.”
“Or on his break?” I suggested, uncertain. I leaned against the window, finding no sign of an attendant in the small ticket office.
Holmes opened eyes that had drifted closed, and I treasured the color that had bloomed beneath the fair skin of his face.
“I swear to you that if you have no wish to indulge me, that you shall never suffer this line of inquiry again. I would not risk our partnership or your affection to satisfy my whims.”
“Excellent!” He opened the door and sang for our Mrs. Hudson, his powerful voice rippling down the hallway. “
We came upon a stone bridge, and at the wail of a horse in agony, I found I could still feel colder.
“Good news, chaps,” he whispered, and Holmes pressed close behind me to hear the man, a warm line against my back. “The ladies have heard of your man, and are willing to talk to you before the next set ends. They’re waiting backstage, preparing for their sets.”
alone. In that moment, in the quiet tomb of what used to be my life with the man I loved, it did not seem worth it.
air. Watson needed air, and if there was water in his lungs, it needed to be cast out. Frantic, I turned him on his side and struck him repeatedly at the lower back, desperate for him to cough. Limp silence met my efforts and panic slithered beneath my skin, reason disintegrating under impending and total grief.
Holmes smiled at the astonishment of Hopkins, who had in moments ripped a small book from his jacket to write down everything he said, and at my own amazed expression. He would hate to hear it, but his observations often seemed nothing short of divination to me: incredible feats of charm and sorcery, owing nothing to magic but everything to skill. Years passed and he remained extraordinary, while I remained hopelessly impressed by his every insight.
sleep. And yet fixed I remained, in the dark of the sitting room, curled in my study with the fireplace dead and the twin chair in front of me empty. The sight of it
“A director’s board was travelling with you, sir?” Holmes asked, visibly intrigued. “Which company did they represent?”
“Wonderful,” I deadpanned, before shaking my head. “I shall be fine, Holmes. Any holiday with you is one to enjoy.”
“Indeed,” Holmes mustered, and I avoided his eyes. Pushing down any feelings of awkwardness and away any thoughts of the kind of which I was reading, I scanned the entries again and found myself frowning.
“Let me patch you up, my dear fellow,” Holmes managed, after a moment of time in which I would have been content to live forever. I nodded, sinking back into my chair with a bliss I had never known was possible with a bullet wound, and allowed him to take care of me.
“Nearly an hour,” I say consideringly, as his hands slide up my back. My legs slot carefully between his, mindful not to press too much of my weight upon him, and the contact practically simmers beneath the surface of my skin. The fabric of Holmes’s sleepshirt is worn and thin to the point of madness.
The woman’s teacup clattered in its saucer as it slipped from her shaking fingertips, spilling over-steeped tea across the scratched wood, and she began whispering frantic apologies.
“I do not intend to use the telegram, Mr. Bertram,” said Holmes, shaking his head. With abrupt grace, he dropped to his knees at the foot of the desk, reaching behind it and plucking an odd article of paper from the floor, where it had fallen behind the desk and lodged itself upright in the floorboards. “But it appears someone else did.”
“Listen to me, Holmes,” I said, and allowed myself to finally breach the distance between us by stepping forward. He watched me wearily, but not in any way to make me believe he feared my closeness. And against better wisdom, the urge to finally approach him and take the liberty I’d never been offered, to wrap him in my arms, was incredibly powerful.
He demonstrated to the well-manicured dirt path stretched before them, trailing in a straight line towards the manor in the distance. On both sides of the path, separated by an inch of wet blue grass, were clean, parallel strips of baby’s breath. “Mr. Holmes, this is the main path I spoke of, I’ll pledge my word there was no mark on it yesterday.”
“Good afternoon, sir,” he said, with acerbic pleasantry. “Loathe as my colleague and I are to disturb you, we are investigating the disappearance of last night’s train, and we require your assistance.”
Holmes stood, and the world hung about his shoulders. Emotion had been shuttered away from his features, a cool mask in place, and though it was familiar the sight now filled me with apprehension. “I’m going to leave you to rest now, Watson. I could use some sleep myself. Sustenance, even, if I dare wake our landlady in coming home. I will see you tomorrow.”
I waved my hand, clearing away the apology if not the sentiment. “Come, tea, fresh and hot,” I pressed, and the frown that had been carved into his mouth faded some at my tone. I offered him a smile as he sat down across from me, crossing a leg over another, and I began to pour. I would have traditional English breakfast, but Holmes preferred Earl Grey’s Mixture.
He left but a corner of crust uneaten under my keen observation, and then we left immediately for the station. The morning walk was brisk, waking me better than a cup of English breakfast had done. Evesham was a small enough burrough that Holmes and I could probably walk its entirety had we the day, and we made it to the quaint railway station in less than ten minutes. When we arrived, the place was empty but for the old station master, Mr. Everett, who looked as if he hadn’t slept a wink all night. We found him standing on the blustery turnstile, gaze cast out onto the tracks almost as if he expected to see the train pull up out of the sunrise.
"Only after two have become familiar with each other, and the practice. Some prefer less...animation in a kiss, or prefer stimulation elsewhere." I lifted an eyebrow. "Where do you fall?"
“Needs medical care as soon as possible!” I hollered up at him. “Go to town for a doctor, as fast as you can!”
It had not, and I had gone home with no one, nursing my loneliness as I had done for three years with no one to blame but myself.
I wanted to throw a punch, glance my knuckles across a pale cheekbone, I wanted to take his collar in my fist and
He was taunting Holmes now, scorn seeping from his voice. My friend’s face was the Arctic, untouched ice.
Mrs. Marker went rigid, a shocked and horrified breath stuttering from her lungs. “The noose,” she choked out. “The noose.” She closed her eyes, tears streaming down her face. She shuddered, paroxysms of horror.
“We have just murdered a constable and kidnapped a veteran," Anna said, shaking her head. "There will be no clemency for us. We do not want it, regardless. As for your Holmes..." She laughed again, and I swallowed hard at the sound of it. It sounded like death, cracking and aged and careless. "You’re so certain of him. And yet, here you are.” She twisted her wrist, my revolver digging into my side.
That voice, that dark twin of my own, rose up again in my mind like a shadow. Its words shook me, rattling me to my marrow.
“I was tired, and so I slept,” Holmes replied, with that coolness which so often brought me to hair-pulling frustration. “And you have never denied me the bed of your shoulder before now, Watson.”
“Indeed,” Holmes replied. Immediately, he had set to inspecting everything about the scene with energy, kneeling beside the blood stain marring the otherwise pristine paisley carpet, pouring his eyes over the desk and jiggling with the bureau’s drawers. Eventually his attention drew to the broken window, where he hovered intently beside its shattered impression, mouth a moue of thought.
“Sherlock Holmes, sir. And my partner and colleague Dr. Watson.” Holmes stepped forward, tipping his head in greeting.
“Oh, bless, now there’s a tragedy. But we’ve both been there, haven’t we, John?” Thomas elbowed me and I fought a furious blush as Holmes lifted a slow eyebrow.
I said, endlessly amused, and laughed outright at the relief that crossed Holmes’s face. “But some…positive reinforcement wouldn’t be out of order.”
Abruptly, the fire in his words ebbed. "Then you and I found an understanding," he said. "You were proof I was not above such simple ties. That there was reward in connection, that I could find..." Holmes trailed off, and my heart hammered in my chest like a heavy door knocker. "A quality of life with another, vastly improved after a life of chosen solitude." A beat, and the aged pain in his eyes faded, replaced by something much more vivid. Something sharp and intense, pried open and lain painfully bare. I stood transfixed by him, staring like a man catching a glimpse of something secret, not meant to be observed by idle eyes.
I told him, and I became aware that I was weeping, dripping fat tears onto Holmes’s chemical stained desk.
“Stop right there, Doctor Watson,” Professor Coram said, voice as sharp as a dagger. His gaze moved to my friend and the Inspector, who had turned to statues in shock.
I failed this time to bury a smile, but ignored his comment in favor of reading the note’s squiggling scrawl aloud. “Dear Mr. Holmes.” My mouth twitched at the spelling of "Mistah" and "Homes". "I am writing because I need your help. Wiggy has told me you are a very smart gov and that you help...erhm, ‘youngins’ even when they've naught pence. Please can I meet with you and the doc at your...bless me, I do believe that word is intended to be ‘
“An experiment?” I echoed, and Holmes did not pause to explain, and I was helpless but to follow his trail back to the station master’s office.
Deliberately, Holmes stepped into the space between us, eliminating all but inches. “I have been lax,” he said. A muted, tender fondness glimmered in his eyes. “With my own welfare, true, but in other respects as well.” The corner of his slender mouth curled, and I felt my face suffuse with warmth as his head craned downwards towards mine. “I apologize, my dear Watson, for the inattention.”
“I highly doubt that,” I replied, through gritted teeth. The careless murder of a constable without hesitation or remorse burned in me, filling me up with a furious defiance.
“Like hell I won’t,” I snapped, cruder than I intended, but the very sight of him—face swollen in bruises, his chest wrapped beneath a thin linen gown, paler than death—incensed me to my core. “First the attack on Mr. Johnson and Ms. Winter, and now you. Christ’s sake, look at the state of you, Holmes.” His handsome face was marred with red contusions, which would purple and yellow in time. One eye had nearly swelled shut, and his bottom lip had been split open. The sight of his ribs when the physician had inspected them still consumed me, eating away at my good nature with poisonous teeth.
“An excellent question, my dear Watson,” he says archly. “I do believe our next client is a smuggler.”
Dr. Watson.” Her eyes, brown as chocolate, met mine. “You have a wonderful way with words, Doctor. The two of us found your writing to be terribly thrilling.”
“Neither,” I said quietly. My voice did not have the steadiness that I wished it did. “It was me, Holmes.”
I could, eventually, live with Holmes lying to me. Leaving me out of the loop, half blind and bumbling behind him as he had done so many times before. But I could not bear this. I could not live with this.
I echoed, and Hopkins nodded. Holmes gave a prickly hum over his pipe, prodding Hopkins not to dally in his delivery.
His eyes went wide, shining sapphire bright in the early autumn morning. “Yes,” he said, breathless. “There is.”
“A terrible thing,” I said quietly. “Poor boy. I wish there was something we could have done for him." I looked up at Holmes’s rigid mask. “But it was beyond our power. You enacted justice for him, catching his killers.”
“Watson," Holmes said, softly, plain. "I am a selfish man. The few things that I value, I covet. Before you, I did not hesitate to take what I wanted, nor avoid that which I believe I detested. But your friendship is more than I ever wanted from another soul. You are exemplary. Your meaning to me is singular. And you have proven me wrong, and so my mind demands answer to the question of whether it is possible I am
“You know how I require the consultation of my archives for research, it is only rational I should like to take a few, prescient articles.” I crossed my arms, and looking up at my visible disapproval, Holmes’s expression shifted. He straightened from his perch on the floor, a lean tower rising to meet my eyes. “However...As agreed, I will do my utmost to recuperate under your watchful gaze. I admit that this last case has left me...wearier than most.”
Holmes just looked at me for a wary moment, looking so exhausted and hollowed out that I had half a mind to tell him to go home, and explain the rest later. But perhaps, it would be better to speak of it now, and get the entire affair over with.
“Scotland Yard has also sent me back their reply,” said Holmes. “Lestrade is hardly pleased with the vague nature of our message, but he has moved on my advice with less.”
Hopkins’s expression flickered with defiance, but he was a better man than he was a swashbuckler, and so he followed the instructions, removing his irons from his belt.
“I understand it’s a distance. Your men will be paid for their trouble,” Holmes assured, lifting an eyebrow.
My gaze continued to trail numbly across our flat, across his things, items I could never bear to pack away. I couldn’t live amongst them, maintain a memorial like some haunted widow, but I could not...I could not just shove it all away out of sight. This was our home. Furthermore, I couldn’t fathom living anywhere else.
"God in Heaven, call me Thomas. Mr. Farrow is my father and if his name was uttered merely three times in a place like this I think he'd keel right over." Thomas essayed a rakish, youthful grin of his own. "I'll tell you what, I'll ask around for your Peter. I've been a member for even longer than our good Captain here and people trust me well enough."
Holmes bent his head in a rippling chuckle. “Mmm, forgive me,” he said, eyes twinkling, “you know how I enjoy building up to my deductions. The second vital clue my newfound friends delivered to me was much more revealing. The lover, Watson.” Holmes stepped closer to me, head bent with furtive delight. “If rumor is to be believed—and I do indeed find its sources credible—then Peter’s new lover is none other than the Circle’s owner.”
“Your intention to distract me from my ruminations is also quite opaque, my dear fellow,” he said, face clearing. “However appreciated, your concern is misplaced. I assure you that my silence is productive, not melancholic.” He gestured with a hand to his desk opposite him, and I saw that his microscope had been unearthed from its home in his bedroom and positioned next to an unfamiliar collection of yellowed papers. “I spent much of last night deciphering a new palimpsest I acquired from a fellow scholar at Oxford. He bargains its creation to early Rome but I found an inscription—the faintest imprint through layers of atramentum—that just might point to earlier Etruscan usage.”
to those dearest to them for years and disappear." Holmes swallowed. "I cannot...I cannot own your heart, Watson, not when I have treated it so poorly."
“Yesterday, a lady entered your study and took your knife from your desk, knowing it would be there. She entered Mr. Smith’s room with the intention to kill the young man, and to take something which resided in his desk cabinet. She stabbed him, and left the knife upon the floor. Despite losing her eyeglasses in the scuffle, she managed to shatter the bedroom window and flee towards the gate entrance. She managed this crime, sir, and managed the path in the dark, because she was familiar with this estate and the layout of its rooms. She was familiar with Mr. Smith and knew out of which of the guest rooms where he was staying. She also knew it would be safe, upon reaching the gate, to turn around and walk the path back to the house and around to the housekeeper’s cottage...where she knew, also, that she would be relieved of her soaking wet clothes and given time to wait for her opportunity to sneak unseen by others back into the house—and indeed, sir, into your room.”
“Hurry, Mr. Holmes!” Hopkins cried over my shoulder. I hissed air through my teeth, desperately prying away the panel concealing the false bookshelf's door mechanism. My worthless hands shook, fumbling on a task I could manage blindfolded and lame at any other time, in any other moment other than the one I was in, when I needed most to act swiftly. My perfect, practiced faculties had deserted me and I cursed their betrayal, that I should be so abandoned when the most vital person on this earth depended on their powers.
. We lived together side by side for the remainder of our days, partners in every way. And in the years that followed, we would occasionally return to the Circle for a night out. Each time, Holmes would never let me pass from his sight, and I refused to allow anyone to buy him drinks, no matter how well-meaning they were. If our nights together afterwards were in any way inflamed by challenge from outside parties, well—that was entirely our own affair.)
"Is it?" he asked helplessly. "I cannot say. I do not know, have never wished to know, but now I..." He trailed off once more, appearing to me as wretched and lost as a man adrift at sea. I found I could not bear to leave him there, and the truth tugged at me, emboldened by words which had untethered the soul in my chest.
“Sorry, old chap,” I said sympathetically. “But perhaps we need the break. It was only last week we settled that affair with that Huret fellow. Believe it or not, we are lucky that assassins do not come along every day.” Holmes snorted.
I was certain, could see it on his face and hear it in the tone of his voice, that he was going to apologize to me for something ludicrous, like not having seen the future before it happened. I had no patience for it.
“I have no evidence to prove it,” Holmes said guardedly, pressing his lips together. “But you know well what I think of
I spluttered, face burning, and Holmes continued in the same conversational tone, “And I suppose I can be encouraged to wax poetic on the unique and uncommon cerulean coloring of your eyes, and the reliable strength of your hands, and the alluring quality in your voice when you are concerned for my welfare or righteous in anger...”
My consoling smile faltered. Holmes’s voice, normally as steady as the tide, was suddenly fragile. His eyes opened to meet mine, and I was gutshot by the gloss of them, the anguish residing in their grey confines.
“I suppose there is no harm in that,” I allowed, grinning. “But I shall make you no promises, should he return and request you vacate his seat.” I found myself blinking in surprise at the words as they left my mouth. The idea of Holmes witnessing this interlude was like a bucket of ice water dashed down my back. What would he even say, if anything at all? Would he be disappointed I deigned to waste my time on flirtation, when we were here on a case? He was working, and meanwhile I was indulging my loneliness with wine and an amorous American.
Sitting in the living room was a slender young man, pale as parchment but unharmed, and Holmes, a bloody scratch on his brow but otherwise, perfectly pristine.
“One never knows for certain, but within moments, I shall tell you whether or not our Mr. Robinson has a larger part to play in this affair.
in my chest, hard and heavy with the truth of it. “But I fear what should become of me, if I hand myself to you, and your curiosity finds me lacking.”
The next morning found us at the only inn in the modest Evesham within walking distance of the train station. Holmes woke me in my twin bed—their double rooms featured beds regrettably too small for Holmes alone to stretch out on, nevermind for us to share—with a gentle, insistent shake to the shoulder.
Holmes’s eyebrow ticks upwards. “You may come to regret that invitation, Watson,” he says. I tip my head back in a easy laugh, and watch as his nerves visibly abate at the sound of it.
“There is no one that we cannot account for,” Hopkins continued. “It’s not an unreasonable walk to town. Anyone might stay there, take a train without being observed. It isn’t so small a township that the locals note every stranger, either.”
“Promise of compensation should renew your energy,” Holmes said. “But I would advise you concentrate your efforts to the docks and Ratcliffe parish.” At the latter, Wiggins’s nose wrinkled.
Breathless with terror, I rode hard to the edge of the bank of the stream and felt a dagger pierce my heart. There, I saw the toppled carriage half submerged in the creek, and there I saw Coram, soaked to the bone, hands wrapped tight around Watson’s neck and forcing his head beneath the rushing water.
“Have you made inquiries at the inns and local lodgings?” Holmes asked. His grey eyes were knife-keen below the brim of his charcoal hat as he studied the garden path leading up to the gate. I could see his ears were pink in the November cold, and watched as his breath puffed in white clouds over his woven scarf. It was a private acknowledgement that I found Holmes most fair when the man was in his element, hot on the trail of the case, and on this bleak, chilly morning, alabaster pale and rosy-eared, my friend looked particularly fine.
I cursed myself for not drawing my service weapon when I had the chance. But I had seen that weapon, aimed at Holmes, and acted out of instinct instead of logic. It was no wonder Holmes scoffed at emotions. I could have disarmed the Professor without hesitation, if my mind hadn’t been paralyzed with horror.
“But of course I hung it. It came with an autograph from the French president. I’m certain the walls are as proud of it as I am.” Holmes’s mouth twitched, frown wiped from his visage as intended, and I slid greedy fingers around the heated porcelain of my teacup.
“Indeed,” said Holmes, and the cat-like satisfaction creeping across his face had me quite certain he had pieced together much more of the puzzle than that.
“As you know, I have amassed much by way of knowledge regarding the criminal underworld. The Threadcap gang is a minor operation, young, with footsoldiers that are easily bought and even more easily followed. Good fortune has it that I possess a short list of addresses of their warehouses for their smuggling already, but I have had no reason to bring about their arrest—yet. I’d say now is the perfect opportunity to bring their safe houses to the attention of our friend Lestrade.” His eyes simmered with amusement. “He will be a darling in the press. He may finally earn that promotion that’s been coming his way.”
"So the murderer entered from the back door, and had to pass through the kitchens," I said, and my hand went into my jacket for my notebook. "Then, she had to turn left into the lower east hallway, enter the study to take the knife...then move back through the hallway to the next room, where Smith was staying." I paused in my scrawling, looking up. Not a linear path, by any means.
“You are the soul of empathy,” Holmes hummed, swinging the trunk doors closed with a triumphant smirk. “At any rate, it shan’t be all experiments. I look forward to meeting Reginald once again, his recent letters speak of chance for proper debate.”
At that, Holmes turned on a heel and glided out of the room, and I followed him without giving the dithering master a second glance.
the murderer have left the way she came? I wondered, struck. Hopkins looked similarly befuddled, and Holmes spun on a heel, looking once more towards the window.
“No, I’m sorry,” Ms. Tarlton said, shaking her head. Holmes rocked back on his heels, expression going stormy with thought.
He opened his mouth, no doubt to say something else uncharacteristically foolish, and I cut him off. “And if my memory is correct, you even tried to give yourself in my place.” I squeezed his hand once more, remembering how frightened and angry I had been in that moment. “I could have strangled you for that, you know.”
“…I understand,” he said, voice unexpectedly fragile. “I…I will be as honest as is within my power.”
“Yes, Mr. ‘Olmes,” Fred agreed, bobbing his small head. “Peter said he wanted to move us out of East End one day, someplace safer. I told ‘im I was a'right when he were workin’ but he did worry about me an awful lot, bein’ by meself at ‘ome.”
I rushed forward, intent to tackle the professor to the floor—anything to divert his intended aim—but the redirected steel barrel of a Webley stopped me dead in my tracks.
"Yes," said Holmes, and I felt my face freeze in horror. Holmes threw up his hands, face almost pleading. "No! Watson—do not mistake me. It is true that since you shared that aspect of yourself with me I....I confess it has lingered on my mind. I am—I am curious, you see—"
“Freddie,” Peter said, tears slipping from his dark eyes. “God, it must have frightened him so much. And he came to you?” Peter shook his head, amazed. “Such a sharp boy. Stubborn as Mum was."
“We weren’t bringing that monstrosity to every stop in the county train line, Holmes,” I said, rolling my eyes. “Whatever do you need a map for?”
Holmes chuckled, the wind tugging insistently at the ends of his scarf. “I will admit nothing. Surely after all this time, you’ve realized my own limits. At any rate, we are left with the same question, Watson. Where is the real train?”
” Holmes accused, storm clouds rolling across his countenance. “Heavens above, I thought they taught you to duck in the army—”
"Yes, thank you, Holmes," I said tiredly, and released a sigh that issued from some realm deep within myself. I rubbed my eyes and found myself migrating to my study, habit carrying me through bleariness. "Have you made any progress then, other than the creation of a most effective neighborhood alarm clock?"
