“But I wanna do it! Please just... don’t talk, okay? I’ll get there. I'll get there,” he whispered the last part to himself and leaned in again. His hands found their way around the muscular, hard body again. They went lower, and lower, and lower, and—
“H-Hi.”
“But it’s been done. Can’t change it. So, whatever.”
Days passed. Weeks passed. The genius was locked in his lab, and the only sentence JARVIS supplied them with was that he was alive and well. Steve took It upon himself to do something.
Rhodey finds him tinkering about in a corner, but as soon as Tony lands eyes on his best friend, he makes a run towards the man and hugs him tightly. Rhodey loves those hugs because they give the shorter man in his arms comfort and stability. Tony has always sought refuge in them ever since the first time he has experienced their warmth.
“Yup. He got Natalie Rushman a pretty necklace,” Natasha said as she walked into the communal kitchen where the pair of men were.
Tony cupped Steve’s face with both hands as he lunged in with passion and need—a kiss. Steve’s mouth moved along, following wherever Tony went. He felt Tony’s figure straddle his lap, and he couldn’t help the surge of pride he felt at the initiation of such a bold move. He didn’t let his hands dare roam through the man’s body, and Tony took note of that and wanted to thank the blonde man for being so patient, so caring, so kind, so perfect.
“You’re such a mother hen, Rogers,” Tony teased, but something about Steve’s eyes clad in fondness sent yet another surge of pain through the glowing blue.
before she left with the promise to visit him again tomorrow and trusting Obadiah to look over him.
They took the elevator up to floor #34, which was Bruce’s. The floor was much bigger than the other floors, with its ceiling much higher. It was a lab, each item safe enough for the Hulk to be around of. There was also equipment big enough for the Hulk to use. The lab looked much better than Tony’s own. However, with a press of a four-code digit to a screen on the wall, the counters turned into those of a luxurious, grand, and modern kitchen stacked with all the spices Bruce didn’t even know existed. Much like the lab, the equipment was safe for the Hulk and there were bigger versions of it for the green being to experiment with.
“Just... worried about this whole HYDRA thing...”
The occasional constrictions of his chest felt much worse. The sighs of agitation and frustration grew louder and much more frequent through the days. His eyes watered at night as he hugged a pillow close to his chest. The skin of his hands itched for the golden locks and porcelain, soft skin.
She walked over to him and greeted the bots. She sat right next to him on the floor and started talking. “Are you angry at us?” She asked.
Thor shot him a weak, genuine smile and nodded his acknowledgement. Tony went back to his lab to resume his work. If he had felt drained and on edge just an hour ago, he felt a mixture of sadness and relief all at once. Sadness for what Thor must be going through, and relief over the fact that he didn’t have to go through it alone. “Hey, JARVIS? Try to talk to Thor, okay? Keep him company and all. Maybe he’ll find it easy to open up to you.”
“Love you too, Peps,” he says as he rounds the table to kiss the CEO on her cheek, to which she rolls her eyes again, but with a smile this time around.
Steve couldn’t dislodge the punching bags due to their recent upgrade. They withheld so much more damage and strength no matter how hard Steve had punched at them. It was satisfying and not all at once. It was satisfying in the way that his muscles ached and burned as proof of his stamina and strength, and it was not in the way that Steve couldn’t quite stop. There was no release.
A few minutes later, Tony walked into the room again to let Steve know that they need to get going, and it was right then and there that Peggy’s mind altered its vision on who was standing before her. “Anthony! My precious boy!”
—and sees baby blue eyes wear a gloss that tugs at his heart and diminishes his lung capacity by a percentage much higher than it actually is.
Steve sipped on bitter coffee. He was uneasy, angry, and heartbroken.
“Alright,” Steve whispers. “I’m... I’m sorry.”
“Earth to Stark!”
Rape survivors, Steve has learned, often feel as though much of their liberty to make choices and decisions has been robbed off them. He used to not understand why Rhodey would always insist that his best friend chooses the pancake toppings he wants instead of throwing whatever toppings available upon being told “Whatever you decide,” or his insistence on giving the genius hugs somedays without asking while on other days he would ask if his best friend was okay with a touch as simple and as innocent as a hand on the shoulder. Now, Steve appreciates those things about Rhodey, and has taken him as a source of inspiration to learn more and do better. He knows that somedays Tony was too sensitive and hyperaware of a human’s touch to him. Other days, he would long and yearn for human contact, but never ask of it as to not “taint” whoever he comes to touch. He knows that somedays Tony felt incredibly small and vulnerable, thus threatened. Other days, Tony’s feet walked the ground steadily and his chin held high, and Steve didn’t know whether the brunet was coping or whether it was his way of screaming
He stood in front of the fireplace; the team of superheroes left sat behind him, their calls for him left ignored.
“What’s the matter?” Steve asked, worry evident in his voice.
“If... say I didn’t care, which I do. I really do, Tony. But... say if I didn’t. Would you have still considered therapy?”
“Try to keep him company. I’ve already set up another therapy session with him later on this week.” Rhodey’s eyes widened with pride. When the doctor left and Tony came out to the kitchen for a cup of coffee, they insisted he stays for dinner with them. He agreed under the condition that Rhodey would cook, and the Colonel had instantly started getting all the relevant ingredients he would need to prepare the genius’ favorite food.
“Sorry. Sorry about that. I just—”
“My point of reference is after Afghanistan as well,” Thor said as his face reddened with anger. “It seems that Obadiah did not stop his brutal act of violation even after Tony came wounded and weak.”
“Alright, alright. Jay, put all projects on hold and put the bots back to sleep, okay?”
he wondered.
“They didn’t let you in on her actual address?”
However, as Tony started to sweat, he took his jacket off to expose the tight long-sleeved shirt he had been wearing underneath. It clung to the contours of his muscles quite well and Steve found himself staring in interest. Somehow, his ears grew hyperaware of every grunt, groan, and moan Tony let out. He blinked a few times and bowed his head down to get a grip on himself, but by the time he lifted his head up, Tony had peeled the long sleeved shirt off his body, and Steve's mind grew fuzzy as all it could think of is how good Tony looks in that black tank top. His muscles were glistening with sweat, his hair has travelled in all directions, and his body just kept moving.
—he couldn’t help but stare into as his own spoke of how much they missed such sight. And if his lungs felt the ache of breathing much easier again, he didn’t dare complain. It was his medicine.
“I’m gonna go up there just to get a cup of coffee. Other than that, I feel really sleepy,” Tony said as his eyes visibly drooped.
“I’ll... be here. Okay?” Steve says as he sits on a bench. There’s visible distance between them that the Captain intentionally puts, and Tony’s confused, sick brain can’t help but think that the blonde must be disgusted with him. A sane part of his mind understands the Captain’s intentions of respecting his boundaries, but then the irrational part of his brain, which Tony favors most of the time, is screaming at him that he’s being treated like a weak victim.
Even his body, his broken soul’s home, was tearing him apart. Somewhere in the back of his mind amid all the screams and sirens, he wondered if he’ll ever find a home.
“I don’t remember you,” he whispered. “But you took something from me. And I’m angry.”
“Yeah, man. Thank you. It’s just my spy-senses be kicking in sometimes.”
He shut his book. "Sleep well, Tony," he whispered as he folded his arms over the table to rest his head upon. He took one last look at Tony before he shut his own eyes. "So we beat on," Steve whispered. "So we beat on..."
translation of italian words:
“You will miss them. Always. That feeling will never truly leave you alone. You might as well let yourself feel it now,” Tony said. “Grieve. Blame Odin all you want. Feel however way you want and let yourself feel it for however long you need to.” He reached his arm out to land a firm hand on Thor’s shoulder. “But please, for the love of whatever you believe in, don’t let yourself go through this shit alone. Please. If you aren’t ready to tell the team of this, I can always keep a secret. And you know where to find me, and if you don’t, just ask JARVIS.”
“Dude! Has anyone even ever won against you?” Clint asked in wild disbelief.
The engineer and the spy pointed at each other to speak of who started it first in unison, and everybody on the table laughed at just how childish they are being. Steve, however, was all infatuation and heart eyes for the childish brunet. He smiled a little wider when Tony batted his eyelashes innocently before flicking yet another bean at the red head, who opened her mouth to chew at it and stuck her tongue out when Tony whined. “Sore loser!” She exclaimed.
“Oh god, that’s true. I used to get sick every two business days. Every winter I’d just pray I wouldn’t slip into a coma or get too sick that I die.”
Tony blinked at her. “It’s… whatever.”
He only ever cared about the media when they broadcasted news on Gulmira, which was evidently getting less to no coverage ever since his last visit to the town. Although it doesn’t help him sleep any better at night, he still felt ease lighten his heart to check in on the town and see the people live better. It does, however, tug at the shrapnels around his flesh to know that they would’ve been living much better if it weren’t for his weapons and his contribution to the US Army propaganda.
He thanked the will power that prevented him from breaking his progress of months and months of sobriety upon hearing the news alone. Thankfully, he has mastered the arts of keeping it together on the surface for far too long, and right now, he was drenched in terror and panic, but his eyes didn’t spill a thing. He put his hand over the steering wheel, driving himself closer and closer to a hell he pathetically thought had been escaped.
“Is he really, Clint? Is he intimidating or are you, you son of a bitch, intimidated? Huh?” Rhodey seethed. “He sure as hell doesn’t look so above you now. Does it really have to take him to fucking kill himself for y’all to fucking care?! So when I, his only friend, am not on time to save his life, it’s a fucking robot that does? When he fucking lives among not one or two, but five super-fucking-heroes!”
Bruce held onto Tony tightly as he nuzzled his head against his neck and cried. Natasha held her breath as she anticipated Bruce doing the wrong move of telling Tony about everything that they now know about him. She looked over to Steve, Thor, and Clint, who were all seated on a large lounging chair next to the bed, and they seemed to share her same unspoken concern.
apologies for the delay. i've been dealing with shitty writer's block, but i think im back on track now!
The Avengers didn’t want to celebrate Christmas when it came and didn’t set up a tree the night before despite JARVIS letting them know that it was perfectly okay to do so. However, when they woke up and made their way to the communal floor, they found it decorated in gold-red-green lights, a newly installed fireplace that held socks of stockings to each member, even for Thor who wasn’t around yet, mugs of hot chocolate placed on the coffee table, and a huge Christmas tree standing in the middle of the spacious floor. Under it were stationed bots who woke up upon the entrance of the team ready to hand them their gifts.
A sixth punching bag dislodged out of its hanger, and Steve marched to the next one. He designed them all according to Steve’s strength because he heard the complains about how they never handle his brute or strength and always rip open. Although these bags don’t rip open, they do dislodge, and Tony had promised that he would fix the issue.
The team mindlessly went through picture after picture until Natasha caught a picture of what came off as an innocent family photo posing in front of a Christmas tree. Various people were in the frame, and she easily recognized Peggy and Obadiah. That’s not what caught her attention, however. Tony’s face did. His eyes looked glossy and the skin surrounding his left one looked slightly discolored from oxidized makeup. His smile didn’t stretch to his eyes, and his stance looked quite defensive. It didn’t settle right with her, but she figured perhaps he was probably upset that day and let it go.
“So? Innocent people die while the Avengers kick ass, and nobody calls you bastards ‘terrorists.’ Besides, that’s kinda rich coming from the Merchant of Death.”
Tony groaned yet again as he laid his head on the pillow and shut his eyes tightly in pain. He can’t sleep the day off, but the idea did sound quite attractive. His head felt incredibly heavy. “Just... Fury will be mad.”
, and Steve can now see that Peggy was indeed a much needed influence.
Which ultimately made them smile.
"Sir, Captain Rogers is approaching the laboratory. Should I let him in?" JARVIS asked.
“I’m sorry, friend,” Thor whispered before his hand pressed on the arc reactor and blue sparks started emitting from it. “Thor, what did you do?” Steve asked as his eyes widened in terror when the genius inhaled a sharp gasp before his body turned slack and his eyes shut.
“Nah. Clint’s just dumb,” Natasha said from her seat.
“Your closet has comfy clothes,” Natasha said and made yet another bubble.
“I always saw that place on TV growing up. My dad used to watch those interviews of Howard’s in his house with his jaw on the floor,” Clint shared. “Can’t believe I'm gonna see it in real life! Might pay my old man a visit just to tell him all about it. Not to mention how I’m dying to see your room.”
It took killing him and spending two weeks alone with Rhodey, whose eyes widened in horror when a heavily drunk Tony casually told him he misses the sex with the deceased man, only to spill more and more information and confessions a sober version of Tony would never speak about how it all started when he was sixteen. Rhodey sat him down for a long, long talk that started off with,
Tony slowly but surely got better with confronting his past, aligning himself with his emotions and feelings, standing up for himself, and most importantly, giving himself validation. Sure, the weather gloomed and rained occasionally, and some nights were much stormier than others, but he knew better than to simply pray the rain and whistling wind away. He had figured out that his healing process had truly started with him the minute he simply knew better.
Somehow, paparazzi caught onto them and chased after the car. Tony noticed. “Might as well get it over with,” he muttered under his breath and pulled out his signature obnoxious sunglasses from his jacket when the cameras approached as he stopped at a red traffic light.
“Tony? Please say something. You’re worrying us.”
“No. He said no, so don’t,” Natasha said. “Or I'll tell him.”
, Tony’s lips
“I saved him from himself.”
Thank you for reading! Feedback is greatly appreciated :)
) in an inquisitive manner upon the presence of the Captain. Dum-E tilted its arm down as if to look at its sleeping creator in the Captain’s arms and started whirring fondly before walking away towards the coffee machine. Steve’s brows were raised to the roof as he watched the bot prepare a cup of coffee and whir frustratingly when YOU accidentally poured motor oil in the mug. YOU lowered its arm in shame and whirred sadly, and Dum-E started the coffee machine again upon bringing another mug.
“Tony?” Steve spoke with a fondness in his voice that Natasha noticed was reserved only for the billionaire. Tony didn’t answer in fear that his voice would betray him to reveal just how much of a wreck he is. He drew a shaky breath as he flipped the paper around so they could read what he wrote.
“Meh.”
“She might forget whatever conversation you’d have and cry over seeing you again even though you were right in front of her for some time. Go with the flow and don’t confuse her,” Tony said as Steve drove. “She might start recalling events differently and might start to think she’s somewhere else. Sometimes she gets scared. If that happens, just hold her hand and keep talking to her about something else. She’ll soon forget why she had been so scared in the first place.”
He also absolutely had to get discharged because the press had been breathing down Pepper's neck with all the other work she had to keep up with.
“That’s because he is,” Tony said and made his move. Clint scoffed and made yet another move. “I’ll have you know I am one of SHIELD’s most favored assassins and an excellent spy.”
“Shut up,” Tony rolled his eyes as he blushed.
“Shut the front door! This is so cool!” Bruce exclaimed as Tony carefully placed the triangle piece of glowing metal in an arc reactor. He slid his hand under his tank top to take his poisoning reactor off and exchange it for the new one, and gasped as soon as he felt his heart beat easier than before.
“What’s wrong with it? Is it broken or something?” Natasha asked.
“Did I stutter, Captain?”
“Don’t matter,” Tony turned his head around to look at Steve again. “He’s here.”
And when Steve goes to the kitchen to get a drink, he’d fly a paper airplane to him with the message
The rest of the team were walking around the floor excitedly touching everything before JARVIS chimed in that they had more gifts by the tree to unwrap, and they bolted to the elevator to get to the communal area again.
he thought.
“You were my friend,” he heard Steve whisper miserably, and as he peeked his head, he saw Steve look at the picture with heavy hatred plastered on his face. “You were my fucking friend...”
“Lithium dioxide,” Bruce says. “It’s a temporary fix. We still haven’t figured out how to properly cure you. No one understands the arc reactor better than you, which is why you need to fix this.”
“Bingo. You really are a genius, huh? Or perhaps a really good murderer?” The man smiled at Tony. “They didn’t just divert from the contract. They killed our men back there. We're running out of weapons to ship over to them. They fucking knew this. So they fucking killed our men and got their loot. We had to send out a message, a warning.”
“—gen. He should wake up any mi—”
Tony, however, seemed to always avoid conversations about anything that revolves around his health, whether that be physical or mental, and he'd find clever ways to change the topic or shut the conversation down immediately. The Avengers stayed patient and refused to pressure him. They figured that the therapy sessions would be able to get to him once he starts attending them. For now, they worked on keeping him safe and under their warm care.
“I’ll join in with Clint and Nat,” Bruce smirked mischievously as he shifted his seat slightly towards the spies.
Still, it sent his troubled heart into a frenzy of panic. The man had not only demanded that he speaks to Tony Stark and no one else, but that they be alone in the interrogation room the whole time, or he won’t speak at all.
“Take my blazer off.”
Finally, it was Steve’s turn to speak. The look etched all over Tony’s face as he locked his eyes spoke volumes, and they were all words the soldier could hear.
“You would’ve loved her. She was young and full of life. Even when she got sick, she was still on the move,” Steve let out a breathless chuckle as he remembered how his mother refused to stay in bed because
(See the end of the chapter for
They continued watching on until they finished the season. After that, Tony ran off to the kitchen to grab two pieces of toast. “JARVIS, can you call the Captain up here? Tell him it’s an emergency.”
The floor Tony has designed for the god was the hardest to work through. The theme of it was that of space, which Tony struggled not to have panic attacks over as it reminded him of the New York battle. Instead of installing a telescope, the windows themselves have been designed to function as one big lens of said device that zooms into not just the solar system, but of the nine realms, as well as displays various information of whatever he clicks on. An eyepatch was given to the giant man as a piece of nanotechnology that would help him see through the galaxies and stars. There was also an installed stand for Mjolnir that charged its electrons, giving it a great boost upon being used in battle. Generally, the whole place looked like it belonged to NASA, and Thor had smiled brightly as he praised the engineer.
Two more days until he can happily hop his way out of this prison in luxurious disguise. Two more days until he can go to his bots and his precious JARVIS and his haven of a lab and not come out of it until the world is in shambles. Two more days and he’ll drink as much coffee as he wants instead of shoving one sleeping pill after the other just so he could sleep the days away. Two more days and he’ll be able to have his mental breakdowns and practice his self-destructive and borderline suicidal tendencies without worrying about the team witnessing it.
He has seen Tony for what he truly is. Of course, it wasn’t a deliberate act of Tony’s, Steve just happened to catch glimpses of it here and there. He caught the many internal battles Tony had as he held on tight to a bottle of scotch during sleepless nights in the kitchen, before emptying the glass into the sink and resorting for coffee instead. He caught the man on phone calls with orphanages promising to deliver money, toys, and better security systems every month. He caught the man teetering on the edge of panic and terror whenever the room got too hot (
Tony knew nothing but rage. All he saw was the yellow room, the yellow sunflowers, the chunks of rubies, the golden frames, the maroon silk, the pearly whites of his father’s smile, the navy blue of Obadiah’s suit, the long and narrow staircases, the long and narrow hallways leading from one cave to another, the dirt on the mattress, the red on his hands, the red on his hands, the red on his hands,
“What if he—”
JARVIS' voice came through shortly after. "Welcome home, Sir," he announced, and his voice exerted much more emotion than he remembers programming into him. "I'm glad you're back. Otherwise, who would donate me to a community college if you're not around?"
Truth be told, his anger and resentment did exist, just not towards them—not towards anyone but himself. Natasha seemed to understand that and tilted her head for Tony to talk. But he didn’t.
"I'm sorry, Tony. I'm sorry I never saw the good in you. I'm sorry I let my training and work get in the way of building a genuine friendship with you. I'm sorry," Natasha started, and Tony was taken aback at the genuine emotions her emerald eyes exerted. He nodded awkwardly in acknowledgment and shifted his eyes towards the next speaker: Clint, yet again.
“Somewhere I clearly don’t want you to know about.”
“Tony—”
“You are vel-come,” she says with a nod.
If they hadn’t watched those tapes, they wouldn’t have treated him like this. If they hadn’t known, they wouldn’t have excused his behavior instead of insulting him. If they hadn’t watched him breakdown, they wouldn’t have considered him human.
your feedback is always appreciated. enjoy reading!!!
Tony sighed and stepped back, suddenly feeling incredibly raw and exhausted. Steve sensed it and asked if whether he should unlock the door or not.
He had bad days, and he most probably will always have those. But he never had bad days alone.
“I don’t know. This can’t be right. He... might have been just angry or upset that day? But Jesus fucking Christ this... this isn’t right!” Steve sighed in frustration as he looked around the room, his eyes landing on Natasha who was sporting furrowed eyebrows. “You look like you know something we don’t”
“You don’t wanna be. Please Tony. Please don’t…” the words hung in the air for a solid minute, but Steve has had enough of not saying what he wasn’t comfortable with, because what he wasn’t comfortable with was often the reality of things. “Please don’t kill yourself.”
“Oh my god, that’s hilarious,” he said in between laughs. “Have I ever told you that in my mind you are always Natalie? I used to feel so bad for thinking that, but now I'm patting my intuition’s back.”
“Bruce, I will literally buy you Gordon’s kitchen if you want. Besides, don’t act like you don’t take note of the creative insults we come up with,” Tony said.
He tries to smile for her, but the curves of his lips give him away, and he frowns against himself.
The rest of the team got up to check on the Captain as well and saw him sat on the floor by a box as he went through what’s in it. Photographs and papers were neatly separated in boxes, and Steve was currently going through the various photographs. He went through each photo slowly, as if anything faster than such pace would be offensive. He traced over the faces of Howard and Peggy. He was quite shocked to see photos of Tony as what can’t be past the age of five wearing a Captain America shirt and smiling up at Peggy who was knelt to be of his level of sight, a man of slender figure who Steve didn’t recognize holding Tony up with a bright smile on his face. Steve smiled.
Tony tugged on his hoodie to follow him to his room, and as soon as they were inside, the genius locked the door. Steve wasn’t sure what to make out of any of this, but he figured the wisest thing to do was to allow Tony the liberty of doing whatever he wanted. He stayed stood where Tony had guided him to, and waited until the genius spoke.
“That... other form of payment you were talking about. What was it?”
"The people of Alfheim. They refer to you as Earth's Defender," Thor smiled, but Tony's panic was escalating.
“Like hell we slipped... But it was worth it.”
"Hey, Tony? I think we need to talk."
“I already draw things like you told me to,” Tony frowned.
“I don’t even know, man,” Rhodey sighed. “I mean. He seems to be doing okay? But then again he has always looked okay before shit hit the fan.”
“No. Leave.”
She nods once with a grimace, and he figures she knows who he is all too well now. “Thank you for doing better.”
“Tony?”
“Guys, I promise you, I’m fine! I just did hard drugs and got drunk beyond repair. Plus, I had about a gallon of coffee that day. Not a really good combo, y’know? But I'm fine!”
Steve glanced over to Tony who grimaced before plastering on a paparazzi smile. “Told you I'd do it, Peg.”
Later that night, Tony decided against sleeping and stayed around for a movie, per Clint’s request. He watched with heavy, sleepy eyes as Clint and Bruce argued over whether they should watch yet another Star Wars movie or a documentary. Steve sneaked from around them to get the remote controller and put on a smug smile when the two men groaned in defeat upon The Great Gatsby playing. “You and your boring literature remakes, Rogers,” Natasha muttered.
“Cap?”
“Tony, please—”
“Uh... yeah, holy shit, yeah,” he said as his cheeks blushed.
Tony watched on with a wide smile on his face as the Captain tried to get himself out of the awkward situation, and he felt his own cheeks heat up when Steve shyly made eye contact with him again.
They gathered around for dinner just in time for Thor’s arrival, and fell into lighthearted banter before Natasha’s phone rang. The team fell into a heavy silence when her eyes narrowed and widened. Tony’s guts twisted as he anticipated the worst. “Romanov? Everything alright?” She didn’t answer. Instead, she hung up and immediately ran off to the living room where she opened the TV, the team following closely behind.
“Stay,” Steve’s muffled voice pleaded. “Stay forever.”
“JARVIS, you here?”
“Then… what do you think?”
They ate the chocolate goodness and exchanged casual talk, but the elephant in the room insisted on declaring its presence, and Tony actually wanted to address it.
thank you so so much for reading :')
“You bet,” Tony said as he stepped out of his best friend’s embrace. “I missed you.”
When the call was over, Tony excused himself to the lab and promised Clint to not take long. “I’ll be here in time for the show. Don’t you dare start it without me.”
he thought.
“Since when are you guys are all sweet and polite?”
“I just wanna understand why you did it,” Fury finally said.
“Easy. He totally exposed the king piece,” Tony said.
“What’s Hell’s Kitchen?” Steve asked.
“I believe you have slipped. But do not worry, Man of Iron. I have prayed the god’s of Asgard to heal you, and surely my prayers fell on attentive ears. You just ought to wash the blood away,” Thor smiled.
A broken sob escapes the brunet’s lips. His shaky hands reach for the soldier’s chest and gently lay flat atop him. “I-I’m so f-fucking s-sorry. I d-didn't mean an-anything I s-said. P-Please don’t b-be mad. P-Please d-don't...” he chokes on a sob. “P-Please d-don't leave.”
“Steve? Steve match my breathing. Come on. Inhale, exhale, inh—nah-uh, not like that. Just follow me, okay?”
, when all he could smell was
“I could handle that, no worries,” Steve grinned as he wiggled the fingers of his right hand, and Tony rolled his eyes as he jokingly punched at the soldier’s chest.
“Yes?” He answers, but his eyes don’t look at the Russian redhead.
It was moments like these when Steve tried as best as possible to show support and rain reassurances down on the brunet. It was easy to do so and in no time. Tony was smiling again. Of course, Steve knew a thing or two about pushing the dust under the rug, but he also knew that Tony wasn’t necessarily a huge fan of speaking openly about his feelings in front of an audience, so he would wait until they were alone in the lab and give him words of encouragement and reassurance. Slowly but surely, the brunet would start to speak, and Steve would listen intently.
“No, zip it! The adult is talking!”
“That’s a first,” Rhodey muttered under his breath, but they all heard him just fine. He walked to the smart pad by the lab’s door and punched in a code that granted him easy access, but before he walked in, Steve landed a firm hand on the Colonel’s shoulder. “Please let him know I need to talk to him.”
Tony’s coughs and wheezes escalated, and he found himself leaning on his hands despite his kneeling position. His body was getting weaker and weaker. He was pretty sure he was going to lose consciousness any minute now and braced himself for it, but not before he crawled his way towards the chair he has been forced on his knees in front of countless nights, and with the glass shard he held onto in his palm, he put all his remaining energy to tear through it and pull at its wool and fabric.
“Yeah, yeah. But I got an important meeting right after. You heard the man. So I’m not gonna stay for long.”
Tony took time to progress that. He was flattered, but he felt his shoulders sag under the weight of his shame and self-hatred. Here he was trying not to panic over simply stargazing and trying not to lose his mind over recalling childhood memories.
“Tony, can you just—”
“As I have said, these contracts have been issued and manipulated by the former CEO Obadiah Stane, not Mr. Stark,” Pepper explained through the phone. The TV reporter nodded in response through the screen. “As CEO, he held a lot of power in his hands. Really, all what was needed out of Mr. Stark was a mere signature, which Mr. Stark would not have signed if he knew the contracts were heavily manipulated.”
“Steve?” Natasha’s voice comes from the other side of the door. “Steve, Tony’s on his way back here. Be out soon.”
“You mean what did Obadiah do to you. The thought of just merely touching you, let alone fucking you, didn’t cross our minds until he suggested it,” the man said with a casual shrug. “Obadiah whored you out.”
“Steve, the legend, the American icon, and symbol of honor and nobility. Will he be the first to win against the genius, the billionaire, the philanthropist, the one and only Iron Man?” Clint continued.
“I love you,” Steve whispered between sobs. “I’m so sorry. I love you so much.”
“One floor away from his,” Natasha whispered and winked at Steve.
Worst of all, he thought, was that he got put on display yet again. He couldn’t stand the sight of Steve’s sad baby blue eyes. He felt like burning his skin off.
“Tony, I never said—” But Steve's voice is drowned out just as it was when he hit the cold ocean.
With that being said, Tony grabbed his tablet and started going through paperwork. Occasionally, he would glance towards the man before him and see him sport the same dissociated state. Until Tony went to put a hand over the arc reactor as it became a habit of his to do so, and Bruce flinched violently before settling down again.
“Thank you,” Steve whispered as he looked up to the ceiling. “Thank you so much.”
The floor was designed to look like a field, and he didn’t dare step into the grass when JARVIS told him that it was real. The place smelled of flowers and the windows displayed nothing but a blue, cloudy sky. The dogs who were barking and running around were now running to him and tackled him to the floor. The archer giggled and petted the Golden Retrievers until they wiggled their tails happily and licked at his cheeks. “How did he know? This place looks like heaven!”
“I was conditioned to love you, y’know? I was raised to love you. Aunt Peggy always spoke of Steve Rogers, not Captain America. She always spoke of you as someone separate from the Captain that you are. I looked up to you. I wanted nothing but to be like you. But I was never good enough to be someone like you. You were a high bar Howard set for me. And I continued looking up to you. I idolized you. I loved you. You saw the tapes. You saw my room. I was dying for you to be found. Literally and figuratively. Because everybody spoke of you as some sort of savior, which you are. So I always thought to myself, ‘Why isn’t he here? Why isn’t he saving me?’” Dum-E was close by, and Tony fiddled with its clasps when he spoke again. “You heard him. In the tapes. He told me you would be proud of me. He used to say stuff like that all the time whenever he got... violent. At some point, he used to always tell me you would kill me. I was eight years old when he told me that for the first time. I believed him.
The next clip played, and the Avengers realized that Tony must have compiled these videos in one tape. However, someone was holding the camera this time around.
“Clint, you are irritating,” Natasha joked as she went to check out the photos too.
Halfway through, Clint accidentally fell asleep on the couch by his side, Tony got a blanket to put over the archer and watched him snuggle to it and sigh in his sleep. He smiled to himself and wished his friend a peaceful sleep. And as he walked to his lab, he came to learn that he didn’t necessarily need someone to perfectly understand him, he simply needed someone who put in the effort to.
Steve notes the icy, biting tone of the genius, and decides to backtrack. “That’s not what I’m doing, but I can always leave if you want me to.”
“Is that so?” Pepper said, but Tony could hear her calling bullshit on that just fine. “That’s funny. Because the British AI Empire aren’t conducting meetings now. In fact, they haven’t conducted any meetings for months now.” He sighed loudly through the phone. “Where are you, Tony?”
“You are, Tony. Be gentle enough to yourself as to give this time. Trust the process.”
“No, no, you don’t get to walk away now. Contrary to your belief, you are not the center of my universe. I have bigger problems than you. But you constantly pissing the government off because you wanna play with your toys? Trust me, you don’t wanna become one of my bigger problems. Not to mention how that palladium poisoning—”
He nods to himself. Of course, it would be his own words and ideas that end up biting him, no matter the good he thinks he’s serving. From the corner of his eyes, he could see the Captain fiddle with his hands nervously. “Don’t watch them. I don’t think... I don’t think it would be good for you to.”
“What if I never... what if...”
They all got comfortable in different positions whether it be on the couch or on the floor. Tony did not mean to get too comfortable, however. Especially not as comfortable as to easily rest his head against the Captain’s lap. The last thing on his mind was the hot coffee that spilled all over his shirt as he drifted off to an uneasy, restless sleep.
When he finishes his food, he gets back to work. A few minutes later, quinjets land and open to reveal the Avengers. The people of the town cower away.
“JARVIS?” Bruce asked.
He makes the mistake of peeking in the lounging area separated from the living room and he winces as his head assaults him with images of an angry British woman shouting at his sixteen year old self
was looming around his head.
Tony refused any help when it came to fixing the arc reactor. Steve had tried to help by lifting heavy objects to where Tony would want them to be, but the genius threatened to kick him out. “You can sit around and watch but other than that, don’t do anything. And don’t give me that beaten puppy look of yours, I'm not changing my mind.” So Steve let out a loud puff of air, and marched back to a bench where he continued sketching. Tony quickly took his shirt off to reveal a black tank top he wore underneath, and Steve had to force his eyes back on his sketchbook before he embarrassed himself. He knows that now’s not the time to be expressing his infatuation and what not, and he doesn’t mind it. As long as he gives Tony the time and care that he needs, he’s a happy man. He considers it a privilege that he’s been given the chance in the first place.
Such a simple statement that sent shivers down his spine. He marveled at it and at the baby blue eyed man who said it. He needed to hear this sentence way too many times, but instead was always told the opposite of it. He still didn’t quite trust the statement, but it did feel nice to hear it echo through his skull. It was a breath of fresh air amidst all the panic and terror in his mind.
“Today’s just not my day.”
“It’s a long story,” the man smiled.
Steve winces as he recalls the altercations from a day not as far behind them as the soldier might have thought. “Tony, I wasn’t aware of what I was truly saying back then and—”
“Of course I’d come to see you,” Steve whispered.
“Tony, I promise you—”
“Cheer up, buttercup. Who knows? Maybe you’ll get lucky,” Tony teased as he set up the chess board.
Tony’s concerned eyes continued to inspect every inch of Steve’s face, and when Steve gave a weak smile, he took in his right hand to kiss the soldier’s palm. “You’re not okay, tesoro. How about I take you out, hm?”
The pained grunt that escapes from the figure under him snaps him out of his thoughts, and his fisted hands unfold and shake as they drip with blood. Hands are on his biceps dragging him out of the room, and he doesn’t quite process any of it. His vision blurs the world and his ears muffle the voices around him, and he smiled.
“When shall we face off in an epic virtual basketball battle?” she asked with a smirk.
“Yeah, good. I’m keeping his car here. I’ll park it in the garage for him. SHEILD agents are gonna pick me up, if he asks about it,” Happy said with a smile and waved goodbye.
Fury doesn’t smile often, but when he does, it’s usually over something as heartwarming as seeing a cursive font invite him to the Nicholas Charity Fundraising gala.
Tony rolled his eyes but blushed anyway. She bent down to his level to peck his cheek, and he closed his eyes to relish in the gentleness of it. “Good night, Antoshka.”
“Huh?” Steve whispered.
“Colonel,” Steve hiccupped. “We’re gonna do whatever it takes to do right by him. I promise you we will. We... we didn’t realize we care about him so fucking much. We were so fucking horrible to him. God, I was so horrible.”
Rhodey was conflicted and uncertain of what he should do. Every time he walked into the lab, he held his breath until he saw his best friend working and tinkering about. Alive and glowing blue. For the first time, he found himself at complete loss on how to deal with Tony, and he was Rhodey. Tony’s Rhodey. The guy who knew of the billionaire better than anyone else in the world. And when Rhodey admitted his worry over his best friend with no suggestions of a solution, the Avengers looked horrified.
“Is he alright?” Bruce asked when he approached Steve.
Tony’s heavy tongue couldn’t quite cooperate, so he nodded. He couldn’t help but feel a surge of anger and shame wash over him because he genuinely thought he was getting better. Why is he still having those mental breakdowns? Why is he still so weak?
The lab’s light dimmed to almost darkness, nothing keeping it lit but the glowing blue emitting from Tony’s chest. JARVIS shut everything down, but in a moment of hope, he left the doors open.
“Wha-” Steve blinked dumbfoundedly.
“No. I just need to see her,” Steve said as he shuddered. “I need to know she’s okay. This place... looks like she doesn’t belong here.”
“You’re not,” Bruce whispers.
“I want you safe and sane and happy. That’s all I truly want. Whatever else comes with that is just a bonus.”
For the rest of the day, Tony handled various phone calls from SHIELD, Fury, businessmen, Pepper, and audio interviews on various matters concerning the Avengers; Natasha was busy stacking playing cards that she packed with her into a pyramid; Clint parkoured around the grand mansion; Thor and Bruce conducted various playful experiments revolving around Thor’s Mjolnir; Steve was determined to fill up his sketchbook with various sketches.
“You muted me last night, remember?” JARVIS said teasingly. “Besides, it sounds like a delightful surprise now.”
“No. No I'm not fucking alright and stop fucking asking that.”
At some point, Natasha came down offering help and was shut down. She sat around for a while reading a book next to Steve, and then played a game of virtual basketball against Butterfingers. She demanded JARVIS that she be named Virtual Basketball Lord on the score board after she had broken Tony’s high score. “JARVIS you follow with that and I swear to god I’m donating you to the nearest community college.”
“Is this what this meeting is all about? Can I just go now?” Tony feels agitated and uneasy, and he’s realizing that time is fleeting and
He urged himself to look up at Steve—
And it’s hard. It's hard to come face to face with you after all those years and be constantly arguing with you and for his words to not ring a bell. I’m always anticipating it. I'm always anticipating you ramming your shield straight through this thing and shutting it down for good,” he pointed to the arc reactor, and Steve shuddered. “It’s wrong. Because you are not like that. You are good. Talking to you for just the few minutes we would have before an argument breaks out makes me feel good. Learning new things about you outside of the bedtime stories Aunt Peggy used to tell me or the history books I read or all the things he’s told me... is good,” Tony feels
“—gular. He needs oxygen and—”
With that being said, she threw a punch, and Tony's reflexes avoided it just on time. "Good," she praised. "Now let's practice some more."
Steve could hear steady thuds from his room, but he mistook it for the throb in his head. However, the thuds grew louder and quicker, and they were accompanied by pained grunts.
“He’s probably worried about the tower and what happened to JARVIS,” Bruce suggested as he wandered near the fireplace. There were pictures of Howard and Maria Stark hung above. Young, carefree, and rich. There were multiple pictures of a pregnant Maria Stark in what seemed to be a professional photoshoot. Howard was nowhere to be seen in at least one of these photos.
under abuse land on his shoulder with a loud thud.
“Tony, I’m incredibly grateful for the effort and thought you put into ensuring our safety. Thank you,” Steve said.
“No. Leave.”
“S-Steve...” Tony gasped, but he was sure the soldier wouldn’t have been able to hear him. He reached desperately for the arc reactor, and successfully was able to get a hold on it, but his hands shook badly to be able to put it in his chest. He didn’t register when did Steve enter the room or when he took a hold of the arc reactor and told Tony that everything’s gonna be okay before inserting it in the genius’ chest, who gasped in relief upon seeing it glow again.
In his head, he was constantly cheered on for his decision. It made sense. He had worked nonstop for the past few weeks to ensure nothing would be affected by his departure. There were countless updates to the Avengers' suits and weaponries. He had built various War Machine suits for Rhodey to inherit. An official contract of passing his ownership of the company to Pepper was issued; it was just waiting for her signature. All his money was divided equally among orphanages, funding students’ projects and researchers seeking a cure for cancer, various organizations to end global hunger and homelessness, and organizations in the Middle East to help reverse the damage inflected by the US army, civil wars, and terrorist attacks. Not to mention how the Avengers were bound to receive their fair share of millions of dollars.
A couple of heated moves were made, and most chess pieces out of the board were Tony’s. The four other members of the team were quiet as they watched intently. It seemed that Steve was truly going to win this time around, but the calm and collected look on Tony’s face said otherwise.
Tony pauses to smile at the Captain. The Captain frowns.
“Oh my fucking god,” Tony’s irritated tone laces with his words. “Don’t fucking say that.”
“Hey, Tony,” Steve whispered.
“I’ll tell you what, Hannah Montana, we go a round against each other right after dinner. If you win, you’re granted your wish. I win, you don’t get shit.”
They did by his orders and watched as a thin beam of laser shot out of a machine. Tony kept stirring a wheel around for the laser beam to finally meet a brick of metal set up in the middle of the ring. It glowed brighter and brighter, and JARVIS counted down the time it would take for the laser beam to shut down from there.
“I think I need therapy.”
Tony nodded. “I’m sorry.”
He doesn’t let his mind wander around that thought or delve into these memories again. Especially not when Natasha takes a seat next to him and talks to him in a low voice while everybody else prepares food and coffee.
Tony and Natasha went on arguing lightheartedly over the rules of their upcoming game until Tony childishly flicked a bean her way. She glared at him and picked the bean out of her hair to flick it back.
“Is this the reason why you didn’t want me to say it?” his voice is nothing above a whisper, but Tony hears him loud and clear.
He drops to the floor as he bites down on his hand to keep from sobbing loudly. Here he was approaching his thirties and still wondering whether Obadiah raped him or not. His broken, filthy mind always loved to tell him that it can’t be rape when he had enjoyed it so much, and not when he became a notorious playboy off it. But a fraction of his mind loved itself enough to point out that he was sixteen, mentally unstable, and almost always drunk and high on drugs until he couldn’t remember his name. And even when Tony wasn’t drunk, Obadiah has memorized and studied Tony’s body enough to know what would instantly give him a hard-on and what wouldn’t, and he always made it his mission to turn Tony into a babbling, pathetic mess.
“Penny for your thoughts?” Steve said as he beamed at the genius, who suddenly found it incredibly hard to maintain his glare.
He watched as Steve’s steady hands unbuttoned the buttons of his shirt slowly and carefully. Once the shirt was unbuttoned, Tony shook the fabric off him. For a solid minute, all he did was stare at Steve’s eyes. He felt naked not in the way that he had no shirt on, but in the way that displayed all there is to him: weak and weary with efforts of chasing after normalcy.
The team erupted in laughter at that. Clint calmed down from his laughing fit to say “Yup. You really are the coolest AI ever. Created by the coolest guy ever.”
“JARVIS, we just wanna—”
“Is that so?” Rhodey asked around a mouthful of doughnuts. “You’re not even giving yourself time to check in on your progress.”
With more time, came more progress, more exercises, more slip-ups, more learning, more coming to terms with who he is and how he is like and why he is who he is and why he is like what he is like. He was still not ready to confront Steve with his feelings for him and the feeling of fear and how the image of that goddamn poster hung above his fucking bed still haunted him, but he was starting to find a sense of comfort in the Captain’s touches and was able to shut down the screams in his head of how much
But this was the something that everybody goes through that changes them—something that becomes the juxtaposition of who they are now and who they were before, and Thor wasn’t immune to it. Thor trusted the genius to see who he is now, and although Tony felt emotionally drained, he did somehow find it honoring to be trusted that way.
Clint absolutely loved spending time with Tony. All he ever did was laugh and learn cool science stuff, which he learned is called Physics. He had come to learn that him and the engineer shared quite a similar music taste, and often linked his playlists to Tony’s as he napped in his cloud-like vents.
“That they shut down the company’s branch. Yeah, we know. We were the so-called ‘construction workers’ Obadiah hired. We don’t quite like taking orders, honestly. And Obadiah couldn’t really say no to us. Not when we threatened to tell you everything.”
“My point is, if you wanna celebrate, go ahead. Tony won’t stop you and he wouldn’t want you not to do whatever you want. He just won’t be a part of it. And you could ask Tony himself,” Rhodey shurgged.
The room was silent after that. All of them holding their breaths except for Tony, who was giggling lazily against Steve’s chest. Steve was incredibly worried and didn’t know what to do. Does he talk? Does he stay quiet? Does he hold the man tighter in his embrace and tell him that the world doesn’t deserve him?
Now, the red lipstick worn by the woman before him gave him much comfort, and he appreciated the fact that she wore it almost every session. She never forced an answer out of him, but she had a way with words that helped her gain enough vital information on his mental state. Although in the beginning he was paranoid over her reporting back to SHIELD of his state, she had eased his worries quickly. “I won’t tell them of what you don’t want them to know.”
Tony got up early the next morning after his sleep was interrupted by yet another nightmare. He sighed heavily and scratched at the skin around the arc reactor, which despite it being almost nine months since Afghanistan, still irritated him from time to time; not to mention that his lung capacity has greatly diminished, and he often found breathing more of a difficult task rather than a natural bodily phenomenon. And if random pangs of pain came upon his heart, he blamed his lack of sleep and poor diet, but not the shrapnels that were dire to mince his heart if it weren’t for the glowing blue technology in his chest. Now, however, all his heart complications served as a distraction from his current situation, and weirdly enough, Tony found himself grateful for it.
“I used to come here with a bottle or two and get drunk out of my mind. Back when I was some angsty teenager. You’ve seen it...” Tony said as he sat by the soldier. “So ignore whatever weird shit you might come across.”
“Howard?” She whispers.
Steve thought.
“Don’t be. It’s not your fault.”
The Avengers weren’t quite convinced by that, Tony concluded. However, he could see that the green tint all over Bruce’s skin was absorbed back into the Doctor’s skin the more he spoke and the more he joked and teased around with his science bro. The rest of the members watched on fondly as Tony scooted the Doctor over so he would lie properly in the bed to calm down, but he stayed sat up, just closer to a safe, and alive Tony.
They had to keep it together for Tony, whose car was pulling into the driveway. Natasha hurriedly carried the box of tapes to the study room, and Clint turned the TV on to some random channel and feigned normalcy. Thor shoved his hands under his thighs and sighed heavily. Bruce tried to sit still, but his legs were shaking. Natasha’s face was as neutral as ever, but Steve saw the slight crease of a frown by her lip.
“Man of Iron, I don’t recommend you be left alone at such time. Allow us to share your pain,” Thor says.
Once they had reached the interrogation room, Fury left off a couple of pieces of advice and let him know that he will be monitoring through the comms as well. He was given an earpiece and Steve’s worried look.
Bruce’s eyes skimmed over the glowing blue arc reactor, then over Tony’s face. Alive. Breathing. Glowing blue.
Tony shook his head and sipped on his coffee. “Nope. British AI Empire. That’s it.”
Tony who deserved patience and reassurance, and Steve who swore every night that he would give him just that.
“As he should,” Tony answered as he chewed on rice. “Alright, I’m gonna be on my way.”
"That's flattering. Really, it is. But I'm no defender. I'm just a man in a can," Tony said with a shrug.
“I’m sure it is, love. But priorities, innit?” He fakes a British accent that comes out sounding much like
“Look what I found,” Steve’s voice was fond and soft. “There are pictures of Tony in here.”
The obedience of his four-year-old self wants to nod frantically and whisper a respectful
“Sir, wake up. It’s currently 7 AM, and Fury is demanding a meeting in two hours for you to entirely ignore,” JARVIS said, but Tony was too deep in sleep to react. He just groaned and nuzzled his head against the broad, warm, comfortable chest he laid his head upon. The fabric of Steve’s shirt was soft and smelled of clean cotton and—
“Captain America,” Tony whispered. The begs weren’t said, but they were heard, nevertheless. “Leave.”
“He’s having a panic attack,” Bruce pointed out. “His face is covered. Get him off you so he could breathe!”
The bottom of the screen displayed the same date: The night before Christmas.
“Yeah, okay. Can we get this over with already? I have a meeting in an hour or so.”
“Alright. There are just two more tapes and—wait. One’s labelled for Howard. The handwriting’s just smeared off a bit. Which one do we watch first?” Clint asked as he held both tapes.
(See the end of the chapter for
No one ever speaks of the loss a suicidal person feels claw at their chest when they attempt, only to wake up the very next day. It's a dread that creeps into his mind like bugs crawling up his body to infest his rotten brain, and he can't quite shake them off as they pinch and bite. It's like building a tall pyramid just to watch it fall into ruble and debris, and the Pharaoh's curse of eternal agony echoes through the walls of his skull. He feels hallow, empty, and lonely. The Avengers and Rhodey surround him by his bed, and he wants to cry out in misery because they feel twice as far.
Rhodey nodded once, then stepped in and the doors shut right after. The rest of the team sighed in defeat and left off to their floors.
Steve resented that, but now he understands it.
Late at night, and a few hours into his work, Tony received a message of an attached document from Thor. He opened it, and a hologram of gold-silver-red castles built on a realm came into view.
Of course, someone was outside his lab, and he profusely wiped his tears and anger away and patted Dum-E in gratitude before sending him back to his station. He expected Steve to walk in with his sad baby blue eyes and soothing voice and welcome arms, but it was Natasha. She wore one of his band hoodies and black sweatpants. It has been her thing for months now, wearing his clothes. He never knew why she did it, but he didn’t mind.
Pepper tapped her fingernails against the coffee table. Tony couldn’t help but notice that her red nail polish is chipped.
“Leave me alone.”
"D-Don't call me that. God, why don't you fucking understand? C-Call me selfish. Arrogant. S-Stupid. A machine. A wh-whore. A narcissist. Not f-fucking recommended. Anything! Don't be fucking sweet to me now. D-Don't call me your sweetheart now," he sobbed into his hands, and the monitors by his bed were enough to tell them that they were putting him under enough stress, just like they always did. The only difference is that they could see it after it had not just slapped them in the face, but spat on them too when he said:
“I know I can do all of that,” Tony said quickly. His head bowed down and his figure hunched in on himself. “I know. It’s just hard. And I don’t know. I don’t know anything at all. I just... I was just...”
“Peachy,” Tony coughed. He got a piece of paper and pen out of his jeans’ pocket. His hands shaking and his eyesight blurry as he wrote down the plan.
“Tony,” Steve’s tone is stern. Commanding. Authoritative. Tony freezes. “I don’t think any less of you because of what I know about you now. I promise you. What I know about you has only merely helped me understand you and your actions better. Do you understand?”
"I have always had much respect for you. Much like our Captain, I was clueless on the whereabouts of this realm and its ways. You taught me so much and I’m forever grateful for what you have given me of knowledge and a home here in Midgard. My dearest apologies to you for my moments of disrespect and ignorance of your pain,” Thor said.
When Steve walks in, he looks just as lost as a deer in the woods. It conflicts his mind to see Captain America so full of emotion and so human. Nothing like the poster hung above his bed. Nothing like the description Howard had given him. Yet, he can’t help but fear the Captain sometimes. And right now, he’s petrified.
“Ay, my friend. Since a young, vulnerable age. And it seems that the men of Afghanistan did so, too. Recent memories were on the front seats of his mind. I know they were recent because images of his wounded chest were displayed in his time of—”
"In hand to hand combat, you must train your eyes before your hands. You gotta understand that my hands or whatever weapon I could be holding is only a distraction," she said as Tony set his eyes on her instead of her fisted hands. She gave a satisfied smile and continued. "Your real and true problem is with me, not my fists or whatever weapon I could possess."
They took a turn to some sort of gate decorated in a camouflage of green leaves. Tony moved a few leaves out of the brick wall to reveal a screen that recognized his handprint. It greeted him as it displayed his name and the gate of leaves parted enough for them to enter and shut right after.
He saw as Tony’s skin grew cold under the touch, and how his lips were devoid of color. He let his tears fall as he pushed the electrocuting device over Tony’s chest again and again. No heartbeat. No glowing blue. No sound piercing through his ears but the flatline and Rhodey’s screams and the Hulk’s roars echoing in his skull.
“I’m not gonna sit here and give you a lecture on why you need to go or the benefits of therapy. We knew you wouldn’t take up on it. But SHIELD being SHIELD, they didn’t listen. But here’s the thing, no one’s gonna force you to go. This is the kinda thing that you just gotta be ready for to approach. I’m just here to tell you that when you’re ready, I know great therapists who would do whatever it takes to help you. You just gotta let me know.”
“J-JA’VIS?” he croaked out. “Y’here?”
“It’s a foreign object. Your body’s still not used to it and trying to reject it,” Bruce says more to himself in realization.
“Absolutely not, Wendy’s.”
Although this issue was up for mostly SHIELD to take care of, the media and the American government didn’t stop from there. They kept pushing the narrative of “Can Tony Stark really be trusted as Iron Man?” to which Colonel James Rhodes answered the senators and generals with “You do realize this is an issue that another man should be blamed for, right? The only real problem here being that said man is dead. Iron Man will always outweigh the liabilities. We are far past explaining this again.”
“Yup. The guy loved you, y’know? I’m pretty sure he would want you to have them, even.”
Tony raised an eyebrow and then stuck his tongue out at the Captain. “Is that better?”
“I hope you know I tried,” he whispered into the darkness and closed his eyes.
“Obadiah hurt him too in the same way, didn’t he?” Steve wasn’t sure if he spared Thor the trouble of saying the word, or the trouble of hearing it himself.
“Damn right,” Tony said with a smirk.
“Shut up. Just... leave me the fuck alone. I need to know.”
Although the duration of his session was up, he requested an extra hour in which they talked of safe, healthy ways he could cope by. She suggested taking care of pets
“Don’t worry about it,” Tony waved a hand and finished his cereal. “Bruce, you feeling better, honey bear?”
This was the fifth punching bag he had dislodged from its hanger. On any other day, he would’ve been satisfied, but today he’s desperate and angry. The team had noticed it, and Natasha had taken up sparring with the man until she got a call from SHIELD to do some paperwork. Then Thor came to the gym area, and after a few minutes of sparring, the god winced at the memories of Tony’s that still haunted his mind and admitted so to the Captain. Bruce and Clint called up on them to join them for dinner, but Steve told Thor that he wasn’t hungry and stayed behind to dislodge more punching bags. If he were in any other gym, the punching bags would’ve been knocked off in a few seconds, but Tony had designed these punching bags to take on more damage.
Because that’s how Tony is. He finds out about the tiniest details and pays them much attention and effort. Steve has always noticed such quality in the brunet, but he always tied it to his knowledge of mechanics. Surely someone who notices how the smallest of screwdrivers could jeopardize the function of a machine, then he would easily notice the faults of anything outside of the field as well. Right?
“Your reckless behavior reminds me of him. My son. He did a lot of what you did. Lived life on the edge. It cost him a hefty price. I lost him too soon,” Fury muttered bitterly, and Tony’s wide eyes and tight frown were enough to speak for him. “I could care less about headlines. I just... I worry it’ll kill you one day. The media’s constantly talking about you. The government has tied our arms behind our backs and is not giving you a break. I can’t help but worry. I know I’m sometimes harsh on you. I just don’t know how to get you to stop. I’m sorry.”
The scientist glared at the archer and promised Tony that they’ll wait for him, and the genius left off to his lab with a smile.
“Read this,” Fury throws a file his way, and Tony catches it and flips through the papers in a haste.
“I won,” Tony said.
With a desperate cry, he surged the electricity right over the arc reactor, and let out triumphant cry when a heartbeat echoed into the room, and that lovely shade of blue shone like a beacon of hope. The doctors took over from there yet again as Bruce sobbed in disbelief. He didn’t even process being pushed out of the room and meeting the Avengers’ bloodshot eyes again.
“Then congratulations. You are not a Stark.” His eyes blinked at her with a glint of love and warmth. The same love and warmth he has for Rhodey, for these were the only two people who know how he’s like and how to love him not in the way that suited them, but in the way that suited him. He wanted nothing but to reach out to her and hug her tightly and smell her signature floral perfume, but he wouldn’t do that to her. It’s enough that she’s sat closely by his side. She’s pure, beautiful, and intelligent. He didn’t want to taint her by his touch.
Steve stared at the fallen king piece in awe. His jaw was open in shock and he looked up at a smirking Tony who sat on the golden-framed chair like a true king. Steve shook his head in disbelief and chuckled. “Well played.”
“Tony, you’re—”
“I’m not him. I’m not the Steve Rogers he has told you about. I’m not, Tony. I’ll never be,” he whispered as his eyes wore a heavy sheen on them. Tony got up again and continued to look fondly at those baby blue eyes. His right hand went to cup the soldier’s soft cheek again, and when a single tear rolled over the soft skin, Tony’s thumb rubbed it away.
He’s grown too familiar to the genius to know so much about him. How he’s like when he’s nervous, sad, scared, happy, and how he drinks his coffee.
Nothing warmed his poisoned heart more than realizing that the Captain has been with him all afternoon, and celebrating along with the bots and AI the results of the compatibility check:
“Come with me. I wanna show you something.”
“No,” he answered. “Not as much as I would like to.”
“I am, in fact, the coolest AI ever. Your thoughts don’t change that,” JARVIS replied.
“I don’t know if you realize, but you’ve become a problem. A problem I have to deal with,” Fury says as his voice escalates in volume, and Natasha get out of his frame of sight as he just listens to the incoming boring lecture.
for Steve’s sake. They didn’t fail to notice that there were no pictures around the place of a young Tony Stark, but only pictures of the Stark couple. Finally, they stopped right in front of his room. “Right. This,” he pointed to the door frame, “was my room. You do not under any circumstances enter it. You hear that? It’s locked, but I know it’s nothing a bunch of superheroes can’t break. Nevertheless, I do not want any of you in here. Please. I never say please, so this should be enough for you to realize that I really don’t want you in there, okay?”
“Can you please talk to us?” Clint says.
Steve suggests that they leave to the meeting together, but Tony urges him to go before him and to tell Fury he’s gonna be late.
They went on for a few more minutes. Tony was a quick learner, although a few of Natasha's punches had come awfully close.
He had tried to recall the various exercises his therapist told him of. They worked sometimes. All he had to do was get a grip on reality. But how could he do so when all he could see were
