I hope you all enjoyed the story 🥰
"I have no idea what I'm doing, honestly."
Luckily for Cas though, half angels do... or at least half angel babies do. His heart swells with love looking at the precious bundle in his arms. With pink cheeks, big eyes, and perfect cupid's bow lips, Eli was beautiful. Such a calm and content baby, he charmed everyone he met. To Cas, it was obvious there was something otherworldly about the small boy; he can't even remember how often he's been told Eli must be an old soul because of the calm way he stares into people's eyes.
After dinner Emma stands on a chair and helps Dean rinse the dishes while Cas loads the dishwasher. No one is ready to say goodbye just yet so, Dean invites Cas to stay for a movie. He switches the laundry to the dryer, and Emma heads to her room to change into pajamas. She fusses about wanting Dog but settles for her shark, making another nest on the couch as Dean scrolls through their movie options. He doesn't want anything too fast-paced with bedtime looming in the near future.
Dean turns with a snarl in his throat to find a pimply-faced Alpha who couldn't be a day over 16. He was scrawny as shit, too, and Dean's pretty sure he could take the kid with a single good punch. Why did it seem like Alphas were born stupid? Except Sammy of course, but that was because Dean raised him right.
The late November air sends a chill down Dean's spine, and he stamps his feet in a vain attempt to keep his toes from going numb. The Novak kids are huddled next to him in jackets so puffy, poor Honey's arms are stuck out from her sides like a little penguin. It would be hilarious if Dean himself wasn't freezing his nuts off. He's really got to remember to get a heavier jacket. At least today was the last school day until after Thanksgiving break.
At this point, Castiel was warm and his stomach was crampy, but he had hours before his temperature would spike and the clawing need to be mounted would overtake him. The doorbell ringing throughout the room breaks him out of his thoughts, and Cas rushes to answer the door.
"Yeah of course Dean. Of course."
So here he was, answering phones and scouring through a mountain of books in between bathroom trips and snack breaks with swollen feet and a neverending longing for coffee.
The day Anna had shown up a little later than usual with three excited kids and a bag of magnets from the dollar store, Castiel's first emotion had been guilt. He should have thought of putting his children's art on the fridge. Honey Bea had been so happy, she couldn't stop talking about it for days. The boys had been just as excited, and quickly the surface of the shiny stainless steel appliance had been covered over.
Dragging himself out of bed, Cas slips on his boxers and makes his way to the bathroom. He empties his bladder and brushes his teeth, noticing that Dean had found the spare just fine as it's sitting used next to the sink.
the IT guy," Cas chuckles nervously.
The Alpha just smirks and shakes his head.
"How about you sit here next to me instead, and I can give you a hug."
"Sure thing, Em. It was nice to meet you, Cas. I'm sure I'll be seeing you around." Sam and Emma wave goodbye, but as soon as his brother’s out of Castiel's line of sight, he catches Dean's eye and mouths "He's cute, go for it". Sam only laughs and keeps walking away at the death glare that Dean sends him.
The rest of the day passes uneventfully. Dean carries in the bags, and Emma wakes up before he's done, and they change her room from princess to sharks. Dean packs the princess stuff away in the linen closet until he can figure out what to do with it. They make a picnic lunch to eat while they sit under the shade of a willow tree in the backyard. A blanket under them with peanut butter sandwiches, fruit, and pretzel sticks spread out in easy reach. Dean had gone with a classic pb&j, but Emma had turned up her nose until he managed to coax her into admitting she preferred pb&honey, which honestly Dean found a little weird. It just sounded so thick and sticky.
Dean blushes, but Cas doesn't give him time to be self conscious as he makes quick work of his own t-shirt and dives in to claim Dean's mouth once again, letting out a soft whimper at how good it feels to be pressed together skin to skin. Dean's hands trail hot down his spine, his fingers digging in just hard enough to leave nail tracks down Cas' back. When he reaches Cas' ass, Dean grabs on with both hands and thrusts up into Cas who can't help the needy sound he makes.
"You fly."
"Ahh, fuck!"
"Oh my sweet boy, isn't it obvious? You let me love you. You let me coddle you and care for you and help take care of that baby like you were mine. All my life, I've taken care of others, not because I had to but because I wanted to. Ever since my Steven, God bless him, passed and the kids grew up and moved away, I was drifting through my old age with nothing to tether me to the ground. Until you and Vada showed up and gave me a purpose again."
Shit how was he going to keep it together for his brother.
"Honestly Sharon, I haven't even really thought about dating. I'm just so busy right now getting ready for my show and working at the studio. It's not like there's anywhere to even meet someone in this town. You know I don't care for the bar scene, and I'm not in school anymore, so that pretty much eliminates all my options around here."
They stay that way, leaning over the arms of their chairs while they hug, until the backdoor slams open. Vada's been playing in the small patch of grass they call a yard most of the morning, but now Dean can hear her stomping down the hall. Mrs. Butters pulls back and cups his face gently, wiping away a stray tear.
Some of the photos are as big as posters while others are no bigger than postcards, but all of them seem to focus on local landmarks. Wildlife captured through morning mists and golden sunlight along with photos of the surrounding mountains. Onion Mountain, Table Rock, Mount Ashland, Dollar Mountain all mounted on the wall for people to gaze upon with wonder. They were beautiful. Dean's been living in southern Oregon since he was barely a teenager, but it's easy to forget the beauty that surrounds his everyday life. But Castiel must see it all the time. It was clear he had a love for his craft.
Cas blushes as he remembers the night they'd stayed up watching movies in the family room after the children had gone to bed. There was no school the next day because of Martin Luther King, Jr. day, and Cas was off from work, so they were indulging in the rare time they had to themselves. They had started out just innocently snuggling in front of the tv when Dean had needed to shift to accommodate his leg. They ended up with Dean stretched out on his back with Cas settled between his legs and laying on top of him chest to chest. It was nice, especially when Dean had started running his deft fingers through Cas' thick dark hair. In the lull of the credits while Cas tried to work up the will to move and put in a new dvd, the snuggling had shifted into light kisses, which had quickly grown into making out like horny teenagers.
Cas reaches over to clasp his hand and Dean tries to remember the breathing techniques they had learned together years ago. It was a strange, out of body, feeling to be on this side of giving birth. How many times had he said the same thing to Cas? Now it was Dean that needed the comfort.
The birth had been surprisingly simple. As much as Castiel's body had changed to accommodate Eli, outwardly his parts had all stayed the same. They had kept close track of the weeks and when the time had come and Castiel had started to have real contractions, there was really only one way to get the baby out. Dean had pressed a kiss to the hunter’s forehead, knocking him out, and when he opened his eyes next, his body had returned to normal and Dean was standing with their son in his arms and tears in his eyes.
Everything stops in that moment. Dean's heart, his thoughts, his body all freeze as he processes Castiel's words. His Omega is pregnant? Pregnant with his pup. The pregnancy isn't as much of a shock as the fact that Cas showed up to tell him in person.
, that was…" Dean trails off as he stares into Cas' eyes and he can't help but agree. Dean nuzzles into his side and squirms until Cas wraps an arm around his shoulders, and he can't help but chuckle as he drops kisses to the top of Dean's sweaty head.
The sound of Dean's laughter lingers as he walks away to find what their son is getting into.
Dean presses him down to the bed and Cas' mouth goes dry, leaving him to nod dumbly as Dean chuckles and scoots down the bed to finish pulling Cas' pants off, quickly followed by his boxers. Cas shirt was somewhere on the living room floor. Dean practically rips off his own clothes before settling between Cas' knees. Castiel can't look away from the sight of Dean nuzzling against his thighs as his work-rough hands circle his cock to pump him to full hardness. Dean makes a little hum of approval in the back of his throat and licks his lips.
There is an intense pressure, then suddenly a soft cry, tiny and full of displeasure, fills the room. Cas and Dean both have tears streaming down their faces as Daisy greets the world with the same enthusiasm as her Papa before his morning tea.
"I-," Dean's mouth snaps shut mid reply. He quickly thinks back to his previous run-ins with the Alpha and realizes it's true: Dean never told him his name.
"Condom?" Dean pants out.
Adam and Sammy come spilling out of the house, both grumbling about being hungry and awake so early. Luckily for Dean and their nonexistent budget, the school provided free breakfast and lunch to kids in low income homes. With John gone, Dean figures he could probably apply for food stamps as a single Omega, and as long as he doesn't mention Sammy or Adam, he shouldn't raise any red flags. It wouldn't be much for just him, but it could be the difference that keeps them fed versus turning themselves in so they don't starve.
Dean glares, "Don't hold your breath, Alpha."
His eyes are hollow and his throat dry. He can't stop his leg from bouncing up and down.
Cas is so ernest that Dean can't help but to give him a small fond smile and nod his head.
Dean follows at a more sedate pace. Watching his mate swing Matty into his arms and peppering little kisses on the giggling boy’s face. A disgruntled squawk from the backseat has Cas laughing and setting their son down to pull Daisy from her car seat. Matty runs to his Daddy while Cas blows raspberries along his daughter's tummy, making her squeal with laughter. Bobby is getting the bags from the trunk, and Dean has never felt like a luckier Omega in his life.
This baby was part Dean and part Castiel, and that was all Cas needed to know.
"Never, Cas," he says fiercely. "I would never regret tellin' you I love you. You and those kids mean everything to me."
"I'll take the deluxe print set and the calendar package."
"What?" Sam's eyes were as big as saucers as he took in the rather large bottle of lube on the dresser. Castiel admits he may have gone a little overboard with the size of the bottle, but it was necessary and he figured better safe than sorry.
After getting dressed and making some tea, Cas had settled on the couch to relax and maybe talk his mind back into sleeping. He's only half way through his tea when he hears a shuffle from the hallway. Emma comes around the corner dragging Dog and the blanket from her bed behind her.
"It just takes practice. Would you like me to give you a few tips?"
Dean types in Castiel's info with a grunt before pushing off in his roly chair to a stack of boxes behind him. After digging through the pile to find the serial number assigned to Castiel, Dean stands up and turns back to the counter looking up and making eye contact for the first time. Castiel audibly gasps -- even with his face half covered by a black mask, it was obvious that Dean was a beautiful man. His forest green eyes and sharp jawline are the only defining features Cas can really see, but they're enough to bring a blush to his face. Dean smiles under his mask for the first time, and Cas' breathing picks up a bit at the crinkles that appear around those gorgeous eyes.
"This is him, who's askin?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Almost half an hour later after getting himself ready, helping Emma brush her teeth and hair and then waiting for at least a solid eight minutes while she insisted on putting on her own shoes, they were finally ready to go.
"It's a dog costume! Found it at Wal-Mart."
"Uuggh…." Dean felt like he'd been hit by a truck. There wasn't a single part of his body that wasn't sore, but when he looked at Cas, all he could see was wonder and awe in his husband's eyes.
For three agonizing days Castiel waits for Sam to think things over. He can't concentrate on work, so he adds a few miles to his daily run but still feels keyed up throughout the day. He even tries going for a massage, but after 45 minutes of some of the best-trained hands in the city, Castiel feels like he left more stressed than when he arrived.
"This is Victoria Hernandez with Florida State Child Welfare. I have a very important matter to discuss with you. Is this a good time?"
The phone clicks before Dean can even respond. In all the years he's worked here, Mr Adler has never called him to his office. With a stomach full of dread, Dean pushes back his chair and stands. Several heads turn to watch him as he walks through the cubicles toward the large corner office Adler has claimed for himself.
With his daughter in his arms happily munching on her cookie, Dean walks back to the living room to plop down on the lumpy sofa. None of their furniture matches, because Dean had had to piece it together from thrift stores with what little money he had at the time. For the first three months of Vada's life, Dean slept on an air mattress, until Mrs. B. had found out and insisted he take the bed from her spare room.
On Thursday, Dean tackles his office. It's been long enough since he last cleaned up in here that the memory of the last time he organized his desk is fuzzy at best. It takes hours to go through all of the old paperwork he's let pile up, and more than half of it is able to go into the shredder. He tests every pen he comes across and tosses all the dried up ones. He sorts his paperclips by color and boots up his old monster of a desktop computer to organize all his files by subject and date. He blasts all his favorite music and sings along loudly and mostly off key. He ends up getting distracted playing solitaire on the computer until 1:00 am before dragging himself to bed and falling asleep.
Cas makes a choked off sound and throws his head back into his pillow. Dean wants to swallow every noise that comes from those plush lips. Dean leans in to capture Castiel's mouth with his own, slipping his tongue past kiss-swollen lips and licking the taste of wine right off of Cas' tongue. His hips start to move in earnest now, the drag of Cas' fat cock on the soft walls of his insides enough to make him tremble. It felt like Cas was carving a place inside of Dean just for him, leaving Dean's insides permanently molded for his use.
Dean groans into Cas' mouth as he works the button on his jeans with frantic hands. He’s not really sure how they ended up here in Cas' room, the blue-eyed man blushing when the door opened to reveal a messy bed and floor covered in laundry. Not that Dean gives a shit -- he's not interested in the room beyond finding the bed.
That thought has him breaking away to give Cas an apologetic smile.
Cas practically leaps from his seat to wrap his arms around his friend.
"Jesus Christ, what the fu-
"The only reason I ask is that our records show that Mr. Winchester is currently on suppressants, and it takes at least 60 days just to work them out of an Omega’s system."
His mate leers at him with a wiggle of his eyebrows, but he breaks into a laugh a moment later.
Sam's arms wrap around him.
"And I told you I would take care of you."
Cas pulls out so fast, it leaves Dean seeing stars. He rips the condom, off sending it over the side of the bed without a second glance. Dean manages to summon enough strength to lift his head and watch as Cas falls forward, bracing himself over Dean with one hand while the other strips his cock, chasing his release. Cas' blue eyes are dark and wild, his bottom lip trapped between his teeth, until finally, finally his eyes slip shut and a half-whimpered "Dean" makes it out of his mouth as he comes all over Dean's stomach. It's hot and makes Dean's skin twitch with each new drop. Dean threads his fingers through Cas' hair and hauls him down for a kiss. Cas stays hovering over Dean's body through the shuddering aftershocks of his release, big hand still pumping over his cock until every last drop has made it onto Dean's stomach.
"Oh...okay, did you need some help?"
"Dean, I'm telling you it's not here. I don't know how else to say it, but I'm looking directly at the screen, and there
to kiss his boyfriend
Today would be the day though, Dean could feel it. The ache deep in his gut, the flush of his skin, his scent strong enough that even Adam was wrinkling his nose at him. Once, late at night, while cradled in his Alpha's arms, Dean asked Cas what his scent was like for the Alpha. Cas had run his nose along the smooth line of his neck, pulling in deep lungfuls of air.
Sharon was waiting on the back porch with a pitcher of cold lemonade and a deck of cards and, despite feeling tired, sore, and sweaty, Cas happily sits across from her to play a couple of rounds of gin rummy. He's working half an evening shift at the studio, but he'll be done early enough to hit the golden hour down at River's Edge Park. This year has seen some new ducks with beautiful unique markings, and they're so tame from so many kids feeding them, it's easy to get up close for photos.
So he decided this summer would be his "experimental phase".
"Don't cry, sweetheart," Dean peppers little kisses along Cas' forehead, his temple, the corner of his mouth. Cas' hands grip tight to his shirt as he buries his face against Dean's chest, a small sob escaping his lips.
Castiel blushes, actually blushes, like he's not balls deep in Dean's ass, and it just makes Dean want to kiss every inch of his face. Bracing his hands on Cas' broad chest, Dean gives a little roll of his hips, letting out a gasp as Castiel's cock brushes against his prostate. He starts off slow, letting his ass adjust to the stretch with little figure-eight rolls. Cas is losing it under him, hips thrusting up in little aborted moves as Cas tries not to let loose and just slam fuck Dean into unconsciousness. It's hot to see how much control Cas has over himself.
"Right, sorry, I just thought you might be interested."
it. Dean leans in to press a soft kiss to Cas' lips. It's nothing but a chaste brush of warm skin against skin, Castiel's lips slightly dry and chapped from sleeping with his mouth open, but it's still world changing. Growing up, Castiel never dreamed of a sweeping romance or a torrid affair. He never fantasized about loud public declarations or dramatic secret rendezvous. No, all Castiel ever wanted, ever dreamed of, was this. Quiet mornings, late nights, soft kisses and easy smiles. A simple life, made profound because of the people in it and the love they share.
"I've got the laptop set up over here, if you'd like to sit down. Would you like something to drink?"
Dean gives a wave to Cas and Matty on the porch swing as he goes by with the mower. He still can't believe that Cas said he wanted them to date. It felt so good not to be tip toeing around his feelings anymore. Although with the exception of telling Kevin, they did tone it down around the other residents.
Dean sits on the bed by his side so he can slip an arm around him and help support the slight weight of their daughter.
It had just never occurred to Cas to display their art like that. His parents’ home was to be kept immaculate at all times. Every item had its place, and that was where it stayed. Art was considered frivolous and a waste of time. His mother never would have entertained the thought of tainting her perfect kitchen with such frivolities. Cleanliness was, after all, next to Godliness.
It's been six blissful months since he gave birth to his daughter, and tonight was going to be the first time either pup slept away from home since she arrived. Cas felt anxious about it. He wasn't really planning on having Daisy away from him so soon, but as long as he's nursing he can't take suppressants, and his first post pregnancy heat was already starting to hit.
Gasping, Castiel flails awake. His hair is plastered to his forehead with sweat, and his heart is beating so fast, it feels like his chest might explode. He takes in deep breaths, greedily gulping in the cool night air. It was just a dream. A
"Are you ready to make some Shepherd's Pie?"
"Hey be careful kiddo, or it's going to drop. If you're not hungry just--" Dean doesn't get any further, because Emma looks up and her angry eyes lock onto his right before she shoves her plate hard off her lap, sending the food scattering across the floor.
Taylor happily rings him up, they schedule their next appointment, and Dean walks away with a still sleeping Emma.
to tell Cas about what was happening. Castiel, though, was infinitely patient and simply waited.
They talk easily about their week, and Cas tells Dean about the invitation he received at his show to do a two-week river tour for an excursion company who wanted pictures for their website and promotional flyers. They moved around each other in a rhythm that felt natural and like they'd known each other for years. By the time they were sitting down for dinner, Dean was already wishing the night would never end.
"Oh, well I mean I was a little surprised, but it's okay. I was actually going to tell her no, so it's probably good you said something first. I'm still pretty new to all this."
Dean can hear the tears in her eyes, but he's too angry to care.
"Right, okay, well the kitchen is stocked, so eat whatever and if you want to order in, my card info is on the fridge. Please allow me to pay for any meals you'd like ordered in. Um, so I'll be spending the majority of my time in my room. You'll only need to knock when it's time to hand over your...um, the cup, when it's time to hand over the cup."
"You were bleeding so much Cas. They had to take you in for a caesarion. Jack was fine but he was under a lot of stress so they wanted to keep an eye on him until you woke up."
Thank you for all the lovely feedback on the first chapter! Sorry for the delay but I hope you enjoy chapter 2. It's a little more world building but Cas will be here soon so don't panic 😅
"Fuck...Cas...Cas...baby, fuck" seems to be all his husband is capable of getting out.
The loudest silence Dean's ever experienced stretches out between the thousands of miles that separate them. Lydia sighs again.
It's just a little short epilogue but I hope you all enjoy it!
For the first time, Dean bristles at Castiel calling him Omega. Right now he owes this Alpha for saving them from CPS, but he doesn't want to give the impression he's a pushover.
Sam sits down next to his brother and reaches his hand out with a questioning look.
Sam is freaking out.
"Yes...god yes, Cas. I've never been more sure of anything in my life."
"I don't know Dean, is fish a vegetable?"
"I was really young when I met my ex-husband, and honestly we didn't really date. He had a lot of money and freedom, and I had spent my life being sheltered from the world. He introduced me to a whole new world and it didn't take much for me to feel like I was in love. In the beginning, we had a lot of fun and I do think he cared for me in his own way. But ultimately, I was another pretty thing he collected and placed on display in his house. When I started to see beyond the surface and question my feelings, he gave me the one thing I'd always wanted and never thought I could have: a family."
Dean breathes through the pain until it dulls into a low pleasant throb that makes his hips undulate on pure instinct. He can feel Cas' hot breath on the back of his neck, making him shiver with anticipation.
are two very different things, and Dean had tossed and turned for hours before finally nodding off.
Cas' voice has lost all traces of his earlier anger. Now it's soft and watery, and when Dean finally takes a chance to look at his face, he can see the tears waiting to spill over. They don't though; instead, they sit suspended in Castiel's eyes making his blue irises stand out starkly against the grey backdrop of this fucked up day.
Castiel's voice fills his head again, this time the tone more firm and a little urgent.
The evening is warm without being oppressive, so Dean parks down the street so they can stroll past the quaint little shops that line the main strip of downtown. The art house where Castiel's exhibit is being held is a towering historic red brick building that sits smack in the middle of town, which makes it easy to spot. Since they were still early, Dean lets Emma set the pace, her hand firmly clasped in his and Dog tucked faithfully under one arm as she looks around with wide, excited eyes. The summer bear statues are out, and they stop at each one so Emma can pose while Dean snaps pictures with his phone. Each bear is designed and painted by a local artist and then installed along the sidewalks for the summer months before being auctioned off in the fall for charity.
The cardboard walls of the fort shake as Emma scrambles out with Dog under one arm. Her hair is sticking up every which way, and she looks up at Dean with a big smile.
"Yes, you're certainly right about that."
"Well, you seem to be doing all right now. Are you planning on taking the kiddos trick or treating later? I know all the best stops, houses that give out full candy bars, if you need any pointers."
So sorry about last week! With everything going on in the world my brain needed a break. I appreciate every single one of you for reading ❤.
"I wanna give Levi his bottle!"
It was already starting to fade, but Cas can remember he was walking through a forest. It looked like the redwoods he hikes sometimes on his way to the coast, with trees towering so high they must reach heaven, and the ground covered in ferns and fallen logs sporting thick layers of moss. He was walking aimlessly with no real goal but a feeling of being lost. A thick mist hovering over the ground made the trees look solemn and judgmental, as Cas walked and walked. He could hear a voice far away calling to someone, and he knew if he could just reach them, if he could just find the right path, everything would be fine.
Dean sets up a brutal pace, and it's just what Cas' body is demanding. His mate drapes his body along his back, and he feels Dean's hands slide up his sides, still a little pudgy from the last few stubborn pounds of baby weight, until he's cupping his chest as he continues to fuck him roughly. A few tugs at his sensitive nipples has his back bowing sharply as he comes again. Dean’s hips stutter before he slams in one last time, painting Cas' insides with his release.
Dean shuts his mouth with an audible snap. When he doesn't say anything, Cas seems to take that as his cue to start talking again.
Dean scowls at the woman, but Castiel doesn't want to start a scene, so he quickly thanks Dean and scoots to the side with his computer heading for the back rooms where his old office is located.
He contemplates the merits of simply turning around and pretending he couldn't make it today, but before he can, the sound of Dean's laughter rises above the rest of the crowd. Pulled in like a moth to flame, Cas follows the sound right through the back door and finds himself in the middle of pure chaos.
"No, of course not Dean. Your male body is not equipped for growing human life. However, you
"No!"
He spent minutes, hours, days worshipping Dean's skin, tasting every surface down to the arches of his elegant feet, but it wasn't until Dean was babbling, begging Cas to stop teasing, that he finally gave in and wrapped his lips around the swollen head of Dean's cock.
He can hear Gabe up ahead flirting shamelessly to whatever poor soul is working the front desk for IT today, a deep voice stating that he's "married, but thanks," making Cas wince in sympathy. That's certainly never stopped Gabe before, but hopefully he doesn't rile the guy up too much before Castiel gets his computer, too.
Karen huffed and leaned her hip against the counter with her arms crossed over her chest.
Dean knows he must be smiling like a dope and he can feel his cheeks heating up. He drops his head to hide the blush and realizes they're still in his doorway.
"Um Dean, if I may, I brought a sandwich with me that Emma is welcome to."
@@@@@@@
"I'm fine and you're not sorry. You love the fact that you managed to knock me up with twins and it gets you hot as hell doesn't it?" He's chuckling and Cas can't deny it.
He's barely finished speaking before Cas flings himself into Dean's arms. He just manages to brace himself in time to keep them from toppling over, but it's worth it to have Cas here with him, to know that he wants Dean just as much as he wants Cas.
Cas is in the bathroom and Dean is making him a mug of tea when the doorbell rings. Dean collects the bags of food and tips the delivery kid a little extra just because he's in a good mood. By the time Cas rejoins him on the couch, he's got dinner set out and their movie queued up.
Cas just smiles at him and reaches out to brush his fingers along his forehead and down the side of his face.
"Dean Winchester, open your eyes right now."
Dean sucks in a breath. He can feel guilt eating his insides still but he shoves it aside.
He thinks about the exhaustion and frustration he feels with each failed attempt. He thinks about the haggard face of his friend after each heat spent cooped up in Cas' apartment together.
"What sounds good to you guys? I'm thinking seafood. Do you eat fish, Cas?"
"Yeah Cas let's do this. Will you get the girls? I'll get Jack from Sam. I want them front and center for the news."
"Then I hate you! You don't love me, and I never wanna talk to you again!"
"Yeah Cas?"
Cas nearly chokes at his daughter's innocent question, and Dean laughs so hard, Cas thinks he's going to rupture something. With red cheeks, he stares down at his plate trying to get his brain back on track.
I wanted to say an extra special thank you to my beta @Beatrix_Kiddo because I got this chapter to her pretty late and she still had it done in time for today!
The words are barely out of his mouth before Cas is pushing up onto his toes, crashing their lips together so hard, their teeth click painfully. Dean chuckles and pulls back just enough to soften the kiss into something tender.
"Papa? When Sissy goin' wake up?"
He just hopes Dean feels the same way.
"Adam is my half brother. We share an Alpha sire, but not our Omega."
Surprisingly, Dean had actually felt better after hanging up. But then he'd waited around for Emma to wake up, feeling awkward in his own home, and slowly he felt his new found confidence wane. Apparently the jetlag and overall stress of her ordeal took more out of the tiny girl than Dean had anticipated, and by 9:00, he'd given up waiting and gone to bed himself. Of course, going to
"If you keep staring, I'm gonna start charging."
Dean groans and rolls his eyes and Cas laughs feeling delighted in his new found realization, even if he does plan on keeping it to himself for awhile.
Cas looks up into Dean's eyes and he doesn't have to say anything, because the look on Dean's face says he
"Hey kiddo, it's okay. Can you open your eyes? I promise I'm not upset, Emma. I should have shown you where the bathroom was before bed. It's not your fault you had an accident."
It's Tuesday! Man skipping a week felt like torture but all my bang challenges are now finished! Also as a little aside this chapter is twice the size of regular chapters because I write everything on my phone and was just introduced to the bluetooth keyboard 😍.
With his free hand not holding his own pilfered cookie, Dean brushes the loose hair out of Vada's eyes and tucks it behind her ear.
Dean shushes Cas, gently hugging the other man tight against him as Cas gets control of his emotions.
sick."
Despite all the horror of the day all Dean can feel in this moment is grateful.
For Cas' part, he becomes a little more human in a few more obvious ways. He starts to feel hunger and begins eating regular meals with the brothers. This has the bonus effect of Cas becoming more interested in cooking, and between him and Dean, meal time becomes a lot more enjoyable. Sam especially appreciates Cas' ability to convince Dean to cook with more vegetables. Dean is more interested in Cas' talent for baking pies.
"Fuck, is this what you were doing while I was sleeping?"
Once Dean seems to be a little more in control of himself Sam pulls back but keeps a hand on his shoulder.
How are y'all feeling? Both about the fic and in general. I hope everyone is staying safe and healthy out there. Love you all 💚💙💚💙💚💙
Shit, he looks so cute all bashful like that, and the flower crown was really working for him.
Emma goes easy into Castiel's arms as he picks her up, her head falling to rest on his shoulder, the flower in her hair having squished and fallen out long ago. They look incredibly soft together, and it takes zero convincing for Dean to tuck into Castiel's side when the other man lifts his arm in an open invitation. They make for an interesting sight, Cas in his sexy outfit, Dean looking like an English professor, and Emma practically a walking advertisement for Lisa Frank.
"Okay first, hold the base of the handle in a firm grip. No, not like a sword. Here let me just…" Cas sets his knife down to reach over and move Dean's fingers until he's cradling his blade in the palm of his hand, fingers wrapped around the handle with his index finger and thumb pinching the blade between them.
That's where Dean finds them sometime later still snuggled on the couch, Cas' tea long since having grown cold and a solid drool spot on his shirt where Emma was still passed out. Cas blinks awake to see Dean standing over him with his phone out and a sappy look on his face.
"Yes ma'am," Dean nodded his head quickly, and the stern look on Karen's face melted into a warm smile as she reached up and gave his cheek a soft pat.
That puts a smile back on Cas' face, which makes Dean happy as he leads the way to his bedroom. As the other man walks into Dean's room for the first time, he's suddenly thankful for all his restless cleaning.
Also thank each and every one of you for reading, leaving comments or kudos. It all means the absolute world to me. P.s. I know I'm behind in responding to comments but I've read every single one. I figured Y'all would rather have the chapter at this point.
"Dean, love, it's time to wake up now. Come on, now. Come back to me."
"Fuck, yes, Dean. Just like that."
On Wednesday, Dean spends the day cleaning his house to help rid himself of the anxious energy he can feel building up inside him. He stands in the kitchen and polishes the counters, the cupboards, and all the stainless steel appliances until they shine. He organizes his closet by color and bags up a few things to donate to the local mission. He puts extra effort into his little bathroom, cleaning up the stray bits of litter from the cat's box and going through his medicine cabinet to throw out anything expired. He can't get down to really scrub the floors or get the base of the toilet, but he thinks it looks good enough for now. He goes through the entire house to dust and even manages to change his sheets. By the time he falls into bed, Dean's exhausted.
Luckily for Castiel, Dean enjoys cooking, and he especially enjoys cooking for Cas, so there is always something good to eat in the bunker's fridge. After a little rooting around, Cas lets out a happy noise when he finds some leftover lasagna. He's only interrupted twice during dinner and then the phones go quiet. There's no telling when Dean and Gabe or even Sam will return, so Castiel doesn't bother to wait up. Instead, he drags his tired body to the room he shares with Dean. He spends a solid five minutes adjusting the pillows to fit around his body and support his heavy belly before finally lying down for some much needed rest. Before he can sleep though, Castiel has to send a prayer to his angel. He does it every night they're apart. He clears his throat and lets himself melt into the memory foam underneath him.
Dean's half way through laundry mountain when the sound of his cell ringing gives him the excuse he was looking for to take a break.
It's frustrating beyond belief, but if this is all Dean wants, then Castiel will just have to make peace with it because it has become abundantly clear that he needs the Winchesters in his life.
did it.
"Mama, I'm hungry."
Castiel shrugs his shoulders, "I knew you needed help and that I wanted to be the one to help you."
"Oh, I know, but I want to." With that, she saunters out of Castiel's office, her hips swaying in a way that is sure to entice many a wandering eye. Cas just sighs and goes back to collecting his things. It doesn't take very long, and since he's now invested in this little drama involving Dean, he decides to check out his new laptop while he waits for word from Meg. It's almost a full hour later that his phone dings with a new message.
Victoria bobs her head in the affirmative and, to Dean's relief, twists the cap back on her water bottle and sets it at her feet. Dean tries not to track the movement with his eyes.
"Oh my god Dean, is this the guy?"
gone well so far was introducing Emma to his uncle Bobby and aunt Karen. Dean had only been 13, Sam 9, when their father John had decided keeping track of two young boys was getting in the way of his drinking. One afternoon, John dropped Sam and Dean off with Bobby and put them in his rearview mirror without so much as a glance back. Dean had been angry, angry and hurt with no real outlet but the people around him, and he knows he gave Bobby
She helps him cradle her and shows him how to properly support her little head. He pulls off her pink beanie to get his first look at the shock of black hair covering her head. There's so much of it! Her eyes are a deep blue, but Cas remembers reading that newborns usually have blue eyes and they could change as she got older. He traces his finger along her chubby cheek down to her little cleft chin. She's the most precious thing Cas has ever seen, and his heart is full just looking at her.
Castiel stared at his ceiling with a gnawing ache in his gut. He should be sleeping, but his mind was too busy to let him rest. Too busy thinking about the man with beautiful green eyes, the one who his kids talk about like he hung the moon, the one who calls his daughter Honey Bea like its no big deal and who broke his leg falling out of a tree trying to save a kitten. Castiel lay there in his too big bed and thinks. He can only come to one conclusion.
Dean drops to his knees to help Cas out of his pants, nuzzling at the bulge straining in his boxer briefs, his hot damp breath making Cas shiver. Blindly, he reaches for Dean and hauls him back to his feet to claim his mouth in a searing kiss.
He looks down at his hands where they lay in his lap. Talking about feelings and thinking about his own wants are not Dean's forte, and it makes him squirm to be so vulnerable and open. It goes against everything his father taught him about being an Alpha, but Dean figures that probably just proves it's the better choice. His dad always was a bit of a dick.
Castiel starts walking towards them with a bright smile on his face, and Dean damn near swallows his tongue when he gets a good look at the other man. Gone were the white button up, goofy tie, and baggy slacks. Castiel was
"Dean? Dean Winchester?" A female voice asks.
Cas stops but the look he gives Dean seems wary still.
Thank you all for sticking with me and for all the comments and kudos. I've had a lot of fun with this story while also working outside my usual comfort zone.
"Hmm I know it is sweetheart," Cas says in Dean's ear. "Because if you told anyone how much I like, "knocking you up", you'd also be admitting how much you like getting knocked up."
Castiel stares down at the message with a swarm of butterflies in his stomach. While he had been waiting to hear back from Meg, it had become abundantly clear he didn't know how to set up the damn computer. He'd been waiting, debating with himself if he wanted to go back down and make a fool of himself in front of Dean again or just try to tough it out and call tech support tomorrow. Meg's text only made things worse, because now Cas
Emma nods enthusiastically, making her hood dip over her eyes, and Dean can only imagine what's happening to her hair under there.
Then kisses his eyelids and his cheeks and finally his lips.
"Wait!" His voice comes out too harsh and panicky, so he clears his throat and starts again.
"Wondering what it would be like to put a pup in you." He blushes deep but admits his thoughts anyway. It was something they'd have to talk about eventually anyway.
"Love you, Alpha," he slurs out and smiles at the pleased sound his Alpha makes behind him.
catch you if you fall. Take a deep breath and concentrate, feel your wings, remember they are a part of you."
I hope you all have enjoyed this story as much as I've enjoyed writing it. All of your lovely comments and kudos have kept my little heart a flutter.
The next day though, after breakfast and a shower and half way through brushing his teeth, Dean gets a phone call from an unknown number. Spitting his mouthful of frothy toothpaste into the sink, Dean swipes to answer his phone.
After the boys are in bed, Castiel makes a point of making Dean relax on the couch for a while; sometimes he rubs his feet, sometimes they sit quietly and talk, but Dean's favorite is when they kiss.
"Cas is in surgery and I don't even know if he's going to live or if Jack is alright. I don't know Sammy. I just...I just need you. I need you here.
Nerves and excitement were battling inside Cas as he waits for Dean to pick him up for their date. Anna had graciously agreed to babysit as long as she can leave by 10:00 to get to her own party. He's excited to get out and have some grown-up fun for a change. He couldn't wait to see what Dean had planned for them, as he had insisted on taking the reins for their first date
"What?"
"First of all Cas, you are an amazing dad. Take it from someone who knows a thing or two about shitty fathers. You were in a tough position, and frankly your ex sounds like a real asshole for putting you in it. But uh, thank you for telling me."
The stack of bills goes blurry and starts to swirl, and it takes Dean a minute to realize it's because his eyes are filling with tears. He tries to blink them away, but they brim over and spill down his cheeks.
"You know it's not like that, Meg. We're just friends."
Cas complies, tucking his knees under himself so his ass is in the air, legs wide, he leaves his face mushed into the mattress, too blissed out from his first orgasm to care.
Castiel's hand grips his shoulder tight, right where his hand print had been when Dean was raised from Hell. The angel chants a few last words before sealing their lips together in a firm kiss. Heat floods Dean's body but in a pleasant way, almost like sinking into a warm bath after a hard day’s work. He floated for what felt like hours in the light and warmth, the feeling of Cas' lips brushing his mouth, his eyelids, his cheeks, his forehead. He was surrounded by Cas.
"I'm here, I'm here, god I'm so sorry."
Dean shakes his head firmly, repressing a shudder. He'd done the bar scene in his early twenties, but after the shit show that went down with his ex Lisa, he couldn't stomach it. A drink here and there at the old Roadhouse before the crowds was about all he got up to these days.
Just to refresh y'all's memories, Dean broke his leg at the end of Thanksgiving break and he and Cas got together early December.
She's wearing bright red stretchy pants, a white top with blue sequin sleeves, and American flag sandals. The real kicker is the metallic red top hat, star-shaped sunglasses, and the red white and blue beads around her neck. Dog is riding Emma's shoulders and has a matching set of star-shaped shades of his own. Emma sashays into the room, the necklaces making a soft
Castiel doesn't say anything, just helps Dean stand up with the heavy weight of Adam in his arms. Quietly, the Alpha follows Dean into the house. He sticks to the Omega like a shadow as Dean tucks his pup into bed and then goes to stir the soup. They don't talk, but Dean can see the Alpha looking around and taking in the carpet stains and the dingy off-white walls and the worn down furniture. Dean's never let another soul into their house, and his face is red with embarrassment over how it must look to Castiel.
Sam just squeezes him tight and sways gently. He doesn't try to speak, he's not sure what he'd say anyway, just holds Dean till he starts to calm.
"What are you doin' here?"
It had freaked him out a little bit at first, but Castiel had always been comfortable in his skin, and he was intimately aware that there were far worse things in the world than the possibility of lactating.
Once Cas is decent again, Dean feels like his brain takes a minute to come back online. Something about seeing the other man wearing his clothes brings out a primal sort of caveman pride in him. Dean does his best to shake it off as he throws the dirty shirt in the wash with Dog so they can get back to cooking. Cas adds vegetable broth and flour to the cooked veggies to make the gravy before sprinkling way more seasonings than Dean's ever used over the top. Dean and Emma finish whipping the potatoes, and then Cas stirs in the lentils and peas to the veggie mix before pouring it all into a casserole dish. The potatoes go on top, and the whole thing goes into the oven. Dean presses the oven light on so Emma can watch it cook through the window while Cas helps him clean up.
Happy Tuesday everyone!
The same young woman from their last visit is standing at the front desk talking on the phone when they walk up, so Dean stands to the side to wait for her to finish up. It doesn't take long and when she looks over to Dean, her face lights up, only to fall just as quickly. Panic instantly flares up inside Dean as he wonders what Castiel must have said to his co-worker to garner a reaction like that.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh, Dean dear, you startled me." She frowns as her eyes take in his slumped shoulders, disheveled hair, and five o'clock shadow. "You look terrible."
"Come on Cas...
Not wanting to lose momentum now that Emma was talking to him, Dean tries to keep the conversation going.
Emma finishes the hike on Dean's shoulders as they make their way back to where Baby is parked on the side of the road. Dean's stomach lets them all know it's time for lunch, so they decide to stop in Brookings to eat and explore a bit.
His staring is abruptly cut off though when the full weight of his littlest brother plows into him for a hug. If the little guy hadn't wrapped Dean in an octopus hold, they probably would have eaten dirt.
By the time they've eaten and loaded the dishwasher, Cas has sweat beading along his forehead and, judging by the way Sam's nose twitches, his heat scent is blossoming around them. When he feels the familiar tingle of slick forming, he decides it's time to beat a hasty retreat to his room. Sam's been to Castiel's house enough times to know where everything is, so the Omega doesn't feel
"Oh! That's very popular with the newborn crowd. Basically, you'd come in for a themed picture each month, and at the end of 12 months, we make it into a reusable calendar. Most new parents do it for their baby's first year, but it's available for anyone interested."
"Um, nothing up there but the bedrooms and the laundry. You can look at ‘em later if ya want."
That was almost two days ago now. Castiel is surprised by how much he misses Dean's constant hovering. Things had been difficult for a while after they'd discovered his pregnancy. Fear of the unknown was causing tension and hurts that had almost driven them apart. But at the core of everything that they were to each other was a fierce and profound love. When it became obvious that Castiel's body was changing to accommodate this new life and he wasn't in danger of dying, things had settled down.
"Shhh, little Omega. I'm going to take care of you, don't worry. Always gonna take care of you."
"I'm not gonna tell you not to cry Emma, because I know you're hurting, but I want you to know that I love you and so does the rest of your family here. Your Uncle Sammy, that's my little brother, he sent you something special since he couldn't be here for a while."
When it comes time to eat, Dean proudly presents Cas with his own veggie burger to match Emma's, both cooked on a separate portable electric grill.
Castiel turns as if to leave, and Dean finally manages to shake off the numb shock that has kept him rooted to the floor.
Castiel was the one who had always talked about having kids. When he was six, he asked for a baby doll for Christmas, but instead he got a bb gun. When he was nine, his mom asked what he wanted to be when he grew up. Castiel had said, "I want to be a father," and his mother had laughed and told him to pick a career instead. When he was thirteen and came out to his parents, scared, shaking, with tears in his eyes, the first thing his mother said to him was "You know you'll never have children now. They don't give babies to perverts."
Like, where the fuck he was going to find an Alpha willing to take on an Omega and another Alpha's pups. Dean isn't worried that he's a virgin and has never even seen a knot, let alone taken one up his ass. He figures he would have given up his v-card eventually, so it doesn't really matter to who. Maybe he'll even get lucky and find some old Alpha that can barely keep it up who just wants a warm body in bed and someone to spend their money on. Like a twisted Daddy Warbucks.
Matty snuggles deeper into his side, once again with his nose buried in Cas' neck and snuffling softly.
"I'm not going anywhere, sweetheart," Dean says, dropping a soft kiss to the back of Cas' neck.
Meg, what's with you tonight? Look, it's not my information to share, but Dean's situation is pretty complicated, and I don't want to make him feel pressured or like give him the impression that being friends isn't good enough. I'm just...following his lead."
Dean huffs a laugh and stands up, bringing Cas with him to lead him out to the kitchen. Blue eyes go wide as he takes in the clean children sitting in his clean kitchen eating soup he didn't make.
"Teddy got De- I mean, Mr. Winchester--" Jamie catches himself quickly. They had talked to the kids about why, even though it was ok to call Dean by his name outside of class, they should continue to refer to him as Mr. Winchester while at school, and Cas has to marvel at how adaptable children are because they rarely slip up. "--nice flowers and Honey Bea got him pie an' all I got him is a stupid card. He's gonna think it's dumb ‘cause my drawing sucks. What if he thinks I don't like him as much 'cause I didn't bring flowers or pie?"
he might even call them awesome.
"Well, I guess I should go. Goodnight, Dean."
(See the end of the chapter for
no other pups. I've never been married
"I'm sorry Emma, I really am, but for now this is where you need to stay." Victoria says it with finality.
"Of course, come on in. Did you guys already eat? What about something to drink?"
The conversation trails off, and Dean finds himself lost in the blue of Castiel's eyes. He's never been so achingly attracted to someone he's just met. When he realizes he's been staring for almost a solid minute, Dean reluctantly looks away, clearing his throat to hide his embarrassment.
"That was Cas...you can't be serious...yeah but...no I know it's real, I've been doing everything you told me to, haven't I? Yeah...uh huh...fuckin' fine, if it will get you to shut up, I'll ask."
"What is it, Cas?" He has a feeling he knows the answer before Castiel even opens his mouth but he has to ask anyway, has to be sure.
There was just one problem.
Dean is so stunned for a moment that he doesn't respond until he feels the Alpha start to pull away. Quickly, Dean wraps his willowy arms around Castiel's neck and lets himself melt against the older man's body. He opens his mouth to coax the Alpha's tongue into his own. The kiss is wet and sloppy and full of promises that make Dean shiver.
"It's real."
"So Clarence, did you get a look at Mr. Beefcake passing out the computers? I wouldn't mind taking him out for a test drive."
"If you use me to hurt yourself again, little Omega, I'll make you wait until your next heat for my knot." Cas punctuates his words with a hard thrust that rocks Dean down into the mattress.
Watery blue eyes gaze up at him in wonder, but when the tears start to spill over and Cas' lip trembles, Dean's heart aches.
Emma scowls at the woman sitting next to her and, it shouldn't, but it makes Dean huff a soft laugh.
He turned his ringer up on his phone, just in case, but he doesn't hear from Cas.
"I can't do casual."
It's enough to break the spell, and Dean turns away, cursing under his breath.
"Nothing, Honey Bea, it's a big people joke." Dean is still laughing but Cas finally has himself under control enough to look at his disgruntled daughter.
It didn't help that over the last few years, a real estate mogul named Crowley had started buying up old houses in the neighborhood just to flip them for double the price. Property values have skyrocketed, and all it would take for Donnie to sell this place for a huge profit is a coat of paint and some new carpet. Dean can't blame the old man if he wants him out of the house, but it leaves Dean up shit creek with no paddle in sight.
How are we feeling folks?
There has to be an explanation. Maybe Cas was being forced? Or maybe he was in trouble and needed to make fast cash? Or maybe he was a sex addict?
"Even so, you may be barking up the wrong tree anyway. I'm pretty sure he was flirting with me."
A few minutes later, a message comes through with a half dozen links to advice columns, position diagrams, and discussion threads about couples who struggled to conceive and how they overcame their issues to have pups. It was a treasure trove, and Cas ended up staying up reading until the new day’s light was peeking through the windows. Exhausted but feeling more hopeful than ever, Cas shuts down his computer and crawls into his bed for some much needed sleep.
, Dean speeds up his thrusts, snapping his hips hard enough to rock Cas' body up the bed, driving little "uh uh uh" sounds from him as Dean's hips slam into him.
Emma stopped when she reached Bobby's side, just able to peer over and get a good look at what he'd been working on. He could see Bobby's hands pause as he looked up and gave Emma a small smile, Dean could only see it as a quirk at the side of his Uncle's mouth. They were talking, but Dean couldn't hear the words. He
"Uh, Castiel Novak, N-o-v-a-k, number 345987."
With that, Dean sits up on his knees and reaches behind him to grab hold of Cas and line him up with his slick hole. With a gasp and his head thrown back, Dean sinks down on Cas' cock for the first time.
Ok without further ado here is chapter 7...
Dean snorts a laugh behind him, and he has to shake his head. That certainly sounds like his little Honey Bea. He thanks Anna, gives her a hug, and tells her to have fun at her mixer. Once she's gone, he goes to check on the children and to kiss them each on their foreheads. Dean follows him from room to room, smiling down at the kids and running his fingers through their hair once with a whispered goodnight.
She leans forward to plant a kiss onto each of his cheeks before letting him go. Dean returns Emma's kiss with one to her forehead before slipping out of the backseat and settling behind the steering wheel. The car roars to life, and Dean starts heading home.
"Cas?"
"Yeah yeah, we're going, sassy pants."
"So, is Castiel here? I'd love to thank him personally for these."
"Hhmm," Cas hums with his eyes closed. "Everything go okay with the hunt?"
They both lean in this time, their lips meeting in the middle in a sweet kiss that has Dean melting. He knows they have a long way to go and a lot of hurt to heal, but hope burns brightly inside Dean and, for the first time since he woke up alone all those weeks ago, everything feels like it's going to be ok. Like maybe he'll get his happy ending after all.
Adler sneers and somehow manages to look down his nose even though Dean is towering over him.
"No, I live alone. It's just nice to do something different is all."
Dean nods his head, and then he's engulfed in warm heat and Castiel's strong arms. They melt together, and Dean buries his face into Cas' neck, inhaling the smell of his own fabric softener, the lingering scent of Old Spice, and something that's completely Cas.
He gets a glare from Perkins but he waves her off.
"Oh no, I forgot!" Vada tears out of the room to let her bugs go outside before running back to her room to change. She comes back into the kitchen in record time wearing a sleeveless shirt covered in shark decals, a rainbow tutu, jean shorts, and bright orange flip flops. Her face is still smudged with dirt, her hair is still flying wild around her face, and her glasses are so smudged, Dean wonders how she can see out of them. As she runs to Dean for a goodbye hug, he thinks she's the most beautiful thing he's ever seen. He holds his daughter tight for a long moment. After today, things would start changing and fast. He knows Vada will make it through alright, but it hurts that she even has to.
"Thank you Dean, that means a lot." Cas manages to flag someone down and they produce a vase of water for his flowers which he leaves in the center of the food table with strict instructions that they not be touched.
"Cas, sweetheart, we can have a more detailed kink discussion later, but right now I'm hard enough to pound nails. So either I need to excuse myself to the bathroom,
Dean laughs next to him and swings an arm around Cas' shoulders.
my costume." Dean leans over to not-so-quietly whisper in his ear that Sam is a killjoy who hates Halloween, earning a glare from the younger Winchester.
The little kitten has grown a lot in the last 6 months, and Dean can't imagine not having his furry friend in his life anymore, but he doesn't understand why Cas brought her here. He looks at his boyfriend with questioning eyes. Dean's spent the night lots of times but he's never brought his cat with him.
Cas sucks in a sharp breath and goes still under him, and Dean panics while his brain tries to work through the fog of fever.
Right now is about Cas.
"So why haven't you made a move? I mean you're not usually the hard-to-get type."
"Dean, please don't ever hesitate to tell me what you need. Even if we have to work out a different solution, I want you to feel comfortable talking to me. As mates, I want us to be partners. If we don't communicate, then we run the risk of another terrible misunderstanding."
Once inside the restaurant, Dean takes Emma to the bathroom and Cas gets them a table, one with a nice view of the ocean. The water is dark, and it looks like the wind is sending the waves crashing wildly against the large rocks that border the shoreline.
"We can't keep the house. I need to give Donnie my notice. We're gonna be homeless, Mrs. B." Dean sucks in a sharp breath when a new, terrifying thought crosses his mind. "What if CPS finds out, and they try to take Vada away from me?" His mind goes numb at the mere thought of Vada being taken away.
Dean's body locks up tight. His body is so rigid, he's surprised his spine doesn't snap with the pressure.
It's only a matter of moments before she's placed in Dean's arms. A little pup burrito with only her red wrinkly face visible.
Anyway, it wasn't just that the guy was hot. He was also so effortlessly good with Emma that Dean wishes he really could have dinner with the guy to pick his brain. He wasn't kidding when he said he was a little jealous. It just felt like so many people were making connections when he wasn't, and she was
Dean closes his eyes and lets out a soft sound of despair. His Omega hadn't walked away? He
Even as Dean starts to panic about what to say to Castiel, something else the Omega said starts to nag at the back of his mind.
"That is so sweet of you, really, thank you."
"You're in good hands, Mr. Novak, just try to remain calm. The OR is being prepared as we speak. Once you are on the table things will go rather quickly. Are you his partner?"
Sam can feel his heart clenching in his chest. As he watches his brother walk down the hall.
"You asshole," Dean laughs as he starts attacking Cas with his fingers, tickling him until Cas manages to pin his arms by wrapping around him like an octopus. He pecks the tip of Dean's nose before leaning in to whisper in his ear.
"That's enough, Dean. You know you'd never let that happen to your baby girl just like you know
When Friday rolls around, Dean decides he doesn't want to waste the weekend worrying about work, so he decides to get everything he needs ready today. He goes over his lesson plans, picks out his outfits for the entire week, orders a bulk supply of stickers and a fancy cat tree for Half-Face from Amazon, makes two casseroles and freezes them into single-serving dinners. He manages to wrap his leg in plastic bags and take his first full shower since his accident. He eats lasagna standing over the sink, and in an effort to get back into his work routine, he's in bed by 9:30, but the house is too quiet, and he spends most of the night staring at the ceiling.
"Oh my god, I knew it! I knew you were going to win Cas. You're going to get your dream."
"I know baby, I know."
Vada's little chest poofs up with pride as she preens under her daddy's praise. Sometimes she is so much like him, Dean worries for her future.
The house is quiet when they arrive, the kids already in bed sleeping, Cas finds Anna sitting on the couch in the family room scrolling through her phone. She gives him a knowing smile when she looks up and sees Dean hovering behind him with a duffle bag slung over his shoulder.
respond.
Cas lets out a guttural sound while he watches the tip of his cock get swallowed up by that beautiful mouth.
Cas wipes the sweat off his forehead. His face is flushed a light pink, but he's able to stay focused on his task. He still needs to put a few more bottles and diapers in Daisy's overnight bag, and Matty needs his pajamas from the dryer.
He looks up to catch Dean's eyes and mouth "thank you" from over the kids heads. Dean just gives him a smile and a nod. He doesn't want to keep the little family any longer. The kids obviously needed their dad's attention right now. He watches them go quietly until Cas' car is no longer in view. As happy as he is that the whole thing was a simple mistake, it still leaves him with an antsy energy squirming just under his skin.
Only 2 chapters left of the main story then the epilogue! I'm starting to get a little sad that it's ending honestly.
He thinks about his dream of having his own family. Pups to love and nurture and watch grow.
"On me, pull out, I wanna feel it."
"I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. Please tell her I love her, Dean. She was the only thing I ever loved. Please, please just take care of our baby-"
Cas pulls back just enough to stare into Dean's eyes, and Dean's gut swoops as he realizes what's happening. Cas is leaning in slow, asking the question with his eyes, and Dean
The sound of the cat’s loud purring makes Cas smile as he feels the day’s tension bleed out of his muscles. Running his hands over the warm soft peach fuzz of Mr. Rogers' body calms some of the anxiety that Castiel always feels when he has to go out.
"It's a boy!"
Dean flounders for a moment grasping at straws.
Castiel shakes off any lingering thoughts of his ex and goes to sit with his children. Jay made his decision and will have to live with it, just as Castiel made his. He kisses the top of Jamie’s head and ruffles his hair once again.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I don' wanna go. I wanna stay with Grampy and Gramma." Even as Emma grumbles, her voice fades and her head slowly lowers until she's laying heavy on his shoulder once again. Dean rubs her back fondly but has to hold back a smirk when he turns to see Bobby's eyes suspiciously shiny as he gruffly mumbles out a quiet goodbye and makes Dean promise to come back soon. Karen is in the kitchen bagging up leftovers and writing down the exact brand of burgers she bought so Dean can buy more. She steps out with a small bag of tupperware and offers to walk Dean out to the car.
"Thanks, Cas. I wasn't sure I was going to make it all the way to Baby with her."
The smug look falls from Sam's face, and he stares in shock which honestly Dean thinks is a little insulting.
Dean huffs a laugh at how formal Cas sounds. It reminds him of Sam, and he wonders if he's ended up with a mate as nerdy as his little brother.
Since Daisy has been born, their sex life has been pretty nonexistent. Not for lack of desire. It had been a rough recovery for Cas after his cesarean and then with the pups in their bed, it had been difficult to find time to explore each other properly. But now….
Cas blinks trying to hold back his panic but nods his head.
"Well, no surprise there. I had some trouble with jetlag myself. There was another matter I wanted to discuss with you, if you have a moment."
Sam hops on a bus the day after Dean calls, and two days later, he's standing on their doorstep with a duffle over his shoulder, floppy brown hair just begging to be cut, and a shy smile that makes him look years younger.
Meg hides her surprise well, but Cas can still see it.
"Uh it's, um, Castiel - Cas from work earlier. You said to call anytime."
"You smell ripe, bitch. What's the matter? Couldn't find an Alpha to mount that sweet ass so you decided to walk around smelling like slick till you found one?"
"Sorry Cas, he just surprised me is all. I'm actually allergic to cats. Forgot you mentioned having one." Although usually Dean would be sneezing his head off by now, and he hasn't felt so much as a tickle in his nose.
(See the end of the chapter for
do it alone doesn't mean you
The group hug doesn't last nearly as long as Dean would have liked, but they'd taken up enough of Castiel's big night. They say their farewells, both father and daughter comforted when Castiel reminds them he'll see them soon, whether it's for cooking or Emma's next photo shoot.
"Sorry, you just looked so cute I had to take a picture."
Cas is quiet as he talks, and Dean has to strain to hear him. He gets the feeling Cas hasn't really talked about this stuff before, so he holds him tight as he listens.
"I'd love a beer if you've got one."
The conversation shifts into more neutral territory about how Teddy and Jamie are doing in class, and pretty soon it's time to say goodbye and send everyone home, but not before Dean manages to get everyone in for one big group photo.
"I won."
"Dean?"
Emma stirs next to him and the moment slips away, but it leaves behind a warm happy feeling Castiel holds close to his heart. Dean agrees that a trip to the coast sounds like a great idea, so after a quick breakfast, they pack up the Impala and hit the road. It only takes a couple hours to get to the coast, and the drive is beautiful. Spring in Oregon tends to bring more rain than sun, but today is a nice day, with a clear, blue sky and warm enough to get away with just a light jacket.
"Yeah, I mean I kind of need the computer for work tomorrow, and as long as you've been social distancing and wearing your mask, then I think it will be okay."
You might also notice we now have a chapter count. This baby will be topping off at 13 chapters including the epilogue. So enjoy chapter 9!
"I don't wanna be more work fur ya Cas," he slurs. "Want to take care of you guys, be yur rock man. I jus' wanna take care of you and yur babies. Wish I had babies." Dean says sadly before he gets an amazing idea and looks up at Cas with pleading eyes as he grabs a fist full of his shirt. "Will you...Cas maybe will you share your babies with me?"
She places the envelope on the counter top and gives his arm an encouraging squeeze.
It's Sam that finds it. Almost to the bottom of the box, Dean has gotten distracted reading through the insurance claim from the house fire. He's silently seething over the amount of money their father drank away when Sam makes a weird choking noise in the back of his throat, and suddenly a paper is being shoved in front of his face.
Taylor shoots him an apologetic smile and shakes her head. "Unfortunately no, he won't be in until next week."
"First of all, I just want to tell you how touched I am that you felt comfortable enough to come to me for this."
"Nothing, it's just so adorable listening to you being all worried and sweet about your bf's kids. So, do I know him?"
Dean smiles at the determined look on his Omega's face. A weight he hadn't realized was there suddenly lifts from his chest, and a tentative hope starts to bloom in his gut.
Dean lets his eyes slip closed. It won't be long before his heat is back and demanding attention, so he needs to sleep while he can. He settles a hand on top of the one Cas is using to cradle his swollen belly. Dean hopes he catches this heat but if he doesn't, that just means they'll have to keep trying until he does. Just thinking of walking around huge and round full of Castiel's pups, a walking billboard of his Alpha's prowess and potency, has Dean flushing with heat.
"First of all, dickcheese, if you touch my ass again, I will literally scratch your eyes out. Second of all, if I was looking for a real Alpha to "mount me," I certainly wouldn't be looking at you. You're like something ordered from Wish: unsatisfying. So back the fuck up and maintain my bubble."
The room is bright when Dean wakes slowly to the feeling of fingers running through his hair. He hums happily and leans into the touch. The fingers start to pull away and he tries to follow them but cracks an eye when he hears a low chuckle. Cas is sitting on the edge of the bed watching Dean, so he shuffles over to rest his head on the other man’s thigh.
Emma is just as surprised as Dean, and they both stare at Cas for long enough that he squirms and looks at Dean with pink cheeks. "Um... that is, if it's okay with your dad."
Dean shushes him and squirms down until he can kiss him, letting his tongue fuck into Cas' mouth the way he likes.
He finishes cleaning out the box of papers, gathers the few salvageable photos and starts making his way to the house. When he walks in, Sam is standing in the living room with his phone pressed to his ear and a stunned look on his face. He looks at Dean and whispers two words.
Thinking of how exhausted Cas had seemed in his text earlier, Dean decides not to wake him. Instead, he carefully removes his glasses, places them with the book on the nightstand, and drapes a blanket over the sleeping man. He leaves the bowl just in case Cas needs it and then creeps out the door and gets to work. He starts by checking the kids’ rooms. Not bad, but there is a definite
Instantly, Castiel had been in front of him reaching to cup his face in both of his big hands.
Dean. I never even planned to keep her. I didn't tell you because I didn't want you to try and change my mind. But I...I couldn't do it. I went in and I couldn't go through with it. I was going to tell you.
Dean is smirking up at him looking like the cat who got the cream, and Cas decides to do his best to wipe that look right off his boyfriend's face. Dean's already naked but Cas has to slip out of his clothes so he makes a show of it, flexing as he pulls his shirt off, rolling his hips as he slips out of his pants and boxers. Dean has settled in the center of the bed, propped up on their pillows, stroking his own hard length lazily as he watches Cas with heated eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
"What's a ca-peesh?" Bea asks in a scratchy voice.
Why was Dean sending pictures of himself with his car? He ignores it for now in favor of getting the dishes rinsed and loaded into the dishwasher. His phone pings three more times with pictures of Dean's car, making Castiel panic and wonder if he's somehow given Dean the impression he's some kind of car guy. While the black beast of a car does look pretty and very well maintained for such an old fashioned model, Castiel doesn't really care about cars. As long as they can get him from point A to point B, that's good enough for him.
Cas gives a little sniff and buries his head in Dean's chest.
Alright what do y'all think? Cas' heat is different this time around. Do you think it's just his boosted hormones or could something else be coming into play? Will he make it through all 3 days of his heat?
That gets them both going, and by the time Dean's parking downtown, they're nearly in tears and Emma is asking what's so funny. It takes a few minutes, but eventually they pull it together and climb out of the car. That's when Cas sees that Emma has her moose with her, and it has its very own shark costume on. It's quite possibly one of the cutest things he's ever seen.
"Dean...Dean where is the baby? Dean,
It had all started after a hunt gone bad. It was supposed to be a run-of-the-mill salt and burn, but they had quickly realized it was actually a vicious poltergeist. Dean had a close call after being sent through a 2nd story window. He hadn't thought much about it except to be pissed that his favorite jeans were ruined. Apparently though, it had been too close of a call for Cas, and the angel had spent days acting strange, watching Dean more than usual, brooding, finding more excuses to touch until finally the angel came clean that he had been afraid. That Dean's mortality had started weighing heavier on Cas' mind now that he was cut off from Heaven.
The usual good-nature grumbling at bedtime is missing, and Dean spends a little extra time tucking in both boys and making sure to kiss the tops of both shaggy heads. Sam's getting a bit old for that kind of thing, but he doesn't complain tonight. Dean's too exhausted to bother with anything beyond putting the new sheets on John's old bed and falling onto the mattress with a grunt.
Yeah, Dean never thought he'd get a happy ending. But he's sure glad one found him anyway.
Emma loses some of her pep, slouching down in her seat and picking at her eggs with her fork.
Claire gives him a smile and shifts so she can lay her head on Cas' shoulder. He cards his fingers through her hair and kisses her forehead.
It was harder for Dean than he realized to share his pups’ affection, but after a few weeks, it started to feel less like something he was losing and more like something he was sharing. Felt like maybe this was something he could actually have.
The walk back to the car is much faster with Emma half asleep in his arms, and Dean is glad they came out tonight. Seeing Emma's smile again meant everything to Dean. As he buckles the sleepy girl into her booster seat, Emma's little hands cup his face so she can see into his eyes, and he gives her an amused smile.
At eighteen, he walked out the front door of his parents’ house, got on a bus, and never looked back.
"I wanted you to look at my picture." She crosses her arms over her chest and huffs, her bottom lip stuck so far out it looks like it could fall off. Oh, to be five and still think the world revolves around you.
Dean laughs and runs his fingers through his short spiky brown hair before rubbing the back of his neck.
"You take it so good Dean, so perfect for me." Cas doesn't hold back, slamming into Dean with enough force to push him up the bed with each slap of his hips against Dean’s ass. Dean flings his hands up to brace them against the headboard to keep from banging his head against the wood. It's just on the edge of too much as his body still rides the wave of pleasure and overstimulation of release.
"You're so goddamn tight, Dean. I can't wait to have you wrapped around my cock." Dean whimpers and presses back harder. "Is that what you want, little Omega? Want my fat cock splitting you open? Want my knot, my bite?"
Dean turns his head to capture those wandering lips with his own, losing himself in the joy of finally being able to touch and taste the man he's slowly been falling for over the last three months. He doesn't push for more, because he knows there will be time for that later and he'd rather have the use of both of his legs when they get to that point. After a while, their kisses turn more soft with longer pauses between each one until Cas is snoring softly against Dean's chest, his face relaxed in sleep and looking devastatingly handsome. Dean places one last kiss to the center of Cas' forehead and whispers, "Sleep well Cas," before letting his own eyes close as he drifts off to sleep himself.
Emma shrugs, "I forgot the word. Now I remember."
"Yeah, Cas?"
"You're doing fine, Dean," Victoria whispers. So Dean takes a deep breath and just focuses on the weight of his baby in his arms. It could have been five minutes or an hour later that Dean feels Emma go lax with sleep against his chest, and as carefully as possible, he lays her down in the horrible pink bed. He removes her shoes and lays a small throw from the foot of her bed over her small form.
Dean makes a face at the thought of all those hospital germs in his bed, which earns a soft chuckle form Cas. Making a beeline to the dresser against the far wall, Dean pulls out an old pair of sweatpants and his favorite top, an old worn Led Zeppelin t-shirt his dad had given him years ago.
Cas, what am I supposed to do with wings? And why are they so fucking heavy? Why aren't they invisible like yours?"
Cas gives him a grateful look as he pulls his shirt away from his skin.
Tears are pricking at his own eyes now, and Dean's lost for more words. He's not in a place to forgive Lydia, but his anger is gone. Now he's just tired, tired and sad. Sad Lydia had to go through all of it alone, sad she didn't feel like she could come to him, and sad it took her going to prison for him to find out about his daughter.
Please enjoy chapter 5!
Cas just shakes his head. "Everything is perfect, Dean. Thank you. I don't deserve you, but thank you."
"Hello, Dean. I hope you and Gabe are doing well. It's been a busy day and I've certainly missed you, even if you do hover like a mother hen. I'm good, I'm safe, and so is my roommate. We hope to have you home soon. Goodnight Dean."
"Um, unfortunately I don't have any beer, but I do have some wine."
"Guess what I am today!" Sam's holding her legs in a tight grip to try and keep from losing his balance as Emma squirms around. Dean watches as Cas brings his hand up to stroke his chin like he's thinking hard on Emma's question.
For now, Cas was done thinking about it. The Omega decides it's a good night to order an extra large meat lover's pizza and drink whatever alcohol he can find in his apartment and just zone out in front of his tv.
and going to
"Sister is very little still, Matty, and she's going to grow very fast, so she needs a lot of sleep. It will be awhile before she can play with you like you want. But she still needs you. You are her only brother, and so you are the only one who can give her all the big brother love she needs to grow. Do you think you can do that, Matty?"
Cas, you look beautiful like this."
They stand there wrapped in each others’ arms with a disgruntled cat between them as they bask in the feeling of finally admitting their feelings for each other.
His warm palm comes to rest on his brother's swollen belly and he can't quite hide the look of awe on his face.
Suddenly the door bursts open and Dean is there. Face red and sweaty from running and no less than three orderlies trailing behind him.
"Tell your boy hello for me and give that baby a smooch from granny Sharon."
Dean hesitates for a moment, but he knows Charlie is good people, and honestly he's been dying to talk about this with someone outside of Sam. His brother had laughed his ass off when he found out the nurse Dean made a fool of himself in front of was now his boyfriend. Dean had made sure to comment on the way Sam's been tripping over himself to get that colleague of his, Eileen's, attention.
Once it boots up and Castiel is staring at a stock image of a rolling green field on a beautiful spring day, he starts going down the checklist. He gets two steps in and draws a complete blank. Not a single one of the carefully demonstrated instructions by the friendly tech Charlie are coming to his mind, and while Cas had only planned to use work as a simple distraction tonight, he
"Hello? Hello? I need to speak to Mr. Winchester please. My name is Marvin, and I'm from child welfare. It's of utmost importance that I speak to the Alpha of the house. Hello?"
The session is fun and goes by way too fast. Emma poses easily, smiles freely, and before Cas knows it, their time is up. Dean makes an appointment for next month with Taylor before making his way back to Cas.
"There's only one ‘s’. My name is Castiel C-a-s-t-i-e-l."
"Is that what you want, little Omega? Want me to fill your belly with my pups?"
Cas is just starting to drift off when Dean starts speaking quietly.
Cas manages to sleep till morning. He could already feel his heat letting up. If this was what his heats could always be like, he wouldn't mind staying off suppressants for good.
The restaurant is more of a diner, and it's obvious it's been around for a long time, but it's clean and the staff is friendly. Emma winds up with a short stack of fish-shaped blueberry pancakes, Dean gets his seafood, and Cas is pleasantly surprised by how good his soup is.
It's nothing too shabby, a newly remodeled two bedroom with two full bathrooms, a decent size kitchen and living space, and a garage big enough to park his car in the winter and store a few boxes. The real prize was the half acre the house sat on, most of which was a fenced-in backyard where Dean liked to host barbeques in the summer and usually a little costume party on Halloween.
"I'm ready Cas, want that cock inside me." Cas lets go of Dean's wrist, more than on board with moving things along. Dean pulls his fingers out with a little whimper, his rim clamping down at the emptiness. He rips the condom off his fingers and tosses it onto the floor making a mental note to pick it up later. By the time he's facing forward again Cas has already dumped the last of the lube on his dick, and Dean doesn't waste any time getting into position. With his ass hovering just over Cas' dick, the head pressing wide and blunt against him, Dean is ready.
Dean's arms ache as he watches his mate, his fingers twitching with the need to hold Castiel close and never let him go again.
Cas pulls away, patting Dean's shoulder as he does so. Dean could weep at the loss. They continue to chop up the other ingredients Cas had laid out on the counter in companionable silence until he deems them ready to start cooking. Emma comes running in from the backyard, dirt smudged across her nose and one pigtail missing, Dog (who could definitely use a wash by now) tucked under one arm.
Now Cas looks at his dear friend from across his kitchen table. The silence between them is heavy until Sam clears his throat and leans forward to speak in a low voice, his brows pinched together in earnest.
Reluctantly, he cracks his eyelids open, and as naturally as breathing, he falls into the too blue of his husband’s stare. Cas brings his other hand up so he's cradling Dean's face, and the hunter wraps a hand over each wrist, leaning into the touch.
He manages a few pictures before Dean is scooping Emma into his arms to climb back down to the beach. They're both smiling widely as they make their way over to Castiel.
"You okay, Sammy?" He moves to stand next to Sam and gets a look at what his brother is staring at. There, right on top of the assortment of random junk thrown in the box, is a picture of their mother Mary with a baby Sam on her hip and a young Dean tucked against her side. She's smiling, and the sun is shining behind her, making her golden hair light up like a halo. They're standing in front of a white farmhouse, and it sparks a faint memory in Dean.
Cas figures he's lingered long enough and quickly wets a cloth and heads back to bed.
The fourth video is a little different and Sam likes this new angle even better. Bottom dude is still on top but he's back to chest with whoever he's riding. Giving the camera a good view of his ass being filled as well as his hard cock swaying with the movement of his hips. The bottom dude wraps his hand around his leaking cock and starts to jack off as he speeds up his movements.
Two days later, Dean wakes up cocooned in the warmth of Cas' arms and has exactly fifteen seconds to enjoy it before his stomach rolls and he immediately knows he's about to vomit. Throwing back the covers and making a mad dash for the bathroom, Dean knows with 100% certainty that he's not going to make it to the toilet but as he skids into the bathroom and finds himself bending over and hurling out every bit of last night’s dinner, he has a fleeting thought that at least he didn't ralph on the carpet.
His eyes cross trying to read what's in front of him until he lets out a frustrated grunt and yanks it free from Sam's grasp. It's a deed, and it looks old. Dean scans the paper quickly, shaking his head as he reads.
Dean sits on the bed. Cas is still pretty weak from the anesthesia so Dean slides his arms under his husband's to help support their son.
Hello and happy Tuesday!
The kitchen and the garage were some of the first and only major renovations Dean worked on after moving into his home. The Alpha had made it a priority to be able to run his business from home and to have a home where family could gather.
Please enjoy the epilogue for Nothing Ventured. ❤
Dean swallowed hard and placed his palm on Castiel’s chest, right on top of his heart before opening his eyes and falling into the ocean of blue looking back at him.
Just seeing how happy Emma is, how excited she's been all day, seals the deal for Dean and he pulls on the cardigan without a fuss, doing up the big wooden buttons and folding down the oversized collar. When he gets a glimpse of himself in the mirror, Dean has to admit he doesn't look half bad. Deciding not to shave in favor of keeping the five o'clock shadow that accentuates his jawline, he uses a little gel to fluff up the tips of his hair, and Dean's ready to go.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean's eyes roll up as Cas thrusts two fingers into him alongside his tongue. Just the Alpha's fingers feel huge, like they're stretching him impossibly wide. Dean feels a moment of panic that he won't be able to take Cas' knot after all. That the Alpha simply won't fit. His body tenses, but Cas is there to soothe him, his free hand sliding between Dean's legs to grip his neglected cock where it's been drooling onto the sweat dampened sheets below him.
"Alright, Mr. Blue Eyes, let me get this entered into the computer and you'll be set." Dean sounds a lot more friendly than a few moments ago as he scans the barcode on the side of the box and leans over to tap at the keyboard. "So how's your day goin'?"
"Please Dean, just let me
Dean whips around from where he was loading a handful of cutlery.
A few minutes later they're taking their lap around the track, and Castiel is back in line now, a complete set of little bees with their hive. Dean almost wishes they did some kind of costume contest. He wonders if Cas will let him take a picture if he tells him it’s to commemorate his first year of teaching.
Dean leans forward like he's about to say something but is interrupted by the sound of a throat clearing. They both turn to see an irritated woman standing with her hip cocked, her toe tapping, and her mask pulled down under her chin.
"Does it even matter? You have her now. I'll never get to hold my baby again-"
Victoria holds up her hands in a gesture of surrender. "Okay, okay, Dog it is. Since you seem like you're in a better mood, how about we have Dean show you your new room?"
"Aren't you hungry?"
"Just because you're determined to see the worst in every situation doesn't mean good things never happen, Dean."
Now, Dean was left alone to care for his two younger brothers with nothing but the rags on their backs and a few measly bucks. They had about a month left on their shitty house before the landlord would come knocking for rent, and as soon as CPS got a sniff that Dean's not only an Omega but a meager 18 years old, he could kiss his brothers goodbye. Especially now that Sam's a freshly presented Alpha. There was a lot of shit about Alphas needing other Alphas as role models and leaders or they'll grow up wrong, and the state loved to rip them right out of their mama's hands to prove it.
Claire is 8
"Cas?"
This was it, no turning back now. If anything, the only feelings swirling within him were excitement and relief. This could be the start of his own little family. Slowly pulling the syringe out of his ass, Castiel sets his feet flat on the bed and tilts his hips up to keep the precious fluid from leaking out before it can do its job.
Now though, now they were home and his family was complete.
The big guy Dean gestures to reaches out a hand for a shake and shoots him a sideways smile.
Dean shakes his head and can't stop his mind from replying, "Nope nope nope. No fucking way, Cas."
"Baby?"
Dean doesn't even realize he's shut his eyes until he feels a cool breeze against his face followed by the warm brush of Castiel’s palm along his jaw.
"Actually, yes I have." Cas sets his computer box on his desk and turns back just in time to see her eyes wide with surprise before she carefully schools her expression back to indifference. Meg was just like that. She liked to keep her cards close to her chest, but she could be really sweet once you got to know her.
They say their goodbyes, and Cas lets out a heavy breath feeling the majority of his tension release with it. He still had a lot to think about, but at this point, he's at least established that he wasn't ready to call it quits just yet. Taking a break for his next heat may still be a good idea, though.
Castiel's hands tighten where they've settled, one on Dean's waist and one on his thigh. The Omega nuzzles into the crook of Castiel's neck to hide his smile.
to do it. The whole situation was out of my control."
Feeling the hormonal changes from the come now coating his insides has a deep twinge of sadness throbbing in Castiel's chest. All the years he now realized he suffered needlessly because he didn't have a mate and now most likely never would have him feeling alone and bereft.
Once they're all back in the classroom and the kids are at their different stations using frosting to stick pretzel legs to their spiders and dumping unfortunate amounts of glitter onto their pumpkins, Dean gets a moment to talk to each parent.
One kiss turns into two, then three, four, five kisses. Finally they are both smiling too wide to keep it up, and Dean pulls back to look into his Omega's eyes.
"Castiel! Mr. Novak! If you don't calm down, we will have to sedate you. Your blood pressure is through the roof and if we don't get it under control, we'll have to take the pup out with a cesarean. Do you
! I had to give them my permission to do it."
Holy shit, that
Next chapter will be back to Dean's pov and we'll see how dinner goes. Thanks for reading!
When they part, Dean cups Castiel's face reverently between his warm palms. He brushes lingering tears from under too blue eyes with his thumbs and can't help the way his gaze drops to Cas' mouth when the Omega’s tongue darts out to wet his plush pink lips.
Thank you to everyone who has been following along on this little journey with me. I appreciate you all. This little epilogue brings our story to a close and is officially my first completed story for ficfacers 🥰. I'm so grateful to Followyourenergy for bidding on me and giving me the prompt that sparked this story and for my beta Beatrix_kiddo for keeping me sane as I was posting.
Cas had started running in college when the pressure of an overloaded course schedule and a need to prove his worth to his Mother had him close to a mental breakdown. The on-campus counselor had recommended running as a way to relieve stress, and Castiel had been doing it ever since. Most mornings, he does a solid three miles before work, but when he's got a problem chasing him, Cas has been known to push it to six.
Cas' thumb drags down the cleft of his ass in a dirty caress, and Dean gasps as he finally presses his fingers into his tight hole. It's a slow stretch, leaving Dean panting against Castiel's calfs. He bears down and rocks his hips slowly, groaning at the way he feels split in two with just his fingers and knowing Cas has a front row seat to it all.
As Dean gets Emma settled into her booster seat, he silently sends a thank you to Sammy because, until his brother had mentioned it, Dean had no idea 4-year- olds still sat in carseats. To his embarrassment, Dean had had to stop at the fire station in town just to install the damn thing, but at least he knows Emma can sit safely in his car. When Sam had mentioned carseats, Dean had had a moment of panic thinking he'd have to trade in the classic '67 Chevy Impala he drove for a minivan. Just the thought made him shudder, so it was a huge relief when the guy at the station assured him they could install the booster in Dean's car. It also hadn't been much of a hardship to stand back and watch the
It's at that moment that Dean feels something give way inside him and he knows that everything is going to be ok. That even though this wasn't what he had planned for his life -- falling in love with an angel, bonding for life, growing wings -- things would work out. He would get back to his old life of hunting, he'd spent the years he could with Sam knowing his brother will be waiting for him in Heaven, and Cas would be by his side always.
"No, go on. What did you want to say?"
Cas can't keep from reaching down to stroke his own neglected cock at the sight of Dean naked and hard. Judging by the smirk his boyfriend sends him, Dean knows exactly what he's doing to the dark haired man, too. Cas may have been a bit nervous, but he's no wilting flower. Spreading his legs a bit wider, he trails his free hand slowly down his body, Dean's eyes glued to its path as he reaches his balls and rolls them gently in his grasp.
"Dean, I woke up next to you, went to my car to clean myself up, then went across the street to get us coffee. By the time I came back, you were gone. I waited there all day until the proprietor told me I had to leave. All I had was your name at the time and no idea what to do. After that first week, I was at rock bottom and I took the job at the gas station in an attempt to keep the pining sickness from overwhelming me."
this, Papa! It's so soft and snuggly, you're gonna look real pretty, like a-like a cloud or something."
"You did it, Dean! I'm so proud of you."
Cas' voice blooms in his mind, "You can do it. I have great faith in you."
Before Dean can even blink, Emma has splattered warm mashed potato all over the front of Castiel's shirt, who's blinking down at the mess just as surprised as Emma to see it there. Emma starts to cry immediately, but the look on Cas' face is just too much for Dean, and he bursts out laughing. Emma's tears dry up hearing Dean laugh, and Cas is soon chuckling, too.
Dean had no idea there were pictures in John's boxes. When he'd gotten the call that John had died in a hospice bed somewhere on the other side of the country, his liver finally having given out on him, Dean hadn't shed a tear. It had been years since Dean had had a kind thought for his wayward father, and when he got stuck dealing with all the shit John left behind, it had only pissed Dean off. The boxes were shoved into the garage without being opened, and John was shoved into the back of Dean's mind.
Castiel lets out a breath he didn't know he'd been holding. This sounds like the start of a very polite rejection. He can't say he didn't see it coming, but he also can't deny the painful sting of disappointment either. If he was ever to have a chance, his friend Sam was it.
Cas reaches out to squeeze his bicep before excusing himself to the bathroom. Before he gets in bed, Dean digs around the nightstand drawer for the bottle of ibuprofen he keeps there for when his leg is really hurting. He pops the lid and swallows two dry; he knows his stomach will give him hell for it later, but he doesn't want to shuffle into the kitchen right now.
The little boy looks up at his Papa with big eyes and nods solemnly.
Dean gives a whoop, clamping his hands together and shaking his head. He hasn't even gotten out of his car, he's just leaning out his window to heckle Cas who takes his sweet time walking around to the passenger seat. Sliding in the door, Cas' mouth goes dry as he takes in Dean's uniform. He's in a light brown police uniform with a fake cigarette behind one ear and large wire frame glasses perched on his nose. The badge hanging off his breast pocket reads Chief Brody and the blue patch on his arm says Amity Police. It takes Cas a minute to place the costume but once he looks into the backseat to see Emma strapped in her carseat wearing a grey shark costume it clicks.
"Ok, let me help you get situated."
have gagged once or twice listening to the squelch of come being sucked up into the little syringe, but he got himself on his back with his knees pulled to his chest. He was slick enough from his heat that the plastic cylinder went in easily.
"Gabe!"
"You boys, honestly. It's perfectly normal to try new foods once in a while, but if you must know, the doc's been worried about Bobby's blood pressure and cholesterol for years now, and his last labs were more than worrisome. So he suggested less red meat."
Dean nods eagerly at Cas' teasing tone. Nothing would make him happier than providing for Cas and their pup, and he quickly has Cas settled on a stool at the kitchen island as he starts to dig in the fridge for an idea of what to make.
Cas heads back to the bedroom to take care of Levi, and Dean watches him go with a fond smile. He wonders what his teenage self would think if he knew his future husband was such a goof. He'd probably be jealous as hell. Making his way to the living room, Dean settles next to Emma on the couch.
Samuel Campbell was their maternal grandfather, and Dean has sort of vague but pleasant memories of visiting the old farmhouse before his mom died. Grandpa had had a heart attack and passed when they were still pretty young, and they never went back to the farmhouse. If his mother inherited her father's house, it would have been at least fifteen years ago. There was just no way this deed was still good.
"Keep your eyes on me, sweetheart. I want to watch you when you come on my cock."
As always a big thank you to Beatrix_Kiddo for editing!
"If you wouldn't mind washing your hands, the bathroom is just there." Castiel points to a small bathroom next to a closed door that must be the bedroom. The apartment was pretty standard and mostly tidy.
(See the end of the chapter for
As in learn to fly.
choice would be at this point. He has one more heat before the year is up. Does he really want to spend it trying to get himself pregnant while simultaneously jacking off and crying over not having a mate to help him through it? Statistically, the chances of him catching this last heat after having four unsuccessful ones are slim. If Cas makes an appointment this week, he could get on suppressants instead and skip this last heat all together.
"The bags are by the door and Matty's using the bathroom now and getting his shoes. I'm going to nurse Daisy one last time, then they are good to go. You just need to switch the car seats when Bobby gets here."
"Cas,
Bea nods her head and slides off the couch reluctantly. Dean gets the shower going in the kids’ bathroom, which could also use a once over, but he'll get to that later. Once he's got Bea set up, he switches the laundry and checks on the soup. As the kids take turns getting cleaned up, Dean takes care of the family room.
Keep in mind the tw from last chapter. There is also talk of what is essentially postpartum depression though it doesn't go into a ton of detail.
By the time Castiel makes it to the front of the line, it's obvious this poor guy is not having a good day. The man is looking down at his list as Castiel walks up and grabs a squirt of hand sanitizer from the bottle on the counter in front of him.
Dean gives a distracted nod. He can see one of his girls, Elizabeth, not looking where she's going, which is a recipe for disaster as the girl was a bit accident prone.
"Ah, I thought...nevermind. Tell me what the problem is." Dean doesn't sound nearly as excited as before, and Cas bites his lip.
Dean drops a kiss onto the fuzzy head of each baby before closing his eyes. Cas sits down on the bed and takes Ben while using his body to support Dean's arm holding Emma. Dean starts to doze knowing his husband will keep watch over them and make sure Emma stays safe in his arms.
Cas is breaking down fast and Dean is so shocked that it takes longer then it should for him to react.
The next morning Cas wakes slowly, indulging in a languid stretch, until he gets a look at the clock on his nightstand and sees it's after 10:00. He feels a bit panicky when he realizes he's slept in. He has to use an alarm on the weekends because his internal clock is set to his work schedule, but when he's home with the kids he tries to just push through the sleep deprivation and nap in the afternoons, if possible.
"Come on Cas, let’s go inside. They're going to be fine and if worse comes to worse, I can go pick them up and we will just have to work around it."
"Is that true, Marvin? Did you try to scare my Omega into giving up our pups?"
Huffing out a quiet laugh against Cas' ear, sending a shiver down his spine, Dean trails his hand down to rest on Castiel's hip.
Ben is still on Dean's chest. His cries quieted the moment he heard his Daddy's voice talking to him and already his eyes were drooping closed.
"I know, I know Dean. I love you too."
His phone was in his robe pocket all day, just in case, but he doesn't hear from Cas.
are we going trick or treating, Papa? It's taking
shitty week. I don't know what you think you saw, but I
Now his car, Baby, as he affectionately calls her, roars to life, probably annoying more than one of his neighbors this early on a Saturday morning. It was only a little after 7:00, so Dean points Baby in the direction of Wal-Mart since it was the only place open this early.
Dean waves him off with a red face.
A small creek in the floorboards has Dean's heart breaking as he looks up and sees Adam standing in the middle of the kitchen with wide frightened eyes.
Cas smiles into the pillow and presses back into Dean. The familiar smell of fresh rain surrounds him now that Dean has returned. There is always an ache, dull and in the back of his mind and heart when they're separated. An ache that he doesn't realise is there until it's gone. He silently hopes there are no more big hunts that will take Dean away before the baby comes.
"There's no way. It's been too long, the bank has probably repossessed it. This is me, Sam. Houses don't just suddenly appear ‘cause I need one."
For the most part, Emma has been quiet except for when she needs something and the little he was able to get out of her at breakfast. Dean wants to be close. He just wants to know all about her and what he's missed and how to make her smile again. It's going to take time, and it's not something that can be rushed. Not really sure what to do, Dean just sits on the couch as close as Emma's nest will allow and watches tv with her quietly. It doesn't feel like much, but it's a start.
They stay until Emma falls asleep slumped against Dean's side as the ending credits of
He starts to protest when Cas tries to lead him back to bed though. No way was he leaving that gross mess on the floor for Cas to clean up. He was here to take care of his boyfriend, not make more work for him.
"Okay. okay that makes sense. Can..can you ask them to bring him now then? I don't think I'll be able to settle till I can see him."
"It's a girl!"
Saying goodnight and watching Dean head home hours later was heart wrenching, but Cas hadn't been quite ready to have his children wake up to another man at the house, even if it was Dean. But that was weeks ago, and if Cas has his way tonight he'll be able to spend the entire night in his boyfriend's arms.
"Ok Cas, let's swing by my place. I'll check on Half-Face and pack a bag, then we can go home and let Anna loose for her singles mingle."
It's not very coordinated and it's definitely not pretty and Cas
"Well, now you know better, so write it down and get the fuck out. I think you've insulted my Omega enough for one day."
The stern look morphs into a smirk, which only serves to make the blue-eyed man more nervous.
is Jack? Oh god,
Dean drops soft kisses along his cheeks, his eyelids, his mouth, and Cas throws his arms around his neck and holds on tight. He's shaking with the intensity of the moment, of giving himself to Dean like this, knowing the other man already has what's left of Cas' heart, and Cas has to bite his lip hard to keep from saying the three little words on the tip of his tongue.
"Daddy, please can Mr. Dean come again?"
"Ok, Cas. I can't guarantee I won't fall back on old habits but I want to try, for you."
⚠️ Possible Triggers⚠️
"Nice car."
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas pulls away once he's satisfied with his grip, and he misses the feeling of Cas' hands on him instantly.
Before Dean can start the car, Cas slides across the seat to cup his boyfriend's face and steal another kiss. Pulling away, he rests his forehead against Dean's and hums happily.
"Let's start with introductions. Emma, sweetie, can you look at me for a second?" Emma shakes her head no and keeps her eyes firmly planted on the ground. Victoria sighs but pushes onward.
Nodding, Dean swipes two more cookies. He laughs as he dodges the spatula Mrs. Butters swats at him playfully.
"Yes I'm sure Love. More sure then I've ever been."
"Yeah, in just a moment. I think someone needs their pants changed." Cas holds Levi at eye level wrinkling his nose as he uses his baby voice. "Who needs a clean tussy? Is it you? Yes it is!"
Dinner that night is a quiet affair. Sam sits stewing in his anger after Dean tells him they'll have to pack up tomorrow. This was supposed to be the first year he'd actually stayed at the same school long enough to make friends, and the young Alpha was having a hard time not resenting his little brother. Adam, too, was quiet but in a sad mournful way. The kid knew he fucked up, but Dean didn't scold him. He was just a pup and didn't deserve to hold the weight of blame on his shoulders. Both boys would have to stay home tomorrow to help pack up the car. Dean's pretty sure he could find someone to trade him some cash for his food stamps so hopefully they'd at least make it over the state line before nightfall.
Thinking of the handsome IT tech reminds Cas that he
It's that hint of urgency that has Dean's eyes finally snapping open to take in the sight of the ground coming up to meet him at a rapid rate. He's not dropping as fast as he would be in a free fall but his speed is still well above what it should be for a landing. From the moment that his angel let go, Dean's been gliding down in wide circles, but now that the ground is getting closer and closer, he's suddenly realized he has no idea how to actually
Curious green eyes look down at the dopey looking stuffed moose her uncle had picked out and, without a word, she lets go of her backpack to wrap little fingers around the toy. She stares at it for a long moment before looking up at Dean with a little pinch between her brows.
On day eight, Dean broke.
Before he can devolve into full blown panic mode, Mrs. Butters grips his hand hard, drawing his attention.
Forty minutes later, the smell of a hot fresh pizza is filling the air. Loading up a couple of paper plates and filling up a couple of glasses with ice water, Dean figures they might as well finish their day where it got started and brings the food out to the living room. He sets Emma's plate on her lap, letting her know it's hot, and places her water cup on the end table.
"Cas, this guy here is my buddy Benny. He's actually the one who recommended you for Emma's pictures."
Dean flinches at the harsh words being flung at him. So he was right. Castiel thinks he took advantage of him, thinks he's just another knothead Alpha who took what he wanted with no regards to his Omega’s feelings.
"Dean, what's wrong?" Cas' concerned eyes bore into his, imploring him to finally confess what was causing him pain.
And with that, Dean walks out of Adler's office and works his way past the other people still answering phones, until he makes it back to his desk. There are two framed pictures, one of Elizabeth holding Vada in the hospital and one of Dean and a two-year-old Vada at his brother Sam's graduation. Dean snatches them off his desk and turns to leave. He doesn't look back.
"Sorry Alpha, sorry, just need you."
"I would appreciate that Dean, thank you. I'll also be making an appointment even though my last test came back clean as well." He drops his eyes in embarrassment. "I can worry sometimes, about certain things, especially the idea that something could make me sick enough to not be able to care for my children. It can make me neurotic sometimes."
"Hey, man. I'm Dean, and this is Emma. Sorry for just dropping by, but my friend recommended this place and said you take walk-ins."
Hello and happy...Thursday 😅 so sorry I'm late y'all. Life has just been a little crazy but you get an extra long chapter to hopefully make up for it!
Gritting his teeth as the voice explained the call was being monitored, he waited to be connected. A click and the sound of breathing was all it took to push his twisted emotions into pure anger.
I lost him. I lost him didn't I?"
Swiping over to his contacts, Cas pulls up Gabe’s number and texts him in as little detail about the situation as possible, asking what he should do.
Chapter 2 y'all and we are getting into some real smut lol mind the tags they have been updated.
The angel doesn't let go of his face though, just keeps smiling, but it's softer now more fond. Dean's eyebrows come together in a furrow but he glances down. His breath immediately seizes in his lungs, fear gripping him, his body going stiff and heavy, his hands locking down tight where he's still gripping Cas' wrists.
"Stop calling me, Omega. I have a name, and I'd prefer you use it."
Ellen has appeared during his tearful goodbye and she takes charge of the little ones so Cas can hop back in the car.
. He might not have had the deepest relationship with Lydia, but she had to have known Dean would have been there, would have
"Hey, Cassie! Long time, no see. You gonna make it up them stairs okay?" Gabriel's good-natured teasing is a lot more charming after months of being apart, and Cas can't help smiling, his eyes squinting with humor.
"Mommy!" Emma drops Dog in her haste to snatch the phone out of Dean's hand, and she drops onto her butt right in the grass. She cradles the phone against her ear, and even though Dean can't hear what Lydia is saying, he can see the tears falling from Emma's eyes.
"Yes Dean, I'm more than sure. There's nothing I'd like more than to spend tonight in your arms and to wake up with you in my bed."
Cas bit his lip in thought. He didn't like lying but he also didn't want to end up on some FBI watchlist for trying to get around the current Omega laws. He chooses his words carefully before sending his reply.
"Your mom's on the phone, kiddo. She wants to say hi."
have this talk before getting too into things. He thumbs Dean's nipple and silently promises himself he'll get his chance to taste later. He folds his arms across Dean's chest and props his chin on them so they can look each other in the eye.
As Castiel's voice grew in volume, another light began swirling around them. This one golden like the last light of a setting sun. It was warm where the white light was cool and they danced around each other like seperate beings.
Eventually, they stop for lunch. Sam finds them an open picnic table and gets Emma settled while Dean eyes the food trucks. He's going to be lucky if he even finds something Emma will actually eat. Castiel pulls his own paper bag lunch from the messenger bag slung over his shoulder, and Dean eyes it with envy. They hadn't planned on being at the park this long or he would have packed something as well.
Feeling a little foolish, Cas goes over his encounter with Dean. Now that he's saying it out loud, it seems even more ridiculous that the man might have been flirting with him. Meg seems to think otherwise though, clapping her hands together and crowing with delight at the end of his story.
Next to Sam, Adam looks even tinier than his seven years. Fat tears slide down his little face as he clings to Sammy like a lifeline. Dean is the only mama Adam has ever known, and the Omega takes the roll seriously. Dean had only been 11 when John came home with a squalling red-faced infant loud enough to wake the dead and dumped the poor thing into Dean's skinny little arms. Adam's real mother had pushed him out of her womb and right out the door in an effort to get away from the toxic infection that was John Winchester himself. For reasons Dean has never understood, John had kept Adam instead of dropping him at the first available firehouse. Of course, Dean wouldn't hear of parting with the little guy now. Adam was a sweet kid and easy enough to care for. As long as they had some cartoons and enough Easy Mac to choke an elephant, the kid was happy. He followed Sam around like a shadow and didn't understand what was really happening to them right now.
Be aware the very first part is smut. If you want to skip it just scroll to the first line of @@@@'s.
"And the pup? I have every intention of keeping it, just to inform you."
"Just like this." Dean can feel Castiel's breath against the back of his neck, and it sends a shiver down his spine. There was no way he wasn't about to lose a finger with the way his attention was focused solely on the heat of Castiel's body and the overwhelming urge to press his hips back into the other man.
"Does that mean he's coming back to class?" Teddy pipes up from the table.
"Whoa, who's the lucky lady slash fella that's got you smiling like that? Dare I say it's love?" Charlie bounces over to the empty seat across from him and flutters her eyelashes a few times.
Hello everyone! Posting a wee bit early because my internet may be spotty the next few days due to the wildfires in my area.
The drive to the high school is short, and Sam waves a hasty goodbye, jumping out of the car and getting swallowed up in the crowd of teenagers milling about. The elementary school is next, but here Dean parks and walks Adam straight to class so he can give him a hug and a kiss goodbye. Adam's teacher thinks Dean gave birth to the kid, and he's never corrected her on the matter. Lord knows how old the woman thinks he is, but it works out either way. As long as she believes Dean has a legal right to the kid, then that's all that mattered. Although she didn't have to be such a bitch about it.
Trigger warning in end notes.
"Yeah, well, not in my experience they don't."
"I don't know. He's yours, so I guess that means you get to pick."
He holds onto Dean like a lifeline and lets out his grief.
He's pale and so still.
Vada isn't a big fan of that rule.
"Dean, we should call someone."
Dean leans down to press their lips together in a tender kiss before following the nurse and their pup out of the OR.
"Right, yes, lets go."
"Alright kiddo, here is the bathroom, and you don't ever have to ask to use it, just help yourself. I'm just gonna fill the tub and let you do your thing. You do take baths by yourself, right?" Emma stares at him with big eyes but keeps her lips pressed tight together. Dean clicks his tongue and barrels on. "Right, well I'm sure you'll be fine. I'll just leave the door open in case. Okay, so here are the towels, they're nice and fluffy." Dean pulls out two towels from the cupboard over the toilet, one for Emma and one for the floor. He also grabs the bottle of bubble bath he'd purchased when shopping for Emma's other things.
Emma listens raptly snuggled into the softness of Dean's cardigan and munching her cookie, getting crumbs all over Dog. Despite the room filling up quickly and the many people interested in getting Castiel's attention, the photographer stays close to Dean and Emma. More than once, Dean overhears someone asking Cas if they're his family, and he's surprised by the longing it triggers in him.
Emma smiles and lays her head on Dean's shoulder, shy now that she has Cas' attention.
"Alright sweetheart, just leave your clothes on the floor and after you shut the curtain, I'll come pick them up and wash them with the sheets. Okay, are you good? Do you need anything else?"
Even Dog the moose gets a special bow tie Dean manages to MacGyver out of duct tape and stickers.
Dean gives Cas a slow smile and nods. He definitely doesn't mind hanging out, especially since the alternative is sitting at home waiting for his brother Sam to get home and bitch about work.
With a firm but encouraging voice, Charlie had given him one hell of a pep talk, ending with a stern, "You've got this Dean, and I expect to meet that little cutie before our next game night."
"You're doing so good Dean, so good for me."
Castiel stares at the items on his dresser for a long moment. He certainly never thought this would be the way he conceived his children. His fantasies have always involved a loving mate and sharing an intimate heat and then the joy of finding out they were going to be parents. He lets his feelings of grief over the loss of that fantasy fill him for a few moments before shaking off his feelings of melancholy to focus on the possibilities ahead of him.
Dean's smile widens, and he lets himself drop softly onto Cas, propping his chin on top of his hands where they lay folded over Castiel's chest.
How are we feeling?
As they sit quietly and munch, Dean looks around his yard and realizes as nice as it is, there isn't much to keep a kid busy. No swings, or bikes, not even a kickball. Just a big rectangle of grass with a nice patio for grilling and a few trees for shade. There weren't even any flowers planted, because he liked the low mentace of just mowing and watering. Before, Dean always thought his backyard was the best part of his house, but now it seems empty and pointless.
They stay for well over an hour until Emma starts to get cranky and tired. When he tells Castiel it's time for them to head out, he looks genuinely sad to see them go. Dean promises to text him and set up a cooking lesson and congratulates Cas once again on his work. Emma is pouting about leaving but can hardly keep her eyes open. Still, she manages to surprise him when she lifts her arms up to Cas looking for a goodbye hug. Castiel's eyes dart to Dean's looking for guidance, so he gives him a nod. If Emma is comfortable enough for a hug, then that was okay with Dean.
As always please enjoy!
“It was a messy break up and after that, I just didn't bother trying anymore. It was just a coincidence that I got paired with Ben in the mentor program. I knuckled down at school, uh kind of still spent a few years bed-hopping, but that got old and, well, lonely so I just gave up all together and focused on finishing school. Gonna be real honest with you, Cas...you already mean more to me than Lisa ever did, and I'm fucking terrified of messing this up because I have
