“But I’m not tired, Bobby,” Gabriel said.
“I’m sure,” Dean said. “Can you get it all done today?”
“He’s emotionally intelligent, but that doesn’t mean he isn’t still scared of some things,” Sam continued. “Like you.”
Dean had finally stopped driving because he’d found a tattoo shop -- a little place on the side of the road with a tiny red neon sign advertising its services. Dean walked in to find exactly the type of place he had expected (and wanted) to find -- a gritty, leather-bound place with one heavy set guy sitting at a desk whose name tag read “GIL.”
, which makes this a little--
“Absolutely,” Dean said. “You’re coming gift shopping with me, right? I’ll go insane if I have to be with the group all day. Before you got here it was even worse, if you can imagine.”
Okay, okay, I get it. You’re pretending to be Lucifer, right? Because Gabriel is making us?
“Only if you wash that smell off,” Dean said, riffling around in his bag for some soap. “Here,” he said, tossing his body wash to Cas.
“Though, I suppose, if I had a new superior who was due to come to town… well… that might be another story,” Alastair said, winking at Dean and heading casually towards Sam. Sam stiffened, as if only now realizing the gravity of the situation, and started trying to do his mind-control thing. He cleared his throat and stared Alastair in the eyes, holding his hand out and trembling with effort, but Alastair was completely unaffected.
Cas went to rise from the bed but found his hand grabbed by Dean who pulled him back down. He laid a soft kiss on his lips.
So the doctor rattled through his questions (“Age?” “Do you know about how far along you are?” “Any history of heart disease?”) and Dean was tired of talking when finally twenty minutes later he was finally done.
“He didn’t…until last night.” Dean said. “It wasn’t because I was ashamed of Cas or anything, really. I’m just not very open about my feelings and junk and…yeah I don’t know. He didn’t care. He was happy for me. And he’s known I’m gay for years so it wasn’t anything like that either.” Dean looked over at Cas.
“Is he looking?” Dean asked. Cas chanced a quick glance.
“Good luck at the library.” Dean wished him.
“Yeah, sure.” Dean said, before suddenly remembering the slumbering teen in his bed. “Actually, I’m not sure. My brother is actually here right now and I’m not sure how long he’ll be here.”
“Holy shit.” Sam whispered. “Does anyone else know? It is on the news?’
Dean drove Cas around the town a bit more and pointed out a few things that he had mentioned over the past two years. The small, local vet clinic; Sam’s high school; The auto body shop where Dean worked. Eventually they ended up at the Roadhouse.
“Hey, I just realized, I didn’t hear any weird noises driving over.” Dean said. It was true. The radio had been playing quietly in the background while the two of them talked during the ride over. Just the basic likes, dislikes, school, hobbies, etc. Cas looked like he had forgotten about the noise as well.
He couldn’t stay behind the bar. Not if John was around. But he was going to be fine. Cas was getting Ellen and Dean would explain….well he would think of something. But he would just ask Ellen to take over behind the bar and maybe Bobby could talk to her later? Dean’s thoughts were cut short at the sound of the main entrance door opening.
“That’s good, it means your milk production is on schedule.”
Dean probably would have let Ellen hold him for the next hour or so if it hadn’t been for the knock at the door.
The double funeral took place a few days later. It was grander even than the one for Dean’s mother only 7 years prior. Although Dean had to say that the adoring public that came out in droves didn’t seem quite as enthusiastic as before, but that could have been Dean’s imagination.
“My name is Michael.. How about we go somewhere a little more private.”
Dean had left that night and walked to the nearest bus station. He had enough cash in his pocket for a ticket so he picked the one leaving soonest and hopped on. But he was no idiot. He knew his dad would try to follow. So as soon as he arrived at the first town he went to the nearest bar (with his fake ID) and conned a few men at pool. With his new money he bought 3 tickets going in opposite directions and then picked one at random to actually get on. After he pulled a similar trick a few more times, he finally bought one for Sioux Falls and found himself walking into Singer Salvage. It was about two weeks after he had fled from his father.
Dean squinted at him. “Our type meaning…?”
“Is everything ok, Dean?”
Ellen stepped away to fill his order and Dean tried to get his breathing under control. His father was sitting at the bar right above him. There was nothing but a few pieces of wood obscuring him from view. Dean mentally kicked himself for his panic. He had a hiding spot, from what he could tell John had no idea he was here, and Ellen didn’t seem like she was about to give it away. He was safe for now and just needed to wait it out.
A warm smile made its way across his face, seeing Cas on the other side of the door.
“Let’s try running his name through facebook. See if he really doesn’t have one.” Kevin said. Gabe complied, and typed ‘Dean Winchester’ into the search bar of the website. There were a few who popped up but none looked like the Dean Winchester on the dating profile and none were located in Kansas.
Dean found himself a few minutes later chugging along in getting down the stairs. He rubbed a hand along his belly as he made his way. His stomach felt firmer than he would have thought, and actually let out a rumble making him realize that he had really only eaten that small bag of chocolate covered pretzels earlier in the day. He decided to head to the kitchen to grab himself a quick something to eat. He headed in that direction and had just entered the employee break room when he stopped in his tracks. Bobby was sitting at the little table. He looked up as Dean entered the room and they both just kind of looked at each other.
What happened? How was he supposed to answer this one? Dean decided to leave because……why? He doubted Sam would believe that he left due to a simple fight. Dean never fought with Dad, that was Sam’s territory. And something that was big enough for Dean to leave and not come back? It had to be colossal. Dean’s brain was usually filled to the brim with off the cuff answers for random questions from passers-by, police officers, you name it. He was prepared to come up with a fake name, fake alibi, fake excuse to be let into a building, charming but tragic backstory for the girl at the bar who would buy him a drink and tell him all about the haunting upstairs. But to his brother? Dean fumbled for a response.
“Yeah, hello! Is this Dean?” Gabe asked. There was a pause.
“I’m gonna finish my beer so you have until I’m done that.” It wasn’t saying much. There was less than a third of a bottle left. Cas sighed.
Top Gun was on tv that night. Cas was unsure what would be proper first date material but Dean insisted it was a classic. They sat on Cas’s couch with the popcorn in Dean’s lap. Cas had taken a few pieces but it was mostly Dean making a dent in the snack.
“Could have fooled me.”
“Hello Dean. I will be leaving shortly to go to the library for my first shift. I just wished to stop by and say good morning before I left.” Cas said. Dean noticed that he had ditched the trench coat he wore often and was instead only wearing dress pants and a button up, sans tie.
“Yes, and if you feel that the date was successful enough to warrant it…I would…that is-“
“Whoa, just hold on there Dean.” Ellen interrupted, cutting off Dean’s long-winded speech that had quickly been devolving into mindless rambling. She was looking at him with caring eyes. The eyes of Ellen ‘Jo’s mother’ and not so much of Ellen ‘Hunter’s widow/badass hunter.’
"I'm not just going to let you winged assholes just swoop down here and destroy everything." Dean said.
Cas scrunched up his eyebrows.
“Because….if you’re here and I say everything that I can only usually say on the phone….or if I say things that I’ve wanted to say for a long time then that means that this” Dean gestured between the two of them “is real. It’s a real, actual relationship. And I haven’t ever done very well in that department. And I tend to mess up a lot and I really don’t want to mess up what we have. Because it’s pretty freaking awesome.”
Cas sighed and shuffled away. Only then did Dean chance looking back up. Luckily, only Ellen was there.
"Well Cas is only twenty so I feel like if Sam wanted to date an older guy he would probably reach a little higher. I mean, an eighteen year old can date a twenty year old without a fake profile.” Kevin argued back.
Dean’s mind swirled and he did actually kind of regret not sitting. But he wouldn’t give Michael the satisfaction of wavering.
“You know, I don’t much like lying to people.” Ellen said, giving Dean a stern look.
“All of my clothes mysteriously disappeared. You know anything about that?”
He was about five miles or so down the road when he started seeing some lightning cross the sky. He felt the warm spring air coming in through his open window and didn’t remember seeing that it was supposed to rain. And it wasn’t nearly hot enough for heat lightning. But still the dark sky kept lighting up with electric streaks running across it. He slowed the car to a stop, luckily he had reached a stretch of open road outside the main part of town. He tapped his fingers on the steering wheel and leaned forward as much as his stomach would let him to peer up at the sky, wondering if he should turn back.
And with that, Crowley stepped back out into the hallway leaving Dean along with Bobby and Cas.
“Are you sure? I don’t have anything for him to change into here so I would have to go home anyway.” Dean replied. Ellen gave him a bit of a guilty smile.
At that moment, Dean pulled out his phone. They were surprised to find it to be a very old model. It clearly did not have a camera on it.
The silence was like wet blanket over the room. Dean wished he could at least hear the ticking of a clock but all his digital one did was stare at him from its spot on the nightstand. Sam sat in the armchair in the corner, his backpack slumped at his feet.
He put the bottle of pills back on the shelf and continued on his way.
Dean leaned back in his seat contemplating his next moves. He turned towards Cas.
Once the door had clicked shut and Sam’s footsteps faded away, Dean sunk into the armchair and breathed out a sigh of relief.
“Any plans to get together again anytime soon?” Gabe asked.
It felt like no time at all before there was another knock at the door. Dean cursed his luck, but looking at the clock revealed that it had been a couple of hours and was actually close to noon. Sam had shifted out of Dean’s arm and had curled up on his side. Rather than wake him right away, Dean hefted himself out of bed stepped over to the door, cracking it for the interrupting knocker on the other side.
Cas seemed to shake out of his trance and looked down at Dean. He adopted a small smile and shook his here.
“I’ll have to see if Castiel can work the bar again.” Ellen was saying. “Would you mind stopping by at least once, make sure he hasn’t burned the place down? He means well I know, but he’s not the most….acclimated.”
“Man, I told you I’m not watching the sad kids with cancer movie!” Dean said as Cas laughed. “The one movie you’ve seen in the past ten years and it’s that one.”
It wasn’t until Will started trying to pull off his pants that he pulled away.
“Ok Dean. Enjoy your afternoon.”
“My name is Gabe, I’m the host of a show called Trickster. I’m not sure you’ve heard of it….” Gabe trailed off.
“No I heard he’s a prince. He’s going to be a king one day.”
“Well, he just jumped from 5th to 1st in line for the throne so I think some lifestyle changes can be expected.” Cas replied. Dean threw his hands over his eyes and groaned again.
Bobby’s voice softened, “Will you look at me?” Dean breathed in and out. And then once more. And finally looked up at Bobby, his chewed up fingernails digging into his thighs.
“No, but you’re going to want to know someday. I’m just....I mean, you really have no idea of what you’re getting into here, man. I am a mess and I leave messes behind me everywhere I go.” Dean said, shifting a little away from Cas.
“Look Dean.” Ellen started. “I don’t like lying to people-But when you’re in the business that we are you do it when you have to. As long it’s for the benefit of someone else. Now, all Bobby told me was that your dad had shown up and that under no circumstances was I to let him know that you were there. I’ve known Bobby a long time and he’s never steered me wrong before. So I decided to trust him.”
Dean flopped back on the bed while Cas took a seat on the settee in the corner. The clock on the wall ticked quietly. After a few moments Dean stood and walked over to Cas, kneeling in front of where he was perched on the edge of the settee.
“This discussion makes you uncomfortable?” Cas asked. “I apologize, it was not my intention.”
“Dean, what is your middle name?”
“Bobby?” Ellen asked, hearing the voice coming through the phone. He couldn’t hear what Bobby was saying on the other end of the phone but Ellen just responded after a few moments with a curt “You got it.” She told Bobby she would call him back in a little bit and hung up the phone. Ellen headed over towards Dean’s hiding spot and he had a moment of panic that she would crouch down and reveal him hiding there but she just leaned against the counter and he heard her ask someone what she could get them. He stopped breathing when he heard his father answer.
“Uh, well originally from Lawrence, Kansas but I haven’t been there since I was 4.”
“Dean….what is the purpose of this scene? I am not finding that it adds anything to the plot of the film.”
Dean wondered if he was a terrible person for the relief he felt once his Dad finally died.
“Well, the first thing we need to do is get you set up in a room upstairs.” Ellen answered. “Your dad is probably going to stay with Bobby for a few days so you can stay here so you don’t cross paths. And then you, me, and Bobby need to have a long talk.”
Cas gave Dean a knowing look.
The night after Cas’s first shift they hadn’t had a chance to hang out. John hadn’t yet returned from his hunt so Dean wanted to take advantage of that and spend some more time with Sam. Cas was very understanding and Dean promised visit him at the library the following day to make up for it.
“Swanky joint. Not sure I’m dressed appropriately.” He said. He was only kind of kidding. His jeans didn’t have holes in them or anything but he was wearing jeans, a t-shirt, and a black leather jacket. This place seems more of a post work drinks location for 9-5 executive types.
Dean paused. “I don’t think so.”
Dean sat with his mind reeling in the formal sitting room. Lord Crowley excused himself, both to give Dean a chance to collect himself and to inform members of the household of the change so that they could assist in readying Dean to leave as soon as possible.
“It’s not that simple, kid.” Ellen answered, evasively. Dean rolled his eyes.
Cas was then seated next to Bobby who gave an abbreviated version of the speech which mostly revolved around willingness to use his shotgun. But he clapped Cas on the shoulder and thanked him for being good to Dean.
Thank you everyone for the encouraging comments. I know it's been almost a year since the last update. Things kind of fell apart for me last year, and I know 2020 was rough all around. But I am committed to finishing this story so I promise if you stick with me, we will finish this. I can't make any update promises, but I'm doing my best.
“Bye little brother.” Dean said quietly under his breath, before turning and closing the door silently behind him.
There was a cushioned chair seated next to a small, elegant looking side table with an older model phone sitting on top of it. Yet another façade. The royal family always wanted to keep things looking the
“I’m sorry but…dude, did you just do the yawn and reach?”
“Thanks Bobby.” Dean stood from the table. He offered to help clean but Bobby just told him to head upstairs.
“Oh, did you just need a free mechanic?” Dean said, jokingly. Cas blushed.
“Hunters.” Bobby said. He sat down behind his desk, “Ellen’s husband used to be in the game but since he passed she decided to stick in one place with her daughter. Couple-a old hunter friends started passing through and it became sort of a hub. It’s a good meeting spot or a good place to stop if you’re looking for a case.”
Dean had just grabbed his toothbrush and begun applying toothpaste, poking his head back out the door.
“It’s complicated, Sam”
“He said you’re needed at the palace and didn’t say how long you’d be gone for.” Bobby grunted, hefting a now full suitcase off the bed. Dean stepped forward to help but was brushed off.
Cas stood from the bed and started pacing.
“Yes….no-I don’t know yet. It’s new.” Dean said.
Dean sat on his bed to lace his shoes and was struck with how far he had come in the past five (almost six now) months. He had been living in the same place for almost four months, which was a new record. He had his own room, an expanding wardrobe that couldn’t all fit into one duffel bag, a regular job that gave him some pocket money, and a boyfriend. Oh yeah, and a baby on the way. He had thought that between him and Sam that Sam would be the one to settle down and live a life that was semi normal. But instead there was Dean in his own room, while Sam traipsed around the country with their dad. But maybe once Dean popped out this kid he would be able to track down John and hash out everything. But he still had a few more months and Dean had made sure to send Sam off with some money so he could get himself new clothes that fit so that would have to do for now. Until then, Dean had a date to get to.
“Nothing took me, Sam” Dean replied.
“Dean?” Sam whispered, concerned by the paleness of Dean’s face.
“Yes, we did.” Cas answered, continuing to put his clothes on. “Are you going to freak out now?”
With that Bobby and Ellen glanced at Dean who was focusing hard on his burger. He was contemplating hot sauce when he felt the eyes.
“Yeah…they do” Dean said. He seemed hesitant. “Look, Cas don’t freak out or anything but….when my brother found out about you last night he blabbed and told Bobby and Ellen.”
Dean quirked an eyebrow.
“Ok, seriously, what is so fascinating over there?” He asked, swerving his head. He didn’t see anything out of the ordinary. There was one or two people getting drinks alone, with at least one barstool of space between them and then a group of three at the end, facing the booth Dean and Cas were sharing. He turned back to Cas who was looking down at his hands.
“Dean please don’t feel that you have to-“
“Hey there, Cas!” Gabe said. Cas greeted Kevin and Gabe as well before they started asking him questions.
Dean snorted.
Cas was packing his bag when Meg walked into his room. He ignored her.
“Ok Ellen, if you didn’t want to tell me you didn’t have to just make crap up.”
Dean grunted in return but sat up in bed despite the suggestion.
“It’s mine” Dean stated. He took a hesitant step forward and placed the other two on the table. “I wanted to be sure so I took a couple.”
“Just a water, thanks.” Dean responded. Ellen smiled and took the glass, filling it with some ice and water. She placed it back in front of him.
But as the date of Dean’s coronation drew ever closer he grew more nervous. Surely they should have a decision made by now?
“Ellen…..she is a friend of your Uncle’s, right?” Cas said, trying to remember the people in Dean’s life that he had briefly mentioned.
“So what, you’re like a prince or something?”
Whoa, getting a little dark there Dean. He decided that he’d had his fill of emotions for the day. Dean was rethinking his previous attitude towards the chair. His ankles were starting to throb and he was beginning to feel an ache in his lower back. He had just started towards the chair and was caught mid yawn by the door re-opening. It was Cas’s dark head of hair that poked through the crack in the door.
Dean’s stomach sank a little. He wasn’t sure if he could bring himself to enter what was going to be a bar full of hunters without worry that it might get back to his dad somehow. The hunter network was big but it wasn’t that big.
“No you will not grow breasts. But you will produce milk to feed your child. The sacs in carrier males develop behind your pec muscles. They may appear to enlarge slightly but it will really look more like you’ve been going to the gym a little. They will get a little more tender and sensitive as you get closer to the end of your pregnancy.”
“He has the vaguest about me section. ‘Dean. Mechanic. I love cars and Vonnegut. My brother made me make this page.’” Kevin read out loud. “Well, he’s mentioned the one brother, but what about the half-brother?”
Why hadn’t Dean tried Tinder months ago?
“Ok. Well let’s give Dean a call.” Gabe picked up his phone and dialed Dean’s number. Gabe walked out onto the small porch off the back of the house, leaving Cas and Kevin to sit and wait.
“Hello, Dean.” Cas said. He had left the door partially open and remained standing awkwardly in the doorway. “I just wanted to make sure you were okay.”
“Yeah, he figured it out and just showed up.” Dean said, chuckling slightly.
“So you guys are still together?” Gabe asked.
To Dean’s surprise, Bobby didn’t look angry. He barely looked upset. If Dean had to place his expression, he would have to say that Bobby mostly looked concerned. But one thing Bobby didn’t look was chatty. This was going to be a long conversation. Bobby didn’t want to have it, nor did Dean, but it was an unfortunate necessity. But that didn’t mean either of them was going to make it easier for the other. Dean finally decided to get the ball rolling.
It wasn’t always easy on campus, with one of them being royalty and all. There was more than one snide look at Cas and Dean holding hands and whispers accusing Cas of being a gold digger who “turned” the poor prince who was so sheltered in a castle that he didn’t know any better.
“Yes sir.”
“Well you let Bobby know if he shows up here. He knows how to reach me.” John said. Dean heard the thunk of John’s glass hit the bar and the screech of the bar stool legs on the ground as John stood up from the bar.
“Ok. Well then how about we start with what I need to know that will get me through the next few hours.”
Wow. Dean really just had that thought. If you had asked him a few weeks ago about his father he would have defended him to the death. But now with his impending parenthood….maybe he was feeling a little differently. Dean couldn’t imagine treating his kid the way that his father treated him and Sam. And maybe he’s finally realizing that maybe he deserved a little better.
“I missed you, Dean.” Sam said, once their laughter died down. Again, Dean felt that wave of guilt curl in his stomach. His brother, though he’d already noted his growth spurt, seemed small sitting in the borrowed armchair. Dean hated himself for leaving his younger brother, not taking a minute to call or send a message. Traveling alone with their father with no one to turn to and no one to help. Dean felt the guilt quickly turned to panic as he saw Sam subtly try wipe at his eyes, though no tears had fallen. Dean shifted over on his bed to clear a space next to him.
That could have gone much worse.
“Well, you know how it is” Ellen answered, “Serving up a bunch of rowdy hunters with glorified war stories that they think are gonna impress me. I’m living the dream.”
Crowley sighed.
“You know you look pretty cute when you’re all grumpy.” He said. Cas turned to him with a surprised expression.
“The what now?”
“Come on, Bobby. It’s the 21st century and I’m 24 years old. My fiancé should be allowed to sleep in my room.” Dean protested, words slightly garbled by the toothbrush in his mouth.
They pulled into the driveway of a nice little farmhouse. They got out of the car and made their way up to the porch. Cas stood just off the porch with Kevin and the crew behind them as Gabe went up to knock on the door. Cas felt his breath catch in his throat as the door handle twisted and slowly opened.
“Sam called me. Last week.” Cas said, the conversation shifting quickly. “He told me you’ve been having a rough time.”
“Now, we did have a few questions for you. Dean, why do you only have the one picture on your dating profile? And honestly, it seemed a little vague.” Gabe said.
“Oh…um. No, that’s just an expression.” Dean clarified. “It means that the drink is free.”
Cas realized his error in his questioning as he froze with the tables turned on him. He looked down at his hand that was still resting on Dean’s leg and began picking at a thread on his jeans.
“I guess I am a little.” Cas said. “I guess I was sort of hoping that you would find conclusive evidence that he was real and I would be able to meet him knowing for sure that he is who he says he is. But now…I guess I’m having doubts. I don’t like feeling like this.”
“Jo’s got your room set up upstairs. It’s room number 3, you just head up the stairs and it’s the first on the right. The other way down the hall are mine and Jo’s rooms and Cas is in number 4 across the hall from you.” Dean nodded. “Boy, you look dead on your feet. Get on up there and lie down for a bit. I can handle the bar for now.”
“You have to understand what a…grand statement you are making Mr. Voce-“
After what seemed like forever, Dean felt the weight remove from his body, and the hands around his neck retreated. He heard the car groan as Will shifted over to the driver’s side. Through Dean’s closed eyes he saw a light glow, as if there was that light flashing again. There was a loud gasp and then Dean heard Will. He couldn’t pick out what he was saying but he sounded panicked and he was poking at Dean’s face and feeling around his wrist. Dean groaned in response and the hands went away. Dean felt the car move again as the door opened and Will got out. He felt the door behind him give way followed by hands under his arms, pulling him out of the truck. His feet hit the ground as the rest of him was slowly lowered down.
“Ok…and…thanks, Bobby” Dean said. Bobby just nodded his head and waved Dean towards the door.
“Shit Sammy, I’m sorry. I should have said something before I left. I just thought it would be better if you didn’t know. At least then you wouldn’t have to lie to dad about it.”
"Thank you." Anna said. "What you have to understand is that God created free will for humans and humans alone. Angels, on the other hand....well let's just say things are a bit more rigid in Heaven. The prophecy of apocalypse has been around almost as long as time and it's always been what was supposed to happen. And an angel will do what they are told. But there are some of us who believe that we have a choice. We don't have to blindly follow Michael and his crusade against Lucifer. So we went underground. Castiel was the leader of my garrison both as a part of Michael's army and the rebellion. We've been working together for years to try and stay a step ahead of Michael and stop his plans before they come to fruition and destroy the Earth in the process. When we discovered his latest plan to try and get a head start against Lucifer we were working on a way to protect you."
He always intended to get Sam tested, though. He was about the right age for it and Dean wanted to be sure that Sam knew how to take care of himself. He never quite knew how to bring it up to his dad though. He figured that his dad would brush it off. No sense in getting tested for being a carrier unless you were planning on taking it up the ass anytime soon and no son of his would ever be so disgraceful. He would have just taken Sam himself but you needed parental consent. He could forge John’s signature well enough but someone would have to go with Sam and there was no way he looked old enough to pass for Sam’s parent.
“So I guess we won’t get to hang out as much, with you being a working man and all.” Dean said.
“So basically we have no information.” Cas said, cupping his hands around the mug of coffee sitting in front of him.
“No, it’s not that it’s just…” Dean rubbed at his eyes before shrugging, “Ok yeah, it makes me a little uncomfortable. I’m not used to talking about….you know…”
“So, your brother doesn’t know about Cas?” Gabe asked. Cas looked at Dean and bit his lip.
selected books that Cas should check out for himself. He was currently halfway through Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
Dean pulled his feet out of Cas’s lap and sat up so he was sitting cross legged on the sofa.
Dean fit in pretty well at the Roadhouse. Like Ellen said, it was mostly just pouring beers and then the occasional shot. The hunters who came in weren’t fancy. The only time he had to make actual drinks was occasionally when civilians came in and wanted something a little fancier, but he still hadn’t had to make anything more complicated than a Jack and coke.
At that moment, Ellen took another healthy swig of her gin and poured some more into her mug. She seemed to stare into the mug for a few moments. Dean might have let her have a moment but he needed information.
Anyway, I hope you enjoy!
“Can we talk about something else?” Dean asked, desperately. Cas was quiet for a moment before nodding.
“I was wondering….well hoping perhaps…once I’ve gotten my first paycheck.” Cas fumbled over his words, “Would you be interested in having a meal with me?”
“Cas, do you ever video chat with Dean? Or has he sent you any pictures of himself?” Kevin asked.
“Don’t let Ellen hear you say that” Dean laughed. Cas smiled.
“Hey,” Dean murmured, nudging Cas with his shoulder. “Where are you?”
“I don’t think there’s anything you can do, man. Look, it’s not a commentary on your personality or your public popularity or anything. Everyone loves you. The country is excited to have a young, liberal ruler. But if the Council rules that this Marv guy has a stronger claim then I guess that’s that.”
“Does that make you Watson?”
“No! I don’t wish that at all. I’m really glad to finally have met you, you know, in person.” Dean said, gesturing to Cas.
He just hated the idea of the burden he would put on the man. Bobby would let him stay because he was a good man but what about after Dean had the baby? It’s one thing to let a pregnant teenager crash in your spare room but having a single, teenage father with a screaming baby living under your roof was a completely different story.
“Are you ok?” He murmured into Dean’s ear. Dean let out a loud sigh but didn’t answer right away.
Cas returned with a cell phone in hand and passed it directly to Dean without a word.
“Shut up.” Dean replied, icily. “I’m gonna get in my car and you are not going to follow me. And in return, I won’t run your ass over.”
“Yes, you need to see a doctor. This isn’t something that we can just pour alcohol on and sew up.” Ellen said, before turning back to her computer. She cursed and hit the large monitor that sat on her desk.
“Four, almost five months” Dean replied. Ellen’s eyebrows shot up.
“What’s going on with you today, kid?” Ellen asked, warmly.
And it was true. The carrier gene was something that was found in men occasionally. It wasn’t too terribly common, but it was common enough that not many looked twice at a pregnant man walking down the street. Typically most males were tested around the age of thirteen in order to better inform them of the adolescent changes that would be occurring. Male carriers didn’t function like women. It’s not like they had a uterus that shed its lining every month. They may be more prone to fevers and abdominal cramps than non-carrying males, however it was never anything that occurred often enough for Dean to question it. Sometimes you caught a bug from eating crappy diner food or staying in a flea bitten motel.
Dean found his head throbbing from it’s impact with the car door, and the throbbing was only intensifying with the vice grip around his throat, cutting off his oxygen. He grasped at Will’s hands, trying to pull them off. He was just starting to see black creep into his vision when Will released him and he slumped down.
“Yeah, I know Ellen.” Dean sighed, sinking further into the chair and running his hand over his face. Ellen’s face softened a little as she looked at the teenager. She crossed over and half perched on her desk in front of Dean.
“I’m on a plane, Sammy. Headed to the palace.”
“He’s hiding in his room. I’ll go get him.” Meg disappeared. Gabe shrugged and smiled into the camera that Kevin was pointing at his face. Kevin jokingly zoomed the camera in and out while Gabe made funny faces for a minute until Meg came out with Cas.
“Dean, let us watch Adam for you. Sam can stay over too.” Ellen said, catching them before they headed to the door.
“Yeah, I’m a mechanic actually.”
“Yeah, I ain’t so sure of that. You know your dad came by looking for you.” Bobby said, not lowering the gun. “Seemed concerned that something got you but he wouldn’t say what he was hunting when you disappeared.”
There was a small part of Dean that thought about asking how long Michael had been possessing Dean's unfortunate date. But it felt petty and small to ask.
“Did you know the whole time you’ve been here?” He asked. Dean paused before nodding.
The next few weeks were spent in what passed as domestic bliss for Dean. He would get up and putter around the house for a bit before Bobby found something for him to work on for the day. Whether it was working on a car in the lot or looking up lore for some hunter that had called asking for help. He would offer to man the phones but he was worried that John might call and recognize his voice. But Bobby didn’t seem to mind if Dean had one thing he didn’t want to do. He never seemed to find the right moment to tell Bobby the truth about why he was there and Bobby made it easy by never asking. So Dean made it to his third month without uttering a word.
“Listen, Cas….don’t feel like…I mean, you don’t have to come over or anything…I didn’t know they planned-“ Dean was cut off when Cas silenced him with a kiss. Dean was frozen momentarily before reaching out and letting his fingers skim Cas’s waist. Cas’s hands were on either side of Dean’s neck, one sliding around to the back of his head as he pressed their lips insistently together. Dean tightened his grip and wrapped his arms around Cas, pulling him closer. They kissed there for a few moments, under the neon light above the Roadhouse. They pulled back a moment later and caught their breath.
“About as well as you would think.” Dean answered. “He’s annoyed that he has to leave school to tend to royal duties.”
Cas’s eyes lit up, much like they had when they had finally determined that tropical beverages were very much to his liking. Cas took a few more before handing the bag back to Dean.
There was silence on the other end for a beat befo
Dean asked.
“Well, technically, I am Prince Dean of the house of Campbell. That’s my formal, royal title.” Dean said, leaning back against his own pillow, a mirror image to his roommate. “My Grandfather is King Samuel the second and my uncle is Crown Prince David.”
“Perhaps.” Cas replied.
Crowley was more inclined to believe the latter.
Will reeled back but did not cry out in pain. It seemed that he was more surprised by the attack than hurt. He ripped the shoe from Dean’s hand and began beating the holy hell out of him. Every time Will’s fist landed on Dean he tried to swing one back. Even incapacitated, Dean’s swings were strong and true, but it was like hitting a statue. Dean felt a finger break on one particular hit and after a few more, resorted back to pushing and trying to squirm away.
“For someone who doesn’t drink much you sure picked an interesting place to live.” Dean said. He pulled out his bar rag and began wiping down the counter next to Castiel. Not because it was dirty but because he needed an excuse to stand there and make conversation.
Bobby looked up from his newspaper and shook his head.
Dean found himself wiping down the counter one slow afternoon and glancing curiously at the man at the end of the bar. Castiel, Jo had said that he was called. He came down, requested a glass of water and then buried his nose in his book which appeared to be some Russian novel. Dean was trying to think of some conversation starter but he couldn’t seem to think of anything. The man never asked for any beverage aside from water, Dean couldn’t exactly strike up a conversation about Russian literature, and he had no idea where the guy was even from. But he did know that he was tired of wiping down the counter so he decided to find something else to do.
“There has been a development that we need to make you aware of before the news breaks across the country.” Crowley said. Dean nodded to him to continue and steeled himself. Dean would realize later that no amount of deep breathing would have prepared him for what Crowley was about to say. Crowley took a momentary pause before continuing, “I regret to inform you of the sudden passing of your Grandfather, King Samuel, and your Uncle, Prince David. They were killed in a car accident no more
“Well, what if I want you to be my secretary? I mean, I’m King now so can’t I pick who I want?”
Not to mention, Dean was sure that he would have plenty of new items added to his wardrobe over the next few weeks. He didn’t have quite the array of pants and vests and jackets and who knows how many pairs of shoes he might need. He was going to miss his t-shirts he thought with a tinge of regret.
Dean felt an immediate weight lift off of his chest at the uttering of the words. It occurred to him the moment after they left his lips that it was the first time he had actually said them out loud. He had thought it on many an occasion. But even the sole time that he had spoken aloud about his condition he hadn’t said those two words in that particular order.
Dean sat there for a few moments, still unsure if John had actually seen him and was just trying to sneak up on him.
“Hey guys” she said. She had a low, almost smoky voice.
“Oh absolutely. I may even dye my hair.”
Dean found himself sitting in his office reviewing minutes from the last Council meeting for the third time when Bela entered the room.
Castiel had come up to visit Dean while taking a brief break from manning the bar. He had stumbled over another invitation to hang out in his apartment and Dean readily agreed.
“Hey” Sam stopped in his trek to the door. “I’m glad you know now. It’s actually kind of nice to not have to hide it around everyone.”
“Well nothing is set in stone. Dean and I aren’t naïve about how smoothly our relationship will be expected should we try to make it more permanent.” Cas replied, sipping on his tea. He winced as the scalding liquid hit his tongue. He pursed his lips as he thought carefully about how to continue. “Not to be rude but I am unsure what my relationship has to do with the Council at this time.”
“Absolutely. We are stronger than ever.” Dean replied.
“I said, I don’t want to do that.” Dean replied, a little stronger this time. “I don’t want to kill it.”
“You know….back in the day you hit up the drive in, grab some popcorn, licorice, a couple of sodas as big as your head. Then you ditch all the snacks and hop in the backseat and uh...” Dean raised his eyebrows suggestively and waved his hand in a ‘you get my gist’ gesture. Cas nodded his head and Dean decided not to call him out on obviously not getting the gist. He was such a weird little dude.
“Enough with the cryptic pauses, Ellen.”
Castiel smiled and took the offered hand.
The coronation went off without a hitch. Dean knew his lines and his choreography, as he called it as Sam mocked him with jazz hands during rehearsal. It was one of the few times in Sam’s life that he saw his brother truly look solemn. But it was not an unhappy or a dreadful solemnity. It was serene.
Dean was momentarily distracted as a gruff looking gentleman came up with his empty glass. Cas watched with a fond smiled as Dean shot a few friendly barbs back and forth as he refilled the man’s whiskey. Once the man had gone again, Dean turned back to Cas.
Later that year the episode aired. Cas happened to be visiting Dean during his winter break so they had a little viewing party. At the end of the episode, text appeared on the screen to show the most up to date status of the couple.
Dean mostly putzed around the town for an hour or so. He hadn’t checked out much of it and it seemed pretty nice. Very Pleasantville. Makes him wonder what would make a bar like the Roadhouse a hunter hotspot. He cruised the car slowly down the main street. He may have gone a little slower than the speed limit so he could look around but there was little to no traffic so nobody seemed to notice or care. He took in the little boutiques and coffee shops. There was a diner that looked like it hadn’t changed since the 50’s. He decided he would have to come back another day to walk around and check out whether the diner had good burgers.
Cas squeezed Dean’s hand gently and Dean squeezed back.
“What did you tell Bobby?” Dean asked. Ellen sighed and leaned forward in her chair.
“What is funny, Dean?” Cas asked. And he looked so genuinely confused that Dean almost didn’t want to call him on it.
"Before we could figure out the best way to help, Castiel was found out. He was caught by a former friend, an angel named Uriel. He was turned in and they cut out his grace."
“Um. Usually only for formal events and stuff. And even then it’s mostly just helping them put on a jacket and handing them things. Except for the women. They usually have dressers to help them zip…and stuff.” Dean said, his throat feeling scratchy. “Dude, did we-?”
“Hey, come here, Sammy.” Dean said. Sam jumped from his seat across the room and joined Dean on the bed. He rested his head on Dean’s shoulder and Dean’s arm wrapped around his brother and held him in a way that he hadn’t in years, and yet it felt like coming home.
“Hey Cas. I guess we’re going to be neighbors for a little bit.” He said, motioning to the door with the little metal number 3 nailed onto it. Cas spared a glance over his shoulder at the door before turning back to Dean.
He smiled up at Cas who smiled back.
He steeled himself and started up the car. The Chevelle that Bobby had given him what seemed like ages ago roared in response and Dean continued on the highway heading out of town. He refused to look in the rearview mirror, knowing that if he even glanced back at the little town he might not be able to stop himself from leaving.
“You’re uh….you’re pregnant”
"This is not your son." Dean managed to say between gritted teeth. "Just because you were riding around in some guy does not make it yours."
Dean frowned and looked at his watch. He still had another 25 minutes before he was supposed to meet with the chef to review the coronation feast menu for finalization. He beckoned for Bela to show in
Dean smiled and hung up before the beep could sound.
“Excuse me, my what production?”
It felt a little awkward at first, as the conversation was stilted in a way it hadn’t been in the weeks since they’d first met. This was more formal than any other time they had hung out, given that every other time had taken place in the bar downstairs. Plus, this was the first time they purposely hung out with romantic intentions in the air. It was clear that Cas wasn’t sure what to do on a date and it’s not like Dean was an expert.
Years later Crowley would demolish that man during election season to secure his own seat.
John was…here? Here. John was in town. John was potentially spitting distance from the Roadhouse. Holy shit – John could be IN the Roadhouse. Dean spun around in a jerky circle, quickly taking in the faces in the bar and somehow convinced that John had snuck past him and was stalking him like a lion on the Serengeti. He took a few calming breaths as he realized that John wasn’t here. He had to get his shit together. John wasn’t here, but that didn’t mean that he couldn’t show up any second. He let out one last rush of breath and nodded to himself. He turned back to Cas to find him off his stool. He was standing and had taken a few steps to the entrance of the back of the bar. He looked at Dean like a spooked animal.
“Ok Cas.” Dean said, sounding suddenly exhausted. “So what’s the endgame here? Cause if you want out now is a good time. And I can’t say that I’d blame you.”
“Look, ok yes he’s my ex. He was a lawyer at my brother’s firm and we started dating. But as soon as we had been dating for a few months he changed. He only wanted to hang out with me if one of my brothers were there, he would come into the office with the same suit from the night before smelling like perfume, he began asking me what he had to do to become partner and I just…it was so degrading. I realized he was obviously cheating on me and only wanted to date me because it was my family’s firm. Unfortunately, he caught on that the jig was up and very publically dumped me before I could break up with him back. I just didn’t….” Cas mulled over his words for a moment, picking at the label on his beer bottle. “I was always overshadowed by my siblings and all their accomplishments because they’re so much more ambitious than I am and I just didn’t want to be the sad loser who got dumped at the office Christmas party.”
“Good morning, Cas!” Came Gabe’s chipper voice from behind the camera. Cas grumbled but let the crew in.
“But we came to Bobby’s before and you weren’t here.” Sam questioned.
Cas stared blankly.
Sorry for the long wait! I've been crazy busy with work the last few months and that paired with some writers block has caused a bit of a delay. I've still got some work to do but I am still a few chapters ahead writing wise so I figured I would give you guys a chapter! Enjoy!
“Well I will have to send her a fruit basket or something then.” Dean joked. The tension let out of the room a little as everyone laughed.
“And anyway, I’m deferring to her on how to take care of your kid. I never had kids of my own….well, not the conventional way anyway” Bobby gave a slight smile before the moment passed again, “and I don’t know the first thing about having them. She’ll need to be the one to help you out in that department. I’m just gonna do what I’m told.”
The years of their marriage, much like the few years of their courtship, had their ups and downs. But in the end, their love always won out and with Sam and Dean came new challenges.
Dean took a deep breath. Maybe Bobby was right. Dean was putting the cart before the horse with all of these hypothetical situations. The baby still had a few more months before he or she would be making an appearance so there was plenty of time to make arrangements and make important decisions.
It was on one quiet evening a few weeks into Dean’s rule that Dean felt stiffness in the arm sitting around his shoulders. Cas had been rubbing some tension out of Dean’s shoulder while they watched the evening news from their bed but he hadn’t noticed Cas’s hand pausing in motion and he wondered how long he’d been zoned out for.
“Dude, seriously?” Dean said. Will did not acknowledge Dean’s outburst and got to work on trying to pull his pants down. “Hey, come on, knock it off.”
A few weeks had passed and he found himself enjoying the days that he was at the Roadhouse. He was mostly there on the weekends, including the occasional Thursday. There were no real ‘regulars' as most people were just passing through but he saw the same face once or twice. Except for the guy who Dean had seen on his first day. The man at the end of the bar with his book. He was there almost every day. Dean had asked Ellen about him and she told him that his name was Castiel and that he actually rented a room above the Roadhouse, which surprised Dean. He didn’t even know that they rented rooms.
“Dean, there are people who gather along the sides of the roads just to catch a glimpse of your sweet face. It would be nice if there were a smile on it for them.” She had said, rubbing a knuckle into his cheek. He squirmed away from her and rolled his eyes but he couldn’t fight a small smile.
Dean glared at his new elastic waist pants. He’d almost rather wear sweatpants all the time, but Ellen had been insistent. So he was a new owner of paternity pants, shoes, socks, and shirts (As Ellen had said that his feet would be swelling soon and it couldn’t hurt to have a few shirts with a stretchy stomach area).
And came face to face with John Winchester, who looked down at the little stick on the floor between him and Dean before crouching down and picking it up.
“No, Annie was a code word.” Ellen explained. “Back when we used to hunt together if he called me ‘Annie’ it meant that I needed to be on my guard and ready to fire or jump whatever we were hunting but he couldn’t openly say that. Usually if whatever monster was right nearby wasn’t supposed to know that I was armed or if we were in a public situation. The message was proof that it was him, nobody else knew that and I mean no one. He was using our code but telling me it was ok to trust Anna.”
“Yeah? It’ll just give me another reason to shave it all off.”
“Awesome?”
“What is that supposed to mean?” Dean asked, challengingly. He didn’t like the idea of having it ‘taken care of.’ John looked up at Dean and fixed him with a patronizing gaze.
“Look, man. We’re not saying it’s all a lie. And almost everything we’ve found hasn’t necessarily proved or disproved anything. In fact, it looks more and more like what he is saying is true, just that he’s such a weird, non-technological dude.” Gabe said, trying to be comforting. Cas nodded and stared at Dean’s profile picture that was up on the screen.
"Why is it that you never sent any pictures to Cas? Or why did you never try video chatting?”
Yup. That was a cold-hearted murderer sitting across from him. He smiled and reached out to stop Cas’s fidgeting.
“Oh, doesn’t that affect your pay or something? Just like doing free work?”
Dean pulled up at the Roadhouse after traveling down a slightly dusty back road. It was a nice little place, tucked behind a few trees. The average civilian probably wouldn’t think it was being hidden but it definitely was not meant to be easily stumbled upon by just anyone. There was definite age in the building but it looked more well loved than ramshackle. There seemed to be a few other cars in the lot and the lights were on so it appeared to be open.
“GSA. Gay Straight Alliance.” Sam answered. Dean groaned.
“He also said to be ready to leave in ten minutes.”
The End.
“You understand my point though.” Cas rebutted. “You consider hunting, for example, to be a ‘badass’ occupation perhaps on par with being a fighter pilot?”
“Are you going to say anything that’s not monosyllabic?”
Later that night Dean pulled up in the driveway of a mid-size house that was cream with blue shutters. The lawn was trimmed and there was a Prius in the driveway. He wrinkled his nose at the car but walked past it up to the front door before knocking.
“I think we need to go to Lawrence.” Gabe said, smiling at Kevin.
As the new reigning sovereign, it was Dean’s honor to drop the first handful of dirt into each grave before being followed by Sam and then a litany of distant cousins whose names Dean could never really remember.
“Thanks Ellen. I owe you one.”
“Who is Robert Singer?” Gabe asked. They tried googling his name but nothing came up.
“Of course, I understand.” Dean replied. “I think it can work though. I’ve heard what people say about Cas. They seem to like him a lot.”
Kevin and Gabe went to the same college and only had one class together; Computers and Networking. Kevin seemed to excel in the course (Along with every other course he took, he would be proud to tell you) so Gabe came to him on bended knee to ask for his help in trying to figure out if Kali was who she said she was. Gabe was a TV/Film major and thought it could be a cool idea to film the process. So Kevin sat down with Gabe and they went through her facebook and all of their messages and they eventually discovered that ‘Kali’ was actually a man by the name of Baldur. He had created the profile to spy on his ex-girlfriend, Anna, who was a friend of Gabe’s. When Gabe started chatting with Kali, Baldur felt like he had to keep up the profile so that Anna wouldn’t get suspicious. In the end, Baldur felt a little bad about what he did but, frankly, was kind of a tool.
‘Nice save, Winchester’ Dean berated himself.
He rubbed his stomach for a few moments, keeping his other hand on the wheel. He was supposed to be driving home but his head was running a mile a minute but all he kept coming up with was more questions. He skipped the turn to Bobby’s and thought he would just drive around for a little while to clear his head.
“Yeah well your place is going to be mob city tomorrow morning as soon as everyone hears the news. We don’t want anything happening to you.” Dean said firmly.
“I’m right here, just ‘spaced out’ as you usually say.” Cas stated. He kissed Dean’s head and turned back to the tv.
“Ok so how about you try again?” Dean said, turning to face Cas who gently rolled his eyes.
“I had a lovely evening, Dean” Cas said, shuffling somewhat awkwardly. “I certainly hope that we can go out again, if you feel the same.”
“I’ll be right back, Dean. You just sit tight.” Ellen said. Dean nodded and the door closed, leaving Dean alone in the office.
About a week and a half later they were playing video games off their little TV in their dorm room when Cas randomly asked “So do people bow to you and stuff?”
“Shut up.”
“Yeah, technically I’m a prince.” Dean said. His brother, Sam, would have been annoyed of this conversation already but at 15 there wasn’t much that didn’t annoy the kid. He was already pretty disenfranchised with the whole “royal family” thing and was just counting his lucky stars that there was about a 0% chance he would ever have to take a formal title aside from Prince.
John’s eyes snapped up and met Dean’s. He gulped nervously but John just clenched his fist and turned and walked towards the main room. Dean heard the bathroom door open behind him and Sam came out. He looked curiously at Dean.
But local politics held no true interest for Crowley. He didn’t truly care whether a sidewalk was put in on Coral Street or whether there should be firmer policies around loitering in the town square. But he bided his time, currying favor with his township before moving up and up the ladder straight to court. He was the youngest person to join the High Council in 43 years, at the young age of 32. He served for 15 years before being unanimously elected Chairman, the highest elected position in the entire country, and his first five years had gone as well as could be expected. King Samuel was not the easiest royal to work for but Crowley was a shark and got what he wanted. His sixth year was proving to be the most interesting by far of any other in his years of public service.
Dean’s eyebrows skyrocketed up as Charlie gave him a knowing smile. She stood up off the couch and picked up her bag before giving Dean a Vulcan salute.
“Let’s just remember to keep an open mind.” Kevin was advising from the back seat. “He could be exactly who he says he is and everything could be true. But we have to remember that some or all of what he has said could be a lie, or he could be hiding something. I think we just need to be prepared for every circumstance.”
Honestly when Cas thought about it, it wasn’t all that bad. It was like dating anyone with a job. He didn’t expect to see Dean every second of every day but he still got to see him with every meal and they were left alone in the evenings. What Cas couldn’t take was the boredom. He wondered how long it would take until he was allowed back at work.
“Well, he knows everything I told you…except for one other thing she said.” Ellen paused.
“No wait, I’m sorry, please just let me explain.” Cas begged. Something in Dean’s voice made him pause. He leaned forward and grabbed his beer.
Today was also the day that Dean’s pants decided not to fit. For once and for all.
Cas shook his head.
“I wouldn’t say that. I guess it’s just that, I’m not exactly known for being the genius of the family, that’s Sammy’s territory. And I mean, I’m a mechanic so I spend most of my days working with my hands. It’s not every day that I’m at the bar and someone will look at me and think ‘I wonder what that guy thought of Cat’s Cradle.’ But Cas did.” Dean answered.
Dean shook his head to clear away those thoughts again. He hadn’t thought about that night in several weeks. If he did keep the baby and continued with the pregnancy he could guarantee that he would think about it every single night for the next eight months at the least. He couldn’t run away from it and pretend it never happened as they had all been doing. He carried the proof of it in his belly. That thought spurned another that pierced a sharp bolt of dread through him. What about the other father? What if he found out and wanted to take the baby or wanted Dean to kill it? He knew these thoughts were fairly irrational, as they were several states away at this point and the odds of any information getting back to him were slim to none. Especially since the only person who knew so far was Dean and he was alone in a bathroom.
“Wait…Anna knew that Cas would come here? How could she possibly know that? And what does she care about what Cas does? How is he ‘cosmically important?’” Dean fired off questions in a rapid pace. Ellen just shook her head.
“Any good ones?” John asked. Ellen started into a story that some hunter had come in with the previous week about a wendigo and Dean started to tune it out. Ellen and John kept up the conversation for a few minutes before it petered into a silence.
“See, I’ve been looking for Castiel. The same way I’ve been looking for you. I was finally able to get ahold of one of Castiel’s partners, Anna, and well….we persuaded her to see God’s light once more.”
One afternoon in the library, Cas held up a textbook for his northern civilizations class and pointed to a picture of some oil painting Dean was sure he had seen somewhere before.
“I have been thinking about Cas.” Dean confessed. “He has been away for a couple of weeks and I can’t help but think he may not come back.”
“The only reason I had the picture I put on the dating website was because my brother took it. I don’t have a phone with a camera and I don’t know how to get pictures from an actual camera onto my computer. My brother knows but….I guess I didn’t want to ask for his help.”
“How about you go back upstairs and put on some real clothes?”
Don't worry, we get to meet Cas this chapter. Enjoy!
“I’m sorry. This was stupid.” He played with his fingers before raising one hand up to wipe at his eyes, though Dean didn’t see any tears falling. He looked up again and glanced at the bar before looking down. Dean looked back at the bar just in time to catch a blonde head turning away. Suddenly it clicked into place.
Sam huffed out a laugh and Dean cracked a small smile. He had thrown a sweatshirt on after inviting Sam in and he had to admit that he felt a little better back in his layers.
Dean snorted at the thought of their snobby second cousin leading the country.
He laid a gentle kiss to his fingers and gently touched them to the stone plaque bearing his mother’s name. To his father’s displeasure, he was not be able to be buried within the church when he passed, nor had he won the fight with Samuel over Mary being interred at the Winchester mausoleum, where his body currently resides.
What did happen was Ellen simply ruffled his hair as she took Bobby’s plate away to be washed and Bobby just rolled his eyes and asked Dean if he wanted to get a manicure later. But the warmth in both of their eyes told him that the message was received and appreciated. And Dean just rolled his eyes and went to finish his burger before Ellen came and took his plate away.
“They were long overdue for a trip to the washing machine. I’m sure you can dig something up.”
“Your Majesty.” She said, curtseying politely. Dean had told her multiple times that she did not need to curtsey every time she addressed him or even at all if they were in private. She didn’t seem to take to heart his suggestion just yet but Dean had hoped one day she would. “I am sorry to interrupt but an unscheduled visitor has arrived a requested an audience with you.”
Dean hung up the phone and flopped onto his bed. He played with the cell phone still in his hand. He should take it back out to valet who was waiting outside of his door. But instead he lifted it up and dialed another number.
“Well….I may have also found your duffel bag with your clothes in it in the hallway closet. Plus you happened to call Bobby when I was at his house. That seemed a little too perfect. So I took a guess that of all the places in town, you would be here.” Sam finished.
“Hey, it’s Cas. Dean’s getting loopy and I think he needs some sleep.”
“I don’t want ‘out.’ That’s a foolish thing to say.” Cas said.
“No, we’re still in Los Angeles. But we can fly out tonight and be there tomorrow.”
“Hey! It’s shut up, Your Majesty, now.” Dean reprimanded.
“So, Mr. Crowley, what can I do for the palace tonight?” Dean stated. Crowley leaned forward in his seat.
“Seriously Dean…what happened? I’m guessing you didn’t just need to cool off after a fight with Dad.”
Dean never really cared that he hadn’t been tested for the carrier gene (Well, from where he was standing now he kind of wished that he had known). He never thought it would be relevant.
“I’ll see you soon, little brother.”
“You don’t think Cas would have been worth the plane trip?” Gabe asked. It was a loaded question but Dean played along.
Dean had just barely gotten through the plane taking off and a brief run through of his itinerary for the next day with his secretary, Jo, when a royal aide appeared out of nowhere. He fumbled with the buckle on his flight seat before standing.
Dean whipped around, hearing his name. Standing in the middle of the road was a man, not much older than Dean, with dark hair and a piercing stare. His face was sculpted with high cheekbones, pursed lips, and eyebrows ready to lift with posh indifference at a moment’s notice. Dean felt his stomach drop and he contemplated his next move. He wished he hadn’t gotten out of his car.
“I’ve got time.”
“Yeah, we video chat all the time. I actually miss seeing him. I mean, I would always miss talking to him if we couldn’t talk but it never bothered me that I couldn’t see him until now.” Dean said. “I guess now that I know what it’s like to look him in the eyes when we talk, over the phone just doesn’t cut it anymore.”
“Complicated.” Sam said, resigned. He stood from the bed, “Yeah I get it.”
“Yeah everything’s fine, I just thought I felt it move a little.”
Before he knew it, he was being shuffled out the door and into a waiting vehicle. Crowley raised an eyebrow when Cas followed but said nothing. Bobby would be staying behind at the manor to arrange everything with the servants. They would need to set up new maintenance schedules since the house would be empty for the foreseeable future, with Sam living on campus at University.
“Hey, I’m eating for two over here.”
“Yeah, yeah. Guess I can’t hide in the plane forever.” Dean raised Cas’s hand to his mouth and pressed a small kiss to the knuckles before turning to Crowley where he stood with the small crew aboard the plane. “Alright, I’m ready.”
“She’s lovely. Do you, uh, know a lot about cars? This one is rather old but looks to be in good condition.”
“Piece of junk froze up on me again. I hate computers.” Ellen sighed and turned away from the computer, taking in Dean and Bobby with their plates of food on her desk and their chairs pulled close.
“Everything’s fine, Dean. Be careful of your temper. Wouldn’t want to hurt my son in there.” Michael said, gesturing towards Dean’s belly.
“I don’t need to know the whole story here…but you have to give me something to work with.” Ellen said. “I don’t mind lying for you if you think that you need protection from something or…someone. But I gotta know what I’m getting myself into.”
He now had a small collection of cards on standby next to the register in case someone came in who wanted one. He hadn’t had a single person after that girl ask for one but he was still prepared, nonetheless. He was thinking about asking Ellen about how to make those fancy shots but he didn’t really think he would ever have to use them.
“Me?”
"Yeah, OR this is some rando messing with him” Kevin retorted. As per usual, they would have to agree to disagree. Either way, they were packing their bags.
Cas felt his fingers clench around his teacup.
“Yeah I wasn’t yet. I was trying to throw dad off my trail so I took a few buses around for a couple of weeks and then came here. Been here ever since.” Dean shrugged. “Speaking of which, how did you know I was here? Did Bobby tell you?”
“Sounds like a plan.” He said, before meeting Cas halfway in another kiss. If Cas’s ex had driven by the door within the next five minutes, neither of them noticed. They were too wrapped up in each other.
“Yeah, that was not the best few weeks.” He said. “Luckily, it seems like that parts done. Now, I just want to eat the most random shit.”
“Yeah kid, we’re good.”
“What did you just say to me?” John spat out.
Michael’s gaze hardened a little but he remained where he stood.
The silver lining was that Gabe had his camera running the whole time. He channeled his disappointment and anger into editing all of his footage down into a documentary that he called ‘Trickster.’ It aired at a local film festival and eventually caught the eyes of some major TV producers. They came knocking at his door, pitching the idea of a TV show where he would help people find out who they are talking to online. Gabe agreed on one condition; That Kevin be offered a part in the show as well. Gabe and Kevin had reached an understanding and a sort of weird friendship while filming. Gabe was happy that Kevin accepted and now, two seasons under their belt, they were ready to start season 3. Which apparently would feature tractors.
Dean found himself smiling and gazing fondly as Cas went on and on about his upcoming first day at the library. It would be the next day, from 12-4. He would mostly be learning the lay of the land and maybe doing a little filing but he was over the moon about it. It was adorable. Eventually though, Dean found himself yawning and Cas agreed that they should probably call it a night. As they stood from the couch, Cas insisted on ‘walking Dean home.’
“It’s fine, really.” There was a bit of an awkward pause. “Look, Cas….I’ve got a lot going on right now and I don’t even know where to start with explaining all of it to you.”
The two brothers laughed. They knew they still had a lot to talk about. But this was off to a pretty good start.
“Ok first of all, don’t say court.” Dean corrected, cursing the warmth he felt in his cheeks as they reddened “It’s dating. We’re not in the 12th century, dude. And secondly…it wasn’t…I mean-I’m not against going out to dinner it’s just….well” Dean looked down at his bump and looked back up at Cas. Cas’s eyes followed down and then back up but he still stared confusedly at Dean. Dean let out a frustrated sigh, “Can’t you see that I’m pregnant?”
“And I’m sorry I lied but I didn’t know what else to do. And I don’t know anything about being pregnant or having a baby and I didn’t want to be alone when I could be around people who might be able to help me. Do you know how many different kinds of freaking vitamins there are? And Bobby didn’t ask why I ran from John and then after that…well it’s not like pregnancy comes up often in conversation where I could casually slip it in and –“
“Dean, Chairman Crowley is here and he wants to see you.” Bobby said.
“Dean, I don’t know if a dueling club is a good idea.”
So they went and got pizza. It had gotten worse. They each still ate two slices and then groaned about their poor stomachs back in their room.
“Oh you trade lots of pictures? And you video chat a lot…..any of those happen to be late night video chats?” Gabe asked, waggling his eyebrows a little. Cas turned red and just clapped a hand over his eyes, shaking his head. Dean just laughed and said that he ‘pleaded the fifth.’
“I do not understand.”
Sam rolled his eyes.
“Yes well, I always knew I’d see you.”
“Ah you ruin all my fun. I’ll see you later, Sammy.”
“Sure thing.” Dean said. He picked up his duffel and turned to leave before pausing. “Hey Bobby?”
“Cas….”
“I would like to inform my brother, at least. He deserves to hear from me.”
Dean entered the small, private room and closed the door. He knew that the privacy was a charade as all of his calls from now on would be monitored. He cut off that train of thought and tried to focus on one issue at a time.
Crowley continued to drone on and Dean struggled to pay attention to the councilman. He diligently took down relevant notes in his book and tried to ask clarifying questions where appropriate but Crowley could tell that his mind was elsewhere.
“Good.” Bobby leaned forward on the table and before Dean could realize it, Bobby had lightly whapped him on the side of his head. He let out a cry and lifted his hand to probe the part of his skull that Bobby had hit.
“Jason Daluca at my last school was bi. He was a grade above me and was the leader of the GSA”
“But Dean-“
“Yes, of course.” Cas replied, stepping to the side so that Dean could pass by him to the stairs, “I will be in my room if you should need me. Or if you wish to watch television tonight, I am amenable to that. Or we can schedule something within the near future…?”
“Ok fine, angels are real….now what?” Dean said, although he couldn’t help but roll his eyes gently.
Cas sighed, frustrated, and flopped down on his bed next to Meg.
Nobody could have predicted that breast cancer would take Mary away when Dean was just 18 years old. The entire country mourned with John, Sam, and Dean as they walked grimly behind her casket being paraded through the street, John looking like he’s rather crawl inside the casket with her.
“Have you been able to video chat with Cas since we left?” Gabe asked.
The two brothers lay there a while longer before Dean felt himself drifting to sleep. He decided that Sam had gotten him up far too early and his punishment would be a nap with his brother.
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Dean turned a little on the couch.
“Come on, Cas you can’t tell me you’re not freaking out.” Dean argued, trying to keep his voice down to preserve what little remained of his privacy in such close quarters on the plane. Cas gave Dean a bittersweet smile.
Dean was cruising through an intersection in the middle of town on his way to work when he found himself, unconsciously, pulling into the parking lot of the grocery store. He parked and exited his car before stopping in his tracks. What the hell was he doing here? Dean rolled his eyes at himself and his ‘pregnancy brain.’ Among the more rounded tummy, month four had brought on pregnancy cravings. Luckily Bobby seemed to think that Dean was simply acting like a normal teenage boy who would shove anything down his gullet. But Dean knew that if he was going to make it through his entire shift at work then he had to have whatever it was that his brain decided that it wanted (even if it had done so without consulting Dean first). He headed into the store and figured he would walk up and down the aisles until he found what he needed.
“And do you happen to know anything about his fiscal policies during his reign?” Cas asked. Dean actually laughed out loud.
For the first time in months, Dean breathed a sigh of relief.
“Marv.” Crowley said, wincing internally. “As I was saying, it is a grand statement to seek to petition the High Council for legitimacy of the throne. I encourage you to carefully consider before submitting. It is an arduous process and there is a lot of red tape, not to mention the publicity.”
“No, I mean it.” Dean said. “This whole mess has been completely crazy and I don’t know how I would have gotten through it without you.”
“Oh.” Castiel replied. He seemed to grimace to himself, perhaps aware that he was not exactly responding normally. “I did not seek a bar for living purposes. I simply managed to find one and Ellen was kind enough shelter me in my need.”
“Oh that’s excellent.”
“No…I’ve kind of been trying to stay off the radar so I figured it probably wouldn’t be a good idea.” Dean answered.
“I’m afraid I can’t let you leave right now.”
“Dean” Bobby’s voice cut through Dean’s inner monologue “Listen, we can figure out all of the details later. But all I’m trying to say is that you have plenty of people who are willing to help you. Is that getting into your head?”
“No, Ellen has been very generous to me. However, I do not enjoy being a burden. It will be nice to be able to take care of some monetary needs on my own and perhaps give some money to Ellen for her kindness” Cas responded. “Besides, it will be nice to have a change of scenery a few times a week.”
“No, you apparently need many years of schooling to be a librarian.” Cas replied. “However, I will now be working part time as a library aide.”
“I will. You take care of yourself, Winchester.” Ellen said. John didn’t answer verbally but Dean heard him walking away and then the door opening and closing. Dean sat under the bar just breathing for a few moments before Ellen came into view, crouching next to his hiding spot.
“Ok, I’m hanging up now.” Sam said “Apparently, I have to pack.”
Ellen glanced briefly at Dean in the passenger seat. He had been moody all morning. Ellen was willing to forgive to a certain extent, she knew what mood swings felt like and boy were they a bitch. But there was usually some kind of cause behind them. Even if it was something as minute as realizing you forgot to pick up paper towels at the store (That had been one cry-fest that Bill hadn’t let her forget for months after Jo was born).
“Wow. Ok…I guess I will take a shower then and get dressed.” Cas replied, looking lost with his tousled hair and superhero boxers.
“Hey, Meg!” Gabe replied. “We are in LA and are headed over to your place to go through all this, is that cool?”
“Ok, enough with the human sexuality class.” Dean deflected. He was not about to have his date with Cas veer off into a discussion of sexual politics. Somewhere in the back of his mind he knew he would probably need to think about his sexuality and deal with his issues with his father. But the time and place was not right now and this line of discussion could only veer off into dangerous territory. He leaned forward and put the now empty popcorn bowl on the coffee table before leaning back and stretching out his legs. He turned back to Cas who was looking at him curiously. “What?”
“We are going to get through this plane ride and after that we will take it one step at a time starting with getting you to the palace.” Cas said, his fingers continuing to comb through Dean’s hair. Dean reached up and grabbed one of his hands.
“The day before I left was the day I found out I was pregnant. Hell, I didn’t even know I was a carrier so it was a shock to both of us.” Dean glanced up to see Sam watching him patiently. “Dad…he wasn’t really fond of the idea of having a baby to cart around and we both know he wasn’t done hunting. So he wanted to take me to get it taken care of. We fought about it and then….I left.”
“Wait, I don’t understand. A car accident? Why were they traveling together?” Dean blurted out.
St. Charles was a sacred place. It was where royalty was anointed, crowned, wed, and buried. Though Mary never ruled the country she was blood royalty and thus was granted burial in the tomb below the sanctuary where she had also taken her first steps as Mrs. John Winchester on the arm of her new husband.
“Wait, please. I’m sorry.” Cas answered. Dean paused for a moment.
Crowley scratched at his beard and then busied himself pouring their cups of tea. Evidently it was steeped enough for him.
Dean’s heart did that stupid thing where it skipped a beat. He would have to go outside and chop some wood or….bench press a bison or something to get his manliness back with all of the rom-com moments he was having today. But he was in for a penny, in for a pound at this point so he made a split second decision.
“Did he see you?”
_______________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Dean was just getting back into it when he felt Will stiffen above him and he saw what looked like a flash of light from behind his closed eyes. Dean pulled away again and pushed
John laughed and took a swig of his beer.
“Holy crap….that’s awesome.” Dean said, looking down at his little belly.
“So are you like…bi? Or pan or something?” Sam continued to probe.
“Well, we both know that that isn’t true.”
King Samuel II was a judicious ruler, but was fair to the point of extremes. Everything was black and white in his eyes and no mercy should be shown for those who broke the law with uncorrupted motivation. This made him unpopular with many citizens of the lower class who were plagued with threats of imprisonment for daring to steal food, or defend themselves against those who meant them harm. Samuel had raised David at his side, training him in all that he would need to know in order to
“If you don’t mind yeah…just for a little while though. I promise I won’t be in your hair too long.” Dean replied. Bobby rolled his eyes before taking Dean’s dish over to the sink with his.
“Why not?” Gabe asked.
Both of them had swiped right and started chatting within minutes. Dean chuckled to himself as his match pinged another message telling him how “aesthetically pleasing” he was. He wasn’t sure if he was being honest or if he just had a weird sense of humor. But Dean found Castiel charming nonetheless.
“And what makes you think that I would break Dean’s heart?” Cas asked, also abandoning his cooling tea on the small table between them.
To her credit, Ellen didn’t even flinch at the question.
“Yeah, and he works so much to pay for his brother to go to college. He’ll be graduating high school this year and then he will be going to Stanford.” Cas said, smiling slightly. Meg put her hand on his shoulder.
“That’d be me. I’m guessing you’re Dean?” She asked. Dean nodded and took her hand.
“No, I still have some more. But I want to save them so we still have stuff to talk about”
“Cas, don’t worry about it. Just watch the movie, ok?”
“You need to go to school to be a librarian?” Dean asked. “Don’t you just need to know where all the books are all stored? Well, that and how to shush people.” Dean cracked a smile at his own joke.
“Dean, where are you from?”
“I didn’t hear the whole conversation. But mom seems cool with it.” She brought the bin of dirty dishes over to the bar and leaned on it. “He mostly keeps to himself. He doesn’t ever come knocking on our door and he’s either gone for the whole day or he spends it all in his room. He only ever comes down to sit at the bar while he reads.”
Luckily, it appeared that, for the most part, the public seemed to be on Dean’s side. Marv had taken it upon himself to play the victim for any new outlet that would have him. But when pressed about his readiness to take up the royal mantle and rule the country he faltered on a few occasions. There was a late night show that had him on the air and jokingly challenged him to an etiquette game show that ended up with him offending the fictional ruler of a country from a popular children’s novel. When questioned on CTV about certain political opinions he was loud and outspoken and, as they soon discovered, very conservative. The liberal leaning country was not overjoyed at the possibility of having another King Samuel on the throne, nor were they a fan of royals who took too strong a political opinion.
And Dean walked out.
He walked through the produce and veggie aisle just to get it out of the way...no way in hell any child of his was going to make him eat rabbit food more than necessary, he had already noticed Bobby on a weird health kick. Twice this week he had scoured the fridge for something to eat and had had no choice but to grab an apple as it was the only thing in the fridge. He continued on through the chips, soda, crackers, microwave meals, and the international aisle but didn't see anything that screamed 'eat me now.' He saw the next aisle was a nutrition aisle and was going to skip it but decided to take a stroll down anyway.
“I’m not sure, honestly” she said, tucking a piece of her hair behind her ears. “He just showed up a couple weeks ago, a few before you did, and asked mom if she knew of a place to stay. But he didn’t have any money.”
“Just get out of here, would ya?”
Dean nodded. He wanted to ask Castiel more about how he came to be at the Roadhouse and what made him so special that Ellen housed him. But he realized that that might be a lot to ask in a first conversation and he didn’t want to scare him away. He was by far the most interesting person that he had met while staying at Bobby’s and it would be nice to have someone a little close to his age to talk to aside from Jo. Castiel looked like he was in his late 20’s, maybe early 30’s tops but Dean didn’t really want to ask. Instead he promised Castiel that he was going to find him a drink that he would like. Castiel gave Dean a small smile for that which is more than he had seen on the mans face previously. Dean considered that conversation a win.
“Yeah Bobby, I hear you.”
Dean’s eyebrows crinkled as he tried to puzzle together what that was supposed to mean.
It wasn’t until later, when he was helping Jo close up one night, that she told him that they normally didn’t.
He spent a few minutes scrolling through guys and swiping either right or left before he came across one that notified him that the other man had swiped right as well.
“Yeah, well now that Sammy knows about Cas it was easier to get him to help me use one.” Dean replied.
“Yes, your new secretary, Bela.” She said calmly, though her jaw seemed to tighten slightly. “As I mentioned earlier, I will no longer be your personal secretary. Bela is the most superior and was secretary to the King so it is only appropriate that she become your secretary. It would be….inappropriate for me to take that role.”
The hospital looked like every other hospital Dean had seen in his life. Except this one time they weren’t rushing in with hard to explain injuries and already halfway planning how they were going to sneak out the window once the nurse was done with the stitches.
“Dean, you’re not going to mess it up.” Cas said, taking a step towards Dean. “Me being here doesn’t change anything. I don’t think or feel any differently towards you now that I’ve met you. So don’t feel like you have to talk to me differently or act differently. I know you put up a bit of a front around your family and friends, but you don’t need to be that way with me.” Cas reached out and tugged Dean’s arm, joining their hands as Dean’s slipped free from his pocket. “I care about you, Dean. I have for two years now, and I hope to for a long time. Don’t shut me out because you’re scared I’m going to go away. Because I’m not going anywhere.”
Dean was quite ready to fall asleep as soon as his face hit the pillows. But he resisted the urge, even as Cas’s hands came down to gently massage at his shoulders.
Dean thought that sounded terrible. But he could tell Cas was excited about it so he smiled right back.
“Sam I don’t know what I’m going to do. Crowley says this dude is legit and we could have a real problem on our hands.”
“Oh yeah, that’s the other thing. Our room looked too nice.”
“Oh! That reminds me why I’m here.” At Dean’s raised eyebrow Cas rolled his eye, “Ok the other reason why I’m here.”
And he did a few years later, in his own way.
“No, it was more like….like a tickling?” Dean tried to describe the feeling. “The doc said that I would probably feel something like fluttering soon.” Dean smiled and rubbed his belly. He let Cas try and feel but he couldn’t feel anything, which he said was normal. Nobody would be able to feel anything from the outside for a little while longer yet.
“I have a few vague memories of faces but nothing specific.”
“So tell us about your friend Cas.” Kevin asked.
“Hey Sammy.” Dean said, once he realized that he hadn’t yet responded.
Ok guys, sorry for the hiatus. There's been a LOT going on in my life and I'm riding the struggle bus with some later chapters but I figured you guys waited long enough so here is one more for you! Things are going to start getting real soon :P
Dean smiled. He had been pretty awkward trying to ask out Will in the hall at school the other day. He was just trying to figure out where he landed on the spectrum and sue him if he thought his friend had nice eyes and a nice ass or whatever. There was a lot of back and forth before Dean decided to pull Will into a small cove of lockers. But hey, if it got him a hot make out session in Will’s truck, who cares?
Cas nodded eagerly and took a step towards Dean. He made a few movements that were quickly aborted. His arms went up slightly as if for a hug, then he stuck one hand out as if he were going to close the deal on their business transaction. He laughed and rubbed the back of one of his hands across his brow, obviously nervous as well as excited.
Sam sighed on the other end of the line.
“I didn’t say anything to Jo or Cas. You can tell them whenever you’re ready.” She said softly, to keep their conversation from being overheard by potential eavesdroppers. “We’re all here to help you though. You’re not doing this on your own anymore.” She pulled away and rubbed her thumb on Dean’s cheek the way only mother’s know how. Dean gave her a smile before leaving to lie down.
“Something on your mind?”
"You're damn right it doesn't. Why do you think I'm getting the hell out of dodge?"
It only took three years for John to drink his liver away. He drew even further away from court, which was quite a feat considering how far removed he was to begin with. Dean picked up the slack where his father found himself unable to, attending ceremonies and dinners where needed. He found himself spending more weekends at home than at school and contemplated transferring to a smaller university in Winchester. But Sam wouldn’t hear of it. He finally persuaded Dean to stop covering for their father so much and spend more weekends at school and less going to functions making excuses for why his father couldn’t make it.
“Bobby? Bobby Singer is my boss. He’s also a really close family friend. Why? How did his name come up?” Dean asked.
Dean pressed down on the last corner of his poster, ensuring that the fancy foam sticky things they made him buy were going to hold before turning around and sitting down on his bed.
“Whoa” Kevin said. He zoomed the camera in on the name that had appeared with the phone: Robert Singer, Age 48, Lawrence, Ks.
“But yeah, we had a fight and I needed to cool off so I left. I got on a bus and fell asleep and it took me a few days to figure out where I was and by the time I got back you guys were gone and I didn’t know where Dad was headed next.”
Dean’s sexy librarian fantasy fizzled away like a deflated balloon. He gave a mental shrug at the loss.
Dean felt a shiver run down his spine as he tried to calm his now nauseous stomach.
“Oh, I understand.” Cas said. He let out a brief chuckle which Dean felt was mostly to appease him.
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Not like his father wouldn’t know where the baby came from. He was there that night. At least he had that going for him. Who knew he would ever be semi-thankful for anything to do with that night?
The man waiting for him leapt to his feet upon Dean’s entry and bowed his head briefly before gesturing to the arm chairs. He waited until Dean was seated before taking a seat himself.
Just as Dean reached for the handle of his car he glanced up and noticed Cas hadn’t moved to the passenger side.
“I hope so. But when he does, I don’t want him to leave again.” Dean said. “I need some help figuring out what I can do to make him happy here. I don’t want him to just stand behind me forever, he needs to feel fulfilled and productive. Couldn’t he keep teaching here? There can’t be a rule against that?”
“Do I really need to see a doctor?” Dean said around a mouth of food. Ellen shot him a dirty look, although he wasn’t sure if it was because he was talking with his mouth full or because of what had come out of his mouth.
Dean stared into Will’s face and then turned back to where he had been standing previously.
He could still see the phone on the floor a few feet away. The little red light was on so he knew Bobby hadn’t hung up yet. His heart skipped a beat when he saw feet appear, however he realized it was Ellen when she crouched down to pick up the phone. She stood and held the phone up to her ear.
“He just….there’s no way he can’t be who he says he is.” Cas replied. “I will admit that I am not the most social person and I don’t always interact well with people. But with Dean, somehow everything just clicks. He gets my sense of humor in a way that only Meg usually does and he doesn’t seem to care that I’m a little…odd”
“Okay Dean, can you raise your arms?”
Hey! Sorry for the long absence! Holidays were crazy and work is nuts right now but I'm gonna try and crank out the rest of this story in a more timely manner! Enjoy!
Crowley seemed to mull over Cas’s little impromptu speech before pursing his lips.
“No, I believe you. I just don’t know if I believe Ellen…” Dean pondered.
“No, but I know that he was always a dick to my grandfather when he was a kid. Put that in your paper.”
“Well, it seemed that my earlier suggestion of going out to dinner together was not amenable to you. I may not know much about social interactions but I believe that you were going to deny my request. I thought perhaps that dining out may be too formal for a first date. I supposed that if dining out did not appeal to you then maybe you would prefer a more casual setting?” Cas rambled on before letting out a sigh and meeting Dean’s eyes, “I enjoy your company Dean and would very much like to court you.”
“Listen up, some people from the embassy are coming to get you so pack a bag and be quick about it. They’ll probably be there in less than an hour.”
Dean cringed.
“Awesome.” Dean said, flatly.
“I guess you’re right, he does have a point.” Ellen gave in. “But he still needs to see someone. I can’t help him as much as an actual doctor. It’s been some time since I had Jo and medicine has changed plenty since then. Not to mention that my experience can only help so far since I’m obviously not a carrier.”
“Yeah” Dean responded, trying to seem much more casual than he was actually feeling. “We can hang out and check out some tv, take it slow”
Dean had no idea what he would do without Cas.
Bobby didn’t change his sheets. Dean was just in a different bed. And Dean did not hear his alarm because it was not morning. Actually, wait a minute. Dean poked his head out from underneath his blanket and took in the room. It was looking a faded orange from the light of the setting sun streaming in through the window.
What reasoning could Ellen have for taking in a lost and wandering grown man? Especially into a hunter’s bar? How could she know that he wouldn’t bat an eye at overhearing about last month’s werewolf hunt? Hell, how could she know that he wouldn’t just murder her in her sleep?
“Dean, you can’t call me a bitch anymore, you’re a King.”
Dean would remember that conversation the rest of his life. His mother died a couple of years later from an illness and when Sam started acting out about titles and rules Dean had tried to explain to him what their mother had said. But he could never get the words quite right. _____________________________________________________________________________________
“Yeah, he was here. Bobby didn’t know about everything until the other day but after Dad showed up the cat was out of the bag.”
“These are quite delicious.” Cas said. He took a sip of the water that Dean had placed in front of him.
It was much later, in the dark of Dean’s bedroom, curled up in a nest of sheets and pillows that Dean and Cas traded their first in person ‘I love you’s.’
“Chairman Crowley is here for you.” Bobby replied. “And he requested your presence as soon as possible. So I would suggest you make yourself presentable and get to the sitting room.”
His choices had been whittled down to two. He could either go with his father in the morning and terminate the pregnancy or he could leave. Neither choice seemed appealing to him but he knew it was one or the other. And he had to act fast if he was going to leave. He rolled over in bed and looked at his sleeping brother. Could he really leave Sam? As much as it pained John to hear it, Dean had been speaking the truth. Dean was brother, father, and mother to Sam on most days and he couldn’t imagine how hard it would be to abandon him. But could he really abandon the child growing inside him? That hardly seemed fair.
“Is that why you left?”
“Thanks, Cas” Dean said. He smirked and raised an eyebrow, “You can’t say I didn’t warn you though.”
“Yes, she was very glad that he wasn’t a fake profile. She probably would have done something stupid and spiteful if Dean hadn’t been who he said he was.” Cas said. He said it with a smile, but his eyes showed a little bit of nervousness which implied that he was incredibly serious about Meg’s vengeful spirit.
“I, uh, I can’t do that Sam” Dean answered.
But then Cas was up and kissing him and it was perfect. They broke apart after a minute and stood holding each other for a few minutes longer.
“It’s just a joke Cas,” Dean laughed. “You know, because you have to be quiet in libraries so the librarian has to shush people to keep them from being too loud.”
One morning, Dean woke up with a pounding headache and a hatred of the sun as it peeked through the curtain. He rolled over and discovered Cas in the bed next to him. Cas seemed unbothered and simply rose from the bed, stark naked, and began dressing. He paused while zipping up his jeans and turned back to Dean, who was still huddled under the blankets with a puzzled look on his face.
“Bobby has a friend. Well, more like an acquaintance who may be able to help us out.” Ellen said. Dean raised his eyebrows and looked at Bobby.
Dean sat up and turned the tv off.
“You’re an absolute saint.” Dean muttered. Cas snorted.
Dean made to leave the office but was stopped by Ellen at the door. She pulled him in for a brief hug.
“Hello! You must be Ellen and Dean, right?” The man asked. He had a kind face, with a few crow’s feet crowding the corners of his eyes. His brown hair was starting to gray a little at the temples but other than that, he looked fit enough. Ellen reached out and shook his hand.
John seemed to know that playing the Sam card would have some effect. Dean felt his shoulders slump as he considered Sam. How would Sam factor into this problem? Sammy didn’t even fully understand what had happened to Dean that night several weeks ago. Well, he knew some of it but John and Dean had never let him know the full extent of what had transpired.
“Don’t call me Kev-o” Kevin responded, not looking away from setting up a camera on the desk in front of Gabe. He stacked up another book to prop up the camera more. A few more people stood in front of the desk pointing various cameras and microphones at them. One of the cameramen chuckled a little at the banter.
But here he was. Waiting to disembark from the royal air force plane for the first time as King Dean of the House of Campbell. His personal secretary was talking to him about something but it was all just noise. He let his gaze fall to the side and his eyes landed on Castiel, relaxing on the couch. Castiel winked at him but then pointed back to the secretary.
“I will, Sam.” Cas handed the phone back to Dean who could barely keep his eyes open.
Dean resisted the urge to wrap his arms around his stomach, as if to protect from John’s hateful glare.
“Dean Winchester, it is in your best interest to remain still and we can both be on our way.” Will said. His face looked stony and devoid of any emotion, despite the fact that minutes before he was blushing and smiling and now he was trapping another teenager in the car and slowly choking the life out of him.
“Yeah well, anything for Bobby.” Said the doctor, smiling. “If you can I’d like to see you again in a few weeks. Maybe 3 or so? If not, try to see another doctor at least. I can send your paperwork to Bobby if you need to go to someone else.”
“Maybe he could have a children’s education focus. The Council could allow him to cut back on certain royal duties, maybe a smaller amount of public appearances in favor of philanthropic work with children’s schools and orphanages and imagine the good image that kind of work would bring the palace. Not just the palace, but the High Council, hell the whole country!” Dean smacked a palm excitedly on his desk.
“Sammy?”
“Yeah, I know. Sometimes I’m stupid.”
“Yes, but I didn’t want to bring up meeting.” Cas answered. “He’ll be dropping his brother off at college and I know that will be hard for him.”
And sure enough, Sam Winchester from Lawrence, Kansas popped up. The page, however, was private and they really weren’t able to see much. They were able to see that the boy had brown hair, appeared to be located in Lawrence, Kansas, and was currently attending Lawrence Prep.
Dean almost melted at the sound of his brother’s voice through the little speaker of his phone. He hadn’t realized how much he missed him until just then. Maybe it was the adrenaline of initially running away and then going to work at the yard and then the roadhouse that distracted him of thinking about what he left behind.
preparations for various state dinners and events. The palace would be hosting plenty of guests leading up to the coronation who needed to formally greet the new leader of Casterbury.
“Yeah, I can see that. You want to explain what the hell one is doing in our hotel room, on our floor?” John asked, seemingly exasperated with Dean’s lack of response.
Eventually he just took another step and slowly leaned towards Dean. Dean stood stock still as Cas came closer. He almost wished that Cas had just gone for the handshake. But no. Cas’s face was getting closer. Dean stopped breathing for the few seconds when he could feel Cas’s breath against his cheek followed by the soft press of his lips in a polite kiss on the cheek.
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
“Ok so, Cas sent us an e-mail with all of the information that he has on Dean, including the link to his dating profile. So why don’t we start there.” Gabe narrated out loud for the cameras. He clicked on the link for Dean’s OkCupid profile and it popped up in Gabe’s web browser.
“Well, let’s track down Ellen for some grub. The three of us still need to figure some stuff out.”
“It was ‘Annie, I love you. But put down your gun.’”
“Babe, what are we going to do?” Dean asked.
“Sam, listen.” Dean said, cutting right to the chase. “There was an accident. You were probably going to hear it as soon as you woke up anyway but I wanted you to hear it from me first. Grandpa and Uncle David are dead. There was a car crash.”
As it would turn out, the second half of the aisle was baby necessities. He felt a pit drop to the bottom of his stomach.
Dean gave Will a calculated stare.
“Dean, you want to explain to me what the hell this is?”
“What, why?” Sam exclaimed. “Dean, I don’t wanna go, I hate the palace.”
“Yeah well it’s about to get more freaky.” She said.
Dean meant to tell Bobby. He really intended to sit down and tell the older man exactly why he had knocked on his door without his dad a few weeks prior. But for some reason, he couldn’t quite find the right moment and the words never formulated in his head as to how he would do it.
“Oh, far more than I could tell you in the” Crowley checked his watch, “5 more minutes we have until this plane lands.”
“So, Bobby...we’re…we’re good right?” Dean asked. Bobby paused for a moment before stepping around the table and bringing Dean in for a quick hug.
The next morning found Cas waking up in a hotel room in Lawrence. Someone was knocking at his door and when he answered he found a camera shoved in his face.
“You have something to share with the class?” Dean asked.
“Cas, I would call this a very successful date.” Dean said, smiling. Cas visible relaxed in relief leaned into Dean’s hand on his cheek. Dean leaned forward and gave Cas a kiss, letting himself linger in the moment for a bit before leaning back and removing his hand.
It seemed like he had some questionnaire that he had to fill with factoids from Dean all about his life, but Dean never really thought about returning the favor.
Crowley picked up the first folder on the file and leafed through the contents with disinterest. He put on his most convincing smile and told Marv that he would absolutely put it on the next Council agenda and would get back to him as soon as possible.
Dean released Cas and saluted back. It was a light touch just to the tip of his hairline. It was a less formal version of the Pilot’s salute, one that was typically delivered by royals with no military background. The pilot released his salute and stepped back from the door. Dean heaved a large breath and turned to Cas.
“I hadn’t quite figured that out yet. I don’t think Bobby knows anything, or if he did then he hasn’t said anything.” Dean said, not trying to escape the hug just yet. “I have no idea what I’m doing here, Ellen.”
“Do you…” Cas started cautiously, “Dean, do you wish I hadn’t come?”
Will’s footsteps faded away as the truck started back up and drove away, the sound of the engine getting quieter until it was gone.
“Man, you sound beat.” His little brother answered him. Dean just grunted in response. Sam chuckled a little before continuing, “Cas said you wanted to check in. Security picked me up a couple of hours ago. No major fuss on campus or anything, I think most people were still asleep. Anyway, I’m on my way. Should probably be there by around dinner. Hopefully we’ll be able to have some time when I get there but I’m assuming you’ll be a little busy.”
Dean froze for a moment but kissed back for a minute or so before pulling back.
Ellen seemed really nice but definitely no-nonsense. She and Dean chatted, mostly about whether he had any experience doing anything besides hunting. She didn’t seem too impressed with his pool hustling resume and made sure to tell him that she didn’t want him pulling any of that while on the job.
Dean turned to look at the pictures on the wall. There was the standard, framed first dollar from when Ellen and Bill (Ellen’s late husband) had opened the bar. A picture of a much younger Ellen and a Bill that Dean had never met standing outside of a much less worn down Roadhouse. And of course, there was no short supply of pictures of Jo. Jo as an infant being held by her father. Jo as an infant being held by her mother. Jo sitting in her high chair with an empty beer bottle, no doubt given to her by an adult who thought it would be funny. Not too many pictures of Jo as she got older. In fact they all seem to taper off just before Jo became a teenager. Someone who didn’t know the family might just think that a teenager going through puberty was against having their picture taken. But Dean was well aware that Jo’s father had died not too long after she had turned 11. There must not have been much worth taking pictures of for a while after that. Nonetheless, there was a single framed photo, sitting on the desk rather than the wall, of Jo and Ellen from probably only about a year ago. And tucked into the corner of the frame was a wallet sized photo of Bill. Dean knew his dad had a similar picture in his wallet of Mary. It seems like hunters always end up holding the ones they love in their wallets rather than in their arms.
“Huh, apparently I shouldn’t lay on my back as much because it will make me dizzy.”
After Ellen’s shocked response (“You’re what?!”) there was a moment of silence. Dean steeled himself to continue. It was mostly over already. He’d already given up the big secret so the minor details of who, how, why, and when were all that was needed before Dean left the building.
“Yeah like….usually when we come to Uncle Bobby’s we have to clean the sheets and air out the room a little. But this time it was already pretty clean. Like someone had been staying there already.”
Jo deflated and gave him a stern look.
“Oh my God.” Dean muttered, laughing a little to himself. “Now I see why you brought me here. What is he, an ex-boyfriend? God I’m stupid. Should have known better than to use that stupid app. You don’t even care about me, do you? Just picked the first decent looking guy to message you back to show off in front of your ex.”
“I have been well. As well as can be expected, at least.” Cas replied, sitting gently and immediately playing with the backpack that he had transferred to his lap. “I am sure that you are busy getting ready for your coronation but I wanted to come and see you.”
“I’m really glad you’re here” Dean said, quietly before they stepped back from their hug.
And either way, Will’s hands were already in his pants and he was feeling good so he guessed it didn’t matter.
“You want me to leave, sweetie?” Ellen asked. Dean was conflicted.
“Ok.” Dean fist pumped the air at Sam’s defeated tone. “Well we’re at Bobby’s now. Just come meet us here. I’ll tell Dad you’re coming so we don’t leave without you.” Dean’s fist slowly lowered back to the bed.
“Okay!” David said, standing and placing his clipboard on the counter. He picked up a hospital gown and handed it to Dean, instructing him to step into the little bathroom and change.
“Dean is twenty two.” Cas replied. “He has a younger brother who is eighteen and their half-brother, Adam is about to turn three”
How long could he realistically hide this for? He would start showing in about a month, two tops. He could probably play that off with some baggy tops for a while, not like they could ever afford anything that fits anyway. Sooner or later though he wouldn’t be able to play it off as just a little extra pudge. Even if he did, how would he explain a baby randomly appearing? That’s if he managed to go into labor and deliver far away from Dad and Sam.
It seemed that the reign of calm, supportive Cas had come to an abrupt end. Or maybe it hadn’t been very abrupt. Maybe Dean just hadn’t noticed.
“I am a little upset that it doesn’t seem like you told anyone about me.” Cas said carefully “However, I can’t get too mad, as only my friend Meg knew about you. She’s the one who called the show, actually.”
Dean smiled up at Cas and nodded before closing his eyes. He drifted off to the white noise pumped into the plane and the gentle scratching from Cas’s fingers massaging his head.
“You know, it would be a lot easier for both of you if you did end it.” Crowley replied. Cas opened his mouth to reply but Crowley held up his hand. “BUT…if you insist on continuing with your relationship then there is a lot you will need to learn and adjust to.”
“Sam, really. I haven’t told anyone and I don’t want to talk about it, ok?” When Sam nodded Dean let out a relieved breath. “How about you go down stairs and see if Ash will make us a couple of burgers? I’m gonna change real quick.”
He was shocked out of his stupor by the sound of the faucet turning off in the bathroom. He couldn’t have Sam find out yet. At least not like this.
“Yeah, sorry.” Sam said, “I just hate all that stuff, you know? I mean look what happened? You have to give up everything just because of our parents. You know you don’t have to be King, right? You could abdicate. We can let Christian be King.”
“Well duh, the only people I know are dad’s hunter buddies and I would hope it wasn’t one of them. But Dean really-“
Dean rolled his eyes but headed back up the stairs. He was, of course, being dramatic and knew that he still had clothes in his room. But most of them just didn’t fit right anymore. He was able to squeeze into his jeans for the most part, as he had gotten them secondhand anyway so they were a little big and the waistband was already stretched out.
Dean rubbed his eyes after shrugging on his suit jacket. An aide behind him brushed off the shoulder pads as it settled around his frame. The plane had landed about 10 minutes or so ago and Cas had regretfully awoken Dean from his brief nap to change. There had been no time at the manor to change from what Dean had already been wearing but there was no way Crowley was letting him off that plane in anything other than a full black suit. They’d had to dig through his garment bags and luckily found that Bobby had thrown in a black shirt along with his black suit. It wasn’t full mourning dress but it would do until he could get to the palace. The rest of his wardrobe would be at the palace within a day or so.
‘You’ll still have to tell someone eventually.’ He thought. He was a damn good liar….but he wasn’t sure what kind of story he could spin that would have Bobby believing that he needed a crib.
Sam smiled at Dean, forgiveness in his eyes. He took two quick steps and wrapped his arms around his brother. Dean sunk into the hug for a moment.
“Yes, it is nice to meet you as well.” Both Kevin and Gabe were taken aback at the deep, gravelly voice that came out of the man. “Although, I am still unclear as to why Meg called you.”
He hadn't managed to spill his secret to anyone but that also meant that he couldn't buy clothes, furniture, bottles, or even diapers.  Another quick glance at one of the shelves showed him something else that he was neglecting. There were shelves upon shelves of prenatal vitamins as well as books. All different kinds of books along the 'what to expect' lines detailing everything from conception to early childhood development. He suddenly looked down at his hidden bump and thought about what else he was already neglecting for his child. Picking up a bottle of vitamins he briefly considered just shoving them in his pocket. But he had no idea how long he would be staying in Sioux Falls and wasn’t really fond of the idea of being caught shoplifting at the only grocery store in town. Although, he didn’t want the rumor mill to start circulating about what he was buying at the store either.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“I notice you have a webcam now!” Kevin said. Dean laughed.
“Cas very much wants to believe that you are who you say you are.” Gabe said. “A friend of his was concerned that you may be deceiving him which is why they contacted the show. We really want to bring the two of you together to meet for the first time. Is that something that you want to do?”
“Please, call me Marvin. Or Marv, if you like.” The man said. His curled hair looked as greasy as his smile.
“What? No!” Dean replied, exasperated. “I’m not dating anybody. Just pregnant.”
“That’s fair.” Dean conceded. He sat up in the chair and opened his mouth to speak. But like so many times before, the words just died in his mouth. He wasn’t even sure where to begin. He felt his insides freeze up until they were as locked up as his tongue seemed to be. This was the end of the road. Everyone would know. Cas wouldn’t need to hear a clever excuse about why they couldn’t go on a date. And Bobby could have his spare room back. Ellen would need to find a new bartender. But, hey, if Cas did alright covering for him today then maybe Ellen would let him do it. But then Cas would have to turn down his job at the library….and he was so excited about it.
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Cas’s eyebrows knitted together in confusion. Dean was quick to jump in before Cas could ask his question.
He resolved to take some time early the next week to take a drive to the next town and start shopping. He couldn't buy anything major but he could definitely stock up on a book or two and figure out what he should be doing right now.
“Fella I helped out a few years back, he lives a couple of hours west of here. He had a wraith in his hospital and unfortunately he caught a big glimpse of the thing so there was no hiding it from him. He was pretty grateful when it was all over so I’m thinking I can call him up and call in a favor.” Bobby explained. “He’s a doctor and maybe I can get him to help you out off the books.”
Dean leaned back in surprise but when Cas followed him, pressing his lips insistently, he relaxed into the kiss, forgetting how distracted his date had been. They continued to make out for a few moments before Dean opened his eyes and saw Cas’s eyes open as well, glancing once again over at the bar. Dean pulled away.
He’s not sure if he lost consciousness or not. He at least spaced out for a few minutes because when he became more self-aware, he noticed one of his shoes in the foot well next to the passenger seat and felt a cold breeze on one half of his body. He squirmed around, trying to grab his shoe and felt rough hands holding him in place. He was able to get his hand on his shoe, a sturdy work boot, and raised his arm and wacked Will right in the face with it.
Dean’s door swung open and the Earl found himself caught slamming his closet door closed. If Bobby didn’t have Crowley banging down the door at 3 AM he might have taken a second to give a crap. But unfortunately, he did not.
“Yeah, I mean it’s definitely not, you know, normal or anything just yet. That’s why they haven’t come up with a good title situation for same sex partners of nobility. They only know that there can’t be two Marques of the same house at the same time but they can’t give them the secondary title because what would the first born be called then. Plus, not everyone has a secondary title. It’s kind of a mess, but they’re working on it.”
Dean agreed and within a few minutes was back in the exam room and sitting on the lab table. David did some basic tests; checking Dean’s blood pressure, checking his ear canals, making Dean say ‘Ahhh.’
There was something about John that would often infuriate Mary. She would storm away and lock herself in her room at the palace until she had sufficiently cooled off enough to go shooting, imagining John’s face on each of the clay pigeons she shattered with devastating accuracy. But John would always come for her and they struggled through their problems.
During one of their conversations earlier in the month, Dean had decided that ‘Castiel’ was too formal. He had taken to shortening it to ‘Cas.’ Cas, for his part, hadn’t mentioned the change, however he did smile fondly when Dean first started using it. Dean guessed that he was happy to have a friend and the familiarity of a nickname was a novelty to him.
“Either that or Bobby and I are pretty stupid.”
Sorry for the long wait! Things at work have been crazy and I am doing a show right now and we're about to start tech so I've barely even had time to be at home for more than an hour at a time. But here is chapter 5! I hope you enjoy :)
“You look fine, Dean.” Cas said, pulling Dean’s hand away from his brow where he had been fussing with his hair again. Dean sighed and squeezed Cas’s hand.
“I already contacted the palace and requested a meeting with the King, alright?” Dean said. Bobby had started pulling clothing out of his closet and laying it on the bed.
“No, I don’t think so. I prefer to stay out of the spotlight. I actually try to take as many pro bono cases as the firm will let me.”
Gabe looked over at Kevin who held his camera steady.
Cas played with the cuffs of his sleeves and fiddled with the seatbelt, and altogether avoided looking up at the camera mounted on the windshield directly in front of his face. They were a few minutes away from the address that Dean had texted Gabe and Cas couldn’t believe that they were actually going to meet today.
“An angel?” He asked, “You expect me to believe that you’re an angel? After what you did to me?” He scoffed. Will only shrugged and gave his not-really-a-smile smile.
“Where are you from, Cas?” Dean asked. Not maliciously, but with genuine curiosity.
whomever the visitor was. Bela was a firm screener of unannounced guests and so Dean had faith in her.
Dean was no virgin. That ship had sailed two years ago with Shelly Aronstein in her parent’s room in Connecticut. But with another dude? That was a whole other ballpark and one
“You know you’re welcome here as long as you need, boy.”
“Alright Samantha. Go get us some burgers.” Dean said, pushing Sam towards the door.
“Are you related to him?” he asked.
Dean was dusting off an old tome and stretching out on the couch for a good research session (nap) when Bobby came in and tossed him a set of keys. Dean picked the keys up and looked up at Bobby.
Cas’s eyes lit up.
“I’ll stand, thanks.” Dean said, crossing his arms. “So what is this your evil lair or something?”
“Don’t you take that tone with me, boy” John’s rough voice cut into Dean’s thoughts and brought him back to the present.
“Come on, Dean.” Cas said, “Let’s be realistic for a minute. We both know that I can’t go back to being a teaching assistant in Winchester.”
“Boy, you need to stop messing around. If Crowley were to find out that Cas was here AND that you got engaged without permission from the palace…well I highly doubt your grandfather would be very happy.”
There was a brief pause as they let Cas have a moment. Gabe reached out and put a hand on his shoulder.
“I am prepared.” Cas replied, voice tight.
“It seems like your typical ‘cool guy profile pic.’” Kevin inserted. “Look at me, leaning against my cool car like I don’t give a crap.” Gabe chuckled.
“Currently? Nothing.” Crowley replied. “There are no rules as to whom the reigning sovereign can date should they ascend the throne unwed or become widowed during their reign. It is obviously implied that they only seek quality companions but people are willing to turn a blind eye on occasion. However when the reigning sovereign wishes to marry, that is where we get involved.”
“I don’t need anything.” Bobby said “But you need to get out of the house. I’m sending you to the Roadhouse. It’s a bar a few miles out, run by a friend of mine, Ellen Harvelle. They cater to our type.”
The date had gone rather well, considering that Dean wasn’t even 100% sure it was an actual date.
That came out a lot harsher than Dean had intended. Cas’s eyes widened a little at the tone as he glanced back at Dean’s bump once more. His face reddened.
“Good choice, kid.” Ellen nodded in approval. Dean just gave a tight smile and sipped at his water. For some reason, being congratulated on a “good’ choice that he wouldn’t normally have made, made something in his stomach sink a little.
“Like you need them, gigantor.”
“Ok, well the only way to do that is to determine whether Dean is for real. And whether he is or not, we want you to know the truth and finally get you two to meet face to face.”
“What if he hates me. Or what if I’m not what he thought.” He asked Meg quietly.
“But, Sam Winchester appears to be real.” Kevin jumped in. “But we have no idea who Robert Singer is.”
“Dude, you know like….ten times more than I’ve ever told anyone else. I feel like I’m girl talking all over you half the time.” Dean paused. “You know, I feel like you know more about me than I know about you.”
“True. Well, do you think we should message Sam? Ask him about his brother?” Gabe asked Kevin.
“You highness, forgive me but maybe we should take a break?” Crowley said, crossing his leg and leaning back in his chair.
“The only other thing she said before she left…was that Cas would be instrumental in protecting you.”
“Ok you have to give me something here, Ellen.” Dean said, “You have to know more than that or else you wouldn’t let me hang out with him so much.”
“Hey dude. I’m all for getting hot and heavy. But I’m not going to have sex with you in your dad’s truck in the woods.” Dean said. Will sat up and looked a little disappointed but nodded and leaned back down to continue making out.
“Ok, you need to start making some sense, pal. Because I’ve about had my fill of cryptic today and I’m really tired of looking at your face. Who the hell are you?” Dean said, his glare going full force. Will sighed.
“Cas, could you head back behind the bar please?” Came Ellen’s voice. There was a momentary pause as if Cas were hesitating. “Just for a little bit longer. I’ll come and relieve you in a few minutes.”
“Ellen did not mention anything about licorice…But do not worry, I am sure I can procure some in no time.” Cas turned to head out the door when Dean’s laugh stopped his movement.
Boom.
Will so he could sit up. He looked out the windows.
Dean’s biggest problem lately was that he had begun to show a little more. His formerly taut stomach had softened a bit at the beginning but it wasn’t something that was noticeable at first. But now he was really starting to get a bit of a bump. Sometimes he would lay on his back and lift his shirt up in the dead of night to rest his hands on his now rounded tummy. It was becoming all too real that there was still a baby coming, even if he had done his best to forget and hide it. His morning sickness had passed for the most part which was a blessing. There are only so many times that Dean could run to the bathroom without Bobby becoming suspicious. At this point he was mostly experiencing random bouts of tiredness that would smack him in the face out of nowhere. Kind of inconvenient, but better than puking every day.
“Dean, I am the one who barged into your life with a camera crew.” Cas said with a smile. “The least I can do is meet your family.”
“Ok, so what do I need to know?”
She leaned in closer to Dean and he lifted his eyes, hesitant to meet hers.
After getting settled at the hotel in LA, Kevin and Gabe packed up their gear and loaded themselves into their rental car. They recapped the situation again in the car for the go-pros attached to the windshield as their crew followed in a car behind them. They were headed to Meg’s apartment that she shared with Cas. While in the car they called Meg on speakerphone.
He thought of Cas again. He didn't even say goodbye. Maybe he should turn around and talk to Bobby and Ellen. There had to be something they could do. But how could they plan for an apocalypse that Dean knew was just happening "eventually." No, this was the best plan. He had to get away and get underground where he could protect himself, his child, and everyone around him. The one thing Michael had said was that he was important somehow. If he couldn't be found then there couldn't be an apocalypse, right? The radio clicked on again and Dean glanced at it, his brow scrunching. Just as he reached out to turn it off again the tuning knob began turning and static bled through the speakers. Dean was just about to pull off onto the side of the road when the radio suddenly shut back off.
“So listen Ellen.” John started. “I didn’t come in just to shoot the shit. I’m looking for someone and I thought you might have seen ‘em.”
Dean smiled a little at that “What, that hunk of junk? I could have that paid for in one weekend.”
Suddenly the jovial atmosphere in the room vanished. Dean rubbed his palms into his eyes and turned around.
“Dean’s afraid of flying” Cas answered. He remembered Dean telling him that when they had discussed meeting up for the first time. Dean nodded in agreement.
“You look well.” Will remarked, “Beautiful, in fact.”
“So where’s Cas?” Gabe asked. Obviously, Cas was not sitting in the room with them. Meg got up from her seat.
There was no way that Dean was getting any sleep tonight.
“Too nice?”
“So, you need a place to stay or what?” Bobby asked.
One day, someone had come into the bar asking for some kind of mixed drink that Dean had never even heard the name of. It was some young girl who had wandered in and said that she was meeting a date. Dean went into the back to ask Ellen how in the hell to make a Cosmopolitan. She had written down the amounts to mix on a small note card and assured Dean that they had all the fixings. He had mixed the drink and the girl hadn’t complained so Dean felt pretty ok. He put the card into a little box next to the register in case he ever needed it again. The next day, he had asked Ellen to give him another drink mixture to practice. She rolled her eyes but he assured her that it was for training purposes only. So she wrote out the instructions for a Tom Collins and he mixed one up.
“Milk.”
Cas looked at the bag that Dean offered. He took the small bag in his hands and examined the label before reaching in and removing a small piece and popping it in his mouth.
Wednesday found Castiel grimacing through a few sips of a Vodka Cranberry. Although Dean had made some joke about that being ok since it was a pretty ‘girly’ drink. Castiel, true to form, did not appear to understand the joke and merely crinkled his brow and asked how exactly to distinguish the gender of a beverage. Dean simply shook his head.
Cas shrugged a little, playing with Dean’s finger’s now.
“Now that we have met, we trade a lot more pictures and Dean and I video chat frequently.” Cas said.
Shit. What did this mean for him and Cas? Dean felt guilty for only just now remembering his fiancé and their marriage plans that could go flying out the window. He promised himself that they would address that as soon as possible. But Crowley was right. There were people sitting on their hands and trying to contain the story of the death of the King and Crown Prince. The people of Casterbury deserved to know as soon as possible but they needed to get Dean out of Winchester manor first.
“Well why didn’t you just call?” Sam challenged.
Dean almost laughed at the clinical way Cas was describing going on a date. Dean really hated to break Cas’s heart. He was looking at Dean with such an unsure expression. And it wasn’t that Dean wouldn’t enjoy going on a date with Cas. He loved nothing more than shooting the breeze with the other man during his shifts at the Roadhouse, and he certainly wasn’t hard on the eyes. But Dean was pregnant and nobody knew. And if they knew he was pregnant then they would have to know exactly how he got himself into that situation and Dean wasn’t sure he was ready to deal with that. Not to mention the fact that he was pregnant. Why would he want to drag Cas into that mess? He was going to have a baby in a few months…why would Cas wanna date someone knocked with someone else’s kid?
“Nothing is going on with me. I’m sorry, can we just go to bed?” Cas asked.
“Sir, I understand this time is difficult.” Crowley said, “I’m sure Mr. Novak will return when he is ready.”
“But you think he’d mention that he is the parent to his half-brother. That’s pretty important information to make public if you’re looking to date someone.” Kevin fought back. “I mean, maybe he made it up. He only mentioned the one brother and then as soon as Cas is going to go visit all of a sudden his dad and step mom are dead and he has a half-brother he never mentioned?”
“So you were saying that we are going to stay with our current trade agreements with Myorca? I think that seems like a good idea. I was reviewing those earlier this week and there are a few things I would recommend tweaking a little but we need to make it through our five year commitment before we start renegotiations.”
“Hello, you’ve reached Castiel Novak. I’m told you will understand to leave a message at the beep so this message is redundant.”
“Yeah, I come here a few times a week. It’s usually quiet….and stuff.” Dean answered. The both continued walking. Dean kicked a rock in the path. Cas stopped in his tracks.
“Research?!” He asked, with a smile on his face. Cas’s cheeks were beginning to redden.
"Well, if Cas is on board with this then we’ll fly out to you guys and get to the bottom of this!” Gabe said.
“So Dean, what’s your drink?” Ellen asked, nodding to the glass she had sat in front of him. Dean debated his answer. He had turned 18 a few weeks prior with little to no celebration but he was still a few years off the legal drinking age, not that it would be his first drink. Normally he would just ask for a beer and hope not to get called on it. He had his fake but he doubted that Bobby would back him up. And anyway, he supposed any kind of alcohol probably wasn’t good for the baby.
The Palace had decided to wait a week or so to announce the royal engagement of King Dean and Castiel Novak. But Dean and Cas didn’t mind. They had a whole lifetime.
“Ok, so that does seem a little suspicious. Dating profile, only one picture, claims not to have a facebook. Seriously, who doesn’t have a facebook these days?” Kevin asked. He swiveled the digital camera from the laptop screen to Gabe who was scratching his chin.
“Hey Dean-o! How are things?!” Gabe asked, when Dean popped up on his laptop screen. It was time to film the epilogue for the episode, which consisted of Kevin and Gabe calling the two people for an update on their lives since the show.
“So is that why you’re only ‘technically’ a prince?” Cas said, using air quotes, “Because you’re not actually intended to be King?”
One of Dean’s least favorite things about pregnancy so far was having to pee. All. The. Time.
“Then why is it that you feel like you are only able to talk to me through a phone? Why is it so difficult to say the things you’ve already said to me, now that I’m standing in front of you?” Cas asked, voice gentle.
He was used to people acknowledging his royalty. But in non-ceremonial circumstances or unless he was at some function or another, they typically acknowledged him with averting of their eyes and a slight bow of the head or curtsey. And when he was in public outside of Winchester and the capital he was barely even recognized half the time. He was not accustomed to the sweeping bows that he was already dreading experiencing.
“Well, typically at this point, we would call Dean and tell him that we are with you and that we want to bring the two of you together.” Kevin said.
“Yeah, um….it was a bit of a mess. A few days before Cas was supposed to be flying out I got a call that my dad and step mom, Kate, were in an accident. So I had to call Cas and postpone. Kate died that night and…my dad died a few days later from complications. Adam was barely two and Sam was seventeen. Since Sam was so close to being eighteen I didn’t really have to fight for custody. But with Adam being so young they wanted to put him in foster care so he could get a ‘real family.’ So I fought to become his legal guardian so I could take care of him. It took a couple of weeks but I was finally granted custody. Since then, I’m always busy taking care of him and Sam or working. I have to always have a job and they monitor my income to make sure that Adam can stay. I don’t want to risk anything that might get him taken away.” Cas had moved a little closer to Dean on the couch and had placed a comforting hand on his shoulder as he finished his story.
“I am confused. If you are not in a relationship then why can we not go on a date?” Cas asked.
“I know you can but just…” Dean sighed and rubbed his eyes. “Look, it’s been a really long night and I’m not going to be getting to sleep anytime soon so can we please not fight?”
“Sorry John, I haven’t seen anyone that young in here.” Ellen replied. “You can ask around but I think he would have stuck out like a sore thumb in a place like this.”
“It’s not what I was thinking of either.” Cas said. There was a momentary beat before they both went in for a hug. Dean closed his eyes and tried to ignore the cameras and the fact that there was a mic jammed down the back of his pants, and just be with Cas in that moment.
Castiel placed his book down and looked at the beverage on the counter.
“Want to see if the pizza in the cafeteria has gotten any worse?” he said, effectively ending the conversation. Dean huffed out a laugh.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck and kept his eyes trained on the floor.
And sometimes they hated each other.
“You mean Sioux Falls? I was not aware that alcohol impacted residency.” Castiel said, seemingly curious.
“Yeah, that.”
Dean raised his eyebrows. Cas was again glancing over Dean’s shoulder but quickly renewed eye contact. His cheeks reddened slightly. “I mean, you know. Come sit on this side of the table so we can talk more quietly instead of shouting across the table.”
“Yeah well, you’ve said before that your dad is a little bit of a hardass and you seemed really uh…”
Cas hmm’d as the movie ended. Dean quirked an eyebrow and glanced over at Cas.
“So he’s basically a full time parent to a toddler.” Gabe said.
A little while later, Kevin and Gabe were back at the hotel room. They got their equipment set up and Gabe logged into his e-mail.
“Excuse me?” Dean asked, thrown by the suggestion. Cas shuffled a little awkwardly.
Dean squeezed his eyes shut and rubbed his thumb and forefinger across his eyelids.
“The council continues to debate the trade agreements but do concur that there is not an immediate need to request negotiations.”
Ellen had sat him down in her office chair and closed the door. She turned to him and crossed her arms.
“What? No!” Dean answered swiftly. “You ever hear of tact?”
“So what am I going there for?” Dean asked.
“Ok Dean.” Cas said.
“Sounds cool, man! Finally going to be contributing to society.” Dean joked, “Why’d you decide to get a job though? Ellen decide she was going to start charging you rent?”
“Yes.”
“Don’t worry about it Dean. We’ll take you to the clinic tomorrow to get it taken care of” John said. He wasn’t even looking at Dean any more. He was just puttering around the kitchen, trying to look like he was too busy to continue the conversation.
“Does Cas know that you’ve contacted us?” Gabe asked.
“Yes. I am just nervous about meeting him after all this time.” Cas said. “And I guess I am afraid that he will react negatively to our first meeting taking place with me showing up on his lawn with an entire camera crew with pitchforks and accusations.” Gabe handed the camera off to Kevin.
Cas smiled and ran a hand through Dean’s hair, gently ruffling it.
“Sure, Dean.”
“Oh ok.” Sam said. There was a moment’s pause. “Who is?”
“So Dean is the legal guardian of his half-brother? How old is he?” Gabe asked.
Dean and Cas had been sitting fairly stiffly next to one another on the couch that sat at the end of Cas’s bed. They had discussed what movie to watch and once settled no other words were spoken save for a few comments and questions from Cas about the movie. Then, at one more quiet part of the film, Cas began to yawn a little. Dean was worried for a moment that Cas was too tired to finish the movie until Cas raised his arms over his head in a yawn. Dean felt one of Cas’s arms rest on the couch behind his shoulders and couldn’t help but chuckle a little.
“Huh….so you put all that together and figured out that I was here?” Dean challenged.
“Not yet. I mean, I don’t think. They wanted me off the ground before the news broke.”
“Kind of? I have no idea.” Dean answered, deferring to David.
“Dear Kevin and Gabe” Gabe read out. “My name is Meg. I’m writing to you because I think my friend is being messed with by someone online. His name is Cas, and he is a really great guy. We met our freshman year at college and, for some reason he wanted to be my friend. Two years later and I can’t seem to shake the guy. But he grew up with a really sheltered family so coming to college has been really overwhelming and he spent a lot of time in his dorm. I try to bring him out with me to parties so he can meet people but he seems more interested in his computer. I thought he just had a more introverted personality but recently he admitted to me that he is in an online relationship. I thought he meant that it was a long distance relationship but turns out he never met the guy. I did a little snooping, sue me, and it all looks really suspicious. This guy has a dating profile with ONE picture and claims not to have a facebook. His name is Dean and he comes across as a perfect Midwestern farm boy. But on top of that, he drives a classic car and loves classic rock but he also has a sensitive, caring side. It just seems too perfect. Like someone who took as much cool/nice stuff as they could think of and put them into one profile. Cas will be able to give you all the nitty gritty details, but I just don’t believe that this guy is legit. And as much as it will break his heart if it’s all a lie, I’d rather he know than continue to give his love and attention to someone who is messing with him. Cas has hopes of being a veterinarian and has been talking lately about how nice it would be to work with farm animals out in Lawrence, where Dean lives. I’m not a sentimental person, but nobody messes with Cas. Please help him out. Meg”
With a brief pat to his back the aide stepped away from Dean and bowed his head briefly and allowed Dean to add any last minutes touches to his own appearance in the small mirror placed in front of him.
Dean rubbed his forehead, feeling a headache coming on. It’s not that he wanted Bobby to kick him out, or at least demand he find somewhere else to go when the baby came. But Dean couldn’t dump his life and his problems anymore on Bobby, Ellen, Jo, or anyone else for that matter.
“Sam” Dean said in a warning tone, turning back briefly to lock eyes with his brother. “Drop it.”
“Hello Dean.” Cas said, smiling gently. He paused momentarily before bowing his head slightly and adding in a murmur, “Your highness.”
Dean had rolled his eyes at Charlie’s first mention of the dating app. He was convinced that he didn’t need a phone to hook him up with a date.
“I don’t know, maybe when I couldn’t drink anymore?” Dean snarked. Ellen rolled her eyes.
Protect him from what?
The air felt…odd. There was this static energy pulsing through the atmosphere. Dean wasn’t sure that he liked the feeling but it’s possible he was overreacting. His former razor sharp instincts had mellowed since he had been in Sioux Falls. But something felt off. Dean turned off the car and stepped out, looking around for-well he wasn’t sure. The sky seemed to have calmed down a little but there was still a bolt of lightning or two piercing the sky.
“Right, no of course.” He answered quickly. Dean furrowed his eyebrow.
“…Dad never answered. I couldn’t leave a message because I had no number for him to call me back.”
Dean spared a calculating glance at his roommate before shrugging and returning to his dresser. Eventually Cas had had enough of laying on his mattress and fished out his sheets and blanket and made his bed. He flopped back on the bed, apparently satisfied with completing one unpacking task at a time, and pulled out a book and started reading.
Dean and Cas had gone on a handful of dates. Typically it involved food from somewhere followed by a movie in Cas’s room and some making out on the couch. And don’t get
“Uh it’s Novak, Novak, and Milton.” Cas answered. He glanced back down at his beer before meeting Dean’s eyes again. “The two Novak’s are my older brothers and the Milton is my sister, although she married and chose to change her name. It’s a family business you could say.” Cas gave a tight smile and Dean couldn’t help but notice his eyes glance around over his shoulder. It wasn’t the first time but Dean wasn’t sure if it was just nerves or if he was looking for something.
“Dude, I have no idea.” He said. “When we’re on the phone, I can say anything to you. But now it’s like…I don’t know. I told you I’m not, like a feelings kind of guy. It’s always been kind of hard to talk about stuff with people. I don’t know.” Dean ran a hand through his hair. He turned as if to turn around but instead put his hands in his pockets and looked at his feet.
“Oh my god, I’m not gonna get boobs am I? Ow Ellen! Be nice to me, I’m with child!” Dean rubbed the back of his head where Ellen had smacked him. Luckily the doctor just chuckled.
“Well, Maverick could have had sexual intercourse with Charlie, however he instead chose to leave. He appears to be more comfortable with the other men in the film, not to mention much closer emotionally.” Cas answered.
“It’s uh-It’s a pregnancy test.” Dean muttered, before quickly adding “Sir.”
Fergus Crowley was the only child of Rowena Connell but Crowley was sure that even if she had more children after him he would still be the most hated.
"Alright, well let’s run the number” Gabe said. They copied Dean’s number from Cas’s e-mail and pasted it into the search bar on the phone number look up website that they used.
“Very well.” Crowley said. “I will make sure that he is available for you to call as soon as you are on the plane.”
“Well I don’t. I have a…thing.” Dean said. “But listen, you take care of yourself, ok? Don’t be afraid to call Bobby if you need something.”
Oh shit.
“Hello, Dean” Cas greeted warmly. “I was wondering if you were ready? I asked Ellen and she said that we might enjoy some popcorn so she showed me how to use the microwave.”
But Bobby would only let him be a bum for so long. After four days he dragged Dean into the bathroom and told Dean in no uncertain terms that he would not be leaving until he had showered and brushed his teeth. Once he was clean he found his dirty clothes were missing from his room. He changed into a pair of clean pajamas and went downstairs.
“Hmm? No, no go ahead. I got it.” Dean said, sitting up more in his seat, trying to school his expression in to one of focused attention.
Dean looked up in disbelief. Bobby wasn’t kicking him out? He can’t have thought this through.
“…How can you watch the most…manly…macho movie and immediately think the two main characters are gay?” Dean asked, shaking his head in confusion.
“Dean, what’s going on? Is everything ok?” Sam said, in a hushed voice. Poor kid was probably still in his dorm room trying not to wake his roommate.
“What happened when Cas was supposed to visit last year?” Gabe asked. Dean licked his lips and rubbed his hands on his jeans.
“Who, dad? No, I hid and Ellen said I could stay here while you guys are in town.”
“Is that why you always used to tell me that angels were watching over me?” He asked.
“Dean, what’s wrong?” came Jo’s voice. “Cas was saying that-“
“Oh God, you’re not going to start wearing rainbows or anything, are you?”
“You know…you pretend to yawn and stretch your arm so you can reach over and put your arm around your date?”
“Night, Sam.”
Dean licked his lips and wished he had a glass of water because suddenly his throat felt dry.
They chatted for a few minutes before the other guy had to go. Dean went back to swiping and once again got a notification that the blue eyed man with the dreamy blue eyes matched with Dean. He quickly learned the man’s name was Castiel. After they had gone through some basic opener conversation, Cas got straight to the punch.
“And Ellen let him stay?” Dean asked, disbelieving. Jo shrugged.
“One month.” Dean said. “One month almost exactly.”
“Dean, you have got to calm down.” Cas said.
“You did great, Dean.” He murmered. “Just relax now, you don’t have anywhere to be for a few hours.”
But Dean wasn’t supposed to be King. From birth he was technically fourth in line for the crown through his mother, Princess Mary. King Samuel II ascended to the throne upon his father’s death with his wife, Queen Deanna, and his two children, Mary and David. Mary was older by two years but David was still the Crown Prince, by virtue of him being male.
“Oh. Well…good. That would be…uncomfortable.” Cas said, seeming to suddenly realize the awkwardness of the situation.
“Your dad picked up a case a few hours out. It seems like a simple salt and burn so he’ll most likely be back tomorrow or the day after. He wanted to get into town tonight to get started early in the morning. I left Sam at the house – he’s 13, he can take care of himself for a few hours.” Bobby paused, unsure if he wanted to continue. “Ellen called me back after John left to let me know how it all went down. Don’t get mad at her for telling me, she was trying to be cagey about it to let you have a chance to tell me yourself, but I didn’t give her much choice.”
“No, I think it’s nice. Helping the little guy out. Hell, if my brother and me had had some lawyer to help us out when we were little…” Dean trailed off before shaking his head. “Anyway, what do you-“
Dean had always been very close with his parents, but he was especially close with his mother. He enjoyed it when his father let him sit in on meetings to learn and even more when his dad took him
“I just. Dean, I did everything I was told for so long with my parents.” Cas replied, “I went to private school, dated whomever my parents wanted me to, went where they said, when they said, and never questioned any of it. And I thought....I guess I thought that after I met you that was different.”
“Uhh…” Dean squinted at the picture before reading the caption “Oh yeah, he was my great-great grandfather, on my mom’s side.”
“I’m sorry it’s just….I thought you were dead after a while, I really did. I didn’t know what happened and you were gone and dad wouldn’t talk about it. I thought….I thought this must have been what it felt like after…after mom-“ Sam stopped talking suddenly.
“I did not order a drink.” Castiel said, in confusion.
Dean definitely agreed. So out the door went Ellen and into some stirrups went Dean’s legs. About ten minutes later Ellen was invited back in and Dean was back in his street clothes and was definitely NOT as red as a tomato. Dean and Ellen sat back down on the chairs.
Dean was behind the bar of the Roadhouse no less than an hour later and was in the process of drying glasses when Castiel appeared from the back and took his usual seat at the bar.
“Ellen, you’re freaking me out here.” Dean said, rubbing the arms of the chair he was sitting in. Ellen chuckled.
He was about a mile outside of the city when the radio clicked on playing the classic rock station Dean usually had it tuned to. But not even Metallica could sooth his nerves tonight. He reached out and clicked it off again. He drummed his fingers on the steering wheel, wondering how far he could get before he would need to fill up his tank again. He should probably get to a bus station but he had to check how much money he had in his wallet.
Maybe he had been underestimating the King.
Bobby inclined his head and hummed to indicate he was listening.
“Wait, the baby can hear me?”
Ok so I'm not promising to update this every week, but I was able to crank out another chapter so I figured I would post another one. (I'm up to chapter 13) I think I'll stick with as long as I get a new chapter written, I can back post a new chapter.
“Ok, let’s see here.” Gabe muttered, scrolling through the website. “So we have the one picture that anyone has seen of this guy. It’s clearly a man, looks tall-ish, some muscle, and blonde hair. Not quite a model but still a good looking guy. He’s leaning against some sort of classic car.”
“Cas, I will never be too busy for you.” Dean said quietly. Cas smiled sadly up at him.
“What, that’s it? You’re all out of questions?”
Ellen and Dean parked and headed up through a side entrance. They ignored the signs pointing to the front desk and made their way up to the fourth floor where they met Bobby’s MD friend.
Dean and Cas spent a few beats just smiling and staring. Each not believing that the other was really there. Gabe finally interrupted.
Dean nodded, rubbing a hand across his mouth and leaning his other elbow on the armrest. He proceeded to run his hand through his hair as he felt terror clench around his heart.
“The one thing that all of these things have in common, is Lawrence, Kansas.” Kevin added. “It’s where Dean says he’s from, it’s where Sam’s profile page says he’s from, and Dean’s phone number is a Lawrence phone number.”
He walked up the creaky porch steps and knocked on the door. He was met with the wrong end of a shotgun.
Dean gave it a moment before chancing a look at Bobby. He looked like he was fighting a smile but just nodded in understanding.
“Shit Cas….I didn’t know.” Dean said. “Ellen never mentioned where you came from but I did think it was weird that she let you stay here. You know she doesn’t actually rent out these rooms anymore?”
“There is one thing.” Gabe said. “The one link between everything seems to be Lawrence, Kansas. So whoever this Dean guy is, he’s in Lawrence.”
“Well, I should get going. I need to talk to Ellen about a few things.”
“I know you have gotten close with my little brother, Castiel. And I know that Anna warned your friend of his arrival. I’m just here to make sure that nothing….” Michael pursed his lips in thought, “….unfortunate happens.”
“So she just let you stay? You show up and have no idea who you are and she just lets you set up camp up here?” Dean asked, disbelieving. Cas looked up and his eyebrows were scrunched together.
“Good. Alright, well I’ll see you later today.” Sam said. “Keep taking care of my brother, ok?”
Cas got the hint and the discussion quickly devolved into a heated couch make-out session.
Charlie gave a “sure thing” over her shoulder and then the door closed. Dean looked down at his phone where Charlie had downloaded the app. He took another swig of his beer before leaning forward and placing it on the coffee table. He settled back in and opened the app and upon logging in with a tap to the Facebook icon faces started popping up.
I’m going to make you scream.
“We should go,” Cas said, disappearing. Dean did a last sweep of the area, picking up a few weapons the demon ghosts had flung away from him, and headed to the impala. Cas was already in the passenger seat, tapping impatiently on the windowsill.
“Wait,” Kevin said. “Are they dating
?” Sam said incredulously.
This was beginning to seem a bit like the beginning of a bad porno.
“Ah,” Sam said, looking uncomfortable. “I’m sorry for not calling much, Bobby. I was pretty messed up.”
“Hello, Dean Winchester,” Michael said, and Dean relaxed slightly. Although he sounded different, Dean still could have picked him out anywhere.
Dean blinked, and the angel was gone, leaving him alone in the white room.
Ruby refused point-blank to go with them to hunt Alastair, which only sweetened the deal for Dean. Sam spent the entire drive over fretting about who this demon could possibly be and trying to guilt Dean into saying more, while Dean just constantly repeated “I don’t know, Sammy,” and “no, I
want to use the world as their personal campfire, is that right?”
“And I wasn’t?” he grumbled.
“Are we sure he’s out of hell already?” Sam interjected.
“He’s here,” Cas said, standing and going to the center of the warehouse. “Stay behind me.”
“Sure,” Cas said, entertaining Dean’s delusion that all the Christmas cheer was only enjoyable to Sam.
There was one guy manning the register. A quick scan told Dean that he was the only one there.
“No, it’s not that,” Sam said. “I guess… I guess I’m just used to you wanting to back me up when things get dangerous, that’s all.”
Dean glanced frantically around, looking for something, anything that could help. He’d been counting on the Antichrist still being alive, but it seemed that the other hostages wouldn’t be very helpful -- there was a barely-corporeal reaper, a demon, an assortment of monsters. And Sam hadn’t made his move yet.
“Wait, how is that possible?” Jo said. “Didn’t you guys have to seven minutes in heaven once, or something?”
remember hell, I don’t care what Random Demon Number Three said.” He felt a little bad about lying to Sam, but whenever he thought about trying to explain his memories of hell to Sam, his thoughts went red with panic. Nothing he could say would be eloquent enough to describe all that had happened while also not making Sam stop speaking to him. Nor could he say that Cas had told him to hunt Alastair, because that just led right back to that question of
“No, Dean,” Cas said, taking off his shoes clumsily. Dean couldn’t help but stare a little at the angel’s socked feet -- he’d never seen him even slightly undressed before. “The situation never arose.”
“I was getting to them,” Dean grumped.
“Okay, fine,” Dean said, holding his hands up in surrender though Sam couldn’t see him. “Time in hell moves differently than on earth, and for me, ten months was a hundred years. You happy to know that? Are you glad you forced me to tell you that? I’m 129 years old, and now
“What?” Cas said, putting the empty pitcher down. He had downed the entire thing in less than ten seconds, by Dean’s count. “Why are you laughing?”
Are you saying…
that Cas could never be mistaken for a regular human. But when he wasn’t thinking so much, and when Cas was with him in some quiet moment, like this one, Dean couldn’t feel his power, and almost forgot who he was really talking to.
The ground beneath Dean suddenly disappeared, and his stomach dropped as Dean began falling, falling through what felt like nothing at all, with no air resistance to slow his descent, limbs flailing uselessly.
“There will be if you keep picking at it,” said Bobby, who was chopping mushrooms a ways away and clearly trying to mind his own business.
“Yes,” Cas said. “We have been trying to locate her for months, to no avail. Others in my garrison recovered her body last week.”
“Wouldn’t you like to know,” Alastair said, standing before Sam and giving him a once-over. “Ah, yes, I think this vessel will do quite nicely. Your temperament is
“Boys,” he said with a slight hiss, not looking up. “I’ve been waiting for you. What
“I did?” Cas said.
“Dean,” Cas said, twitching slightly.
“No,” Sam said, reaching out to try to stop her. “Castiel said he had something important to tell us, right, Castiel?”
“You know,” Sam said, clearly gearing up for a whole thing, “the rest of us have known for a long time that you and Dean have a very, uh, profound, bond. I never fully understood it myself, though I can see it. But I guess that I assumed that because of whatever it is going on between you two, Dean was able to communicate his feelings to you. Especially since he’s not a twenty-five year old anymore.”
The uncomfortably caved-in mattress and the dulcet tones of Bing Crosby coming from the downstairs speaker finally forced Castiel to wake up for real, after several hours of waking up and falling asleep again. Beside him, Dean was glaring towards the source of the sound. From the barely-there light coming from the window, Castiel deduced that it was still early.
“Dean,” Cas moaned, rutting slightly.
“You did wake me up at the crack of dawn for this,” Cas said. “This is not the time for quality work.”
Back when he was a teenager, probably sixteen or seventeen, Dean had had a brief crush on a boy at one of his many high schools who painted his nails black, had his nose pierced, and wore thick eyeliner every day. His dad had seen him say something innocuous and nice to the kid one day and given him shit for it.
“Very soothing,” Cas agreed. “Angels are watching over us.”
“Did Michael come?” Sam slurred, on his feet now but still mostly being carried by Dean.
Cas lit a match over the bowl and set it aflame, chanting in a language that Dean couldn’t possibly hope to understand. The long-since burned out lightbulbs above them exploded in tandem, but nothing else happened.
“The romaine is fine,” Jo said. “You’re just paranoid because of those articles.”
“I usually don’t say no to sex, Cas. But only if… only if the other person wants it.”
“Oh, the truth comes out,” Sam said, bitchy tone audible even over the phone. “You can’t help me because all of a sudden Cas is more important.”
“Okay,” Cas said, continuing to fuck gently in and out with his finger and surging forwards to kiss Dean, tongue slipping possessively into his mouth. They carried on like that for a while, long enough that Cas seemed to forget his initial panic, and Dean lost all feelings of discomfort.
“Is this plan you speak of actually good?” Gabriel said. "Because I have some notes that might really add a
It had been days of a hazy, depressed, alcohol-infused bender, and Dean no longer knew exactly how long it had been since he’d snuck out of the fancy Chicago hotel, leaving behind a passed-out Castiel. Nor was he completely certain where he was anymore -- he didn’t really
“About most things, no,” Gabriel said. “About this stuff,
“I approve,” Sam said, smiling again and nodding in some way Cas couldn’t hope to interpret. “Not that you need me to, but I do.”
“And say what?” Dean said. But a flapping sound and a set of screeches from the ducks let him know that Castiel was already long gone, leaving Dean with all his unanswered questions dead on his tongue.
“Castiel! Hi! Great to see you! Have you seen a large green box anywhere?” Sam Winchester said as soon as Cas stepped through the front door. He had panic in his eyes, what looked like several decades worth of dust in his hair, and a handful of weapon-related paraphernalia in his hands. As Cas contemplated how to politely tell him that he had been in the house for less than a second and could not possibly have seen a large green box, a few miscellaneous bullets tumbled out of Sam’s hands and onto the floor.
A note: in my head, Cas is demisexual but theoretically could be attracted to any gender, which is why he identifies bisexual in this fic.
