Practicing surgery could kill a man who still had a fighting chance.
“One never knows,” Sherlock said. “Well, how about our own garden here? In the perennials bed, perhaps?”
“What are we going to find up there?” asked John as he and Severus walked toward the cottage. He was still getting used to the feeling of walking in robes and struggled to keep up with Snape’s long strides.
“They told me – told me,” Lestrade rasped. He stumbled backward, falling to his arse on the ground, dropping his head in his hands. “Dead,” he muttered. “Dead is dead.”
He didn’t miss the twitch of lip as Sherlock registered his slip. The other man let out a similar huff - feigning an annoyance he clearly didn’t feel. His eyes moved to the wall over the door.
“Codebreaker,” he said, voice stronger now. “I hated it.”
Rosie. John. Mary.
Sherlock smiled cryptically. “You give him too much credit, and others not enough.”
Sherlock chuckled. “I learned more from her directly than by spying. She liked to shock me – to beckon me over to sit beside her on the settee and tell me all sorts of gruesome stories about death, dismemberment and abject tragedy.”
A thousand feet as the crow flies seems a short and manageable distance when on the surface of the earth in the full light of day. Underground with the single beam of a mediocre torch, a thousand feet began to seem like a formidable journey. The tunnel, at least, didn’t narrow as they progressed. It ran straight for a hundred feet or so, then began to curve to the west, and the dim light from the loo behind them disappeared.
“If Sev is there, thank him for the excellent medical care,” John called out as Sherlock disappeared out the door.
Perhaps it was the question itself that distracted him enough to hop down this particular rabbit hole.
And when she finally was dismissed, and began her slow walk back to her room with head held high, John himself was summoned.
John really should have expected this, though he admitted he’d allowed himself to believe that a quiet breeze and the fading sunlight on Sherlock’s skin would change his attitude. He stood with determination and walked over to the forgotten garden tools, picked up a trowel and a small rake, then returned to Sherlock, whose eyes were still closed.
?” he exclaimed as he stood in the middle of the garden near the dialect fountain, turning slowly to study the sad, crumbling and overgrown space.
Lily’s eyes moved from her mother to her brother then back to her mother again. Rosie bit her bottom lip.
that left his lips as Sherlock’s hand worked down into his trousers, gripping him possessively.
He stepped back, hand falling from her arm back to his side.
- pointed to his selection as resident physician for Rosethorne Manor being much more than a happy coincidence.
“That’s our ride!” exclaimed Rosie, pulling John and Sherlock by the hand as the rest of the guests clapped.
She’d made a point of telling him she wasn’t the housekeeper and didn’t do the cleaning at Rosethorne Manor.
“Really?” Sherlock looked up with interest.
Breath hot, burning, searing, branding. Groaning as cool air touched his skin, as warm mouth tasted him with the barest scrape of teeth, the skillful lave of tongue.
He squared his shoulders and continued on his way, the clothes Mrs. Hudson had turned up arranged in a neat pile in the wheelchair he was pushing, leaning against it with his stomach to compensate for the weak left hand. They smelled a bit of pipe smoke, and belonged to another day altogether. Turn of the century, he thought. Even the colour was off – he couldn’t decide if the suit was brown or purple.
And something else – larger than the other items in the stash, and far too heavy for a crow to have lifted.
“Rich, good hair, well-groomed, smart dresser and well-mannered,” Sherlock said, voice low. “In case you’re wondering what they see in him.”
Only – only John wanted more than that.
Eyes unfocused. Mouth slack.
The loo to the east. The loo he’d just examined a few minutes earlier.
John squared his shoulders and walked confidently into the room, eyes on Mycroft who sat directly opposite the door, at the head of a table stacked with books and papers and the remains of a tea. The three men in uniform turned toward the door, and John instinctively stopped and saluted. A colonel, a major and a captain – John was immediately on his guard. It was only when he slid into the empty chair Holmes indicated with a nod of his head that he took in the other man in the room. He wasn’t even moderately successful at hiding his surprise when Sherlock Holmes slowly raised his head. He was sitting directly across from John, and had had his head lowered, staring into his own lap.
“You only get nine anyway since I did one.”
“Your cashmere pull-over,” Sherlock answered.
John left the door ajar as he worked at the piano, an hour a day, every day. He wasn’t expecting to see or hear Sherlock, not after the first day or two when he’d pause with every creak of floorboards or rattle of windowpanes as the wind tried to push through the old house. On the fourth day after Miss Adler’s disappearance, he finally succeeded in a slow and stilted two handed C Major scale. It wasn’t pretty, or nuanced, but it was music.
Sherlock blinked. Molly’s frowned again.
And Mycroft knew. Mycroft who spent the rest of the war behind a desk in London, who walked with a limp and used an umbrella as a cane, who never knew when Sherlock would pop up in his doorway, looking hale and hearty. It would take a great deal of time, but one day, Mycroft Holmes would appear at Rosethorne in bespoke suit and, finding Sherlock and John off on an adventure south of Penzance in the unlikely village of Mousehole, would wander out to the near garden to watch Greg Lestrade shape a boxwood into the tail of a porpoise. And when Sherlock and John returned three days later, they found him in the garden with sleeves pushed to his elbows, working quite diligently on what he said was an Irish Setter, but could very well have been a wooly mammoth instead.
It was a game they played, now they were old men and stayed at home nearly all the time and rarely went up to London except for specialist’s appointments. It was about reminiscing, and remembering, and reliving the past, something they found they never quite tired of.
“You’re to play the piano,” she said, walking over to console that sat against the wall between two of the windows. “Fifteen minutes, three times a day.” She lifted the fallboard and slid it back. “I don’t play,” she said, inexpertly tapping a white key first, then a black, “though I’ve always wanted to learn.”
“New envelope,” he said. “I gave it to Molly – she seems really excited about whatever it says.”
When John continued working the crossword with only an occasional side-eye at Sherlock, Sherlock retreated to their bedroom and appeared ten minutes later fully dressed in what John affectionately called his clubbing suit. It was the most flamboyant thing Sherlock owned, and he’d left the top three buttons of the skintight shirt undone.
quite a bit bigger than yours, though,” insisted small Mycroft. “Yet you’re quite a bit taller than he.”
One blink. Four seconds. Another blink.
If Sherlock was all right – if his injuries weren’t serious, weren’t life-altering - there would be time for forgiveness later.
anyone. It was Sherlock - brilliant, beautiful, flawed and maddening Sherlock. Sherlock who knew his secrets, who’d guessed his past. Sherlock who’d played a masterful game and left him the last move.
And now -
Jesus Christ. Had Sherlock developed a code associated with musical compositions? It would make sense – wouldn’t it? He knew there were book codes – spelling out the position of certain words or letters on specific pages of the same edition of a book. But music? His face must have looked as pained as he felt, because Molly took pity.
“Well then….” He pockets the phone and looks up at the man, taking in his military stance, the precision of his haircut, the way his shoes are lined up beside each other beside the bed.
Well - I was almost finished with  this chapter yesterday, but made the mistake of not posting before TST aired. Can you imagine how difficult it was to get back to the story after that? So I waited 'til this morning, which I think was a good thing, because by then I had THAT John Watson out of my head, and this one back again. And I think I may have over-compensated a bit, but I also think that helped this chapter. It's one of my faves so far. Hope you enjoy it.
She shook her head with a smile, then pushed her teacup aside and stood.
“We definitely don’t want you doing experiments on him,” Rosie stated firmly.
“It’s in your pocket, isn’t it?” Sherlock had turned toward him from the other side of the bench and was studying him intently. “Your hand – you instinctively tried to cover up something. What is it, John? Show me.” He held out his hand, wiggling his fingers, then, when John showed no sign of plucking the item out of his pocket, adding, “Please?”
“Some Wiz Bang Boom would really come in handy about now,” Sherlock muttered.
“Your transport?” John asked. “You mean – your body. That’s all it is to you, then? A way of moving your brain around?”
To begin with, he can’t get a taxi. Lestrade, on his way to his car ten minutes after Sherlock left the scene, watches a cab pass without slowing and offers Sherlock a ride. Sherlock shrugs and follows him. Perhaps it is best not to rush home given John’s mood.
He doubted he could even use it to fire a weapon, to handily dispense of a threat to his own life, or to someone he loved.
“You said you’d done this before – in the army.”
But Sherlock was looking at Rosie now, too, and didn’t seem to hear John, nor was he put out any longer that no one cared about his buttons.
it. He’d faked a seizure - but why? To get Lestrade’s attention? To curry his favor?
John’s face contorted as he tried his best to keep his features neutral.
tea, you know.” Child Mycroft’s voice was nearly as supercilious as grown-up Mycroft’s.
John looked up again, meeting Sherlock’s eyes. He could let Sherlock go on - he’d surely deduced it already, and most certainly had the facts right, or nearly so. Or he could end the game, cut to the quick. They were headed to an obvious conclusion already, and short of demanding that Sherlock respect his privacy - a demand Sherlock might well ignore - that conclusion was rather inevitable.
know are either associated with military intelligence or confined here at Rosethorne. You, Mrs Hudson, Billy, and now Lestrade and Molly Hooper. My mother would not stay here. She also cannot be trusted not to reveal my status. As I said - she is very easily distracted. She would forget the information is a secret.”
“You will have full access to the grounds, as well as to the patient and medical facilities and the swimming pool. In your explorations of the property, if you encounter a locked door, be assured that it is locked for a reason. I have been informed of your proclivity to wander at night – when your … dreams … keep you awake.”
Sherlock gives him a fleeting smile.
“I don’t know, Da– Hawkins? Hambridge? Does it matter? Some sort of whole child alternative learning academy. But he’ll be at Cambridge next year, studying chemistry! With me!”
It took only seconds to remove it, and hang it over a crossbar. He didn’t hesitate, then, to push the gate open and squeeze through it. With a last look behind him at the deserted pathways, he quietly moved forward toward the sagging swing, sparing it only a glance before heading down the faint path through the too-tall path.
“Dull. It didn’t happen.” Sherlock uncrossed his legs and leaned forward, peering at John with his head slightly cocked to the side. “Tell me about the piano, John.”
The man grins. He extends a hand to Sherlock. “John Watson – you can move in any time.  Rent’s due on the first. The landlady is Mrs. Hudson – she’ll tell you she’s not the housekeeper but she’s really a lamb – though she hates to find body parts in the fridge.”
“I don’t know a thing about children,” John admitted.
In the end, Sherlock had given up and taken pity on John. He’d made tea and sandwiches, and gave John the remote control, then took a photo of John sprawled on the sofa with wrapped foot elevated and sent it to Rosie with the caption “Forgot to tie his shoes and fell down the stairs.”
He runs a thumb over the glass, holds the sun in the palm of his hand.
not,” added John, with a surge of confidence from some hidden reserve he’d long buried.
“How…?” John began to ask how in the hell Sherlock had determined that insisting that he was still a surgeon had the least bit to do with his piano playing. But he faltered, recalling Sherlock’s words.
“You’ve got him doing housework already, John,” Sherlock said with a sigh. “And no, of course it doesn’t matter. He’s perfectly perfect no matter what. If he can’t attend Bogworth, we can take him abroad and give him a practical education in the Amazon or Madagascar. But it would be helpful to know now, so we can make plans for childproofing the flat.”
“Definitely.” John watched the chasers as they drilled, tossing the Quaffle to and fro in a complicated pattern. “They’re good.” He gestured out toward the students. “You don’t have….?”
He was making light, and John appreciated it. He didn’t want to think about life after Rosethorne.
“Closet smoker,” Sherlock said, quite smugly. “It will take years off his life.”
When John makes his move, it comes in the wake of a sick child, a sleepless night, and a first dance with a beautiful lady.
He deliberately relaxed the hand in Sherlock’s hair, carding his fingers through the curls, caressing the back of Sherlock’s head. Sherlock responded by taking him even deeper with a groan that nearly obliterated John’s remaining brain cells.
“I wouldn’t know,” Mycroft said. “I don’t recall Christmas.”
“Liar,” laughed John. But Sherlock wasn’t laughing, and the look on his face told John he wasn’t joking either. “Irene? So – you – did you…?” He wished it didn’t bother him so much. They all had their pasts, after all, and Sherlock was just as deserving of lovers as John.
And inevitably, what was bound to happen did, though invariably, not the way John had thought it might.
John gives one more tug on the scarf, then releases it and looks down at the box still in his lap.
“And I haven’t actually agreed to this yet,” Sherlock stated. He summarily ignored the uniformed officers when he spoke and directed his statements to Mycroft.
Yet – he liked Lestrade. Or certainly felt no ill toward him. Or hadn’t. Yet the feeling in his gut as he thought of Lestrade’s past with Sherlock was undeniably jealousy.
“Everyone’s story is interesting,” Sherlock insisted, scooting his queen two squares closer to his king. “Tell me about your father.”
John shook his head sadly. “I’m sorry Sherlock but Hamish did not get his dummy from the dresser using magic.”
“No?” She laughed, and her laugh was as dangerous as her voice, as her beautiful and cold appearance. “I disagree, Dr. Watson. Mycroft Holmes owes his life to his brother. He is indebted to Sherlock. Sherlock could ask anything of him, and he’d comply.”
Until the end, anyway. And the course of action he’d taken then hadn’t done a damn thing for Mary, though it had, in its own twisted way, leveled the unbalanced scales of justice.
“Seven heavens – you must have loved your childhood home, and the home you shared with Mary, not to mention the ….”
The woman raised an eyebrow.
There were weeks, a bit of his past he forces himself to remember, when he drifted unanchored,
John, who had been watching Sherlock’s fingers as they manipulated the instrument, lifted his eyes to meet Sherlock’s.
Everyone, that is, but John Watson.
Christmas came, subdued and silent. Boxing Day. A brand new year.
All of those things. Yet, even more, he felt left out of the action, pushed to the sidelines. His intellect might not measure up to Molly’s, and certainly not to Sherlock’s, but he was useful as more than a day nurse. He’d never tried his hand at decoding, but who was to say he’d not be a whiz at it?
“He knows that – he’s just being … difficult.”
“Brains,” Sherlock said, as if reading John’s thoughts. “Pathetically hard to come by these days, yet Miss Hooper possesses them in abundance.”
“He’s doing a weekend Muggle crime solving class,” John said, glancing back reflexively toward the castle. “I’m supposed to be helping him out today by playing the corpse, but I’m skiving off class.”
John approached the chair slowly, but stood behind it, hands on the chairback, waiting.
Molly, however, wasn’t predisposed to question Mycroft Holmes’ motives in bringing these particular wounded men to Rosethorne. She knew nothing of the arrangement Sherlock had made with his brother, and had no idea of how deeply Sherlock’s absence affected John. She didn’t question why Sherlock had left Rosethorne on the heels of his break-through with the code. Who else could accomplish what he had to do? He’d return when his mission was completed. In the meantime, she and John had patients to care for. A job to do. And a beautiful estate to call home with warm, comfortable beds and quiet, star-filled skies at night.
“How long has he been having seizures?” he asked Mrs. Hudson as Billy finally edged over to a desk beside a closed door.
“In a way, I feel sorry for him,” Sherlock said. “Moriarty was someone you didn’t trifle with. He was a chameleon - capable of being whatever you needed him to be, whatever he
“Who’d have guessed Mycroft Holmes would love to fly?” John mused.
“Scorpius – tell me the truth, and I’ll drop this. But you are to go out, pose for the photos, be your charming self then make your exit. Understood?”
“You’ve not mentioned him before,” Sherlock replied.
Sherlock seemed agreeable to the change of direction, though John had the feeling that he was putting aside his questions about John only for the time being, and only to temporarily placate John. He dove right in without prelude.
Frankly, he was surprised they’d kept him alive.
“Yet that doesn’t mean you’re not a surgeon. Is a novelist who has put down the pen, no longer inspired, not still an author? Or a man who has killed once – is he not forever a murderer?”
“I’m sorry,” Potter murmured as the little boy clung to his leg and continued to wail. “The Minister insisted I bring him here – we’ve had a bit of a scuffle down there and – well, really, there’s no way to soften this one up, is there?”
While a physical therapist, working with him, might have had him concentrate on the repetitive movement – perhaps strengthening individual fingers, then moving on to sequencing, more complex motion, John worked for something entirely different.
“He’s a hedonist. He’ll have the most comfortable bed in the manor,” Sherlock insisted. “The sheets are amazing – he probably has Annie sprinkle rose petals on them before he retires for the evening.”
“My project. The work. Right.” Sherlock steepled those long fingers in front of his mouth and looked extremely thoughtful for several moments. Molly seemed vaguely uncomfortable. She’d just looked away from John, back toward Sherlock, when he suddenly lowered his hands.
“That would be useful in our flat since it apparently smells of curry,” Sherlock said.
To need, to love, to want, to have.
And while watching a squirrel scamper onto a man’s shoulder and accept a treat was certainly unexpected, Sherlock seemed to take the entire thing in stride. This was, after all, a most unexpected place, almost magical in its decidedly un-manorlike disorder. If squirrels on the manor grounds scampered up trees at their approach, squirrels here would come to them to beg treats and ride about the garden on shoulders.
“Rosethorne has allowed for your convalescence,” he stated. “You look well, better even than before your accident. I imagine the doctor has had you under a special regimen?”
“I’m off to Bart’s – my friend Molly runs the morgue – she’s letting me have a look at a new one she’s just got in – partially mummified remains found in a storage unit.”
“Pills?” The man carefully replaced his sock. “Exercises in futility.” He winced a bit as he slid his shoe over his sock, but stoically laced it. “You need a meaningful activity to encourage your progress. Surely Hooper can see that.” He nodded toward the door. “I’ll speak with her in the morning before I leave. Good evening, Dr. Watson.”
He stood in silence as the quiet laughter ebbed, staring at the medal he’d been handed.
“Not necessary,” John replied stiffy. “We’ll be having weekly escape drills.”
“Let’s get inside,” John urged, valiantly trying to distract Sherlock. “You can tell me about your grandmother as we walk.”
John grinned. “Sounds like someone I know.”
“No. Not at all,” said John, finding his voice. “Only that that is the most confusing, complex and unnecessarily complicated way of asking me to help cover your tracks! You are – you are –”
He didn’t think of Molly as he sang over the butchered notes.
The crocus were blooming.
“You’re serious.” John moved his foot, still pressed against Sherlock, not caring that Sherlock felt him, that he knew John was aroused. Sherlock followed his lead, moving his own foot in tandem with John’s.
“Silk or cotton?”
He should not have been capable of this type of conversation – banter, sarcasm, wit. But since John couldn’t force him to sleep, he might at least utilise this time more to his own benefit.
A long chapter for your long wait. It's framed as follows - Sherlock and Mycroft make a deal which is not described, then  we go back six weeks to where the last chapter left off and go forward from there, ending, again, with the deal.
“Are you asking what I do to encourage sleep?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock leaned back against the piano, and gave Molly a smile that seemed artificially bright. But then again, John had never seen Sherlock deal with a brand-new person before, and when he’d first met the man, it had been in decidedly different circumstances.
She didn’t answer, just gave a noncommittal hum.
So why was he so damn nervous?
“Brilliant?”
“Boredom isn’t the problem,” he said, dropping his eyes and carefully choosing his words as he stepped back and braced himself against the dresser, as if the solid mahogany imbued strength into his damaged leg.
“You’re getting pulled in? To what they say?” John deduced, though this conclusion wasn’t much of a leap. “And that’s distracting you from your goal.”
“You could say that,” he said. He sobered then, thinking that today’s London wasn’t the London of the 1930s, and the air had a very different quality there indeed.
“If she meant to do it – to take her own life – you couldn’t have stopped her,” Sherlock said. “Who were you protecting by suppressing the truth?”
"I'm proud of you, Sherlock." John murmured, laying his head down against Sherlock's chest, slipping his arms around his waist. "You've helped a lot of people today. That could've so easily been us." John remarked, still hardly believing it had happened. "The rumours are going wild on telly. It's awful." John sighed, closing his eyes against the fabric of Sherlock's shirt.
The thermometer gave him something to focus on at least, and by the time it beeped, Sherlock wasn't quite such an emotional wreck.
"Juice." Hamish mumbled, still groggy. He thanked his father as a plastic cup of orange juice was placed down in front of him, and he sipped at it tentatively. "Where's Pa?" He asked, as John cooked the banana pancakes. "Make 'em big." He added, drawing shapes on the table top with his fingertip.
John tossed and turned in his old bed, the covers too heavy and hot, and the mattress all too hard. He couldn’t seem to get comfortable for the life of him, and Sherlock wasn’t helping him in the slightest. John loved Sherlock, he truly did, but sometimes it became too much. He listened to Sherlock apologising, and something low in his chest seemed to snap, because Sherlock never apologised. John could count the amount of times that Sherlock had said he was sorry on one hand, and the fact that he’d said it about four times now was beginning to become worrying.  When the knocking and apologising stopped, and he could put some more effort into trying to sleep, it became impossible.  He tossed and turned some more, as if it might actually help him, but eventually John gave in, dragging himself out of bed, not bothering to put a shirt on, and retreated from his safe cave of a spare bed, and into the living room, hovering behind his chair, a safe distance from his partner. Sherlock was not asleep, of course, but John had never expected him to be. He lay instead, with his stupidly beautiful green eyes hard focused on the ceiling. Sherlock seemed to have forgone the nicotine patches, but John could tell that Sherlock was probably aching for them by now.
"Happy now?" Sherlock asked, glaring at John, though his eyes lacked their usual arrogance, and his voice was so hoarse it was barely even there.
“No.”
"You be nice to my boy, Mish. He's a good dog." John frowned at him, poking him in the arm as a gentle warning.
“Does it matter?” Sherlock responded, refocusing the microscope, only looking up for a fraction of a second.  He was busy, couldn’t John see that? Twelve hours hadn’t nearly been enough.
“You’re angry.” Sherlock said bluntly.
"Daddy?" John heard a familiar sleepy voice behind him, and turned around, finding Hamish there, his teddy in one arm, and his blanket in hand.
“We both know that Mycroft is a diplomat,” he whispered, his eyes stared into Sherlock’s grey-green pair of eyes. “I’m not. I’ll break your arms if I have to.”
John shook his head, looking at the man whose expression was dancing on part glee and disappointment. It was like Moriarty already known, and everything he was doing was a power play, to maybe toy with John’s head one last time. It wasn’t going to happen. “You know the answer to that.”
Someone had to protect them. Because Sherlock, his wonderful brilliant detective had a point. If John was kidnapped at 221 B under surveillance, what’s to stop it from happening again?
There was a shadow in the doorway. Greg stood, his hands in the air, his mouth moving slowly. Every motion of Greg’s body language radiated caution, and placating behaviour. Maybe a bit of surprise or a lot of surprised. John easily put the pieces together.
All the words in Moriarty’s speech had been words John has echoed to himself at one point or another in his association with Sherlock. Sherlock… is a brilliant man, who in turn, had gone against Moriarty’s words. Sherlock needed him, just as John needed Sherlock.
John glanced at Lestrade, seeing if he was following as well. Confusion also mirrored on the DI’s face.
“Hold on just a second, Sherlock. I need more information about Sebastian Moran. What makes you think he escaped?”
“Everything is fine. There is something that I’ve needed to know since our first meeting-”
“No, Sherlock.”
“MRS. HUDSON!”
His comment made Greg frown, “That’s isn’t true.”
His hands were shaking as he picked up the useless piece of charcoal. He hopelessly glanced around the room, finding other students going fast to work on their sketches, seemingly unaffected of the gorgeous man. Even his neighbor with the awful baseball cap was going to quick work, humming a catchy tune under his breath. John couldn’t focus on anything but the intensive eyes staring among the classroom. If he had…done it… his friendship with Sherlock would become complicated. His attraction would affect his feelings of friendship, which was something that John had worked hard to rebuild again after everything. This was his best friend. His best man. The man who fixed him, who broke him, then fixed him again.
We moved to the shampooing room, and lay on the
It is a mercy to let me die, he tells the Count, for if I live I shall lose my reason and become mad.’
‘You evinced a dislike to him that I believed was based on his appearance and manner. I did not know whether you had guessed at his inversion; his disease I knew you could not have diagnosed, for you have not the skill. The signs are yet too slight for any but an experienced man to see, but the venereal afflictions are common in the army, and I have that knowledge. But you might have disliked his being an invert. So, no, I could not be sure of you, Holmes. Of your sympathy for him, or your understanding.’
I thought Watson was going to strike the man then for he started forward, but I plucked him by the sleeve, and forced him to follow me without more ado. When we were out of the concert hall, I hailed a cab. He handed me into it as was his wont and then told the cabbie to drive to Baker Street.
‘Then do not leave me.’ I held out my hand, hating to see him so sorry and diminished. ‘Will you come to me? Please?’
.’ I gave him back his quote. ‘Come and lie down in my room, my dearest John; the stairs will be too much for you with that strain you have put on yourself. Tonight, I shall heat a towel at the fire, you may wrap your leg with it for comfort, and we will rest it with pillows so there is no pull on it. When you have slept, we will take counsel, and decide on our campaign. And tomorrow we will go to the Turkish Bath, that you may be supple once more, and at ease. And we shall – we shall, I promise you, live to fight many days yet.’
‘Not of a certainty, my dear, nor should we think further of it tonight, although we may discuss it another time if you wish. I say only that it may not have been you that made her unkind, and bitter, and that I do not wish you to blame yourself. You were the innocent in this: what you suffered was unfair. I wonder, now, how they accounted for you, when you joined the family.’
He tightened his clasp again, bent so that his cheek rested on my hair, and I felt his lips move against it. ‘Perhaps I should ask Hayter to take me fishing tomorrow, and you may remain on the sofa in the library to rest in the solitude you so desire. The dark mood will lift, Holmes; we know it will lift. And do not forget that you are still experiencing the after effects of the cocaine you took. For every action . . .’
‘Baynes is a good man,’ I remarked to Watson,, some hours after our visitors had left us. ‘It was astute of him to notice the unburned note at the back of the fireplace, as it provides some corroboration of Eccles’ story. As for the writing itself, it is clearly a code of some sort: we will come to that in a minute.’
‘I shall have to consider it,’ he told me. ‘You know I do not want to go back, Holmes, my dear man, because I have told you that before. But if it were to come to all out war with Russia, then it is every man’s duty to serve as best he can. I am a doctor trained in combat injuries: although there is little enough we can do for them, better I than some raw recruit out of Netley, trembling in his boots with fear. You would not hang back yourself in the circumstances: I know that reckless courage of yours, and your brave, true heart, my Damon.’
and for a moment I saw, in the steely glint in his eye, the set to his mouth, a sterner, more authoritative Watson, accustomed to the coarse humour of the barracks, at ease with foul-mouthed sergeants, and whoring subalterns, but determined to allow no liberties. He was an adept, practised in an easy yet authoritative camaraderie to which I would never attain, I, who must cow men into submission with deductions that made them fear even as they marvelled (for there are few who are without a shameful secret of one sort or other, after all). I allowed Watson to banter with him for a few moments, wanting him to take Johnson’s measure in full, and was about to recall them to business, when Watson recollected himself.
He choked out a laugh - angry, sardonic. ‘Urania is the muse of astronomy, yes. A Uranian is an invert, as you know. Fingering is – well, it is a – a sexual practice between men – and – and between men and women of course. I do not expect you have heard of it, but in the course of my professional career,’ he coughed, and a deeper flush burned on his cheek – ‘ I have occasionally had to ask – pertinent – questions. Ganymede, if you remember your mythology, was the minion, or lover, of Jupiter. He implied that you were an invert, Holmes, and that I was, and that we were together, had been together in that kind, for six years.’
'I’ll tell you what I did first, and how I came to do it afterwards.' I told them. 'After leaving you at the station to return here, where I knew you would be safe, I went for a charming walk through some admirable Surrey scenery to a pretty little village called Ripley, where I had my tea at an inn, and took the precaution of filling my flask and of putting a paper of sandwiches in my pocket. There I remained until evening, when I set off for Woking again, and found myself in the high-road outside Briarbrae just after sunset.
‘Is it not your duty to take action on this – this document?’ he asked, and I loved him more dearly than ever in that moment for his quixotic courage, even as I quailed at the prospect of lying my way out of a denunciation. For whatever the paper held, I knew I was guilty in thought and spirit, if not in deed. ‘Should you not denounce us, Lestrade, if you believe the contents to be true? Although this is another move, is it not? After the trap that failed - but only because we were fortunate enough to be friendly with Jack Saul, and he called off the hounds - this is a renewed attempt to discredit us? An attempt aimed at putting us foul of the law itself, since it was addressed to you, and it is known that you work with us.’
June and July saw Watson back at Barts, working hard, and with renewed energy for his London waifs and strays, while I idled away my time with a series of run-of-the-mill cases for Lestrade and Gregson, whose rivalry, it had to be said, had reached the point where, like a pair of professional beauties, they came nigh to stabbing or poisoning each other. It amused me to play them off against each other, although I had to be careful in so doing, since I needed the cases they provided. My own personal clientele was not yet paying me enough for me to dispense with the Yard’s patronage. We were doing well, Watson and I, but not quite well enough, and although I could see, as August brazened the dusty air and curled the horse chestnut leaves with prematurely autumnal tints, that he yearned for the glades of the New Forest, or the shingle of some breezy beach, I was obliged to veto any further holidays lest we deplete our bank accounts too gravely. The singular affair of the two ears packed in a cardboard box came just in time to save us both from terminal ennui, and although it was a sad business, as such love-caused murders often are, it replenished our funds, and sent us into the autumn in fair financial weather.
Alleyne, Hordle John, and Maude are from 'The White Company', a historical novel written by Doyle which he preferred to his Sherlock Holmes stories.
‘I should be most happy to go down with you if I should not be in the way.’ He smiled at me, a hesitant smile that made me wince. Things were not well between us. ‘My dear Holmes, you know I am always happy to accompany you.’
A silence fell between us. I looked into his eyes, and saw his truth there; in mine I believe he could see all my doubt, my hesitation and fear – my longing and my love for him. I believe a promise passed between us in our long gaze. We would be kind to each other henceforth, since we consented together in love. I lay content within his arms again, pressed close and warm, no words needed. We did not exchange a kiss, not then. We were too new, I think, to the idea that we might – that such a thing could be. I had doubted him, doubted he would want to share, wondered whether he held me in such kind as I held him. He, I know, had thought me one of those who set no store by the body’s desires. Indeed, I felt no desire in the moment of truth: all was too strange. But he knew my heart, I was certain, and I knew his.
‘Eleven,’ I read. ‘Outrages on – on Decency? What has this to do with me?’
‘I am sorry,’ I said to him later that day – a cold, wet, April day - on his return home, ‘for ejecting you so summarily, but the compound is dangerous if agitated, and poor Dupré’s hands were becoming more tremulous by the moment under the force of your scrutiny. You are most awe-inspiring at times, Watson, are you not? From a gentleman whose manners are generally speaking mild and complaisant, you become a very martinet: no lowly soldier but would jump to do your bidding. Were you thus in the army, my dear fellow? I am glad I was not one of your recruits, if so.’
‘I do not want your life laid down for me, John. I want to see you alive, and happy, and safe.’
‘He must do, Holmes, he must do. Hear what Utterson’s particular friend, Enfield is doing: "
‘I wished to see him as a hero . . .’ Watson wiped his eyes again. ‘But he will not do that simple thing, he will not tell his friend: your beloved lives.’
He smiled, and knelt by me, taking my hand and patting it gently. ‘It is not difficult to be patient with those we love, my dear fellow. I am here to be of use. You know it is my greatest joy and privilege to help you.’
‘Oh, it is a doctor’s manner: I am accustomed to use it. It is nothing of note, Holmes, one has only to make the patient quite sure that one is kind, and has the intention to be kind to win them over to one’s side. And it was you who thought how to conceal that she had ever taken the letter in the first place. It was ingenious, Holmes, to slide it in between the letters already in the despatch box, and to convince Trelawney Hope that it was still there, and had never left the house. I could not believe it would come off, so bold a gamble as that seemed, and yet . . .’
‘Never cruel to me, Holmes. And you are not what you once were. You are gentler, kinder. You allow heart to direct reason, as well as reason to conquer heart.’
' - or "Mad Jack" Mitton, who once rode a bear into his drawing room - it bit his leg when he spurred it, poor beast, and who can wonder - '
‘Watson and I are not lovers. And you will not be believed, Professor. We know what you are doing. I do not know whether you have suborned a hired killer for these murders, or whether you are just making use of them, but neither Abberline nor Lestrade will give credence to any attempt to implicate my friend.’
. ‘Surely there are other, younger men who can take up your place.’
*****
‘Of course I am not: you have offended some powerful criminals over the years I have known you, Mr Holmes. Your evidence has put many a miscreant in gaol, and Dr Watson’s too, especially in those cases where there has been medical evidence of assault needed. I have been – not expecting – but aware that at some time an attempt might be made upon either of you: upon your lives, certainly.’ He smiled at me. ‘And if not upon your lives, then your reputations. You should not reckon me so little your friend, Mr Holmes: you have been good to me and to my family, and so has Dr Watson. I am not ungrateful.’
I could not bear the distress in his face, his voice. ‘Hush, let us go home. You are equally dear to me, John. I will not turn from you, no, not I, nor you from me. Let us go home and be quiet together, shut out this world that is so harsh.’ I glanced around: there was no-one in sight, but still I dared not console him with an embrace. ‘Let us go home, Watson.’
‘Could this be written by an American? “Dear Boss” is not a particularly British appellation, do you not think, Lestrade? And here, “they won’t fix me”, “down on whores”, “shan’t quit ripping.” None of this is the colloquial speech of the common or garden Londoner. When he addresses his superiors, he inevitably does so as “Sir”, if he chooses to at all. I would expect to see “they won’t catch me,” “I hate whores” rather than “I’m down on whores” and “I won’t stop” rather than “I shan’t quit.” There are falsities here – perhaps deliberate -  but I would not be surprised to find that your man had been to America. And “Jack the Ripper!” The height of melodrama, but these crimes are not melodramatic. They are cold and cruel, and unspeakably evil.’ I handed the vile thing back in its wrapper. ‘Abberline, do you believe this  - this letter is NOT a hoax? I cannot reconcile the words, the tone, the orthography, the syntax or the hand of write – or even the cadence, if you read the thing aloud: does the native, or even the naturalised Londoner speak thus? - with the murders as we have seen them. I cannot detect a European cadence either.’
‘Indeed,’ Watson sat next to me, and took my hand. ‘I see, in fact, that you have bleached that dressing gown, which now has a large and leprous blotch on it near the cuff. May I have your other hand?  No, not the burned one, the left hand. Thanks, my dear fellow. This solution you have obtained is strongly alkaline: did not you notice that your wrist was reddened where the liquid splashed? Wait while I fetch water now, we must bathe this repeatedly, until it no longer feels slick – that is the action of the alkali on your skin, Holmes – and then we shall have a little discussion.’
‘We must afford some do you not think? When so many extol its benefits, what harm can there be in trying it?’
(See the end of the chapter for
‘You have drunk very little today and the weather is excessively hot: come now, old chap, a glass of water, and a sip of punch. To please me.’
‘Nothing for six long, weary months, then, when I inquired of his father, nothing but put-offs, and short answers until I boldly – and discourteously, I confess – quartered myself upon him to endeavour to find out what had happened to my friend. And then, as I have told you, Sir, there were evasions, and riddling answers, and anger; the sudden and horrible apparition at my window, my searching the grounds and coming upon him in that miserable little cottage – cottage! Call it a prison, rather! And then his father’s turning me out with threats and remonstrances. So in the end, after I complained at the Yard, your friend Inspector Lestrade directed me to you, saying it was not something he could move on.’
‘Blackmailed!’ Lestrade frowned. ‘That old trick? A woman?’
‘It does not suit me either, Lestrade, as you must know if you know me at all, man. I am no puppet to be moved at any man’s whim. Pray, what is the problem, and what am I requested to do? For I tell you now that with such a beginning I will have nothing to do with it, if I like it not.’
is her brother, is he not? I have no power here to alter any outcome.’
‘I will have to ask you to cast your mind back several years, Mr Holmes. To the year ‘77, to be precise. You were unknown to us at that time, Sir.’
Father Kharakhanyan, Kevork and Araxia are Armenian Christians. They are all real people, victims of the Armenian genocides later in the century, whose names I have chosen to remember here.
The Marquis of Wallsend featured in one of the bawdier poems in 'The Pearl', a pornographic Victorian magazine. Gladstone's efforts to reclaim London's fallen women led to him being regarded as a hypocrite. At one point it was rumoured that he was in fact, Jack the Ripper. In any case it was widely believed that what he was doing with London's prostitutes was a long way from rescuing them.
*****
‘But the worst of all of it was,’ I said later, when I told Watson of Lestrade’s visit, ‘That the good Inspector thinks it was I who led you astray, when in truth, dear boy, it was you who took me by the hand and beguiled me into evil-doing, for yours was the suggestion that we should blow up our dynamite in Richmond Park.’
Watson handed her his handkerchief, and she touched it to her eyes. For a moment we maintained a respectful silence.
‘But how in the name of wonder did you come here, and what have you been doing? I thought that you were in Baker Street working out that case of blackmailing.’
I joined him at the window and clasped his hand again, ‘ “
‘That is true,’ said he, and we spoke no more until we reached the hotel, where he asked if I would mind if he bathed before dinner. ‘My leg is playing merry hell with me at the moment. I have done a little too much walking, I think.’ I was about to offer to allow him to use the shared bathroom first when the concierge stopped him, bowing, and handed him an enveloped telegram, which he turned curiously in his hand as we went upstairs.
It took us a little while to learn how to fall into step, for he was shorter than I, and I was shy at first of making use of his arm lest I further mar his uneven gait. He told me then that at the University he had been used to having a man lean on him for the length of a street, and that I was only a fly in comparison, so I was emboldened to hold him somewhat closer, which he seemed to approve. Once our paces suited, we rambled about for half an hour, seeing many snowdrops, for which I cared not a jot, and over which he rhapsodised in true Aesthetic fashion before I feigned fatigue to get him home. He was beginning to look pale under his tan, and I knew that Mrs Hudson would have a good fire and a fine, fat roast duck for our dinner.
‘You read me like a book, Holmes,’ His tone was both fond and rueful. ‘I am intolerably restless, I confess. It is this particular time of year perhaps, when it seems that winter will never end. I wonder how I can remain cooped up in a house any longer, submerged in this Stygian gloom, choked to death whenever I set foot outside the door, the very air grimed and unclean.’ His hand went to his collar and tugged, as if it were suffocating him. ‘I feel – constricted – caged. I am a bad subject for domestic life, I think: the army has given me a thirst for excitement. And we have had none for ages, or so it seems.’
‘Stark was – carefully chosen.’ I laid aside my Petrarch, not without some regret, and took up the Dumas. ‘Musgrave was orphaned young, is of a, of a, ah, nervous, and, and somewhat, ah, yielding disposition, and wants, needs um, a strong and guiding hand in certain areas. And a kindly one.’
Lady Laura nodded, wiping her eyes. ‘While she was at the Knoll, she – she bit and kicked the nurse who attended on her, and became violent at her confinement, and displayed, I am given to understand, a – a lack of – of modesty in her behaviour and – and dress. She was taken from there, and spent a month with her aunt – her real aunt, for she calls me Aunt Laura merely as a courtesy title – while a place was prepared for her in Gloucester. She now resides in Barnford Asylum in Gloucestershire. She has a suite there – is maintained in all comfort. Her bodily health is better; she eats and sleeps, takes exercises and corresponds with her friends. But she is still subject to these fits where she is deluded, believing she is a great criminal, that she has done ‘something dreadful’; this is her repeated cry.’
‘We have a dog cart, and an elderly mare called Ruby. I am told she is quite placid and well behaved, and although she is, I daresay, not what either of us is used to, we shall do very well with her. Which reminds me, I had better give the poor beast her oats, for she will have been waiting this hour or more, and then I must turn her out to graze. There is a boy coming from the farm down the lane to set all fair in the stable, and he will bring us fresh milk and bread, and, indeed, aught else we desire. You see, Holmes, I have taken good care of you.’
‘If you choose to foin with me, you must do it alone, Mr Holmes. Your rapier is keen, but you have the advantage of a stalwart sword beside yours: he is admirable, your Pythias. I have not yet been able to take him at any point and I must congratulate you on the acquisition of a companion from whom accusations run off like water, so deep is his probity. But it is not fair, you know, not fair at all. It is unsporting, at the very least, that two should be leagued against one.’
‘At least it is difficult to prove sodomy has occurred,’ said Watson, thoughtfully. ‘Or rather, it is difficult to prove unless immediately after the event. And despite what Juvenal is indicating when he remarks
‘A snake! Poor Labouchère! Holmes, I have never known you to be so melodramatic. But I will not press you again to meet him, if you do not wish to: it is true that you have put me off several times, but I had no idea you disliked him so intensely.’
‘Hush my dear,’ he repeated, and his arms tightened around me. ‘You’re upset because of this filthy business we’re embroiled in. I understand why you fought, Holmes. I have done so myself, gone in, fists flying, to heal my rage and pain. What you are feeling now, the sadness, that comes after too, because it is not right to do it, and we know it is not right. It’s done though, and cannot be undone now. I will deal with all. Let it go. Just rest, my dear, and let it go.’
‘Are you not eating? Watson, I am afraid you are still not happy with me.’
‘Good morning, Johnson: step into the light for a moment before you answer Mr Holmes, please. Let me look at your face. No, tilt your chin to the left. That is healing very well. You must continue to keep it clean. Forgive me, Holmes, pray continue now.’ Watson stood aside to let both Johnson and myself precede him into the house. ‘Yes, who do you have for us today?’
who demanded tribute from Athens. I suppose London could be Athens, but why not say so? Why drag Babylon into it? And to be precise, it was not only maidens, for there were youths as well, seven of each from Athens, if I recall correctly. And that only every seven years, whereas if it is London to which he refers there are new tributes every seven minutes, I should imagine. Unless of course he means to refer to the Babylonian story of Daniel, and Nebuchadnezzar throwing Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego into the blazing fiery furnace. No, it cannot be: that was not so much a tribute as punishment. The tributes to Moloch? No, it cannot be a Biblical reference: he must intend a Classical allusion, but it is poorly done. What a strange thing for him to choose as a title: I do not in the least see that it can be accurate. I - ’
He groaned, his eyes still closed, and reached under the chair, dragging his watch up by the chain. ‘It is five in the morning, Holmes. Could you not have chosen a more civilised time to come round after two days of near stupor? Go back to sleep until the day is properly aired for heavens’ sake: you know how I hate early mornings.’
‘That is that then.’ He shrugged. ‘Doctor Watson, I bid you to take good counsel and guard yourself and Mr Holmes, for although they aim at you more specifically on this occasion, it is both of you they seek to destroy. I have done what I can with this, but my power is limited; already if it is questioned whether I have seen such a denunciation, I must lie that I have not, or say I destroyed it, and bear the consequence. And if there is another, it may not come to me. You might – you might perhaps speak to Mr Mycroft Holmes, to see if there is anything he can do. I will say good day to you both now: I must be on my way. Pray call in at the Yard tomorrow, Mr Holmes: do not be a stranger. We are always pleased and honoured to see you there, Sir. And Dr Watson, if I might trouble you to bring in the most helpful notes you took from today – I should be grateful for anything else you can tell me, or to hear any further thoughts you have had. Good day to you, gentlemen.’ He tipped his hat to us and turned. ‘Until tomorrow, then.’
‘Very well; we see no evidence of incapacity in youth. Come to the period of the marriage then. Was Durham her first choice? If my memory serves me correctly, he was in a liaison with Lady Lonsdale for a time, and this was well known. You see I will be blunt with you. Durham was older, and of libertine tendencies before this marriage. How came he to be matched to a young and tender girl?’
‘I smoked it once for you, Holmes’ he said. ‘To check that it drew well, you understand, before I offered it. It draws sweet and cool, no acrid aftertaste or excessive heat. I liked the extension; it makes the pipe like a churchwarden, and easier to manage with a book in your hand.’ He handed me a pouch. ‘Will you try it? If it is not to your liking, I could always return . . .’
‘Bear as little of your weight on that left ankle as you may, Holmes. It is a matter of thirty steps or so to the cabs, and then we shall not need to walk to the hotel. I have taken the precaution of engaging two ground floor rooms, so you will not have to manage stairs.’
‘But it was you, and I was the one who gave you the drug. Why did it not affect me? Better if I died than you.’
‘Perhaps I was too tired.’ We let ourselves into the silent inn, and crept up the stairs. ‘And I am no great lover of women, as you well know. There is only one bed, Watson, albeit a large one. Pray take it, my dear fellow, and I will content myself with the couch in the sitting room: I do not expect to sleep much.’
‘Have you informed the police?”
'But not with these two murders?'
‘Yes. It is true that then I thought I knew, but now – with these dangers . . . I do not. I do not know. You said that you would not bring harm to the man you loved: when you drew back from me after - after Leila, I thought you might not wish - might not want the risk for yourself, either.  And I am a selfish man, John, but no more would I bring harm to you, so dear to me.’
'I agree that they are aimed at you, but if we are paying for anything, it is not for your fault alone.' He sighed. 'Remember, I crossed Moran in India; I offered him the cut direct when we met again. I refused Moriarty's proposal, that night at the opera: would not throw in my lot with him. You humiliated Moran over the affair of the beryl coronet, you penetrated Moriarty's sanctum, his house, in pursuit of knowledge. He must know that you are aware of his links with Worth and Moran at least - and latterly, you thwarted him over the Douglas affair. The honours are equal.'
I could not bear it. It was intolerable, a chain of words tightened round me to chafe and torment. They tossed around terms such as ‘Uranian’ ‘Urning’ ‘Dioning’ with gay abandon, as if to be such a thing were no more forbidden than the indulgence of the more natural urges for man for woman. They pondered the reasons for what they called ‘homosexuality’ (a linguistic, if not a metaphorical bastard of a term) as defined in the writings of one Karl-Maria Kertbeny, of whom I had never heard.
I pressed his arm in silent sympathy. ‘And they would be good for you too, Watson. Can we contrive it, do you think? The work on Gallagher paid well enough: we might live simply and cheaply for a few weeks.’
I shall just oblige Sir Henry then – do you sit down there, Holmes, and I shall return directly – that is excellent, and then, Sir Henry, if you would like me to shake hands with your friend, we might perhaps arrange another meeting at a more convenient date. Does your friend require my professional services, may I ask? Because I am not taking on paying patients at present, I am afraid, but I have excellent colleagues to whom I can refer him at need.
It was immediately clear to me that Eccles was an invert. It was not his habit of dress, or his outward appearance – to all intents and purposes, he was the epitome of a respectable businessman, stout, tall, grey-whiskered and solemn. Everything from his neat boots and pearl-grey spats to his top hat proclaimed the social conservative: even his frankly rather snobbish decrying my position of private detective – which I was not, I firmly corrected him; I was a consulting detective – indicated that he was endeavouring to play his part well. What was it then? What gave him away to me? How did one invert recognise another? Perhaps it was the way he looked at me that exposed him: a subtle appraisal -  one which I knew, for I had had to train myself out of it as a lad, lest I give away even my mild and innocent interest. Perhaps it was rather the covetous eye he cast, damn him, upon Watson - an assessing, lecherous glance at my dear boy’s finely shaped, beautiful mouth, the cut of his well-fitting tweed trousers, the gentle strength of his capable, surgeon’s hands.
‘That does not preclude him being an arrant knave.’ His tone was tart, and I smiled at it: there was sometimes a spice of the republican about Watson, especially when he considered the excesses of the heir to the throne. ‘Or a criminal, for all that.’
‘Holmes?’ he questioned me, after a while. ‘You will not object so very much to a little celebration will you? I know that your austerity, your reason, preclude, to some extent, enjoyment of the lesser pleasures, but you will keep the season with me, will you not? I promise I shall not overwhelm you with it.’
'Yes, Sir. Inspector Lestrade sent a messenger desiring me to tell you that he would wait upon you directly, and this was delivered for you a moment ago.'
‘Assuredly, Holmes.’ Heavens, how his blue eyes looked into mine, speaking a trust I prayed I would never cease to deserve. ‘Implicitly. Wholeheartedly. Why, Lestrade, I am just as much in the dark as you, but if Holmes thinks he must take this case and investigate what this Meiklejohn fellow is about, surely we should support him?’
The attendants came then, with a
‘My dear John?’
‘It would be a benefit to mankind not just to you yourself if you could. Did you not feel able to complete it, my dear fellow? Again, it is unlike you to abandon your work.’
‘What of tea?’ I asked, hopefully, ‘Or coffee?’
‘Holmes, be reasonable. Mrs Hudson, good morning: pray forgive me for speaking to you unshaven and in such unseemly disorder. Would you be so kind as to bring me some tea, and send up the Inspector? Mr Holmes will receive him, of course, and I should like to see him myself.’
‘Then I shall speak to Stamford. And it cannot hurt to ask around some of the other hospitals. If the rain eases at all, old fellow, what do you say to a walk? You need to get out before you are shooting the walls again, and I am sure Mrs Hudson will have my coat ready soon. Shall it be Regent’s Park, or should we venture further afield?’
‘It is an honour I do not in the least deserve then, and if it be a joy, I am sure it is a qualified one. Forgive me for hurting you, John. I am only so worried about these nets in which Moriarty seeks to ensnare you. Would it were only I who had to grapple his evil!’
Those were the early days at the end of the '80's when Alec MacDonald was far from having attained the national fame which he has now achieved. He was a young but trusted member of the detective force, who had distinguished himself in several cases which had been intrusted to him. He was a silent, precise man with a dour nature and a hard Aberdonian accent, and although I was not, it had to be said, prone to friendship, I found him tolerable: respectful always, eager to learn, and a frank, honest man upon whom one could rely. We had come across him twice before during our sojourns in Scotland, and it was, indeed, on my recommendation that he had joined the Yard.
Johnstone rolled his eyes again: he was a damned unpleasant fellow, and had it not been for the severity of the issue, I would have handed him over to Meiklejohn, blackguard as he was, for the mere pleasure of seeing him taken down a peg or two.
It is only that I think it likely, as a medical man,’ he said, stressing the phrase slightly, ‘I think it probable from what you have told me, that the marital relation is the root cause of the problem. To me, from a doctor’s point of view, the evidence points that way. But we must not speculate without data, as I am sure Mr Holmes would say.’
‘I do not know what to say to you, John. Nothing I say seems enough, nothing. You have borne so much. Lost so much.’
He took the paper he had written on, and walked to the fire, dropped the sheet into the flames and watched while it blackened and fell to ash. 'Excellent: we understand each other, then. Such help as may be afforded to Dr Watson will be so afforded. But you must have a care: my powers are not paramount, and in some cases I cannot intervene at all. Meanwhile, I thank you most sincerely for your kindness towards my nephew. He is very dear to me.' His mouth had a wry twist. 'He must marry, of course, to make his way in the world, as we all must, sacrificing to the goddess Ydgrun.' He smiled faintly. 'You do not understand the reference? I recommend the purchase of Mr Samuel Butler's book, Erewhon, wherein you will find her. She rules our lives, Propriety, and more so in the last three years. At least Percy is as devoted to Miss Harrison as Reggie Brett is to his gentle Nellie. They are fortunate to be able to -  if only I could, myself - but it is of no matter, no matter.'
‘He was attacked? The professional call was a decoy then, to lure him, and attack him?’ Someone must have planned violence against him: what better way to lure him in than the call of his precious duty?
An unusual departure, the tragic ending, did you not think, for Gilbert and Sullivan? But the music was beautiful.’
His arms went round me, and then he laughed, a strained, choked laugh, and moved away. ‘Close! We have not been close for - oh for God’s sake, take off that damn hat. And your coat. I want you close, but I cannot get near you.’ He struggled out of his own ulster, then his jacket. ‘Damn these clothes, and damn your jacket and your tie, and that shirt collar, and the waistcoat. Take them off, I beg you.’
‘I have always thought so, Sherlock. I have always had the highest opinion of your powers since first we met. And you have always succeeded. You will do so again, I am sure of it.’
He put into my hand a small volume, prettily wrapped. ‘Read it in health and happiness, my dear Holmes – it is but newly out, and I thought you might like it. I confess I cannot wait to read it with you when I return. And now I suppose I really must be away; I have delayed too long already.’
‘I know, especially since he reports this event as having been done by another man: he does not even own to it as his own act. I cannot think, as I said, that the ends justify the means. I understand that he wants, we all want, the bill to go ahead, and there are too many who oppose it for whatever vile reason, but I still do not think the way he has gone about it is right. He will whip people into a lather of prurient indignation, but when it is died down, what will have changed?’
‘What man now would dare to offer himself to another, Holmes, if it is to bring down condemnation, and cruel punishment? What man who loved, who truly loved, my dear Damon, would make an offer of his – his affections -  to another, when it could cause him such harm? Would he not be acting more nobly to refrain?’
‘Indeed, and ye will not. It is meself that’s grateful to ye, Doctor, and always will be. And ye’ll not be givin’ money to Andy neither: I’ve told him he’s to leave me friends alone, no matter who’s offerin’ him good silver.’ He had a cup of tea in his hands as he came in, and offered it to me. ‘Here, give him this, mayhap it’ll revive him a little.’
He looked up in alarm, then smiled as he realised I was teasing. ‘You are outrageous. Shall we dine beforehand? On that occasion, I recall, we went to Pagani’s: shall we do so again?’
Ellis was a medical student at St Thomas’s – thank God he was not at Barts - and hung on Watson’s every word with flattering attention: he was a fine-featured, handsome young man, with strong brows, a prominent nose, and a dark, bushy beard. Although younger, he had this in common with Watson, that both had travelled – he in Australia, that barren, cultureless wilderness – and during the interval of Gilbert and Sullivan’s faerie fantasia, as we mingled together in the bar (for their seats were, fortunately, at some remove from ours, so at least I had my Watson to myself during the operetta) they swapped travel tales and stories of risks taken and dangers overcome. Listening to them, I found myself sadly aware that I had nothing comparable in my own life, and wondered if it made me an unfit companion for a man of Watson’s experience. Chubb, a round-headed youngster with a narrow chin, smiling mouth and extraordinarily wide-set eyes, was a civil service clerk. A dedicated auto-didact, he informed me in detail of his visits to the gymnasium to ensure a healthy body, and of his evening attendance at Birkbeck, a working men’s college, to study Greek and German, that he might read Plato and Kant in the original and thus ensure a healthy mind. I diverted his attention from Watson, whom he was regarding with a too-fascinated gaze, by some slight philosophical comments – I myself found Kant an engrossing study – and discovered him to have interesting ideas, with some originality of thought.
‘You are a stubborn, ridiculous man,’ he scolded me, as he completed the wrapping, but I saw his blush, and the light in his eye, and thought to myself that he had been too little praised or valued in his life, if such a slight thing could affect him so.
It was the small hours of the morning before Watson returned home. I had been watching for him, and stole down to let him in without waking the women. He was grey with fatigue, dragged himself up our stairs, and fell into an armchair without removing his coat. I did not speak to him – he had said nothing to me when he arrived, only looked his anguish – but when I handed him a glass of brandy I saw that his knuckles were bruised and bleeding. I ran a finger over them, and he shook his head.
“No, John. If I choose to inform Sherlock of leads to find Mrs. Watson, what do you think will happen?”
“Come along, John.”
John inhaled deeply, just noticing the scent of food in the air. He hadn’t been aware of it before. “Think about what?”
“Yeah, Mycroft has found a lead on Mary.”
The drawer opened with a wood against wood screech. Inside, was nothing but an outdated black flip phone. Paired with another post it note. Only four words were on that note.
“You’re still dripping on me.”
The bedroom fell alarmingly quiet with Greg’s question. Silence hovered in the air as heavy as fog. Out of everyone, John had thought Greg knew what happened to Sherlock when he was going, since both of them were connected with Mycroft. Apparently not. It seemed that Mycroft wasn’t only keeping secrets from him after all.  John glanced from Greg’s shocked expression to Sherlock’s still bare back, and to the floor, where the black dress shirt had been for the night. Wordlessly, John grabbed it, and handed it out to Sherlock, whose pale hand was already there and waiting. The shirt was gone in a matter of seconds.
“John!? Are you alright? Are you hurt?” John could hear Sherlock’s anxiety over the phone, which could only mean he was worried, and had expected something to happen.
(See the end of the chapter for
Problem? Sherlock’s voice echoed through his head as much as the word sex did. The question or problem, here, was how could John explain himself without sounding like a complete nutter? There was an unreasonably attractive man in front of him, propositioning him for sex like it was an every day occurrence. Much like rain in London.
He shook his head, ignoring the need for his gun, and crossed the room. He fixed the mirror with the barest of fingertips on the wood. It swung open easily. His other hand hung by his side in a fist. The small rectangle mirror reflected the view of the closed bedroom door. John’s shoulders sagged. In the back of his mind, he thought, maybe, there might have been something. He brushed it off.
John waited until Mrs. Hudson disappeared through the open doorway. He nodded to Mary’s wound. “How is it?”
Scars. Seven. Together.
“Can’t you look over the hands without removing them?”
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson,” John said as he grabbed the mobile from her. He punched in the number that he knew by heart, and waited with anticipation as it rung.
Sherlock tilted his head back and forth as he answered. “Inkling here and there. Not exactly a priority if Moriarty might give us the answer. He meant to lure us in, and we are going to lure him out.”
The detective inspector glanced away from John, towards Sherlock and sighed.
“And why couldn’t you have just said that?”
His thumb jammed at the call button a third time. One. Two. Three. Four. Five rings. Sherlock’s voicemail clicked over again. “Answer your damn mobile!”
“Now?”
Chapter 31
“And you’re completely underestimating the possibility of one because you don’t wish to cause panic.”
He bit the inside of his cheek, mind still whirling on the fact that he was missing a full day of his life. John glared at Sherlock, making the detective roll his eyes. “I will tell you about your missing Saturday. Just go get the gloves while I gather the samples.”
His hand gestured to ‘Office 129’ and the open doorway. John bit his lip, wishing that he would’ve known the plan. He hadn’t heard or seen Sherlock go in yet but knowing him, he was already in there, looking for the information they needed as soon as Peter had left the office. And as Sherlock put it, he was the diversion.
Flashing red and blue lights and police were beacons to the scene in the setting sunlight. Crowds of people and reporters hugged the police tape. John paid the cabbie as they stopped at the end of the street. His jaw hit the ground when he climbed out, in awe of the building structures usually reserved for the upper class Londoners. Small elephant topiaries were planted either side of the white buildings. Trees were manicured in uniform. Decorative wrought iron streetlights flickered. The orange lights bathed the pavement making the marble sparkle. Even the air carried a sense of wealth and privilege never bestowed upon for people on a small pension like him.
The only tell that Sherlock was still cognizant were the two pale hands motioning to Sherlock’s cock, now a pinkish-purple and leaking precum into a gathered pile. John chuckled darkly, crooked his fingers to rub against Sherlock’s prostate again, and was considering milking it for all it’s worth.
“You’re not finished looking like that.” Her eyes flicked down pointedly at AJ before picking up the discarded knife. “His clothes would fit.”
“Would I be in this cheap robe if I had determined that?”
“Whomever was the sender didn’t have the intention to blow you up, but assigned you to kill Issac Spoo in 48 hours.” Sherlock turned, facing John with a frown set on his face. “Are you sure you have that name right?”
“Overall, you’re fine, Sherlock. But you should eat tonight, and sleep, and that panic attack-”
Whatever AJ was going to counter with was lost in a surprised garble when an arm fixed over his windpipe.
John hummed deeply as he stirred to wakeful state. He was not ready to open his eyes just yet. He was content, warm, and otherwise at peace except the itchiness tickling his nose. If only he could ignore that and roll over, another round of blissful sleep would eventually come. It was rare that he got to sleep deeply like this. John shifted slightly to get comfortable once more but realized a matter of two things: One, his right arm was numb, and two, something was mumbling into his chest.
Of course, Sherlock would be great at giving head just like the madman was great at everything else. John had enough sense to groan – not whimper, he must retain some pride here. He threw his head back-
“She received the engagement ring. What more could she want?”
The detective jerked underneath his touch; John pulled away, realizing that he absentmindedly reached out. The alabaster was covered in faded ridges. Some scar tissue was muddled more in several different areas, where the hits had been harder. Hard enough to break skin. All of them were faded. Old. John brushed against the darkest one. “These didn’t happen recently.”
“Not enough data to deduce, and you know I never assume. This is new, and… so interesting,” answered Sherlock. John rolled his eyes at Sherlock, who padded across the room, and vanished through the doorway. “I call the loo.”
Disclaimer: I don't own BBC Sherlock or any other variations.
“Obviously.”
The mobile beeped in his ear. John pulled it away from his ear, and looked at the new incoming message. It had video file attached to it. He put the mobile back up to his ear.
“Yes! But you never correct anyone when they assume anything!”
“Thought you were heading out for the take out, John?”
“Rude,” huffed Moriarty, then he added brightly. “I have a question for you.”
John turned, watching the suspect as he settled down. Lestrade walked over and picked up the fallen chair before settling against the wall again. The man didn’t thank Lestrade, but slowly sat down, staring at Sherlock’s back. John clenched his hands into fists, flexing his appendages at the same rhythm as his heart. Jack’s grey eyes still radiated madness underneath the presentable surface.
“That’s more than just an abrasion,” he noted sternly. John nodded to Sherlock’s arm when the detective looked perplexed for a moment, before looking at his limb in understanding.
“It’s midday. Who kills someone in bright daylight?” he questioned as he pulled his coat on.
Sherlock pushed open the metal barrier, John close behind with his gun in hand. The sounds of a sudden sharp crack rang out, drawing distant shouts from below. The reverberation of gunshot drowned out the creaks of the door, a bullet hole wedged in the abused metal where Sherlock’s limb had been. John ducked instinctively, going to one knee, hugging the doorway, his gun at the ready in his steady hand. Sherlock’s pained exclamation and the shrill baby’s cries worried him in his hypersensitive state.
“Unless what?” questioned Lestrade from the doorway. He took occupation on John’s empty side, looking down at the body. “You got something?”
“Only if they leave,” the man gestured to John and Lestrade at Sherlock’s side.
“Obviously,” John mocked in a low bass with a familiar tilt, which earned a snort from the detective next to him. “But, there are things I want to say and you are going to listen!”
“Ten minutes, John.”
“But it’s safe to assume the plans are for either me or Sherlock, I’m guessing.”
“You were flirting with me at Angelo’s all those years ago, not a difficult leap from there. Trusted you would get there eventually.”
“I suppose you could have one of my jumpers in trade,” John continued lightly, hushed voice against the pounding of his heart. If he looked carefully enough, he could see the pounding of Sherlock’s heart, framed with nets of blue trailing underneath the porcelain skin, saying in their own words, ‘I’m alive’, ‘I’m here’, and ‘I love you’. No doubt John echoed the same, now they both knew.
“Come in, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock called loudly, breaking the tension between them momentarily.
John followed Sherlock inside, and softly closed the door behind him. Sherlock was removing his belstaff coat and scarf when John motioned to the computer.
He had expected to have a bit of a kip with Sherlock. After all this git had fell asleep after they had both finished, left John breathless, sweaty, covered with ejaculate and a ‘heavier than he looks’ detective still on top of him. He had rolled Sherlock over, carefully, so he wouldn’t land on the floor.
The fact of the matter, was, John did not bed a partner every night. And he certainly did not bed Sherlock, whose exotic looks could turn a person towards their greatest sin. If it was a different time, Sherlock could have made cities fall to ruin or inspire paramount works of art. John would bed him. Right now. Sherlock’s willingness, and his offer made to John and John alone made his heart jump.
“Sherlock.” John rolled his eyes. “They will need to know about the crime scene and you don’t have a pattern for calling them while ‘stumbling’ on evidence.”
‘Or kidnapping.’ That was left unsaid, but the predatory look in her eyes told John what he needed (or not) to know.
“Mary,” breathed John, noticing her bright red hair, curled, which was different from her usual blonde, that she wore before she disappeared. Something about her facial structure was altered. John couldn’t put his finger on it. But from whatever it was, she could have been a different person from afar, if it hadn’t been the gun in her hand, the same gun she had aimed at him before and her grin.
“I threatened to punch him in the nose and told him that he couldn’t come into the flat.”
“Excuse me?”
“Who?”
Two men shuffled through the pub, bickering as they went. John rather hoped that they wouldn’t notice the unlocked door. Or find them behind the bar, sitting on the sticky floor. That would be rather difficult to explain.
Their footsteps echoed through the empty corridor all the way, up to the lab door. Sherlock pushed in the code and breezed through the door when it clicked from the other side. John said nothing. Sherlock should not have the code to the door. He must have remembered Molly’s. Or figured it out by analyzing the indentation, or the faded colours on each button. It was difficult for John to understand how Sherlock go the code. He wanted to ask, but even if he did, Sherlock probably wouldn’t answer. The detective had focus etched over all his features.
“Not always,” Sherlock whispered lowly.
“No. We’ll settle this,” Mary stated, motioning with the gun in a little wave between them. “After we finish having a chat.”
Sherlock’s eyes opened when John’s hands pulled away. “Green curry would be nice.”
“Douglas Hageman.”
The taller man sighed. “Do I need to?”
“If you’re sure.”
“I was at the clinic, he was at the morgue,” John explained quickly.
He shook his head, resisted joining in Sherlock’s amusement and stuck with the conversation. “You did save her,” John stated conclusively.
“I should’ve shot him,” John whispered softly. Lamppost lights flickered inside the cab, immersing them in a pattern of bright illumination and dark.
“You chose a different table. Romance on your mind?”
Disclaimer: I don't own BBC Sherlock or any other variations.
John immediately folded his arms over his chest. “What? Why?”
“Always the doctor,” Sherlock remarked with an accompanied eye roll. His elegant hand released their cocks and held John under his armpits, pulling themselves on their feet. Sherlock then turned around, laid his palms flat against the wall, bent over, and presented his arse like it was on a silver platter.
“It shouldn’t take too long. I’ll be back soon.”
John paused, feeling the throb of Sherlock’s cock. It radiated his desperate need to come. Feeling a bit smug with himself, John held his other hand on the back of Sherlock’s head, then pulled his hair, just slightly to get Sherlock to lift his head. They stared at each other for a few seconds, John’s hand still wrapped around his madman’s cock.
“John…”
“Left trouser pocket.”
“Not enough circumstantial evidence?” mocked Sherlock. John watched him as he crossed the sitting room with his long legs, stomped on the table, then onto the sofa, to pin papers to the black and white wallpaper. Joining the spray painted smiley face from a time that Sherlock was bored. “No desperate link with the murderer weapons? Or how about matching the typical ‘same place, same time’ trivial? Everyone loves that one, we see it on the telly often enough. ”
Sherlock growled over his shoulder, as he pulled away and stalked down the hallway into the bedroom. “Bedroom, now. We are not going to orgasm without penetration again.”
“Yes, Sherlock…what are you getting at?”
“Yes, I am sure of it.”
John licked his lips, and then sighed, placing Sherlock’s clothes on the small black chair tucked away in the corner. “You can still back out of this. I’ll go up there instead, and you can roam about the classroom.”
Before John could respond, the phone was snatched out his hand. “Your best people? Your best people can’t even tell the difference between a threat to the country and an innocent man! I’ll handle this.”
Sherlock hummed. “Yes, and?”
“Problem?”
Now, he wasn’t pathetic. John wanted a normal life, with a safe wife, and well… that turned out to be shoddy. At the time, burning the flash drive was the most logical solution. But the problems of her unknown past always seemed to be popping up. John sat in silence, stewing a bit, but waited for the man to go on.
“I’m not saying that you’re helpless. I’ve seen you box. It’s just… you should take better care of your hands. You’ll go mad if you couldn’t torture your violin every night, or hold a flask properly for one of your experiments.”
He grinned at Sherlock, and the dark-haired man chuckled.
This mobile was left for him, with his name, for a purpose. And the argument in his head ended with that.  John already knew he was a bad bad man. He could feel terrible later.
Sherlock sighed. “Yes, and you are aware that I hate repeating myself.”
“Maybe later if we have the energy.”
“I know.” Sherlock turned around. “You heard him Lestrade. Get your best officers on it. John, go with him.”
“I had made my peace with it.”
Crime Scene, Unhappiness, Unknown
He bolted upright in bed, panting; a faint sheen of sweat covering over his skin. His heart pounded in his ribcage. John groaned, throwing his thin sheet on the floor in frustration, glaring at the state of his lower body, straining against his pants. Bright sunlight gleamed through the window, splashing an array of scattered rainbows over bed. He flopped down on his back, throwing an arm over his eyes to try to cast flashes of his dreams from his mind. Thin pale fingers trailed over his skin. A deep voice accompanied by dark curls. Lips wrapped around a certain part of his anatomy. Even without recalling all the details, there was only one person near him who fit a profile like that. Sherlock.
Glaring, John shot Sherlock a silent look before turning back to the client. The man was frowning at the detective. John knew that it would be seconds before the man decided to leave the flat in an angry huff, forgoing the case, and leaving him and Sherlock alone. Even more worrisome, leaving John alone with his thoughts. He cleared his throat, and gave the man an apologetic smile.
“Mycroft likes his dramatics,” countered Sherlock with a huff and a small hand wave, disregarding the whole notion. John jumped when his mobile buzzed once in his pocket. A tiny chirp followed seconds later from across the sitting room. John shared a look with Sherlock. Couldn’t be a coincidence.
His eyes stayed firmly shut, but he could feel the heat of Sherlock’s skin from touching shoulder to shoulder. Leg to leg. John was tempted to make light out of this. But the heat, the silky bed sheets, and the smell of Sherlock’s expensive shampoo drifted through him. Weightlessness flowed over him. John was asleep before he could thank Sherlock, or notice the silver eyes watching over him.
“What is it?”
When he opened his eyes, John was met with darkness in Sherlock’s bedroom. A warm frame shrouded behind him, a heavy arm laid over his abdomen and warm whispers brushed on the back of his neck in Sherlock’s sleepy baritone. John heard one word clearly, redbeard, before everything else faded with a sigh. John hummed comfortably. He was satiated, sore, and felt lighter as a person. They had finally gotten here. John shifted underneath the blanket (in actual fact it was just a think sheet of cloth), causing Sherlock’s arm to twitch. Sleep slowly faded from John’s mind as he looked at the clock on the bedside table, reading almost nine in the evening. No wonder it was dark.
“What do you mean?”
“Did Lestrade tell you?”
“And nothing?”
Something, which he knew, wasn’t his from the angle. A blush flooded over his face when his something jumped in interest beneath a pale leg.
Life would mean nothing without his sun, his consulting detective.
It was John’s turn to roll his eyes. “Look at it as an experiment of delayed gratification then, yeah? Until the timing is right.”
The tight heat welcomed him easily, surrounding him in perfection. John closed his eyes, not wanting to shoot off before actually getting started. He grabbed Sherlock’s hips, holding him still for his own good as John pulled almost all the way out, leaving only the head of his cock seated within Sherlock’s first ring of muscles.
Disclaimer: I don't own BBC Sherlock or any other variations.
He tried Facebook; there were always people on there. He tried blogs, following through whatever hashtags were. Dead ends. He also tried Instagram, the food picture website that Sarah had talked about one afternoon during a slow shift. She had explained that not everyone uses Instagram for food while she was taking a picture of her lunch. John wasn’t inclined to believe her. Neither was he swayed after looking through thousands of pictures- a lot of food, and nothing on Issac Spoo.
The chair creaked under Sherlock’s weight when he shifted forward towards the table. John resisted telling Sherlock not too move to close to the criminal, but the urge was still there, broiling as the ‘Jack Ripper’ leaned even closer. He wanted to meet Sherlock’s eyes when Jack grinned boldly, almost pleased with himself now that he had Sherlock interested.
“It’s closed,” John announced, he glanced over to Sherlock, who was…nowhere to be found.
“Before officially meeting Jim Moriarty, there were the crime sprees. Solve this crime at this certain hour or this random individual blows up. Do I need to go on?”
Gentle pats thumped against his back. John smiled at Mrs. Hudson as she shook her head at him. “As a doctor, John, you should take better care of yourself. I don’t understand chasing around London to solve murders, and placing your lives in danger, but at least you can drink your tea hot to prevent a cold. I’ll pour you a cuppa.”
He glanced between the water and Moriarty, and stated. “You did manage to surprise us with the light show last time we were here.”
Rolling his eyes from the obvious teasing and glad that the moment talking about Sherlock’s time ‘away’ hadn’t affected their morning, John fetched his trousers from the floor, smiling and, unfortunately, blushing in spite of himself. He yanked the article of clothing on quickly, feeling more exposed now than waking up pressed together.
“If you recall, I also called myself a fraud, did you believe me then?”
Tempted.
“The suspect’s wife… she was a brunette in a wedding photo upstairs.”
“Moran is working for someone. He mentioned it deliberately.”
“WHAT THE FUCK ARE WE DOING?!”
His hands on Sherlock’s shoulders, keeping his friend upright as Sherlock suddenly slouched down, grabbed his hair and breathed heavily. He forced the taller man into a kitchen chair, wondering what the hell just happened. From a doctor’s perspective- as Sherlock ‘kindly’ reminded him- it seemed like a panic attack. Something dull and ordinary, and seemingly declared by Sherlock as something that he wouldn’t do. Yet, he here was. Breathing forcefully like his brain lacked oxygen. Or his body lacked the ability to know how to breathe.
“Correct. The killer was not in the classroom.”
“Yes?” Sherlock answered towards the door. John was thankful for that. He couldn’t manage speaking at the moment, now that knew what he was feeling.
Moran held up Spoo’s head to the camera, so the singular light could catch. Written across Spoo’s forehead in black bold was the word, ‘Mollet’. Moran pointed at the screen again, and the video went black. Only the loud bang told John that the audio was still recording, and John could only assume that Issac Spoo was dead, as promised.
John mentally counted up the seventeen steps as he climbed them. He felt Sherlock venturing behind him as a dark, silent shadow. Clenching his hands into a fist, he hung them to his side like a soldier, ready and at attention. He braced for the fallout and the news that he thought Sherlock was going to deliver. He wasn’t going without a fight. Back then when Moriarty was a threat, he had decided to be on Sherlock’s side, figuratively. Now, it wouldn’t be any different except he was going to be there, physically, utterly and completely. He wouldn’t let Sherlock cast him away even with this new development. This ‘Trap’ as Sherlock had said. A trap, for what? For who? Either way, he was here. Even if he had to handcuff himself to Sherlock, he will make sure of that.
“I don’t know,” John murmured lowly.
“Exactly how it sounds, John.”
“You didn’t plan for us escaping, did you?” John asked.
“No. Go have your conversation while I work.”
“Well, it’s not unheard of. Molly doesn’t live here. She’s allowed to have a life that she deems fit outside of work.”
The baby’s wails morphed into screams. Sherlock pulled away from John’s shoulder and stood. “Apparently, this is going to take a more delicate approach.”
“Sherlock, who is it?”
Sherlock’s purple shirt was open; the fabric hung over his hips, barely skimming the seat of the chair. His blue dressing gown was discarded in a pile by his feet. Long pale fingers trailed over a round shiny pink scar. John’s mind suddenly clicked. It was the scar from the gun shot wound, one that Mary caused. The injury that almost took Sherlock’s life. John hummed. There was guilt again about Mary, about Sherlock, and he should have seen it. His heart jumped when he thought of losing Sherlock again. It couldn’t happen. Luckily hadn’t happened. That didn’t mean that the wound didn’t.
“By all means, dive right in and check. I wouldn’t recommend it. They had to die from something.”
The gruesome, yet effective method.
As she stepped closer out of the shadows, her aim moved to his chest, over his heart. He held steady on full alert, finger pulling closer to himself on the trigger.
“Your behavior is pointless,” John countered lamely as Sherlock crossed the flat and dramatically flopped on the brown leather couch. John saw a flash of Sherlock’s face before the taller man turned, sulking, and giving John the view of his back. Shaking his head, John retreated into the kitchen to put the kettle on.
‘No, you didn’t and a bit late for that, don’t you think?’
“What about the leaf in the blood puddle? It didn’t look like something from around here.”
He closed the distance, plucked the billfold from Sherlock’s hand, and stuffed it in his pocket. “Where did you find it?”
Jack unconsciously touched the skin around his ring finger where his wedding ring would be, and gave it a slight scratch. When he noticed Sherlock had paused to stare at his hands, he pulled them under the table. Sherlock turned a little more to face him straight on and continued.
“I thought so. The two of you got yourselves sorted out then?”
And which apparently, answered his suspicion that Mary wasn’t tired at all, and she returned back to her previous spot. It seems that he caught her out. Good.
“So-”
John hesitated in confusion at sight of three pairs of handcuffs, wondering how the hell they got there, whether or not Sherlock had pickpocketed all of them from Greg. He would have to ask later. Greg, not Sherlock. Questionable thumping came from Sherlock’s bedroom. John retrieved his phone from his pocket, and placed the take-out order.
“So you had two ideas about the crime scene then.”
“We made a promise to each other, John,” stated Sherlock gently. A large hand palmed over the side of John’s face. “We’re all in together. I love you, as you’ve probably deduced by now.”
He was pushed out, grabbed by the arm, along with Lestrade from the interrogation room, the thick wooden door slammed in his face in dismissal. Apparently, there was no room for argument. No time to say, ‘this could be a terrible idea’. He wanted to stay outside in the hallway to monitor the situation. Seconds later, the door creaked open, and was when Sherlock waved him off…again. As if that wasn’t bad enough, Sherlock also implied that he was a ‘distraction’ (not the good kind of distraction like when they were in the flat). Sherlock even accused him of being more idiotic than usual and ignored John’s protest about going with Lestrade. He then slammed the door in John’s face for the second time, leaving the doctor reeling from Sherlock’s frigidness and John’s own anger. In the end, John went from tagging along with one madman, to another, namely Lestrade at the wheel.
“Bloody hell, it wasn’t. I wouldn’t have made that shot.”
John turned back to Moran, who was frowning at him around the cigarette. “You didn’t tell them you were going to the pool, were you? That’s going to tick him off, ruining the fun like that.”
In this moment that John could bring the end to all things. He would stare Moriarty in the eyes and watch his life seep away from them. This man- monster had created nothing but pain for all who came across him. John slowly squeezed the trigger…
Food, Missing, Home
“Yes. There’s nothing more to go on than a mobile phone conversation three days ago. He wouldn’t know of his sister’s whereabouts. He’s been out of town, backpacking judging by the way he carries his shoulders. Slightly hunched, like he had been carrying something heavy, pulls at the back, makes sitting difficult. You should know at least that much, common knowledge really, and you being a doctor-”
John simmered in the passenger seat as Lestrade drove, siren blared through traffic to get to where Megan Hageman was going to be murdered, if she hadn’t been already. The car weaved through unbelievably congested roads for this time in the night. Brakes shrilled against the blacktop, almost throwing John out of the windshield, stopping when cars slowed ahead of them, and traffic going into a standstill. Lestrade cursed next to him, blurting a whole string of curses that John had heard before. When they bet on games at the pub, not with money, but in drinks, which often made for a rough morning.
John shook his head. “This isn’t a choice. You know it’s not, Mary.”
“It was an exploration stage,” Mrs. Hudson whispered. “I still prefer handcuffs.”
Disclaimer: I don't own BBC Sherlock or any other variations. Cheers.
“This is not something to take lightly, John.”
A/N: Any guesses to what's going to happen next?
“You,” Sherlock reiterated in annoyance, leaning against the wooden desk, flashing John a spectacular amount of pale thigh in the dim room. “Have to be in there to catch the suspect; you’ll be posing as one of the students.”
“No. Is that the story?”
“My wife was having an affair for seven years under my nose.”
“What kind-”
John shrugged. “I flirted. Sherlock went undercover. Nothing too illegal, we didn’t break in this time,” he replied with a snort and a half-grin. He caught the taller detective rolling his eyes, turning his head to hide a smirk of his own. Sherlock’s features were schooled when he turned back to the DI.
Then Sherlock opened his eyes. Meeting John’s gaze.
(See the end of the chapter for
He had chose long before Sherlock realised it exists.
John clicked the seatbelt free and pushed Moran off of him. He watched as Moran freed himself, and rubbed his bruising neck and they glared at each other.
“John, you say your life is your own, that no one should protect it but you.”
“Don’t tell me what I want! With her death, she will never-” the man stopped, gaping into the air. “She deserves it! She knew what she was getting into when she married me. Deep down she never accepted what I am!“
“Possibly,” John answered quietly. He watched with fascination when Sherlock’s gaze flickered down his mouth then back to his eyes. His fingers tightened over Sherlock’s knee. “Anything you want, anytime you want.”
“How was your last game of cards? Didn’t win back the engagement ring, did you? Judging by the biscuits I would say-“
John flinched once as he cleaned the cut on Sherlock’s brow. He met Sherlock’s eyes. Nothing in those prismatic depths mirrored Mycroft’s words. Instead of ‘suffering’ there was plain and obvious affection. It made his heart jump because it clicked in John’s head that this now belongs with him. Now, they were here. John grinned down at him. Caressing the uninjured cheek slyly before he turned around and grabbed the small bandages from the bed. He met Sherlock’s eyes again as he asked lightly.
John’s eyes trailed over Sherlock’s face. There was something that seemed breakable almost. Small. His anger vanished; all thoughts of being cold and wet disappeared. Any further protest died in his throat. “All right.”
“A new case, already?”
Sherlock hummed at him. “There are only two types of fans. Both of which I hope that criminal is not.”
“I did-” Sherlock whispered. Sherlock’s hands pulled John upwards, and closer. Sherlock’s lips stopped at hairbreadth apart from his own. Lips brushed against each other when Sherlock continued. “But wouldn’t allow myself to see it until you did.”
John couldn’t argue about the ‘boyfriend’ bit nor about the ‘bad move on burning the flash drive’ when it was a bad move considering their circumstances now. Also considering that Mary--or Rose’s past seemed to have come back to haunt them repeatedly.
“So…” John prompted.
“He’s an arse.”
“The killer stabbed one victim in the heart, and the other victim in the back. One wound was more brutal than another. The heart, more personal, they would have to be face to face. I believe you might have the beginnings of a serial killer. The killer messed up. They’ll want to try again,” Sherlock answered.
“Sounds like you need someone to bother you, dear.
John fondly rolled his eyes again. The lift opened and carried them to the sixth floor. More officers roamed around the corridor, whispering as they walked past. They reached the outside of the crime scene when Donovan appeared in the doorway, snapping gloves from her mocha colored hands. Sherlock brushed by her as she greeted. “Hello freak, don’t mess anything up.”
There was a familiar face at the door; Lestrade waved them on whilst calmly shouting at the reporters to back off. How he managed to do both, John would never know. He relaxed when they crossed those doors, enveloped in the small chaos of the Met instead of the media chaos outside. Deft fingers slipped from his grip in the fraction of a second he let his guard down.
“Budge up.”
It wasn’t really a choice for him, not really. It wasn’t a choice and everyone who knew about the ridiculous trade, knew the same. He had to protect people, his daughter and Sherlock. “I’m not going for you.”
He slammed his mouth shut immediately after his outburst, humming lowly, and closed his eyes, trying to gather himself before talking again. He walked forward, his hands resting on and then squeezing the worn fabric of the back of his chair.
John tucked his mobile underneath his chin as he pulled his coat on. “That’s it? Just seeing things and choices?”
A/N: Hello everyone! It's me. I want to say thank to everyone who's commented/kudos/and bookmarked. We are getting to the end here! I also want to say thank you my beta Whitehart, who made this chapter awesome.
Disclaimer: I don't own BBC Sherlock or any other variations. Cheers!
Suddenly, Moran lunged.
John ran.
“Ah,” murmured John nonchalantly. He sat his cup on the counter, went to the refrigerator, and gathered fresh eggs and bacon into his arms. John carefully avoided the questionable plastic bag in the vegetable drawer. “You mean the one when I accused her of being a schoolyard bully and a shoddy detective?”
“Aren’t you always?”
“I held him off. I know how to fight, regardless what Mycroft thinks. I’m not helpless. I’ve mastered most hand-to-hand combat.”
There was something about the low tone of Sherlock’s voice that made John turn his head. He jolted with surprise to find Sherlock closer to him than before. Green eyes blazed down at him. John cleared his throat, turning away from the gaze. He licked his lips. “I always see you. Kind of difficult to miss.”
Mrs. Hudson cut him off, as she glanced over her shoulder. Her hands pushed at his shoulder, “John, dear. I’m fine. You should-”
He whirled in his seat, pointing his finger at Sherlock. “You will wait. It’s for me. I never cheated on someone I was with and I’m not going to start now.”
“That very one,” answered Lestrade with a nod as John moved to close the refrigerator with his shoulder. Instead, a long leg kicked past him, snapping the door shut. The bottles rattled inside. John moved to the counter. He glanced over at Sherlock, “Countertops clean? Pots and pans too?”
“A wonderful question currently without an answer. I’ll get back to you. Tell brother mine to refrain divulging anymore into this case. I’ll get my best people on it.”
John sighed, and gave his best friend a look of exasperation as Sherlock tore out of his chair to stand by the window. John fixed on Sherlock’s blue-robed back.
“It was hardly kidnapping if you climbed into the car yourself.”
John licked his lips. His throat was dry. “Most of the people who meet you are and you know it,” he rasped, not bothering to deny it, or lie. Sherlock would know immediately. He added. “At least until you open your mouth and insult them.”
“It will.”
“And here I thought the ‘try not to piss anyone off’ warning applied to Sherlock only,” John remarked without a trace of guilt as he broke eggs into a bowl and started whisking. Then he added sarcastically, “Am I in trouble?”
He recalled Sherlock’s eagerness, the madness that he gets when a case is close to being solved, as the taller man had yanked the flier from the wall and dialed the mobile number before John could even get a reasonable word in. It was only when the professor arrived and explained the lesson plan for tonight that John really, really wished he‘d kept his mouth shut. Or at least, let Sherlock come to this plan himself. Or better yet, a different one. He would be more inclined to climb through a window at this point or hide in the bins, than sit through the impending discomfort that this evening was certain to bring.
Walking into the kitchen, John answered as he put the kettle on, “A bit more than you think. It would make for some awkward pillow talk afterwards.”
“What kind of trade then? Who for whom?”
John snorted. “I don’t mind, no rush at all, really. Could do with a bit of lunch myself if we’re stopping.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Precisely!” grinned Sherlock broadly before yanking John’s coat into place. John rushed to the kitchen and moved a chair to the refrigerator. He grabbed his browning, checking the safety before fixing the gun at the small of his back. He jumped down from the chair, and met Sherlock’s eyes as he waited in the doorway.
“I don’t care if you’ve seen us together. I only care to remedy that it’s going to be the last time.”
John sucked in a breath and held it. Sherlock was rarely lost for words, and it wasn’t too often when John knew exactly what he meant. He exhaled, feeling guilty for… ‘everything’.
“No,” Sherlock remarked confidently. His grey eyes hardened, glaring at the man. “If you had read the gay romanticised blog, you would have known that I’m not for skeptics.”
John huffed, fighting back a grin of his own as he deflated into his red chair. “I’m calling you an idiot, Sherlock. A bloody brilliant idiot.”
It seemed wrong to snoop through a dead woman’s mobile, and even more so to check incoming text messages. But there were other ways to earn that ticket to hell. Not that John really believed in heaven or hell for that matter. But, going through a mobile of a recently deceased, was no good at all.
The camera changed angle, and Hageman stared into the camera. “You have 48 hours to figure out what this is. Your first clue: Start at beginning.”
John froze, realising that Moran’s voice was way too close, and far too smug.
John straightened when Sherlock’s eyes turned to him, glaring as the taller detective rattled off his deduction. “The jumper, obviously male, mid 30’s. History of substance abuse according to the track marks between his toes but not in his arms, which means he was hiding his habit. Junkie turned unconfirmed killer, perhaps for money or trading his services for product. Hair dyed blond, happened recently. Nothing to…oh!”
“The numbers are gone. They were in my dirty trousers before. I was going to give it to Greg, so he could hand it to Mycroft but they weren’t here.”
“Correct me if I’m wrong, John, but after meeting ‘Joseph Mollet’, now known as Sebastian Moran for a potential case that my brother refused, he gave you his mobile number to reach him.”
A/N: Thank you for all the comments/kudos/ and bookmarks. This story is still going, I have up to Chapter 18 written out. For as short as the chapters are for this story, I feel like it's not going to end until about Chapter 50. Perhaps I should make longer chapters...We'll see. I want to thank you to all my betas who reviewed over his chapter.
“You saved her, didn’t you?”
“Suit.”
‘He asked me to watch you, that’s all.’
It was nothing new when Sherlock ignored him in favour of other things. Usually ignored him when it came to important things as well, but Sherlock had refused to be bothered. The latest example was Sherlock forgetting to pay his share of the power bill. He, or rather both of them, were distracted to find leads on Mary’s disappearance. This small detail, now more than ever, would make it all but sweeter.
John reached for anything he could grab, knowing it would take more time to pry fingers away. He happened to grab the rest of his confining seatbelt strap. He threw his elbows down, crashing into both hinge joints of Moran’s arms, drawing Moran’s hands away. Moran let out another roar of pain and anger.
“I hardly know of your efforts compared to your namesake. Jack the Ripper had killed more than three, and without a gun.”
“Yes.”
As son as Sherlock, Mr. Sleeping-in-all-day-after-a-case, got out of bed, it was time to start their day. He read the clock on the bedside table, 1:20am in bright red numbers. He groaned, tempted to crawl back into bed and ignore Greg, to roll over and pull Sherlock back in for a bit of lie down. Begrudgingly, he knew otherwise. Once he was up, he was up. He yawned, stretched arms over his head and his back begrudgingly popped.  He realised sometime in the night, he had lost a shoe and a sock, when a low whistle echoed through the room.
“So, you’re so certain about his weakness… you know, to bet two innocent lives?” asked John.
“You should have that question on recording Lestrade, so you don’t waste precious effort to keep repeating it,” said Sherlock. “It’s obvious that they were married.”
A/N: So, you guys know how it goes. Either real-life issues or writer's block...guess which one I had? Anyways, thank you for all the great comments, kudos, and bookmarks. Thank you to my beta Whitehart for cleaning up my writing tenses. These characters sometimes do what they want.
Chapter 12
John’s head still echoed with the broken sounds of Sherlock’s voice. The obvious crack in the worried baritone over the tinny static. It was something he never wanted to hear again from Sherlock, especially when John himself was the cause. Guilt, sadness, and heartbreak drummed behind his hardened resolve. There was a personal war in London that he needed to win and the winner takes all that he holds dear. There was no doubt he would try his damnedest to win. He had too.
John shrugged. “Yeah, not sorry one bit. Take it since you keep finishing my sentences and won’t let me get a word in.”
Sherlock’s voice came from the other side of the door after a few moments of a quiet pause, “It helps me think.”
He tossed his coat on the back of the chair just as Angelo appeared with a grin on his face and two menus. John took them and sat down. His knees bumped into Sherlock’s. John jerked away, tucking his legs as closely to the wall as he could. He handed a menu to Sherlock. To his surprise, Sherlock took it and green eyes flickered over it.
Mrs. Hudson gave him a look. One that he recognized on many other faces silently implying that John was with Sherlock. Not just as flatmates or best friends, but prompted Mrs. Hudson to silently ask, ‘Will you be needing two bedrooms?’ even after so many years. Her expression resembled the time before Sherlock’s return, when John had told her that he was getting married…to a woman. He ignored Mrs. Hudson’s inquiring look, in favor of replying back to Sherlock. “Is my jumper still on the floor then?”
“They were upstairs…”
“I was preoccupied! Mrs. Hudson was-”
Instead, he shrugged. “People make mistakes.”
“That’s wonderful.”
“John-”
There was a huff, a curse, and a solid crunch when John hugged the wall shrouded with darkness. The curtains were drawn and the light came from the lamp in the corner. In the middle of the floor, John could see that Mary had destroyed the mobile that she had been on. The remains of it were on the white-carpeted floor. But where was she?
“I’m not leaving it to chance for a third time,” Sherlock stated as he stood to his full height. John stared at Sherlock’s red puffy lips, the flushed redness of his accursed cheekbones when Sherlock stepped fully into John’s space. Looking at him, like John should know what the genius knew. John hummed with desire when Sherlock’s leg brushed against him, canting his hips forward, wanting more because it wasn’t enough. Nothing with Sherlock was ever enough.
“Get in, Dr. Watson.”
There was a distinctive sound of tearing cloth, and John turned, spotting Mrs. Hudson cutting then ripping her dress and quickly tied AJ up. It was quick and practiced. John cleared his throat.
John rubbed his chin and smacked his lips together. Now, that wasn’t answer he was expecting, and definitely not too pleased with it, considering they’ve been at each other’s throats about Sherlock. And the pompous prick knew all along where his daughter was. Next time, he sees Mycroft, they were… once again… going to have some words.
The rest of his words dropped into silence at the blunt pressure on the head of his cock with Sherlock perched above him. Sherlock’s hand reached behind, guiding John’s cock to push at Sherlock’s entrance of his body. He wanted to thrust upwards, to chase the slightest catch of Sherlock’s rim again and again, especially when Sherlock’s breath hitched and his muscles tightened up. John’s hands grabbed the nearest thing he could latch on to. His nails dug into Sherlock’s sharp hips.
“The last I heard from her, they were going to dinner…you know…trying to work things out. I haven’t heard from her since.” Brown eyes tracked between John and Sherlock. “Will you help me?”
“Yes, John.”
“Merry,” supplied Joseph.
-“We didn’t discuss this!"
“Oh, get over it. It was only two months! Sherlock left you for two years. I had thought you would easily forgive me for the abandonment. I was wrong. I couldn’t have you hanging off my gun arm,” she answered. “You would only slow me down.”
“Do you really want to believe that?”
“Come along, John. There’s a cab waiting.”
There were no other words in those seconds. Teasingly, he ran his finger over the parting, marveling at the gooseflesh underneath his fingertips, and the light bruises slowly forming on the firm, muscular globes. John’s own handprint appeared on Sherlock’s skin from when he helped Sherlock ride him hours earlier.
“Merry,” repeated John with an affirmation, “Close?”
“Your eyes changed colors again,” he muttered lightly.
“Holmes,” he murmured, hoping that Sherlock wouldn’t have heard it.
“So, you’re feeling alright then? It’s been since yesterday that you’ve had…”
“But aren’t you? Moriarty returns and you’ve heard nothing more. You’re waiting to be hunted.”
“It’s for an experiment then!”
“Well, that certainly explains a lot about my childhood. I’ll have to inquire more about my third sibling. Did Mycroft say whether the third was another brother or it a sister?”
John slumped against the man underneath him, drawing a mixture of an inhaled groan out of Sherlock. John didn’t bother to move, not when he was still in the mist of the afterglow. It turned out that he didn’t have had to worry about moving because Sherlock’s legs tightened around him, and shifted the weight. John flopped over the empty side of his full mattress like all of his energy had been sapped out, which it was. He wasn’t some young lad anymore. He stared up at the ceiling with his heart pounding behind his ribcage, catching his breath with his release cooling in his pants.
“Not in pain. It’s a bit more complex than that,” he replied lightly. “Thoughts, feelings…all that with the body language. Defined as dull by you.”
“When I take you to bed, Sherlock, I will make you fall apart under my hands, under my mouth, and under my body piece by piece. Only when I’ve broke you in pleasure, I will put you back together again. I don’t want to rush this, not with you.”
“Continue,” demanded Sherlock.
“Something’s missing,” Sherlock rambled. His fingers jumped in a sporadic dance against his mouth. Then his green eyes widened and he turned towards Molly. “Personal effects…are they still here or did those forensic idiots defile them too?”
“Your presence is no longer required, Mycroft. My doctor has arrived.”
“Big difference,” John countered with a grin, knowing that there isn’t much of a difference at all.
“Really no one of importance like Moran. Is his sniveling lordship dead? He was supposed to escort you here.”
“Coming?”
“I’m going to steal your story book ending from you.”
“They will only leave if you tell them your wife’s full name and her location.”
“Oy, hold on, Sherlock,” John protested, freezing Sherlock’s quick hands from undoing his trousers as fast as he could. He held those pale appendages within his calloused ones. Well, at least his brain stuttered back on for that much of a protest. He glanced upwards, meeting Sherlock’s eyes and questioning brow.
“Sounds complicated.”
From Moriarty’s tone, it seemed that his self-inflicted gunshot didn’t only injury his physical transport, but also from where the shot exited, damaging delicate tissues and nerves. It would have taken months, perhaps years for rehabilitation. He would need- centuries of technological enhancements and all the luck in the world for him to bounce back to his previous condition. A gunshot to the head would have required multiple surgeries in order to rebuild what was damaged- to the brain, bone, nerves, and taking care of the scarring. Relearning how to talk, eat, and care for himself. Not many people survive it and for a supposedly claimed dead man, Moriarty was breathing and talking to John himself.
“Hurry up John!” Sherlock barked impatiently.
“What?”
At first, John blinked in surprise. Then his heart started pounding. His scar. Sherlock had asked to see and to touch it. He had only let himself alone see the silvery jagged scar tissue in the mirror reflection in the morning. Only himself got to see it if he turned his head. There was not another pair of eyes that had set on his scar, not Mary or any others that had spent time in his bed after he returned to London. It was his reminder to himself that being an army doctor wasn’t enough. It was a trophy of his discharge because he was deemed useless as a soldier. He always wore a vest underneath his shirts to prevent the roughened skin from dragging over fabric so he wouldn’t have to feel it. The scar was an ugly reminder of his demons inside.
“There’s a certain spot to stand in the morgue that allows me to hear all conversations in the hallway.”
John looked down at the half-naked man, robbed of his trousers and shoes. A part of him really wanted to throw AJ in the chair for a few days and see how he liked it as revenge on Mrs. Hudson’s behalf. But they didn’t have the time.
“There could be more clues. Shouldn’t rule it out.”
“Everything alright? We can-”
John rocked on his heels innocently, trying to block the sight of Sherlock lock picking from random people that might happen to walk by. Something patted his lower back and John flew inside after Sherlock. The door rang above their heads. He met Sherlock’s emerald green eyes as the bell chimes echoed throughout the empty pub. Floorboards above their heads creaked, voices resonated from…upstairs.
Sunlight still sparkled through the window, throwing an array of rainbow colors across the floor between them. John followed Sherlock into the other room as the taller man clamored into his large coat, and knotted the scarf around his neck.
But in order to save Sherlock’s life, he was willing to risk it all.
John’s brow furrowed together. “They’re downstairs.”
John shook his head. “No,” he stated firmly, folding his arms across his chest. “You’ll want to take them back to the flat. You still have toes from the last time, and I don’t fancy having hands in the fridge from a murderer. Molly, tell him that he can’t take the hands home.”
Victory pounded through his veins as the suspect rounded, went up another staircase, passing the door that would lead to the ninth floor and instead, going to the last option: the roof. They would be able to corner the suspect, Lestrade would be able to question, and the serial killer would be put away. They rounded another staircase as the darkened individual barged through the final metal door leading to the rooftop.
A long leg kicked out and caught John in the back of his knees. John toppled forward, landing partly on his knees. His shoulder and the rest of his upper body landed on Sherlock, who grunted from the force.
Stepping closer, John used his fingertips to tilt Sherlock’s face upwards. John ignored Sherlock’s hiss when he flashed the torch in those bright blue eyes. He was relieved that they dilated properly and the redness could be cleared up with a night’s sleep if Sherlock allowed it. He clicked off the professional doctor part of him and placed the torch on the table. Something jumped underneath his fingers. John froze, realizing that his hand had curved up Sherlock’s jaw, his fingertips covering Sherlock’s throbbing pulse. He met grey-green eyes.
“He manipulated your brother, and you, and me. New Scotland Yard. The British Government. The jurors. The cabbie, Jefferson Hope. And probably countless other people that we don’t know about. There is some intelligence in manipulation.”
“It’s already raining,” John stated, motioning the rain splattering across the windshield and outside to the grey sky. “Where are we going in Soho?” he repeated.
“Making jokes. But that’s not what I meant. You’re bloody gorgeous.” He whispered. His left hand brushed over a sculpted cheekbone. He was tempted to place a kiss on those lips. He had always been tempted, and there would never be a day where he wasn’t. They would old and grey together, and he’ll still want. Instead of closing the distance, John licked his bottom lip, hoping to dull the yearning. He cleared his throat and continued; he had to get this out before he was completely drawn away like a sailor lured by song.
“You.”
Laughter crashed throughout the bedroom from Greg. “You don’t have to explain. The last thing I want is an explanation; there are some things that I don’t need to know. Just-”
Sherlock goes missing, Molly knows, John gets surprised, and the game is ever on...
“Sherlock?”
“Yes. Lestrade’s driving is still horrid from his time as rebellious youth. He’s extremely fond of those rubbish car chases you also watch. Now, the case, John.”
John leaned forward, angling for a kiss. It was strong, filled with so many different emotions – pain, lust, desperation, and love. Their tongues danced and twisted with each other’s, fighting to take the lead. Sherlock’s hips nudged forward, throwing John’s senses into overdrive. Their mouths broke apart, breathlessly. Their hands linked together and began to move in their bodies in earnest, chasing pleasure like chasing criminals in the underground. Sweat dewed on their bodies. Hearts drummed in their chests.
The two men glared at each other, both breathing heavy. John licked his lips. Something changed in the air when grey-green tracked the movement. His mind flickered through his dreams from last night. He felt himself growing flushed. Underneath his other hand, he could feel Sherlock’s heart drumming through his skin. His fingertips dug into the silk shirt, tempting to either push away or pull closer. John didn’t know. His head swirled, watching in complete fascination as Sherlock’s pale throat bobbed heavily.
“Ah! Speaking of that,” John muttered lowly, glancing to the door. “You should know that there’s a spot in the morgue that he’s found that allows him to overhear our conversations.”
“You too,” the blonde woman waved, went inside, John watched through the window as the nameless woman reclaimed her earlier perch with a smile directed to another woman in Angelo’s uniform.
“What do you…alright…” agreed Greg hesitantly. He trailed off once meeting John’s face. Then asked. “What’s the message?”
“The victim being famous complicates things. Everyone is calling for justice. The family. The husband. Even the fans, can you believe that? For a pants model, fans? Anyways, after you left, Sherlock, we had people start camping out, reporters waiting for you to come back.”
-And whapped his head on the wooden doorway again. The mouth on his cock disappeared with a lewd pop. John hissed from the loss of pleasure, and from the nippy air brushing past his wet cock. “Sherlock-”
“She did say that she gave you and your detective boyfriend the flash drive after she had shot him. Also said that you torched it in a fireplace, bad move on your part.”
Was it too soon after his and Sherlock’s ‘All-in’ for them to be sending out the “happy announcement” as Mycroft put it so many years ago? Was it too soon after Mary to tell people about them? Wasn’t everything too soon? They had accumulated years as friends, best friends even, but this…He had made some sense about waiting for the right moment before jumping into bed completely together. This, having sex, was one side of each other that they hadn’t seen. John didn’t want anyone to completely know, he wanted to have Sherlock all to himself, even if it was just for a moment.
“Afraid so.”
Utter shock flickered over Sherlock’s face, before all emotions were schooled away with a blink. John frowned at the closure. “There’s a woman, long blonde hair, late 30’s at the bar who has glanced over fifteen times in the last seven minutes. Clearly scouting for a companion for only tonight.”
“It took me a bit longer, old hands and cold weather. They didn’t bother to tie my feet, I had mentioned about my poor hip. I’ll need another herbal soother after all this.”
“Since you entered Stage 1 of your REM cycle.”
Lestrade nodded, he flipped through his notebook and read. “The female is Rachel Sulley and the man near her is Patrick Dubar. The other victim is Finnigan Mathews. According to Sulley’s coworkers, Mathews is her half-brother.”
John paused when the two other men glanced at him. Pride danced across Sherlock’s features. His opal eyes from this morning in bed were now a light blue. Sherlock’s inky hair was styled immaculately. Lestrade looked entertained, glancing between him and Sherlock. “If you get tired of Sherlock, you could always work with me at the Yard.”
“Moriarty.” John whispered while wondering if he was hallucinating.
“Well…yes…I guess we are getting there,” John replied with a shrug. Getting there? That was definitely an understatement. He knew what Sherlock -‘supposedly’- wanted. He knew what he wanted. It was the fact that -he couldn’t…didn’t want to do anything while still being married. Both Sherlock, -and he, himself, deserved to be ‘all in’. There was also another complication: what equals to being ‘all in’ with Sherlock? That was something that they hadn’t talked about yet. “Conversations are neither of our strong suits, you know?”
“Yes.”
Sherlock didn’t acknowledge him when he sat down to eat.
John held Sherlock close, slowly moving and thrusting in earnest when Sherlock fell limp in his arms. His muscles were relaxed, and John felt his cock easily sliding in and out of the man he loves. He could feel his own chest rising and falling, breathing hard, but Sherlock wasn’t. Quickly, the doctor stole a glance at Sherlock, and noticed he had turned beet-red from holding his own breath.
John opened his eyes and turned his head. Inky dark curls blocked him from seeing Sherlock’s face. And he couldn’t have that. Not after what Sherlock had said. Those words struck a cord within him, resonating louder than the best man speech that Sherlock gave at his wedding, the vow that he made before John danced with the wrong person, and their exchange on the tarmac. John would remember those words for the rest of his life.
Moran chuckled, and turned his head, grinning at John as if they were mates going for a wild ride. “I know a pub with great fish and chips. They have great stouts too. What’s your poison, doctor?”
“Nothing.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sorry,” John offered gently as he released Sherlock’s hair and the detective let out a small hiss. “I didn’t know I was hurting you.”
“It’s been years since we’ve met and we’ve both struggled with ourselves to get to this point, and now you’re saying something about timing. It’s a bit ridiculous,” declared Sherlock.
“How’s what?”
“There’s no need for that, the hospital is right around the corner,” the cabbie motioned out the window. “We’ll be there in a tick once traffic gets moving again.”
The doctor felt a twinge in his lower abdomen. Anxiety was kicking in, and at the thought… if Sherlock was watching… seeing him one last time through the camera…
The door slammed shut behind him, breaking him away from the past, and bringing him back to now and the troubles ahead. He paused at the edge of the pool, standing on the tan tiles, staring at the two motionless bodies, floating in the blue waters. Long dark hair drifted in the small current. A pair high heeled shoes, joined with a handbag perched in front of a dressing room and a pair of loafers, along with a wallet was in front of the second dressing room.
The man at the wall glared at her. “Shut up, you bint. You were just a lure for this one, and he’ll be a lure for-”
“Yes, there may be hope for you yet.”
Jesus Christ! That wasn’t something John wanted to hear. They could’ve wasted a lifetime of almost, and or never. It was John’s reality when he thought Sherlock was dead.
“We enhanced the footage from 221B of your exchange with Moran. The numbers are now disconnected.”
John let out a huff of laughter. “Of course I did but you probably know where to find it.”
Sherlock sighed. “Fine.”
John shook his head. “No, I didn’t get a chance at the flat, the clinic was busy, and I spent most of my afternoon searching for you.”
He didn’t even notice the pale fingers plucked the items from him. In seconds, John’s cock was encased in a condom and he hissed when Sherlock’s hand pumped over his length. Stroking his cock with those long elegant fingers at slow, teasing glide.
“And penetrative sex was the original plan, then? Was it you buggering me or the other way around?”
John quickly changed into a blue jumper and dry trousers. Sherlock had his coat waiting. They ventured out of the flat and into a cab on their way to New Scotland Yard. In comfortable silence, Sherlock’s phone chimed, John’s buzzed in his pocket. They shared a look before checking their phones. John grinned when Sherlock groaned at his phone, hostilely pressing buttons before tucking it away, his head turning to look out the window.
“You meant ‘we’ need to go back to Baker Street.”
John followed Sherlock as they walked away to the main road in search of a cab. The day started to fade into evening.
Familiarity still nagged at the back of his mind while he analyzed the screen with the three men, starting their conversation over again. What was it that was bothering him? John watched as one man threw his blond head back and laughed silently. There was nothing noticeable about all three men. One had brunet hair, styled in small spikes from his forehead, and dressed in simple black on black. Another man wore a white baseball cap; turned backwards in way that tourist Americans would wear, paired with a white vest and black trousers. The flat bill pointed at the camera, giving a view of the man’s back, but no face.
John glanced down at his left hand, staring at the symbol that was supposed to mean a lifetime of happiness. That happiness had been short lived. This ring and the woman he had shared the matching set with brought him nothing but pain, confusion, and a bit of stupidity on his end. He hadn’t deserved it. Or maybe he did. He did seem to attract a certain kind of person. Maybe the lack of happiness was his fault somehow. Maybe this was his punishment for lives ending in the war, lives that he couldn’t save, that now his life couldn’t be happy. Frowning at that thought, John ripped the ring from his finger and slammed it onto the sink.
“Sherlock, what are you-“
“Sherlock did not have time to take his pulse and make a phone call. Not with the snipers trained on you, dear Mrs. Hudson, and Gregory.”
“Sherlock.”
“Then what do you want, John? I can-”
A/N: Hello all. To warn I did use some Season 4 dialogue but I think it's hidden well enough not to reflect the scene that it came from, not that it was a bad scene in the show- it's one of my favorites actually. In this case, the scene is different, so it has a different context. There's also small references to other Sherlock Holmes works. You know what, ignore me. Read it. I hope all of you enjoy reading this chapter as much as I enjoyed writing it. Please leave comments/kudos and/or bookmark. Until next time. A special thanks to my beta: whitehart and everyone else who looked over this chapter.
“See that you don’t, Sherlock. Your second death won’t be as easily believed as your first.”
“I was thinking.”
“You already knew about his death, John. Now, watch the video. New location, look at the walls, the footage was edited together.”
John could see why it was biggest picture; it was a beautiful capture. He tore his eyes away from the pictures and glanced around the flat. It radiated happiness of times spent together and of the future they were building, until a killer ripped it away. Now, all that remained was a shattered life for the other man downstairs, the body draped over an armrest of a red couch and ending with a dark-haired detective studying the crime scene.
John walked by, mindlessly patting Sherlock’s shoulder as he went towards the loo.
He also ignored every phone booth with quickened steps, magically began ringing as he approached and silenced when he passed.
John nodded. “What about the crime scene? And the husband?” He tapped on his leg. “I’m fine if you want to head back to there or to the Yard.”
Sherlock grumbled sleepily into John’s hair. “I thought the idea was to have a bit of a kip. Switching the light on doesn’t make it easier.”
John glanced over at Sherlock, and met silver eyes for a moment before turning back to Moran’s voice over the mobile speakers, and it echoed throughout the lab.
John’s eyes bolted open, meeting the sight of untamed curls in his face. Dark curls that didn’t belong to him, but instead, to a certain detective. That same certain detective who was his best friend, flatmate and the man that he was attracted to seemingly treating him like a personal pillow to cuddle. Warm huffs brushed against his chest. The dark curls still tickled his nose. John stiffened when he realized just how close they were compared to how he fell asleep last night. Where they had been side-by-side, only touching shoulder to leg, now John could barely move from the trap that ensnared him. One pale arm roped over his torso. Long legs folded over him, tangling with his own. John’s numb fingers were laced within Sherlock’s hair, almost as if like he had been trying to keep him there in his sleep. His other hand held a pale knee. They were utterly and thoroughly woven together. And something hard pressed against John.
He met his reflection again. His shoulders felt lighter somehow. Removing the ring was a step forward. It was time to start anew. To find the happiness that everyone should have, and deserved. Optimism seemed to make his face years younger. He was going to be happy, as he had been yesterday, on a case with Sherlock again.
The other man nodded. John plucked the fallen notepad and pen from the floor, and handed it over. After a minute, John took the notepad back, glancing down at two sets of numbers.
A/N: Please leave feedback if you wish! Till next time.
“Well, obviously not, and that hardly stops you from bleeding on the floor,” Mrs. Hudson stated flatly before adding. “That’s going to stain.”
Sherlock jumped from his chair and around the table. Hands grabbed John’s, long fingers trailed up his palm, smearing the ink across both of their hands.
Mycroft’s expression remained ever stoic, wearing his indifference as well as his pristine, ‘not a hair out place suit’ towards John’s attitude. John leaned back on the comfortable leather seat, folding his arms across his chest. His eyes never left Mycroft’s when as John asked.
Sherlock growled. He stood up straight, glaring down at John for stopping. “Use the soap.”
“Childish excuse,” said Mycroft. “Wouldn’t you agree, Dr. Watson?”
John waited in silence. He waited for the impending storm that Mycroft’s tone promised in four small words.
John chuckled and shook his head. “No, I’m stopping you there. I’m bisexual, discovering that later in life doesn’t change who I am. I want you, so badly, Sherlock, I can’t even think straight.”
“Good enough?” John asked sharply.
“I don’t know what you’re saying.”
Christ, he should’ve done it. Kissed him.
Then he motioned to the third victim, the second man, on the ground across the road. “He took one to the chest. Gone before he hit the ground. Any ID on the victims yet?”
John glanced around them, smiling apologetically at the group of students, who turned to look back, whispering nervously to each other.
“If I were you…I would be a little nicer in asking me to finish you.” John arched an eyebrow while both his hands slowed down, the fingers inside Sherlock’s tight heat purposefully avoiding the bundle of nerves.
“Really?”
Chapter 19
Their talking may have waned him a bit but it was all for naught. Now, he rolled his hips against Sherlock’s. Driven by nature and the sounds that he was consuming from Sherlock’s mouth. He was so close; he had been so close before. But this, he could feel it. The tide of pleasure burned under his skin, bordering between too much and wanting more. John ripped his mouth away, panting. His mouth fixed on Sherlock’s elongated neck as the detective threw his head back and moaned. John harshly sucked into that pale column, earning more sounds out of Sherlock. Hands pushed and pulled at John’s sweater. In the same rhythm of, close, but not close enough.
“It means that he bugged the flat…” Sherlock spat, “again, obviously.”
“Of course.”
“Mmmhhhh. I get it now. It wasn’t intentional.” Sherlock hummed contentedly, staring at John kissing his knuckles.
John hadn’t even thought of that, already knowing Sherlock had gotten his wounds in self-defense. “I know.”
“Of course.”
John blinked at the unknown voice as an unfamiliar face appeared beside him. All he saw was bright blue hair and matching eyes.
John rolled his eyes. “You take longer in the loo yourself. Let me shower in peace.”
A/N: This is it folks! The last chapter! I may do a couple extras or a sequel eventually..as of right now...I have real life things to tend to. Thank you everyone! I do want to say, that this chapter may not be what you expect, it certainly wasn't when I was writing it. I do hope you like it, if you have questions- comment! Thank you beta Whitehart who picked up my fic in the middle and to the end and thank you to beta englandwouldfalljohn for getting it started and helping me plot out ideas. Both betas were amazing to clean up my icky writing. So, here it goes!
“ Your sergeant here refuses to let me interview the criminal,” Sherlock stated matter-of-factly to Lestrade’s question.
Her answer made John pause, and he blinked slowly, taking in the information. “I don’t understand. Who did you need to rescue?”
But he had also been tricked before.
“Mycroft didn’t care for you figuring that out, did he?” Sherlock gave John a look and got a grin in reply.
He yelped as Sherlock pounced at him. Pale hands grabbed at the bottom of his jumper, elegant fingers folding within the wool, pulling it upward, and exposing the white button down shirt that John was wearing underneath. He twisted out of Sherlock’s reach. He straightened out his clothes, his cheeks burning red.
“You’re not wrong,” he bit out lowly.
A/N: Well, I'm terribly sorry for slamming the brakes on this fic. Season 4 was....interesting. Since I started this fic before Season 4, there will be no references to it. I'm also debating on baby Watson's name- whether it be Rosemund or something else. Anyways, I'll try to be better, and hopefully finish this fic by chapter 25 or so considering they are short chapters. Thank you to my beta- englandwouldfalljohn(The Lady Amalthea).
He continued to worry that someone was on the other side of the locked door, and could unlock it. His mind switched into being an army captain and was making tactical escape plans while analyzing their surroundings.
“He already knew. You know there’s no sense in lying to him. He already knew that you asked me to ‘babysit’ him. His words, not mine.”
Peter shook his head. Blushing red again. “No, go ahead.”
“Yeah. I’m thinking that you’re the exact opposite,” Lestrade retorted with a side-glance. “Off the record here, but did you…you know…” Lestrade mimicked a gun with his had pointed at his forehead, “offed Jefferson Hope with just your handgun?”
“Sit, I want to check you out.”
A/N: Please comment/kudos and/or bookmark. Thank you!
John inhaled sharply as he recalled the abandoned tube, the bomb, and humdrum panic he had felt at that moment. The anger he still had felt at Sherlock for leaving him alone, for hurting him with his fake death, and the epiphany that he actually forgave him during what he had thought were his last minutes.
“We are all set up out here,” came the professor’s voice from the other side.
John rolled his eyes at Sherlock’s correction. The idiot always needed the last word.
“It was a dead end,” stated Sherlock flatly. John easily picked up the tone of disappointment. Sherlock didn’t enjoy being wrong or running on out of leads at alarming rates.
He shook his head, gathering that he was being addressed.
“Moriarty will change his mind when he realises that we are not solving the message.”
the liar? There were too many questions and not nearly enough answers.
Interruption, Explanations, Soho.
“Give me one-“ John swallowed the lump his throat, and motioned to the man in the pool with his free hand. “Why not-”
John shared a pained look with Sherlock before they entered into the block of flats through the double doors. The ground interior was much like the outside. Upper class seemed to seep from the pure white walls. A crystal chandelier glittered in small rainbows over their heads. Rich golden frames held large gorgeous paintings. The glass lift was also framed in gold. John stood by Sherlock’s side, looking around when the taller man beat him to the button for the lift.
Sherlock snorted. “Perhaps I should…I know the perfect chemical mixture for someone his size and weight…”
“Sher-”
John immediately grabbed at Sherlock’s shoulders when the detective seemed to have zoned out. Or into himself, by the looks of it. Eyes were open, vacate as if Sherlock retreated into his mind place without having to make a sulk of it on the sofa. Carefully, John navigated Sherlock backwards, aiming to hit the back of Sherlock’s legs on the edge of the bed. The taller man seemed to revive from the gentle impact of his bum landing on the bed. John stared down at Sherlock when he inhaled sharply. His hands firmly kept Sherlock sitting down when the detective tried to stand.
The detective scoffed at him. “There’ve always been complications since we met. I could give you analytical data to prove it. Kissing would temporarily fix what broke while I was away. It slipped by me once, I won’t have it again.”
“It’s your favorite,” John remarked lightly as he took a sip as well.
“It required a genuine response and concern, which required lying and you’re terrible at it,” stated Sherlock as he started descended the stairs. “You played your part as a diversion wonderfully, I see, he gave you his mobile number.”
“Well, do you want to look over the crime scene first or traumatize the boyfriend first?”
Jack Ripper scoffed, the insufferable grin plastered back on his face once more. “Does it matters? She’s dead anyway.”
“-tortured, Sherlock. Serbia could’ve ended worse than scars on your back. Do tell me if you choose to keep Dr. Watson out of the line of fire again. That-“
