“Oh yeah? What’s the big fishman going to do?” Tony threatened as Steve’s lower half moved at an angle so Tony could essentially sit on his lap despite them floating. He wasn’t sure the technicality of it all, but he knew Steve could float in place without much effort.
“There you go, clogs turning now?” Tony took a big gulp of his water now that he had put Steve in his place but Steve could only find it in himself to shake his head.
Despite that, Tony expected Steve to not be in their bed when he entered the master bedroom. To his relief there was a husband shaped lump on the right side of the bed. He stripped down to his boxers, not bothering to shower, and slid into the left side but not moving any closer. He didn’t deserve the physical attention when he felt like the worst husband in the world. How could he have just pushed Steve aside all day? How could he have forgotten it all together, it’s not like there wasn’t signs. Steve had just fucking mentioned last week how funny it was that Sam and Bucky were using the same venue as them for their wedding and how nice it would look in fall colors versus winter.
“Huh? Oh no. Sorry, just.” Steve was finding this harder than he imagined, even after requesting Bucky’s help to practice on the night before. “Okay. I’m just going to say it, don’t worry if you don’t feel the same way. I’m not expecting anything, and you don’t owe me any kind of reaction if you don’t agree.” He grabbed a hold of Tony’s hand and turned to look at him, noticing the uncertain look he got in return.
“And what about the weird orgasm but not orgasm feeling?” His own cock had sadly since softened but that didn’t mean the aftereffects of such a powerful orgasm, even if it wasn’t his own, didn’t still ring through his body like a steady drum.
“Please, Tony. Can I?” Could people who breathed through gills be breathless? Maybe it was just the strain in Steve’s voice but he sounded breathless. Ether way, Tony was already this far along, might as well finish the job.
“Won’t hurt. Please.” The words were mumbled and hard to understand but Tony caught them enough to hear the no hurt part. Fuck it. He was already this far along. If he had to retire early then so be it.
“How many times do I have to tell you I’m not a fish before you stop calling me one?” A small smile finally tugged at Steve’s lips and he could feel the relief in his voice from just that. “But no. That’s not something I can do or have a factor in. You would have to ask the ocean for that gift, and she doesn’t give it lightly.” Tony eyed the water cautiously but shook his head, knowing that for now that wasn’t a gift he wanted.
“If you say so.” Steve reached down and brushed her hair from her face. It was still too early to catch much of her scent since she smelled so heavily like Tony right now but there was undertones of flowers that made his nose itch. Maybe he should have done her room in flowers instead of a cityscape.
“She’s perfect Tony. Thank you.” Steve watched in awe as Tony picked her up and nestled her against his shoulder and neck. Their little pup was so tiny and yet so full of life even when she slept.
“Man we need to get you on the internet.”
“Love, you don’t have to say anything.” Tony looked to Steve’s back and felt that pain in his heart again. Not like the one he suffered all those years being Iron man, but the pain that brings him back to the time he almost lost Pepper. He knew he had fucked up and there was no one to blame but himself. Jarvis had probably reminded him, Steve surely had, and he was sure if he bothered to look on their joint calendar Tony would see the reminder there too. This was just another example of what happened when he put work in front of everything else.
“But?” Tony asked, wrapping his arms around the other as well and just resting his cheek against Steve’s shoulder.
“Fuck, Tony.” Steve shifted so he could kiss along Tony’s neck which had Tony’s hips rolling on their own accord. “You smell delicious right now.”
“Yes. It’s…very sensitive.” Steve swallowed hard and as he did so the gills pushed water out around them. It was fascinating watching them working, knowing Steve was no longer breathing through his nose or mouth now. Even in an unsexual matter, Tony still wanted to touch and feel every part of Steve. To understand how the mans body worked when it was submerged like this.
A crush turned into more and with time it even turned into Tony no longer waking alone in bed or with strangers. Every morning was now a consistent pattern of waking up to blonde hair and soft snores by the man next to him. Steve had somehow given him a family and love, and Tony was certain this was all he needed. What more could he want?
“Whoever’s fault it was doesn’t matter, I still had to buy you a whole new set.” Not like money was any issue but they were eight hours in and had to completely restart. “Besides, I like our Lego nights. Unless you’re too old to hang out with your Papa now.” Peter’s face pulled into one of shock at the insulation.
“First off, Bucky asked me to watch her and water the plants. You were the one to choose to come with me when you didn’t have to.” Which wasn’t exactly true.
Tony’s heart was pounding hard against his rib cage, anxiety rolling off him in waves that he was sure Steve was picking up on, and yet he trusted him. Tony knew Steve wouldn’t let anything happen to him. “Fine, but I get to be big spoon tonight.” Before Steve could laugh or even comment on what he had said, Tony pushed off and dropped to the water. He went under for only one terrifying moment before Steve’s arms were around his waist and pulling him back up.
“Is that everything?” He asked after a moment of silence when Steve hadn’t continued. He barely managed a nod before Tony was moving in to kiss him. Steve tried kissing back but Tony was already pulling away and sitting back in his seat.
“So you forgot one anniversary? There will be others, Tony. I’m disappointed, don’t get me wrong, but we can celebrate it any day really. I just want to spend some alone time with you, that’s all.” Tony made an embarrassing noise when Steve’s large arms were suddenly around his waist and pulling him into a tight hug. “I love you, Tony. I have for a long time now and I know you didn’t do it on purpose. But,”
“Oh god, Steve. Put those puppy dog eyes away.” Tony pushed at his face while the other broke into laughter. “I know, okay. I won’t go back on my promise.” He groaned but did eventually pull off his shirt and fold it nicely to be left on the dock. Tony was already in his swim shorts, ones Steve had picked out while they were in the city, so dress wise he was all ready to go in. Mentally though he still had his hang ups. Growing up rich meant never having to do things you didn’t want to. Tony never wanted to learn to swim, or be outside in general, so his parents never made him. Now though, he really wished they had.
“Guess we’ll find out.” He fired back, feeling proud of having something ready. Tony always kept him on his feet, giving a thrill of what the man was going to say next.
“F-fuck! Steve.” Tony’s hand traveled to his stomach since he couldn’t look down and he could feel the slight bulge pressing inside of him. Fuck. Everything felt so warm and -perfect-. What was going on with this magical dick? Steve mumbled something in his tongue but Tony was too distracted by the feeling of the member inside him retracting and pushing back in all while their bodies stayed completely still. It made sense that the cock could sheath itself back inside Steve without needing to move but it was still so new to him. The slow pace didn’t last long before it was rocking in faster and stronger, almost like it was licking his insides. Tony kept his hand splayed along his lower stomach the whole time, equal parts fascinated at the feeling and loving the noises Steve made every time his dick rubbed against it while being sheathed inside.
-Love, Papa
“I asked if Daddy was going to help?” Tony looked back down at the pieces in front of them, humming as he did so.
“You want to leave early? Actually shower and get the pollen out of your hair? You know, just in case he does ask.” Steve poked the side of Bucky’s temple where a spot of yellow pollen sat. Bucky in turn just brushed it off and gave a shoulder shrug.
“Okay, spill. He’s had to have told you something.” There was barely enough room behind the counter for them to stand shoulder to shoulder, yet Steve wasn’t about to leave before he got his answers.
“Maybe next time.” Steve winked as he slipped into the back and gathered the last two orders that hadn’t been picked up. It was normal every year to have a few left over so might as well not let them go to waste. “Here’s the two we have left, you’re free to pick something off the floor but these are already done up.” He set both vases on the counter for Tony to look over. The man hummed for a moment before shrugging.
“Tony-” Steve hissed. “Please, Please. I want to be in you.” Despite what Steve was saying, his body was telling Tony the opposite. Pulsing around his fingers even as he withdrew them. Coating all three was a thick clear liquid that clung to his skin even while they stayed underwater. Tony wanted to lick it just as much as he wanted to go back to his lab and study it.
“We’re both going to make mistakes but that’s just life, darling. We’re going to do this together and if we mess up, we’ll do that together too. I love both of you more then life itself and as your elder, you should trust what I say.” That got Tony laughing again and while it ended up waking their little pup up, they both just smiled and cooed at her until she fell back asleep.
“All of that is what it means to be my mate.” His tail pushed out from under them as Steve laid back, floating on his back and pushing Tony mostly out of the water. He couldn’t lay down due to the tug to his backside so Tony stayed upright and watched the water caress Steve’s chest and face in slow even pushes and pulls. “You do not fear the water because I do not fear it. You are now mated to one of her children and she won’t hurt you because hurting you means hurting me.” Tony had his doubts with that but couldn’t test any theories in his position, so he stayed where he was for now. Not drowning though did seem like a pretty good perk.
Pepper
“No, I need sleep first. I’ll catch up on everything tomorrow or…later today technically.” The ride back to the penthouse only took minutes but Tony was ready to just climb into bed with his super solider and sleep for a solid six hours. Maybe he’d take Steve out tomorrow as an apology for blowing him off today. Not that today was anything special, just another Saturday right? Or was it Sunday. He shook his head once the doors opened figuring it didn’t matter.
“Maybe we should check out the bedroom then? Get settled in?” The blush that exploded on Steve’s face definitely didn’t stop below his collar and was a sure fire way for Tony to know he knew exactly what he meant.
“Tony” Steve’s whine came back and it was almost cute how needy he sounded.
Then mister Captain America himself ended up on his doorstep with a duffle bag and a smile that Tony couldn’t resist. Shield falling meant he was out of a place to stay and the promise of it only being for a month while he tried finding a place was in the air. After that month though, Tony knew he wasn’t leaving and had learned he didn’t want Steve to leave ether. The others followed soon after, even Thor requested a room for when he was visiting.
“Sorry. We do take card, but these are both already paid for. People didn’t pick them up so they cancelled by contract with no refund. I’d feel bad making you pay.” Tony’s eyes softened making Steve’s heart relax from its previously anxious pounding.
“Wha?”
Today’s the day!! We’re already in the room getting ready. I can barely keep the pencil from shaking so this won’t be long. Only a few hours now and I’ll be able to hold you. I almost feel like crying thinking about it.
“Tony, she is not trying to kill you. She’s just lonely and wants attention.” Steve set the water can he had been using to water Bucky’s plants on the coffee table before scooping the cat up in one hand. She of course immediately started rubbing her face all over his beard and purring louder. She could trick all of them, but Tony knew her secrets.
I can’t believe it. After two years of trying, we just got word from the doctors that you’re really coming. Our little peanut. Your Oma and I cried when we got the official news. You’re barely the size of a grain of rice right now but both of us love you so much. I’m not sure if these letters will ever reach you but my ma did this for me and they’re some of my most treasured possessions so maybe they’ll be the same for you too. I’ll try and get your Oma to write some as well, but we’ll see how that goes. He’s not always the best with his words.
“Fine just…” Steve pulled Tony down further so he could press against his neck, which had Tony’s face getting very close to the water much to his discomfort. “You smell so good. I’ll explain later but please.”
“Maybe we’ll have to invite Ned over sometime so he can help build one.” Tony leaned back in his chair and watched Peter’s face light up. Suddenly he was off talking up a storm about Ned and which ones he’d want to build with him and how amazing it would be. Tony could listen to him talk for hours and still be just as amazed with every word he said as he was the first time Peter spoke.
“Tanuki, technically. They’re like a raccoon dog. Mostly in Japan.” Tony blinks a few more times. “I don’t trust him.”
She turns and steps further into whatever’s beyond, swallowed up by the shadows. The door ahead stays open, but Tony still sees it: the raised star at the top. Same as the one on the shield.
“Bed, Tony. Goodnight.”
“For me, Steve. Try not to die.” Tony’s hand finds his cheek in the dark, thumb pressing against Steve’s bottom lip. “And when you don’t die, promise me you’ll put the shield aside and find that kid from Brooklyn again.”
Tony doesn’t know if he should be more offended at the implication or how Steve snaps off a smart salute and brisk “ma’am” to the order.
“I might’ve…suggested…” Tony scowls at Clint. “He never shut up about him, what was I supposed to think?”
“I’ll do one of those things.”
“You and me, some bed, post-mission.”
“This was the best SHIELD had? I can point out six reasons why this is the wrong material for you just from first glance. What kind of amateur hour are they running over there? I mean, look at how easily it tore right here—you can’t have a uniform for Captain America tear like—”
Tony suspects it’s all an act put on to annoy Clint, who once made the mistake of joking that Steve would obviously hate rock music and the 80s because he had old-man tastes and something about the music being too loud. Even more compelling, if Thor is around and joins Steve, the two of them have no problem harmonizing and trade off who hits the song's one howling high note.
Steve holds up both hands and backs away from the desk. Tony gives him a suspicious glare before ducking out of the workshop.
and that, Tony thinks, is a massive understatement. No one moves to shake his hand and their eye contact is sustained well past the point of casual. The questions they ask feel like there’s a test lurking in how he answers, something with teeth and an open jaw. To top it all off, the room is stifling. His back is slick with sweat after 10 minutes.
Walk, don’t run, Tony reminds himself as he slips into his office and locks the door behind him.
“Why could we not just play croquet?” Thor complains. “I am much better with a hammer.”
“If you come up with an equation to determine that, let me know. It’s made for awkward conversations on dates.”
“I don’t think I gave you much of a choice,” he replies softly.
“Oh my God,” Tony exclaims. “You’re the ass!”
“Money is help.”
Steve blinks. Slowly, his face warms to how it was when he was dancing.
“UV rays and polluted air,” Tony replies. “Cancer.”
“Fair point. You know what you’re going to say to him?”
“No,” Carter replies immediately. “We have a common enemy.”
From the back of the room, there are two shrill whistles and a booming whoop. Then a cheer from somewhere in the audience and slowly, a ripple of applause that builds until it's thunderous.
“If that’s all right with you, Steve?” she continues.
Tony gets the quinjet off the ground and switches on autopilot.
Tony is sitting at the breakfast bar in the communal kitchen, bent over a tablet.
“Are we getting cordially invited to villainous plots now?” Steve asks, trying to grab the invite. “Awfully classy for most our nemeses.”
Steve is there in another breath, barely slowing down before his hands are on Tony's shoulder, his side, crashing them together in a tight hug.
“Shut up,” Steve replies and kisses him again. “Or I won’t let you take me somewhere nice.”
“At some point, you’ll lose patience and tell me,” Steve replies. “Nat’s right, Tony. Nothing about us being together.”
“The best lies have an element of truth,” Carter says, which isn’t really an answer. “Stay here. I’m going to check the perimeter.”
Clint’s whistle shrieks through the air.
“So,” he says. “I hated that.”
“Certainly, sir. Is this in addition to the two other raises this week?”
“Then hop to, soldier. We’ve got folks waiting on us.”
TS: Margaret Carter?
Turns out, it’s not just battle-fatigue or just-woke-up that make Steve clumsy.
“Hypocrite,” Tony returns without heat and scoots further up the bed, dragging Steve with him.
Steve, with all the well-trained accuracy of a Special Ops Super Soldier, throws a towel in Tony’s face.
Then, before Tony has time to draw another breath, Steve’s shield clips his ear. There’s the sound of gunfire.
“We?”
“Yes.”
“I really don’t,” Tony replies. “Let’s get out of here. This place always gives me the creeps.”
“No, it’s okay. If it’ll help…I can deal with it.”
“So, this is where you disappeared to,” Tony says, strolling over. “When you didn’t come back from your run, Thor was certain you’d encountered certain doom. Clint’s theory was less flattering—he claims you were befuddled by traffic lights.”
“I thought you liked it when I begged.”
“Done.” Bruce pauses. “The game is more fun when you have friends to play with,” he offers as an explanation.
“It’s fine. I can suffer in silence.”
It’s late morning when Steve finally manages to pull himself from the warm tangle of bedsheets and Tony. He sees the stacks of newspapers on the kitchen table, but avoids looking at them too closely.
To his credit, Fury doesn’t even blink. “Yes.”
“That’s what life study means, Tony.”
“Steve,” Tony says, his fingers bunching in Steve’s shirt. “Jesus, you touch me and it’s like flipping a switch.”
Tony wonders for a wild moment if he’s experiencing heat stroke. It’s already a hot day. He steps forward, ducking into the shade of the tent, and gets a better look at Steve.
Pepper and Happy had waited patiently for Tony to lower a wall. Steve had scaled it.
a tactical genius,” Tony breathes. “Lead on.”
“Not much,” Steve says wryly.
“Tony—”
“Cheater,” Tony mutters. “The least you could do is take your shirt off before you scold me so I can look at some red, white, and washboard abs.”
“It’s a declaration.”
He shucks his gauntlets and sets them aside. Tony presses the heels of his palms into his eyes, grateful for the silence and Steve’s steady presence, as at-odds as they may be right now. The thing was, even if Steve didn’t agree or go along with Tony’s plans, it was because he genuinely thought they weren’t the right ways forward. It sets Tony’s teeth on edge, the inability to compromise, the line in the sand. But then he remembers something Fury shared with him, how Steve had said
The way Steve looks at him tells Tony he hasn’t fooled Steve. When Steve's attention shifts to Howard, Tony watches the steel go into him. He hates this Steve, the one from films and who was all resolve and staunchness. The Steve who would never draw the Avengers as the Scooby-Doo gang and submit the comic to the
whine, and resolutely ignores the quick smirk Steve does
“Approaching target. Cover me.”
“Disconnect from the Foundation’s servers, J, and run a full system diagnostic,” Tony says. “I want to make sure no one’s eavesdropping on us.”
Steve strokes Tony’s cheek, grazes his jaw. He grips Tony’s chin and smirks. “A little.”
“I know.”
They go several blocks into the worst of the damage and meet a crew clearing rubble.
Tony shrugs. “Doubtful. People are probably too starstruck by your you-ness to notice anything.”
“Well, you know,” Steve says, that same dry humor in his voice. “The Depression. We never threw anything away.”
“Should’ve know there’s only so many of your feathers I can rumple.”
Then he turns the mic back off, wraps a hand around Steve’s tie, and pulls him down into a kiss. Steve can feel his neck flush, highly aware of hundreds of eyes on them. But Tony is kissing him in that insistent, familiar way, pulling all of Steve’s attention like he always does, and Steve can’t resist his pull, could never resist it. He sinks into the kiss, his fingers catching Tony’s hip, squeezing hard.
“Oh, I don’t think so,” Loki says with a smirk. “Why not treat this as a lesson about the pitfalls in your world’s feeble and limited understanding of gender.”
“I know,” Steve sulks. “What do I wear?”
“What if I’m not worthy of that kind of trust?”
Wow, everyone! Thank you all for reading and for your comments and kudos. It's very heartening to know people have found joy in this little fic.
“I—” Tony’s gaze has turned suspicious, but it’s still on Steve. He flaps a hand at a section of the workshop marked off and surrounded with some instruments. “Over there.”
“Were you this much of a sarcastic bastard in the newsreels?”
“I made that shield,” Howard continues. “I know it when I see it, and I want to know where you found it.”
“Hell of a view, isn’t it?” Tony says through the comms.
“You’re a very bad man,” Tony informs him, finally free of the suit and crossing the distance between them.
TS: Witty? Disorganized? Rude?
“They don’t say anything about you two being involved,” Nat continues. “It’s 700 words on your bromance.”
GC: You wouldn’t believe me.
They won’t win against Thanos without great cost, even if Nat was already too high a price paid. The red in their ledger spills out.
Howard grins, reckless and young, raising one hand in a mock salute, and for a moment, Steve sees that glimpse of Tony in him again. Then he’s gone.
Well. It won’t be the first time he goes in without intel.
“I’m the mechanical genius,” Tony mutters.
[knock on door]
“I’m not leaving you to fend for yourself.”
JARVIS: Sir, please—
“Yes, I’m sure I haven’t been shot,” Howard snaps. “I’ve had the pleasure of that experience before. Are you planning to answer my question?”
There’s damp around Tony’s fingers, Steve’s chest rising unevenly.
Thor mutters something that sounds like it might include
No one’s really sure whose fault it is but one day, there’s a new icon on the Switch’s home menu. Tony rolls his eyes and scoffs when he sees it, which makes Clint start it out of spite... and he then spends twenty minutes selecting the perfect island.
GRANT CARTER (former designation UNIDENTIFIED VOICE 1/UNID1): I didn’t realize you had an assistant.
Steve was in the communal kitchen, watching the game from a safe distance while he drank a mug of tea.
“You’re 95, Rogers. Use your words.”
“Perhaps we’d best call it a draw,” Loki suggests, getting to his feet and clapping his hands together.
Steve raises his eyebrows and pretends to search the couch cushions. “I don’t see a projector set up. Is there not a PowerPoint Presentation?”
“I did stop him from being crushed to death by a giant robot.”
“I might’ve entertained a fantasy or two,” Steve murmurs, pressing a dry kiss to Tony’s shoulder.
Steve admires the choice. He lets himself relax just a bit.
“Gold star.”
Steve’s breath is hard against Tony’s cheek. He begins to step back, but Tony grabs the collar of his uniform and holds him there.
Steve winces.
“Thor is a literal god who first got tossed to Earth because he wanted to start an interplanetary war.”
Tony directs JARVIS to erase the security footage of his and Clint’s conversation.
“Shut the hell up,” Steve replies good naturedly and chases Tony’s whine of pleasure.
“Hi,” he says. “My friend Steve is going to come over on his break in ten minutes. How much for whatever he wants?”
It’s a peace offering and Howard refocuses on Tony with a startled laugh.
Tony does not feel a flutter in his stomach. Does
“Got a mission for you,” Tony announces the next morning before Operation Send Dad Back to the Future Part I resumes, waving a piece of cardstock with fancy calligraphy on it.
He clamps down on that thought and shoves it away. No time, Rogers. Have your existential crisis later like the grown-ass adult you are.
, Tony, is
“Are you planning to talk the whole time?”
GC: It’s better if you don’t know.
“I always stare at your ass,” Tony replies, distracted.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You seem surprised,” Howard says. “Never seen him like that?”
“Wouldn’t be the first time.”
Steve catches sight of Tony mid-spin and stops abruptly. “Tony.”
“Get this thing off. I want to touch you.”
“Steve, the closest thing to a living expert on Project: Rebirth you’re going to meet is me,” Tony replies, exasperated. “You think my old man ever shut up about it? ‘Good becomes great’ and all that? Trust me, I like you a lot better than the perfect role model I was supposed to grow into, even if it took a whole fight-for-Earth battle to get my head out of my ass. It was an impossible expectation. I didn’t even break six feet,” Tony finishes with a mutter.
Steve’s face softens into an affectionate smile. “Let’s talk about it later.”
“I take it that means you have,” Tony prompts.
“Tony,” Steve murmurs, nudging his forehead against Tony’s. “I picked you. That’s got to count for something, right?”
After the ice, Steve would jerk awake after only a few hours of sleep and find himself listening hard for a baseball game on the radio. Eventually, he tried that vanishing trick again. Bury Steve Rogers. Follow orders. It worked for a while. That is, until Fury saw through his trick and kicked Steve out into the world. Then he met Tony Stark: flashy, brash, knew how to get under Steve’s skin easy as a splinter. He’d questioned Steve, pushed him until Steve pushed back.
Steve looks up at him, his gaze open.
TS: Are you out of your mind?
Just one chapter this time around, but it's almost as long as the first two put together.
GC: [amused huff] Fine. I’ll tell you over dinner.
“HYDRA. Like as in the Nazi alien sciences fringe group that traded in conspiracy theories like a glowing alien cube with unlimited power?”
“Sir,” Steve says, shaking Lou’s hand.
His cheek is pink, purple, and blue: bisexual pride.
“Not a fan? I mean, fair, she doesn’t look like she’s enjoying herself very much.”
Brock has been worse than useless finding other statements that mention Rogers; I don’t know what he’s doing working here. Perhaps he knew someone at the top and squirmed his way into a role far above his qualifications.
“There aren’t any windows. You got a secret fire exit?”
“Nah, she likes you,” Steve replies. “Probably just a light tazing.”
“Tony?”
“Sure, Tony.”
The nettle shirt is from Hans Christian Andersen's "The Wild Swans."
“Oh,” says Tony.
“You planning to argue with Captain America?”
The woman barks out a startled laugh, then ducks her head to check her laptop. “Yep, I see you on the list. Here are some nametags. Your lessons are down those stairs and to the left.”
“I have a better idea,” Steve says, getting up from the table and strolling over. “A door that locks and a very spacious bed. Not far from here.”
“That obvious?” Steve asks.
He sits up when Steve slides a plate over and pointedly puts down a very full glass of water. Tony eyes it suspiciously.
Tony hooks his arm through Steve’s and starts forward, giving up on fighting laughter. “Come on, soldier. Time to face your team.”
Tony hits a basic command, and the suit sheds. When Steve touches him, Tony’s brain grinds to a halt. There’s a heady confidence in how Steve strokes his neck and sides, presses his fingers into Tony’s back, clutches at his biceps and wrists. Every touch makes Tony want to sprawl out in a lavish bed and let Steve learn the texture of his skin, inch by inch.
Bruce shakes his head. “This is above my pay grade. Like way
Steve steps closer to him and drops his voice to a low pitch. “You stay in a defensive position. No perimeter. You follow my orders
“Not less surreal when said by someone who looks like a cyberpunk opera ghost,” Nat calls back at him.
Liz smiles, relief spilling over her face. “Great. We’ll be here from 9:30am to 6:30pm. Lots of local artists and food, and some live music starting around noon.”
“That I have seen.”
Steve starts. “What?”
It’s too bad he doesn’t get a chance to talk to the rest of their team, Howard reflects. He’d be curious to know how long the two idiots have been circling each other.
“Stay out of it,” Tony snaps back. “As for you, pops, let’s get this family reunion over with.”
“Truly. See this? It’s a long s, not an l.”
“You’re the tactical genius.”
. “Put it on my tab.”
“You’re going to be a thorn in my side, aren’t you, Rogers?” Tony gripes but it’s good-natured.
Steve quirks a sad smile. “Can I say everything, even if we haven’t got the time?”
Unluckily, Tony had failed to consider precisely who his colleagues are.
“Oh come on, Stark,” Nat nearly purrs, fluttering her eyelashes. “Surely you of all people can put it together.”
Without any additional information, we cannot further investigate the phenomenon of the doors.
Tony glares at him, a challenge in the look.
Steve is quiet for a few beats before he sighs and pulls away. “Now,” he says. “We face Nat’s I-told-you-so and go back to the compound. Tomorrow, we’ll talk. A lot.”
“Is there a difference?” Steve asks wearily.
“I believe,” Steve murmurs, when he pulls back and presses a dry kiss to the corner of Tony’s mouth. “I may be able to come up with something.”
Carter laughs, but there’s no humor in it. Tony grabs his shoulder and shakes him.
“He won’t remember anything?”
Keep Tony under close observation, Fury had ordered. An order given with Tony in the room.
“Keep moving in,” Tony tells the rest of the team. “Banner, I need you to suit up, buddy. I’ll get the old man.”
“Howard Stark was a brilliant scientist and changed your life. He was also a terrible father. With him dead, you and Tony were able to compartmentalize.” Nat shrugs. “Now, elephant in the room.”
“Not a lot of room for mistakes.”
“I see the weak point in its armor,” Thor says. “Fall back, my friends.”
“No! No, I don’t know that, Steve! You’re fucking kidding me, right? A liability? We might have all gotten to the point in the team-comes-together bonding story arc where we can trust we’ll cover each other’s backs, but no one—no one—trusts anyone more than you, Steve.” Tony holds up a hand. “No, whatever’s going on in that head of yours, zip it. Tomorrow you’ll get up, go for your daily marathon, and then we’ll hook you up to whatever machines Bruce has that keeping making that irritating beeping noise and put the new Steve body through the paces. JARVIS can flag anything that looks funny and if—
They work the rest of the day, then the days after. Steve starts to pull his beaten-up uniform back on before meeting Tony at whatever worksite he’s found this week. Hauling away rubble, lifting new girders and support beams, angling his shield so Tony can bounce an energy beam off of it—Steve can see his progress at the end of the day. It’s tangible. Not just a pile of information that feels like digging in water.
Steve’s hands slide behind Tony’s neck, his thumbs tipping Tony’s chin up.
Tony flees down the hall and Steve falls back down onto the couch. He closes his eyes and takes a deep ujjayi breath like Bruce taught him. Cautiously, Steve directs Villager Cap towards the river. There’s a shadow in the water, more log-shaped than fish. Steve sighs, rubbing a hand over his face and tries to muffle his laughter.
“Not that there is anything wrong with that,” Thor continues quickly. “But it meant I would never join their ranks, alas. And Lady Sif of Asgard! She is feared by many of our enemies and allies, alike. There is no one I trust more than she. That is, aside from you, my shield brothers.”
is a thousand dollar tie.”
Tony’s skin prickles where Steve’s fingers brush around the collar of his t-shirt. He mutters a complaint. Steve chuckles, his breath ghosting over Tony’s ear as he reaches around Tony to press the call button.
She had a picture she kept on her desk and later, tucked in with the framed pictures of her husband and kids. Black and white picture of a guy, squinting into the sun, dog tags hanging against his t-shirt. So scrawny you can see the bones of his shoulders. I asked her once who he was and she just smiled sadly and said, “an old friend.”
Loki shows his teeth in an unfriendly smile. “I'm in exile.”
Still, though, Steve had expected to be alone tonight. Even if there has not been evidence suggesting Steve would bring someone home, Tony is not about to be the man who cockblocked Captain America after 70 years on literal ice.
beneath it. “Hi,” she says. “I’m Ger. Is this your first time doing a lesson series?”
“Remember, no more stalker boards!”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve shrugs his good shoulder.
“If you say genius billionaire playboy philanthropist again, I will knock you off this stool.”
“Good, ‘cause I’d sure like to kiss you some more.”
“You ever seen a guy try to kill himself and not know that’s what he’s doing?” Howard asks. “Work himself to the bone so he doesn’t have to think about whatever’s gone wrong? Imagine that for someone who’s been chosen to be America’s shield.” Howard pauses, looks back down at his papers. “Kid’s got a good heart. It’s why Erskine chose him. But he can’t switch it off, not like you and me.”
Tony stares at the circle, still marked off, where Howard suggested he knew about Tony and Steve, then grinned and saluted before tumbling back through time, not even sure he’d land where he was supposed to. He could ask Steve what they talked about, Tony knows. Steve would probably even tell him.
“It’s been mentioned,” Steve replies in a low voice, amused.
“Traitor,” Tony whines.
“Bisexual means two or more,” Tony says, hooking his arm through Steve’s. “No limit. It’s perfect, Steve.”
His stomach sinks. The creep laughs. Steve watches himself stoop. The music increases suddenly—a voice belts,
Tony jumps and spins around, catches his heel on a table and starts to tip. He makes a sound like he’s clearing his throat when Steve grabs him and sets him back on his feet.
“You and me both,” he agrees and follows Tony out of the building.
“Or something,” Carter agrees, turning to barricade the door. “There are some first aid supplies in the closet over there. We need a plan. This’ll slow them down, but they’ll get in eventually. They burned my other identities and safe houses.”
“Oh. Well, that’s… thanks.” Tony clears his throat. “So. You want an escort home one of these evenings?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve shakes his head, eyes on the floor.
“Find the internet? Cap, it’s not a destination.”
“I suppose it did.”
“That’s Iron Man. Not Tony Stark.” At Steve’s confusion, he continues. “Separate personas. Easy for them to compartmentalize and print rumors if they keep it that way. You, on the other hand… never much of a secret identity. And with all those old newsreels, people will want an update.”
“Well, what’s normal?” Steve sighs with another wry smile. “Family, friends? A home to go back to? Didn’t have much of that before—seem to have done all right in the 21st century.”
“Jesus Christ, I forget how strong you are,” Tony says, wrestling both of them out of their shirts. “You ever figure out your limits?”
he’d say,
“Still human,” Steve confirms wryly. “No need for the nettle shirt.”
Before Steve can answer, a coil of light gathers in one of the Loki’s palms. He points. Tony starts to move, but Steve is quicker and closer. His shield goes up and he braces, taking the full power of whatever it is that Loki had been aiming at Tony. It’s almost like he’s watching this happen to someone else, Tony realizes, as Steve is lifted clear off his feet and thrown backwards. Steve lies very still.
“I was,” Steve acknowledges, a corner of his mouth quirking up.
“Yeah, well,” Tony shrugs. “As delightful as watching you and Howard trade war stories would have been…”
“Ah, a science problem,” Tony muses. “I’m better at those than people problems.”
Steve shifts Tony’s feet into his lap, settling more firmly on the couch as he watches the opening scenes of secret underground bases that remind him of SHIELD's older facilities. He does like the movie. Tony wriggles further down the couch until his butt rests against Steve's thigh. Tony spends so much of his day tightly controlled—for investors, for the press—Steve doesn’t mind that when he relaxes, there’s often a risk of finding yourself caught in the sprawl.
Over the next few days, Steve mulls over his conversation with Thor and the incident in the park. Tony knows enough about being in the spotlight. If this causes him pain, Steve ought to trust Tony on being more open about their relationship. So he will. It’s the right thing to do.
“You mean the crème de cassis you and Bucky got drunk off your asses on, and I had to haul you into your bunks?” Steve stops. “My bunk, as I recall, and I had to sleep on that cot of yours.”
Howard bursts into laughter and clasps Steve shoulder, then his face in both hands. “Well, I’ll be damned. Steve Rogers, back from the dead. Jesus, you gave us a fright, kid. You told Peggy the good news yet?”
“And other things, too.”
“Won’t react to the shield.”
Now Tony watches Steve toss his head back, sing into the wooden spoon in his hand, and shake his head to a beat only The Boss can play. He can feel the smile on his face, wide and warm. Of course Steve would love Bruce Springsteen.
“Brother,” Thor warns through his teeth-gritted grin.
Rogers grins, but there’s a bite to it. “Well, then. I guess we’re both disappointments.”
“I do not have a sulk face.”
His door is ajar, the room dark except for a single light further in.
“In ten minutes,” Steve says blankly.
Tony nearly walks into the doorframe on his way out. He is not, he tells himself, going to change his opinion of that game.
But when the blast of war blows in our ears,
TS: Come in, then. Don’t mind JARVIS; he just keeps an eye on the place.
Thor nods, mulling this over. “I know something of this. I was raised to be a king, my life’s work to rule over Asgard after my father made his journey to Valhalla. Loki, too, twice over—as Asgardian and Frost Giant both, yet the latter was kept from him. Ignored. He remembers our childhood differently than I: that he was mere shadow to me.” Thor pauses for a long moment. “I never knew what unspoken pain he carried. You saw what it did to him.”
“That sounds dangerous.”
Tony blinks.
Steve sighs. “I’m obviously a liability in the field. We don’t know how this spell works or if something else might change. It could be dangerous.”
Loki’s eyes flicker over the weapons arrayed like peacock feathers. He looks thoughtful, and Tony’s stomach sinks.
Old for Tony; new for Steve.
Clint is silent for a brief moment, then: “point to Steve. So, Loki: going to get up close and personal.”
“Ignoring the part where you’re sketching all the time, you let me in to your workshop. Figured I’d offer up mine.”
TS: Tony.
“Sure am,” Tony replies, cheerfully. “You planning to discipline me?”
“Just getting started,” Tony replies
There’s a dull slam of impact and Steve’s hard breath over the comms.
“I’m allowed to have interests other than shooting bad guys with arrows.”
Tony hands over $100. “I don’t need change. Call it a donation.”
“Yeah, well.” Tony shrugs. “Can’t know everything. Hey, you want to help me with something?”
Steve takes it. “Steve. He/him.”
“Great,” Steve says, but even he can tell it sounds unconvincing. “Any luck with a reversal spell?”
Steve looks surprised. “Those are still around?”
“I would’ve been a dick and still messed it all up,” Tony interjects gently.
Tony drops his other hand to brace against Steve’s chest and steps closer. “Hey.”
The first opportunity arrives at a press circuit Hill and Pepper had scheduled weeks ago. About halfway through their usual questions, one reporter stands up. He’s new to these briefings, but always asks questions that dig a little deeper than their usual good-PR-fluff.
His throat is tight, so all Tony can manage is a nod. Steve kisses him again and again, until Tony is dizzy with it, his chest swooping with a feeling better than the first looping flight over the Hudson, better than that deep exhale after
“Yeah,” Tony mutters, chewing his lower lip. “Guess I’ve still got that.”
“You’re a complicated star-spangled man,” Tony tells him. “Seriously, what is it about this game? Explain it to me. I’ll listen. Maybe.”
“You’re brilliant, Tony,” Steve repeats. “So much more brilliant than Howard ever was. When I see any of Howard in you, it’s that part. Ten years ahead of the rest of us and fearless.”
In fairness, that is exactly what the picture shows.
From the look Steve sends over his shoulder, Tony assumes he is not terribly successful. Steve pushes himself back to his feet and continues into the en suite bathroom.
“You’re on the clock, Rogers. The Stark Industries one.”
body, Tony. Just a different, well...” his mouth twitches into a brief smile. “Assignment.”
The computer blueprints aren’t helping him work, so Tony gets out a corkboard and starts printing things. Maybe the old-fashioned problem needs old-fashioned problem-solving techniques.
“And you and I have some serious issues on how quickly we jump to the sacrifice play.”
Steve blinks. Tony’s head is tipped back, eyes on the ceiling. Thor leans further over the back of the sofa, growing more intrigued by the game.
Tony huffs an amused laugh. “Always about the training with you. Go get changed, all right? Bruce is back and wants to run some tests and you smell like you did a lap in the Hudson.”
“Anything in the arena of big red button that will ensure mutual destruction?”
“More dangerous than you not having our backs?”
Tony turns back to the Switch, pulling up a screen above him that’s filled with notes that begin logically enough (“Tom Nook: upgrades house, undersells on bugs. Wait for Flick”; “Scorpions appear in evening”) and then descend into chaos (“Eugene is Barton”; “Exile Gigi, fat-shamed Boomer”; and “Gulliver needs latest Stark phone”).
The street fair is an unexpected burst of color and sound as Steve turns a corner. He slows to a walk, crossing through it. There are a few tents already assembled and several others in various states of completion. Rainbow flags wave cheerfully from every available surface, fluttering in the gentle morning breeze. There are others in various stripes; Steve recognizes most of them, but a few are new. He notes the colors to Google later.
“Okay,” Tony says. He glances up, scanning Steve’s outfit. “You need to look gayer.”
before, Tony.”
He really ought to pay for that damage, Steve thinks distantly. He swallows hard and braces himself for Tony’s frown.
Howard winces, but he’s grinning. “Sorry, pal. Not made for someone your size.”
“I’ll be sure to do that,” Steve replies dryly.
“Uniform’s a little bulky. Could obstruct my movement,” Steve says.
“What,” Tony begins.
so that ritual does not take effect.”
Steve, Tony notices, has absolutely terrible posture when he plays video games. He sinks back into the couch like it could swallow him up and burp out an American flag, slouches down until his head is almost level with the back.
Despite everything—the fight with Steve, his time-traveling father, all the worst parts of him spilling out once more—Tony grins under the faceplate. He’ll take a compliment on the suit any day.
“You chase down enough for the class?”
“Hey, guys?” Scott interrupts, his voice booming from where towers over them. “I know I’m new and everything, but this seems like something we should maybe talk out before an epic battle?”
“What kind of opening bid is that?” Tony mutters, stuffing the note in his jacket pocket.
“Turn off the tactical tracker, would ya,” Tony says around the marker cap clenched in his teeth as he follows Steve in. “I can hear the Morse code tapping away up there.”
Steve hands Tony the note back. “You done for the evening?”
“Tony—”
Then, the cavalry arrives.
“Made for a good front-page shot, though. Our children’s children will thank us. Safely preserving for future generations the ass that would make anyone salute and sign up to defend Earth.”
“Well, you know me. I never back down from a challenge.”
“Never thought much about it,” Steve replies. “Knowing a person first always seemed most important.”
Steve nods tightly. “Well. Guess we’ll have to hit them all.”
It’s mostly clothes and old file boxes. He gropes in the very back, his fingers touching metal. Tony pulls, glimpsing something red and thinks it must be an old-fashioned first aid kid, the kind that still came in metal cases. But no, when he gets a better grip on it, it’s a single round of metal. A shield.
I really love thinking about what pop culture artifacts Steve would pick up/be given to summarize the past 7 decades. (The War Games reference in Winter Soldier makes me laugh every time.) Seemed like Nora Ephron was a safe bet.
TS: No? I’m not just a loose end?
In the photograph, Steve and Tony are walking through the street festival, wreathed by Pride flags. Steve is laughing and turned towards Tony at his side, his arm slung around Tony’s hips. The bisexual flag is visible on Steve’s cheek. Tony grins back at Steve. He’s wearing a shirt they scrounged up after an incident involving rainbow shaved ice, a hula hoop, and Tony’s determination to best Steve at something.
He hears the slick whisper of Steve’s shield through the air and the smooth thunk of it ricocheting back. The problem is, the Lokis just keep coming, more of them appearing even as he, Steve, and Thor mow them down.
Steve sighs.
naps!”
Tony swallows hard, knowing there’s only one person in the center of that particular Venn Diagram.
“No, it’s fine,” Steve replies. “It’s the media coverage about me and Tony. It bugs Tony, but I don’t care much. Honestly, I’d rather not give away more parts of who I am to the general public.”
There’s a difference now, of course. Tony is tense and unhappy, his space suddenly haunted by his father. It hurts to see that sharp-edged bright smile on his face here, the one Tony uses for press conferences and other places where he has to schmooze and pretend he likes the assholes who thought his kidnapping was an opportunity to seize a piece of Stark Industries.
Tony used to think the old man was paranoid—now, he’s grateful for the foresight. He tucks the taser into a side pocket within easy reach and quietly slips out of his office.
“I don’t believe you.”
Steve looks surprised. “
“Degas.”
“Apologize by helping me out in the lab this weekend.”
“I don’t believe you,” Tony mutters, scandalized across the comms as they work. “Never?”
Clint glares at him. “Anyway. There were shooting stars—it’s a big deal, Stark, shut up—and now she’s been doing time resets to make up for all the events she missed.”
“William Gibson might argue with you on that.”
“Having faith that you see something deserving our attention is not the same as disagreeing with you on how to address it.”
For Steve Rogers, there was a before. For Tony Stark, there was just always.
Tony turns and walks down the hall.
Steve barks out a surprised laugh. “You calling me a flying car, Romanov?”
“Made my own family. Such as it is.”
Steve clears his throat, aiming for casual. “What did you hear?”
Steve sighs. “Yes, Tony, I’ve been reading the packets you’re sending me.”
“Great. Anyway, I don’t give a fuck what the gossip circuit is gonna cook up this time around. If you’re not there, it won’t cut down on the lies they invent. If you are there, at least the lies will have some semblance of truth and—most likely—be less caustic because no one can make up mean stuff about you and not promptly burst into flames.”
“No fair,” Tony mutters into the pillow.
“Yep. Nice flowers, though. You should see if you can collect seeds from them. Avengers collectibles or something in-game. Marketing or PR opportunity. Distract the press.”
The man laughs. In his previous body, a sharp word and what Tony calls his Disappointed Captain Stare would be enough. In this one, Steve twists, jams his shoulder into the creep’s middle, and ruins a beautiful window flower box when he dumps the guy into it.
“Oh yeah? What’s that?”
“Aren't you like a...space prince?” Tony asks. “No trust fund to go along with that?”
Then he’s nudging Tony’s chin up, and Steve’s mouth is warm against his, kissing Tony like he has all day to pin Tony against this wall and short-circuit his brain.
Howard nods, taking this in. “Guess you’re just taking the long way around.”
“I don’t understand,” Thor says. “What was amiss with that serve?”
“Dancing. The thing where you move your feet, except it’s faster than walking and slower than running.”
Howard’s expression is smooth, but Steve can see the way his hands are shoved in his pockets, the slightly wild look as he tries to process what Tony is explaining at a quick pace. Steve feels a deep satisfaction at that—he and Howard got along fine, but Howard did have a tendency to talk down to Steve. Even if he had survived to the new millennium, Tony would have outpaced him at least a decade before. It’s dizzying, sometimes, to have that focus entirely on you.
“You,” Tony says. “You’re good. I mean, I thought you might be, what with how good you are in the field, but dancing. It’s your white whale.”
His hair is sticking up everywhere. Between the pomade he’s been wearing and the recent activities that required Tony yank on said hair, Steve’s got a ‘do that would have been extremely fashionable in 2000.
“This scroll contains a spell to change assignment,” Thor says. “Judging from our good captain’s example here, ‘assignment’ appears to refer to Midgardian sex assigned at birth. Not alignment, as my brother has mistakenly read”—here a pointed look at Loki—“presumably thinking this an attempt to turn someone to the side of good or evil. This scroll is rather light on details; I expect there is another with further information.”
“You’re a dream,” she says and kisses his cheek. “Thank you.”
Steve’s grin is slow and full of promise. “I’m counting on it.”
“You think I’m going to mess around with this? I’m not sure if you realize, but if we screw this up, I'm out of a job.”
“If you think my old man’s any kind of ballpark for sangfroid, then I’m going to have JARVIS scan you for a brain injury.”
Steve shoots him a look.
“Makes you look like a serial killer.”
“Spin,” Tony commands, and Steve does. “You’ve got a great ass, Steve, but you’d never know it in that uniform SHIELD designed for you. Now, people can know.”
“So how does it work?” Tony asks, standing on the other side of Steve’s door and studying him as if he were an interesting bit of tangled wiring.
Figures, Tony thinks to himself with an eyeroll. He always did get it bad for blonds who saw right though his bullshit.
“Not a peach fan, then?”
“Okay, okay.” Steve is laughing. “I’ll concede the point, Tony.”
“I have a theory that Steve’s too bullheaded to die.”
“You with me?” he asks, nearly a whisper.
Steve releases Tony once they’ve made their way to a park and lets him put his shoes on. He holds out a bottle of sunscreen. Tony stares at the bottle, then meets Steve’s gaze.
Tony can’t argue with that, so he kisses Steve instead. Steve rolls right into the makeout session without so much as a noise of surprise, his fingers gripping Tony’s ass in a way that makes Tony gasp and do some of his own pawing in return.
Steve shoots a look at Tony, who shrugs.
It’s a rare thing to have the Tower to himself, what with having five roommates and another set of four people who cycle through almost daily. Steve likes the pulse of the Tower and the city below, even if some people look skeptical when he says so. They tell him they figure he would prefer the quiet, what with his background and how loud this century is. Steve smiles politely and changes the subject, because it’s not good manners to bring up Brooklyn tenements or trenches, the stillness that creeps into your bones just before gunfire and shells.
It’s well-furnished but there isn’t much decor. There’s a hallway leading to a handful of closed doors, a well-sized sitting room, and a kitchen with room enough for a small bistro table and two chairs to be tucked into an alcove.
Tony spins around, frowning at Steve. “I don’t really need this star-spangled man with a family plan pep talk, Cap.”
“Oh, you’re awake,” Fury interrupts from the door. “Can you walk, Stark?”
“Oh, gross, Widow, those are our dads!” Peter exclaims. “I mean—no, our captains—captain dads—”
“It says here you two were out on cleaning duty,” Clint offers, reading over Steve’s shoulder. “Just bros being bros, giving dudes a lift home.”
“You know I think that would be best,” Tony manages in a strangled voice just before he grabs Steve’s face and yanks him down into a kiss.
“Disconnecting and running diagnostic now. Best of luck, sir.”
“Changing the time on the Switch. Lets you go back days or hours.”
Steve gives him an arch grin. He rests his palm gently on Tony’s chest, the curve between thumb and forefinger just below the arc reactor, and leans in to kiss him slow and quiet. The goddamn tease. Tony wraps whatever limbs he can around Steve and yanks, feeling Steve laugh into his mouth as he gives in, collapsing on top of Tony.
Next to him, Nat is nodding as if it’s obvious. She watches the Villager version of Clint, named Lucky, as he explores his new home. An elephant wearing a racing uniform and helmet emblazoned with a giant 3 introduces himself as Big Top and calls Villager Lucky “villain.”
“Contract’s a contract.”
By the time Fury arrives, they’ve wrapped up the background and Steve has answered as many of Howard’s questions he’s sure he can safely.
“You know, I don’t remember Erskine warning me about the increased metabolism,” Steve says with a wry smile.
“Really? Even.” He waves a hand vaguely over Steve’s form. “Changed?”
In the weeks after Howard’s intensive-therapy-inducing visit, Tony keeps waiting for a change. A memory that wasn’t his before to appear suddenly or Steve vanishing and another Steve two decades older walking into the workshop to (re)introduce himself. Maybe several boxes of his debut science fiction novel,
“Okay,” he says and barely has time to get his feet under him when Steve shoves him out the door.
T’Challa raises an eyebrow. “Shall we?”
Steve snorts. “You remember he’s your son, right?”
Steve smiles slow and warm. Tony feels a black hole open up in his chest.
Tony doesn’t look over at him. Steve had been there when he woke up with an awful taste in the back of his throat and bandages wrapped from palm to shoulder. A bad burn from when the tech he’d been tinkering with had a sudden electric surge and blew out. He doesn’t remember anything after that.
“Dinner sounds good.” Steve slips an arm around Tony, pulling him closer. “And I like normal.”
“Didn’t think you’d miss the little guy.” Tony meant it to be a question.
“Thanks, Tony.” Steve folds his arms, leans one hip against a table. “You can come by some time. To the class.”
“One question,” Tony says, turning around when he steps inside the elevator. “You really wouldn’t be upset if I signed you up to pose nude for a calendar? Be honest with me.”
Steve glances up.
Or, this moment, after: waking up in the gauzy early morning when Steve usually left for his runs and finding Steve still curled into his shoulder, deeply asleep.
Steve huffs, amused. “So, what, you gonna fit me for this new rig?”
"I don't like what 'uneaten' implies about the other options."
Carter tries to smile. “Like I said: it’s a long story. We need to focus on getting out of here.”
know about that conversation?” Steve gripes.
Steve snorts a laugh and rolls, pressing Tony into the mattress and hitching Tony’s legs up around his waist. “I can be very persuasive.”
Tony lays back on Steve’s bed, tugs Steve over him. Steve nuzzles up the line of Tony’s throat, tucking his nose behind Tony’s ear. Steve takes deep, determinedly even breaths as he lets his hands learn the planes of Tony’s body, the angles he knows so well by sight. He dreamed, once, of taking Tony to bed after a battle, how Steve could make Tony forget the rest of the world for a time, given the chance. He’d put that all away in a tightly-sealed box after Steve learned what Bucky’d been forced to do, only let himself peek inside during those worst nights on the run. Sometimes, Steve thinks he could have stopped Tony from making Ultron, if only Tony could see Earth already had her armor with them together.
“I’m just supposed to trust you? After the lying? That you called
“Hey,” Steve interrupts. “Eyes front, Stark.”
Steve just smiles, stepping into Tony’s space. “I figured that’d be your territory. What with the suit.”
Steve jerks back, surprise stark on his face. It softens after a breath and he rests a hand on Tony’s chest, thumb rubbing the edge of the scarring there.
Steve crosses the room, pulling something from behind a filing cabinet. “Part of one.”
“Tony—”
Tony’s eyes fly open. “A
It’s supposed to be a routine mission, just like all the others they’ve been sent on in the months after they all returned to the Tower. Their intel is bad. One of the rogue Hydra agents gets in a lucky shot, and Steve goes over the railing.
“Let go of me. I won’t warn you again.”
“If I live,” Steve says very quietly, “I promise.”
“Steve,” Tony hears himself say and spins his stool to face Steve.
“Everyone on that show,” Steve says emphatically, “is an asshole.”
Steve grabs his wrist and tucks Tony’s hand between their chests. “I might be seventy years out of date but I’m fairly certain that’s still frowned upon in public,” he says sternly, but there’s a heat in his gaze.
Steve turns an impressive shade of red. Behind him, Tony chokes back a burst of laughter.
He holds his arm tucked against his stomach the whole way back.
Tony turns it over. Worn-in leather loops on the back. Red, white, and blue emblazoned on the front, a star at the center of the bullseye. If it’s not the real thing, it’s a hell of a convincing replica.
“Don’t do that,” Tony says.
“Steven Grant Rogers,” Tony begins in mock outrage. “Did you ask your female teammate to use her
“Guess you’ll have to be content with the millions you have.”
“Think we should be worried about a sudden band of severe thunderstorms in the area?” Tony asks Steve under his breath.
“What is it with people with PhDs?” Clint grouches.
“What happens in my bedroom is none of your business!” Tony snaps, flipping the faceplate up.
“Seems that way,” he murmurs just as he sees Tony start to calculate the best way to wriggle free and shove Steve up against one of the metal tables. “Want me to make a more thorough check?”
GC: Tony.
“Twelve,” Nat calls from where she’s painting her toenails on the sidelines. “I’m on your team, right, Stark?”
Howard doesn’t break his stare. Neither does Steve. The difference is, Steve’s is soft around the edges. As if a line in the sand is a statement of fact, not an attack.
“The ballerinas?”
Steve smiles and picks up Tony’s tie from the floor. “There a problem?”
Tony stops, a breath away from Steve’s parted lips. Tony Stark never kissed anyone unless they asked and even the threat of what he’s worked so hard for being cleaved in two won’t change that. Steve is tense under his grip, the drag of his breath studiously even. Most days, Tony would shove until Steve shoved back, but this matters more than anything they’ve clashed on before.
Tony turns, a look of deep suspicion on his face. “Oh yeah? What’s the cost?”
The picture, Steve notes with amusement, is not much more suggestive than any previous photographs of him and Tony together. This one is just after Tony kissed him on stage. In the picture, Tony grins at Steve, Steve’s tie still wrapped around his hand. Steve is grinning back, his cheeks flushed and his hand on Tony’s hip. They look unmistakably and entirely smitten.
“I took the liberty of doing so.”
“Well,” he says, finally. “Looks like your ride’s here, pops.”
“Tony,” Steve begins and Tony realizes the silence has lain thick between them.
“Why does it matter, Tony?” Steve asks and he looks bone-tired. “What’s the use of dragging up old ghosts?”
“I try not to think about it,” Steve replies.
Tony thinks, staring at the wall in front of him,
Steve tugs him back and into a firm, lingering kiss. “Our team,” he corrects.
Occasionally, he gets a glance of Tony across the room. He’s relaxed—actually relaxed. The dancing is like breathing for him: the easy way he moves into a different step, how he’s always there to catch the follow out of a turn. Tony’s grinning, joy radiating off of him.
Steve almost squeezes the controllers flat. Tony stands behind him in a rumpled Metallica t-shirt and jeans with burn marks Steve will be asking about later.
“It sounded better in my head,” Tony defends.
“This game is weird,” Nat says and gets off the sofa. “Have fun building your island home, nerds.”
“Something like that.”
“Maybe those USO days aren’t entirely behind you,” Tony murmurs with a smirk. “Fine performance, Captain.”
He leaves the workshop, Tony staring in stunned silence after him.
Tony shakes his head. “Nope, I need you here to make sure things don’t go up in flames while I’m gone, and the less you know, the easier you can stay out of… whatever this is.”
“No,” Steve agrees. “But this is the first time it yanked someone forward in time.”
Fury, Tony notices, has crossed the room. Probably so he doesn’t get hit when Rogers clocks Tony.
“Where's the second scroll?” Steve asks Loki.
Steve had said.
on a whim.
“You knew what thirst trap meant already!”
The look Steve gives him is an excellent impression of the face Tony made when Steve needed an overview on how to use the smart thermostat in his room.
The door behind them splinters again and breaks.
“You have a contract with SHIELD,” Nat replies. “Can’t kick us out while we’re all Avengers.”
Steve swallows a few times, but: “okay.”
“I mean it,” Tony mutters between the kisses turning ragged with their breath. “Very bad man.”
Steve kisses him again, a touch more heat in this one. “What was that about a smart mouth?” he asks against Tony’s lips.
Howard’s voice slices through the memory. “Steve—I—”
No one’s close enough to hear him, but Tony can still feel some curious gazes on his back. Normally, he’d charm and socialize but normally, he has not also had an uncensored view of Steve Rogers.
“He says it’s relaxing.”
Steve looks away sharply, his jaw clenched. Tony frowns. Even in his worst moods, Steve responds to Tony’s casual flirting—an exasperated sigh, a quick smile. It’s the pattern they’d settled into once they’d both stopped trying to prove something to the other one. On the best days, Steve lobs a retort back almost before Tony finishes a sentence.
“You’re gonna pay for this, Rogers.”
Tony makes himself walk, holding a hand out as he gets closer. “Tony Stark,” he says.
“Oh,” says Steve. “Did I get the wrong one, then?”
“Hey,” Tony pouts. “You’re supposed to be on my side, Banner.”
“You are certain?”
“Wait—Tony.” Steve sighs. “You don’t look like you’ve eaten. Why don’t you join me? It’ll be ready in another few minutes.”
“There’s something else we have in common,” Steve had replied and here’s Tony’s workshop, ready for him.
“Yeah. It’s really all about the chase, though, you know?”
“You cast a spell without knowing its full power?” Thor demands, incredulous. “Do you not remember what our mother always taught us about using magic?”
Tony shrugs, circling the pit to where Steve stands. “A hunch. Maybe you’d be back.” He grins, crooked. “I have a thing for longshots.”
and they tumble backwards into Steve’s room.
“Thanks, Bruce,” Steve says and leaves before Tony can make any more jokes.
Everyone, Tony suspects, has wondered how Captain America kisses. Sweet, close-lipped kisses, all tenderness and protection. A snooze. What people forget is it’s Steve Rogers under that cowl of propriety. A scrappy kid from Brooklyn who had plenty of lessons on life being tragically cut short even before Project Rebirth. Who once he had his teeth in something, wouldn’t let it go.
“We were in a war,” Howard says, as if that answers the question.
“I thought you said it was a waste of time. 'Who would want to play a game where all you do is everyday tasks.'”
“Oh for fuck’s sake,” Tony says, exasperated. “Not you, too.”
“Not hear, per se,” Tony says.
“I have not,” Loki replies, offended. “I read it perfectly, and I’ve heard your Middle English. Your accent is atrocious.”
“Peachy,” Tony mutters.
“You tried talking to him yet?” Bruce holds up his hands at Steve’s sharp look. “Yeah, sorry I asked.”
Next to him, Tony lets out a long breath. “Steve. Do me a favor and make sure I’m still solid.”
Villager Bruce opens the present; a tea table appears. He and Nat cheer. Tony glances back over his shoulder to catch Steve sitting up and smiling at the three of them.
“Oh, well, learn something new every day.”
When Steve tucks his chin against his chest, Tony feels warmth bloom in his own, a twist of long-buried attraction unfurling.
Nobody could read him like Bucky. Then Bucky was gone.
“I’ll come up with something.”
“Okay, fine, it wasn’t my best line, but give me a break! I was up trying to figure out that prototype for Clint’s bow, plus the new designs for Pepper on—stop laughing!”
being gaslit at the same time.” Tony runs his hands through his hair. “No one would ever believe he wasn’t a good father, you know. That I wasn’t the luckiest bastard on Earth to be his son.”
“Try not to let them break anything,” she says to Steve.
He finds him front and center, greeting people from behind a welcome table. Tony waits until the current rush of people passes and Steve spots him.
That earns him a laugh. “Between the team, we don’t usually have leftovers on hand.”
“Who is—no, never mind.” Steve shakes off the tangent. “What the hell are you talking about?”
Steve slides smoothly out of Tony’s grip. “I’m not, perfect, Tony,” he says, cleaning up the first-aid supplies and putting them away. “I don’t expect you to be, either.”
“What the hell’s going on?” Tony demands. He can’t turn, especially now that Thor’s guard is down. “Steve, tell me you haven’t been turned into a giant frog, and I have to kiss you to break the enchantment. Or a swan and I have to…”
“Assess me. Like I’m some kind of tactical challenge.”
Steve seems to consider this. “Point taken, Stark.”
This chapter's a little sadder.  CW for street harassment and body dysphoria for both Project Rebirth and the spell.
Steve’s hands are on Tony’s wrists and there’s a cinch of fabric.
“Got me by surprise,” Steve grits out. “Couldn’t get the shield under me.”
“Then there’s a SHIELD agent who’s very good at their job.” Tony pauses. “Or your job. Someone’s job. Anyway. Can’t win ‘em all. Besides, if anyone asks for details, we’re covered. Clint already planned our dream wedding. Literal dream. Hey, where’d you get the specs for that farmhouse, anyway?”
It’s almost overwhelming to have now what he thought he’d forever missed his chance at—again, again—Tony repeating Steve’s name like an incantation. Steve kisses a line along Tony’s jaw until he finds his mouth again, murmuring half-phrases lost in their hitched breaths.
“My shoulder, Tony. I need you to help me realign it.”
Now, Steve pushes himself up.
Steve lifts an eyebrow. “Are you saying I’m too much for you to handle?”
“Ah. And after?”
The bandage looks fresh and although Tony has his arm resting carefully across his chest, he doesn’t look like it’s causing him any pain. Steve decides to leave it for now.
“Good evening, Captain Rogers. Your usual cooking playlist, I presume?”
“How’s your arm?” he asks, sitting on the edge of cushion by Tony’s feet.
Tony turns to Steve. “We’re going dancing.”
He claps Tony’s shoulder and leaves.
“Where would we put the stripes?” Tony asks. “There’d be riots in the streets.”
“Are you worried about the playboy part or the genius part?”
Tony has barely finished the sentence before Steve’s fingers slip into his jeans.
“Oh,” Tony says, his throat thick. “Well, that’s…oh.”
“I’m familiar with it.”
“You’re Steve Rogers. Captain America.”
“Surprised you didn’t claim this room,” Tony tells Steve one visit.
“Uh huh.”
“You know, I’m too old for fooling around on a tile floor, but I’m reconsidering,” Tony muses.
Steve smiles, rueful. “Well, Romanov made it look so fun last time.”
“Wasn’t really part of the orientation in the 40s.”
“See? All here.”
Steve coughs, covering a laugh. He ducks his head, studying the article again.
If he hadn’t invented the Iron Man or War Machine suits, this, Tony thinks, would be his finest work.
Steve closes his eyes and takes a long, slow breath. “Don’t.”
“Beats running over someone’s foot with a mower.”
“You got a plan there?”
By the time Howard leaves, Steve’s hands ache and there’s a stack of sketches two inches thick.
Howard holds up a hand. “I’ve made mistakes, Steve. It’s clear I’ll continue to make them. Stark family tradition.” He nods towards Tony. “The only thing he gets from me is he’s a scrappy bastard. Christ, look what he’s built.”
“I’m sorry, isn’t everything with you some kind of opportunity to be a good American?”
Pepper smiles that terrifying smile of hers, and Tony enjoys the startled look on Steve’s face.
“Then what, Steve?”
“Tony.”
Tony’s there a few moments later. “You okay?”
“Sure,” Steve says, a small smile on his face. “Five minutes.”
Steve has just called their moves over the comms when the whole thing blows up. They’re outside of the blast radius, just tripping the proximity alerts on a series of mannequin traps, but some kind of particle coats the professor. When the air clears, the professor is gone.
“Nat,” Steve groans.
“Steve,” Tony says without turning around, a touch of exasperation in his voice. “You don’t have to monitor us so closely. Disappearing photograph, remember?”
He can’t look at it too closely, how Steve gave everything and this is the first time he’s ever asked for anything. Even if it is a big ask. Tony sees a flash of him again in that ridiculous getup, standing in the wreck of New York, and all Tony had wanted to do was dip him and give him the Times-Square-victory kiss Steve had never gotten a chance to have.
Howard sweeps a look from the boots to the helmet and wolf-whistles.
Thor nods and leaps into the air.
“What’s the other way?”
“Escaped.”
Steve eyes him. “You’re making fun of me.”
“Hey soldier,” Tony says when Steve comes back around to him. “Learning some new tactics?”
Steve earned his reputation as a master strategist for a reason, Tony will remember later, and he can outplay even the forward-thinking chaotic-good futurist Tony Stark.
Tony's eyes fly open. “I…uh. What.”
Tony nods, then turns to face Steve. “Want to watch something? We can order in.”
“Uh huh,” Steve replies.
“Well, you know, the Eisenstaedt photograph. The one in Times Square on V-J Day of the sailor and dental assistant. With the”—Tony pretends to dip someone. “Don’t tell me we’ve got seven decades of photography to cover, too.”
“Sorry,” Steve says, his voice thickly Brooklyn and rough from sleep. “Sometimes I forget”—and he makes a gesture that Tony assumes means
Steve rolls over and layers kisses along the back of Tony’s shoulder, neck, and down his spine until Tony is wriggling under him.
“I’d like to talk with you more.”
“It was educational,” Steve says. “I never knew you could hide that many weapons in a bikini.”
“Could’ve,” Bucky agreed, leaning back on one of the jeeps, gaze drifting up. “But you’re a private fella, Steve. Getting you to admit any weakness is like pulling teeth—even when a fever put you on your ass for a week.”
“I hate all of you so fucking much,” Tony proclaims.
“No, that’s it,” Tony says, only half-attempting to wriggle away. “I cannot be seen with someone who makes puns—nope, that’s not the Stark Industries brand.”
There’s a funny swooping feeling in Steve’s chest and he nearly kisses Tony right there. But then Tony slaps a nametag on the center of Steve’s chest.
Tony is kind of freaking out. Nudity has never bothered him—well, not within the last two decades, anyway—but this is Steve. Captain America. Standing up on a platform like a goddamn classical statue and Tony’s head is swimming—
Tony surges forward again. “God damn it,” he says between kisses. “We haven’t even—”
“You’re running out of time, Captain,” the woman replies. “Make sure you shut the door behind you to keep out the draft.”
Steve could recognize a pro manipulator when he saw one. You got to see an awful lot when folks thought you were nothin’. It ate at him to fall in with Fury’s unspoken order. But the shaken look on Tony’s face pulled him from his seat, to follow after, to suit up. It was what he needed to do, and so he did it. Same as always.
“Steve, for fuck’s sake. Save the afterschool special, will you? My father—my garbage, neglectful father—has
"Not together with your Steve?"
And then they start bonding over iron man and captain america, Steve's coffee, and Tony helping Steve with math :3
~~~~~
After lunch was served and T’Challa mentioned that he had to get ready for his return home, Rogers asked, “Have your people heard anything about exotic animal smuggling?”
"The shady tech wasn't a clue?" Tony pushes a few buttons and checks the readings.
kinda a loose interpretation i know
"Okay. No propositioning is happening until you call Reed and figure something out." Steve says firmly though he's smiling at both of them. "You need me here for the call?"
But then again, Steve had long since learned how much people were rooting for them. He kissed the top of Tony’s head and held him tight and thought of how lucky he was.
~~~~~
Tony fumbles his way around, cutting power from the various consoles and computer banks. It’s only after everything has been switched off that he notices that the portal is still humming, like a machine running on low power.
"We're coming, Tony. Don't get shot down."
“Right. I can meet her at the New Explorers’ Club to assess the situation first. Then you can come in.”
He gets a hug and kiss on the cheek from Natasha, a clap both shoulders from Clint, a hug from Sam and Bruce, and a slap on the back from Bucky.
Steve bent down to see a dinosaur curled up in a cage, laying on a few scraps of paper with an empty water bowl nearby. He pushed a finger through the bars to touch the dino. Its skin was far too cool to the touch and it squawked weakly as Steve patted it. He looked worriedly at Sam, who was already looking for a source of water.
“One of the highest duties of the king of Wakanda is to protect and preserve our vibranium sources. I take it personally when I hear about misplaced vibranium. I would like to retrieve the missing ore.”
“Ships. Men. Crates, tents, supplies. Camp with wooden buildings and a dock. Like a real port town,” Clint described.
another fill for r2~
“Trying to find a rock. A sharp rock. See any around?”
“There -- look at those crates.” Nakia pointed to the stacks of cargo on the dock as she lowered her binoculars. “They have Wankandan markings.”
As for Tony’s people, Steve wasn’t all that sold on them because he didn’t know them very well even after the air hip travel. Since they left Wakanda, people had been confined to quarters because of the unsettled weather and the need to get their sea legs. As far as Steve could tell, they all were very dedicated science people and likely be trustworthy and not in his way as he investigated.
Urgh. Why is he even thinking about this at all? He's never had a good track record with relationships. Best to just keep this to himself. Steve deserves better than an ex-arms dealer with blood in his hands.
“I’m getting to be an expert in Steve Rogers maintenance.” Tony bent over to pat Redwing. “How’s our girl?”
“Oh?”
Tony exchanged a look with Rogers, who had the same look on his face. Rogers handed a dino treat to Tony, who unthinkingly fed it to Redwing.
“Do you trust me?” Tony asked breathlessly.
“Carol could come,” Tony blurted out.
“You held us together from start to finish, Steve. We wouldn’t have gotten this far without you.”
~~~~~
"Two Iron Men!!!" A floating ugly head is screeching. "What is this trickery?"
“Dr. Pym,” Tony replied. Tony had inherited Pym’s intense dislike for the senior Stark along with the family title, business and property.
Finally Redwing staggered to her feet. She chirped at Tony before following Rogers out the door.
The whole street was busy with people out enjoying the sweet summer evening. They had been seated outside, which Sam loved. He loved people watching and flirting when he could. Steve sipped his wine and listened to Sam point out people in the street and the carriages rumbling by.
"Whatever helps you sleep at night, Stark."
Except that magic was involved. Magic was a dirty word among scientists, for good reason. But Erskine knew that Red Skull, Hydra’s leading general, was blending both magic and science in all his new technologies. Fight fire with fire, Steve guessed. It didn’t quite work out the way that Phillips had planned when Erskine was assassinated.
Rogers had a pinched look on his face. “Yes, well. Are you here to see the show?”
“Dinosaurs exist in the Savage Land.”
“When they are free.”
~~~~~
Steve had spent the last thirty years and a bit trapped in a magical stasis, for a long enough time that his friends had moved on well into middle age with their children grown and nearer to Steve’s own age. Indeed, Tony Stark hadn’t even been a gleam in Howard’s eye when Steve fell into the void.
“What did you want to see me about?” Rogers said, drawing up to his full height and dropping any semblance of informality.
square T1, questionable decision-making process. note: alcoholism warning
"Perhaps the time will come sooner than you think. I once came upon a world where some of us were villains and Steve was still frozen in ice. But despite the odds, we still joined forces in the end."
Steve hangs back until everyone's done then, like the parting of the Red Sea, everyone makes way for him. He smiles at Tony, eyes taking him in like he's making sure he's really okay.
For once, Rogers was not awkwardly standing or looking lost. Even though he was clad in civilian dress, he acted like a military officer, efficient in actions and words. Tony had not seen this side of him before -- the side that all the history books portrayed.
Steve’s offer hangs over his head, and he can't decide if he's excited or scared. It will be a once in a lifetime experience. If nothing happens with him and his Sheriff, at least he'll have this. Even if it's a different Steve, in a different universe.
“Are -- are those dinosaurs outfitted with Gatling guns?” Tony asked, pointing to the thirty-odd dinosaurs below them.
“Are you sure this isn’t going to cause a problem at Empire State?” Tony asked his friend sitting next to him. Scott Lang had found a collection of random chairs all over the ship for the science team’s use.
“True. I don’t know Directory Fury as well as you do.”
“An explorer, from what I’ve been told.” Tony drummed his fingers on the table. “Bruce and I can handle any sciencing that comes up. I’m assuming that Pym has given you a list of specimens to collect. Wait -- are any of King T’Challa’s people joining us?”
“Besides Nakia -- who knows Wakandan?”
“As you all know, I have already explained that I am trying to find out who has been stealing Pym equipment.”
He handed the letter over to Sam. “Take a look.”
“The same as you?”
winged au doodle as a fill for square S5, ‘Flight’ !:D
“Sure looks like a pet to me.”
by Phenominable_Snowman, of their fic's alternate-universe Captain America!Tony who wound up in the 616 universe.
“Not to worry.” Tony walked over to a tent. “I bet you I can rig up a flying machine. There has to be parts around here. You go and find a hot air balloon -- they must have one for locating the dinos.”
Steve made a general announcement to the expedition to pack up their cabins and get ready for landing. Secretly he hoped that their arrival would be problem-free.
"It's so good to have you back."
Steve pats his back and hugs him a second longer. "Maybe next time you'll bring Sheriff Oblivious with you."
“Dinosaur pet?” Tony asked. “I didn’t know you’d want one --”
“I know people who would. Like Justin Hammer.”
features: scars because it makes sense :) (steve has some on his neck too, if you look carefully, but tony’s are more obvious), and robot/claw-like hand!
Everyone looked at each other. “Aw, cripes, I can read a room,” Tony muttered. “Guess we’ll have to bring back something for the museum to cover up all the espionage. We’re going to sell a ton of tickets for the Annual Dinner, no one is going to want to miss this one.”
“Yes,” Tony admits after a moment, just loud enough to be heard. Shit.
, featuring AVAC steve and tony! idk, magical hijinks or drunken bet? either way they dont remember
“Tony,” Tony replied.
“Studied meteorology somewhere -- I didn’t catch the name of the college.”
“Are you sure?”
That’s when Steve noticed the people selling dinosaur eggs and the cages filled with small dinosaurs. He put a hand on her arm. “Miss Maximoff -- this --”
"What did they think it was?" Tony asks, curious. The energy is very similar to the power core some of the Kree use on their ships, but he won't know for sure unless he moves closer. So he does.
“I could use a botanist.”
“Only if you’re interested,” Steve replies quietly. “Tony is curious, that’s all. And I’ll admit to being a bit too.”
“Not as much variety. Like a velociraptor for a pet -- people want those.”
Then there was the day that Steve, Thor, Sam, and Scott were building a wall to protect the camp from wandering animals. A low wall, just enough to dissuade them away from the camp. Tony sat under an umbrella enjoying the shade with his new ward, Redwing. Redwing never strayed far from Steve if she could help it. Tony threw a ball to her and she dragged it back.
"Belay that Jarvis." Steve hurriedly interrupts making them laugh.
“Thank you for staying.”
It takes another two days before Reed tells them the portal is safe to use. Both Steve and Stark there during calibration, the former insisting he be present so that the three scientists don't get carried away and run through the portal yelling 'For science!'
He could see down the neatly laid out row of tents, each with some sort of porch, all the way down to Tony’s tent. Tony was rolling up his shirt sleeves and putting on a leather apron. It turned out that Tony had a wide range of blacksmith skills, which were sorely needed on the expedition. Apparently today, Tony was going to work making repairs on expedition equipment. Thor was especially hard on axes.
Rogers nodded and Tony made a point to study his playbill. The lights flickered before Rogers made another painful attempt at conversation.
For the square 'art format: 3-color pallete' on my
Tony and Rogers knew when they’d been dismissed. Though Tony wondered why exactly the King of Wakanda would have asked the Director of the New Explorers’ Club for help to uncover a smuggling ring.
Tony pulled on his jacket, only to notice Rogers surreptitiously checking him out. That was a nice bit of flattery there.
“Fury could find you a date if that is what is holding up your acceptance of the invite.” Pepper shifted her long skirt.
Then Tony and Scott rushed out of their tent with an odd contraption made of wire, a large metal cone and tubes. A lot of tubes. “Radio wave disruptor,” Tony shouted as they ran past.
fill for round 2
They didn’t talk for a few minutes and then Rogers suddenly stood up. “We should get going. Come on, Redwing.”
Tony thought hard as he put the pieces together.
“Whatever makes you think that?” Rogers asked with a grin.
Now, he had favorite spots in Tony’s downtown mansion, like the spot in the conservatory where Redwing loved to laze in the sun. Or the rooms Tony had cleared out for Steve’s office and art studio. Steve hadn’t stayed in one spot long enough to have a favorite chair for years, and now he had one by the fireside, where he’d watch Tony design his machines. And he had his own side of the bed.
“The wait staff have been paid very well to make sure that all glasses and plates are kept full. Come on, we could both use the break.”
“A vegetarian dinosaur, that's what Lila wants.”
They were at the dessert course and Rhodey hadn’t run out of news about his recent promotion in the government defense forces or his girlfriend Carol.
Rogers suggested that Tony come with him to meet the Wakandan ambassador, in case T’Challa had left messages for them. “I see that the Dora Milaje are out in force,” Tony said as he noticed the well-armed women strategically stationed through the port city on their way to the Wakandan Embassy. “The royal family in town?”
Jotun Loki
“Hmmm.” He couldn’t imagine Redwing facing a velociraptor when her current sworn enemy was the carpet beater back home. “We’ll need to be careful with her pen.”
“You think we’ll find it on our expedition?” Tony asked.
“Do you want to walk or take a taxi to the theatre?” Rhodey asked.
Tony's jaw drops as he watches Bruce transform into the Hulk for the first time. As if sensing his awe, Hulk grins at him.
"Sir, AMC has been operating here for six months," JARVIS, his snarky AI and friend, reports. "On the outside, it is a storage facility. They do a lot of business in the area delivering machine parts and doing custom work. But digging deeper, I found suspicious encrypted data for it to be as you say, 'up and up'. Also, there appears to be an underground facility that is not on the map or the original blueprints."
“Wait, wait. What is going on here? Animal smuggling? Tech theft?” Tony narrowed his eyes as he looked at Steve who was up to something hinky. He’d almost made a mistake in lowering his guard, letting his head get turned by a pretty blond.
Tony had built him a cart to carry his equipment over the uneven terrain. It had been an interesting problem for Tony -- how to build a cart to handle Scott’s glass plate negatives. Tony could see the commercial possibilities. “Oh?”
They would end up sitting in the porch drinking the moonshine that Tony and Bruce had been brewing up. Stars in the heavens above them, stars in Tony’s beautiful brown eyes. Steve felt the butterflies in his stomach each night, somehow expecting Tony to be busy fixing a machine and always grateful when Tony waved him in and gave him a drink.
"Damn, your sheriff's a handsome fella." Stark pops up next to him.
“I plan to see this through, Captain,” Tony replied.
“You don’t need a frightened dinosaur in the middle of the night,” Rogers replied.
Taking the initiative, Miss Maximoff said, “I have a customer for this one so we’re going to take it.”
“Tell Steve what you found,” Natasha prompted.
“Checking in on Pietro’s shipments,” she said. “I needed some extra muscle. You know Pietro.”
Fury summoned Tony to a meeting at the club. Tony was unexpectedly ushered into the large Founder’s Conference Room where Fury, Pym and T’Challa were already sitting. “Lord Stark,” Fury acknowledged, barely looking up from his map.
It didn’t help that he had a feeling that there was a lot more going on with the expedition than Fury or Rogers had told him. Although Rogers did mention that he was planning on setting that pet dinosaur of his free.
my card so far for round 2:
Steve and Tony didn’t have a name for whatever they were for each other yet. When they came back from the expedition Tony invited Steve to stay with him. And Steve never left.
“Untrained brontosaurus ate all the plants in the San Francisco office.”
abstract enough, so i messed around with transform effects to warp it, and - tada! ^^’ (i hope it fits the prompt ok!!)
"Okay. That's enough of that--" Stark pushes Thor on the shoulder. Or tries to. "Stop trolling the guest, Pointbreak."
"Tony!" Steve yells and blocks the beam with his shield.
“Thank you, Wanda. Hope?” Steve redirected.
Inspired by
Golden-eyed Tony
“You didn’t tell me about this,” Tony snapped.
Steve grunted as he shifted his body around. His shirt tore more with the movement.
"Iron Man, do not move in without us there. I repeat, do not move in," Steve orders.
“AIM is nothing like HYDRA, I’d like to point out,” Tony replied to Steve. “Not the same.”
Tony noticed out of the corner of his eye a small girl in a plaid pinafore holding a leash. Her dinosaur was straining at the end of said leash, lurching to the left and to right, focused on the two dogs behind Tony. He did a double take. That dino had to be a Deinonychus, a very young one based on its size. It would tear the dogs apart in seconds, if Tony remembered his dinosaur facts right.
“Lord Stark,” Rogers replied, startled out of his private thoughts. He shoved a wad of notes into his trousers’ pocket. “I wasn’t expecting --”
Wilson got up. “Not spending a lot of time getting ready for the dinner? Natasha will be disappointed.”
Tony woke up with a sore head and wet feet. Neither of those were the fun kind of sore or wet. He went to scratch the itch in the middle of his back. Suddenly he became keenly aware that his arms were tied behind his back and his legs weighted down by leg irons. He blinked a few times as his sluggish mind sorted out where exactly he was.
“Vibranium,” Nakia said.
“Who would want to break into the crates?” Tony asked. “It’s not like anyone can smuggle something off this ship.”
Fury held up his hand. “The Club is commissioning an expedition to the Savage Land. To locate items to be added to the Club’s collections and for display in the museum.”
Miss Maximoff walked over to one stall, beckoning to them to follow her. The seller was nowhere to be found. “Where’s Warner?” she asked one of the men in a neighboring stall.
“If it’s one thing we learned on this expedition, it’s that Redwing is one smart cookie,” Tony added. “She knows which side her bread is buttered on.”
This piece is a scene in one of Tony's fics! Wandering in a freezing landscape, Iron man discovers Cap, frozen in a block of ice inside a plane...
He's travelled far and wide on adventures and missions, and fought so many different types of alien races but this still feels like he's stepped into one of the comic books he read as a kid.
Especially considering all his doubts about the purposes of the New Explorers’ Club.
(chair reference:
“Dad, I don’t know about that. Fury is our best chance.”
T’Challa tipped his head forward, acknowledging the comment. “Yet, my interpretation of what has been found so far seems to me to indicate only a few possibilities. There is no city in the Savage Land, not even a colony or rudimentary port. There remain numerous dangers that discourage exploration and settlement. So the ship could only pull into one harbor.”
Those plans included a huge farewell party for the expedition. Not everyone was planning to go on to New Timely. Dr. Foster was traveling with Thor to an observatory to the south. Hope and Scott had their own plans on getting back to New Timely; Hope had said something about taking a slow steamer and sightseeing along the voyage. As for everyone else, there was work waiting for them.
“I hope that you can do something, anything. We know all about your history, Captain Rogers -- champion and hero. I can only do a little here and there, like rescue little ones like our friend there. But this needs to stop.”
Now that the main event of the evening was over, it was time to leave. Tony caught up to Bruce as the crowd was leaving the ballroom. “Bruce -- glad to see you’re back in town,” Tony said happily as he shook Bruce’s hand.
Then he tapped the table with his pencil. “I am considering asking Wanda and Pietro Maximoff to join us.”
"I'm not the one battling magical ninja zombies with a baton once a week," Stark points out. "How's the new armor holding up?"
Tony watches them go as Steve slowly steps back and returns his personal bubble, his hands still on Tony's elbows.
Tony pondered the large blank spaces on the map, showing how unexplored the Savage Land remained. “I don’t suppose you’d want to join us?” he asked.
Steve had Hope, Scott, Natasha, and Thor set up as a defensive line with the guns. Nakia and Bruce were dispatched to help Tony with his work. Jane hid in Steve’s tent with Redwing.
“I’m just a middle person -- Pietro and I have already stopped being involved with transport. We don’t know where the dinosaurs come from -- we’d get a contact from someone in Iceland and that was it.”
which is a picture prompt.. of a?? robot tony? or something? anyway instead of facial features it has wires and stuff!
“Who found them?” Rogers asked.
Rhodey was not particularly pleased with having to drape his coat over one of the seats in the box. “I wish you would just --” he said as he sat down next to Tony.
T’Challa shrugged. “Oh, I do not know. Perhaps Nakia has heard of such things. It seems to me that keeping a dinosaur, no matter how small, is a dangerous and reckless idea.”
"Raise your hands above your head and identify yourself."
“It’s been my pleasure,” Nakia said.
The Zeppelin War had its clarity. Hydra unleashed its invading forces on the countries to its west and east, conquering as it came. Marvel had been one of the last countries fighting desperately for its freedom, and Captain Rogers had been its bright and shining hero, his exploits loudly proclaimed in screaming newspaper headlines, cyclorama and lantern slide shows, stage shows, colorful art circulars and books. Steve had fought like hell against Hydra, with his special ops team, the Howling Commandos, at his side.
“Harley?” Tony sat on the desk, patting his legs as he looked at the reports before him. “Not sure, why?”
Steve’s eyes slowly drifted closed, and before he knew it, it was morning, the sun shining brightly outside. Tony was gone, a little, bunched up blanket in his place.
Tony had decided sleep could wait, he had better things to do. He downed some coffee and flew to Queens in his suit. He parked it in one of the motorcycle spaces and headed to the Parker’s apartment. He cleared his throat and knocked on the door.
Blinking, Steve went over to begin washing Tony’s hair. He sat crisscrossed at Tony’s head.
Tony went over to the Doctor’s room, where he found it to be already open. He waited patiently outside for Banner to notice him.
“Thank you.” Tony looked around, seeing the same setup as his room, except a bathroom added to the right. He looked around at Thor’s unpacking, finding nothing unusual for his profession.
“Getting to that,” Tony said, his armor glistening in the light of the hall.
“Yeah, wait, what?”
Steve sat through the meeting, Natasha having to nudge him every time he was asked a question because his mind wandered. The drive home was Natasha asking questions, “What was it like? Who started it? Are you planning on doing it again?”
“Tony. I’m the mechanic.”
“Umm...” The kid took in the scene, his brows creasing in confusion and his mouth slightly agape.
The man stood up and retrieved a small capsule. He shook it around, showing off the shrapnel that had once been lodged in Tony’s chest. He then tossed it over to Tony, who caught it and examined it.
Tony chugged down the rest of the beer and scooted his chair to the kitchen to grab another.
“Well, ugh,” Steve stammered. “Well, um. I helped you to bed. I’m sure the details will come to you later.” He gave an awkward smile and left. Tony could’ve swore he saw the imprint of a gun in his waistband.
Grumbling, Tony pulled his blankets over him. A few minutes later he began to snore.
“Umm.” Steve looked over at Bucky, who shook his head. “Not really…”
“How about some seismic waves? They jump a lot, so they should make some noise.”
Steve waved back, his mood lightening. An idea was starting to form in his head as he watched Tony tinker. Today he was working on something for the wear-and-tear on Pietro's clothes.
Steve loved spending time with Tony. The way he smiled at Steve’s “back in my day” jokes, and Tony teasing him about his lack of technological intelligence. The way Tony hummed as he worked, and the way he cared for his robots, treating them like his kids. How Tony had made Steve his own little space in his lab, just for Steve.
There was a small, “Hello? Who is it?” before the door swung open. “Oh my god!” the lady said, flabbergasted as she saw Tony standing outside her door. She had long brown hair and tanned skin, a small amount of sweat dotted around her face.
“For your consideration: the Jericho.”
“So, weapons. I have amazing choices.” Stark led them down a row of tables, different crates and prototypes scattered about them. “Do you guys have anything you’re good at?”
“Yes, sir. But it seems that project has been shut down.”
Steve opened the door and nearly fell back in shock. Tony had a fist raised, poised to knock, a look of nervousness on his face. Tony looked equally surprised to see Steve.
Tony dug through everything he could and turned up empty. Growling with anger and stress, Tony shut down the table with two claps. He stood and walked around a bit.
“Standing close there, Captain.”
“Sir, I’m seeing a few reports on a “Red Hulk” in multiple Army databases. Would you like me to access them?”
Tony caught the skidding bottle. He looked to Steve, who let him take the first sip. Tony was careful to leave enough for Steve, and Steve left enough to last them for the next day.
The duos began to buddy up and gather onto the elevator. Tony touched a finger to his temple, his eyes flickering slightly as he sent a message to his employers.
"Vibranium," Steve said simply.
“About the internship I’m willing to offer you. At Stark Industries.”
“Protection.”
“That’s a bad word. D’you hear that Friday?” Steve tolled his eyes, scraping out the last bit of egg.
"Bullshit," Steve scoffed. "You need food more than I do. Supersoildier, remember?"
Sl’qefort (sel-key-fo) is my own little species I’ve created. Here are the little notes I made for the people.
He curled his fingers around Steve’s neck, pulling him close while another hand tugged at his shirt. Their lips landed together. Steve didn’t do anything at first, shocked at what was happening. Then he embraced Tony, his hands resting on Tony’s hips.
Natasha took notice of his certain type of jitteriness and the constant lick of his lips as if recalling an event. No way! she thought.
Tony successfully stopped thinking about that night. But then he thought about the Mandarin.
“And?”
There was a thud as Tony was yanked back to the ground. Tony let out a growl of frustration as he began to tug at the shackles, clawing his skin in the prosses.
Richards rolled up Bucky’s sleeve and wiped off the nub of his arm with a wet washcloth.
“Mmm,” Tony grunted in response. His fingers danced along the scar on his chest. Steve knew he was thinking about something painful when he traced his scar like that.
“I’m Madeline Joyce!” the girl who Steve and thought of as wealthy spoke. Her voice was slightly squeaky, showing a clear young age.
“Steve... no...” Tony didn’t know what to say. Steve just didn’t think he was good enough? What?!
“Oh, she’s just a worker, extra hand. So’s Natasha, the redhead. Those two are an amazing pair. I was stationed with them once before and they worked as if they had a degree! Amazing if I do say so myself.”
“Three.” Steve’s voice was already shaky.
“Sam and Clint like the Chips Ahoy! right? Add a couple extra boxes to the monthly.” Tony ran through the list in his head.
“He’s already out stopping bank robberies,” Tony started. “We won’t have him do anything too big until he’s ready. We can tell him we’re interested and he can keep doing what he’s been doing.”
“Oh, I’m not worried,” Tony said, pulling the suit back out to examine it. “Anybody else know?”
“All done!” Richards clapped his hands, a smile plastered on his face. “Move your index finger for me.”
"Super soldier my ass," Tony retorted. "You dont think I can go a few days without food?" Tony was tired and cranky. He hadn't slept in days, and the cold of the white room was getting to him. And the floors were incredibly uncomfertable.
my last fill for round 2 of stony bingo 2017 (ends jan 31st 2018), for square
The man looked Steve and Sam over and then waved them through. “Got to keep that boy on a short leash, Wanda.”
~~~~~
“You have to work fast - the water is getting closer and deeper.”
Some sort of mob AU? or romeo and juliet-esque thing, illicit romance where they meet in dark alleys? idk ^.^
“Please have the book sent to my club,” Rhodey told the cashier.
Steve and Natasha were overseeing the transfer of the expedition crates from the warehouse to the airships. Wanda said, “It’s over when we get back to New Timely.”
Tony hated that he blinked right back at Rogers, any possible snappy comeback dying on his tongue.
Pepper smoothed her dress before sitting down in her usual chair. “Yes, small dinosaurs have been very popular pets the past few months. You hadn’t noticed?”
“Maybe Fury’s looking for things for the gift shop.”
“The smuggling of exotic animals into New Timely. I talked to a lawyer and he couldn’t find any laws about it.” She wrung the handkerchief in her hands over and over. “I thought that since you are involved with the Explorers’ Club and that you’ve spoken out about exploitation and all that, maybe you could help.”
“Who suggested the dinner?” Wilson asked.
"Don't worry about it." Stark claps him on the shoulder, smiling like he knows exactly what's going on in Tony's head. Maybe he does. "So, you want a drink or coffee?
"You're lucky you dodged debrief," Clint says. "I'm gonna take a shower and order take-out. Who wants pizza?"
Tony barged into the tent, sending Redwing scuttling for cover in Steve’s bedroom. “Captain Rogers, I demand --”
stevetony + hanukkah sweaters, fill for the free space!
“Jail -- that’s what his old lady told me last night. Ain’t seen him in since yesterday. I’ve been feeding his last dino. The old lady sold off the rest.”
"J, what's the reading on the portal?"
He’s a 20 something year old technopath(?) captain america version of 616 tony, with a darker-colored suit and an unpainted shield, basically. I couldn’t resist trying to draw him, heh.
"Disguises are a thing, honey." Steve grins. "A cap, some shades and maybe a scarf would do the trick. He's got different facial hair that you already don't look all that much alike unless you look closely."
“More efficient than what?” asked Sam. He stood at the door of the tent, wiping off his forehead.
They've been recognized by some people but most didn't bother them. It’s mostly Steve who receives the attention. Even in a white t-shirt and jeans, the man's presence and over-all Steve-ness exudes patriotism and freedom even when he isn't trying.
Redwing made everything seem a bit less lonely these days.
“Good point.” Tony sat down on the wooden chair opposite Rogers. “Bruce said he didn’t see anything taken.”
Steve was not. And that’s how he started off on the wrong foot with Stark.
He should have a more favorable opinion about Captain Rogers, given that the man was in fact a living legend. But Tony had seen and experienced enough in his life to doubt the faces people presented and to dig for the real person hidden by the facade. He wasn’t going to be taken in because people told him what a good person Captain Rogers was.
"Me too." Stark smiles at him, not the slightest bit judgemental or angry. “He’s a one of a kind guy.”
Tony shouldn’t have any thoughts about Steve like that. Admittedly, he had thawed some towards Steve to the point of being willing to call him Steve now. But that first meeting with the Captain long ago had left a bad taste in Tony’s mouth. Tony could remember clearly what that meeting had been like. Steve had been stand-offish and not appreciated the coffee maker Tony had just designed.
~~~~~
cat’s or bug’s eye view!
Wilson arched an eyebrow in response. “Right. Anything taken?”
“You know, just, yeah,” Steve stumbled over words. “That sounds great.”
"Goddamn it, Tony!" Steve swears but Tony can still hear amusement in his voice.
"I'm fine. I am in an alternate universe. I'll explain everything when I get back." He's barely even aware of how hard he is gripping the console beside the portal. If he weren't already seated, he’d have tumbled to the floor with the way his knees give out.
"Now we just have to deal with the sickeningly sweet PDA." Bruce chimes in as he passes by to grab a beer.
“Redwing,” Rogers scolded.
"We're having a two for one sale today, MODOK! Take it or leave it." Stark mocks as he repulsors it in the face.
Nakia had arrived, dressed in subdued clothing and a large hat, with Barton following behind bringing her trunk. Romanoff smiled as if she was meeting her long-lost sister.
Rogers said, “The Savage Land is extensive and mostly unexplored -- I can’t guarantee we could find what you are looking for.”
The table next to them glared at Pym’s outburst. He nodded at them and continued to talk with Hope in a lower tone. Tony noticed that an old acquaintance, Dr. Banner, was seated at that table. Bruce gave him a wave.
(no nasty comments thnx! i love both these boys!)
They were having lunch in Tony’s tent and Bruce was lingering so that he didn’t have to go out in the near-daily rain shower, one drawback to the Savage Land weather that Tony much appreciated otherwise.
“Found it! A way out of the cave!” Steve said. He pushed through a narrow break between the rocks and then pop, they were on the other side of the cave.
“Or maybe now?”
616 tony <3
"This is Tony. He's from an alternate universe. Tony, this is Matt Murdock. You need a lawyer, you call him. He does a lot of pro-bono."
“I’ll see how the rest of the team feels after Clint and Pietro return. Sam said we still have supplies. Nakia’s pushing to stay.”
Nevertheless, one semester found them enrolling in the same course and sitting next to each other. Often, in my experience, people tend to become at least friendly if not outright friends with the people they sit next to. Tony and Steve… well, initially they didn’t actually get along. Somewhere along the lines, though, bickering became banter and vague irritation became friendship. They should totally thank their professor for pairing them together on that project, because it wasn’t until then that they really made that step to being friendly.
Stark raises an eyebrow. "Clean energy not a thing in your city?"
Steve picked her up, and she settled down in the crook of his arms. He looked up at Tony. “You don’t mind?”
“You work for Fury -- we went to him about the theft.”
The ship steamed close to the harbor. Sam pointed out to Steve that the harbor entrance had changed compared to the last time an expedition had come. The ship captain slowed down to navigate through the sandbars and then weighed anchor where he still felt confident that the ship would not scrape the bottom.
This was meant to be 616 steve and tony, but tony kind of looks like a taller mcu with 616′s hair here (face-shape-wise, I mean) ^^’ so maybe it's an au, heh.
"Funny you should ask that." He's stalling, not quite sure what's happening. Did he die? Is this some weird hallucination?
"Well, shit. Evasive maneuvers." He dodges another accurately thrown machine part as big as his head.
“One of the reasons I like space is the lack of desert and sand. And yet… Here we are,” Tony grumps as he flies through the deserts of Sector 1872. He doesn't like the deserts. It reminds him too much of the time he almost lost Steve to assassins in Timely, which was, surprise, surprise, a desert town and outpost.
And he does.
Overall it was considered far better, more chic and stylish and a real career move to belong to the New Explorers’ Club. Steve had been back once to the old club, felt incredibly sad to see the disrepair and neglect in a building that had once meant so much to him. But that was his life in a nutshell.
“I can’t promise anything. But maybe you could pick up a dinosaur pet on your trip? One of my cousin’s kids really wants one and she’s been a good kid.”
By all possible standards, Tony was a very gorgeous man. Steve had been surprised at first to see Lord Tony Stark a regular feature of the social papers. But seeing the man in action, Steve was amazed that the man did not have a dedicated newspaper tracking all the amazing, talented things Tony did daily.
“We don’t have to do that. We just made a mistake,” Wanda said, turning visibly pale. “No need to bother the Captain.”
Steve fumbled putting his glass down on the table, rattling the plates and the silverware and nearly splashing the wine out of the glass. He tamped down the completely ridiculous and strange idea for a Saturday date. He needed more sleep.
Steve stares. "What… Tony, who's that?"
Steve was running his hand along the cave walls. “Let’s check for other options first.”
“Wait -- are you using this expedition to uncover dinosaur smuggling?”
"Thanks." He takes a sip of his coffee, then almost spits it out again when Steve leans down and presses a kiss to Stark's forehead before settling into the chair beside him. He must've been staring too much because Stark grins, in that way that makes him wanna punch himself in the face.
"Do I have a counterpart in your world?" His flowing blond hair would look great in a shampoo commercial.
“This has to be the center of all the smuggling,” Nakia said. “Everything is here.”
“Nor me,” Rogers replied. He sipped his tea.
He left a note for Sam and Natasha about his appointment at the Club on the small table in the hallway in case they came home early from their errands. Natasha was calling on friends in the city and Sam wanted fresh air.
“Wanda,” Hope snapped.
"Nothing much. We'll teleconference with Reed later." Stark answers while reaching for a piece of fried chicken. "I want to show Tony around but I'm afraid we look too much alike for taking a stroll. I don't want TMZ telling the world that I've cloned myself again."
Rogers shook his head tightly. “Sabotage can be spreading rumors to undermine the expedition. We already don’t know each other well enough. The wrong word in the wrong place at the wrong time, and there’s trouble in the team.”
“I’m not doing that. I draw a line.”
"You wanna grab your gear and meet Reed?" Stark's eyes flicked down his sternum then back, questioning. "The reactor's attached to the suit?"
“Dinosaurs?”
Fill for square N2 on my card! Working my way towards a blackout/full card ^^
“True, I could have passed on that.” He thought about the unending darkness and the fear.
He checked his pocket watch. “We need to get going if we don’t want to miss the opening act.”
"I dodged and I fell through. There was a rocket launcher--"
Bonus Concept Art:
i might try a different idea for this prompt too, but for now at least this fills it ^^
Tony grunts as Cap bumps him out of the way while deflecting the blast with his shield. He rolls out of the way and lifts off again.
Nat sinks next to him on the sofa, a tumbler of vodka in hand. "You're lookin' a little lost in thought there, Stark."
"With how long you and Steve took to get together, you're in no position to give out advice." Reed replies, directing Stark to a monitor.
"So, what's different?" Stark asks as they stroll down the street towards a food truck.
AIM soldiers piled out of the camp. Steve grabbed a large stick from the ground and jumped in front of Tony protectively. Tony threw a grenade from his pack, which bounced but didn’t explode. “I think we’re in trouble,” he said.
“Lead on.”
“Sam was the one who found it. He caught it out of the corner of his eye. He didn’t think anything was amiss at first but a corner of the lid wasn’t flush with the box.”
“Yeah, I’ve heard that before. It’s not one of those expeditions either where a group of people go into the uncharted forests and come out five years later. We go to the Savage Land, pick up some specimens, head back home. Might even get to see Wakanda too. Who knows?” Tony swirled his wine and smiled. “The question is -- are you in?”
Steve exchanged a quick look with Tony, who only shrugged. Then Tony blurted out, “Was anyone on this expedition for the purpose of this expedition?”
Ignoring Tony, Rogers opened with, “We already have a few members -- you, me, my friends Sam Wilson and Natasha Romanoff. Clint Barton, Natasha’s friend. Hope Pym and her -- her -- her whatever Scott Lang are coming along too.”
“It was a last minute decision,” Rogers said. “I promise -- she won’t bother you.”
One more fill away from a second bingo!
“Why not me?” Tony asked Steve as he busied about the row boat that would take them in.
“Who would eat Redwing?” Steve scritched behind her frill in case she got scared.
He tried to pull the door shut, but Redwing pushed a little harder and bounded out of the cabin. The little dinosaur pecked Tony’s leg and squawked at him. “You brought your dinosaur along?”
Rogers shifted his hat back and forth in his hands. “That’s not in the expedition brief. We are doing a scientific investigation of the Savage Land on behalf of the New Explorers’ Club and to secure specimens for the museum.”
[backup image links:
“Huh, I wasn’t expecting that.”
A little tiny Tony reading about space! My brain mashed up
“Will do. Time to talk about running Stark Industries while you are gone.”
Tony was not, repeat not, going to let his guard down because of that ridiculously cute dinosaur or because Steve Rogers was perhaps far more attractive than a living legend should be.
“Vibranium,” Tony exhaled. “The rarest metal on earth -- one of my mentors at the university had a tiny sample of it.” He turned to Rogers. “Dr. Yinsen had to keep it under lock and key, in case someone attempted to steal it. I was allowed to briefly handle the sample. I’ve never seen another bit of vibranium since then.”
"Thank you, Shellhead." Steve's sincerity is also a common trait, it seems.
Tony skates in the roller derby in a croptop, booty shorts, fishnets, and eyeliner. He spots Steve looking at him and winks.
He turned to Obadiah Stane, his father’s old friend, for help. The partnership worked great -- Stane ran Stark Industries while Tony created and invented and had fun. Stane convinced him that going on an expedition to the deserts east of Wakanda would be good publicity for both the company and for the Explorers’ Club.
So this is fanart I did, based on/inspired by the fanfiction
“You better spill it all and don’t hold back, Steve, so help me. Redwing won’t save you next time.”
I decided to interpret it kinda literally ‘cause that’s what kept popping up whenever i thought about filling it, heh.
First up, the cover/title art! :3
on my (2017 round 2) stony
Steve sat in the shade, Redwing laying down at his feet. The Van Dyne’s green lawn stretched out before him, dotted with white tents and crowded with the best of the New Explorers’ Club and New Timely society. He felt a touch overdressed in his best day suit and blue cravat.
Fuck. He loved Tony and it fucking sucked.
One night, Steve had a rough time sleeping and decided to take it out on a punching bag. He was taking a break, munching on a pizza, when Friday’s voice come over the speakers.
I’m taking a lot of stuff from IM1, instead of making it my own, unlike chapter 1-2. It is gonna be vaguely different at parts, but I’m going to stick to generally the same plot line. I hoped you liked the Bruce addition!
“Mechanic!” Thor greeted. He sat Tony down, a grin still plastered to his face. “Please, come in.”
Steve huffed and forced his leg to stop shaking. He started to panic a little. How was he supposed to tell Natasha about his love life? His best friend and kick-ass assassin partner, Natasha.
The group laughed through lunch, Bruce swiftly integrating with the group. He sat with them at Physics, and, thankfully, they all had the same Advisory class.
Tony looked up in the bleachers to see Rhodey waving down at him. He smiled and clambered up the steps. Happy and Pepper were sitting together with Rhodey, their bags at their feet.
He looked up at Rhodey, his eyes unfocused and cloudy. “She’s gone, Rhodey. She’s gone, and it’s all my fault. Now I’m going off kissing someone else while she’s still dead.”
While tinkering with a new upgrade for his suit, Tony once again thought about his drunken night. Tony kept having to shake it away, yet it pressed at the corners of his mind. Making suits was pretty much muscle memory by now, so his mind always wandered freely.
Tony stood up, massaging his head as he stumbled out of his bedroom. He was shocked to see Steve asleep at the table, his head propped up by his arm.
He looked back at the screens.
“I’ll tell you what, kid,” Tony said taking a seat beside Peter on the bed. “I get you the stuff you need to help others, and, when you’re ready, you help me when I ask.”
“Hmm,” Stark muttered under his breath, “you can never go wrong with a sniper.”
"What?"
"Finally," Tony said.
“Yeah, sure. What is it?”
Bucky held back a shudder as he let the cold metal sit against his skin. “You're going to feel some movement, it’s the arm adjusting to the shape of your injury.”
DAY ONE
“Could you play something romantic for us?” he giggled.
Soft, blue eyes and warm, pink lips filled his head. Orange-red hair and a sharp tongue. Oh, Pepper.
“Hey, what’s up?” Steve asked softly, his fingers dancing through Tony’s hair.
There.
His hands began to sweat, his mind speeding up. His punches became faster, more desperate.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Is this vibranium?" He muttered to himself. Definitely vibranium. How did these guys get vibranium?
"Stop, Tony. You're hurting yourself. Please."
Tony went over to shake May’s hand once again. “I’ll call you if we need Peter to come up to SI. He can work from home until he graduates.”
“A race of extremely strong people. Can lift 600 lbs, but are very passive and gentle. Because of their size- their hearts are amazing- electricity doesn’t harm them as bad.”
!” came a booming voice, followed by a thundering boom as the figure landed on the earth. They spun, eyes widening at the familiar shape lumbering towards them.
“Tony!”
“Yeah! Do we know his name?”
“Yes. C’mon!” Bucky clapped his hands, urging everyone to their feet. Tony collected the plates and sat them in the dish disposal. Walking over to the food stand, he pressed a button on the side. It started to sink into the ground, the floor closing back to make flat ground again.
Tony ran out of the open door, crawling towards a bolder to hide behind. There was a thud, and Tony looked over to see a bomb had landed next him, Stark painted on the side.
“That’s my que,” Tony chuckled. He went over to help the clumsy drone that fell into the water. He pulled it out of the water and began to take it apart to dry it out.
Steve twiddled his thumbs, his leg bouncing wildly as Natasha zoomed down the interstate. Rock music was blasting over the radio and Nat jammed out to the different songs.
Tony went up to Steve. There were different footages and documents showing on the table. One was of Tony’s fall to earth after the Chitari attack, a document showed different symptoms of PTSD. Another video showed his time in Tennessee, as well as his different anxiety attacks.
“Yo, Bruce!” Tony called. Bruce looked up, surprised. “Wanna sit with us?”
“Three attempts since Pepper’s death.” Steve pulled up some video tapes from Tennessee and some vitals.
“I do see some small seismic activities in New Mexico.
Steve watched Tony work, interlacing his own interpretations with real life. A small twinkle in his eye, the signature fuzz that runs along his jaw.
tell the others.”
“That was a nice save!” he exclaimed. Tony examined the room once more, pocketing his phone. “I mean, having to juggle saving people and school, can’t be easy. And catching 3,000 pound cars hurtling towards civilians at 55 miles an hour. Puts me to shame.”
“Really?”
“You… you didn’t visit.” He crossed his arms, looking at the ground. Steve let out a long breath, holding the punching bag and resting his head against it.
“Whatever, kid. Save someone’s life and they just give you a look,” Stark mumbled under his breath.
Wanda sat next to Pietro, with Thor and Bruce next to them. Steve, Sam, and Bucky eventually filed in, three to a bench around a circular light-blue table. Tony handed his apron to one of the drones, and he began to get the food station ready to be put away.
“Don’t tell me it’s Tony!” she said, mouth agape and smiling.
“Woah! What the-“
"You fucking idiot," Steve murmered.
Time seemed to slow. Did he? Did Tony Stark- billionaire, playboy, philanthropist- love Steve Rogers?
Tony cringed. It was his dad. This probably isn’t good news.
Tony was sitting on the bathroom floor, the water that had pooled on the floor was soaking into his pants.
The panels went back into their original places, leaving the spears impaled into Bucky’s skin.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Stark, eh?” Bruce smiled. “Guess I don’t have to worry about homework.”
“Right... yeah. That email.” Peter feigned his knowledge. Of course Tony hadn’t sent him an email.
Steve looked up again and locked eyes with Tony. He licked his chapped lips, rubbing his hands as this- this feeling- filled the room. He wasn’t sure if he was supposed to act on it, or if he was supposed to ignore it until it passed.
“Ay! Richards! You got that arm yet?” Stark shouted over the noise of the workshop.
"Great observational skills, Cap," Tony snapped. He sighed, pulling in his legs. "Yeah, I'm cold."
“So you’ve imagined it, then?”
Steve rummaged through the drawers, finding a pair of boxers, a pair of soft, unicorn-patterned pants, and a taco-saurus t-shirt. He returned to the bathroom to find Tony hunched over the toilet, spilling his guts out into the bowl.
Tony ran, stumbling backwards as the bomb detonated. Shrapnel penetrated his chest, and the force of the explosion sent him flying backwards. He pulled open his button-up to see that the shards had gone through the special armor Dad had made for him. The pain hit him like a wave, making him gasp for breath. Tony’s world slowly sank into blackness as he felt himself being dragged away.
Steve kept Bucky from being shoved over, letting him walk in front of Steve. Bucky looked over his shoulder to cast him a worried glance before continuing.
“Lunch in 5,” announced a voice over the intercom.
“Hey.” Tony smiled. It was good to talk to his friends again. The summer was too busy, with Tony helping his dad in the workshop on the newest project.
“Yes, Captain. Thank you.” Steve looked at him for a long time. Is he trying to read Tony? Or is he just staring for the sake of it?
“I’ll go after him,” Tony said, giving May another smile before following Peter.
Steve tried desperately not to recall the events of the past few weeks, but they kept flooding into his mind.
“Ughhh.” He looked down at his tray and back at the group. “Sure…?”
“No, I’m actually here to hire him.”
Tony stood in the back, his hands sitting awkwardly at his side. The cap around his head was snug, and barely keeping the heat off his head.
DAY THREE
“I imagine not. Your father was so drunk you were too busy teaching him how to walk! Don’t think I could’ve remembered anybody in such a mess. I wouldn’t be able to stand that drunk, much less give a presentation on integrated circuits.”
“C’mon lugnut,” Steve said with a poke to Bucky’s ribs.
“It’s just. This is the second time you’ve helped me get to bed.”
Mom was yelling her head off, grasping Tony’s arm. Her nails dug into his skin, and he winced. Dad shouted for the soldier, but he had already left.
Tony could occasionally feel the hands inside of him, poking him, before he woke up. Panic welled as his hands flew to his chest. Tony ripped away the bandages to feel cold metal lodged into his sternum.
Tony pulled himself up, looking down at his feet.
“Bruce, what happened? Are you okay?” Steve asked, running up to help. Tony had retracted his helmet, staring wide-eyed at Bruce, who was clinging desperately to Tony.
James spoke up next. “Hiya, if I may. You can call me Bucky. I’m the second in command if Steve is too busy. And Doctor Banner- come up here- he’s third in charge. And he’s the doctor, obviously.” The skinny black haired man timidly stepped up beside “Bucky,” looking even smaller in comparison. He gave a small wave while Bucky wrapped his arm around Banner’s shoulders.
“Kid named Harley. One mention of New York and you run off, vitals through the roof. At the coffee shop with Rhodey week or so before, you run out of the shop after some kid whispers in your ear. Do I need to go on?”
“You, too, Tony. Stay safe!” With that, Tony left, closing the door behind him.
A tall black boy stood next to a shorter boy whose eyes were narrowed in a suspicious scowl.
They argued. If course they argued, they were Stark and Roger's. Still, it was a small squabble.
Bruce went back to scribbling, and Tony peeked at what he was doing. All he saw were vague science terms and long math equations. Class began before the full nosiness could kick in.
“Out!” Steve demanded. They looked back and forth from Tony to Steve as if there was a tennis match being played. “I said leave! Go!”
Steve let Tony drink first, his tiny frame causing him to worry. The water felt good on Tony's parched tongue.
Peter Parker is Spider-man Noir.
The class was mostly full. Tony looked around for a seat, seeing most of the kids were either paired or had their bags next to them. One kid, on the other hand, was quietly scribbling.
“Tony,” Steve said.
Steve looked down, and quickly pulling away and settling against the wall. Tony felt a twinge of disappointment, but quickly pushed it down.
Steve had been a Captain for 10 years now, working on board a wide variety of ships, from cargo to military. He’s worked with Banner only once before, but with Natasha and Bucky countless times before. He held a pretty impressive record. He once saved the entire ship from a pirate attack single-handedly.
Banner just leaves without a care in the world, and now he thinks he can wander back in with a sob story? Well, of course he could, but come on! Just falls back into Tony’s life. Everyone expects Tony to save them, Tony the hero. The fixer-upper.
(See the end of the chapter for
Now his nightmare had returned, attacking family, turning them into a worse state than Tony could ever imagine. Tony pulled up the med bay’s security cams once again, analyzing the scene before him.
“5:30,” he said, flipping the inlet in the pan, and flipping off Steve.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Consider my interest piqued, jackass,” Tony muttered.
He was teleported onto the deck, from Earth to where the ship was docked in space. Tony was set up with a duffle of mechanical tools and clothes.
“Don’t dwell on the past. What my Mom always says. Maybe I’ll get a new one.” Bucky gave Steve a quick grin. “But what about you? You’re all… big.”
Tony shook his head no as he dragged his feet off the seat.
Tony and Steve returned home safe. Thought the fight might not be over yet.
Tony ran happily into the house as Rosa pulled up, throwing open the door and tossing his bag in his room.
It was the Hulk, though he was battered and... he looked afraid. His skin shifted between peach and green as his pace slowed from a spring to a weary drag. He fell into Tony’s arms, fully Bruce, the ragged shorts he wore barely hanging on to his waist as they began too big for his now-small frame.
Steve pulled his head off of the punching bag, dragging his gaze over to Tony. White scars crossed his arms and face, bringing a lump into Steve’s throat. Tears were running down Tony’s face, causing a few to spring in Steve’s eyes.
"Don't be an idiot, Stark," Steve said.
“Mhmm. You were my hero since I was a kid.”
And why was it so damn hard to let go.
Tony stepped closer, Steve not backing away. Tony noticed he was still wearing his suit and tie, slightly crumpled. Tony felt a little smile tug at his lips. He gently smoothed our Steve’s tie, looking up into his eyes.
“I don’t remember,” Tony replied, looking around the room.
“Why?” Tony asked, sitting on the couch.
DUM-E gave a little whir as he clumsily rolled to the counter.
“When do you wake up?” Steve questioned.
“Check up on Happy for me, would ya?” Tony buried his face in his hands as he let out trembling breaths.
“What is it?” Tony asked, rising from the armchair.
The voice made him flinch and pause. Steve shook his head and tugged a bag from the row he had set up on the ground.
The man at the front of the group was chubby, and had a small beard on his face. He was clad in green shirts, as well as the men around him.
“I’m under strict orders not to tell anyone, especially you, as to what that gun is required for.”
“What is it? You act like we’re going to your first dance.”
Yes, he does. And it hurts.
Thanks for reading!
“What the hell did you do to me?” Tony wheezed.
Oh shit.
A few hours of trial and error finally gave Tony his results. Banner hitched a ride on a cargo ship to get over to the Americas. He then went off the grid, which was impressive seeming as even Tony couldn’t find him. Then suddenly, a month later, he resurfaced, popping up on top-secret government watchlists, mainly under a man named... Ross. General Ross? THE General Ross?
What if he kept Happy out of it? He wouldn’t have been in a coma for so long; wouldn’t have nearly died.
Bruce was one of the top doctors of Earth, mixing his expertise with those of separate worlds to greatly improve his medical prowess. He was able to save 100 people on a vacation ship from a deadly bug they had picked up on a different planet.
“Hungry?” Tony chuckled. Happy tucked his in his pocket. “Looks like you two just had a drug deal.”
“Why didn’t you tell me about this, Pete?” May asked, excitement radiating off of her.
Tony stiffened a little under Steve’s hand. Steve began to panic inwardly, afraid that Tony might freak out or yell at him.
Steve hurried to help, grabbing the mugs full of steaming coffee. He gave Tony a wide smile, recalling the sleepy events of last night.
“Shit!”
“I’m-I’m not recruiting him. I’m just giving him an extra little boost.” Tony rubbed the bridge of his nose. “He can already catch cars, Happy. He’s gonna fling himself headfirst into danger with or without me there.”
“I have great news!” Dad said when he saw Tony. “We’re going to Afghanistan!”
“I don’t have the kind of cash or resources you do. I mean, I was lucky to find the parts to this thing-“ Peter tapped his old, home-built computer “-so being able to make that suit and help people is actually super big for me.”
This story starts out with Steve and his beginning. No asthma, just not very athletic.
“Hey guys!” Steve chuckled. “Going to medical?”
Tony squinted his eyes open to see the looming shape of Steve with a small smile dancing on his lips. He looked at ease, which made Tony relax the last bit of tense muscles he had.
Pietro sat in awe, his mouth agape. “Wow,” he breathed.
“I’ll call you when I need you. Expect mail.” And with that, Tony left the room, leaving an excited and thankful Peter Parker to play with his new toy.
“It’s… gone?” Bucky whispered.
With a huff, Steve pulled out a very large griddle to make enough bacon for everyone. He pulled out a few packs of bacon and sausage from the fridge, and Sam got out another Griddle to work on eggs and pancakes.
“No, no.” Steve grabbed the back of the chair and spun him around. “C’mon. Time for bed.”
Tony gave him a bitter grin, his teeth grinding together. He scoffed and wiped the tears away.
“What would you like?” Tony asked, gesturing to the food. Clint filled his plate with everything he could, and Pietro stuck to fattening foods.
“Yeah.” He rubbed a finger around the lip. Nothing.
“Ah… yes.” Steve let out a chuckle, rubbing his thumb along his lips. “You’re right Clint. Don’t make me keep ya.” He scooted to the side, waving to the door. “Keep the ship running. Get to know each other. I’ll see you for lunch.”
“There appears to be a leak in Vision’s room.”
Steve looked at Tony. He had thought about it. Steve started blushing. Tony leaned foreword and rubbed a hand along Steve’s jaw.
“Tony Stark.”
Steve had his arm wrapped around Tony’s chest, his other hand petting Tony’s hair. His legs were propped up on the coffee table, burger wrappers and napkins littered at his feet. Tony’s legs were stretched across the couch and over the arm.
Steve wiped the last bit of slime off Tony’s face and pressed the glass of water to Tony’s lips. Once the last drops were drunk, Steve helped Tony to his feet.
“Claire Voyant,” the platinum-haired girl said. She stood still as a statue.
“Yeah…”
“Since I don’t really care about where you sit, I’ll just heavily imply that you don’t switch seats all the time,” Dr. Johnson said from his desk.
“I’ve lost too many people Tony, too much family. I can’t lose you too.”
Tony gave a little whine and swatted a hand at Steve. Steve let out a chuckle and went to fetch a rag. He ran the rag under the tap and bent down in front of Tony.
“You should eat yours.” Tony hadn’t touched his plate.
“Well, I’m not as easy to kill,” Steve countered. He shut his eyes, wiping the sweat that dripped down the side of his head.
"Fine." There was a dull ache into he back of his head. Tony felt the shackles around his wrists and ankles for the first time. They were sitting against a wall, and chains connected to each other and to the wall.
Tony split the food and slid a plate over to Steve, the noise jolting him awake.
“What’s it like being an android?” Pietro asked. Tony was taken aback. Nobody had really asked him that before.
Tony’s hand drifted from the tie and to Steve’s face, cupping Steve’s jaw.
Tony turned to rush outside, but he felt a force hit him from behind. His suit was downloading the files. Shit. Another bang and Tony's world went black.
“Dr. Banner asked me to accompany him,” Tony confirmed.
“He’s in his lab, Mr. Rogers.”
Tony leaned in for a sloppy kiss. Steve stopped him with a finger on his lips.
