inventions (improving ideas of his of course) and he was a fellow Omega, who stood tall in a world where Omegas were still frowned upon. She also respected him for being able to build things from scratch and trash, where as she had always her luxury lab and Vibranium to tinker with.
“Thank you. I will be alright from now.” He said. Maybe he should feel more enthusiastic to spend his time with his two best friends after he got them finally back. But their victory had only made him feel numb.
“Tony decided to tell no one. Vision and me and later Dr. Cho and Pepper were the only ones who knew. Of course he couldn’t tell Ross. He was cornering Tony already because you were his bond mate and he had deliberately refused to help him when you broke into the prison. Well, he wasn’t quite wrong about it but he also had no proof. Though he mistrusted Tony and Tony needed his trust, if he wanted to prevent any more arrests. If he had found out about the pregnancy, only God knows what Ross would have done. But to that later.
“What does that matter” Natasha tries calmly. “It has happened and we can’t undo it.” She looked at him, cupping his face with one hand. Steve looked at hear defeated. Taking her other hand she starts to soothingly stroke his back.
“Be confident. Don’t let their words get to you. Hold your head up high. I’m surprised, for me you seemed to be a person to just say ‘fuck you’ and show them the middle finger.”
“Hey, I really appreciate this and all but I’d really like to get out of this suit right now. And to definitely take a shower! I smell like … whatever-it-was Clint had cooked that day.” The others smiled and chuckled in relief. Yes, this was definitely Tony.
“But what exactly is your plan about?” It was the first time that Steve spoke in this meeting and he could feel the air tense again a little bit.
“I don’t” she smiled and damn, that felt good to her. She knew her inventions and tech is superior to Starks but the man himself admitting he understood even less than half of it?  Despite all, this would be one of her best days ever.
Just like that Steve found the hope crashing down again. He knew what Tony was hinting at and he didn’t like it. Tony always thought he didn’t deserve Steve when in reality it was Steve who didn’t deserve him. He didn’t want to let Tony get away with this. He never did in the past and he definitely will not now and Steve then remembered Natashas words. Why did it suddenly seem so easy?
Tony finally looked into Steve’s eyes, which had lost their glow and innocence to lack of sleep and recent events - just as his probably had. A blue that once rivaled that of the blue sky, were now clouded with grey like on a rainy day. He realized just then how much he had wanted to connect his eyes with Steves. All fear was gone and it felt like nothing around them mattered but just them. He craved to just give in and throw himself in the embrace of the man opposite of him, which he knew used to make him feel so save. To hold on and never let go again. He wouldn’t be able to lie to himself any longer, that Steve didn’t suffer as much from it as he did. Tony could feel his hand twitch and before he could give in, he broke the eye contact, shifting his front towards the window again. The spell was broken.
“Yes. But we asked a little bit around. It seems that Clint survived but we had problems contacting Fury. We believe … he’s gone too.”
“There’s a lot you didn’t know Steve. Which leads me back to what I wanted to talk about with you. Regarding Tony.” Rhodey took a deep breath, shifting his weight again.
Steve’s eyes looked so sad and guilty and Natasha knew hers didn’t look better but she tried. She tried to look at him comfortingly, blinking away the tears that were starting to form in her eyes again. Seeing Steve so broken broke something in her too.
He could literally smell the shock from the 2 Alphas. But it was also written in their faces. Natasha’s hands covered her mouth in shock, her eyes already watery. Rhodey focused on Steve and before said Alpha could intervene he continued:
“I think deep down I’ve already forgiven you in those two past years.” Tony suddenly says, turning to find Steve’s eyes again. Steve felt hope well up in him as he locks Tony’s eyes to his own, a little smile creeping up his lips.
And Rhodey gave in. How he always did, because he knew Tony was right. It was his way of coping and it was how he worked. “Ok. I think you would like to continue your talk with Shuri, the lead innovator and current Queen of Wakanda, but I will only lead her to you after a nurse had a quick check up on you!”  He would insist on that.
It was him that had the honor of carrying Tony away. Pepper had asked him, and he couldn’t say no. If it was the last time, he ever could hold Tony in his arms again, he would take it. Even if it was his lifeless body. He couldn’t stop his tears and he did not dare to look down on Tony as he held him close to his body. Only when he had to lay him down, did he look at Tony’s lifeless face again and he felt himself fall apart even more.
“Not signing would mean we would be forced to retire. Thing is, Tony, Natasha and I were Pro and Steve and the others Con …” it took some time explaining everything that had happened 2 years ago. Now it sounded so utterly useless and childish. God, they had been so dump, Rhodey thought.
They had seen Rhodey tense next to Tony. Surprisingly there could be seen a little shift in Tony too. That had been new; he was used to such kind of questions. But whatever it had been, he had shrugged it off rather quickly, evading the press conference any further: “Seeing as the questions all have turned more personal than regarding the topic, I will now close this press conference. Thank you.”
Bucky looks at him for a while and nods. “What about Captain America?” he asks. “He cannot just disappear like that.”
Tony was gripping tightly on Steve’s shirt, pushing himself closer to the Alpha. Neither of them fighting for dominance, they were both enjoying and reveling in it too much.
“Exactly. Well, he used his time stone to look in, I think, 14 million different realities, searching for a successful outcome against Thanos. We only won in one.” The last sentence was spoken with a shrugging voice. Tony took a brief pause before continuing, ignoring the wary looks the survivors were shooting at each other: “And I believe we are in that one reality where we can win. Strange never told me exactly how we did it but according to his last words and the fact he voluntarily gave the time stone to Thanos, I am pretty sure that that’s the fact.”
Shuri was sporting a smug smile towards Tony now. She didn’t quite idolize Tony Stark or his inventions but she had respect for him. He had made some good inventions and maybe he had sometimes inspired her for some of
“The reason I chose Bucky was because I couldn’t let him die. Not only to protect him from others but most importantly from himself and his guilt. Because I couldn’t stop myself from thinking that he needed me. But I did not choose him as my lover. I would never choose him over my lover. He’s like a brother to me. I would never –“
Tony didn’t want to hear the words from Steve. Because hearing that Steve still loved him, ... he couldn’t bear hearing that right now. But who was Steve when not stubborn.
“Oh.”  Steve stays where he is, intensely uncomfortable.  He crosses his arms over his chest but just as quickly drops them back down to his sides, then crosses them again.
“Is it the war?” Sam asks, bluntly. “You know more than most that sometimes this shit just comes back and bites you without rhyme or reason, Steve. Bucky’s been doing good for a long while now but that don’t mean he’s always gonna be good. It’s a marathon, not a sprint.”
“Barnes is alive,” Tony assures him, using JARVIS to check the man for a pulse and finding it steady and strong.  He’s just out like a light.  “He’s sleeping it off, but he’s safe.”
Tony wavers, debating furiously in silence, and is about to knock when the sliver of warm light seeping from underneath the door abruptly goes out.
“I had to go pick something up.”  Bucky comes to his side, surprisingly close, and sets the bag down on the counter with a grunt.  A package of Fifth Avenue bars tumbles loose.  Tony tosses it back into the bag.
“I want you because he wants you,” Bucky’s teeth pull at Tony’s ear lobe, now. Tony’s about to lose his mind. “Love you ‘cause he loves you.” Like he knows this is too much for Tony to process, Bucky doesn’t give him any time to let that news sink in. “Make him come, Tony. I want to see him come on your dick.”
“Tell it to the trees, buddy. I also got a better vaporizer and Bruce sent a new batch of that eucalyptus oil you can snort – there are much more fun things to put up your nose, but okay – and he made this peppermint, rosemary, beeswax stuff to put on your chest to help with the congestion.” Tony carefully rearranges Steve against his side so he can lean over, dig into the nearest paper bag which has helpfully fallen over within reach. He pulls out a small tub, screwing off the lid. The mixture reeks, the peppermint so strong it tickles Bucky’ nose even from where he’s standing.
Tony retreats into his office, pushing the door closed behind him.  At a loss for what to do, feeling like he’s crawling in his own skin, he crosses to the clock on the mantel and winds it, just in case it needs it.
“I’ll be at the res and then back to Brooklyn if you need me.”  Steve states.  He waits a moment to see if Tony will reply but Tony’s already plugging the treadmill back into the wall.
“Ugh. Could you just come over here? This is a stupid conversation to be having shouting across the room.”
He surprises Steve further by dancing casually, expertly executing a pair of tap moves as easily as walking in step.  He ignores Steve’s flabbergasted look; he just winks and ambles on, continuing to hum the song to himself.
Tony pulls Steve close, nuzzling his face against his soft, golden hair and breathing in his warm, comforting smell. It’s a mix of his Castile soap and the sandalwood of his Kiehl’s shampoo, Barbasol shaving cream and a faint splash of fading Blenheim cologne, and something underneath it all that’s distinctly Steve.
“Sorry, which shirt?” Tony greets him, coming from around the corner where he’d been reorganizing some of his tools. He probably had heard maybe a third of what Steve just said.
“I’m just saying, a little Armani never hurt anyone,” Tony scowls, flipping up the bottom of Phil’s tie with a flick of his finger.
Captain America.  So that makes me Dennis Hopper and that’s fine because frankly, shoe fits like a glove.” He claps his hands together once and walks in the direction of the car, pausing halfway there to wait for Steve to get with the program.
“What’d I do?” Clint squawks, changing his position on his perch to get eyes on Nat.  Tony doesn’t blame him.
Fury wordlessly slides his G&T in front of him and hands Sam a whiskey on the rocks, his usual order when he’s not on the clock. Generally, most clubs in L.A. won’t serve even their own Black wait staff or entertainers, but on quiet nights like tonight Nick does what he wants. It is his place, after all, even if Pierce gets the credit.
.”  Tony comments, his hand moving to rub suggestively between Steve’s legs.  The table would have totally hid the move if Steve hadn’t reacted reflexively, jerking his knee upward and cracking against the wood with a thud that sends the silverware rattling.   Steve’s face is bright red, now.
“You’re onto me, Rogers.” Bucky goes to clap him on the shoulder again but stops himself. He closes his fist instead and gives Steve a half-hearted punch to the bicep.
Steve tells himself he shouldn’t be hurt that Tony’s walking away so easily and quickly, but he kind of is.  He stares after Tony, at a loss for what to do now.  He supposes he should leave.  It’s pointless to stand here alone.
, Steve. He was.” Tony winces, because if Steve really hadn’t heard Bucky’s confession out on the balcony, that wasn’t really his secret to tell.
Not wanting Steve left on uneven footing, he takes Steve’s hand again and moves it lower. He’s fully erect, the line of his cock visible through his trousers. Tony wants Steve to feel it, to know it’s all because of him, for him. He tilts his head, nuzzling against the side of Steve’s face. Steve groans quietly, lips warm on Tony’s skin as his mouth slides over the curve of his neck.
“I used to draw and paint because I was too weak to do anything else.  Now, well…maybe I’m ready for something more physical.”
He tugs on Steve’s hand, urging him to lean over and look.  Stark Tower is easy to spot, taller and brighter than nearly everything else in the skyline.  Only 1 WTC climbs higher, and even Tony doesn’t begrudge that.
“Like I said, I don't seem to remember any scenes that needed a penguin suit,” Tony comments. “Did something get added in without my knowing?”
No one’s around when he actually gets back, though.  He heads to the kitchen alone, JARVIS going through the list of appliances and items Thor has broken since he returned this time.  The dishwasher is toast, and he doesn’t understand how Thor managed it.  There’s spaghetti sauce all over its interior and it looks like there may have been a fire.  The god has a gift for pointless destruction.   He’s glad Thor’s only on planet every so often and spends most of that time with Jane Foster.  She can bear the brunt of his utterly ridiculous behavior.
"We aren't." Steve's hand went to his neck briefly touching the place where an alpha would likely leave their mark.
The two took time washing each other, leaving when the water turned cold. Once they were dressed, Steve led Tony to his nesting couch. They had a few hours until their appointment with Edith. Sleep was the perfect way to use that time. He wrapped his arm around his mate’s waist, not wanting to risk him escaping. Steve didn’t close his eyes until he was sure Tony was asleep. He yawned, cuddling closely to Tony’s neck.
“There’s no getting out. I’ve tried.” Rune hugged himself. “They do bad things if we try to get out.”
“Yes, it an omegas scent sweetens as they enter pregnancy. So these a very much necessary if you want to keep this a secret.”
They went to the control room Fury was waiting for them there. Taking a seat at the table where they first gathered. Several of which were empty.
They made it to the New York S.H.I.E.L.D facility. They decided to keep the pups together, believing it would help them better deal with shock. A thin curtain divided the room with a twin size bed on either side of the curtain.
“Off." He whined as the alpha pulled away from him. Steve licked his lips when he got the full view of Tony.
“We’ll drop you off at the nearest S.H.I.E.L.D. agency. There are other things that need to be handled,” said Phil.
“I know. We’ll go to Howard's mansion. I've had it updated to have anything we could possibly need. It’s been ready for a few weeks now," said Tony.
Piper nodded. She used to play with Papa and Daddy all the time. She never won but never felt bad about losing. They made it fun for her. They made everything fun.
Steve woke around five in the afternoon. His nest was empty. He should have kept a tighter grip on his husband. On their front yard was a giant stuffed rabbit. He blinked, making sure it was actually there.
"In the simplest term. Your pup will be powerful. In mind and body. She'll do great things," she said.
Getting Steve to eat the last few days proved difficult with his constant morning sickness. Unlike betas, omegas didn't get a break from morning sickness when they were further along; it lasted the entire pregnancy. They went to the kitchen. Steve kept slowly ate, while he watched over him. The elevator doors opened.
Steve's line of thinking wasn't surprising given the era he'd grown up in. Even more so since Steve approaching his preheat. If they still lived in that era, what Steve said would be very much true.
“Captain Rogers, you doing that one right corrected a great deal of wrong faced by omegas,” she said.
“Good morning." He forced a smile, hoping it would ease the upcoming awkwardness. He loved spending time with Edith in any setting, but this one. Edith had his trust, and that’s all that mattered.
Fury arrived at Stark Tower. His team hadn’t responded quickly enough to the threat. The doors of the building automatically opened. That was first normally had to force his way through.
Tony took a breath. There were no impurities in Steve’s scent. “There’s nothing wrong with you, Steve. The reason why it feels so much more intense is that you’re with an alpha you trust, me. There are no emotional restraints, slowing it down."
There was no previous data on his response to children. His behavior seemed to stem from something more than an instinctual alpha urge to protect a pup. But what? Could he have recognized a familiar element in Piper that she shared with Steve? Doubtful. It was more likely that he was responding to the super soldier element in her scent.
“It’s nothing bad. Your heat will only come every three months. Your next heat will hit sometime in late January,” said Edith.
There was an explosion of white dust behind him as the metal disk lodged in the cement wall. If her aim were better, that could have easily killed him. Piper sighed at that realization and deflated. She was taking out her frustration on the wrong person. Winter didn’t deserve that. He’d been nothing but good to her. “I’m sorry, Winter.” Piper’s voice was small, chagrinned.
He looked into those gentle chocolate eyes. They were still as sharp as they were the first time he met her.
He listened to the classic rock station Tony had on. Five minutes later Tony came back. He carried a small evergreen wreath with a white ribbon winding through it. Tony placed it on his lap.
Alpha was pulling away! He grabbed the alpha's jacket, keeping him close. A growl, almost leaving his throat. His eyes widened. Tony was smirking playfully. He pulled his hands away.
He nodded. She ate the entire meal too tired to care what it was. She yawned, before crawling back into bed, burrowing under the scratchy blanket. Piper really missed the soft fluffy blankets of her bed at home. After a while, she got up and made a small nest out of the large blanket. It wasn’t as good as the ones Papa built her, but it was better than nothing. Winter stared at her.
“I don’t know. I wish I could say we’ll find her right away, but I can’t. But I won’t give up until I find her.”
“I shouldn’t be wasting my time doing this.” She slammed down the pieces she was working on. They shattered. Tony caught her arm before she could storm upstairs. Piper yanked it away and climbed further up the stairs so she could have the upper ground. She growled at him, baring her teeth, challenging him. Tony resisted his first instinct to snarl back. A blue light shimmered through the color of her eyes.
Gary jumped out the back of the van to complete his mission. The beta signaled that it was ready. Tony logged into Rhodey's account, pulling up anything to do with AIM. A video interview with Chad Davis played. Among others was the woman who attacked him at the bar. She was missing an arm when this interview had taken place. The camera panned over to Killian, telling of the warning of the dangers of the experiment.
“Yeah, just like the giant hole in the ceiling is nothing,” said Tony. The scent of Steve’s distress was suffocating, but mixed with it was Piper’s calmer tone.
"Until things settle, you are the child's temporary guardian. I will take lead from this point forward," said Fury.
“I don’t know. I wish I did,” said Barny. He wished he could give Steve an answer. S.H.I.E.L.D. wish to keep him a secret until there was a great need for him.
Steve growled, rising from his seat. He backed Natasha into a corner, hating where this conversation was heading. “Drop it!”
"Mine, aren't perfect, but I don't have to worry about a toddler with genius-level IQ and super strength. Imagine what that will be like as a teenager,” said Clint.
Steve smiled. It was difficult picturing the stern yet kind woman he worked with during the war as a parent. He never thought her a mothering type. If they ever had the chance to be together he’d be the one carrying a child.
"Yes, but after you do, I want you to leave us. They have to come and talk to me on their own. It may take me weeks to gain enough of their trust to even start taking the steps to treat them. You'll have to be patient."
They never talked about children. It was a vague possible idea for the future. He clenched and unclenched his hands trying to regain his previous calm. He rushed to sink throwing up whatever remained in his stomach. Natasha rubbed his back. He slowly raised his head. Nat offered him a paper towel.
Tony blinked, not sure if he was hearing his mate right. Maybe all the caffeine was finally getting to him? “Say that again?”
They opened the door to the small room. Banner stood leaning against the counter his head down in thought. He was dressed in several old jackets. Around his neck was a thick knitted gray scarf that was fraying at the ends. Bruce had grown out his hair, revealing more of its natural curl. A salt and pepper beard covered his jaw.
Tony’s heart raced. He was so genuine. Tony caressed Steve’s cheek. Steve leaned into his touch. He’s so perfect.
“A penguin named Theodore?” Carl repeated, focused on his mother. When she was gone at work, he would often replay her research details to himself. Keeping a little bit of Mommy with him while he waited for her to come home.
He rocked his hips against the alpha, taking him at his own pace. Steve moaned as Tony pressed against his sweet spot. He tried to quicken the pace. Tony’s grip on his hips tightened. He yelped when Tony's teeth grazed against his skin.
“Yes, she may be old, but she’s kept her sources within S.H.I.E.L.D. She’s better than any virus I could place on their system."
He took them back to their room. The mess had been cleaned; too thoroughly for his liking. The bleachy smell was irritating. Winter grabbed a set of clothes for her and set them on the bathroom counter. He went into the bathroom and turned on the shower testing the water to make sure it wasn’t too hot, then left her to bathe. The pup would use all the hot water, not that he cared. He scented the room trying to remove the harsh smell of the cleaners.
Steve returned to his apartment at the facility. Resting against his bed was his shield. He picked up the familiar object. The balance was perfect. Seventy years in the ice hadn’t changed that. There was a box on his kitchen counter. Inside it was a black tactical suit. He ran his fingers over the fabric sturdy.
About time! “What did you stop for drive-through? Swing up Park I’m going to lay them out for you,” he said. He headed toward them with a Chatori tail.
Steve noticed Piper's blank processing stare. She caught his hand before he could touch her, then realized he wasn't a threat. Piper shook her head and focused on the movie. She leaned back into Papa's side and tried to relax.
“You think I’m not? Why did Fury call us? Why now why not before? What isn’t he telling us? I can’t do the equation if I don’t have all the variables,” said Tony, before eating a blueberry.
“I didn’t use phones often. My apartment in Brooklyn at the time had a community phone. It was next to my landlord’s room, so I tried to avoid using it,” said Steve.
“You clean up this mess. If anything is missing, I’ll know. Jarvis, I want all tech on lockdown,” said Tony.
“I had to bring you here. I wouldn’t do anything to put you or our daughter in danger. Trust in this," said Tony.
Jeri signed. She’d been Stark’s lawyer from the start. Out of all the attorneys of him to pick he chose her fresh from law school. His reasoning was she seemed to have a ruthless edge sharper than most and he couldn't be more right. She handled all his legal needs in New York. Her car stopped in front of the apartment building. She walked from into the apartment building.
“Tony, they’re embodiments of my nightmares. I don’t see anyone considering such darkness beautiful,” said Steve.
“It's what happened on the train. I hacked into the S.H.I.E.L.D. database. I gather all the information from that event. In short, all those numbers mean it wasn't your fault, Steve. The strength of the metal, the speed of the train and other variables point out that it wasn’t your fault,” said Tony.
Winter rushed to her side. He pressed his ear against her chest and was relieved to hear the steady sound of her heartbeat. He cradled her in his arms.
They had to be professional in public. Everything in him wanted to nuzzle against the alpha's neck. They loaded Loki into the jet and restrained him. Natasha strapped Loki in. The entire time the man kept a playful smirk but said nothing. Steve doubted the restraints would hold. Loki's scent surprised him. It was sweet. A clear marker of an omega. It was a combination of rosemary and cinnamon. Loki is an omega. The only reason he picked it up was his enhanced senses. That green eyes glare set him at unease. He was planning something. It was all too easy. Steve saw the footage of Thor. Loki came from the same lineage and possessed the same strength. He was holding back. Steve's inner omega urged closer to Tony.
"You can want all you like, Rumlow, but I'm in charge. Nothing happens without my approval. If you have an issue with that take it up with Pierce," Zemo said.
“Alright,” he said. Steve settled in the seat next to her. He closed his eyes and moments later he was snoring.
"I'm sorry for that, but it's the job you agreed to. You will report whatever information you gather over the span of his pregnancy to me. Steve is right to fear any of the data related to his pregnancy getting out, but we may need the information gathered from it in the future," said Fury.
“I’m just glad you didn’t crack my ribs in the process,” said Tony. He was covered in Steve’s sweet scent, and the omega was coated in his.
"Her heartbeat is strong. I don't see any external damage. I'll have to take some samples," she said.
“I know, baby girl. Neither me or Papa thought that. I understand that more than you can possibly know," said Tony.
Steve froze at the doorway when saw Kate and Tony. The two were sizing each other up. Silent aggression charged the air just waiting for a spark. Steve had seen this before, but never thought it would have over him. Some omegas loved this but Steve hated it.
Tony went to the bathroom to check on the bath. His heart was racing in his chest. It was finally time.
Piper jumped away when ignited with the bright white light. They charged at each other again. Hand locking on each other’s arms. Each surging their strength to push the other back. Their arms ached and started shaking after a few seconds of the great strain.
“How?!” That shouldn’t be possible. Sir was in a high-security S.H.I.E.L.D facility under constant supervision.
“I’m was one of must feared instructors. Only five of my class survived my training. They became some of S.H.I.E.L.D’s top agents,” said Natasha.
Those tearful blue eyes did a number on him. They had the same effect as Steve’s -something he would do anything to repair. There was nothing he could do to mend this. Was it to soon to call Steve? It would be twelve in Egypt, the middle of the workday. Waiting until night would be better.
His little girl was gone. He gripped his phone tightly. Whoever did this was a dead man. He called his mate.
Their pace slowed, barely missing several pitfall traps with spiked barbs. The space was too large for the average person to jump.
"You needed a map to figure that out?" It seemed like an unnecessary waste of effort for someone like Piper.
“I did, so I thought you would too. And not just the bad dream, is it?” Piper shook her head. “It’s harder for people like you and your papa. You need to work out some energy. You were constantly challenged worked your body has adjusted to that pace of life.”
“Not my kind of award,” said Tony with a shrug. Steve smiled. Tony brought him a beer. He took a sip before setting it down.
"I'm sure there are things more worthy of your attention, Happy. Such as setting up security for the wedding. You are our head of security," said Steve.
“Your ledger is dripping, gushing red and you think saving a man more virtuous than yourself will change anything? This is a basis sentimentality. This is a child’s prayer. Pathetic,” he growled. He expected more from her. She failed to be as entertaining as he'd hope.
"Not that kind special. Unique is better fitting. You and Tony will be able to handle the needs unique for super-powered potentially genius, pup. I don't think many would be suited to handle what could come with this. Steve even if this child doesn't inherit yours or Tony's abilities people will always be after it," said Bruce.
Steve stared blankly at the canvas in front of him, unable to pick up a paintbrush. Five days, 120 hours without his daughter. Their home was no longer a home. The warm comfort gifting it that title had drained from its walls. All that remained was an imprisoning husk, crowded with reminders of who was missing. Steve and Tony were incapable of fixing it.
Tony took his hand, leading him to the lab. It had been a couple of years since they really spent time here together. When Piper was a baby, it was easiest to get her to fall asleep in the nesting couch there, while Tony was working. His nesting couch was still tucked into the corner of the lab.
There was no recognition. He came closer. Steve snarled, tensing further, before launching at him. The omega came crashing down on top of him, pinning him. Their eyes locked. Tears dropped onto his face.
A towel was tossed at her. She dried off and took a moment to enjoy the fantastic feel of fresh, clean clothes. The small bliss was ruined when she was shoved to the ground. She didn't fight as her arms were forced behind her back again, nor even when she was muzzled.
The rest of his day was spent locked away in his apartment. On his desk were several large stacks of books. Coulson got them for him. They ranged wildly in subjects. He sorted through the book stopping on a familiar title The Hobbit. It came out when he was nineteen. The colorful blue and green mountain range on the cover was what first drew him to the book. He'd bought it on an impulse. Steve fell in love with the story. He related to Bilbo. Reading the book so many times that its spine broke. Bucky bought him a new one. He settled on the couch with the book.
“I’m fine, Jarvis. If you even try and tell Tony, I will tear this tower apart until I find a way to unplug you!”
Steve was tired and in no mood to deal with this. Edith and Tony were adults capable of figuring this out themselves.
“There’s no quick fix. If there was one, I would have found it. But there are things that can help."
“Her DNA has confirmed what I hypothesized. Not only will she possess a strength possibly greater than yours, Steve, and also a highly effective healing factor. But, you’ve heard this before. We need to bring in a genetic specialist for both of them. I've recommended Dr. Helen Cho,” said Bruce.
A bald man with an eye patch stepped out of the car. He had a dangerous aura to him, which set him on high alert. “Who’s that?” asked Rune.
"I know I'm a stranger to you, Steve, but if you ever need something feel free to call," said Rhodes.
"I will be honest with you. Since one else is," she said. Honesty was something she couldn’t usually afford in her profession.
"The people who take care of you and love you." There was no understanding in Rune's gaze. And she was too tired to explain further. "What happened?"
Dark, greasy hair hid his eyes so Piper’s eyes slid to the man’s arm metal. The engineer in her couldn’t help being curious. A union of metal and flesh was unnatural. He was forced to accept it. Deep claw marks mauled the flesh around his shoulder joint. The alpha tucked his arm away from Piper’s lingering gaze.
Piper’s new daily routine was focused solely on physical training with Winter. Without Lena, there was no one to take over her academic studies.
He couldn’t stop himself from whining. His alpha should be with him. “Is there any way you can cancel?”
Tony woke up. Steve back was pressed against his chest. He peeled away from Steve, getting out of bed. It would be hours until Steve woke up. He quietly walked to the bathroom quickly showering. Tony had to go to the store or there be hell to pay. He walked over to the bed. Steve was spread on his stomach, snoring. His hair a mess, but he couldn't look more beautiful.  He placed a gentle kiss on Steve's temple before leaving.
"I don't think she'll leave the property," said Steve. But that didn't make things much easier. It was a massive piece of land.
She begged him to make it stop. He wasn’t sure what she wanted to him to stop. Even if he did know, there wasn’t anything he could do about it. There was no pattern to her fits. But they always happened right when she was about to sleep. The pup had gone without sleep for seventy-two hours. She relaxed slightly.
Piper pressed into his leg as the cell wall retracted into the floor. Lena dragged a folding chair inside with her. She was in their territory. He shook his head. No, it wasn't his territory. He didn’t
“I can’t, sir,” said Steve. He couldn’t put his baby at risk. His only duty was to his unborn pup. Something both sides of him agreed on.
The parents nodded. At this moment, that little boy knew their daughter better than they did. It was a painful realization, but it was true. They had to put their faith in Rune.
Steve wrapped his arms around Alpha. He nosed against his throat, breathing his scent. Alpha tucked him into the nest beside him.
“You are too young hear such things in detail. I witnessed cruelty and depravity on a level I thought impossible and experienced deep loss. And sometimes my mind brings me back to moment."
Steve pushed the alpha back into the bed, crashing their lips together. Only for Tony to flip them over.
There was no stopping his omega. He could lock down the house, but Steve could easily break through its defenses. "Promise me you'll be careful."
Tony woke in the master bedroom. Steve had moved him. The omega always moved him to their bedroom. He would enjoy some physical contact while he was actually awake, Tony thought grumpily. Steve had been so distant lately. Hopefully, he would snap out of it. Tony wanted to talk about it, but it was a conversation Steve didn’t seem ready to have yet. Forcing him to talk would only lead to another shutdown. Tony missed their morning routine, whereby Steve would leave a mug of fresh coffee on his bedside table for him to wake up to, and when he went to the kitchen, he'd find Steve working on breakfast. Then, later in the day, Tony would either make or order dinner. Tony rubbed his temples. Why was this affecting him so much?
The pup cuddled against his chest. She started making that odd fluttering sound again. Piper yawned, her eyes growing heavy.
Steve only brought him closer, borrowing closely to his chest. Tony sighed settling back down, earning a tired purr. He closed his eyes for a few minutes.
Steve couldn’t resist. He picked her up. She nuzzled him, purring. He hugged her closer. Earning a happy sigh and louder purrs. He couldn’t stop the tears from tumbling over. Piper looked up at him, wiping them away.
“It’s nothing. I’m like you and Piper. I heal quickly. Go back to sleep,” said Steve. He pulled the blanket comfortably over the pups.
“That’s a good way of putting it, but I wish I had more time to enjoy the first one,” said Steve. He didn’t want to linger on the thoughts of what he missed. Steve joined Peggy on the couch. A corgi jumped onto the cushion beside him. The dog pounced on his chest, bracing its short legs against him. It licked his cheek. Steve smiled happily, scratching the dog behind its ear. “Who's this?”
Steve dug his fingernails into his scalp. He couldn't get their screams out of his head. If he couldn't help
The process was repeated with Rune. He was a bit twitchy but otherwise fine. Dr. Star offered him an array of lollipops.
Natasha spotted Rune watching them. Maria and Pepper gushed about the boy and were not put off by his abilities. Even though the boy caught his room on fire several times. He picked up the subtle similarities between the boy and Thor. Natasha put Piper down.
They pulled up to the Natural History Museum. Tony led him to a back entrance. He knocked on the door three times. An elderly security guard let them in.
Barny was caught off guard, barely managing to hide his expression. Steve never started the conversation, with the exception of maybe a greeting. “What did she ask you?”
Tony woke moments later. Steve’s side of the bed was empty. The scent of the omega’s arousal lingered on the sheets. Tony pulled back the blanket, revealing a small damp spot. From the bed, he heard the shower running.
Tony took a large swig of the drink. The hot sugary drink was a shock to his system. "I'm surprised you remembered how I take my coffee."
Piper’s muscles locked suddenly in terror, unable to take her further, her gaze focused on the rising and falling of the alpha's chest. Her pursuers halted a few feet away, refusing to come closer. They were scared. A masked alpha stepped forward, smelling of gunpowder and pepper.
Tony finished his coffee and got dressed. Hopefully, he wouldn't give the old girl a heart attack at what he planned to ask her.
“I’ll take him to S.H.I.E.L.D. custody and then met you for shawarma. Whatever delicacy maybe,” he said before flying out the window with Loki.
Once she finished her meal, Sir entered. He kneeled beside her, yanking her up by her hair. She hissed. A thick collar was strapped to her neck. Its weight forced her to bow her head. The others she'd worn weighed nothing were easy to forget out. This one was meant to remind her of her place.
"It's that simple," said Steve. He tried to smother his jealousy. Their lives were isolating enough and he refused to begrudge his mate and his child the kinship born of mutual understanding. He had his own unique bond with Piper, he reminded himself.
The alpha left, slamming the door shut behind him. She sighed. Alphas and their flair for the dramatic. But men like Rumlow had a purpose. Without him, she wouldn't have obtained Piper. So, she would tolerate him for the time being.
, Steve was on the verge of an episode. He sat Steve on the couch. Steve was frozen in a trance. He took off Steve’s boots. Then he slid off the omega’s jacket. He was going to get that therapist. Steve hadn’t been ready for Arlington. Getting Steve out of this would take time.
Steve’s hold on was loose enough for him to sit. He edged out of bed and quietly snuck out. Rhodey stood in the center of the penthouse, shocked.
The armor wrapped around him. He lifted Steve from the floor and put him in bed. Tony made a nest around him.
“Don’t look so bitter. I’ll be back soon,” said Tony. Steve’s arms remained crossed clearly pissed off, but too polite to admit it. He sighed.
Two beta males were moving around them. She gained nothing else from their scent. The urge to scream returned when a rubber-gloved hand touched her. Something was tied tightly around her arm. She yelped as something sharp pricked her arm.
Lena smiled. Her smile was uncomfortable, unpredictable, and left Piper with questions. Sometimes it was fake other times it was real. Sometimes she couldn’t tell.
The next day Edith arrived at Stark Tower. Happy was waiting for her in the lobby. He offered her a cup of coffee.
Steve sat on their bed, turning his phone around his hand. He didn’t want to make this called. Steve didn’t want to know the answer. He wished Rhodes gave him the idea. With a breath, he took out his phone.
The line went dead as his time ran out. Shelter and time was what he needed. A little further out he spotted a garage. It seemed to be abandoned. He pushed open the door, grabbed his suit and dragged it inside, dropping it onto the couch. It smelled of dust.
It didn't take long to get to the airport. They got onto the plane. It was about a two-hour flight. Flying always made Steve tired, his eyes were growing heavy.
The smell of coffee woke him up slightly. Tony handed him a mug. He took a sip, savoring it for a moment. Even though caffeine in such low doses did nothing for him the smell had the effect.
Piper and Rune looked up from their game. Their highly tuned hearing picked up on the chaos outside. From Rune's windowless cell Piper could gain no further information on what was happening.
Steve climbed into bed with him, bringing him close.  The omega’s skin smelled of lavender oil, which complemented his scent perfectly.
Tony came up from his lab awhile later. Steve was almost asleep with Piper in his arms. She was playing with his fingers. Piper smiled when she saw him coming. Tony carefully took her from Steve's arms. The omega's eyes slowly opened.
Lena’s promises didn’t mean much but it was all she had to go on. As she was pulled out the door she whispered, “I’ll get us out.”
Steve leaned his head against Tony’s chest, listening to his heartbeat. Steve jolted himself away. Too much touch would only speed up his heat. He slid out of his seat, making space between himself in the alpha. “I’m going back to sleep."
His hands kept shaking. He opened a drawer in his desk, taking out a bottle of scotch. Tony poured himself a glass returned it to the drawer. He quickly downed. His hands steadied.
They stood in front of a tall building, called the Porto Bay Rio Internacional. “This is our hotel?” said Steve.
While Tony cooked he looked over the groceries. A jar of Nutella caught his eye. It looked like spreadable chocolate. "What's this?"
He’d spent less than a day with Tony, and he was already thinking of him in that way. It was only his heat making him see things in such a way. He had to find the alpha.
“By some miracle, I got it. I couldn’t accept not when so many were giving their lives,” said Steve.
He’d forgotten that he’s set up the camera there. The footage appeared in front of him. For the second time today, he saw Steve Rogers. Steve pulled a letter from his pocket. He watched the omega body’s langue change from sadden to angered. With a single punch destroyed the giant oak tree shading the graves. Tony wished he’d added audio to that surveillance system.
Steve went rigid as fingers pressing into him. He gulped down his fear, nosing against Tony's neck, hoping it would soothe his nerves. It did little to calm him. Yelping as the digits pressed further. Tony pulled away instantly. The alpha gently cupped his face.
Rhodey smiled. It was an honor. He'd be happy to help out, but Tony would need to figure it out first. “Thank you, Tony. I will protect it like it’s my own. Whose godmother?” he asked.
He would love to visit Bucky in Arlington, but he wasn't sure if he was ready. Bucky deserved such an honor. He was desperate to visit an empty marker. Buck's body was never found. His family was never able to say truly say goodbye. At least he had no family to leave behind.
“I don’t. You are a stranger to me. And you have the frightening objective of getting into my head. That gives me all the more reason to dislike you,” said Piper.
“That’s an easy one. Every engineer here aims to replicate it. Igor Pirosky. His work was beyond his time.”
The tears started up again. His fist slammed into a nearby tree. It collapsed. He couldn’t stop them. One of the reasons he went for Peggy was he thought an alpha like Howard would have no interest in him. Steve loved her. There was no question in his heart on that, but there was something between him and Howard. He would have at least liked to chance to confront him on those feelings. So many what-ifs were running through his mind. Steve managed to regain himself. He carefully folded the crumpled letter and tucked it back his jacket pocket. Steve nearly struck out when someone touched his shoulder.
“I suggest against saying anything foolish or my weapon may accidentally discharge,” warned Natasha.
"I'll see you in a week then. I've got about fifty calls to return," said Pepper. She turned on her heels heading toward the elevator.
The defeat in Piper’s eyes was clear. That spark of ever-present hope had faded from her blue eyes. She lay, a deflated mess, in the chair, whimpering. Tears streamed down her cheek.
Steve pressed close to Tony. After seventy years trapped in the ice, he’d found love again. He’d survived the horrors of war, yet he found such love, unlike so many of the war.
The next morning Steve woke up. His abdomen was aching. Where was he? The soothing scent of his alpha made all his questions disappear.
“Strategic Homeland Intervention Enforcement Logistics Division. An organization founded by Peggy Carter, Chester Philips, and Howard Stark. Created to protect the world,” said Fury.
“Don't say sorry. I wouldn't want to be this either," he said. But what else could he be? Was there anything else he could do? He had no skills outside the ones given him.
Tony smiled when he was locked in a powerful hug. Steve nuzzled against his neck. The warm greeting melted his stress. Steve's reaction was due to the freshness of their bond and pregnancy hormones coursing through him but he enjoyed it. They went to the kitchen. He took out the box of donuts he got along with some much healthier options. They enjoyed a quiet breakfast.
The two guards shot at the same time. Bullets harmless pinged off his armor. Rhodes crashed through the window taking them out. Rhodes pointed his gun at Trevor.
It went dark as she shut them in. There was a buzz as the lights flicked on. At the center of the rectangular room was a unique chair. George sat down. Feeling slightly claustrophobic from the panels on either side of his obscuring his vision. Jumping slightly when metal cuffs locked around his wrists.
Steve was strapped into an aisle seat, watching the footage of the Hulk. The bears were nothing compared to this.
“A bomb is not a bomb when it’s a misfire. This stuff always works, right pal? It's faulty but you've found a buyer didn't you. Sold it to the Mandarin."
Every sound she made further stressed him. Natasha slid off her shoes and slowly approached him, sinking down so she could be on the same level. He clutched something close to his chest. She ran her fingers through his hair, hoping to calm him.
The alpha simply shrugged. "I'll give you the tour. Well, start with the penthouse, that's where we will be spending most of our time."
He always wanted a garden. The closest thing he ever came was a window box outside his tiny apartment. Though, the only plant to survive were some red geraniums, their presence brought some much-needed color into his life. Maybe he and Piper could rehab this garden. Having a task would be a good distraction for them. All the garden needed was some weeding and pruning.
Tony had left Bloom with a panic button just in case something happened. He hoped there wouldn’t be any reason for the doctor to use it. It was difficult to leave his pup alone with a stranger. Steve was waiting upstairs in the kitchen.
“I’m not sure if I'd be of much use, but if you want me there I’ll be there,” he said. Tony couldn’t help some of the uncertainty from entering his voice. Therapy had never been something he fully trusted in. He didn’t like the idea of giving personal information to a stranger or letting someone poking into his psyche. There was also the fact he hated the lack of certainty in social sciences. Despite that, he would go for Steve. He wouldn’t be doing the talking. “Do you want me to come to this session?”
She hung up. All he had to do was tell Tony. The alpha accepted the idea of him working in theory, so hopefully, he'd be just as accepting in reality. He tucked his phone into his pocket, returning to their bedroom.
Tony put her hat back on, but in a way that allowed him to see her eyes. “Much better. What’s going on in that head of yours?”
“Check the heart. Check the heart. Is it the brain?” Something was wrong. He had to be healthy. He needed to be there for his family.
The alpha relaxed slightly. Edith didn't let her guard down. Stark was one of the most dangerous alphas she'd encountered. He wasn't only powerful but intelligent. She could counter strength, but what he could do when he set his mind to it worried her. Not only could he destroy a person physically, but in every other way, he had the smarts and funds to do. And this alpha saw her as a threat to his family. Gaining his trust would be impossible.
Piper reached for him, wrapping her hand tightly around his finger, with a power unusual for an infant. He shouldn't be enjoying this moment alone. Steve should be here. Christina returned with one of Steve shirts.
Tony collapsed on top of him. Steve pushed against the cool marble counter. His breaths came in heavy pants. The alpha's teeth slowly left his neck. Tony softly lapped away the blood from his neck, each moaning as he pulled out. He slowly got up, his legs still shaky. Tony gently touched their foreheads together. Steve purred.
"I should start cooking." He got up from the couch, putting grocery bags on the counter. "What the timeline for your surprise?"
"People are suckers for a love story, especially between a couple that seems so opposite. You have that going for you. We have to get ahead of it control the narrative," said Pepper.
Piper sighed. She wanted to be a kid too, but she also wanted to be respected for her intelligence. Older people were given more respect and taken more seriously than a three-year-old. The Stark name earned her a certain edge.
The elevator doors opened. Happy stared at the image before him, not sure how to respond to his former boss draped over Captain America's shoulder.
Tony led him to the guest bedroom. Steve fell back into the bed. The bedding smelled slightly of dust but he was too tired to care. Tony kissed him on the forehead.
Steve carefully placed the needle in Tony’s arm, taping it in place. He placed Tony in the tub. Steve washed the vomit from Tony’s mouth. He placed a cool cloth over Tony’s forehead.
Tony went to pay. Steve sighed he couldn’t do something as simple as pay the delivery boy. The alpha came back with five large pizzas. The smell was mouthwatering. He opened the boxes and started serving out the pieces. Steve hummed along with the opening song. Once done he set aside plate and cuddled up next to his alpha. After a few episodes, Tony was asleep.
“I was wrong, director the world hasn’t changed a bit,” said Steve. He moved closer to Tony and Bruce not trusting Fury. Thor and Natasha came in.
He gave the fluffy item to the pup. She held it tightly to her chest, pushing her nose into the fabric. Winter joined the child in the corner. Hiding her from direct view with his body.
It was short and sweet, which was perfect. Steve took a small sip of the champagne, not wanting to risk suspicion. Once the meal was done. Steve got up went to Peggy.
“He’s a bit testy. It's normal for omegas to be defensive. We've each gotten our share black eyes and unintentional kicks from omegas in labor, with Steve, it poses a bit more of a threat," said Edith.
He peeled himself off the couch. Steve pointed Dum-E and U to the mess on the sofa hoping they'd et the message.
“No,” he said. Steve wished he could. Steve took the glass from her, taking a timid sip. He didn't have much of a taste for wine, not be able to afford it. He took a seat on the couch while Edith and Natasha set things up.
Only a few months with Tony and he'd given him sway over him. He’d hadn’t felt this weak since before the serum. Steve was so tired. Emotional exhaustion turned to physical. He slowly sat up. Bright lights from an electronic billboard stung at his tire tear-reddened eyes. It was too bright. He closed his eyes.
The command broke through to Steve's consciousness. His eyes flew open. They were wild and scared. Steve darted to the nearest hiding place. Consciousness hadn't alleviated the terror coursing through his veins. Someone as beckoning him, but he was unable to follow.
Steve was recovering from his recent release. Tony allowed him to take a dominant position in feral state, very few alphas would permit it. He was distracted from his bliss when his inner omega scratched at the surface of his consciousness. It was begging him to let it come forth. At any other time, he would force that side of himself back, wanting to keep it hidden, but it was different. Steve gave in. Alpha instantly picked up on the change.
Tony looked around. His few remaining suits were here. They were barely functional. His insomnia may come in use. Anything that survived the explosion had been brought here in wooden crates. He didn't want to put any strain on Steve.
"You can have the bed," said Steve. It was only fair, Steve held Piper the entire flight; Tony needed bonding time now.
Tony woke a few hours later, cocooned in blankets. His arms were wrapped around Steve. The omega's soft purrs relaxed him to the core. He left the nest, refolding the blankets around Steve. The separation instantly caused the omega's purrs to stop. Tony took Steve's shield from its place on the couch and leaned it against the edge of the nesting couch.
“Tony won't be up any time soon. It was a long night,” said Steve. He blushed. “Not because of that."
"Howard's notes. He wrote down everything. It might include some of Erskine's work. Tony where did he keep his notes?" asked Steve.
Steve slowly released his arm. He kissed the omega. Tony grabbed his toolbox, placing it by the bed, not wanting to ruin the small birthing nest Steve made.
Winter did as told. Piper groaned when she was rolled onto the jet. Her cage was secured next to Rune’s. Winter sat nearest to her. Explosions echoed through the base.
The only period of silence he was granted was when Piper ate. He could stay up for days at a time with ease working on a project, but that was different. He didn't have a crying pup breaking his concentration.
Piper kicked angrily against the pen, causing it to scoot. Steve put the water on to boil. Plop, he looked back to see one of Piper’s toys floating in the water. He fished the teething giraffe from the pot.
“Yes!” Steve walked the little girl onto the dance floor. He let her stand on his toes as they danced.
Piper tried not to sigh at being called a subject, but that's was she was. She'd feel even more freakish if it were her name were continually being mentioned. Piper leaned against the arm of the couch as she flipped through the pages. She could only piece together a basic idea of what Cho was trying to say. Piper’s knowledge of biology and all related subjects was relatively basic, so she couldn't understand the advanced principles.
Steve's hands fisted. "What is it with your generation and wanting to talk about everything little thing to death? Some things aren't meant to be spoken of."
“The two of you are to spar. You’ll begin once we’ve left the room. And stop when commanded. Understood?” said Lena. Both children nodded.
There were some things the pup would be better of not telling him since he could be ordered to tell them.
“Your theory was correct. The stress of the kidnapping triggered the latent reaction between the super-soldier serum and Extremis present in her DNA," said Tony.
He snarled. Its lowness caught her off guard. She stepped back, bowing her head in submission. The man took a deep breath.
Steve sighed as Tony’s hands wandered over his skin. Their gentle touches became intimate. Gasping as Tony’s fingers pushed into him. Steve instantly pressed against the digits, trying to take them deeper. He whined as they stretched him open.
“No one is perfect, Steve. Everyone has issues, including me. If you found a way to work through all the better for you. It only proves you’re human,” said Tony.
Steve waited in the kitchen for the rest of his family. When they didn’t show, he checked in their bedroom. Piper and Tony were cuddled up together. The scene melted his heart.
“It’s different for every patient. I had an omega in the slow stage of labor for four days,” said Jackie.
"You used to have a moral psychology. You used to have ideals. Wanted to help people. Now, look at you. I get to wake up every morning as someone who still has their soul,” he said.
Crane left him. One of the reasons Tony enjoyed having Crane for a doctor was how straight to point and efficient he was. He eased his shirt back on. Again he checked on Steve. The footage pulled up on his phone. Steve was asleep in his nest perfectly relaxed. Every part of him wanted to race home, but he had to go to the grocery store. Steve would be pissed if left him with empty fridge much longer. He hated going to the store, preferring to have it delivered.
Tony smirks as Steve falls back into the moment, before continuing. His mate whimpering and thrusting his hips down against his tongue. His finger joined his tongue, which was enough to coax out a release for his omega. He gentle pet Steve's stomach as he worked through the aftershocks. He could see Steve processing trying ration away how little they needed.
Tony’s hands were beaten from taking out aggression on the surroundings. There were dark bruises on his neck and over his chest.
“You don’t think me and Papa missed you. We’ve missed you more than you could possibly understand. The stress of looking for you has caused us to go gray. “
“Such a worrier. I have the upper ground you’d be amazed at what I can do with such a simple advantage,” said Clint.
Fury was impressed. She almost got away with it, and she used Steve’s protective instinct to help in her escape. The girl would either make for a great asset or a pain. It depended on what parent she took after most.
Tony was probably working in his lab. Piper proved to be an inspiration. He'd made vast improvements on baby proofing items. As the items were thoroughly tested they were put on market and sold rapidly. Tony tried finding ways to make them inexpensive enough so all families could afford the product. His most recent project was a diaper trashcan that actually kept in the smell.
“My legs feel like Jell-O,” said Steve, leaning against the counter. Steve noticed the damage caused to the shower floor. He’d shattered the tile at some point during his orgasm.
Steve blushed. Heat wasn’t an easy topic. In his time, it was rarely spoken of outside of private conversation. He sat on the edge of bed. His gaze focused on his hands.
Steve braced against the wall as the alpha pushed into him. Alpha’s motions were slowly and deep. His eyes widened when Tony's hand went to his arousal. His release came when Tony’s teeth sunk into his neck. The alpha’s release followed seconds later. They descended to the shower floor.
Tony carded his fingers through the omega’s hair. He stayed by his mate’s side until he fell asleep.
How would he explain this? Telling her, he fucked and knotted Steve, her true love in every position wasn’t an option. It would give the old girl a heart attack. Steve was her past and his present, but he couldn’t move any further without telling her. She was the last person he'd want to hurt.  Aunt Peggy was the closest thing he had to family. She earned his respect when he was young. Carter was the only one who was successful at keeping his father under control, not even his mother could do that, no matter how she tried. The car pulled up to her home.
The process was routine enough, though she shivered when the stethoscope touched her skin. "Stop," said Piper.
Tony had no reason to look over the footage. It would be fine. He quietly left the lab and went to make breakfast. Steve settled on cereal. He tried to calm his rapidly beating heart. Jarvis brewed some coffee.
"It's not my best," he said, crumbling the blueprints. He tossed them into the sink. They couldn't be thrown away; they'd have to be destroyed. Even his duds could be dangerous if they fell into the wrong hands.
"She's breathing clearly. Her diaper is clean and her temperature is 97.5 degrees the average for newborns," said Jarvis.
Piper whined when she was put on a cushioned examination table. The room was painted gray and lacked anything unique to distinguish it. Winter stood in the corner.
"I already told you, but it seems I must explain it again. His scent carries a familiar chemical signature of the super soldier serum. Her bearer's scent has the same signature," she said.
“Walter Cronkite. He had a nice voice and spoke the truth of what was happening in Europe and North Africa. Is he still around?" asked Steve.
“There’s no distraction from this kind of pain. Rhodes, I've been through hell and back. I would go through all of it a thousand times if it meant having her back in my arms even if it were only for a moment. So, there is no distraction,” said Tony.
Matt wanted to get a better sense of Steve. He wasn’t the average omega, but he couldn’t figure out what.
“I’m sorry Tony." He hated when that side of him showed up. Steve picked up the shattered pieces of his phone.
"Even if Piper were the average toddler she would be able to pick on such things, especially in a parent. Her being a prodigy makes her more adept at reading even subtle of emotions. Keeping this a secret will only make her more curious to what you're hiding." Barny spoke gently.
Steve jotted the ingredients of his mother’s stew. She made memorize the recipe. Passed down his grandmother to his mother to him. Promising he'd only serve it to his mate. But he was only bending the rules slightly. Tony was a potential mate. Jarvis scanned over this list. Steve didn’t know what to do with himself now.
Tony’s hand moved over his stomach. Steve smiled, his fears melting away. His alpha accepted their child. HIs child would have a family. He'd have a family.
She didn't respond to the voice. Blood dripped from her fists. Blue light coursed through her. Her hair sparkled with the same glow. She moved in front of Winter.
Steve was almost tempted. "No, it's time to wake up. Both of you out of bed and Piper brush your teeth."
He slid an iPad toward her. It had a split screen of Winter. She was forced to watch as her friends were punished for her actions. He left her with that image.
He would hang onto it as long as possible. They survived two major fights that could have put an end to their relationship. If they lasted for six months maybe he could consider getting a ring. The thought woke him up. He was considering marriage! When he reached the six-month point with Pepper she left bridal magazines scattered around the house, her way of hinting to him that it was time to pop the question. Her hinting only proved agitating and made him push off the idea. It wouldn’t hurt to put on an engagement ring on Steve’s hand though. They could always have a long engagement. He’ll get Steve’s ring size just in case.
Tony groaned. He didn’t need Jarvis to tell him. Rut was unpleasant. Some got a high from the wild strength it granted. He hated the lack of control. Steve licked his neck. For both their safety, he would have to collar Steve. He tapped the silver necklace, laced around Steve's neck. It expanded into a collar protecting the omega's scent gland. Steve wasn't agitated by its presence. It was meant to breathable. He'd made dozens of necklaces for heat protection. The collar shrunk to its original size. Jarvis could activate when they were both too far gone to.
"Jarvis actually found a match. It matched to Catalina Leon. Her death was marked natural cause. The medical examiner reported that she died of blood loss like caused by birth complications,” said Bruce.
His tone was so soft, so gentle. It made him wanted to melt into the alpha’s embrace and tell him everything. He flinched when Tony wiped a tear from his cheek. Steve pulled away from the comforting touch.
“Yeah, divide and concur it’s great. He knows he has to take us out to win right? That’s what he wants. He wants to beat us and he wants to be seen doing it. He wants an audience,” said Tony.
He froze on the history channel. On the screen was a black and white image of a young man sitting on an overturn stool staring at a burnt skeletal corpse of concentration camp prisoner. He was lost in the depravity of the moment. His head bowed as he processed the darkness before him. Steve understood the deep utter disappointment in knowing mankind was capable of such atrocity. He knew the exact questions running through man's head.
"I'm sorry for calling on a holiday, but I wanted to tell you I'm moving in with Tony. Will that be an issue?"
“Mrs. Davis your son didn’t kill himself. I grantee you that he didn’t kill anyone. Someone used him,” said Tony.
He wasn’t sure how big of a job this would be, but he was willing to give it his all if it meant protecting the world for his family.
They walked into the lobby. Steve took a seat on the couch not wanting to draw attention to himself. They’d never been together in such a public setting before.
It was reasonable excuses to get out of therapy, even if it were only for an hour. His dreams and what he saw were the last things he wanted to talk about. That could wait. He went to the lab. Natasha was watching TV on the computer.
“You feeling okay?” Steve runs a hand through Tony’s artfully messy dark brown hair as he lifts his own white wayfarers up to look at Tony more clearly, perching them on his forehead above raised eyebrows.  He has to ask; Tony’s never early.  He usually can’t be bothered to even be
“Jesus Christ, you’re warm. Normally I love you all sweaty, Cap, but this isn’t a sexy kind of glisten. You need to make it to a shower.”
“I didn’t ask, but…wait, I’m sorry…what are we even talking about?”  Bruce runs a hand through his newly trimmed hair before looking down at his clothes, which always look slightly rumpled no matter what time of day Tony encounters him.   Bruce smooths his palms down the front of his pale blue dress shirt, feeling the breast pocket of his suit coat for his glasses, and then he looks back up at Tony, confused.
Pepper hesitates and Tony stops just outside his and Steve’s room.  He leans against the wall, waiting for Pepper to answer.  She doesn’t.
“What?  It’s a lot easier for me in the armor than for you two to do it.”  He clanks off into the tower with Betty following behind.  Clint shrugs.
He once found New York, with its deep, stretching canyons and glorious noise, to be the fast-moving, fast-thinking kind of place that he could plug right into.  He could become one with the hustle and bustle and the near-electric flow of traffic and people.  As a child, he’d escape the elegant, cordoned off existence of his parents’ Fifth Avenue life and run the streets, ride the subways, eager to explore the nooks and crannies of the too-tiny yet endless island.
Tony wants to say that Steve could never be nothing to him, but he holds it back. Because he’s right – even if they did take tonight, it wouldn’t be different tomorrow.
Thor has rejoined the group on the lawn, kneeling beside Bruce and listening attentively as Bruce patiently explains the original purposes of lighting jack o’ lanterns.  He’s also lighting a third candle, trying to fit it alongside the first two in order to more brilliantly light the gourdian ode to his own love.
“And I promise you, if he says yes, I will take him to bed. I will…god, Tony, you know all the things I’m going to do. You can’t possibly—“
-” He gestures between them, trying to encompass all the strange tension that has kept them apart since Bucky returned.  “This isn’t about you not loving me.”
“Hill, what the hell do you think you’re doing?”  Fury grabs his radio from his belt and calls for backup, keeping his gun and his good eye trained on Maria Hill and the handcuffed prisoner she has by her side.
“I just…you’ve been in here for over half an hour. Just wanted to make sure you were okay.” Tony doesn’t sound concerned now, though. Even over the sound of the water and the bathroom exhaust fan, Steve can hear desire trebling his voice.
upset now than ever, yet the thought of Steve and Bucky together only stirs something weird and hot in his belly.
Tony stops moving, Fury finally saying something worthwhile.  Fury notices he has Tony’s complete attention and directs further explanation to him.
The next night Tony races in from the stairwell, panting and white-faced.  Steve drops the pane of pale blue glass he was holding and hurries to Tony’s side before he thinks better of it.
“They’re around somewhere, surely Pepper ordered some.  JARVIS, d’ya know where Pep put the candles?”
Their connection is strong, and Tony thinks maybe he should be scared by it, but in the afterglow, he can’t hold onto that concern. It fades away and he can’t bring himself to care. Bucky clings to him much more gently now, shifting between kissing him and kissing Steve. In the moment, Tony doesn’t feel excluded but instead enveloped, melting into that ampersand between Steve & Bucky, rather than wedging them apart.
“Well hell’s bells, Cap, no wonder it was so easy for you to go dark on me.”   He eyes Steve up and down.  He really should’ve taken into account that despite the ease with which Steve’s handled the 21st century, Steve’s default factory settings are still analog.  The guy probably hasn’t even got his phone with him and obviously has paid for what very little he’s needed along the way with cold hard cash.
When Tony had suggested it, he’d assumed that it would be a team outing, but it’s just him and Tony, on his birthday.  It’s the best gift he could have received, even if it meant enduring Tony’s endless ribbing about sharing a birthday with the nation.  It had taken him tracking down his original birth certificate in some World War II archive before Tony believed he’d really been born on that date and it wasn’t just propaganda.
“Forgive me, Director, but how is Tony Stark in the position to request anything?  I was under the impression he no longer wished to be a part of this organization.”  Steve tries to keep his tone respectful but there’s a demanding, annoyed edge already creeping into his words that he just can’t help.  Thankfully Fury doesn’t call him on it.
“Remember how Irv used to run away just about once a week?” Steve sneezes twice in a row, but grabs a fresh tissue and then continues on with his memory. “And she’d be leaning out that window--"
“What the – hey, you think you could’ve led with that maybe?!”  Tony calls after her, but she’s long gone and far from caring.  He grabs a hand towel from the rack and dabs at his wet clothes.  “JARVIS!  When did the Captain get here?”
“I wish you could stay,” Steve whispers when they finally part, and the way he says it, dreamy but sad, breaks Tony’s heart.
“No?”  Tony keeps his hands moving, fingers feathering along the waistline of Steve’s jeans.  “I can’t imagine saying no to you.”
His fury burns like fire, and every new revelation only fans the flames. He re-traces decades of murder and mayhem and seeks retribution.
“Come on, Tony, time to get up. I let you sleep in late today because I know you were celebrating last night, but the reviews are in, and they are glowing! Time to capitalize on the good press. Strike while the iron is hot, as they say.”
“Well.”  Steve starts, shifting slightly and glancing down toward the floor.  “Then I guess I better make sure to bring these with us when we go.”  He moves the razor and shaving cream carefully off to the side of the counter.
Tony doesn’t get a chance to reply as Natasha comes out of the house and squeezes passed the two men, ducks down the stairs toward him and Jan.
“If she does, I highly doubt she’d give it any mind. She doesn’t seem to be that faint of heart,” Steve replies, coughing to clear his throat. Half the reason he and Bucky had picked this place themselves was because the famous author’s associations with the neighborhood, though that had been Bucky’s interest, not his. Steve often reminds him that F. Scott made for a horrible screenwriter and he’d best pick a different idol, but Bucky is not to be persuaded.
.  If Steve wants him thinking clearly, this is not the way to do it.  All he can think about now is getting Steve’s naked body against his.  “But want or not, I
Tony’s cologne is rich and heady, a smell Steve’s become strangely accustomed to over the past week.  It’s a comforting scent, one that now clings to his own clothes after being by Tony’s side all day long.  Tony’s body is warm against his, and Steve wonders if dancing is really supposed to feel this good when it’s for practice.  When it’s with Tony.
Natasha silences him with a vicious right hook to the face, sending him directly back into unconsciousness.  Clint helps her heft up his prone form between them.
He heads toward the tinkling of the piano, some old Hoagy Carmichael tune a familiar comfort as he weaves through the throng of patrons near the bar and then works around the maze of round five-seater tables that fill the center of the room.
When it’s gone, Steve gathers the empty box and the still half-full bottle of scotch and he leaves.  Tony never gets an explanation as to what actually prompted the seemingly impromptu dinner, but he hadn’t asked.
Bucky breaks the kiss and pulls his hand from between Steve’s thighs, wraps it around Steve’s cock and pulls back the foreskin instead.  Bucky drops his head, the point of his tongue flicking out to lap up the liquid dribbling from the tip.  Tony moves his finger in and out of Steve almost absentmindedly as he focuses on the sight of Bucky sucking Steve’s dick, so thoroughly working over the sensitive head. Steve tangles a hand in the mess of Bucky’s long brown hair but doesn’t press down, doesn’t force anything more. What Bucky’s doing seems to be enough, judging by the dazed look on Steve’s face.
It’s a sad measure of how their lives are going that both he and Natasha breathe a sigh of relief when they find out that it’s Bruce – not aliens or Red Room or HYDRA or any other crazed maniac – that’s the cause of the problem.
No one moves.  No one speaks.  Clint sets a hand on his shoulder but Tony can’t feel it through his armor.  There are sirens Dopplering up from the ground now, the NYPD and FDNY evidently deciding any countermand from Fury isn’t going to keep them out.
Tony takes one of Steve’s hands and places it over his chest where the arc reactor used to be.  Steve loves Tony just a little more for it.
“And if the answer leads to more questions, Tony?” Steve asks, crossing his arms over his chest protectively. Tony reaches out and runs a hand through Steve’s hair.
There’s a sound, soft and unintelligible, and then everything drifts away.  He clings desperately to consciousness, struggling to just
“Oh, I’m no good, Miss – Pepper.  I’m sure Tony would love to dance with you.” Steve shakes his head, glancing Tony’s way.
“He never went further than the corner store, the damn fool. Just wanted her to worry,” Bucky chuckles along with Steve. He uses his foot to nudge the wastebasket closer to Steve’s reach as he throws the tissue away. “Wonder whatever happened to that kid. Last thing I recall, he wanted to head on out to Hollywood and get himself a blonde bombshell like Lana Turner, give his mama a heart attack.”
No one approaches him, but he’s sure there must be someone on staff eyeing him skeptically and wondering what he’s doing there. They probably have him pegged as some kind of poor, aspiring screenwriter hoping to catch someone important in the lobby to pass them a script, or perhaps a tourist hoping for an autograph or snapshot with a famous actor or actress on their way out for a night on the town.
“I’m sorry, Dr. Banner.” Steve apologizes sheepishly, which only makes Bruce chuckle.  “Spent a lotta of time in bed as a kid.  Not much to do besides read and play board games.”
The band strikes up a new tune, saxophone starting low and sultry, and Steve is walking back across the red and white tiled floor toward them.  He looks almost like he belongs in this decade, his charcoal grey sweater and fitted dark jeans making him look like a living, breathing GQ ad or the next hot new movie star.  Tony doesn’t miss how he turns a few heads as he moves through the crowd; Steve seems laughably unaware of anyone’s desiring glance.
Steve liked jazz and the blues and depressing 80s bands that sang about dying in double decker bus crashes; Tony liked classic rock and heavy metal and the occasional rapper whose talent matched his ego.  Steve liked Hawks and Wilder, Capra and Ford; Tony liked Truffaut, Cassavetes, Herzog, Roeg.  If forced to choose an Anderson, Steve went Wes – Tony, Paul Thomas.  Steve compulsively read the classics – Dickens, Tolstoy, Austen, Fitzgerald – Tony dug Vonnegut, Kerouac, Bukowski, maybe some Updike.  Steve lived and breathed art while Tony couldn’t tell the first thing about the many expensive pieces sitting in his family’s deep storage.  And Steve didn’t see the beauty in a circuit board or a perfectly soldered joint, didn’t love cars or jets, and was hopeless around an engine.   The only thing they could agree on was the awesomeness of
“I know you don’t want to see me anymore but that’s outside of work. I’m an adult. I would have done my job—all you had to do was ask.”
He’s slightly unsteady on his feet but he doesn’t feel drunk, exactly.  Alcohol used to go straight to his head when he was small; he knows tipsy and he knows sozzled. He thinks maybe he just
And there, standing at the edge of the crowd but still, somehow, seeming to be at the center of it all, is Tony. He’s beautiful. Breathtaking.
“See now, here’s where I, as the bartender, am supposed sit here patiently and let you pour out your sorrows,” Nick says, though it doesn’t sound like he has any intention of doing so.
“Oh, yes. I just…sorry, Mr. Rogers, no one else here bothers with names. But, uh, to your question – Mr. Stark left ages ago.”
Steve bites back the urge to point out that Tony has, in fact, said such things before, then takes a deep breath and lets that all go.
“Pepper, you are absolutely breathtaking this evening.” Phil offers her his arm, very obviously turning away from Tony.  “Would you care to join me for a drink?”
anymore—Stark’s always there between them, a glaring reminder that Steve was never and will never be his.
worried.” Tony stares at him, desperately wishing he could better see his face, but Bucky only shrugs slightly.
- knowing that Steve used to be weak and sickly, but finding it so hard to believe when what’s kneeling in front of him now is so strong and perfect.
“I don’t think Adonis was noted for his size in particular,” Steve corrects, mostly to keep himself from blushing at the implied compliment.
Before Steve has time to second-guess himself, he leans over and covers Tony’s mouth with his.  His move is quite sudden, a bit graceless, and he immediately worries he’s moved too fast or too hard, but Tony’s body seems to give in this perfect way that says at least one of them was expecting this.
“You won’t know until you try.” Jane pats him on the elbow and heads inside, passing Natasha on her way. Natasha clinks glasses with her as they exchange places, Jane returning to her husband’s side indoors and Natasha joining him on the patio.
“And here I was, thinking that I missed you and your dulcet tones,” Bucky says by way of greeting, tapping the visor of Clint’s trucker hat.  He insinuates himself into the group by wrapping an arm around Natasha’s shoulders.  She looks like she might want to rip the limb off.
“All right, that’s enough,” Steve interrupts the back-and-forth, knowing from previous experience that it can only get more coarse from there and not really in the mood to hear it. He backs up until he’s standing alongside Gabe as well, giving himself some space to survey their work. “Seems fine. Did Monty get final word on the color choice?”
“I thought you were supposed to be some genius.”  Barnes gets in his face.  Tony’s startled but tries not to back up, pulling his head back slightly but planting his feet.  “Steve and I are
Tony kisses his temple, then nudges Steve’s face upward with a finger under his chin. Steve blinks up at him, comforted by Tony’s soft smile. God, he loves Tony so much.
“I don’t think so.” Steve says, though he’s less sure when he has to say it aloud. What does he really know? He may never have seen Bucky act like this before, but shell shock does strange things to a man and it doesn’t always look the same. After all, he was still deep in the fight when Bucky was back in London recovering, so he didn't witness everything Bucky encountered. He doesn’t
“You bet.”  He can feel Tony shift against him, maybe wondering why their usual Saturday night game of Scrabble has been shunted aside in favor of a bro outing with Bucky, but Steve doesn’t look down.  He reaches over both Tony and Natasha’s heads to bump Bucky’s fist.
“She’s quite a dame.”  Bucky claps a hand to Clint’s knee.  Steve was right about the two of them – they get along swell.  He’s glad he’s not the only pal Bucky has now, ‘cause he’s sure he’s probably not enough.  “Maybe you should take her out.”
“Steve?”  Tony’s voice cuts into his thoughts.  Steve blinks rapidly, clearing away ghosts.  “Where’d you go?”
For some reason, this makes Tony rock with laughter.  Steve doesn’t quite get why; it’s merely an honest observation.   Tony laughs loud enough that Steve’s newly adopted cat, Fiorello, stirs from sleeping on his favorite place – Steve’s stomach – and, after shooting Tony a thoroughly pissed off look, digs his claws into Steve’s side as he launches himself from the couch.
Tony watches silently from the overlook as his black Borgward Hansa 1500 winds its way up the curving mountain road toward his house. It's polished to a high shine, the sunset glinting off its chrome detailing. Even though he can't see from this distance, he's sure that Steve is sitting in the passenger seat beside Happy, steadfast in his refusal to be chauffeured about town.
“Rogers, against orders you dropped behind enemy lines and launched a solo invasion against an enemy base, rescuing hundreds of men from crazed Nazis, and you did it all to save your friend.”  Tony states.  “So believe me when I tell you, I’m not the only one wondering why you’re letting a pesky little order from Nick Fury keep you away from Barnes.”
it took me near a month to get there, so any publicity is good publicity. Celebrate, Pepper.” He lifts his glass to her and she sighs with a put upon frown. “Thanks for the coffee, by the way.”
“Fuck,” Tony mumbles, rubbing his head and then his neck as he quickly inventories his surroundings, making note that yes, he did actually fall asleep on the floor in the lobby of his own building, and no, he’s not drunk or high or anything that could account for such strange behavior.
…the old unit got a little…destroyed?”  He makes a vague gesture of his own toward the twisted heap of scrap metal that the Mark VIII has now become.  The various pieces are laid out on another table; there’s little he can salvage.  “Yeah, I guess destroyed is the right word.”
“Pepper and Phil make a great deal of sense, Tony.”  They really do, now that he thinks about it.  Except…Phil’s line of work is only slightly less dangerous than Tony’s, and that doesn’t actually make sense where Pepper is concerned.  Everyone thought Tony died last year – Phil actually
“But there was something else I should have asked you then, and I didn’t. Because I was afraid of the answer and I didn’t want to hear it. The fact that you and Bucky had never actually been together, physically…the rest I could rationalize away. The fact that he never took you to bed and I did, that I had that and he didn’t…well, that was enough. Then.”
“Hey.” He says softly, and leans in to kiss Steve with as much assuredness as he can muster. When he breaks the kiss he leans his forehead against Steve’s, keeping close. “I fucking love you. More than anything. No matter what.”
Natasha emerges from the kitchen, shooting Clint a casual glare.  Clint’s non-plussed but Steve notices Bucky carefully keep his eyes away from Darcy’s shapely form, following Natasha as she moves across the room.  She puts a large bowl of salad and a stack of plates, silverware and napkins on the table, moving things around to make everything fit on the small space.
“God, I love being inside you,” Tony murmurs as he pushes in further, taking it slowly. He holds when he’s flush against Steve’s body, as deep as he can go. He could stay here forever. Steve always feels so good. Even when his own body is screaming at him to start thrusting, start pumping, part of him wants to remain still and watch every rise and fall of Steve’s chest, feel every flutter of muscle around his length. It’s so intimate and so damn hot that sometimes he wonders if he could come from this alone, staring and only staring at Steve until he just
“Bucky,” Steve breathes between kisses. Bucky’s hands go to Steve’s hips, broad and strong over his too-thin waist, and then Bucky pulls him firmly onto his lap. Steve doesn’t fight it; his legs spread easily on either side of Bucky’s strong thighs. He whimpers into Bucky’s mouth as Bucky palms his backside, urging their bodies closer.
Thor’s atop the Flatiron Building, attempting to re-direct the hordes as they swarm up Sixth Avenue.  The ranks of these pale blue, humanoid
“Where do you want to go?” Steve hears himself ask, frankly impressed with how unaffected he manages to sound. Inside, he’s in tumult, emotions pulling him in one direction and then the other just as fast.
But that brief hope is all he gets.  Steve moves his hand from the back of Tony’s neck to the front of his shoulder, softly stilling Tony’s movement.  Tony opens his eyes to look at Steve; his eyes had been closed too, and he slowly opens them, long dark eyelashes fluttering.  Tony plummets into the storm swelling in Steve’s gaze, his blue eyes dark and clouded.
Steve gets a bottle of water from the small fridge he’d installed and twists off the cap, handing it to Tony.
“I got a kick the first time, just because of the sheer thrill. Not so much after that, no.” Steve glances down at the plush carpet, its swirls of fronds and leaves somewhat dizzying to look at. He takes a deep breath to steady himself and looks off to his left where the candy bar sits sparkling and new.
Steve’s hand is strong against the back of his neck now and Tony closes his eyes tightly before letting Steve pull him in.  If he looks at Steve, he’ll lose the battle and the war in one fell swoop.  His willpower has never been that strong to begin with.
“Is this Red Room?” Tony demands from her as Clint clears the stairwell and they begin to climb upward.  “This is about Barnes defecting?”
He looks like the most put-together, in-control man that Steve has ever seen. It exhilarates him even as it unnerves him, makes him feel small and unsure even though he’s so much broader and taller than the man walking up to him now. He feels like the old Steve Rogers for a brief moment, frail and forgotten.
“Yeah,” she responds, taking a deep breath of her own before gently pulling back.  She reaches up and caresses the side of his face, her eyes searching his for something.  He doesn’t know what.  “Let’s keep this hug thing between us, okay?  I’m not about to go doling these out to just anyone.”
Natasha leans forward slightly, looking at Bucky as he slowly walks from the house and comes toward them.  She raises her eyebrows at him and the corner of his mouth quirks upward in that tiny, unforgettable smirk that’s solely his own.
He doesn’t have time to revel in the sensation of Steve filling him up because just then the door to the apartment swings open and Bucky walks in.
The last thing he recalls is being rescued.  Maybe.  Right?  A woman had got him, somehow, into a helicopter.  He doesn’t remember why she was trying to save him, or who she was.  But this place he’s in now, it doesn’t feel like before.  Nothing is prickling underneath his skin and leaving him unsettled.
be. He’s never put his whole life, everything he’s ever worked for, at risk just because one man was too breathtaking, too beautiful, to turn down.
Given the awkward angle, the kiss is sweet and light, and unfortunately brief. Tony brushes Steve’s cheek with his thumb before Steve’s neck protests and he has to drop his head back down.
Tony was the one to answer the most questions; he had always been the one to be able to handle these. That’s why those events had always been led by him. Rhodes had also some experience but Vision had none. But given that he was an Android, the journalist failed horribly to make him emotional. The questions had started out to be about the political situation, asking about their opinion and where they stood. Of course they stood on the side of the accords but also refused to antagonize their former friends. The last part only said between the lines.  Then the questions had turned personal. “Are you still bonded to Captain America?”
He can hear a little crack. He doesn’t care. The child is gone. Dead. Their child. Another innocent life. Gone.
“But you have to promise to take better care of yourself! What will you do with your hands completely broken?” Natasha lectures.
Thump. The punch bag had crashed against the wall. He looked down at his hands. They were bruised and blue. Tears were starting to form in his eyes as he sank to his knees.
Tony looked at the young queen who was currently showing him her lab. She was enthusiastically explaining something to him, gesturing with her hands and literal stars in her eyes.
“Steve” he said calmly and let the tension flow out of his body. He then broke eye contact to push himself closer to Steve, leaning his head against his chest. Right above where his heart was beating like crazy.
“What, the more-intelligent-than-me Tony Stark, baffled by my humble inventions?” she said with a smirk but her eyes showed him kindness. Said man only huffed out a laugh at that.
“It happened after the incident in Sokovia. We were confronted, because a lot of people died then and even before when we were fighting. The people and countries started to see us as dangerous and wanted to put us in check. So the Sokovia Accords were created. Signing would mean that every action would be supervised and would have to be allowed by the government. It also would demand everyone with a special ability to register their names and abilities.”
“Oh Tony.” Steves voice filled with love made Tony shiver, having missed it so much. “May I kiss you?”
He thought about Rhodey’s words, to give Tony some space but that was even easier than he had thought. Steve hadn’t even gotten as much as a glimpse of him since the meeting. He let out a deep exhale as he hears the doors opening behind him. A sweet smell enters his nose and he hears nostalgic footsteps approaching him. For a second he feels himself tense but the scent of metal and spring and home calmed him down. He does not turn around. As the person stops next to him he can’t help but to inhale the warm and nostalgic smell of the smaller person next to him again.
Shuri stopped laughing at that but couldn’t help herself to smile at the fellow Omega in front of her. “In your dreams old man, I’m way better than you.”
The silence made Steve nervous. Tony was facing the window again, away from Steve, who couldn’t keep his eyes from the Omega. He looked so tired and broken but his eyelashes were still so long and dark and beautiful. His beard was perfectly trimmed as usual but with more grey hairs.
It had been three days since Tony had landed back on earth. Tony had worked with Shuri and Bruce on their problem and the others were still trying to contact Scott. Clint was already on his way to the castle. He had lost both his eldest kids, leaving his wife and the now three year old youngest alone. The archer was devastated about what had happened and he also seemed angry that they hadn’t invited him to the fight. He would deal with him as soon as he would arrive.
“You ready, Cap?” Bruce asks and Steve takes a deep breath before he nods towards Bruce. “I’ll meet you back here, ok?” Bruce continues.
They were just inches from him away when Steve managed to get his voice out: “Tony …” he didn’t mean it to come out so broken but his voice failed him as their eyes met, his heart clenching in his chest.
If Steve wouldn’t have already known, he would have probably not been able to understand the words Tony were saying. Said men was now slowly lifting his eyes to watch Steves reaction and finds a sad smile that leaves the Omega confused.
Rocket and Nebula had gone somewhere else to talk. Shuri and Okoye were probably still with Tony and giving out orders. Natasha was sitting on the couch, while Thor, Bruce and Steve were standing around the room. It was obvious that the fellow men had a lot of questions but they kept still, Steve quietly thanking them for that. He didn’t know if he would have been able to answer them, his own thoughts spiraling and questions filling his own mind. But now Rhodey was back and he knew there would be no more escaping.
“Steve!” she kneeled beside him, slowly entangling his hands out of his hair and checking them over. They were bruised and he probably broke some of his bones. “Oh Steve …” she breathed out as she searched for his eyes.
The silence between them, as they walked side by side was welcomed. This war had already been a shock but hearing what Tony, their friend, had suffered through … without them, it was still shocking. He had given them a home. They had considered each other family and this was not how it was supposed to be like. She glanced at the Alpha walking next to her and wondered what he must be thinking. Or Bruce. To them they must look completely silly and out of their minds. A little smile formed itself on her lips with that thought but it quickly died when she heard a scream. Thor and her eyes shortly met, and then they sprinted towards the training room.
“Don’t come at me with that. Every argument and fight can be handled better. Steve, we are also just humans. Humans make mistakes” she continues.
. She sat next to Steve and curled up against his free shoulder, Bruce, Rhodey, Thor and even Clint (when did he arrive?) joining them. They were glad that their pack leader and his Omega had finally made up. It was then that Tony slowly stirred and began to purr, his eyes still closed and breathing even. The pack smiled at the show of content and safe from their Omega and Steve nestled his nose in Tonys neck, a hand slowly stroking circles on his back, holding him close. And he swore to himself he would never let go of him again, as the warmth of Tony and the wonderful smell of home from his Omega and their pack slowly lulled him back into sleep.
They hug each other for one last time and Steve swears to himself he will search and find Bucky way sooner in the past. Bucky let’s go with a pat on his back.
“I had wanted to ask Sam if he wants to take on the mantle.” He sheepishly said while ducking his head. Bucky lets out a laugh and squeezes Steve’s shoulder.
“I- I just wanted to leave with Bucky. It was the only way to make him unable to fly and shoot after us. He was already getting up when we left. I made sure of that” Steve said, looking at his now blonde friend. His eyes filled with regret.
Steve couldn’t help but to smirk. His amazing, genius Omega. Making the other geniuses shut their mouth. He felt amazingly proud.
“I know” Steve answers. He still holds Tonys face in one hand, lovingly stroking over his cheekbone, while he lets the other one wander to Tonys neck, slowly stroking over the teeth marks there. It’s a gesture meant to calm Omegas, to show them affection, to make them feel protected. It’s a strangely intimate gesture meant only to be between mates.
Shuri didn’t know what to say. She felt genuinely insulted but somehow she also knew that this was also one of the best compliments you could get from this man. From Tony Stark - who is supposed to be absolutely rude, cocky and could not keep his mouth shut. Being complimented was not what she expected at all.
Steve feels his breath stuck in his throat as he looks at the tired, big eyes. It felt like time had stopped. The sun was projecting a dance of red and gold on his beautiful brown eyes. The sight in front of him is so incredibly beautiful and yet seeing the broken and hurt, hidden behind the beauty, made him want to throw up. Knowing that he was not only  unable to prevent it but also the very one to put it there. Yet he found hope in his eyes.
“Thank you, but I’m fine,” Steve says again, then he sighs. He places his hands on his knees and then rubs his thighs once, as if gearing up the courage to stand.
He’d borrowed one of Steve’s hoodies once, so long ago now, and it was when he’d found himself snuggling into it later that night, the lingering scent making him feel light and happy, that he’d realized how hopelessly
“Tony…it’s eleven o’clock.  They closed an hour ago and these lovely people are waiting to go home.”  Pepper holds out her wrist to offer Tony a view of her diamond encrusted watch.  Steve tries not to balk at the small fortune she’s wearing so casually.  Tony glances at it, narrowing his eyes to unsuccessfully make out the time, and then leans back in his seat lazily and lolls his head back to look up at her.
He can almost believe this is how Steve sees him because Steve is capable of seeing the good in nearly anyone.  What he doesn’t believe is that what Steve sees is what he really is.
When he realizes the time, Steve is honestly surprised by how caught up in the evening he must have become to let the hours slip past so easily.  He hopes that in his social gracelessness, he didn’t miss any cues that Tony wanted to leave.
Steve doesn’t bother to reply, because Tony’s already leading the way.  Steve counts five other bedrooms before Tony actually guides him into one, but the house goes on in both directions so he really has no idea how big the place really is.  What he does know for sure is that if the living situation here is this luxurious, he can’t properly imagine what Tony has set up for everyone back at the tower.  He’s never actually seen anyone’s quarters.
Bruce looks up from his work as Tony enters.  He lifts his glasses from where they sit crookedly on his nose and pockets them carefully.
“But don’t you think it’s horribly unfair to punish a man for things he’s not really responsible for?  Especially without even telling him
“So, you and Cap, huh?” Peter tries to act normal but his voice cracks tellingly. “When did, uh, when did that start?”
- Geez, Steve. There's a difference between going out with your pals and painting the town red with that spoiled idiot. You'll be plastered all over the gossip rags like he is if you're not careful."
“I thought you were going to this party to make some business connections.” Pepper picks up the paper again, but folds it over and stuffs it into her purse with a bit too much force.
“Tony, why don’t you come upstairs.  You need to eat, and you need to get some sleep.”  Steve puts a hand on his shoulder and Tony hesitates weakly for only a second before throwing off the touch and stepping away.
Tony forces himself to get up, after that, finding his clothes in the pile on the floor and reluctantly putting them back on. He doesn’t clean up, liking the feel of his cock wet and sticky inside his boxers. He reeks of sex and he looks used and the only thing keeping him from feeling utterly content is having to leave Steve like this, naked and beautiful and sated on his bedroom floor.
“What happened?”  It’s kind of cute how fast Steve grows alarmed, his eyes wide and the little color he has draining from his cheeks.  One would never think the guy just got back from being held captive by madmen; his concern is already focused on everyone besides himself.   Suddenly Steve is moving toward him, hands out like he’s personally going to check Tony’s body for injuries. “You weren’t…are you
Tony huffs in response and follows Steve up to street level, grateful to be walking behind him not only for the view of his magnificent behind, but also to hide how the climb makes his thighs burn and his lungs hurt. They reach the top and Steve’s not even out of breath.
The only sound in the room is their kissing, their heavy breathing. Tony feels like they are the last two people in the entire world. They might as well be, because in this moment Steve is all there is.
“Steve, answer me this. Just this one thing. Did they tell you I was going to be here? Did they tell you
“It means that I think Tony and I have a lot of work to do—with each other—if we’re going to try this.”
“Parquet Courts.  Not that impressed with it.” She mumbles off-handedly, her attention not leaving Clint’s upset face.  “What’s wrong?”
“We will, Miss.” Steve replies, his voice automatically coming out Captain, smooth and commanding and reassuring.  Pepper seems startled by the laugh that escapes her.
“His ego can’t merely be big, it has to be the only one in the room,” Pepper states dryly, but the affection underlying her words is unmistakable.   Tony knows she adores him, really.
“And there are three more pans of lasagna in the oven,” Natasha adds as a disclaimer.  “So eat what you want.”
“You too, Stark.”  He hears Bruce half-heartedly call as the glass door slides closed and locks behind him as he leaves.  He glances back, catching the way Bruce’s shoulders slump as soon as he thinks he’s alone.
“Really?” Tony arches one eyebrow, a mischievous glint in his dark brown eyes.  He never looks as handsome as he does when he’s happy and up to no good.  “Well.  How about we get on outta here and I figure out other ways to stake my claim?”
Clint meets him at the elevator, taking over for the SHIELD agent who’d carted him to the Tower.  Clint’s walking with a limp, a bandage on his left bicep peeking out from underneath his black t-shirt, but he doesn’t appear bothered by the injuries and he doesn’t offer an explanation as Steve eyes him with concern.
at the moment and I think it would be best for Steve to have someone around who he considers a friend.”
He stops short inside the entryway, registering both the tension and the incessant buzz of Tony’s unanswered call.
Tony grabs the hem of his black t-shirt and divests himself of it quickly, then shoves down his jeans and underwear in one move.
“I’ve seen all of it, every minute we’ve shot. If you’d like, we could step into your trailer and discuss some of the finer points of your performance. We
Steve’s so beautiful as he rides him and somehow it’s over even more quickly than the first, Tony overwhelmed by the sight, sound, and feel of Steve rocking and writhing on top of him.
Tony’s kidding, spitefully glaring at the water as he shivers.  For a cold man, his skin is surprisingly flushed.
“This is too much, Tony.”  Steve interrupts, coming back over.  He’s flushed, looking worried.  “I can’t accept this.”
“Of course, Mr. Stark. If you and the gentleman would like to follow me, I’d be happy to arrange that for you.” He catches someone’s eye across the crowded dining room and nods once, then a moment later once again.
Bucky comes back in, free of toothpaste and fully clothed.  He runs a towel over his damp hair, the joints of his mechanical arm quietly whirring.  He looks Tony up and down, his gaze damning.
“I promise you, Tony, ‘riff-raff’ or no, I’m not keeping any important messages from you.” Pepper eyes him warily. “You know, you could just
“Absolutely not.  You’re not cleared and apart from Steve and I, you’re not familiar with anyone else’s battle tactics.”
However, being in the same space as Tony but feeling miles away makes him feel even lonelier.  He looks up at the skeleton of the yet unfinished new Whitney Museum stretching high above the plaza and wishes he were almost anywhere else right now.
The mirror is fogging up, and Steve reaches out to wipe it away. His reflection is blurry from the streaks of condensation. The room is muggy with steam and when he breathes, the air feels warm in his lungs. His skin is flushed and he’s starting to sweat, but he thinks that’s as much from his private thoughts as it is from the heat.
“Oh, you actually did.  It sounded like –” Tony erupts into a large snore.  An apologetic but reluctant smile lifts the corners of Bruce’s mouth, and what Tony wouldn’t give to see this guy give someone an honest-to-god grin just once in his life.
“You didn’t walk very far,” Steve observes and Tony has to give it to him for calling it like he sees it.  “You do everything short of suiting up.”
come home once in the two years since you and Peggy split. I thought you were dead in a ditch somewhere, not out
But he had, because Steve is decent and patient – and above all, professional, which is what this meeting is supposedly about. Tony had taken that tack on purpose, afraid that Steve would have a totally reasonable out if Tony asked him up for personal reasons. Instead, he’s requested Steve come for a viewing of the latest rough cut of the film so that they could discuss the new ending.
“Of course. Once your parents have a certain amount of money, you’re inducted into a secret club. Gold membership cards, velvet smoking jackets, dark-paneled dens of iniquity, the whole kit and caboodle,” Jan quips. “We sacrifice virgins at the end of every financial quarter.”
is up at Quad - you wanted to see that, right?”  Steve turns to look at him, blue eyes bright and grateful, and Tony finds himself inexplicably caught off guard by just how beautiful his boyfriend actually is.  It’s somehow surprising to him,
“Oh, you may want to check in with public relations, because you might have something to deal with. Seems that Rogers has been spending time with Janet Van Dyne as of late? Word is that she's leaving Pym, finally, and Steve's soon to be his replacement.”
“So am I.” He retorts, but then really does offer a thoughtful answer.  “No, really, I can’t say as I miss it.  Sometimes I still wake up and thinking it’s supposed to be there, panic when it’s not, but overall it feels good to have my heart back in one piece.  I mean, having the RT nearly killed me more than once.”
“Would you like to dance, Steve?”  Pepper is asking, and Steve is blushing again, hand rubbing at the back of his neck in a gesture that’s becoming familiar, becoming Steve.
“Don’t mind it, really,” Natasha shrugs, causing both Steve and Tony to stop and stare at her.  “It’s rare to find a gentleman these days.”  She shuffles in close and gives Steve an open-palmed double tap to the cheek, more of a friendly pat than a strike.
Then, one night, after smoking too much pot, drinking too much PBR, and getting fed up with the group doing free association poetry in his kitchen, he cornered Steve on a fire escape and kissed him instead of fighting.  Steve had pulled back and looked at him, totally stunned, and then when Tony turned to leave, Steve grabbed him by the arm and pulled him back.
Steve wants to believe him. But with Tony up and gone and Bucky acting like they’re strangers, he’s not sure of anything anymore.
“It felt greedy,” Steve admits as Tony massages his thighs, spreading him wider. “Or I guess it felt greedy, afterward.”
Steve ruts against him, feeling Bucky’s length starting to harden and fill again already. Instinctively he moves so that the head nestles between his cheeks, tip catching at his entrance, and his whole body heats at the suggestion of Bucky pressing into him.
“It doesn’t really have to be either. Business or dinner." Tony states, and his voice does something then, something sensual and sultry yet entirely offhand and casual. Steve would be hard pressed to explain what it does to him to hear it. “I’d rather get to know you …” Tony pauses for a sip of wine, staring at Steve over the rim of his glass. His gaze is mesmerizing; Steve can’t look away. Steve feels his face heat, and arousal tightens low in his stomach as if Tony’s already touching him, kissing him,
“It’s about time you made your way over here,” He sidesteps smoothly.  “Though I think maybe we should get Bruce down here to Hulk out.  It ain’t easy being green but he needs to give it a shot, and you need a run for your money.  Y’know, at least until Thor drops in and you have an approximation of a more likely enemy. The Hulk
“You can call me James,” Bucky says smoothly, recovering enough to offer Jan his good hand. When she takes it, he presses a kiss to her fingers. “Lovely to see you, Miss Van Dyne.”
There’s that look on Tony’s face now, that one full of pity that Steve had wished to avoid.   But he may as well keep going, since he’s started.
“Hey.” Is all Steve says, corner of his mouth ticking upward in a small, crooked smile. He doesn’t look offended, or confused, or uncertain.
“I was about to —” Bucky starts, already heading toward the other door at the opposite end of the balcony. Tony holds up his hand, making a sharp noise like one might make when getting a horse to stop or a dog to heel.
The pace of his punches increases in speed and ferocity and Tony suddenly feels like he needs to make his presence known; he’s intruding on something private and his gut twists with the knowledge that he’s seeing something he wasn’t meant to see.
“If you weren’t injured, I’d elbow you in the gut right now.”  Natasha mumbles, keeping her eyes closed.  A small smile curves her lips though, her amusement creeping through.
“It’d probably be bad if I crashed his baseball game, right?” Happy doesn’t answer, which is fine, because Tony didn’t need a response.  “Right.  I could cut a check to the thing with the kids though, maybe.  Luncheons are never that great because there’s hardly anything to drink, but maybe in this case…” Happy doesn’t chime in here either, so Tony lets it go.  He knows he has to hold off as long as he can; barging into things with Steve hasn’t exactly gone well for him so far and when he wants to, he can learn from his mistakes.  Theoretically.  In practice…
Steve sighs, knowing the argument is pointless.  Bruce is back to being Bruce, no one got hurt, and getting angry is going to accomplish nothing.
“Steve will be out in a minute.  You want a drink?”   He’s in the kitchen before Tony can respond.  Tony follows him over, taking a seat at the counter.  As Bucky digs in the freezer for ice, Tony surveys the few things stuck to the fridge door.  A couple of napkin sketches drawn by Steve, probably saved by Bucky.  A magnetic clip holding a stack of grocery coupons –
“So…” Tony adjusts the straw in his cup, pushing around the ice.  He sips the last bit of his soda, pursing his lips and looking at Steve thoughtfully.  “So.  Why the sudden interest in the arc?”
Steve stands in the center of his living room for too long a time.  He had been looking forward to this, but not
surprising.  I suppose this is where you should tell me that if I were less self-absorbed, I’d have noticed Happy mooning over my ex?”
“Why are you doing this? Why come to me first, why not just run them?” Steve moves so Loki is no longer between him and the exit, but Loki circles around him and edges him back toward the sinks.
Don’t you know that?  Sometimes I wonder what it could be like if I just…got over myself and we could be together, the way we never imagined we could be –”
“Pep…” He sags under the weight of it, too much for him to bear.  She moves close enough to hug him, but she doesn’t do anything more than set a hand on his shoulder.  Bruce excuses himself silently, clearly aware that Pepper needs Tony alone.
“Of course, sir.”  The doors open before he reaches them.  He glances toward Tony and Pepper, who are simultaneously on their phones yet seem to be discussing something with each other as well.  Neither notices him as he ducks outside.
“Uh-oh, Nat’s on about the Bowery again.” Steve mumbles against Tony’s lips, causing Tony to chuckle into their kiss.
“Oh, Thor, those are different Madonnas.” Steve shakes his head, depressed by the very idea of confusing them.
“And then I fuck him, I fuck him until he comes again and all he can think of is me.” Bucky’s voice is dark, but it’s not vicious. He’s not angry. To Tony, he sounds incredibly turned on, like Steve thinking about being with someone else – his Steve, always Bucky’s Steve, even Tony knows that – is perfectly okay.
Steve shifts, glancing toward the house.  He doesn’t really have anything more to say about Bucky now, and he’s wet and cold and finally beginning to feel tired enough to sleep.
His finger catches the trigger before he takes the time to aim at the proper target and the bullet goes wide, shattering concrete just to the Captain's left.  The blast sends both men diving for cover.
“Nothing.” Tony mutters, picking up a wrench from his toolbox and feeling the heavy weight of it in his hand for a moment before going back to the plane and ducking under to get at the landing gear. He’s already fixed what needs fixing, but pretending to be busy seems like the better option than facing his friend.
Steve puts up a hand to cut him off and Tony halts mid-sentence.  Steve pushes his plate of food away and leans back in his chair.
“We already have television on the agenda, Coulson.” He holds a hand up to stop the man from talking. “Christ. I’m not a Luddite, or Jack Warner. I mean why Captain America?”
“Just don’t say anything yet.” Tony orders him as he leads the way to the Wonder Wheel, Tony circumventing the waiting line despite Steve’s protests.
With great difficulty, Steve manages to swing around and get his feet flat on the floor, hoping that if he can ground himself, make the room stop spinning, then he can get his mind set straight. Putting his head in his hands, fingers fiercely clutching at his hair, he tries to think.
Steve tries as hard as he can to not blush, but his face heats anyway. He ducks his head to hide it. Tony moves away, walking backward toward the side exit door that opens onto the alley where Steve’s trailer is located.
It was so many decades ago that he dreamed of Bucky’s work-calloused hands rough on his skin, but it feels so fresh in his mind now that it may as well have been yesterday. How many nights had Bucky come home from the docks, smelling richly of sweat, his handsome face streaked with dirt, that usually perfect dark brown hair of his damp and messy and curling over his forehead? Without a modicum of modesty, he would strip out of his overalls, work shirt, and underwear right there, leaving a pile of clothes just inside the front door, regardless of whether Steve was sitting in the living room or not, and set about taking a bath in the tub that was just off the kitchen.
She had the suit delivered less than an hour later, the outfit obviously long prepared, and Steve finally understood what Tony meant by calling Pepper scarily efficient.
Steve blushes deeply, warmed by the thought of Tony talking about him that way.  With Pepper, no less.
“You think they know they flirt like teenagers?” Bucky comments quietly, warmth in his voice.  “I give ‘em two weeks before they get into some seriously adult behavior.”
“You expecting someone else?”  He sets the milk down on the wobbly round table by the window and then dumps the contents of his bags next to it.  Fishing out the razor and the shaving cream, he goes to the bathroom door and knocks lightly.
They come to the elevator and Steve surprisingly reaches around him to push the call button, pressing their bodies close together in the process. Tony finds himself holding his breath, not wanting Steve to back away.
“Bruce? Banner? The DP.” Steve looks at him with surprise, and then turns away, back toward the street, after Tony nods.
“Eyes up, Steve.”  His smile is soft and genuine, and Steve feels a faint tightening around his heart as Tony holds his gaze unwaveringly.  Their bodies draw closer together, and Steve isn’t sure who moved, him or Tony.  But that hardly seems to matter so he just holds Tony more tightly, palm sliding from Tony’s waist to his lower back.   They’re almost cheek-to-cheek; Tony’s soft, dark hair brushes the side of his face.
He thinks of that wonderful moment when Agent Parsons had come out of Steve’s hospital room and announced that Steve was awake.  He remembers rushing to the door only to find Barnes holding Steve tight, and watching as Steve finally broke down and cried.  Steve refused to break in front of everyone else, but he could fall apart with his friend.  Only with Bucky, only for Bucky.
“Look…” Tony starts, but is apparently too distracted by their nearness to continue. He shakes his head and takes a step back. “Look.” He says more firmly, but still fails to follow it up.
“The thing is, he hires the best, and then gets out of their way. Most producers can’t get out of their own way, much less anyone else’s.” She lifts her glass in a toast.
They certainly won’t have it easy, but at least their relationship is legal in most of the northeast, and California now too, as of last year.
Steve lets out a deeper, longer exhale as his eyes flutter open, letting Tony know without words that he’s awake.
He pulls back and Steve reaches for him, ready to drag him closer, when Tony instead slips off the couch and sinks to his knees. The sudden shift from Tony’s dry, warm hand to the wet heat of his mouth makes Steve strangle a shout, halfway sitting up from the soft cushions, and his fingers immediately grabbing Tony’s hair.
Peter had, of course, noted Tony’s clothes off-handedly when they met up earlier that day, and even remembered thinking that something looked a little off, that his shirt seemed too big, but now his outfit takes on a whole new meaning.
“Everyone does gravitate toward him.” Steve curses himself inwardly for not thinking of something smarter to say.  His nerves fail him around Pepper, bringing back that old inexorable blush and stammer.  She stands there, in her gorgeous, deep blue silk dress, her jewelry sparkling in the warm glow of the string lights, and she seems like just the right person to be on Tony’s arm, not him.  “Tony draws people in.”
“What you meant was that you’re managing to be productive while I’m wallowing in the fact my best friend is a brainwashed assassin who doesn’t remember me at all yet remembers being in love with Natasha.”  Steve sighs deeply.  “It’s fine.  I know what you all must think of me these days.  I’m thinking it too.”
Steve, with seeming reluctance, takes Tony up on his offer and finds a seat at the far end, sinking into the light grey cushions. He doesn’t look any more comfortable, however.
At that point others start coming down to check on them.  Steve wonders if they’ve set up a rotation, because over the course of the next two weeks he sees each member of the team in the studio at least once every day.
Steve follows him inside but just barely, still standing like a statue, like the soldier he once was. The only concession he makes is removing his sunglasses and hooking them on the collar of his shirt.
Tony’s mouth twinges and he adjusts his thick grey cable knit cardigan over his shoulders, pulling it tighter to his body.
as Black Widow, the crazy butt-kicking spy assassin.”  Tony points out.  “And also because I know she doesn’t
“There was just unresolved sexual tension.  And now there’s resolved sexual tension.  It’s a slight difference, really.  No hatred involved.”
that Steve and his best friend have been in love forever and I need to figure out a way to work with that, or I’m out a boyfriend.”
“With a hard sell like that, Stark, how can I refuse…” Bruce leans back into the couch, resting his elbow on the back and leaning his head against his hand.  “I am a little confused though, as I thought…I thought you were done with all…
, something he’s sure Natasha’s responsible for, and Tony moves it to the top of the pile, only wishing he could be there to see Steve’s face as someone explained a dom/sub relationship to him.
“Come join us, Captain,” Falsworth encourages kindly, waving him over, but Steve gestures over his shoulder in the opposite direction.
“Miss Potts.  This is a lovely surprise.” Steve lets Pepper keep her arm around his waist, her side pressed close to his.  “You, uh, you look very nice as well.  I mean, you always do.”
“It’s not that I don’t like it.  I do.  I just don’t know why I like it or what it’s supposed to be.”
And by room he means the fancy VIP suite that Tony pulled for them at a moment’s notice.  Steve bypasses the living and dining room area, loosens his tie, turns off the lights, and collapses onto the impossibly soft queen-size bed without bothering to rid himself of his brand new suit coat or his shoes.
“I believe Tony has concocted a clever and devious ploy to necessitate the removal of your fine shirt, Captain.”  Thor observes with a knowing twinkle in his blue eyes; he seems rather proud of himself for catching on.
It’s strange to hear such violent words come out like a plea.  Like it’s an offer Tony needs him to take.
“Tony, these aren’t ready for anyone to look at. Really. They’re barely in the beginning stages—“ Bruce tries to intervene, but Tony angles away from him as he pulls another drawing free.
He learns everything he possibly can. Visits the exhibit at the Smithsonian, reads all the history books and the tell-all memoirs and the fan fiction. He accesses the SSR and SHIELD archives and the government databases and pores over Barnes’ active duty records, both before and after his involvement with Captain America and his Howling Commandos.
“We should’ve stopped for your shield.”  He scans the hallway for vital signs but the bodies underneath his feet are all just that – bodies.  There’s no one here to save.
“We…we were gonna get married after the war. Getting back to her was the only thing that kept me going, sometimes, you know?” Bruce sighs, unconsciously putting his hand over the picture in his pocket. “But when I got back, things were different.
He doctors Steve’s up just the way he likes it—a spoonful of sugar, a splash of cream—and then shuffles back across the kitchen to claim the seat beside Steve at the counter.
“Man says rooms there used to go for five dollars back in his day, you believe that? Five dollars.  I told him how much they are now and he nearly fainted.”  Sam claps a large hand on Steve’s shoulder and leaves it there, his smile loose and easy.
“And what do you want me to do about it?” Tony’s suddenly yelling, slamming his fist down on the top of the desk.  The glass cracks, spidering out violently.  Tony’s first instinct is usually survival but right now, it’s not.  Getting into a shouting match with Bruce Banner is a terrible idea on about a thousand different levels but at the moment he couldn’t care less about Bruce’s big green problem.
“I don’t know about that,” Steve averts his eyes, feeling his face heat.  “And we’re…we’re not together…exactly.”
They walk in silence for a short while. Tony’s skin is itching, his heart beating slightly too fast. The very idea of Steve Rogers has long been a thorn in his side, a nagging reminder of everything wrong between himself and Howard.
“Take a seat, make yourself comfortable,” Tony waves toward the spacious couch. “No need to stand on ceremony.”
“It’s just one of those pointless decorative things that us billionaires have.  It has no actual use.  I wanted a full pool but the space back here wasn’t large enough.”
Steven Grant Rogers, otherwise known as Captain America. Recently in the public eye due to his involvement in the Battle of New York. Team leader of the Avengers Initiative. He skims the physical stats, the veritable laundry list of enhanced abilities, the known associates, weapons preferences, yet he keeps finding his gaze ticking back upward to the swank Park Avenue address listed under place of residence – for some reason that seems wrong – and the puzzling date of birth that places this new lethal threat at an inexplicable ninety-four years of age.
After days in the subzero weather, his body gave out. All he could feel was the biting cold. The single blessing of the cold was it numbed the pain of his injuries. But she was safe. What happened to him didn't matter. Tucked away safe and warm with her parents. A frozen death was befitting for one as cold as him. Before his eyes closed, he heard the distant sound of chopper blades.
They lowered their weapons. The jet door lowered. Men and women in HAZMAT suits were setting up white tents. Another group set up a clear bubble-like tent at the base of the entrance. Clint, Natasha, and him were pushed into the other tent.
“Oh, I’ve heard. A mindless beast makes play he’s still a man. How desperate are you call such lost creatures to defend you?” said Loki.
“A blind man flipping around like an Olympic gymnast - that's a new one for me. I'm almost surprised; you don’t know how rare that is. The human body is an amazing thing but this is a stretch. How is it possible?”
Most of them were likely false. Or would automatically set off the bomb. The snaps locking the vest to Winter were triggers, so if opened they would instantly cause detonation. She took a breath, staring up at Winter. His expression was indifferent as ever, while her hands were shaking and a hot sweat had broken out across her skin. If he could be so calm in this situation, the least she could do was try.
They kissed goodbye. Steve took the opportunity to look around. Spread throughout the house were old photos. All of them highlighted important moments in Howard's life before and after the war. There were a few wedding photos littered among them, but Steve couldn't find any of Tony. He went from room to room. In Howard's office, he finally found a picture of Tony. It was of them working on a car together. Tony couldn't be more than six, they looked genuinely happy. A rare expression shared between the two. Steve smiled when he found Tony's room. Old computers and machine parts crowded the desks. Tools hung on the wall. The free space left was plastered with posters of Tony's favorite bands. There was only one family photo in the room of Tony and his mom. He heard Tony pull up the driveway.
Steve ignored him. It was disturbing that the alpha enjoyed his scent. Steve broke the restraints. As soon as Rumlow left the seat it triggered something. A blaring alarm and counted down started. They didn’t have much time. He grabbed Natasha and Rumlow, throwing them over his shoulder, running through the maze. There was a thunderous explosion that shook the ground. The entrance was within sight. Fire and shrapnel were following behind them. Steve threw two of them before him. He was blow out of the cave just before it collapsed. The stench of blood clouded his sense. He grew light-headed. So tired so cold. He closed his eyes.
The alpha sounded exhausted. He must have been on the verge of falling asleep when Steve disturbed him. He’d been shifting restlessly for hours, believing the alpha was asleep. Steve knew he should stay until Tony fell asleep but he couldn't. He got out of bed.
. It couldn’t be. She slowed and lowered her stance when the sounds of struggle became clear. There was Papa’s scent again. He was fighting Winter. She didn’t know what to do. Her gaze locked onto one of Sir’s men. He had a gun aimed at Winter.
Tony came up from his lab. He stopped in front of the parted door of Steve’s studio. Steve's distress had leaked into the hallway. He knocked on the door. Steve jumped in his seat.
“When did you start eating this much? If it weren’t for Pepper and me, you would starve,” said Happy.
The boy whispered something in Piper's ear. "Oh, she's my Aunt Maria. She very nice, and so is her mate Pepper."
Yelping as Tony lay a trail of hot kisses down his neck. The alpha's sharp teeth dragged against his claim. Steve shivered his knees going weak. He clutched Tony's clothes for support. Those skilled hands crept lower, grasping his ass, rocking him forward to grind their hips together. Steve keened when his alpha held him tighter. With one clean motion, Tony lifted him, his legs wrapping around the alpha's waist. The bedroom door flung open. He was thrown onto the bed. The alpha undressed. Whimpering with want as his mate shed his clothes. The bed creaked as the alpha joined him. Tony's leg wedged between his. They kissed. Tony's hand moved under his shirt, pulling it off.
His men approached the fallen hero. They backed off when a deep snarl left the unconscious man. Even in this state, the man was dangerous. A non-alpha would be a safer bet.
"Piper, Rune, this wasn’t how I was planning on meeting you. I am Dr. Wong, but you can call me George if you want. I hope you allow me to meet you in person," he said.
“Those god damn knotthead alphas who preached how it interest of public health for alphas to be omegas heat.”
Steve sat on a S.H.I.E.L.D hospital bed. His leg was being patched up. But the ache in his side lingered. Agent Hill debriefed them in their room. S.H.I.E.L.D. had gathered no new intelligence on the Winter Solider since their last encounter with him. That was nearly three years ago when Winter ambushed him on a plane injecting Piper with the super-soldier serum, while still in his stomach.
He pushed ahead, taking every sharp he could make. An explosion went off behind him.  Two were still on him. He skidded along a wall to avoid an attack.
To him the room was silent. But there had to be something if the pup was reacting like this. He kneeled by her side covering her hands with his. It seemed to help slightly. For ten minutes she cried out; then finally she fell into his chest.
