Tony has so many different smiles, so many different ways of misdirection that he performs without needing magic. Steve feels glad that Tony trusts Steve with seeing those different facets.
“Tony,” Steve says firmly, and notices how Tony tenses at the use of his name, eyes widening slightly, “you’re not responsible for fixing everything broken in the world.”
“Sir, the Purple Man altered your brain waves,” JARVIS continues. “What transpired was—”
“I bet you’re regretting you saved me now,” Tony says, surfacing slightly from the water, enough so he can talk. Fuck, he missed the water, as sick as this is. Nothing good comes from this.
“Lights, a hundred,” he rasps, scrambling towards the washroom. He reaches for his RT but finds no relief. This time the problem isn’t tech related, it’s mind related, and Tony has only ever been able to fix one of those things.
The nightmare isn’t over. The Purple Man’s gone, but Tony is still here.
“You’re already trying, aren’t you?” Steve asks. The Scarlet Witch would’ve done much more to hinder them if she’d wanted to. Hinder Tony. Revenge is a thing that can easily blind people, and guilt is something that makes people not move away when the blinded attack.
She makes a sad face and her words break Tony’s heart (what heart?) more than that.
“I’m not posing for you, Stark,” Steve says as he swings onto Giselle’s back.
“Yes,” Steve admits. “God, yes, I want to trust you, Tony, but
“You,” Steve says, “have no idea.”
“It comes from death,” Tony says flatly, gaze hardening.
Steve feels his heart sink. It’s not as firmly lodged in the ice anymore. The ice is melting, and it stings like molten wax. He manages a smile. “You think it suits me?”
?” Tony’s voice wrenches him out of his drifting. Tony is almost touching Steve, hand hovering by Steve’s, close enough that it makes Steve shudder. He could reach out and grasp Tony’s hand right now. Tony has shifted his mask off again. He must be cold, too, but all he emits to Steve is heat. He glances fleetingly at Steve’s shield, doesn’t comment on its fracture. “No freaking me out here, got it? I’ve reached the freakout limit of my—my life already.”
Tony peers at him. “Here I thought you’d be singing ‘let’s kill the Nazis’ in your patriotic suit. I can have JARVIS play the accompaniment if you want.”
But stuck underwater, you can swim as desperately as you can and still not know which way is up.
“Shut up, Tony,” Steve warns, shaken, and Tony can’t be the only monster here, can he? Not with the viciousness in Steve’s voice. He can’t have cared, if he is so cold and bitter now. He can't. “Or I’m going to make you.”
“They haven’t been purchased often since we were saved, however. You may have that one for free,” the girl continues, smile turning dreamy. She waves a hand over the other flowers, and they all make light giggling sounds back at her, like a chime in the wind, more alive than many people Steve has met. “Just like the flower you asked about. Soon, there will be no need for them at all.”
“Pietro. You shouldn’t...”
“Oh my God, Tony.” Steve’s fearful tone is frightening, reminding Tony that death is supposed to be scary, not familiar. There’s a touch of horror in Steve’s voice, as expected, but. This is new. Usually they scream for themselves.
Tony tilts his head, glances back at Steve. The edge of his eye seems to glint, reflecting all the blue light that glows from his fingertips. “You’re not exactly lauded for your stealth,” he says, and he’s right. Steve was never the one known for his stealth skills. “Otherwise SHIELD would’ve used you a lot more.”
“I don’t think she’s—“ Steve sighs. “She kept the ghost-whisperers, Tony. She was still caring for them, even though her brother came back.”
“Tony,” Steve says softly, holding out his hand. “It’s alright. Breathe with me.”
Steve feels cold, like the words have swept upon him a gust of wind. The Howling Knights… As the Captain of the Howling Knights, Steve has
“Do it,” Tony says wildly. He doesn’t beg. Begging doesn’t do anything. When you ask for something, people will know you value it, will dangle it in front of you and take advantage of your weakness. He thinks of Howard Stark asking for Captain America to come back.
“Alright,” Steve says. He hadn’t wanted to ask before, but Tony is hurt. His magic is hurt. “Your arc reactor. What is it for? Is it safe?”
Tony looks at him, then makes a sound that’s almost like actual laughter. “Don’t worry, I’ll extend my criticism to the late king. You know, I was banned from using any spells on the book contents. Which somehow included using spells to skim
—Steve. You’ll let me.”
“I guessed.” Determination sharpens Steve’s features, makes him look more alive. He must be glad to have a definable problem. “You just confirmed it,” he says. “We’ll skip the part where I’m pissed at you for not telling me. Why are you dying, and how long do we have to fix this?”
“Oh. Well, I don’t think you needed that summon magic to be a good knight. Magic isn’t enough to slay multi-headed hydras like you, Cap,” Tony says. “You’re a living legend.” The light in his hands dim a little. Tony’s eyes are glazed over in memory of something Steve wasn’t there to see, but Steve thinks he sees Tony better now.
Wanda assures Tony it’ll be fine, which shows how not fine everything is, if Wanda Maximoff of all people is telling him that and handing him a ghost-whisperer.
There’s a reason for Tony’s need to keep fighting, need to keep Steve away from him. It has nothing to do with desire.
Steve backs off, standing on the other side of the very small washroom. The moment is drawn out, hanging over them like a trial, unsure of who’s the judge and who’s the executioner. Tony is used to being looked at—he’s more wary of being seen.
“What do you want,” Tony says breathily, “what can I do for you?” His eyes are hooded, blown dark with desire. He’s been worth the wait, a night with him is worth another forever, but they’re not going to get either of those. He kisses down Steve’s chest, dipping down until he reaches Steve’s stomach, teasingly low. He licks the inside of Steve’s thigh, making Steve gasp and moan his name.
When Tony closes his eyes, sometimes his body feels like it’s still there, underwater. Under somebody else’s control.
Loki narrows his eyes at Tony, then sighs. “Anthony.” Loki smiles again. It’s a considerably less crazed smile than the one he always wears before lancing magic missiles towards Steve. “Did you already reserve that privilege?”
“The eyewitness saw pieces of it before everything stopped working properly in Midgard. This is what they have put together.”
JARVIS pointedly does not refute that.
Tony arches, grinding them against each other, searching for friction. He smirks at the scent of blood—Steve is injured—and arousal. He smells it, it makes him lick his lips. Slowly, for show, for a reminder.
Wanda’s lips part in surprise. She narrows her eyes, fingers twitching like she wants to cast a spell, but refrains. “Then good luck to you and yours,” she says. “Now we would like to enjoy our peace. In peace,” she adds pointedly.
It shouldn’t have been like this. But it is what it is. Better realize this earlier than later.
“There hasn’t been summons like this,” Natasha points out quietly. “Not for years. And not the Captain for nearly a century.”
“You don’t find this boring?”
“I believe you,” Bruce says. He glances towards Tony, who is contacting someone with a communication crystal, then lowers his voice. “Captain, I might be the one who’s studied the Knights’ antimagic for a living, but Tony knows, and cares, a lot more than he lets on.”
Tony falters, then resumes. “I’m sorry you don’t have control over it, Steve,” he says. “Nobody has a choice, I know. But you don’t have to go risking your life for me like that. Seriously. It’s cool.”
“Thank you,” Steve says earnestly.
Tony looks up at Natasha, struggling to feel surprised, but somehow isn’t. “What, you and that Bucky have a long and sordid history?”
With Tony.
Steve finds that he really hates it when Tony does that. “They said the arc reactor powers your magic. Just like any other crystal,” Steve says. “It’s not any other crystal.”
...Maybe he’s a little different, though. Tony says what he says, but brings Steve along anyway.
“He’s with me,” Tony says.
Steve smiles at Tony, hoping it will give them both strength. “The future is going to be a good place, with you,” he says.
Steve feels his face heat up. Tony’s interest is very distracting. He doesn’t do anything as obvious as clearing his throat, but he does duck his head for a moment. “She was very charming, but her love of magic was for the good it could bring,” he says, suddenly glad that Tony was not born during the Second Rune War. The Starks have never made many friends during wartime, and Steve made none out of it. “I think you’d have gotten along.”
Just like that.
Steve supposes he’s not wrong. He lets the quiet set in for a moment. He’s surprised Tony doesn’t break it, just lets his tinkering fill what otherwise would be the silence between them. Maybe Tony didn’t gravitate to magic because he had time to fill, but because magic is what he loves.
That was good enough, right?
Tony briefly watched Dorothy continue to look around Oz. “It's just.... unexpected." The Captain America that was in Tony's head was being slowly disfigured by the very real person that is Steve Rogers. "But… nice. Adorable, even.”
You’re being harsh. One could even say unreasonable. This isn’t your business. You are, after all, only the butler. There are only so many times that you can interfere before your hands become tied.
“And now, may I welcome one of our keynote speakers, Tony Stark,” An MIT professor introduced, clapping her hands as Tony walked on stage.
“Where are you going that you need to sneak off?”
“Yeah, after working on it for over two decades and always groveling,” Tony muttered, flicking his crumpled straw wrapper off the table.
Steve sits on Tony’s bed, glaring at an upside-down history textbook. Tony is sitting at his desk, tapping his pencil on a half-written essay. Both of their faces are bright pink.
“Enough with this strange self-sacrificing complex you got going on.”
Tony puffed out a breath. Then another. Did he really just borderline overshare the mess that was Stane because of the damn
did you hear about this movie?” Tony asked, bewildered.
“Steve Rogers?”
“For what?”
“You can’t tell me Cap is a prude with what I saw.”
“Because it’s
he keened and gripped at Steve's hair.
“I will say three things about this,” Rhodey announced. “One; yes, it is itchy, two; yes, it is hot, and three; don’t take bets from Tony Stark.”
Thirst pulls you out of sleep. Quietly slipping out of bed to not wake your wife, you shuffle to the kitchen, passively groping the wall to stay on track. Bleary-eyed, you click on the light, and a teenage boy shrieks and tips himself through the window with a crash. Despite this loud display of noise, you just blink slowly.
really great
movie specially? Why…” Tony gestured to the pause screen of the FedEx truck. “
“But…”
in his typical fidget.)
MIT students roared in approval, whistling, and clapping.
“Because you wouldn’t,” Tony says with unsure confidence. “I know you wouldn’t. You know how important Steve is to me.”
You wiggle your toes as you kick back on a couch in the sitting room, tension melting away as you sink in the cushions. Grabbing your tea, you inhale deeply to intake its rich scent.
“Cap!" Tony’s posture straightened and he turned to the entranceway, smiling at what he saw. "Steve. Hey."
“That’s all, Jarvis, I got it from here,” Tony says breathlessly, seeming to have sprinted down here. “You can go--butler somewhere else. Please?” He puts the phone up to his ear. “Steve? Yeah, hey,
, Steve wanted to say.
“Yeah, but most of that was in college. I was a mess in college— alright, a
Steve blinked and willed a smile. “Yeah, that sounds fun.”
“Correction, dating the American Dream. We're having dinner tomorrow night.”
"I did. It was a pleasant surprise to see it switch to color."
“Yeah, you're right. Thanks for not really asking about this, Jarvis," Tony tells you. "I know you're probably pissed that I haven't been saying anything."
“War Machine still good? Of course it is, I designed it. It's probably still perfect, isn't it? Wait, didn’t you say your mom got a new dog?”
“It’s one of his best, isn’t it? What’s wrong with it?” Okay, was Steve really going to have to pull out his phone? Did he pick something… inappropriate? Was it the fondue incident all over again?
“But… Why
Tony’s brow furrowed. “How?”
“I’m starting to see," Rogers agreed.
"I will."
You are a few paces away as you watch Tony climb out of his bedroom window, shuffle down the roof, jump into the large oak tree to scurry down its trunk to land in the backyard.
Saving the boy from further embarrassment, you step back and gesture up the grand staircase.
. No suggestion of feeding it to Steve.
Steve and Tony also did not know which one leaned in first.
“Sourpatch, my dear,” Tony enthused, breath short. “What’s up? What brings you… here?”
“Actually, yes, because they made another installment in this series. And unlike Sherlock, I have a flying suit.”
Then Sherlock Holmes appeared on the screen.
Steve pulled back. “One of the last times I saw a complete black-and-white film, the couple a few seats from me were doing the same thing. Besides," he darted forward to playfully kiss the tip of Tony's nose, "we got other movie nights.”
“Goodnight, Steve," Tony returned before quickly leaving.
“Where are you going, sir?” You ask and the boy’s shoulders jump.
Howard likes to ramble about his latest projects that most likely required NDAs, Maria likes to hide that she isn’t actually friends with the snippy wives of Howard’s associates. Even your own wife likes to say she doesn’t know where your favorite tea biscuits go.
These egregious actions persisted for several days.
glad you brought up MIT,” Tony said, settling into a chair.
mess in college. And I didn’t see those people again. And I’ve completely stopped since Iron Man. And, like, this…” Tony leaned forward and lowered his voice, “this is Cap we’re talking about.”
Tony shrugged listlessly. “I don’t know. Just… it’s probably going to be… Uh…” He looked away to rub the back of his neck.
Sherlock Holmes. Something that Steve also knew. He's seen a few Sherlock Holmes films before. Steve's read it. He even listened to the radio dramas every now and then. Perhaps Tony did have some consideration...
Giving the boy one last once over, you step aside. “Please come in and I’ll go get the young sir for you."
“Are you okay?”
As Steve woke up in the early hours for his run, he skipped pressing a kiss into Tony’s forehead. Instead, all Tony got was the bedsheets tucked back around him.
"I can take it back."
As you climb the stairs, you call aloud, "I’d get rid of the flowers if I were you."
“Wait, wait, wait. JARVIS, pause.
“Surely there’s more to you than swords?”
“It’s not that.” Tony took a deep breath to compose himself. “I mean that I don’t want this to be a one-night stand deal. I want more than that.”
Maybe it was because he knew both of their feelings, maybe it was because he didn’t know how to be a stealthy wingman, but one late afternoon found him collapsing on the common room couch where Rogers was sketching.
"There's no way you sat in the theater and watched this."
“Not a sword? Impossible!” The Blacksmith exclaimed. “Why, Stranger, if you don’t need a sword then what use am I to you? I can only make swords.”
Rhodey was barely a foot inside the gym again when Tony was there, grasping at his biceps to stop him from entering further.
The suggestion made Steve's skin itch. "Yeah. I'll think of something. Uh, does Tony have anything on his list?"
The corner of your mouth twitches down. “I can ask the same question, sir.”
Steve ran a hand on the side of his face, chuckling. “Not needed, Tony…” he sighed, “but not unappreciated.”
“Oh, prince, my dear Stranger," The Blacksmith fell to the Prince's bedside. "I have done a foolish thing and given you my heart. You were right, with my love for you I realized that you don’t need a sword, but sometimes a shield.” As a final goodbye, he kissed the hand of his beloved stranger.
“No one does. But what did you think?"
“And why’s that?” Steve affectionately rolled his eyes.
“Steve. Naked man. With
“Good Blacksmith, may I request a work that is not a sword?” the Stranger asked. “I need it for battle.”
Despite this firm declaration, the Stranger only said, “Then I will come tomorrow and ask again.”
better."
“But… to betray your friend? And absolutely ruining them?”
One day, a handsome, golden-haired Stranger entered his workshop. The Stranger seemed different from the Blacksmith’s usual patrons, for he radiated such a great sense of valor that the Blacksmith never encountered before.
"Why not?"
"That's nice to hear," Steve said truthfully.
Steve felt steam gather up in his chest, but it let it escape in a long exhale. It was only a movie. He could sit through one movie. But when they watched Sherlock Holmes and John Watson argue for the nth time, Steve couldn't help but blurt out, “Sherlock isn’t a good friend to Watson.”
“Of course, young sir,” you say because you would do anything to see this boy be happy.
As the movie showed blood-cloudy water go down the drain, Steve pulled Tony closer as he continued to kiss him deeper. Tony made a noise as he finally yanked into Steve's lap and Steve’s hands reached under his shirt.
“And it was a really good date. Jarv, Jarvis… he’s my
“He had to go for his morning run,” Tony said, skipping the coy talk. “That’s his thing.”
(After they depart, you find the disposed of flowers shoved inside the umbrella rack nearby the front door.)
“Tones, this isn’t even the tenth time I walked in on you.”
Knocking on the door, you call out, “Sir, a Steve Rogers is at the door for you.”
Horrified, the Blacksmith went to the castle where the Prince slumbered in the tallest tower. The sight of the Prince in his cursed state filled the Blacksmith with despair.
“It was…" Steve's gaze slipped away to the far side of the room. "Good.”
“Does this mean you like musicals?” Tony asked.
Tony looked away and tried to find a specific memory that didn’t exist. “Alright, that’s fair.”
Something in your jaw tenses. “What is stopping me from telling Sir myself?”
"You snuck in another movie where there's a guy that looks like you again," Steve squinted. "Is this the same actor? He's so much younger."
Not even the strongest Avengers would even dare to take the middle spot. The middle meant that you were bound to see bloodshed.
"Hello, Mister Rogers," you manage, opening the door fully. “What is the occasion this time?”
“Hey, Jarvis,” the boy says in a strained whimper.
"Well, I want to know about the you-thing." Tony moved closer so that his arm was resting behind Steve's shoulders and he was almost sitting on top of the man.
Steve briefly wondered how Natasha would react to Tony’s movie choice if she was here. A selfish part of Steve wanted to make sure he never found out.
Between talking about his emotional hang-ups from Howard’s parenting and his fears of failure, Tony admitted to a childhood crush on Captain America.
“May I ask why—?” You manage to say before the handset is ripped from your grasp.
"Tony..."
“Need I remind you that I can’t handle relationships?”
The morning also saw exposure to battle.
And when they fought it was
It couldn’t have been that long, you were there the entire time. Sure, you’ve seen Tony and Steve alike sneak around the garden every other day, answered the door for Steve countless times now, picked up the two in the pouring rain when Steve's car broke down, and that one particular morning that you found Steve and Tony snuggling in Tony's bed.
Steve leaned closed to Tony's ear and singsonged, "
Steve frowned as Tony dropped the popcorn bowl in his lap. “Yes. It was one of the few things I could do before… the serum.”
Their first battle was at an Avengers’ movie night.
So... he has never had to be a legitimate wingman for Tony’s love life before. Reluctance in matters like this has never happened. Tony's confidence in this field was in buckets. How do these things even go?
“Cursed! Much cursed! The Evil Warlock placed the Prince into a death-like sleep!”
“I am, too."
“Yes?” You barely manage because who was this supposed to be?
Rhodey watched as Tony kept scratching behind his ear, clearing his throat constantly, and fluttering his fingers with taking and replacing the restaurant's alcoholic drink menu from the table’s cardholder.
He likes me. Like, actually likes me. Do you realize how
“Stark Manor.”
“I thought I didn’t have that.”
Marion Crane’s black-and-white shower murder was unseen by Steve and Tony.
As head butler, you've adapted to observe secrets in passing and pay them no mind.
Steve sighed shortly. “We’re watching this because the guy playing Sherlock looks like you, right?”
in whipped cream.”
“Hey, if you want…" Tony said. "I can find you a stage showing of it--You know, one that's not a high school production--And you can go see it for yourself.”
Steve cleared his throat and shifted in his seat. “So, what movie are we watching, then?”
“Yeah, no. JARVIS, blacklist.”
Rhodey wishes he could be surprised by that.
“So... How’s everything?” Tony asked.
"This..." Tony searched for words, "This is meant for both of us to get to know each other. I made you sit through the movies that I enjoy, I can spare time to try to watch something you might enjoy."
Steve laughs airily and shakes his head as he gets his hands under him to push himself up to his feet.
“Yeah, I know that you saw. God, that’s embarrassing.” Tony buried his face in a hand.
"No need, Honey Bear! I got lunch delivered. Actually, let me go get it from the lobby." One blink and Tony was gone.
Stark! Anything can work out in fiction. Real missions don’t work out like that. And have you not heard of ‘The Final Problem?’”
“You will find the young sir in his bedroom, second door on the right.”
Rhodey felt his skin prickle and his heart pause before thumping erratically. “Oh? Why?”
“Oh! Mr. Stark? I'm-I’m Steve Rogers,” the boy holds out a hand, and you can’t help but shake it. “I’m here to work on a project with Tony.”
“Do you need anything else?”
“Yeah, I do. Why?”
So day after day, the Stranger would return and ask the same question, and day after day he would get the same response. But with each passing visit, the Blacksmith began to not be bothered by the Stranger's constant pestering (which really wasn't pestering). And he started to doubt his conclusion about being only a weapon maker.
Was Tony concerned that he was going to react badly because of a movie? That he wouldn’t be able to handle seeing some other guy get caught up in a plane crash?
“So why did you lead with the other one?”
“His abrasiveness makes it hard to remember.”
“We can talk about the thing you know I clearly saw.”
And despite Tony saying that he and musicals don’t mix, he did nod along to Tin Man’s number.
Steve gulps. “I, I’ve uh, come to pick up Tony,” his voice cracks again, a tick exposing his nerves.
“JARVIS,” Steve said. “Blacklist
. The amount of times Rhodey has seen Tony naked in all sorts of positions has left him void of any embarrassment. But he hasn’t heard of Tony continuing these practices since becoming Iron Man.
And you're extremely happy for him.
“Good Blacksmith, was it you?” The Stranger, now seen as the Prince, asked.
“Have you heard the news?” the townsperson said. “The prince of this kingdom fought with the Evil Warlock!”
Tony nodded hesitantly. “I mean, figured we should start doing this with the others. And seeing how movies brought us closer, I don’t see why it wouldn’t work on the others," he snapped his fingers, "Hey, I can even show why I called Thor Point Break that one time.”
"Thanks," Steve manages and, like the first time he visited, tip-toes around you to get inside.
Steve sighed. “And it was good. Though, I never want to meet a kid like Sid.”
He was highly skilled in his craft, yet the Blacksmith was callous and disillusioned. For many years, the Blacksmith’s only patrons were cruel men seeking deadly swords, so the Blacksmith thought that was the only thing he could ever create.
Another wave of applause had a quick death as rubber chicken feet carried Rhodey into the center of the stage, displaying his garnish, yellow feathered chicken suit.
Steve Rogers stands on the doormat. He switched up his hair, a loose suit jacket replaces his letterman, his backpack turned into drugstore flowers, but he still has the same scuffed sneakers.
Steve and Tony were no longer fighting.
"Don’t you usually go straight to the young sir's room via tree?"
However, Tony is terrible at keeping secrets. Especially when it concerned his feelings.
Rogers is passed talking with Rhodey finding him rubbing one off against Tony.
like that. I like being with him." Tony rushes up to you and clasps his hands. "So please don’t tell Dad, Jarvis. Please.”
"What brought you down here, Cap?" Tony asked.
“Come in, Jarvis!”
Tony stressed his mouth to stave off the pleased grin. Shocked nerves kept shooting up his arms from Steve's contact. “It’s nothing."
"I liked the space ranger. Buzz."
“No time for that, Prince, you must go and defeat the Evil Warlock!”
“Oh, I did. But… he gathers energy real fast.”
"Watson doesn't always need to feel like one day he'll be too late."
The next day, the Blacksmith waited for the Stranger but he never showed.
"You don't like musicals."
“Oo, that’s a tall order. It’d probably be only biopics about Captain America.”
Tony hesitated, then said, “I think the main couple were very stubborn to not admit they liked each other in the first place.”
“Good,” Rhodey nodded.
“Then I will come tomorrow and ask again.”
A feeling of foreboding makes the back of your neck prickle. You feel that something new is about to start, and you can't tell whether that something is positive or negative.
friend, Colonel James Rhodes of the United States Air Force.”
Promptly when the movie ended, Tony asked, “So how was it?”
Tony frowned. “But what?”
“Then that is what I will do, Highness,” said the Blacksmith.
“Surely there’s more to you than swords?”
we watching?”
“He never is.”
Tony glances back at you and gestures aggressively with his head to shoo you away.
“The Prince never found something that could replace a sword! So when the Evil Warlock attacked, the Prince had no choice.”
With that, Steve tipped them over to crash into the couch, manhandling Tony to lay on his back. Steve crawled on top of Tony, pulled off his shirt, and tossed it behind him before bending down to drag more delightful sounds out of Tony.
"It's good that we're not business partners, then," Steve said.
“Highness, let me be a servant to you," The Blacksmith bowed his head. "And I would do my best to follow and serve.”
“And that’s how I knew this was the kitchen,” Steve says.
The grandfather narrated,
Blond hair styled in a way you have not seen since your youth, looming height, a letterman, a backpack, and scuffed sneakers.
Steve knocked his elbow into Tony's arm in a playful protest. Tony returned the nudge with a lopsided grin. They continued until they dissolved into laughter and Steve, in between laughs, said to stop so they could continue watching.
with them. Tony is beginning to actually experience life and it makes you all sorts of worried.
Emotions the Blacksmith has never felt before then drove him to create something for the Stranger. Throughout the night, the Blacksmith worked tirelessly until he created something that was not a sword--but a shield. A creation meant to protect first and foremost. Perfect for the golden-haired Stranger that was incarnate of great valor.
Tony took away his hand to frown at Steve. "What?"
They broke into laughter until it faded and sat in silence, the credits still rolling, neither of them knowing what they were now waiting for.
Steve was soon introduced to a movie where a grandfather was reading his grandson a story of a couple named Buttercup and Westley. Buttercup, a plucky common girl who liked to pester the farmhand, Westley, who didn't talk beyond 'As you wish.'
The sudden weight of being the third wheel draped over Rhodey.
“A shield? With love? Good Blacksmith, I also--”
“Yes! No! Yes as in, I do remember why you're here. For that,” Tony waved a hand, “that thing. Yeah, that MIT thing later this week. You wanna grab lunch? Great! Let me freshen up.”
to provide an assist.
angled away from one another. They weren't even sharing a blanket.
“I never forget bets.”
"Can you at least tell me that you'll talk to the guy? That you won't leave this up in the air?"
Yet, you were only one that was shaken when you saw Tony’s small, saddened face through the car window as he was driven off to boarding school, the only one that guided him to a sink to freshen his face after being driven to tears by Howard’s severe words, the only one that sat down to read him a story at bedtime.
Later that night, Steve looked up the synopsis of
I also think that slightly moving around scenes did things to the story structure that I don't believe helped with--"
“Movie nights?” Steve asked from his seat on the communal floor's couch, watching Tony sit next to him with a large bowl. "That's what you thought up when Coulson told us to 'get along?'"
Rogers sprouted a handsome smile. "Hi."
The sigh that trails out of you is long and heavy. “Good evening, Steve... Or should I say morning?”
“You’ve visited the manor countless times already," you say.
“You didn’t tire him out enough?”
"Yeah, fine, Sherlock isn't exactly the easiest person to get along with. But at the end of the day, Sherlock comes through," Tony slumped into the seat before adding, "And Watson likes adventure just as much as Sherlock. It’s how it works."
Eyes shooting open, you straighten in your seat.
Steve's eyes widened momentarily. “No... Hey, when are we going to watch one where the actor looks like me?”
That’s it. Rhodey
” the voice cracks, and it coughs. “
“Which one of us chose this movie?” Tony asked as the movie panned out from the kissing couple.
“Yeah, I know.”
“Thought so. Time to get that bravo back, Cap,” Rhodey clapped Rogers’ knee before standing. “Take the dive, but don’t wear him out completely. We have a thing tomorrow.”
You inhale a stiff breath and open the door to see a fidgeting teenager.
“Hey, I don’t pick movies to share on a whim. There's deliberate thought put into it.”
," JARVIS answered. "
Steve and Tony sat through romantic moments in a movie before, even sat through somewhat provocative scenes... Yet, it was something about the scrupulous romantic film and its storyline. Having a bad first impression, being so stuck on it that it puts a strain on the dynamic before learning just a little more… seeing that they weren't so different... then seeing that they complimented each other so well... and then having a feeling develop deep within and trying to figure out what it was... just to realize that feeling was love.
Steve started at that. “Group movie night?”
Has he apologized for that? Has Rogers apologized for the things he said? Was it petty that he was waiting for Rogers to apologize for something that had an equal part in it? Since it was under Loki's influence did it make the argument void? Why was he being frustratingly stubborn about this? Why can't he just go up to Rogers and say--
Steve's body began to feel jittery but he managed to answer, “There were things the movie did… that didn't follow the Broadway version. And the way they changed some of the character portrayals and their interactions with one another don't coincide with the original Broadway version. And these character changes I feel don't keep the intergey of those characters and overall makes the film weaker--”
Even before the movie started, they dealt brutal strikes. Steve and Tony sat at opposite ends of the couch,
Rogers was glaring at the floor with a tick in his jaw and his fist clenched in a familiar ‘I-Want-To-Sleep-With-Tony-Stark’ tension.
Steve smiled, nonplussed. "Why should you be? It's fine. I just..."
Once upon a time, when magic was still around, there was a certain blacksmith.
One of the phones in the crowd didn’t turn off its flash.
Rubber-sole-name-football-captain-Steve Rogers? How did he manage to get this number?
That makes the boy pause. He glances over at you with apprehension.
“Drunk phone calls. You still do those."
So the two married and lived happily ever after.
Despite knowing this information, Tony didn’t breathe a word of it to anyone, much less you. If you try to pry, Tony would close up faster than a clam, so you acted none the wiser. Still, you find it ironic; Tony was displeased at all segments of high school, but now he found himself having a crush in the center of all high school pandemonium. Of course, you should've expected that Tony can never do things the easy way.
Tony frowned. “But…”
Tony suppressed his shiver and lightly shoved Steve away. "JARVIS, hit play."
“Good. Great. Well, since my first choice is a no-go… JARVIS, bring up
Making way to the front of the manor, you go through a mental index of who knew this address and holds enough nerve to visit. It couldn't be that Stane fellow again, could it? You wanted to have a nice afternoon.
Steve felt like he did something wrong. “I… I heard the main lead is a good actor. Tom Hanks, right?” He refrained from pulling out his phone and attempting to look it up. (Navigating the internet through his phone was still a work in progress.)
“I thought Captain America wasn’t around anymore! Tony, no. There’s no way I’m going to put on a stupid, ridiculous, idiotic, dumb--”
You’ve gathered enough clues to be certain of the fact. Rearranging Tony’s closet during its bi-weekly cleaning you come across his everyday sneakers and notice ‘STEVE ROGERS’ penned into the side of the rubber sole. The instance where Tony requested that you drive him to his high school football game when you distinctly remember that he hated the idea of sports as a freshman. (Tony was displeased that you brought this fact back up to him.) And when trying to move Tony’s backpack off the table one afternoon, its contents spilled from its open flap, and while gathering back up the supplies, you found a newspaper clipping showing off the high school football team hoisting their captain, Steve Rogers, on their shoulders.
“Point still stands.” Rhodey took a sip of coffee before continuing. “You remember that we have that MIT guest speaker event this afternoon, right?”
Tony's hands tensed as his words replayed in his head in an accusing hiss.
That night, the Blacksmith pondered. If a handsome stranger that seemed to embody goodness could be sure in his request, then what did that mean for the blacksmith? And what did it mean that the Stranger’s resolve made him feel so joyful?
Steve collected his resolve and came into Tony's workshop. Tony kept his attention on the blue screens before him even as Steve moved to stand behind him. Steve tilted forward for his forehead to rest Tony’s shoulder; a sign of surrender
There's nothing that you can really do from here. A voice inside you reasons that two teenagers wouldn’t want to be disturbed by anyone, status between them notwithstanding. However, the butler within you has a louder voice and cannot voluntarily refrain from providing refreshments.
“Stranger, that is all I am for.”
You’ve been bracing for this. Tony is no longer the little boy that you’d have to tuck into bed. Now, he’s a sixteen-year-old high schooler who thought the whole world was against him. You surely remember those years and don’t put it past him. Mostly.
“Yep,” Tony replied, throwing back a handful of popcorn, "that way we’re in each other’s company but don’t have to talk to each other. I mean, you know movies, right? They had those back in your time.”
Another swipe for disappearance. “It’s not needed to combat.”
“Hello, Jarvis, sir,” Steve greets with a strained smile.
has Sherlock's back. "
“I’m sure all this didn’t happen for a social media company,” Steve said, watching the characters on-screen continue to tear down a friendship.
“Stranger, that is all I am for.”
"Don't worry, I got a good one."
You are the butler, having an all-seeing viewing of the house is normal, and it’s expected that you conduct yourself professionally and never abuse this position of power.
“Our…” the boy’s face and ears go pink, “date, sir.”
It was!
Tony broke away to speak. “You know, this movie’s a classic. It's--“ His brain scrambled when Steve went to his neck. “It’s—It’s almost insulting that we’re not paying attention. We probably should--God,
Kicked out, you attempt to recuperate as you move to a different place in the manor. Tony managed to make contact despite his impartial outlook on high school. Maybe you underestimated that Tony has the tendency of getting what he wants.
“So where’s Steve?” Rhodey asked.
“Nowhere. Just going to hang out with Steve. I just know that Dad’s downstairs and I rather risk breaking my leg than deal with him asking questions.”
Serval days past and the Blacksmith was filled with distress. He realized the day when the Stranger first didn’t show was that he was in love with him, and when he was going to give the Stranger his shield, he’d confess his feelings. But days turned into weeks with no change and the Blacksmith was heartbroken. Wishing to seclude himself in his workshop, he went into town to stock up on provisions and caught the conversation of the townsfolk.
"Hurry on, sir," you garble over a yawn.
think of the musical?” Steve asked.
“Excuse me,” the Blacksmith said to the townsfolk. “What happened to the Prince?”
Did he say six months?
Steve's fingers grazed at Tony's wrist. "Stark?"
“Not a sword? Impossible!” The Blacksmith exclaimed. “Why, Stranger, if you don’t need a sword then what use am I to you? I only make swords.”
Tony grabbed some popcorn in pointed nonchalance. “Sherlock, the eccentric genius that saves the day because he’s such a genius, looks like me? Huh, didn't notice that."
“I’m sure there’s some out there that isn’t.”
The reason for their fight could have predictable answers. It could've been about battlefield recklessness or their bullheaded personalities getting the best of them. But the results were the same. Their argument generated copious amounts of tension and animosity that were ripe for warfare.
When Tony made a low noise and started spreading his legs wider for Rogers’ twitching hips Rhodey decided to break it up.
"So upstairs, right?" He begins to gingerly climb but halts. "Uh, where did you say his--"
“Yeah.”
"You'd watch it for me? Even after barely getting through the last one? Gee, that's swell of you, Tony.”
“I knew that wasn’t it!”
“Now, now, that wasn't on purpose. It was a complete accident--Did you not watch the movie? Because I am ready to defend animated toy cowboy, Sheriff Woody."
Rhodey opened his mouth to speak but Tony already escaped the gym. He already had a bad feeling about this.
“Be what?”
“Except for when it’s a group movie night!” Tony added.
“JARVIS reminded me. And I’m
But now Tony is trying to keep a secret.
“Strange.”
"Good." Rhodey nodded and left a bewildered Steve Rogers in the living room.
“The Evil Warlock?” another townsperson gasped. “But didn’t the Prince swear he was never one to hold a sword?”
Backpedaling down to midway of the hall, he called out loudly, “Tony? Are you in here?”
"Why?"
"Second door on the right," you cut in.
"Yeah, no," Tony cut Steve off, waving a finger. "We're not doing that. None of that." He sighed and heaved himself up. "Alright, goodnight, Steve.”
"I'm sorry too," Tony blurted when the movie ended. "About what I said on the helicarrier. It... It's not what I think at all. You're... a good team member. I'm glad that I get to work with you."
what he wanted to talk about on the first night of this. "Let's-Let's just get back to the movie."
“You know, new guy in a brave new world. Buzz has this pesky moral compass and charming personality that makes everyone like him… Even makes others feel insecure.”
Tony’s other attacks were no less also disheartening.
"Oh, called it."
“Oh, come on!" Tony whined as the screen exited out of the film. "I hear there’s a scene where the guy who looks like you is naked and
Steve gave it some consideration. “I’d want you to come with. So you can see how it usually looks. And I'd like to go with someone for a change.”
"Nah," Tony grabbed Steve's wrist and pulled Steve back onto the couch. "You're not leaving that easily."
"I'll... be careful then," Rogers said slowly.
Steve shrugged. "Nothing. So, same time next week?" He asked and stood.
Steve was the first to admit defeat.
Tony blew kisses out to the crowd. “Thank you, thank you. And may I please welcome my dear,
THE END
The boy looks at you as if he can’t believe that you’re making him say it aloud. If he didn’t want to run into this situation then he shouldn’t have interrupted your quiet night.
Tony shook his head and forced a smile. “A good one.”
can?" Steve pointed at himself wryly.
“Thank you, Jarvis," Tony replies tightly.
Tony burst into laughter and fell back to the other side of the couch. “You’re killing me here, Cap. I’m being nice here! I try to be nice and I discover you’re a musical purist?!" He sighed tenderly. "You're really are a treasure."
Letting yourself in, you intake the situation.
Steve looked away so that Tony didn’t see his smile was bigger than necessary. When he managed to taper down his smile, he added, "And, hey, when we go… can we go in
In fact, it made him feel warm and feel less strange about what almost transpired.
“It’s for the dramatics,” Tony protested, swiping the design back.
The movie continued, and unsurprisingly, Watson returned to Holmes’ side as if he never debated on leaving it in the first place.
Tony blinked and shook his head. “Alright, before we go thinking too deeply about talking toys, I’m going to bed.”
Which explains Rhodey's immense surprise when he walked into the Avengers Tower’s gym and saw Steve Rogers--
“Then what else can we talk about?”
“I should’ve expected this,” Tony deadpanned.
"So, I really did hear the doorbell. God, he's really here," Tony reached up to fuss with his over-moussed hair. "Do I look alright?"
“This MIT thing made me think of memories of us… About the talks we used to have late at night…”
But the new king refused. “I don’t want you to serve me, good blacksmith.” the King pulled the Blacksmith before him. “For I love you too dearly as well. It would make more sense to stand beside me and help me rule this kingdom. Think to marry me.”
"Now how did I do that?" Tony protested.
? He brought up a hand to his face to rub an eye. "What I'm getting at, Cap, is that business will interfere with friendships. It’s how it works.”
Steve reached over Tony for a handful of popcorn. “You really should’ve.”
“I do.”
“And I remember one night we had a conversation… And we made a bet…” Tony’s grin was shark-like. “About what you’d do when I banged Captain America…”
Steve’s stomach fluttered as Tony titled his head, scrunching an eye as he thought. He straightened and smiled. Yet his smile looked different... Instead of its usual warmness that Steve began to anticipate, it looked... mischievous. "Alright. I got one. The actor's also young, takes place in a high school, and has him as a football player. JARVIS."
The two sat there, eyes locked. Their faces started to drift closer...
"I was wondering if I could talk to you."
“You tricked me,” Steve said, looking down to Tony who was laid his head on Steve's thigh.
“Tones… I’m serious.”
"Got it. Thanks."
Steve snorted. “Thank God you think I’m adorable. Extremely grateful that you think me liking pleasant music and nice dancing is adorable.”
"Yep, such pleasant music," Tony muttered after sitting through the screeches that were "We Welcome You to Munchkin Land."
Rhodey has walked in on Tony more times than he wanted to admit.
"But what?"
“Jarvis! Jesus," Tony grips at his chest, "make some noise, will you?”
"You really are the best. I swear, I'll tell you about it soon... I'll be back later tonight, okay, I promise." He rushes past you but double backs. "He didn’t, like, bring flowers, right?”
A memory hit Rhodey like a hard flick on the forehead. A night during their junior year at MIT. Rhodey and Tony recently finished midterms and they had an unexpected, introspective conversation.
Oh, this was the
that is? Someone actually likes me. I actually feel like I’m a human being instead of whatever the hell I've been for the last sixteen years of my life. Next to only you, Steve's the only one who gave a damn about anything I've ever done. He likes to be with me. And I really, really,
”Don’t worry, honey. I’m gonna keep you occupied.”
”Yeah”, Steve told him, still trying to make his voice not sound so thin. ”Yeah, of course.”
”I know”, Tony sighed, not bothering to hide his disappointment. ”So, besides being a cripple I’m an impotent now.”
Tony’s healthy arm wrapped around Steve, his hand pulling him backwards by the hair so that he could press his lips to the omega’s.
It’s a shame that the universe doesn’t care either.
If there’s one thing he agrees on with Thanos, it’s the fact that this is personal.
”Did – nothing happened, right?”
”Penny for your thoughts”, Steve had said.
He eventually did and Steve sank his cock deeper inside of him. After another brief moment, he experimentally thrusted a little, and that’s when a reminder growl escaped Tony.
Steve has no idea what AC/DC is and it must show on his face, because then Tony goes on:
”Don’t let them touch me, Nat. Not even if I beg for it, not unless it really becomes a matter of life and death. Promise me.”
The final chapter! Epilogue aka ch. 10 came out right after so don't forget to read that, too. ;)
Everything was made so perfect and it didn’t take long for Steve to grow greedy, his breathing turning ragged, heat pooling in his lower stomach.
The ship is not down yet when he arrives outside, and with his heart in his throat, Steve watches it land – no, getting
”He had, but he sneaked in here this morning without telling us. Stole some weapons and left.  Apparently, he also visited the living quarters, because he sent Nat a message about you.”
He jerks a bit when Steve begins to stroke his cock, impossibly gently, careful not to squeeze too hard with the rather unideal friction the water creates. A delicate smile hovers on Steve’s lips, and Tony wipes off some shampoo that’s threatening to drip down to Steve’s eyes, then leans to kiss the spot between Steve’s brows.
“Mm-h”, Tony commented, continuing to tease him. “What do you want, Steve?” His grip around Steve’s ankle tightened.
”It’s good you called for the doctor. And it’s good you took Emmy. If I’d been fully in heat already when I woke up, I might not have allowed you to take him”, he admits. ”Sorry for snapping at you.”
”Feels so good”, Steve purrs at him. ”Thank you for taking such good care of me, sir.”
”I guess it’s just my way to deal with this. Makes it easier not to think about him. About all of them.”
”What’s up, Kitty? What are you so worried about now, buddy?” he asks briskly, starting to bounce the baby in his arms. He grins at the way Steve and Peter are both struggling to find words.
Steve turns to look at him, and now he is quite clearly offended.
Steve breathes out, tears threatening to spill from his eyes. ”Of course I love you”, he retorts, frustrated.
He falls asleep to Tony stroking his hair.
Then Tony’s there, gripping his shoulder.
Steve makes a move towards the bed, but Tony’s voice stops him. ”Stay there for a while.”
The pain in his chest is steady, not getting harder but not easing either. Steve stares into the distance, feeling powerless as breathing starts to feel difficult until he has to work for every huff of air he pulls. His body is shutting down, the longing finally getting to be too much.
A little blush rises onto Steve’s face, and he smiles breathlessly, his eyes closed. Tony kisses his jaw.
Steve can’t blame the twins for seeing Tony as their hero, because that’s what Steve sees in Tony himself. The scars are a constant reminder of his bravery, of the unparalleled amount of heart he has, and Steve could look at him all day the way he now does. Tony’s hair has discreetly started to show grey, and he’s getting old so beautifully it makes Steve weak. He can’t help his mouth from watering as he thinks that soon, he’ll get to spend days in bed with his precious alpha –
Steve bursts into a short, bitter laughter and tears at the same time. Tony’s fingers massage him, trying to soothe him.
”How have you been, sweetheart?” he mumbles. Steve lifts himself up to kiss Tony’s forehead.
Tony looks uncomfortable and Steve feels for him, but he just waits patiently until Tony finally musters up words.
God, Steve knows very well what that means and oh how he has been waiting for it. He leans his head back a little, enjoying the way Tony’s beard rubs against his cheek.
”Hey”, he says reassuringly, offering Tony a gentle smile. ”As excuses go, that’s not so bad.”
The twins tend to soothe each other, so they share a crib. The downside is that they also often wake each other up if one starts crying. Kieran is the one crying now – Emmett is still silent, but he’s eyeing his surroundings with a scrunched-up face, kicking the air irritatedly.
When he gets to his quarters, Steve sits on the bed with a sigh, raking his fingers through his hair.
” he demands to know, staring at his oma in some sort of secondhand embarrassment.
”I love you”, Tony has said before he even realises. He kisses Steve’s jaw, his throat. ”I love you. I love you. I love you.” He wipes the tear off of Steve’s face, smiling at him. ”I love you.”
”Funny word, ’late’”, he had started in that infuriatingly chipper tone of his. Clint had drowned his own glass empty in a manner that told that he knew exactly what was coming and wasn’t going to be there for it.
”No, Tony, don’t –”
He realises he can’t keep hurting them both like this anymore. Bitterly, he understands why Steve has brought up breaking the bond.
”Mr. Rogers, sir, it’s an honor”, Peter rushes to say, offering his hand to a shake. Steve takes it, smiling kindly.
Tony sighs.
Until now.
Steve reaches behind to take Tony’s cock into his hand, earning a little mewl from his alpha. He props the eager member up, sliding his leaking hole teasingly against it.
He wants to touch Steve so bad that he can’t stop himself from at least giving in to burying his hand into his hair. He touches Steve’s face, and while he’d never minded the beard, the smooth skin feels pleasant against his fingertips. Steve kisses Tony’s hand, then starts coaxing his shirt up. Tony lifts his arms, letting Steve pull it off of him, feeling slightly self-conscious about his weight-loss. But Steve doesn’t stare, just starts planting kisses everywhere while his hand keeps pumping Tony’s now fully erect cock. Tony closes his eyes as Steve kisses his chest, his collarbones, his shoulders, his arm all the way down to his palm, which he pries open and kisses in the middle.
Tony reaches his face, and Steve peeks at him, his face pressed into the pillows. A tender smile greets him before Tony leans to kiss his temple.
Life still wasn’t perfect and it had its struggles, but it was finally getting better for them.
The rake halts in Steve’s hand. After a few frozen seconds, he carefully sets the tool against a tree next to them and turns to look at Tony.
Tony looks at him and the therapist consecutively.
If Tony didn’t know better, he’d accuse Steve of manipulation. All that’s missing is ’please, alpha’. But manipulation isn’t really in Steve’s roster, and so the pleading manner he says those words with is genuine.
A small grin spreads on Steve’s lips, and he grinds his ass temptingly against Tony’s unmoving hips, making Tony’s fingers press hard into his waist.
”What is it?” he asks, sitting next to him.
There isn’t time for more. Tony’s hands come up to buckle Steve’s chinstrap back, and they share one final, determined look between them before stepping outside where Thor stands waiting, his eyes fixed on Thanos’ figure.
”Fuck”, Tony breathed out, pulling Steve’s hips against his crotch.
”You don’t look so good. Are you sure my presence is helping at all?” Thor asks.
”I’m here”, Tony states.
He leans his head against Steve’s shoulder and hears Steve sigh as he guesses what’s coming.
His hand halts as his eyes fix on an ultrasound picture that’s hanging on the fridge door. It’s crushing how masterfully Tony has already learned not to notice it and the other pictures.
”Try not to worry, Steve. I’ll do my best finding someone reliable.”
He can’t. Tony’s tongue begins to fuck him and his muscles spasm, his body simply unable to resist the stimulation.
”The therapist wants you to come with me to the next session.”
The baby is still crying. Steve works on autopilot as he gets up, picking up and pulling on a pair of boxers on his way towards the noise. It’s not far – the babies are still so small that they sleep in the same room with them.
Hearing the word from between Steve’s lips after so long, too long, sends primal, vicious pleasure down Tony’s spine, and he sighs, his fingers pressing more tightly into Steve’s neck.
”No”, Steve says, and Tony searches his eyes to be sure, moving his finger slightly. ”No”, Steve says again. He hums and it does sound like it’s from pleasure. ”I promise, Tony. It feels good.”
”I missed you”, Steve says, his voice almost as pained as Tony feels. ”Andmoreagain came from the radio and it made me… I couldn’t help it, okay?” he snaps, and it’s easy to tell he’s trying not to cry again.
“That’s it”, Tony tells him, sounding more than a little hurried now. “That’s it – oh, jesus, Steve”, he falters and then his hips are getting out of control, slamming jerkily against Steve until Steve can feel his come filling him, the warmth of it leaving him feeling perfectly spent and used as the intensity of his own pleasure slowly begins to subside.
the rest of it open, the sound of the fabric ripping sending all of the blood in Steve’s body rushing to his groin.
”Christ, what am I doing?”
”Could I have some clothes?”
”It’s the truth, Steve”, Tony continues, petting his omega’s hair and pressing his lips to his neck.
”Of course you do”, she says calmly. ”You’re their oma.”
He kisses Steve’s neck.
Relieved that Tony apparently isn’t trying to call it quits, Steve shifts a little closer to him, his eyebrows knitting in compassion.
”You say that like it’s nothing”, Steve observes, his mask starting to break.
”A shame”, Tony says finally, his features warming into a smile. ”It’s fucking beautiful.”
”God, this is horrible”, he laments, bored with his own self-pity. The noise in his head has gone quiet though, so there’s that. He bounces up from his chair, a little sway in his step. ”Play something fun, FRIDAY, would you?”
Something is holding him down, and he trashes against it.
their lost companion back.”
Steve, Clint, Bruce and Nat had already dug in at their usual Saturday night dinner at the Tower when Tony had sauntered in. When they’d started having these dinners regularly, Tony hadn’t shown much interest on the tradition, but lately, he had been showing up more and more often.
Fifteen minutes later, he returns to the kitchen to find Tony setting up the table and Peter holding a sleeping baby in his arms. It’s a little unnerving, but just because the only time Steve has seen his baby in the arms of anyone else than himself, Tony, or the babysitter, was when Natasha came to see them a couple of weeks ago. Nat seems like a surprisingly natural caretaker, a sensible beta with an admirable mix of the fierceness of an alpha and the sensitiveness of an omega.
There was already a bluish mark on Steve’s neck from before that hadn’t yet healed entirely. Tony sank his teeth next to it, hard enough to make Steve yelp, and fastened his pace a little as he felt Steve begin to spasm under him. With a loud, long whimper, the omega came, warm liquid spreading on both of their stomachs.
Dum-E was working on something for him, or at least trying its best to, in its usual clumsy manner. It reminded Steve of one time he’d brought coffee into the workshop and Dum-E had reached for Tony’s cup curiously.
”Nice to see you outside”, he jokes softly when Tony’s in earshot.
Not much time is wasted on the pleasantries. Tony sits beside him, leaving enough room between them to fit at least one person or alternatively, the hostile air between them. The therapist sits into her chair, crossing her legs and eyeing them for a second.
”Here it is”, Tony said to the man cheerily, like he’d actually been looking for something, and he was thrusting into Steve and pumping his cock and keeping him quiet and he started speaking
“Per-“ he starts, faltering as Tony’s cock hits him particularly good, making him whimper. Tony gives his side an affectionate stroke in acknowledgement.
As Tony’s hand lands lightly onto his skin again, Steve lets out a little, eager hum. He’s desperate for Tony to fuck him, to be rough with him, but again, it is not his place to want. It seems he might be in luck, though, because next, he hears Tony open a bottle of lube and soon Tony’s finger is entering him again, gentle now.
”No”, Tony says, surprising him. ”Don’t downplay it. Tell me.”
”My alpha”, he mumbled hardly audibly, his hand stroking Tony’s side and belly. ”My brave baby.”
Tony groans frustratedly, getting up from the bed. He starts pacing around the medical bay, extremely fed up with the place. It’s a bitch to haul the IV with him, but he can’t rot in that bed for a second longer.
Steve lifted himself up to see Tony’s face, and the possessiveness refused to let go of him, the sight of his injured mate making his mouth twitch again as he fought to hold in another growl.
Tony smiles against Steve’s shoulder blade. His omega had had his first sexual experience with another person at the tender age of 27, so Tony guesses that it’s only logical that he should fall into a baby fever at that of 40.
”What do you mean?” he asks softly. Tony has never seemed uncomfortable with intimacy or being affectionate.
Right, Bucky thinks. Steve’s also the saddest drunk of people who cannot actually get drunk.
Sometimes Tony wished he could hold Steve like this, let him be wrapped in physical warmth all over like he himself was now. Mostly, just because it felt so good.
Steve huffs. ”Tu es ma joie de vivre”, he replies with a hint of sarcasm. Tony kisses his neck.
”That’s right, baby. Let it go. I’m here”, Tony fuels him, his words coming out more possessive than he meant for them to. For Steve it seems to work, though, because he palms Tony’s ass, trying to pull him even closer.
And on the other hand, he hates the idea that Steve doesn’t understand, that he doesn’t realise that Tony misses him like hell, all the time, of course he fucking does. Some days, the good days, being around Steve and constantly smelling him is pure torture. It’s not about that and it really offends him to think that Steve would take his unwillingness as a comment on his own attractiveness.
”This isn’t a punishment”, Tony continues as he takes position. ”Do you understand?”
Tony.
Needy noises begin to leave his throat, and that’s when Tony slaps his left pec, not too hard but hard enough for it to sting.
It’s gotten dark outside. Steve can hardly remember where he is, but he does remember the box on the floor. He reaches for it, removing the lid and flipping the box upside down so that all of its contents scatter on the bed. He picks one toy up, but it seems too small, so he picks another, but this one he doesn’t even know what to do with, he picks a third, which definitely is not even the right type of toy. Eventually he finds a simple vibrator that seems like a good choice. It’s even got working batteries.
Steve only mewls in response, clenching around Tony’s cock as he feels the knot of pleasure in his stomach tightening. He can hardly feel his limbs; he feels wonderfully detached from his body, and if he’d be asked to suddenly stand up now, he wouldn’t know where to start. Luckily he doesn’t have to worry about such things, because he’s in Tony’s hands and he knows that it’s safe for him to just let go entirely.
”Me? I’m fabulous. Look at me”, he says sarcastically, his tongue turning heavily in his mouth. Before Steve can say anything Tony doesn’t want to hear, he continues, pointing his finger vaguely up at the source of the music: ”Hey, wanna be my ’somebody’?”
Steve takes Emmett eagerly as Tony offers him, and holding him is just as perfect as with Kieran. Tony goes back to bed himself, sitting down to watch them. Once again, Steve doesn’t really notice him, holding Emmett in his arms being everything he’s concentrated on. He whispers Emmett things, about his hair turning lighter like his, about his perfect little nose being like Tony’s, all sorts of babble that only really makes sense to him as the words pour out. But eventually, Emmett too begins to seem sleepy, and Steve settles him to bed. Kieran’s already fallen asleep, his soft puffs of breath pulling at Steve’s heartstrings. He watches Emmett, holding his tiny hand lightly and continuing to coo at him quietly until Emmett’s eyes close too.
Finally, a lopsided grin begun to form on Tony’s face.
”Perfect.”
”I can fuck you, honey. Gladly. I can fuck you hard, if that’s what you need. But not like I’m goddamn raping you.”
”Oh, for fuck’s sake, Steve”, Tony says, sounding both relieved and frustrated. He sits on the bed and looks at Steve pointedly. ”Fuck you.”
Happy has put his camera on, and Kieran is there, on the screen. Alive. His wide eyes are staring a little past the camera at Happy. He’s got some of his tiny fingers shoved into his mouth, and when Tony calls out his name, he smiles around them.
”I’m sorry, honey”, Tony tells him, and it almost sounds like he means it. ”You’re already breaking the rules. You know what that means, right?”
Tony doesn’t answer. He’s not stupid enough to think for a second that it’s actually anger he feels towards Steve, but the worry is so intense it is hard to tell. He’s just spent weeks offering everything, including his own life, to all the higher powers he doesn’t believe in in his mind to just have Steve alive in exchange. Everything, anything, for Steve to live and for his children to live. For Steve not having to suffer the loss of either of them, for their children to have their oma. But he doesn’t get to decide, he never gets to decide, and Steve hadn’t listened to a thing he’d said when he’d tried to convince him that not everybody had to go.
The next second he realises how selfish he is being, though, because this is important to Steve and he knows why. In his mind he’ll never be the perfect omega because of the serum, but this has always been a way for him to feel like he’s filling the purpose nature’s given him just like any other omega, to let go for a while. It’s stupid because to Tony Steve
Tony pushes his cock into him, burying himself straight to the hilt, and Steve’s mind goes blissfully silent. There’s mild pain, his body protesting the hasty invasion, but it hurts in the best way possible.
Taking care of Kieran and Emmett comforts him, as ironic as it may sound considering how things were just a couple of weeks ago. But Steve is starting to see that the problem was never them.
Steve can’t really blame the kid – he has just charged into the room with a loudly crying manifestation of his and Tony’s intimate relationship, in a sweater that’s decorated with Emmett’s breakfast. He also still has that stupid beard, not least because the twins seem to have taken a liking to grabbing it. There is a reason why Steve has always tried to keep his private life just that; private. Everyone knows that he is an omega, some have even viewed him as some sort of an icon for them, but no one
”Yes”, he says, giving a tiny, slightly nervous laugh. ”Please.”
Not a dream...
They both grew up in the streets of Kirkwall, both alone, both merely children. He was a mage. She was a fighter. They weren't blood siblings, but that didn't matter, because they considered themselves brother and sister anyway.
“You'll stay for now?” asked Tony to Ramuh. “Help us train for a bit?”
With a pout, Tony said, “Yes, ma'am.”
And this time there was no mistaking the dip in voices.
Inside a giant, glass containment system, she stared at him, her delicate hands pressed against the glass. Her hair floated around her, twirled long, far longer than he remembered it being, and she glowed a faint blue, her skin, shades of blues, greens, and grays. Tears filled her eyes...
“That's....true.”
“It's probably not, but I'm not known for good ideas. Anyway, we've sat here for a bit, and nothing's attacked yet. Plus, we'll cover more ground.”
“I'm Dagna,” said the small dwarf. “This grump is Harritt, and he works on all the basic,” this earned a scoff, “armour and weapons, and I deal with the weirder stuff. Did you need something made? Something looked at?”
“What the fuck?” Hawkeye exclaimed as he let arrows fly.
~~My Sanctuary~~
Tony smiled, then looked at the girls.
“Bruce it is, then!” grinned Tony. “Were you going to the Undercroft, too? I guess this Dagna person wanted to talk to me.”
Tony let the tunic go, relacing them with shaking hands. “Once, in the Gallows, some Templars didn't like the way I talked, so they got creative.” He laughed, but it was bitter. “I've never exactly been in the tip top shape. I have a tendency to get distracted by ideas, so...I almost died.”
“What the fuck?” said Tony.
Tony nodded, getting to his own feet. “You go one way, I'll go the other.”
“Relax. I'm not going to molest you,” said Steve, sitting down on the corner of his bed, as he indicated a nearby chair.
Sticking his tongue out, Tony held Waterfall out for Steve to take, as Bruce wrapped the band aide on his finger.  To their surprise, Steve managed to hold the blade for only a few seconds, before it disappeared, then reappeared in Aqua's hand.
“You are all exceptional in your own ways,” said Leliana. “Whether you can work as a team has yet to be seen, but we feel that the potential is there.”
However, the good part of being a mage was also being able to communicate with spirits, and just like the damned Fear demon, Tony also attracted a few spirits with him. One spirit of Justice, decided it was high time to be reintroduced, and punched the demon in the face.
“No, I didn't,” Tony replied, but his eyes could not look away from the bodies below him, people he knew, people he just met.
Tony kept trying to call up this mysterious keyblade that supposedly he had the potential to call, but the more he stared at his empty hand, the more irritated he became. How was he supposed to protect anyone if this thing didn't show up?
“Then disappear for who knows how long and come back out with fists flying,” continued Rhodey.
~~You can't breathe until you choke, You gotta laugh when you're the joke~~
“Not just,” said Rook. “There may come a time when the Inquisition is no longer needed. But there will always be people who need help, and their voices aren't always heard. It's true that this group will currently help the Inquisition, just like the Chargers do, but we...I want a group that can survive after, and still help those in need. Thedas will always need heroes.”
It truly fascinated him, how emotional his Nobodies could appear. Memories, perhaps? He couldn't study this further without someone like Namine...
Steve nodded. “I thought as much.”
Xigbar's eyes widened as Tony shifted to his other form, a beautiful sword in his hand, blue and yellow, twinned into a blade, the hilt and guard shaped like the arc reactor, though the blues of the blade were darker. He didn't pause, lunging at the Nobody.
“You're still wearing that monstrosity of a tunic? I thought that was just in the Fade, like a night gown or something.”
When someone had to nerve to say, “So you're now one of those mutant freaks,” Steve had a very difficult time not punching the ass in the face.
Natasha and Axel shared a look.
“What are you talking about?”
"Okay," said Tony, standing up. He took a few tentative steps, feeling the weight of the armor. They weren't the heaviest available, but certainly much more than mage robes.
And met large, brown eyes that he knew so well.
“Oh, terribly sorry,” said a voice that came from above them...or beside them...or below them...Tony  couldn't tell at the moment. “Guess I should have introduced myself, first, right?”
And then there was the magic. He sat with the crystals, alternating between them. He knew Ramuh still remained, but the man only smiled when he saw Tony. Sometimes, Tony changed, looked at himself in the mirror, this creature who wasn't him, with what used to be the arc reactor shining in his chest. It now felt like flesh, a part of him, and he didn't know what the plunge into the Lifestream did  to heal his body, to alter it.
“And?” said Wanda. She received numerous glares for the comment.
“Yes,” he whispered. Gently, Steve took his hand, kissed it, and slid the ring on, before standing up.
“Oh! It's you!” she said, and her eyes seemed to sparkle more. “I heard you had a bunch on you from a fight or something, and I was so hoping I could see it. Can I see it, please? I promise I won't touch.”
Just get on your knee and propose already, Steven!
He was silenced with a kiss.
~~I've become so numb, I can't feel you there...~~
“Very good, Captain,” said the voice of Stane. He stepped out from behind the trees, encased in armor of red lyrium, his eyes tinged. “I'm sure if I gave you time, you would even find more clues.”
“Was...I was...can we...talk about that another time? Just suffice it to say I'm not with them anymore, and no, I'm not a Nobody, and no, I really don't want to talk about it...?”
Steve took Tony's hand, rubbing it gently, before gently tugging at the smaller man, pulling him closer into his arms.
She gave a sigh, cast a quick spell, and made her careful way through...
Still, Tony insisted that a few things remain secret to his future husband.
“Not surprised,” said Bucky, studying his nails.
The start of the first Avengers mission
“It is an honor to meet you, Tony Stark,” said the stranger, and in the blink of an eye, the image changed. Suddenly, his beard, hair, and mustache were long, white, and sleek. He wore blue robes, runes on his long sleeves. “My name is Ramuh.”
“Finally,” he said. A chuckle, and a bite to the neck was his reply.
“Can you?” asked Ramuh, a smile on his face.
“You're here,” repeated Tony.
Tony's eyes focused on the calm individual, sitting on a bench, watching the trio. He wore the same robes, his face and hair completely covered, except for his piercing, blue eyes. One second, he was there, the next, gone.
“Yes, the two would get along quite well, I think,” replied Solas.
Tears started to fill their eyes, and Tony felt his insides tighten, his throat constrict a little.
Tony smiled. “He won't. I won't let him.”
Tony stared at the pair in utter shock. He knew Natasha had his back, but in such a short time, to have gained a few new allies...not to mention the team...
“FRIDAY, where's Tony?” he asked.
Tony did not recognize this voice, and he immediately tensed. Compassion squeezed his shoulder, but didn't move. The elf that approached him was entirely bald, no tattoos, so not Dalish, and wore the simpliest of clothes. Something made Tony uneasy. He could sense something on the very edges of his mind. Not a demon, he could tell, but something else. A well of power that just skirted the edges of his mind, but not malevolent, either. Oh good...a mystery in a conundrum; just what he always wanted.
Silently, Tony followed. He considered asking questions, but figured that it would be futile. Clearly, Steve wanted to tell him something, but wished for a more private venue.
But he never backed out before.
“You may call me Ade,” said the Heartless. He removed a shield, the same symbol on it, and in his hand appeared a spear.
“Sweet Maker,” whispered Hawkeye.
“His mom...your mom, there, she was an esper. Uncle became obsessed, like so many other, with their power, thinking that if you...he, had been just a bit stronger with magic...”
Xion yelled, “No!”
“Excellent. Give Bruce my regrets for not staying for dinner.”
"But you're here," said Tony.
"Perhaps you should reconsider?" Harritt asked.
This, of course, didn't scare Anthony one bit. Nope. Okay, maybe a little. Especially after one brutal beating that nearly killed him, made him invent at the spur of the moment an enchantment that would make it so his heart didn't stop beating...that was another story...
“FRIDAY hinted something might not be right, so...”
“So did you.”
“Nu uh. I'll practice, and then I'll smack things with it. M'gonna be a mini Hulk.”
It was finally starting to calm down, to once more feel like a family instead of just a regular team. Sure, Wanda still seemed tense around Tony, and certain topics were still off the table, but they were starting to get along again.
“I promise.”
“They're going to be a handful,” said Pepper.
Carefully, slowly, Aqua raised her hand. With a shimmer, a sword appeared in her hand. It held a diamond motif, the blues of the blade crisscrossing to create the shapes in the middle, as it made it's way down. The hilt was simple, but the guard seemed almost like the cascade of a waterfall. He could see the keychain itself, like a drop of water.
“Family.”
She was...exuberant, Natasha admitted. Cute, in a hyperactive puppy sort of way.
“Yes,” she said, tugging at his arm when he finally managed to get his sneakers on.
Clint snickered, but didn't reply.
“Avengers, I have a mission for you,” said Rook, when all were present.
“I know you supported Hawke against Meredith,” said Tony. “Is it true...that you went after the Templars that beat me up?”
This woke him up just a bit, just because the comment seemed so strange. He blinked, sitting up, groaning as his body protested the movement.
“Let us first talk about us,” said Ramuh. “About your gifts, and magic. It comes in many forms, this magic, and very few here can access this power freely. There are, of course, other magics, but this is not currently important. When you were infused with our blood, this well opened, allowing you access to our magic.”
Nothing. Just white. Blank, like a clean slate...
“I'm ignoring that part, Ms. Aqua.”
“You can't keep kissing me to make me shut up,” Tony said after they caught their breath.
“I don't suppose you could tell us something else?”
~~But I don't care what they say~~
“It'll make you cry,” she said, and that was all.
He and Steve, shockingly, didn't agree on something else in the ongoing revision of the Accords, and decided that having another sparing match would be good. Nobody really mentioned that the two of them coming to blows head on and full armor may not be the best idea given their track record.
“I'm usually that person, but after seeing... I'm okay just sitting for now. So, you are part of the Inquisiton.”
This madman, whatever his name was, had easily wrapped them in magic, and though Wanda definitely  seemed to try and counteract the spells, he had the upper hand.
~~Hunt you down, eat you alive~~
“To the point, Hawkeye,” snapped Fury.
To the Stream....the espers called it 'The Life Stream.'
“First time in command?” asked Steve.
What of the many people he slept with? The drunken mistakes he made?
“So, I guess we each have a decision to make,” said Bucky. “Choose to learn, or refuse.”
Tony retreated to the Undercroft, feeling far more comfortable with the sound of the waterfall nearby, and Dagna occasionally giving her input into his current project. He had come up with the ideas before the attack years prior, but never truly had the chance to work upon them before his Tranquility. Desire muted the need to put the ideas into motion, but now...
That's how much sugar there is in this chapter.
“Sorry to wake you up, Boss,” said FRIDAY. “But Thor and a visitor are currently waiting in the dining area.”
Steve tossed him onto the bed. Tony yelped, then glared again. Smirking, Steve crawled onto the bed, and Tony's eyes widened. It really was like watching a tiger stalk its prey, and Tony really wasn't certain he enjoyed being the deer.
“What do you mean what did I do?” he looked at his other teammates, most of them shrugging.
“We're siblings,” said Natasha, sitting down, eyes narrowed. So Bull knew who she was...
She left, a wave of her hand, as if she hadn't just given the Captain a thinly veiled threat. Again, apparently, though the first seemed less veiled...
Kou began to preen his hair, so he took that as an okay from her. He called the Keyblade, looked at it, then raised it, pointing at the door. He wasn't sure what to expect: lights? Stars and beams of magic?
“Tony, do you remember what I said? About how we're a team, how we'll always be together?”
“No,” said Tony. “We drop this conversation. When you want to talk about it, we'll talk.”
“See? Not everything I say is bullshit. Just about half, give or take.”
“It's pretty!” Kairi said. “And so romantic.”
Steve nodded, staring at his hands. “You showed me something deeply personal before, not afraid of what others would say. I'm...not as brave. I'm afraid...I'll have to take my shirt off.”
Perhaps because he had only reawakened, but the words seem to stab into him even more than usual. He hadn't had these thoughts in so long. He hated this part of being a mage.
“I'm sorry, Phoenix,” he whispered.
Stane continued to laugh. “Poor Anthony. How long will it take you to realize nobody cares about you. They all want something from you, your body or your mind.”
“So?”
“And here comes the cavalry!” called the woman. She lifted her fingers, and the bolt shot forward.
“W-what...?” Tony blinked a few times to try and focus.
“They have computers?” said Tony, sitting up, eyes shining.
Steve snorted.
His blonde hair was longer, his jawline fuller. His hand was warm as it cupped Tony's cheek. He heard Steve growl, saw him struggle against the spell, fighting to get up.
Xigbar danced away from Tony, disappearing for a moment before reappearing behind the trio.
“I've never seen someone so beautiful,” Steve replied, cupping his cheeks.
Before they fell again.
“Namine, perhaps you can ease his mind?”
“I do not need any more problems in my life,” said Tony, running his fingers through his hair, mussing it in the process.
“Oh fuck...”
He heard the ping of his phone.
And the realization hit Steve like a train, his eyes widening, even as Tony simply leaned back, the armor disappearing like it never existed, as he hit the magic barrier around the building, and the arc reactor turned dark.
~One sky...~
“Fuck,” said Iron Bull. “What the fuck is it?”
“No.”
“You saved us.”
“Gimme thirty,” slurred Tony.
“You said it wasn't much!” Tony yelled.
The problem with Kirkwall, as many people knew and didn't do a damn thing about it, was that it wasn't kind to Mages. And not just the whole 'we're going to throw you in the big Mage tower that you can't leave and watch you...all the time,  you damn freaks,' kinda way. No, it was more along the lines of 'in addition to the above, we're going to beat the shit out of you and treat you lower than mud, give you no say whatsoever, and if you talk out, we'll make you Tranquil.'
“She's not one to trifle with,” said Steve. “I'm glad she's on our side, or I'd fear for most of the troops.”
“The media's going crazy, camped outside the doors.”
“He's always admired you, Steve. For years. And if you start talking about how you two argue all the time, blah blah blah, that doesn't stop you two from being attracted to each other.”
Easily, like lifting a cup, Steve pulled him up as he leaned forward, devouring his mouth in a kiss, and Tony wrapped his legs around the muscled torso so that the Captain could undo his own pants. He thought he heard a cap pop open, but found himself distracted by the lovely neck he bit in retaliation for everything.
Steve cleared his throat. “I promise, on my mother's grave, that I mean you no harm, and only wish to talk.”
“Goodbye,” Tony said, opening his eyes, looking at him. It felt like a farewell of a soldier to a spouse...
“Hulk?” asked Leliana.
“What? You're Captain America. You can't be better.”
Each person remained silent.
The three gave small curtsies, followed with a chorus of, “A pleasure to meet you, sir.”
She needed to talk to him, to Tony. She had to tell them what was coming...
“Madame De Fer, if you must be formal, darling. Vivienne is quite enough.”
Steve found Tony looking out the window when he finally returned, looking once more like the Tony he once knew...human. He wore only  tight boxers, the same color as his skin in his other form.
One thing that Tony didn't miss about being a mage were the lovelies he attracted when he slept. One demon that latched onto him like a damned leech, always loved to torment him with his worst fears since childhood.
“Why do you want the pain?” asked Steve, gently taking Tony's arm when the man didn't move.
“What are we going to do about the press?” asked Pepper. “Do we tell them immediately, or leave it a secret as long as possible?”
Bemused, Rook continued, handing Steve a report. “Rumors are that the village may be used to smuggle red lyrium. In addition, numerous villagers are reported missing. We want to send you out to investigate, get any information you can find on red lyrium, and if possible, find the missing villagers.”
And something he had fallen for before, numerous times...
The Captain...was strange. An odd mix of innocence and the threat of violence hung about him. He didn't talk about his past often, simply because he didn't feel there was much about it until he joined the Templars.
Natasha, Steve, and Vision shared a look, then, without a word, they moved to the elevator as one.
Kou, on the other hand, had no trouble flying in front of the man's face, chattering at him. Tony had a feeling the man was receiving the lecture of a lifetime.
A girl, so young, stepped forward, a drawing pad in her hands, and she hunched over it, holding it tight, her blond hair pulled into a loose ponytail. Blue eyes looked at him, didn't waver, as she moved to stand beside him.
To everyone's surprise, Thor walked over, and took Tony's hand, waiting until the man opened his eyes. He squeezed, gently. “Be well, Shield Brother. No matter what, we are with you. And I shall kick Steven's ass if he hurts you.”
He hovered in the air, above the ruins of buildings that looked like they could touch the sky, people he knew lay on the ground, dead or dying.
Steve pulled him up to stand, lifting him easily as his legs continued to shake, and moved them both to the bed. A part of him couldn't help laugh, at the absurdity of all of this, about how they were indeed in bed together, but basically cuddling.
And then that led to a different problem, because really, why not add more trouble to the mix?
Tony shook his head, trying to clear his mind from his ideas for a moment. He'd get Harritt and Dagna to help out, or at least he hoped they'd help him.
'You choose the shield, but who do you protect?'
“And blow us all up,” said Hawkeye.
“Nobody's going to believe us,” said Tony, out of breath, his mana drained low from another healing spell.
“I...that's not...” Tony glared at Steve, who smiled back.
“Be nice, Chargers,” said the very large Quanari. “I'm The Iron Bull, and these are my Chargers. We heard what happened to you guys, and thought we'd say hello.”
“Trust me. I know.”
~~They try to pull me away~~
She followed him to the penthouse. Normally, the other Avengers avoided interrupting him, and gave him privacy.
“I can be both,” he said.
“Might as well crash the party. I mean, yeah, it's a bit...overwhelming, but we might also be dead soon.”
Steve chuckled, shaking his head. “There's rumors that Dorian's his lover.”
The creature gave a small smile.
He hesistated. Nice wasn't exactly the word he would use. Solas could be nice, but that power he had felt...
“It's already begun,” said Howard. “You can scream, cry, curse, it doesn't matter. Namine, you may begin.”
“Just a small cut. Let's get out of here.”
“The Avengers are his family, too,” Pepper said, smiling.
“Phoenix,” Tony said softly, feeling the flames of knowledge filling his mind.
“Yeah, it is,” said Tony. “Go on. Say it again, until you believe it.”
“I'd say sorry, boss, but I'm really not,” replied FRIDAY. The lights slowly turned on.
A young girl, red hair swaying as she ran. She stopped before them, her blue eyes widened as she noticed the weapons pointed at her, but she leaned down anyway, taking gasping breaths.
“Yes, like the Lyrium Ghost, I was the only success.”
“Magic, probably,” said Bucky. “Or we think it was, since they disappeared shortly after we got down to...to...you.”
“But you're leaving us,” said Xion.
Tony sat up abruptly, shaking as he forced his weakened body to move. “No! Absolutely not! You're staying here.”
The picture seemed innocent. Steve leaned close to whisper something to Tony, his hand on the lower back. Someone posted it, and the internet exploded. Nobody had confirmed their relationship yet.
“This is nice,” said Tony.
“Fucking spies,” mumbled Tony, fingers dancing along the keys. Warning lights were begin to appear on the screen, and soon he'd set off the alarms, he was sure.
They made sure that the girls were tucked into bed, Natasha curled up with them.
Tony loved her even more.
“It's  not like I'm going to kill myself...”
He did blink when Bucky punched Steve squarely in the arm, definitely not pulling the punch, if the stagger and wince were any indication.
The door to the Undercroft opened. Four people came in, but her eyes only focused on one.
“Are you part of the Organization, Axel?” asked Steve, his warm hand still on the nap of Tony's neck.
She nodded, and then touched her forehead. Tony rubbed the sunburst on his forehead, frowning, then sighed.
The treatments continue, and Steve might get a clue...
~~You can't quit until you try, You can't live until you die, You can't learn to tell the truth, until you learn to lie~~
“All is well, I take it?” she asked, focusing on Tony.
It was a list of disappointments, Tony realized. Just one after the other, never ending.
“Bucky is not my boyfriend,” said Steven, his eyes never wavering.
Yes, he'd have nightmares for a long time about this...
“You don't have to learn if you don't want to,” said Steve.
Once, Pepper tried to talk to them, to tell them that perhaps they could work things out in a different manner.
“Sold!”
“Me? What did I ever do to you? I was just a mage, a nobody, in Kirkwall. You made me think not all Templars were bad!”
And quietly, Kairi slipped in a bottle with a note, praying that nobody noticed, praying that it eventually got to its destination.
“So they got away,” mused Edax, sitting back in his chair.
“Dance with him,” said Pepper, softly, squeezing Tony's arm. Tony looked at her, then back. Steve didn't lower his hand. He could wait.
“I know you'll pester me or FRIDAY until you find out. Or just run a scan. It's white gold for the base, rose gold for the Celtic knots, and blue diamonds in between the knots. ”
He swirled the bourbon in his glass, watching the liquid form a small whirlpool.
“I'm sorry,” he whispered, holding on just as tight. “I'm sorry, and you're right.”
Between both Pepper and Rhodey, because he couldn't choose between the pair, Tony walked down the aisle, his eyes focused. He wore a cream colored suit with long coattails, his shirt and shoes a dark burgundy.
In the center of the room sat three broken pillars. With unsteady feet, he approached, and his eyes widened.
Steve turned, the feeling of Tony muted here, but he still felt it, and pointed. Quietly, they moved.
“No...”
“I don't have time for this bullshit,” he mumbled, overriding the system again. “You fucking work for me, asshole.”
Sam stood there, armor on.
They all laughed as Sam cursed, throwing the controller, as Bucky beat him in Mario Kart.
“Will you tell me about what's happened? I've obviously heard some of it, clouded by the lack of emotions and all, but I'd like to know more.”
“Keep moving,” Natasha replied.
“No, you're not,” said Steve. “We're all going to the futon room, and we're cuddling.”
“I feel...something,” said Wanda. “But it is strange...unlike anything I've ever felt.”
“Fury? Your name is really Fury?” asked Tony. The man in question merely raised an eyebrow.
And he fell. In this world, darkness reigned, except for a small, bright patch of strained glass, like the shape of his arc reactor.
Silence greeted those words. Tony continued to stare at the summoning crystal, only half paying attention to the spells like he did most things, and still processing the information.
“We know it's magic,” said Wanda.
“I didn't say it had to be physical and obvious.”
First came his parents. His mother, distant in a way, and his father...
“We've heard about some of the runes you've made,” said Rook, not looking at his chest.  “You are also an offensive mage.”
The others gave their names, and they were all smiling. His heart beat a little faster, his stomach twisting.
This time, they didn't stop to talk, but ran forward, Kairi leading them.
Taking more things from Kingdom Hearts, changing many things from Kingdom Hearts.... I do love twisting things. And making stuff up. And did I mention the twisting?
“To start to let go.”
“I heard parts of your rather...unfortunate conversation,” said Vivienne, sitting down as graceful as a cat.
“Is trying to access Kingdom Hearts. Not only can they get their hearts back, but unlimited access to the worlds...?”
When they entered the room, Steve moved to the window, pulling the curtains closed.
“You are untrained, and newly awakened, therefore you have not learned any spells.” Ramuh held up what seemed to be a crystal, almost clear, except for what appeared to be lightening striking inside of it. “This is a summoning crystal. Each true esper can give this crystal, to summon us in a time of need, for just a moment, to strike your foes. In this is the knowledge of certain spells that I can teach, some more difficult than others. When you, or your teammates, carries this, you will be able to slowly learn the spells.”
Tony took the mug of coffee Bucky handed him, waving off Thor's apology. “I probably would have slept the day away anyway...”
Tony closed his eyes, shaking his head. Nothing of this made sense to him. This whirlwind of a reunion, the team (former, his mind said) in the room, the feeling of his two best friends squeezing his hands numb...
Ramuh sat across from him. “We have lived here for a long time. Magic is not unheard of on different worlds, and sometimes it is everywhere, and sometimes, it is hidden.”
Until a giant monster fell from the ceiling and killed him.
“It's a talent. Now, what was it I felt before? I'm guessing that's why you wanted to talk.”
"Was it supposed to do that?" Dagna finally managed to ask. "That was amazing! The force of the runes, the lift, the..."
“That is not the point,” Tony said, face heating up.
“We must not underestimate them.”
Steve fumbled the egg in his hand, thought he would break it, and surprisingly did not. He glared at Bucky, his cheeks warming.
Steve didn't realize that the scream that cut through the air came from him, that instead of attacking their enemy, he raced to the side of the building, watching as Tony fell.
Tony raised an eyebrow.
Carefully, they devised a plan. The idea was to give just enough information to appease the media, make it look like the Avengers were not keeping secrets, and keep the espers a secret.
“Or maybe I'm the darkness to your light?”
~~By becoming this all I want to do
“I should have told you earlier,” said Steve, softly. “Maybe we could have stopped all this mess if we...if I had told you earlier.”
He took two steps before he found himself against the wall. This time, he moaned, and he felt the shiver coarse through Steve's body.
“This...whatever's coming, Steve, it's not going to care that they're young. I'm not saying we send them out in the thick of battle right this second, and throw them in the middle of shit. I'm saying they have to be trained because when those things come back, we won't be able to train them properly then. They aren't going to wait until they're older.”
A Fade Walker! Tony had heard about them, but had never met one. He knew that he was safe, because his spirits were not defending him from this person, but Compassion still stood close.
“Xigbar, and you're extremely funny, Mr. Stark. Shame that I do have the upper hand...get it? Upper?”
“Any idea where we are?” asked Steve.
“Anthony!” boomed the spirit. “It is good to see you again!”
Tony hated magic with a passion. Some would say it had to do with the fact he couldn't analyze it or take it apart, like many things in life, and it became harder to counteract.
Ade laughed as his body disappeared like ash in the wind.
His hand clasped the Wayfinder.
Steve needed help. He drummed his fingers onto the table for a minute, staring at the picture. With a sigh, he picked up the phone.
Steve glanced at Bucky, who blankly looked back at him.
Steve remained quiet, moving his hand to run his fingers through Tony's hair. It felt like he could see inside him, see all the darkness...
He glared at her. “Did you know about this idea?”
“The sender claims to have known you both in Kirkwall. An Obadiah Stane.”
The other person, hammering away at a knife, merely grunted in what could have been a greeting. Natasha immediately liked him.
“You came,” she said. “I knew you would.”
“Leaked? You told me the drive was destroyed.”
For what seemed like hours, they fought, Tony cursing every moment that he wore a lighter suit instead of one of his heavier ones. No one could have predicted they would be separated, though Tony should have guessed things would go to hell in a hand basket. It almost always did, one way or the other.
“Well, well, Captain. I didn't know you wanted me in your bed so badly.”
She riffled through his things, throwing him a t-shirt and yoga pants, the loose kind that clung to his ankles instead of the skintight ones. After his meltdown with the Avengers reunion with her, he didn't feel uncomfortable in his various states of undress anymore.
“Which direction do we go, Captain?” said Bucky, his rifle pointed down, ready to shoot at a moment's notice.
He closed his eyes, for just a moment. He could still feel the shield, but when he opened his eyes again, darkness surrounded him.
Tony tilted his head to the side. “You realize you are a very lovely man, right?”
“The....you know, just once, I'd really just like to understand one conversation fully,” moaned Tony.
He woke as Ironman, then.
“You can't please everyone,” said Steve, when Tony opened his mouth. “But you're doing the best you can, and I can't do anything for you, and I feel so helpless...”
Steve tracked him down again in the alleyways, and nearly managed this time to grab him before a few arrows zoomed in-between them.
More of a continuation of last chapter, the Avengers continue to talk to Aqua, and Steve makes embarrassing declarations that Tony doesn't understand (he'll get there, though)
~~An unforgivable tragedy...~~
“You,” said Tony, glaring at Clint, “Are a bastard.”
“Thank you,” he said. “FRIDAY can lead you to the gym. That'll be the best place, for now. We'll figure something else out later.”
“What?” he asked, glancing around the room. Wanda, Clint, Sam, Steve, even what's her name, Sharon or something...all of them were here? Why were they here?
They were both surprised to meet Steve, apparently walking to the War Room as well.
“Enough,” and this time the voice was harsh, the burst of a dam breaking. “My land, my orders. They have not harmed us, and we will not harm them.”
What they didn't expect was to find no village whatsoever, but a completely blackened area, pieces of burnt wood the only indication something may have once stood there, red lyrium veins littering the area. But worse...
Stephen Strange ran towards him.
“Forgive me for interrupting your rest,” said Thor, when they entered. The rest of the team sat in various states of wakefulness. “I told Lady FRIDAY it was not urgent.”
They rose together and began to run, dancing apart to attack the hoard, then moving back together, always forward.
“I'm sorry,” she whispered.
“I'm here,” he replied, gently, picking up the shaking man.
Though he ate the pancakes, with a few nudges...
Oh, his father. Brilliant, yes. Did many good things in life, yes. But show his son some affection...
Wanda gaped at him, clearly surprised that he actually said something. He wanted them to get along. He loved his team. He had missed being all together, and now that they had this chance...
“I want to announce to everyone our engagement, and fight with the stupid people who object, and celebrate with the family. I want to do all the planning and arguing over colors and flowers, and I want to watch you walk down the aisle, looking beautiful. I want to wake up next to you every day...”
The woman's smile grew larger, and she nodded. “Yes. My name's Aqua. Thank you for seeing me. If you trust me, I brought breakfast. I saw what happened yesterday...I'm sorry.”
Some of his happiest memories were of the Avengers and Steve, his small family. Alone, he talked of them freely.
And then they fell into darkness...
The room stilled. He figured a few people, probably Pepper and Rhodey, glared at Steve, but Tony didn't look to check, only opening his eyes to stare.
“Who's being rude now?” drawled Tony, which earned him a stomp on his foot. Natasha, red in face, apologized.
Then he frowned. Something was changing...
“I'll be there,” said Rhodey.
“You're seriously not proposing to me, are you?” Tony yelled, tugging at his arm, knowing it was completely ineffective.
“Assholes,” mumbled Tony, eyeballing the donuts. “I need to work on a new suit anyway, now that I've got this thing going.”
They eased Tony into the water...
He grasped the hand, and Steve's other hand rose, gently cradling Tony's hand in his warmth.
And yet...
~~There's nothing like a funeral to make you feel alive~~
“Bruce is in the kitchen, cooking up a storm,” said Pepper, pulling a chair up close so that she could take Tony's hand. The girls sat beside them on the couch, Xion nearly on top, the other two girls at his side. Namine held onto Tony's ankle.
Natasha returned with the kit, and sat down in front of Tony, moving the shard away.
“Down, sir.”
~~Don't let hope become a memory...~~
More creatures ran towards them, some now bigger than others, some wielding what Strange and Wanda said was magic.
They both stopped for a moment, just to try and understand what monstrosity lay before them. It looked, almost, like their home, the Avengers tower, but wrapped around and inside, lay monsters, part of the building, some grotesque, some beautiful, like angels. At the very top, wrapped in darkness...
This was surprisingly more painful to me to write than I expected. Snippets of what was said to Tony during his torture is triggered in this section. Please be careful if emotions, such as insecurity and who knows what else, triggers you. Emotional abuse warnings
“Weird,” said Hawkeye, grinning.
“You two crack me up,” he said.
“Be careful, Avengers. This may be more dangerous than we expected.”
“I'm fine, Tony. You know I heal fast.”
“Seems like it,” replied Steve, still holding his shield, but keeping it low.
“Tony....Tony breath. You're shaking, and you're white as a ghost. Are you crying?”
“I care for you!” yelled Steve, and they all winced.
'Would you defend, become their shield?'
“Ruthless,” added Sam.
~~Just like animals~~
“I'm not a good person,” whispered Tony, his lips moving against Steve's own.
“Are you sure that's a good idea? I mean, I don't have horrendous taste. I'm sure I could help...”
Again, stunned silence filled the room.
“You realize he'll fight you,” Pepper said, after a decent pause to cause him to squirm.
“Oh dear. Whatever am I going to do?”
Steve took a breath, and jumped...
“Maybe they made a mistake?”
“You mean, the rest of us can learn this, too?” asked Wanda.
“Now, you need a name,” said Fury, giving Tony a blank look. “We can't just call you 'The Inquisition's special squad.'”
He threw the shield, no longer scratched, and now entirely white, except a design that looked suspiciously like his current arc reactor. There was little time to study it, however, because Steve threw it at the looming darkness.
They looked at each other, dark brown meeting sky blue, and Tony's fingers gently made a path from Steve's wrist, up his arm. He felt the smallest of shivers move through the Captain as his hand moved behind his neck. He could feel the thrum of lyrium there, as well.
“Oh! Visitors!” said the dwarf, clapping her hands together. “Hi!”
Natasha finally let go of his arm, and wandered to the restroom. He knew that she probably went hunting for the first aide kit. Vision stayed near the door.
“A lot of things are,” said Steve. “Still, if...” His words were cut off with the slap of Tony's hand on his knee.
“Most keybladers learn some rudimentary magic, really,” said Aqua.
Natasha and Tony go to the Herald's Rest, and are confronted by the Iron Bull, where some of their story is brought to light.
Natasha gave him a look that clearly stated, “Don't get into trouble,” before making her way to meet someone named Leliana.
“Ask auntie Aqua,” said Tony. “Can she have a keyblade? What's a keyblade anyway, other than something used to seal the doors to the worlds and such.”
“Word of your runes has spread,” Natasha said. She watched carefully as Tony forced his body to relax.  “Someone came by earlier, wanting to talk to you. Her name's Dagna. I think she's like you.”
Steve didn't let go of the trinket, keeping it in his hand as the whole team searched the workshop. Clint returned from the training yard where the two had fought earlier, saying nothing had been found. Video showed Tony laying down for several moments, and the next, gone.
Pepper, her eyes watering, held out an item, and without a thought, Steve held out his hand.
“You don't look like siblings,” said Hawkeye.
“Of course, darling,” she replied, but not unkindly. “Ideas need to start in such small ways before they are ironed out, and even then problems arise. However, I agree with your idea. Mages need a school, not a prison.”
Yeah, I've slacked on this since starting Hikari, but not forgotten!
Imagine eating a whole cake by yourself...
Eventually, Steve pulled Tony against him, his fingers carding through his hair, so that they could finally sleep, despite protests.
Leliana paused, looking at them.
“Get the data,” said Axel. “Make your way back to the portal home, and don't worry about us. We've got it covered.”
Put under the pressure of walking in your shoes
Tony moved his hand, placing it near Steve's shoulder, ready with some witty retort that quickly fled his mind as he felt as if a surge of energy rushed through him. He startled, moving his hand as if stung. Steve's eyes were wide, staring at Tony.
“I agree with her,” said Steve.
“I apologize,” Natasha said, when she finally pulled her eyes away from the hand. She was usually far better at her scrutiny, and here she was, studying him like some sort of puzzle to solve. Hadn't she already heard of the Herald and his ability to close rifts? But still...
“You...you have to bring it back to me...promise?” said Kairi.
That he loved them.
“It's all right,” said the man, cupping his cheek, long, white hair falling around his shoulders, and pity in his eyes. “I'm here now...”
“You can't use that word until you're at least fifty, Xion,” scolded Tony.
“Steve, that's not the point...”
With a sigh, Steve said, “Maybe not entirely, but certainly parts of it. We have no right to judge what anyone else went through, and in this place where everyone's trying so hard to get along, Templars and Mages, humans, elves, Qunari, dwarf....to push each other away would just take us one step closer to more fighting we don't need.”
Natasha snorted, eyes constantly scanning the area.
Sometimes, it made him cry, and Namine would cry, too. They had to make it convincing, to make everyone think that she broke the chain of memories, and remade them.
She rolled her eyes as she helped him to stand. “Are you going to be okay with...all the stuff?”
He cleared his throat, and to try to lighten the mood, he said, “You know, Steve, I expected you to be all traditional when you ask me to marry you, you know. On your knee, ring, all that, not with a fruit.” He gave a little laugh.
“Now I give you a very simple deal,” said the man, with a yawn. “We all know what type of man you are, Anthony Stark.”
The Inquisition forms a new group
"Welcome to the war"
“Okay, I'm sorry. I was really scared. I shouldn't have snapped at you.”
The fact that Tony wouldn't tell him the song he was walking down the aisle to only made Steve a little bit nervous, even if Tony joked about it. Surely he wouldn't pick something raunchy...right?
“In more ways then one,” he mumbled.
A hand, not quite slamming, but definitely a bit forceful, placed near his workstation nearly made him drop the heavy boots in his hands. He looked up into the smiling face of Natasha.
“Doesn't matter if your mana pool is low, Steve. You're still a super soldier.” Tony grinned as he managed to break into the system. He knew that they only had a short amount of time before the Nobodies approached.
Steve sighed. Natasha put a hand on his knee and squeezed hard. It was her sign to make him stop talking. At least Rook looked amused.
For several seconds, they all just stared at each other, sitting in Tony's workshop. Not even FRIDAY spoke.
Of course they were. A reawakened mage having a nightmare could reign havoc without awareness. With a sigh, he pushed himself up.
“You're a mage?” asked Natasha, eyes now wide.
“So I can start throwing magic around?” asked Tony.
But what could they do in a world that hated and feared mages other than fight as hard as they could?
“Can you stop saying stupid shit?” Natasha asked.
Whatever the reason, and Kairi knew it wasn't anything good, they managed to convince Howard to let them go with them...
“Those things you fought beforehand? Also, that crazy from yesterday. When a Heartless takes a heart, it separates to two creatures, the mindless Heartless, and the Nobody. If it's extremely strong, the Nobody is sentient.”
“It's Bruce,” said Bruce, Natasha, and Tony together. The three shared a smile.
“He curses like a sailor,” came a voice from the vents. Giggles followed that statement.
Tony raised an eyebrow. “Like me? Like she has runes etched on her?”
“Not the first time we've been on a time limit,” replied Natasha.
Pepper sat behind her desk, her fingers steepled together, staring at him. Rhodey sat beside him.
~Thinking of you, where ever you are...~
“First, let's get some showers, if you're awake enough, then I'll join you.”
“Tony, do you think you could focus a little?” asked Natasha.
“Idiot,” said Natasha fondly.
Tony snickered. “No, Steve. But you're still not going to see the getup.”
“Tell us about this Organization,” said Natasha.
And the end of this part
“And, of course, the Black Widow. Leliana, our spy master, already wishes you to be part of our ranks. It would be an honor if you two would work with us.”
Tony carefully drew on his magic, heard Compassion agree with Harritt, and ignored them both.
Fruit, shaped like a star...Kairi had told him that story...
“Passage of darkness between worlds, filled with all sorts of shit. If you don't know how to get between the worlds, it can get rather nasty, and it's easy to get lost in. Basically, if you don't have a map, you're basically screwed. You know that place you were being held beforehand, Tony? Castle Oblivion is in the Rift.”
“Come along,” said Leviathan, snickering at the pair just a little. “I'll take you to a guest room, and later, I'm sure you'll want to see Lady Asura. But let's get you patched up and rested.”
The pressure Natasha put on his arm actually made him wince.
“He's missing,” said Clint, not actually saying the 'again,' but definitely thinking it, as they all were. The ice that remained between them after the War had melted, still leaving a frost. But they were all trying, at different degrees.
“Lord Ramuh is a good friend,” said Thor.
“One of Cullen's men,” said Bull, who Tony now realized had been watching him, too.
“If I could choose, I would have walked away...”
Kairi shook her head. “I don't know who they are. They...they made Uncle Howard do this...they...”
“Join the conversation,” said Bruce, softly.
Natasha and Tony looked at each other.
“Well, not that I would mind from someone as handsome as you...”
Tony ran his hand down the deep scratch in the shield.
“Avengers: Death by Bear would be a horrible book title,” Clint said.
“Find them, Xigbar. Watch them. Now go.”
“They'll find us. No matter where we go,” said Namine quietly, looking at the ground.
“This is worrisome,” said Thor, at the end of the story. “It makes me wonder how it is so easy for them to travel between worlds.”
Then, they moved to dancing. Not the most popular one, but somewhere in-between.
Ignoring the rising flush to his cheeks, Tony handed out the gifts that he had worked on for his team. New knives for Natasha, bitterly cold, different arrows for Clint, both freezing and exploding, a new staff for Bruce that could channel different elements, and gauntlets for Steve protection.
“Well, at least we'll have light,” mumbled Steve.
Tony looked at his engagement ring for the first time.
“What?” he asked. That seemed to be his favorite thing to say at the moment...
“Not everyone agrees with that,” replied Tony, thinking of the looks he received earlier.
With a smack to the back of the head, Natasha yanked him away. Tony thought, for just a moment, he saw Steve, before being pulled into a department store. He almost resented the manhandling, except he liked this thrill, the idea of Steve hunting him.
For several seconds, no body spoke, and then, quietly, hesitantly, Kairi began the story, of how Howard took them in, how he changed after their Tony died, how Vexen and others tainted his mind...
So he was a bit surprised when he was practically attacked by two redheads, one glaring at him, the other practically in tears.
Tony screamed, not because of the pain, but because he had only felt so helpless once before...
Tony felt as if someone squeezed his insides, and realized that anxiety was rushing back and forth between the link. Yet what boiled over in seconds was warmth, a bubbling joy that he felt when flying, when truly happy...
“You're an esper,” whispered Tony, eyes wide.
“I didn't think anything would sway you, Captain. But I would like to keep informed of matters. If things get out of hand...”
Steve and Tony took that as a challenge. Now their goal: to beat the game.
“Hawkeye,” warned Steve, glancing at the girl.
He nearly lashed out.
This was definitely the right address, at least. No doubt about that.
Tony and the girls groaned. Steve and Natasha shared a grin.
“Horror's not my first choice,” mused Steve.
Steve sighed, watching the water go by.
Natasha sighed. “Oh Tony...”
“Yes. Each of you has a well inside, some greater than others. Some spells will feel more natural, come quicker. For Tony, these powers will come faster than most, and some may be learned over time.”
“You're espers, too?” asked Tony, though he could sense the magic flowing through them.
“I will have it, even if I have to kill you, Anthony Edward Stark.”
Steve stepped closer, and Tony breathed in. They looked at each other for just a moment, before Steve gave him just the brush of a kiss.
Clint just laughed, tears forming in his eyes.
“It was going to come up sooner rather than later,” replied Tony. “And it's not like a wanted this, Fury. I was kidnapped.”
Tony has a nightmare, is helped by his good friends Justice and Compassion, and meets Solas
“It's an option,” said Steve. “I think we should all take some time to think it over.”
“Only those who can wield a keyblade can hold them for long,” said Aqua. Tony groaned.
“We could use a slave crown, like we did with Howard.”
No star...
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dance with me,” Steve said to Tony.
Steve and Tony shared a look, confusion flowing freely between their bond.
“What the hell's gotten into him?” asked Tony, going over to stand near the coffee machine.
“Tony!”
He figured he should stop. He was fairly sure he heard someone retch. Natasha took his hand and squeezed.
They contacted anyone they thought could help, including, to Tony's annoyance, Fury. If anyone thought Fury cursed beforehand, they were quite surprised how fluent he could be after that conversation.
“It's part of my charm, darling,” said Axel, with a wink. A keyblade appeared in his hand, red, like fire, pointed at the very end, like flames, and circling around the guard.
Namine smiled, squeezing his hand. They talked a lot, over what had and could have been.
“Please do close your mouth before a fly decides to find a new home. I promise that I don't bite innocent young boys such as yourself.”
After talking for a while about emotions lost to years of Tranquility, they sat in silence, still hugging each other as they did in the streets of Kirkwall, huddled for warmth.
“Did Cullen...was he...did he make you do this?”
Tony expected someone to comment on this, not Dalish leaning forward and saying, “What's on your chest?”
And in just one moment, whoever or whatever had planned the attacks, gave just a little push. Tony's eyes widened as he stumbled, hands reaching to call his armor, and then he fell into what seemed to be water.
“Kain,” said Seraph, with a glare.
“Is none of your damn business,” said Tony, glaring at him. Little bolts of lightening ran across his hands. “This is not your magic, it is not your place to judge, and you bloody well will not learn it while you have your own damn magic.”
“I'm an orphan, Stane. You knew that.”
Steve tried to stop the pained sound that came from his throat when he finally saw that yes, there were cuts on Tony's upper arm, and a glass shard at his feet. The sound made Tony raise his head, eyes wide.
Tony screamed every curse word he knew as Sam flew him across from the towers to a different set of roofs.
“Maker, no. You should have heard the words coming out of his mouth when he found out. He was furious that I put my life on the line like that, said I should have sought a regular mage's help.”
“You'll be all right, sir,” said Compassion. Always proper, like a butler in a large mansion, or a kind man who gave little street urchins, him and 'Tasha, sweets, before he disapppered forever. “Just take a few deep breaths.”
“Peace, Natasha,” said Cullen, raising his hands, palms forward.
“I'm not sure that's a good idea, Tony.”
He didn't pause, starting a brutal pace that caused Tony to shout on each thrust in, moaning with each slide out. Steve grunted with each push of his hips, nipping at his neck.
“I try.”
“Tony,” began Steve.
“We were debating Mages and Circles,” said Sharon.
“Not a hotdog?”
“You want our blessing, Captain?” asked Pepper, she sat back, one eyebrow raised.
Tony turned, brushing his longer hair out of his face. “In one world, you died. In another, I died. Sometimes we came back, sometimes, we didn't. I don't know if what she gave me was a gift, or a curse. I do know I love you.”
“Was a Nobody. Larxene's her name.”
“So the door.”
“So now that we are all present, we may begin,” said Rook, smiling. “I believe most of you know each other.”
“Bond? What bond?” asked Pepper.
Steve raced over, watching as Tony stumbled as he got up.
“The point,” said Aqua, “Is that we need to find the keyhole to this world and seal it, so Heartless cannot flood this world.”
“But would the reward be as sweet?”
Just the corners of her mouths turned up. “Darling, I assure you that you are still very much a child. Now, would you be so kind as to walk with me? I wish to discuss some things with you.”
“Maybe I want to be caught?” Tony heard a few groans around the table, but to be fair, this conversation threw him off.
“What?” asked Tony.
Steve ran. He ran as fast as he could the minute the news began, and though he hesitated only a little, the girls came with them.
“Let me see the arm, Tony.”
“A place to grow,” he said softly. “A place to love.”
If they managed to survive, if they managed to one day put their differences aside, they really needed to work on fighting against magic users.
“You did this,” whispered the dark-haired demon. “You destroyed them, killed them. Selfish human...”
Tony shuddered. “Oh, and what do you want?”
“What the fuck, Steve?” Tony jumped out of the chair, but, as usual, Steve moved faster, grabbing him before he could run.
“Dance with me,” he repeated.
“I'm sorry,” whispered Kairi.
“We could just wait.”
Steve drummed his hand on the table for  a minute, before nodding, once. “All right. I'll do it.”
~~Sometimes Darkness...~~
Ade, they discovered, was fast and strong, just like Steve, and unfortunately, also wielded magic. It took moments. He easily kicked Steve aside, and sent Tony to the ground. His foot crushed Tony's hand, causing the genius to cry out. Steve struggled to get up.
Tony knew for a fact that in normal circumstances, he wouldn't have budged the man.
“Can I have a donut?” whispered Xion, climbing onto Tony's lap, and reaching for the pastry. The other two sat near Steve and Natasha.
Softly, Steve said, “I told you before I've never seen someone so beautiful.”
“Welcome to Dark Souls?” said Clint, snickering.
Axel groaned. “Man, talk about opening a can of a shitstorm. Ugh, where to even start?” Axel tapped his fingers on the table. “Okay, so there's a rumor. You know how all worlds have a keyhole, and you open it, and the Heartless and Nobodies all come rolling in? Well, it gets more complicated.”
So he stood in his dark blue suit, and worried just a little bit. They both decided not to go traditional black and white, for numerous reasons. Though Tony refused to let him see the outfit, he promised it wouldn't cause scandal.
“But if you were a part of the Organization, but you aren't a Nobody...?” prompted Sam.
“Stark...” The warning made Steve stand up straight, eyes focusing on the man.
Axel tells the team about the Organization, and his plan.
"On the count of three..."
He took a step back, and yes, those were eyes, staring down at him, and raised it's arms....
“Through sickness and health,” mumbled Bruce, earning a few snickers from around the table. Tony glared at him.
Natasha raised an eyebrow, as Bucky said, “Trust me. She was pointing at you.”
What exactly had they gotten themselves into?
“Did I hear my name?” asked Bruce, walking in, carrying a large pot. He took a few deep breaths as he looked at the girls and Tony, but remained calm. Clint and Natasha rose as one, going to the kitchen as well, and swiftly bringing bowls and spoons for everyone.
“Thanks, Barnes!”
Kairi held out one of the trinkets, and Tony took it.
“I don't think we have much time left,” said Steve, even as they heard the explosion from somewhere down the building.
~Our hearts will blend...~
“People aren’t' meant to fly,” Harritt said.
“You've got to be kidding me?” Tony asked, even as he took Clint's hand and was pulled up into the vents.
“So, when are you gonna tell him?” asked Bucky, drinking orange juice out of the bottle. Steve put a glass in front of his best friend.
“You don't announce some fucking bullshit that you're leaving the Avengers, however,” he warned. “It's a mission, even if you're gone for fucking years, understand?”
“Sam down,” came the text.
“So how many bosses does that make?” Tony asked.
“Yes, sir, of course.”
Snuggles, giggles, and espers
At least Tony got to see Bruce turn bright red at that.
It felt like falling, and yet somehow controlled, like someone pulling him down in water. He landed on his feet in complete darkness.
Tony shivered.
“So there are others here?” asked Steve.
“Give me the game.”
Axel raised his hands in front of him, but still grinned. “C'mon, Aqua. It's what I've always done, sneaking around. Anyway, give them a break, yeah? Didn't they just get engaged, or something?”
Vivienne stood. “I shall send you a few samples, but it seems you have a visitor.”
~~Baby, I'm preying on you tonight~~
“I didn't cheat,” said Bucky, grinning.
“I'll be right back,” said Hawkeye. “I need to go talk to my other boss, not to be confused with my other other boss.”
“They are going to seek your companions,” explained Leviathan. “They will bring them here, so you may be reunited. Then, we will discuss a course of action.”
“I know that, and that's not the point...”
His eyes widened and he sputtered. “Innocent?! Me?”
Solas nodded. “I was one of the first to find the Inquisitor, and have helped him since the beginning of this war.”
“Stupid dumbasses,” said Bucky, dragging a few people out of the room. The others filtered out, glancing between the pair. Pepper left last, glaring at Steve as she stalked out.
And he never thought he would marry, not after Peggy, the war, the lost years....
“Can you trace it with your own powers?” asked Vision.
“But only with risks, will change come.”
Steve dropped the water bottle the minute he saw about the explosion at Stark Industries. He didn't even need to call for the other Avengers.
“Stuff?” he asked, touching his chest.
“It's cute,” said Bucky, stealing some of Clint's popcorn.
He woke up, the burning still present, and a different girl with red hair wiping the sweat from his forehead.
~~My heart's a battleground~~
Tony glanced at Natasha, who shook her head. She didn't know what this man talked about either. True, at the very beginning, they both wanted to know where they came from, but as they grew older, understood that they were unwanted, the desire drained away. If they had family, and they didn't care to find them, what did it matter to look? They had each other...
Steve remedied the issue, pulling Tony onto his lap, wrapping his arms around him. In a minute, he would help his genius up, to go get showered and changed, then go join the others. Tomorrow, they would come up with a plan, start training more. They all thought that maybe these people would have to scramble to regroup. They were wrong.
Edax watched the other Nobody carefully. They had no hearts, and yet, like some of the other Nobodies, Xigbar displayed a wide range of expressions. For example, now, Xigbar's brows furrowed.
The archer continued to snicker, mirthful tears in his eyes, even as Tony scrambled up.
“But you're not denying the love part?”
“This was a child,” Clint said softly, studying the burnt remains, his bow in hand.
Tony waited a moment to see if Steve would continue, but when he didn't, gave a small smile instead. "Okay. I want that, too." The yawn that followed caught him by surprise
“You are such a fucking cheater!”
“You can't be serious, Steve. I...I'm a mess. A self centered, playboy, stubborn, old, just to name a few...”
He knew that Tony was having a panic attack, because FRIDAY told him. She also told him that currently, she had it under control, and would immediately contact him if needed.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Nooooo. Really?” Clint replied.
“Call for a runner, and they'll show you where our quarters in the main hall will be. Pick whichever rooms you wish around mine,” said Steve. “Follow me, Anthony.”
~~When you walk away~~
“Captain America,” said Tony, with finality. The others repeated it, then nodded their approval.
“Oh fuck no. You have got to be kidding me...”
“I remember you,” said Kairi, holding Tony's hand. “You visited us, once.”
“Mo...mom?” he rasped. It couldn't be her. She died at the hands of the Winter Soldier, a secret that Steve had kept from him, and led to one of their worst fights. The two avoided each other for weeks after that revelation.
"Ow," Tony managed.
She had the same eyes, Steve realized, as the blonde girl stood, shaking, at the door.
Giggles broke the silence, and the three girls ran in, only to stop, wide eyed, at the sight of Ramuh.
The world seemed to tilt, and they both fell...
“Are you sure you just want to talk to me? Not to molest me?”
“Good luck,” mumbled Harritt. Bruce politely tried to hide his snicker. Natasha did not.
The girls are going to grow up to be like Natasha... the world should beware.
“Yes, and he needs his family there.”
“So our Tony has the ability to shoot magic around,” began Clint, “and now can seal up these doors and shit? It's your lucky day, Stark!”
Instead, with a click, the edges of the door illuminated, then quietly opened.
“You're...kinda weird,” Tony said, tilting his head to the side.
“Don't fall into temptation, man,” said Sam. “It's a trap.”
“Don't be silly, darling. Pepper and Natasha have seen it.”
“Please don't tell me you're another emotionally stunted moron,” sighed Natasha. “We have too many of those in the team.”
Natasha rolled her eyes.
“To make you better,” he said. He had a family in this world, and even there, Howard somehow managed to screw things up....
The feeling as if gravity suddenly smashed upon them brought them both to their knees. Tony would have cried out as a hand carefully took his flash drive and destroyed it.
“No.”
Natasha, who thought him a sociopath...
“The point is,” continued Axel with an eye roll, “is that if a person could access Kingdom Hearts, not only would they have access to all those hearts, they could travel from world to world with no issues. No wandering the Rift to travel between worlds...”
The older esper smiled. “I will watch over your family. I promise.”
Steve's eyes widened, and he took a step forward, his throat feeling dry and tight. “Please...”
With Thor sat an older man, perhaps in his eighties, almost appearing thin and frail, and a bushy beard. His eyes seemed almost white with just the barest touch of blue mixed in. He smiled.
“Stay with me?” Tony asked softly.
“When did I get yoga pants?” he asked, tugging them on.
The question threw them off, and all eyes turned to Tony.
Laughter was the only response.
“I do not believe I need to warn you that magic can hurt not only those you fight, but your allies,” said Ramuh. “Be careful how you throw magic around. Now, perhaps I will begin by training the young ones. I believe they have some rudimentary knowledge already, and that will give your team time to talk, Tony.”
“Fuck you, Edax!” Tony screamed. Phoenix fluttered above them, her tail giving them a bit more light.
It wasn't Edax. It must mean this was the Heartless...
“We better get out of here,” said Axel, helping Steve to his feet.
“Yeah, but there's a door...”
“You're awfully understanding for a Templar. It's....nice.”
It began as a night for the Avengers, plus Rhodey and Pepper. Steve made sure to wear a nice tux in dark gray, a blue shirt underneath, and no tie. They began with a nice Italian dinner with lots of food, and a lot of wine.
“I stopped counting.”
The Heartless uncrossed his arm, the hint of a smirk on his face. “All Nobodies pick names with an x,” came the reply, a deeper bass unlike Steve. “Usually they become creative, altering their own names. Edax didn't want to be that obvious, didn't want any association with your good Captain.”
Also, Phoenix. Do not get me started on Marvel Phoenix. There is none of that in this. Think of her as more a Pokémon... but an esper.
“One donut, kiddo. I don't need you jumping off the walls.”
“Tony,” began Natasha.
“For making you feel threatened. I don't understand your stance on the matter, but it wasn't right for us to lash out, either.”
Near the door stood a large Qunari, not quite as tall as the Iron Bull, but certainly as muscular as him. Green tattoos covered his arms, though what they meant, Natasha didn't know. His face was marked with vitaar, also mostly green with some white.
“Edax? Yeah, he's the leader of the Organization.”
Captain America was not the epitome of purity...
“Fuck you, Barnes!” replied Tony, rubbing his ass.
The pain never left him, even in this vision or dream. It surged through him, so each touch, each move, felt like tiny pinpricks.
“Excellent! Then let me introduce my agents,” said Leliana. “Nicholas Fury and Phillip Coulson. All reports will go to Fury who will redirect it to me. Coulson will keep an eye on your team, aide in any way possible, and provide any training necessary.”
“I'm cold, and you know that I sometimes get distracted. Hi, Solas!”
Natasha carefully took Tony's arm and began to clean up instead.
“That's my cue to leave,” said Xigbar, even as Tony leapt towards him again.
“Don't be silly. I don't have a ring. But we are staying together.”
“You need something loose,” said Natasha.
Several deaths later, Tony and Steve switching off, they discovered the door behind said enemy... the one that said, "You tried to kill that thing? Suckers!"
(See the end of the chapter for
Natasha grabbed Kairi's hand, while Hawkeye picked up Namine. Xion just raced through the portal, not even bothering to stop, and they followed.
They told her to erase his memories. She knew she could, but didn't, instead giving him a vision of different worlds, of what could have been, and sometimes, just reminding him of something he forgot. It was their secret.
“It was. But the systems say that another breach and download occurred.”
Tony watched the video quietly, Bucky sitting on one side of him, Steve on the other, the rest of the team present, but almost like a shadow compared to the presence of the two super soldiers sitting beside him. He took a breath, the pressure in his chest moving upwards, filling his eyes with tears again, and he fought them.
“Cullen,” Natasha spat out.
“He left everything,” whispered Pepper, “His armor, his phone, his wallet...Steve....FRIDAY can't contact him. Nobody can...”
And of course, as careless as always, Tony waved his hand. “Of course they should be reestablished.”
“Us? Why us?” Tony asked.
“My name's Anthony,” he said, with a small bow, and wink to Steven. Oh, that blush on the man's face...
“Huh, didn't know the kid joined us,” said Tony.
“Maybe not today, but tomorrow? The next day? Now, what was the name of that lovely girl, who you burned the first time you tried to make a rune...?”
“Sarcasm currently not appreciated, Birdman.” Axel caught the popcorn thrown in his direction, munching on it. “When Heartless or Nobodies steal a heart, they don't get it, though they keep trying, right? What happens is that it goes elsewhere, locked into an area that is the link between all worlds, Kingdom Hearts.”
“Monsters don't have friends,” said Tony, looking at the hand, even as his shaking hand rose.
“Best idea ever,” mumbled Tony, practically sitting on Steve's lap as he hid his face into his shoulder.
Steve very carefully set down the trinket, then not so carefully punched the wall.
“I can feel him.”
And he vaguely wondered if this was a sentient computer. It wouldn't surprise him one bit, given everything they experienced recently. He was absolutely fascinated, but largely pissed off. Natasha and Axel were distracting Nobodies, putting their lives in danger, and he and Steve...
Steve looked at her, simply staring, and she stared right back.
“Yes, FRIDAY. Let him in.”
Yeah, I'm going to make this into a series. But I think I'll work a bit on the Avengers/Inquisition fic, too. =3
And he thought he heard the faint whisper of his name, and it sounded like Steve calling his name.
“You fucking asshole! Fuck you!”
“Perhaps I have pushed you too much. I realize you have been through a lot in a short amount of time...”
It certainly began innocently enough. The Avengers sat, in various states of awake, eating breakfast. Or, in Tony's case, forced eating, while drinking as much coffee as possible without the others stealing it.
The door burst open, Nobodies flying in. Tony almost felt sorry for them, as the shield went flying, hitting them in quick succession.
Arrows shot out from all sides, quick as bullets, but the impact didn't feel like one. It caused a deeper pain, as if he burned from the inside. Steve stumbled beside him.
Tony had a second to see Steve pull himself onto the roof top before Sam attacked. Natasha led him down a fire escape.
“I think we have all made mistakes to atone for,” said one of the elves, his soft tenor drawing their focus, hands firmly clasped behind his back. His hair was a dark reddish brow caressing his shoulder, and hazel eyes studied them both. His vallaslin was just a few shades lighter than his skin. He wasn't carrying any weapons, but Natasha wasn't certain what he would wield. She thought maybe he had a knife in a sleeve...
“C'mon,” said Steve. “We're near a shore.”
“Hi,” he said quietly, not quite sure why the expression was being directed at him. Dagna, apparently sometimes able to have self-preservation skills despite the need to chatter as much as him, stayed silent.
“No no no no,” yelled Tony as they plunged into the water. Very cold water. Forcing the panic away. he swam to the surface. Steve shook his head as he surfaced as well, both of them taking a few deep breaths.
Dagna continued to ramble as Tony reconsidered his idea. He could just focus on his other ideas. The nice, ice daggers and projectiles he planned to give his sister, the exploding arrow ideas he thought of while talking to Sera...
Steve felt the shudder through the smaller body.
Bull leaned back in his chair, relaxed, his smile growing. “You've got backbone. I like that in a woman, Widow. I also like redheads.”
And just a gentle shove, like the ghost of a touch, and he fell. He didn't scream, even as the water enveloped him, and all turned dark.
He glanced at her. She gave the barest of head shakes. Give us more time, it said. He looked at Steve, met those sky blue eyes.
“Fuck,” said Steve.
“How dare you!” snapped another Mage by the names of James, one of his arms missing. “After everything you went through, with that mark on your head, you really think Mages should just be thrown back into those prisons? What are you, a monster?”
Their hands met, fingers lacing tightly, as tiny, yellow eyes blinked, turned to stare at them.
“That is one name we have, yes. And I can sense the magic in you as well, young one.” Leviathan whistled, and three fairy like creatures flew to the man, two of them giggling, the third one more stoic, but still smiling.
He turned it over in his hands. It was definitely a fruit, and in the shape...
~~Whatever lies beyond this morning...~~
And then right when he seemed to be getting through to all of them, their Civil War...so many people to  fail...
Adaar, renamed Bruce to Natasha, laughed. “Don't worry. I know I look like a brawler. And I do brawl if I have to. Sometimes it's just better that way. But yes, I'm a mage, too.”
“And you think this is going to go over well with us because...?”
“We're not engaged,” squeaked Tony.
Tony glanced at what he assumed was his mother, now uncertain.
Tony took a step back, his eyes widening and mouth opening. He looked at the others, but they appeared perplexed or angry. Steven's eyes narrowed, his lips tight, hands clenched.
For some reason, my brain decided that Thor as Justice, Loki as Fear, and Jarvis as Compassion makes some sort of sense.
With a nod, Steve held out his hand. Tony narrowed his eyes, confused. What decision did the other man come to?
“A lifebond,” said Aqua.
“We don't have time,” said Tony, keeping an eye on those around them, even if they didn't wear anything that screamed who they were.
Tony opened his eyes as flames surrounded them. Xigbar cursed, smacking some flames off his black robes. Another man stood beside them, long, red hair falling to below his waist, green eyes sparkling at them. His grin reminded Tony of the times he caught Clint in the middle of a prank, impish.
“Wait,” began Steve, but the pair slipped out of the room, closing the door behind them.
“Okay, that's it. Bring it on!”
“Oh,” said Steve, warmth spreading through his entire body. He never noticed what Tony's eyes said, before, but sitting so close...
Steve sighed, and rubbed his temples. So this definitely had to do with magic, as Wanda said. And that meant Steve might as well just trudge along, because there was nothing he could do to help.
It took an embarrassingly short time for Tony to come, and he thought maybe he passed out for a second. His muscles tightened, and he felt Steve bite him hard on the neck as he came, grinding into him, and growling softly. Steve held him, his muscles quivering as they slowly slide down the wall to the floor.
Steve's hands tightened on the bars, and despite the warning growls, he pulled, twisting the metal, and yanking the cell open.
“James Barnes,” said Dagna. Tony glared at her.
“With all due respect, he hasn't earned that title in my books. Shall I let him in?”
Tony noticed that Natasha, Bucky, and Clint seemed to be doing the weird silent communicating thing the three shared. He touched each of the other two crystals; Kirin felt loving and Phantom was a silent calm. Would it feel the same for the others, or did it change depending on the person?
Steve kissed his hand.
As they made it to the door, Bull called out, “His name's Steven, Anthony.”
“Maker, Steve, you...who...? Maker, lyrium...they...”
The sound of a hammer brought them back, and they walked down.
Amusement danced along his spine, and he realized that was Steve.
“Yes,” said Aqua. She held out her hand, and a symbol glowed on her hand, a simple key. “Keybladers have the ability to seal it. We have to find it, seal it...”
Tony gasped as he was grabbed, and his back slammed into the wall.
Axel waved his hand, beckoning them closer, and ushered them into a room.
Cullen sighed again. “Nor was I the best there. And I no longer consider myself a Templar.”
They waited for a moment for some sort of elaboration. The sound of the doors hissing open broke the silence.
Thinking I'm going crazy~~
With a sigh, he made his way back, watching the waves. He considered sitting, but decided to stand for a few minutes, or else he would fall asleep.
After a few minutes, Clint gave him a gentle nudge, and began to move. Tony hoped they didn't plan to spend the whole time hidden.
“We didn't have a map to find it beforehand,” Steve pointed out.
“You need your own rest, Tony,” said Steve, leading him away to his own room.
This prompted a discussion on different names, some more ridiculous than others. Steve seemed more amused than anything else, but clearly some of the names earned better responses. Tony threw out a few ridiculous ideas, just to watch the Captain blush profusely, glare on a few occasions, shake his head on one, and laugh on another.
Tony seemed a bit uneasy as well, but whether that was because of the mark on his forehead, or because of the runes he revealed, that remained to be seen.
Frustrated, feeling like he failed the Phoenix esper, tears welled in Tony's eyes. He shifted into his other form, ignoring the pain in his hand, and lifted the Keyblade.
Again, he was silenced with a kiss. This time, Steve didn't let him pull away, flooded his mind with warmth that spread throughout his whole body, a peace that relaxed the tension, and calmness that stopped his racing thoughts.
The woman was young, as far as Steve could tell. She wore simple jeans and a t-shirt, simple sandals, her blue hair cut short and framing her face, and she smiled easily. She carried a large box of bagels and cream cheese.
Once, he would have responded. He'd yell, fight, anything, to make his point. But emotions felt new to him, and instead of molten anger, he merely felt the cold of isolation.
“The Avengers,” said Bruce, softly.
No words, just the insane laugh of the woman, as she threw lightening at Tony, who tried to deflect, who tried to hurt this Howard...
'Don't forget, it's always darkest before the dawn...'
At least the lancer only threatened them after the door sealed.
It looked like a simple trinket, five seashells, strung together, to create a star. His heart thumping just a little harder, Steve turned it over...
“Thank you, Dagna. Tony, Leliana wants to talk to us, so I want you to eat, and then we're going to the War Room in a half hour.”
He blinked.
Despite the fight, Steve still went on a run. A long run, to clear his head, and sit in the park, staring at the geese squabbling over some bread crumbs someone left for them.
“The Inquisition has grown larger over time as deeds of Herald has spread, and so have requests for help. We try our best to respond to as many as possible, but it is impossible for Rook to handle everything, and therefore we will often send out others to solve issues he need not handle. We try to fit the requests to our specialties as best as possible, but it is not always so simple.”
Like a blanket, he was wrapped in warmth and calm...
Hawkeye shrugged. “Why not? The boss sent me to keep tabs on this anyway, so I have nothing to lose.”
“He's gone. Tony's gone.”
Tony stood, mug of coffee in hand, watching the two of them. Bucky, grinning, orange juice still in hand started to walk out, and Steve figured that the damage couldn't get worse. Until he heard the slap, and he whirled around.
He considered getting up and punching the man himself. He managed as far as two seconds on his feet before his body gave out, clearly alive, but not recovered. Steve's arms were warm, holding him carefully, like holding glass.
Tony held his hand out, and Aqua handed it carefully to him. It surprised him that the blade felt fairly light, but he supposed magic blades could vary. He sucked on his finger when he decided to check the edge, and received a glare from Steve.
“Kids,” said Tony, “This is Ramuh. Ramuh, these are my sorta nieces, not-adopted-yet-but-still-sorta my kids, Kairi, Namine, and Xion.”
“Of course. Since it's not bad enough that there's a multi-world war, that you were, in fact, kidnapped, changed by Nobodies, that your world is being breached by Heartless and Nobodies...a few of you have the potential to be Keybladers.
Tony supposed it made sense that Danarius wasn't the only mage out there to try injecting lyrium into flesh. Shifting just a little, his fingers traced a rune of strength on Steve's wrist. The lyrium sang to him, stronger now that he touched it.
“Yes, but you see, I know things that even your beautiful Black Widow doesn't know. Perhaps your dear Spymaster does? I know who you are.”
“Now now,” said one of them, a short-haired blonde man said, leathers dyed purple and black. “I promise we don't bite.”
Steve whispered in his ears, pulling Tony's body against his, “you've made mistakes, just like any other human being, and worked your ass off to make things better. You've punished yourself enough, Tony. Now,” and his voice dropped lower, “come to bed.”
“I need to go,” he said abruptly, turning around and practically sprinting out the doors. He thought he heard someone call his name, but it didn't matter.
They had this all planned out. Tony wondered how long they'd been planning this.
I don't know what you're expecting of me
“Fuck, Tony...”
“We're hiding in the vents,” said Clint, pointing at himself, and despite the tears in their eyes, the girls giggled a bit.
“Time's up,” the text said.
“Yes,” agreed Tony.
Vision met him at the top.
He knew that smile. It was the smile that said “I'm trying very hard to not kill someone.”
Strange opened a portal as another wave of creatures flooded the area.
“I heard about the runes you used,” said the Inquisitor. “I also heard that you were quite brilliant in your Circle despite....complications. Will you work with us?”
A whistle made him look up.
But Pepper had found the trinket in his workshop.
“You know, we all have nicknames. I think you need one, too, Captain.”
“Protection?” Steve asked.
“Liar...”
Tony didn't know if that actually translated into a yes, but it left him more at ease to know the other esper would remain to watch over his friends.
“You're evil.”
“Okay, ow,” said Tony, raising his faceplate. “You know, that kinda hurt?”
“We can feel each other's emotions,” said Steve.
Bucky rolled his eyes and ignored the glass. “Tony. When are you gonna tell him that you like him?”
“I care for you,” repeated Steve, softly this time.
Steve moved to the couch to deposit Tony, but the man held on tighter. “Don't,” whispered Tony. “Please...”
“Let's go, then!”
The Vallaslin is the simple version of Sylaise.
Stane laughed. “Oh Anthony. You were always so gullible. Brilliant, but still. You thought I was friends with you? Don't be an idiot. All I wanted was you out of the way.”
Some things are revealed to Tony, and the Avengers begin to search for their missing teammate with Dr. Strange's help
Maybe because he grew stronger, or maybe because of what had happened, Tony fought in earnest, trying to get away, panic clearly in his widened eyes.
“No,” said Tony, slowly. “I can feel...this well you're talking about, but if I try to...grab it, it slips through.”
Steve blinked his eyes. He had to focus on cleaning up the cuts and bandaging them. Thankfully, they weren't too deep...the others...
No, what upset him were the small whimpers.
“You're not coming with me, and fuck you, Clint. Stop taking everything I say as dirty.”
Tony bristled at the tone, the mocking way this Heartless spoke of Steve.
He looked at the boots he worked on, then back at Natasha, a frown on his face. “Did what?”
Kou finally hovered near another door, pecking a Heartless in the head. She sang, beckoning them. Steve smashed his shield down on a Heartless as Tony raised the Keyblade, opening the door. They didn't even pause to look at what was on the other side before piling through, slamming the door behind them, then sealing it again.
The woman's laughter stopped only when the giant white dragon appeared. Steve didn't pay attention as the creature attacked her, his eyes focused on Tony.
“You're trying too hard, Tony,” said Aqua. “Keyblades aren't just a thing of the mind...they're more a thing of the heart, unlike a lot of magic.”
And a short "chapter"
They walked into a busy mall, dancing around the many people around them.
“It's always weird,” said Krem. “If it wasn't weird, we'd get bored.”
FRIDAY turned on cartoons, and they felt marginally better leaving them.
And the world twisted to the side.
Steve took a deep breath, watching the procession of friends. He never imaged himself here, about ready to marry Anthony Stark, a beautiful, smart, sarcastic, and caring man. In fact, he could write a whole book about him...or rather draw many more pictures of him...
They continued moving for a while, silently. He looked over the edge, and for just a moment saw Steve looking up at them,  smile stretching across his face.
The three of them entered together, then just stopped, because really, the view...Natasha could only thing 'breathtaking.'
He looked at this Howard.
“You're here,” said Vision.
(See the end of the chapter for
Again, no words came out of his mouth. Even in Kirkwall, they knew her name.
“Drop it,” said Steve, using his 'Captain' voice.
(See the end of the chapter for
Like a cat, Tony hissed, glaring at the large Qunari.
Rook hesitated a moment. “I don't exactly want to send the Avengers.”
“Who's your stylist, because I have a complaint,” Tony panted.
This is why I like one shots. I can finish a story without losing my train or jumping to another one. XD
“Look what I found,” said Steve, softly. Startled, Tony barely managed to catch what Steve tossed him.
Tony took the time to blink a few more times, then said, “Well, yes, that kiss was...” and promptly found a hand covering his mouth.
“Steve?”
“Err, are you sure you want me?” asked Tony. “I mean, I'm not really special or anything...”
The Heartless waited, arms crossed, floating just a bit above the floor. Unlike Edax, his hair was a buzz cut, and the uniform contained what seemed like an altered heart, the end separated into three points, and an x in the middle.
The Keyblades are not going to look like the ones in Kingdom Hearts in this universe. They can be altered using keychains, but I see them as more stylized in the handle than the actual blade, while the blade can be flashy (look at Tidus' sword in FFX) in some. Weird quirk.
He had shrugged his shoulders, a small sheepish grin on his face. She smacked him on the head, then held him close. Natasha held back her tears, realizing how close he had been to dying.
“I was thinking of playing a little game,” said Steve, looking right at him. Tony opened his mouth, and kept it open.
The Avengers talk a bit about what they're going to do, and Tony likes his donuts
Racing through the dark corridors, fighting Heartless, and following Kou as she flew ahead, was not entirely what Tony looked forward to when they opened the door. Not unexpected, as they locked the door behind them, but still not fun.
Steve...
“Nice,” said Axel, with a small whistle of appreciation.
“Do you think...?”
Raiden continued to hover, his horse sensing his agitation, shifting on her feet.
“You do?” asked Hawkeye, bemused.
“I did,” said Cullen, just a bit hesitantly. Natasha wasn't sure how to handle the fact that this man was so willing to admit his sins, and yet anything good...
Steve sat back in his chair, a frown on his face, even as he continued to read.  To be fair, not all the comments were negative. In fact, quite a few people seemed to approve of Tony Stark and Steve Rogers in a relationship.
“Edax?” Steve asked. “Why that name? Why...?”
I almost left it with despair, and then my buddy glared at me and demanded a bit of cuddles. So there's fluff. Because I do like my angst...
“The girls have the spark, too,” said Aqua. She gave a small, sheepish smile.
“Which is something I want to know the full details about, not the shitty drive by you gave the media.”
“Boss,” interrupted FRIDAY, “Strange is at the door again.”
“I also hate you, voice,” he replied.
“Why?” Tony asked. “Why would you do this? I thought you were better than this.”
“You're both disgusting,” mumbled Sam, grinning.
“Oooo, cheeseburgers...”
So he ran, and then went back. He'd shower, then he'd go track down Tony, and apologize. He grabbed some water, watching the television...
And then there was the last girl, younger than the others, dark hair framing her face. She held a wooden sword at the ready.
“The colors suit you,” Steve said, a hint of a blush on his cheeks.
“Vision down.”
“I will travel to Asgard, and talk to some of my people. There are numerous explanations, and none that I wish to jump to.”
With a smile, he joined the group.
“Good thing I don't think you're a monster, then,” said Steve, not wavering.
“Your wealth, your land, even your knowledge. If I can have that, I will take it from you.”
“Aaaaand loving it!”
This earned Tony a pleasant blush, fair skin turning a pretty red, but the man's eyes didn't waver from him. Tony gave Natasha a brief glance, and saw that her eyes had narrowed even further, thin as daggers, cold as ice. Clint seemed more amused, but Bruce also seemed a bit concerned. He clearly remembered the less than pleasant talk with James.
