“Winston.” His giant hand closed around Dean’s smaller one, squeezing just a little too hard, but Dean cranked back. Winston laughed.
Dean openly laughed, shaking his head. “Man, I warned y-“His sentence cut off in a squelch as the man moved faster than Dean anticipated, his large hand clamping around Dean’s neck, and suddenly Dean couldn’t breathe.
“So far?” Dean asked with a raised eyebrow. “Talk in riddles and freeload offa my Lazy-Boy.” Castiel’s face was dangerously unamused, and Dean swallowed thickly. “They’re some kind of 1up for witches.”
“Come on, Diana!” Winston’s voice was cajoling, and Dean wanted to punch the know-it-all smirk right off the dude’s face. “I buy you a drink… I get you a couple-a songs on the juke…”
Dean’s eyes cracked open, peeking around and found the small black cat wasn’t anywhere to be seen nor was the man himself. Dean frowned, neck lifting from his pillow as he listened but the apartment was silent, just the low hum of the heater to break the late morning quiet.
Cas meets Becky and Dean's allergies get the best of him.
The shine has officially worn off for Dean and Sam's having a bad day but they've got a job to do.
“Where did you go?” Castiel’s brow was furrowed in concern and confusion. “You were gone just then I couldn’t-”
Castiel’s head fell back on his neck and heaved a beleaguered sigh. “What do Familiars do?”
“You’re going to get a visit from Rowena-”
It was definitely Cas. Dean somehow just knew that despite the change in appearance, he could sense it somehow in the same way he could anticipate arrivals, see auras, and sense trouble before it began. He was suddenly very tired, body sagging as if his muscles were made of stone. He didn’t bother getting to his feet, probably couldn’t if he’d tried but managed to scoop up the cat and cradle it in his elbow against his chest as he knee-walked over to the bed.
The thing about fucking your holy sex demon roommate/familiar is that he’s not human, despite his meat suit looking like one, and Dean was reminded of that when Castiel’s arm shot out. One second he was under the covers on his back, the next he was rolled under a warm, naked body, pinned to the mattress on his belly. A shiver shook through him, feeling the heavy weight of Cas’ erection through the thin cotton of his boxer briefs.
Dean's breakfasts used to be a lot less stressful.
idea,” Sam muttered, tossing his duffle on the floor before climbing in his own bed.
“You’re feisty.”
. I woke up. Saw…” Dean gestured to Sam’s waist. “Rolled over and went back to sleep. Like a good brother does.”
Jack Kline stood in the doorway between the front office and the garage, the air around him a pale buttery yellow with waves of turquoise throughout. He grinned “When did you get a cat?”
The visitor remained silent, eyes searching Dean’s, and Dean could feel something pass through his mind like a specter, but it was gone before he could put up any real form of defense. The stranger crossed his arms and brought a finger to his full bottom lip, regarding Dean curiously.
“Do I look stupid to you?”
“You just gonna jerk me off or are you gonna let me fuck you this time?”
Castiel’s eyes rolled back in his head when Dean found his prostate and proceeded to press into it over and over again. Unlike past lovers who found it and jackhammered away, Dean’s rhythm didn’t change but his strokes became longer making Castiel arch with each brush against that sensitive ball of nerves until he was crying out from it. Only then did Dean’s thrusts get harder.
my Familiar, Rowena!”
“No such thing.” Dean swallowed hard when Castiel’s gaze intensified as he held up a hand, palm facing Dean. Without thinking Dean lifted his own, and Castiel lined up their fingers and palms. Something pulsed deep in Dean, and it was like being ripped under by a swift current. Visions flashed in front of him. White rooms and clean sheets. A woman at a work table with seeds in her hair and soot on one cheekbone. A group of children on a playground and a sense of loneliness so palpable he nearly choked. It was Castiel’s memories, or some of them anyway. Dean immediately jerked back.
Dean huffed as a pillow flew across the room and hit him on the back of the head. He merely grabbed it and shoved it under the other, settling in for sleep.
A real smile now, all gums and teeth. “I didn’t.” He reached out a hand. “Castiel.”
“Won’t.” Dean panted as his hand under the covers pressed at his aching cock. There was a rumble in Cas’ chest, Dean’s eyes drawing from his dick to his face, and found that his pupils had grown so wide they’d taken over his eyes, no blue left.
Dean swallowed hard and nodded. He felt Castiel shift, one hand going between them to guide himself into place and Dean’s little gasp as the head popped in made Castiel’s pupils grow large before he made the conscious effort to keep them within normal human range. Dean said a silent prayer of thanks. Castiel’s lips quirked up at one corner.
They walked for a moment in silence before Dean spoke up. “The angel he met with, Zachariah, told him to
“Nevertheless.”
He tried one more time but he could see the small, white buds in Dean’s ears.
“Careful,” Dean chided with no heat whatsoever, tugging on the collar of the white shirt, trying to unearth the cat from its pile of clothes.
like him. I’m bonded to him which is fucking up my head. And I nearly almost
“Cas?” His voice was barely a whisper and Castiel’s gaze moved from the middle distance to Dean’s. Castiel blinked.
Cas' hand stuttered to a halt, black eyes lifting from where they’d been riveted on Dean’s dick and Dean fought the urge to recoil. He lifted his hand instead and cupped the side of Cas’ face, careful to only brush the dry, chapped part of Cas’ lower lip.
There was no way in hell Cas’ tongue was
“Yes, yes. I’m all too aware of what can be stripped from me, Ignatius, thank you.” Castiel lifted his eyes to meet Dean’s. “Dean is still a witch and has all the rights that come with that status. He cannot be held here without a conviction, you cannot convict without a trial, and the trial cannot be held before the winter solstice. I don’t make the rules.”
“You’re like the girl next door, Sammy. All…” Dean gestured, and Sam rolled his eyes… her eyes? Dean was starting to get confused.
Dean blinked at Cato and then looked to Castiel, sharing a blink with him. Zachariah snorted. “If they were bonded, we would have known as soon as Winchester walked in the room.”
Sam’s eyes bulged, foot slipping off the gas, and the Impala slowed as Castiel’s hand flew out to grip the seatback in front of him. “Turn around, Sam.”
Castiel shook his head, eyes still shining as he repeated the motion, Dean chewing contentedly as he wiped at his cheek again before taking a sip of his hot chocolate. The sun was nearly gone now, the only light from the blank screen down the street and a few of the street lamps on Main. Dean held the candied apple up to Castiel’s lips, offering him an easy bite from the side of the one Dean already took and Castiel dutifully obliged, grimacing a bit at the tartness of the Granny Smith but hummed as the sweet caramel balanced it out. Dean grinned.
The gateway had just closed behind him, wet grass and lilac replacing the smell of sulfur and burnt hair. Dean sucked in a deep, grateful breath. The cat didn’t stop, just continued its purposeful trot across the grass towards the road. Dean followed, boots crunching as he hit the gravel and let out a sigh of relief when he saw the Impala perched on the shoulder right where he’d left her.
Still waffling about that decision actually so if you read this and feel like it was a bit of a leap I'm interested in hearing your thoughts on that in particular. Or if you just want to read a little Fem!Dean-on-Fem!Hooker action I guess that's good to know too haha.
But Cas merely turned in a circle and flopped down, his large blue eyes sinking closed. Dean frowned for a moment, just staring at the cat who’d buried its face in its own paws. Dean felt something tickle along his wrist and when he looked up he found the unicorn balloon staring back at him, its giant head canted down. Dean shrugged, a tense gesture but shifted onto his hip and grunted as he reached for the TV remote on the coffee table. He settled onto his rear, bow legs falling open as he pointed at the TV and it came to life, the Netflix logo burned red on a black screen.
“Come on, man.” Dean huffed through gritted teeth, eyelids fluttering as he slid down further. “Let me move.”
“Whoa whoa, I don’t
Castiel turned to exit, his hand twisting over the doorknob though Dean noted he hadn’t actually touched it. At least that explained why the wind chimes in the shop hadn’t sounded. The balloon was back at Dean’s shoulder, hovering close so that the string brushed over his forearm.
“I told you to wait until we’re back at the bunker before you start that shit.”
A flutter of wings and a shift in the barometric pressure had Castiel's eyes turning to the opening across the yard. The balding, paunchy vessel that Zachariah had been favoring lately stood ramrod straight, a sneer curled on the angel’s lip.
“Rest.”
“Don’t be obnoxious.”
When Dean awoke a handful of hours later he was alone in his room. He sat up on his elbows, rubbing his eye with the back of his hand as the evening sun warmed the floor beneath his bedroom window. He closed his eyes, mind merely turning in the direction of Castiel and immediately the phantom feeling of being submerged overtook him The warmth of bathwater sunk into his skin and he fell back, allowing his head to roll to the side, gazing at the open bathroom door.
“I guess if you want to get extremely technical, I am considered a-” Castiel made finger quotes before dropping his hands, “-‘lesser being’ and am subject to arcane rules and rituals that most modern sects not only frown upon but actively speak out against.”
“Castiel.”
Dean whipped around, the sudden movement making the world tip on its axis. He almost felt drunk as he turned on his hip to crawl across the floor, pressing fingers to drywall, the wood of the sill, and the glass of the windowpane. Outside, the night was quiet, a few flurries swirling in the frigid air, but he was warm and whole inside his room as if everything that had just happened were nothing but a terrible dream.
“Oh fuck,” Castiel bit at the pillow Dean’s hand jerking him with the same rhythm he was using to spear him with his fingers. “Dean… yes…”
“Stop it.”
The descent into Hell had been a surprise but took less than five minutes. Dean was still short of breath and sweating by the time they reached the main chamber of the imperial palace. A dark hall that Dean felt was better suited for a high-fantasy novel than a parlor for the King of Hell stretched high overhead, but the throne was gone from the stone dais. Instead, six figures of varying ages and origins were seated behind a high bench curved around the room. The sorcerers stayed back to flank the door, and Rowena rounded the bench to take her seat at the center.
“Dean, you’re staring.”
“The movies do not scare me. What they inspire my mind to conjure up while sleeping does.”
“Heaven.”
“You don’t have to go.”
Dean actually hit his knees, hand reaching to catch himself on the hot stove and his scream of pain sent every drawer and cabinet in the kitchen flying open, refrigerator and all. Tears stung the corners of his eyes, as he pulled his wounded hand to his chest, fumbling with the cold water handle on the faucet. He closed his teeth on the growl of agony that speared him as he ran his violently red palm under the water, the skin already bubbling on the pads of his fingers and the heel of his hand.
Dean snorted, settling onto his back before sucking in a deep breath, his head sinking back into his pillow. He was warm and comfortable and didn’t want to get up yet. Maybe he could get a few more hours…
“Wanna clue me in on what the hell is happening here?” Dean said after a moment, using his finger to indicate the space between them.
They stayed that way for a moment, Dean feeling Castiel’s eyes boring into the side of his face. Dean shifted again, feeling the chafe of cotton against his erection, precum slipping into his belly button as the air around them became thick with lust. He couldn’t help but reach down, slipping the band down so that it pressed tight under his balls, the coolness of the sheet against his heated skin making him shiver.
Dean flailed, falling over onto his hip and winced as his breasts swung freely, their weight tugging at the skin where they were attached. He looked up for the source of the high, clear voice and found who he assumed to be Sam, not nearly as tall as he was when he was a man but a good 6 feet still. His hair hung in chestnut waves down over his shoulders, reaching his rib cage, and even under the now baggy t-shirt he wore, Dean was happy to see that Sam had ended up with smaller boobs.
Dean shifted from foot to foot. “Yeah well…” He didn’t finish, just returned to the kitchen and reached for his beer.
“I don’t need prep. Fuck me.” Blue eyes locked on Dean’s in the mirror. “Now.”
Dean blinked. “We do bodywork, yeah?” He crossed his arms over his chest, shifting on his feet as he straightened to his full height. “You got a body that needs fixed?” Dean gave him a once over for good measure and tried to ignore the fact that he liked what he saw.
Castiel lifted an eyebrow but Dean merely opened his mouth obnoxiously wide and Castiel rolled his eyes as he gathered some kernels in his hand and shoved them in. “You’re a heathen.”
Dean leaned forward at the waist, cocking his ear towards the bench as his eyes narrowed. “Ex
“It was an accident. I would have never gone down there in this form if I’d known she’d be early-“
Winston’s eyebrows rose. “Oh well, I got a few more dreams I can make a reality.” Dean’s back went rigid as Winston’s hand drifted south, and surely this guy wasn’t going to-
Dean stopped as he was about to drop into the driver's seat and Castiel hesitated. “What is it?”
“Your brother’s first steps, I think.”
All the drawers in Dean’s dressers shot open, the closet door banging shut as well as the bathroom door. “Don’t fucking lie to me, Familiar.”
Dean tensed as the guy leaned into him, pressing his body fully against Dean’s back and essentially trapping him against the bar as he reached around to flag down the barmaid. Dean could feel every breath the guy took, even the soft weight of his cock in his pants. Dean fought the urge to elbow him in the ribs.
Team Free Will goes in search of the monster and the missing girl. They all learn a little more about their periods, much to Dean's dismay.
“She’s not dead.”
Cas usually always stayed in bed as long as Dean would tolerate it. In his cat-form he’d settle himself behind Dean right up against his ribs and purr like he had a motor in his chest, fur vibrating against Dean’s skin. In his human form, he took great pleasure in nearly scaring Dean out of bed, naked body wrapped in the sheets and a little too close to Dean for Dean’s comfort. Dean looked back at the mess of sheets, stained with sweat and come and Dean felt annoyance claw at the back of his neck. Dude was a sex demon; did Dean expect the standard morning-after etiquette? He snorted, reaching for his jacket.
Dean glanced down as he heard the stool move, getting a glimpse of the tan expanse of the man’s back, his dimpled glutes and thick thighs before Dean snapped his gaze up again. “I put your clothes right next to you.”
When they arrived at the Rusty Spur, all eyes in the room turned to the strangers that entered, a buxom blond with roving eyes and a sweet looking brunette who seemed more than friendly with the guy that sometimes came in with the Winchester brothers. Dean made his way over to the bar, adding a little extra sway to his hips and soaking up the attention that came his way. Sam and Cas grabbed a high top near the dartboards and chatted as they waited for a waitress.
Castiel blinked at him before he looked down at his bare feet, and Dean felt as if the sun had moved behind a cloud. “Everyone knows about you, Dean. You and your brother stopped the apocalypse. And survived to tell the tale.”
“How’d you do it?”
Dean made a disgruntled noise shifting back and forth on his knees. What was he
“So you’re trying to put me in some witchy jail? Awesome.” Dean threw his arms out. “And you wonder why I don’t want anything to do with your stupid coven.”
“No, we just need to go home.”
“Come on, Sammy.” Dean gripped her hand and dragged her off her barstool, Cas following behind them as they made their way to the dance floor.
Castiel’s muffled moan into the mattress turned into a whine as Dean rolled him over, making him lose the pressure on his half-hard dick and exposing his naked chest to the cool air of the room. Dean shushed him, sitting back on his thighs and running warm, rough hands over his torso. Castiel opened his eyes just a slit, taking in the blurry outline of Dean’s sun-kissed skin, reaching out a clumsy hand to drag his fingertips down Dean’s stomach and letting them whisper down the length of his half-hard cock.
shiver. “Coriander?”
Dean looked up at his brother, green eyes wide and the look on Sam’s face was that of sad compassion, the corner of his mouth tipped up in a half-smile that was more like a grimace. Dean’s expression hardened as he jabbed a finger at Sam.
“Shit.” Dean swallowed thickly, his voice a rasp behind the pain at the base of his throat. His hyoid bone was probably broken. Fuck, that shit always took forever to heal.
“Jack Daniels. Neat.” Winston had leaned back into Dean’s personal space again, eyes roving over his face. Julie set his beer down in front of him, and Dean reached for it giving the barmaid a wink. She just rolled her eyes. Dean shrugged, taking a sip, and when he turned, Winston’s face was right on the other side of his glass.
to use the Patronus charm or those damn dementors were gonna suck the soul outta somebody.” Dean swaggered to the middle of the room, shoved his hands in his pockets and smirked.
want?
Castiel groaned. “I told you I hate scary movies.”
The cat gave a slow blink.
“You’re doing well.” Castiel’s voice was a gentle rumble, and Dean’s head jerked up, finding the man leaning against the counter, arms crossed over his chest, one ankle slotted over the other. Dean gave him a wary stare, leaning back at the waist and Castiel actually smiled as he reached up to tap his own temple. “Keeping me out.”
Dean’s eyes bugged “
This chapter fought me HARD.
Dean gave a weak shrug, and Castiel frowned. Dean scowled. “Don’t look at me like that.” He heaved a sigh as he looked over his shoulder at the gaping hole in the side of his room then hung his head. “Fuck, what are the odds nobody saw or heard that?” Dean scrubbed his face hard with his hands.
“What-”
“Look at you, all spread out for me.”
The cat’s ears flattened at the admonishment but shuffled away to sit near the sink, tail flicking up and down. Dean shook his head and climbed up onto the barstool to eat his dinner straight from the bag. The heat kicked on, and the unicorn balloon was blown in his direction, the string trailing over his shoulder before he turned his head and puffed out his cheeks, blowing hard so it veered to hover over the stool next to his.
Sam’s eyes flicked to his in the rearview. “Told you trying to get free drinks was a bad idea.”
“I pegged you more as a scary movie guy.” Castiel threw some kettle corn into his own mouth.
“I didn’t like you doing it then either, Dean!”
” Dean interjected as the cat reared back onto its hind legs, paws reaching for the balloon, and the glint of white claws against its solid black fur made Dean’s heart lurch. “Knock it-“He snatched the cat up under the ribs and must have gotten a lungful of dander because he sneezed hard, Cas giving a small squeak as Dean’s hands accidentally squeezed his rib cage. “Goddammit.” He sneezed again. And again. And again, until he was having trouble catching his breath.
The unicorn balloon had wafted to where Cas sat, still as a statue in the chair, and Dean half wondered why he hadn’t shifted into his cat form. Cat Cas loved to hog the Lay-Z Boy. Dean stirred faster. The unicorn head tipped, big glitter eyes staring down and Castiel’s head was tipped up, gazing back. Dean scooped the contents onto a spoon and hurried around the kitchen island to kneel in front of Cas once more.
Dean heaved a sigh, his forehead thunking against Castiel’s. “You said you only do this with guys you trust.” Castiel nodded, blue eyes searching green. “You trust me?”
Castiel blinked, his mouth turning down in a frown. “Yes.”
“Dean…” Rowena’s voice drew his attention back, her eyes flashing purple. Dean blinked up at her.
“Hey!” Dean growled, fingertips sparking at the mention of his brother.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Dean, it’s 7:30 in the morning.”
for any reason until I come back. Okay?”
“You heard me.” Castiel turned his head back down, anticipation coiling in his stomach as he felt Dean fumble for the drawer on Castiel’s side of the bed.
Waffle House mug from a trip he and Sam took to Kansas City while scouting colleges. Dean clenched his teeth, jaw flexing at the memory of his brother, tall and long-haired and the most powerful Caster he’d ever known, who had never been able to conjure from the aether. Dean shoveled eggs into his mouth before forcing in a few slices of bacon. He chewed laboriously, swallowed a bit and sighed before chewing some more.
walking around in his head. The unicorn balloon was back, big cartoon eyes flat and staring right at him. Dean rolled his eyes, punched the balloon away from him right on its horn before turning to stomp into his room. Maybe if he went to sleep, he’d wake up, and all of it would be a dream.
Dean’s jaw went slack. “
“Yeah well, the mind palace is outta commission for a bit,” Dean grumbled, looking down at his shoes and sneaking a peek between Castiel’s legs as he lowered his eyes. Was he hard? Dean felt himself twitch interestedly but that ghost of a scream flared in the back of his mind, like being doused in ice.
“Why would I want to resist?” Dean questioned, the very idea seeming ridiculous to him which he had to admit was probably the pheromones. “You coulda stayed a cat. Then we wouldn’t be in this mess.” Dean gestured down his body and Cas lifted his head a bit to look over his shoulder, seeing the tent over Dean’s crotch. His pupils widened with lust.
A sly grin pulled across Dean’s face. “You usually like it when I rock your world.”
“Yes, but
“All in favor of Castiel taking Dean Winchester as his sovereign?” Zachariah lifted a hand, as did Ignatius, the vampire, the human-like creature, and a woman with iridescent eyes and an aura that was shrouded and unnatural.
“Uh.. yes. Yeah. Don’… don’t stop.”
No response. Dean swallowed hard, a pebble of dread beginning to form in his stomach as he threw off the blankets and slipped into his underwear. His mind stretched as he pulled a henley over his head, reaching to the farthest limits as he pulled a pair of jeans up his legs but Cas was nowhere he could find.
“What do you think?” Dean muttered, not turning his head, still watching Castiel through the glass as he walked across the lot, looking both ways before he crossed the street.
“I can’t just access Cas’ mind from anywhere. He has to be close.” Dean paused glaring at the balloon which seemed to mock him with its dumb horn and glittery eyes. “Fuck you, Sam. Bond or not, I can’t do it. And don’t start on ‘you’ve done a lot of things lately you said you couldn’t do.’ This ain’t the same thing.”
A low moan rumbled between them and Dean felt his dick perk up then begin to harden as Cas’ warm hand closed around him. Dean let his head fall back, eyes blinking at the ceiling as his mouth fell open. His head tipped back down, staring at the space between them, pleasure trembling along his skin at the sight of those long, elegant fingers wrapped around him, twisting on the upstroke in a way that made Dean’s brain melt.
“Just shut up right now, okay?” Dean snapped, and Castiel’s mouth closed sharply with a clack of teeth. The Familiar scowled, and Dean winced. “Sorry. Look, I may be a shitty caster, but the plant stuff I got.” Dean reached for the door. “Don’t leave the property and don’t
Sam snorted. “Dean you know how some guys are. They buy a girl a drink they think they owe them.” Sam lifted a hand from the wheel. “Hell, you and I have both played boyfriend to get girls away from creeps like that. Did you think it was gonna be different because it’s you?”
“Can you take three?”
Rowena pays the girls a visit, Sam gets a surprise and Dean does the exact opposite of what Castiel asks of him.
Rowena gave him an exasperated look, her aura flashing a warning. “Your crimes against their species and the murder of their brother.”
“I don’t typically wear clothes when at home.”
Dean squinted at him. Did this guy just imply that… ew. Dean shook his head, taking a drink of his beer. Winston leaned into Sam’s personal space, and something inside Dean stood at attention.
the cat made when his paws hit the concrete. Dean leaned over, rubbing fingers over the place where the feline had sat, but the paint was undamaged. Cas was shaking his head, ears flapping as the wiggle moved through his entire body. He sat again, looking up at Dean and gave an irritated huff.
“Yeah, and you know what
Castiel’s legs locked around Dean’s hips and Dean let out a feral shout, hips pressing hard against Castiel before shoving his arms under Castiel's shoulderblades to hold him close. Dean's hips pumped quick and hard, Castiel feeling Dean’s release flood him as Castiel came messily between them.
Dean shifted uncomfortably and faced forward again, eyes flicking to the rearview mirror where Castiel’s eyes held his. He felt a pulse of anxiety, and once again, a soothing calm seemed to shoo it away. Dean frowned.
Castiel’s gaze seemed to intensify, something Dean didn’t even think was possible, and the air around them became thick, heady with the scent of damp earth and the pungent air right before the rain.
Sam’s eyebrows lifted, her hazel eyes cutting to Castiel. “How many have you had.”
Dean burrowed down further, mistrust and guilt making a painful lump in his throat. Sam’s baby blanket cushioned his head against the wall and he rubbed his cheek against the scratchy fabric, wrapping his arms around his knees. He’d set that girl on fire; her screams still wafted through the salvage yard. Just an echo but Dean still felt gutted.
I don't know why I'm telling you all this but someone had to share in my pain.
Hope everyone survived the finale and either loved it or made peace with it. #SPNFamilyForever
of ignition echoed inside Dean’s head as his eyes opened back in his bedroom, focused on the window though he could see the two assailants in his peripheral in the microsecond before the pulse. Dean wasn’t sure if there was actually a sound, but the pressure alone punctured both his eardrums, and the ringing inside his head was so loud, the burst of light so bright he could only close his eyes against it and hope that whatever damage he did would kill him before he had to clean up the mess.
“Where are you from?”
“Hmmm interesting. Yes, so the- “Castiel paused, reaching up to snag finger quotes in the air, “‘holy sex demon’ wants what all sex demons want, holy or otherwise.”
“Should I pull-?”
“What brings you to Lebanon, Diana?”
A smile tugged at one corner of Castiel’s mouth. “More or less.”
“Yes, but it’s on his tab.” Dean jutted a thumb at Castiel, and Winston’s lecherous gaze turned sour as his eyes fell on Cas, who merely looked back, impassive as always. “Sorry bud, gotta spend some time with those that brung me. You understand.”
“To overthrow the Ethereal Assembly and lay waste to Heaven and Hell.”
“Haven’t seen you here before.”
Dean shouldered past him finally, holding his breath when their elbows brushed, fabric against skin, but nothing happened. A surge of anxiety lanced through him as he was about to step over the threshold, and he paused there, hands reaching to his sides to clutch the doorframe. He turned his head, chin tucked to his shoulder.
“Dean.” Castiel’s voice came out as a dull croak and he cleared his throat. “Dean!”
“Hmm?”
“Come on Cas.” Dean looped an arm through Castiel’s pulling his body flush against Dean’s side. “Let’s get you warmed up.” Castiel shuffled after him willingly enough as Dean moved towards the door of the shop. Dean paused. “Rowena?” He looked over his shoulder and found the older witch looking put out, hands on her hips. “Thanks.”
boundaries when it comes to sex, amigo. Ask anybody.”
The unicorn edged closer, hovering at Dean’s shoulder as he pulled bacon and eggs out of the fridge, depositing them on the counter. If Cas was out getting them breakfast well he should have left a fucking note. The string of the balloon brushed Dean’s wrist but he shook it off, focusing entirely on heating his pan to the perfect temperature. So focused was he that he didn’t see the carton of eggs take a swan dive from the counter.
Dean leaned down to press his lips to Castiel’s but didn’t press forward. Castiel carded his fingers back into Dean’s hair. “Dean you’re about to be inside me I think we can dispense with the bravado.”
“Yes,” Castiel panted, his hand speeding between them. “Do it. Dean, do it. Give it to me.”
Dean snorted, taking a deep drink of his beer before thunking the bottle down on the counter and crossing his arms tight over his chest to lance Castiel with an intense stare. “What about what
Before Dean could even comprehend what was happening he was whirled around, shuffling with his pants around his ankles as Cas slotted in front of him, bending over the vanity. Their eyes met in the mirror and Dean swallowed hard, hips canting forward of their own accord.
Familiar now.”
Castiel’s smile was sad. “You know that will never happen, Dean.”
“I thought you were babysitting me
!” Dean panted at the vibration letting out a soft whine as Castiel pulled back to lick his lips before diving back in. “Jesus, man, what are you even-
to also say yes. They-”
“Well that you need to be handled and calmed down.”
“What did you see?” Dean’s voice was sharp as a slap, but Castiel merely smiled.
Dean jumped, sparks shooting from his fingers, but that was the only reaction, no flying tools or honking horns. It was as if someone had swaddled him, the feeling of being wrapped tight to the point of suffocation making him panic. Something soft brushed his forearm, and his stomach unknotted, cool breath filling his lungs. He looked down to see the cat had walked the length of the grill, small body, slinking against Dean’s arm. Dean sneezed hard and a chuckle from the doorway made Dean look up with a sniffle.
It hopped out of his arms as he hauled himself up onto the mattress, struggling with the blankets before giving up and letting his body go limp, face tucked against his pillow as the cat let its body topple over, thumping into his chest. His arm came up, instinctually curling around the small warm body. Both were asleep in seconds, undisturbed by the rustling of the blankets as they were drug over them by some unseen hand and the soft
what we did the other morning.”
“You’re staring at me.”
Dean’s spine straightened, his eyes going flat before he recovered, pushing himself off the counter. “For a while, at least.” Dean’s eyes flashed, and Castiel felt a rush of
“Yeah I know,” Dean replied holding out a hand. “The junkless brigade
Dean cursed softly under his breath, his fingers pulling back and Castiel fought a whine at the loss. He heard the bottle uncap, and the slick sound of Dean working himself up, Castiel glanced over his shoulder to watch. Dean paused again, one hand on Castiel’s lower back.
“What do you mean?”
“Dunno. Doesn’t feel like it,” Dean said and the other man chewed his lip. “‘Course that could just mean he’s working for the Coven like he’s supposed to be doing.”
Dean turned his head, not even startled to find a man walking beside him. He was taller than Dean, brown hair long enough to touch the collar of his plaid button-down. His was face all sharp angles whereas Dean’s was soft curves. The younger man shifted his gaze to look back at Dean, their eyes meeting and Dean had to look away.
Dean snorted. “Fate’s a load of bullshit.”
A throaty laugh from Castiel and Dean had to press his hand to his fly. “Mind Palace.” Castiel’s head tipped back as he spoke the words, letting them roll off his tongue as if he were tasting them and god Dean wanted to climb in the water and- “I've never heard it called that before.”
Castiel blinked up at him, suddenly grounded by the tremor in Dean’s voice and he brought a hand up to cup Dean’s cheek. “Yes. I’m good. Are you?”
“I give an order?” Dean lifted an eyebrow, and Castiel felt his mouth form the words without his permission, fingertips twitching against Dean’s cheekbones.
Castiel was on his feet, head down as he zipped and buttoned his slacks, and it stayed down, shoulders curled in. Dean didn’t even have to reach for it. The shame and regret radiated out at him in waves thick enough to smother him. Dean heaved a sigh and grabbed for Castiel’s elbow, but the other man jerked back.
“What the fuck. Charlie? What...” He shakes his head and screws his eyes tightly shut. How many eggnogs did he have? He’s dreaming maybe. Or hallucinating. Ghosts can’t get into the bunker.
Meg interrupts, pulling away from Gabe, “We need those drugs! People come here so we can help them. Chadians. Your own people. Don’t you care at all?”
Dean hitches himself backwards to sit with his back against the wall of the depression. “We need help. No one knows we’re in trouble.” He straightens up suddenly. “Cas, there’s a sat phone in my backpack. I left it in the jeep, it’s shoved under my seat. We can call for help.”
“Cas?”
They spend another hot summer week in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan looking for a wendigo, but they don’t find it. They spend time drinking beer around a campfire outside their rented cabin on a dirt road in the forest off a two-lane highway. Sam buys them swim trunks at Walmart and dares Dean into braving the heart-stoppingly cold water of Lake Superior. They whoop and splash each other before scrambling out to sun themselves on the rocks, teeth chattering as they lie back and let the heat stored in lichen-covered granite leach the lake cold from their skin. Dean enjoys himself for the first time in weeks, until thoughts of Cas intrude like clouds across the sun.
“We have a case,” says Dean, shaking a couple of Tylenol into his hand and washing them down with coffee. “In California.”
“Okay, so what do I owe the pleasure of your visit at,” he sits up and peers at the clock beside the bed, “11:32 on Christmas Eve?”
His mind starts wandering, taking his attention away from his throbbing leg. Cas sure seems to be a magnet for trouble: the almost bar fight in Abéché, the actual fight in Faya-Largeau, the mysterious conversation with the Chadian girl at the Bucket that he denied, and now producing a gun and being hunted by Boko Haram, who showed up very coincidentally in a very remote place. Maybe he’s not the best person to get involved with, killer blue eyes or not. Something else is bothering him too. Something that Youssef or Félix had said to him. It wasn’t about Cas, but it made him think of something Cas had said, about the measles clinics and missing girls. He thinks hard, but it doesn’t come clear in his mind. Irritated with himself, Dean checks his watch and turns the flashlight on after half an hour, shining it in the direction Cas left in.
were giggles.
Dean stops and gazes into Cas’s eyes, his face curious, “Why did you help out with dessert instead of 'fessing up, or just leaving? That would have been easier.”
“Boko Haram,” Victor answers. Dean remembers the email he received a couple of days ago. ”They’ve been coming south out of Libya, and east out of Niger. They tend to raid the areas for a few days at a time and then head back to their home territory. Depending on what I hear at the prefecture, we might head out to the lease blocks later tomorrow or wait a few days.”
“I thought you had a better grasp of biology than that,” Cas says. “It’s impossible for us to continue the species.”
“Jesus,” Dean says brokenly and Cas can’t wait a moment more to take him into his mouth. He gets his lips wrapped around the tip and slides down maddeningly slowly until the head of Dean’s cock is nudging at the back of his throat. He works the rest with his hand, stroking firmly in time with the motion of his head as he begins to suck. Dean’s hands find Cas’s hair and Cas revels in the feeling of fingers carding through his hair, and tightening as Dean struggles to stay still under Cas’s ministrations. Even though the focus is on Dean and his pleasure, Cas finds himself savoring the experience, almost surprised when Dean chokes out a warning. Cas takes in as much as he can and Dean arches up off the bed, spilling down his throat, before dropping bonelessly back down.
“I think I kinda found you, Cas.” Cas smiles, Dean isn’t shutting him down, he’s actually joking. It’s a good sign.
“You had every right to sleep with Dean Hipster. Or anyone else you want. You. Are.
“Bedroom. Now.” Dean’s voice is a low growl. Cas is swept along on an wave of lust as Dean tugs him up off the couch and leads him down the hallway to the bedroom. He’s not thinking, just feeling, letting sensations overwhelm him. Dean’s skin under his hands, Dean’s hands on his body. They’re on the bed, Dean undoing Cas’s jeans, yanking them and his long johns off at the same time. And then they’re naked. Cas feels lightheaded at the sensation of all that skin pressed against him, Dean’s hands wandering, caressing, Dean’s mouth at his neck.
“Brother?” There’s an odd look on Dean’s face. “Not husband?”
“Cas...” Dean had not really anticipated this (come to the pet store, they said, pick out a goldfish, they said, it’ll be easy, they said), but he should have. Cas is never one to do things half-assed. Rebelling against heaven. Choosing Dean (and Sam and Mary). Mentoring Jack. When Cas is in, he’s all in. Every damn time. It’s one of the reasons Dean loves him.
“Perhaps,” he says, his head tilted slightly. (Birdlike, she thinks, but not a songbird. A hawk, an eagle, a raptor.)
“What?”
Gabe looks up as he approaches. “Ah, there you are,” Gabe beams at him in single-malt bonhomie and pulls him close in a side hug before handing him a glass of red wine that’s sitting on the bar. “I was just congratulating Dean here. The wedding was beautiful, and the reception….Man, so perfect.”
“Camp mechanic and IT guy.”
The next morning, Cas hurries through his first-year course lesson, and cancels his office hours for the afternoon. He catches a cab to the convention centre as soon as he can, not even wanting to waste the time walking there. He heads through the exhibitors’ hall and finds the booth for Barrick Gold. But one of the guys staffing it is on the business end, from Toronto, and the other is a mining engineer from the Golden Sunlight property in southwestern Montana. Barrick is a huge organization, and the booth is busy, neither of the men seem interested in helping Cas track down a geologist in Manitoba.
. He pushes it into the deck.
That’s the crux of the matter, really. He can finally admit it to himself. He has been waiting, for so long. And he does know what for. For Cas to make the first move, because he’s been scared to put a name to what he feels for Cas. Why? Is he scared that Cas doesn’t feel the same way?
Now another colour joins the ballet. A ruby-red ribbon unfurls under the green curtains and waves gently. This is more than Cas had hoped for. He struggles to get into his coat, grabbing his camera and tripod and heading for the door of the buggy. A few other hardy souls have decided not to shoot through the buggy windows and are heading out as well. Cas has adjusted the settings on his camera ahead of time, and tucks his gloves in his pocket as he steps down onto the ground. Even without wind, the cold is breathtaking. What he sees before him makes him forget the cold instantly. The stars are blazing in pure white counterpoint to the aurora. Cas feels there should be music, ethereal, faerie symphonies from the cosmos. He sets up his tripod and takes some photos, the spindly spruce trees are dark silhouettes in the foreground against the immensity of the decorated sky.
“Dean, I can explain.” But he can’t. Not really. How can he tell this man that he only came in to drag Gabe out, but after seeing Dean, his heart made him do stupider and stupider things? He’s saved by Gabe.
“What do you mean?”
. Dean grins. It’s a favorite of his. He turns to say something to Cas, but suddenly Cas isn’t there.
“Dean,” she says, extending her hand for him to shake, “it’s so
Dean can’t tell if that last one is a joke, but he sees the hint of a smile at the corners of Cas’s mouth. The tight,
“As sure as I can be without being there to check it out,” Sam answers, scrolling the iPad. “It checks all the boxes. An exhibition of Japanese pottery, including sake bottles. Three dead in total: two tourists outside the museum in Seattle hosting the exhibit; and a vineyard worker at the last winery that hosted it, south of Portland. Local cops in both places are pegging the deaths as animal attacks.”
“Of all the stupid, foolish,
“Cas,” Dean cradles his face in his hands. “I’ve wanted to do that for a long time, way before we ran into Little Ms. Acorn. Her blessing just kinda broke the ice.”
Kevin glares at him. “Real funny, Dean.”
“There are no mountain lions in Kansas, Dean.”
“A situation,” Cas repeats helpfully, “in the kitchen.” His heart is not speeding up because Dean is standing so close. It’s not. It’s probably coincidence, or a heart attack. When was the last time he saw a doctor? Cas shakes his head and concentrates on Dean again.
“What are you doing?”
It’s a light kiss at first, but Dean leans into it, lips parting and hands reaching up to cup Cas’s face. Cas loses himself in sensation, Dean’s lips moving over his, Dean’s tongue exploring his mouth.
He keeps to the shadows along the wall that borders the street, and walks towards the noises that are still intermittently being blown his way by the steady breeze that’s making the fronds of the date palms move restlessly. The road makes a sharp curve a hundred metres or so further on, and Dean looks before turning the corner. There are two men standing over a third who’s lying half propped up against the whitewashed wall. In the dim light Dean can still make out that the standing men are young, early twenties at most. One is in what looks like army fatigues, the other in dark pants and a white polo shirt. The figure on the ground has dark hair, and his head lolls back against the wall, unmoving.
“What’s your name, anyway? I can’t keep calling you Trench Coat.”
All Dean was trying to do was make the little wooden house a safe place for the cardinals and chickadees and other nameless puffy little birds to come and eat. The bird feeder is the winter version of Cas’s beehives. In the summer he’ll sit for hours watching the bees leaving to go collect nectar and watching them shoot back into the hive, as neatly as bullets. In the winter, Cas bundles up in a parka, hat, and mitts and sits in the lawn chair that stays outside the back door of the bunker year-round to watch the birds at the feeder. All Dean wants is to make things good for Cas. He can’t scrape up the nerve to tell Cas how he feels, but he can show him. He can give Cas the things he likes, things like his beehives and his bird feeder.
“‘Kind of dry’ seems unduly charitable,“ Cas says.
Dean smiles as a memory surfaces.
Victor pulls up in front of a section of wall with a wooden gate standing open revealing a courtyard full of date palms with a small fountain in the middle.
“What’s going on?”
They had no RCMP credentials, and this was way out of FBI jurisdiction, so they had decided it was going to be easiest to look around by showing up at the spa as customers. They’d bought swim trunks and flip-flops at a Walmart in Ohio.
Charlie breaks off to look significantly at him. “Three spirits,” she mouths exaggeratedly, before finding her place in the book again.
“Whoa there, buddy,” Dean says as he catches the guy’s arm before he can connect. He thinks to himself it’d be a shame to let the guy mess up such a pretty face. The man snarls at Dean and twists in his grasp. Dean counters by twisting his arm up behind his back, and pushes him face down onto the table. Bottles and shot glasses fly everywhere. Trench Coat is placating the other man, but his French is coming too fast for Dean to follow. The other man, still seated in the booth, puts his hands up in front of his chest, defensively.
“Zack,” he finishes, and they both smile. Another bird swoops down and lands in her hand briefly. When she raises her eyes, Cas is looking directly at her.
“So, let’s try again. Who are you?”
Some time later, the room gets cold again. Dean looks up and sees a figure coalescing in the center of the room. Slowly it takes shape. Jo Harvelle is standing there. But he’s never seen her like this. She’s wearing a pink gown that leaves her shoulders bare, her blonde hair is a riot of curls held back by a tiara of stars, and she has honest-to-goodness fairy wings sprouting from her back. It’s strangely familiar. In a moment he gets it and starts to laugh.
“Dean,” Cas starts, but Dean keeps right on talking. He’s getting angrier the more he talks and he’s not stopping until he gets it all out.
Dean is flustered. There’s no way he’s Cas’s boyfriend, though a treasonous part of him starts thinking about what that might be like.
The combination of beer and hot water relaxes him, and soon he’s drifting in a kind of trance, images from the day playing out behind his eyelids. Cas looking dangerously undressed in his robe, firm calves and muscular chest peeking out. Cas’s commanding look when he stopped Dean from lunging at the dryad with his knife. Cas leading the way into the hot pool, his trunks a lot more form-fitting than Dean had imagined. Cas… Dean is aware of a stirring sensation under the water, a tingle that’s more than just arousal, one that’s strangely familiar and yet not at the same time. His eyes fly open.
“Yes, the pictures in the instruction booklet show that we should put it together on an area rug.”
Dean is incredulous. “Fine.” He lets go and steps back, breathing heavily. The man straightens up and curses at Dean but doesn’t push it, he brushes at the beer on his shirt. Trench Coat, ignoring Dean completely, pulls some bills out of his wallet and tosses them on the table. Grabbing his coat, he herds the other two men towards the exit.
“Lidocaine. I’m going to numb your leg so that I can clean the wound out without hurting you more than you are already.”
“Nope, I’m fine,” Dean says.
It’s been this way since they were kids: Gabe rebelling, getting into trouble as he pushed back against their strict parents and scheduled existence. Cas following along trying to smooth things over and mitigate the fallout from his big brother’s antics. So a familiar sense of resignation tempers his joy at leaving the stultifying atmosphere of the fundraiser as Cas follows Gabe out into the late San Francisco evening.
“Well, we could listen to this,” Cas hands a white cassette tape over to Dean, who squints at it.
“I don’t know.” Dean smiles and kisses him. “You tell me.”
Cas looks owlishly at her. “There are no such things as snow snakes.”
“Dean, I didn’t want to leave you alone in here, especially after what had just happened between us, but I needed to talk to him to find out what was going on. He told me he’d be going to the new camp with Mashaya and would be able to transmit the location. I know how it must have looked.”
“What am I gonna do now? I have to find him. I have to fix this.”
“The groom?” There are comic levels of incomprehension on Dean’s face. “What would make you think that?”
There. Something is moving. He can see it out of the corner of his eye over by the lobby door. A white figure with long, flowing black hair emerges from the shadows around the now-empty reception desk and drifts towards the glass doors leading outside, following Cas who is heading out the door. She’s almost transparent, her tattered white dress and stark white face shimmering against the glass doors before she passes through them. Dean quickens his steps.
There’s an announcement over the PA that another technical session is starting, and people get up from the seating arrangements, leaving glasses and bottles scattered on the small tables. There’s no one sitting near them now.
Dean returns home one evening from a shopping trip to Kansas City with packages that he hides in his room and bags from Home Depot filled with Christmas decorations and supplies to fix things around the bunker. He walks into the den to find Sam wrestling with a six-foot spruce and about 100 miles of Christmas tree lights.
“Good idea.” Cas goes back to his office and spends the next few hours calling hotels. He starts with the ones closest to where the PDAC is, and works his way outwards. No luck. It’s late when Meg comes in and pries him away from the phone, dragging him back to his apartment and ordering pizza.
The next morning he’s sitting in the bunker's kitchen with a coffee and the package on the table in front of him when Sam comes in. He snags a mug, pours himself a coffee, and looks over at Dean.
“And how are you feeling about it now?” Dean’s voice is still light, staying far far away from serious, but no less sincere for it. “Are you still scared?”
Dean puts those thoughts aside and tries to figure out what to do next. Issa said that the army would show up tonight. Sunset is just past six. That means six at the earliest, and maybe not ‘til after midnight when the militants would be expected to be sleeping. Okay. Next thing. Let Meg know so she can get the girls ready, and keep them out of harm’s way if the raid gets out of hand. He walks slowly over to the large tent that houses the girls. One of Mashaya’s men is standing outside and moves to block Dean’s progress.
Breakfast in the morning is perfunctory. Youssef brings flat cakes of bread spread with soft cheese from the Land Cruiser and they eat quickly, washing it down with mint tea. Félix fills the tanks of both cars from jerrycans, the metallic noise loud in the morning silence. Afterwards, they get back in the vehicles and continue north.
“Close,” Cas agreed. “It’s -11 Celcius, which is about 12 degrees Farenheit.”
Victor shows up a few minutes later with Félix and Youssef, and Youssef leads them down the twisting streets, past the market, to a restaurant he knows called Chez Elyse. They enter, stopping just inside the door to let their eyes acclimatise to the dim interior.
Dean grabs the note again, something that was niggling at him coming clear in his brain. The other notes said, ‘I’m not ready to come back yet.’ This last note said ‘I’m not ready to come home yet.’
“Big party and grand opening of the exhibition is New Year’s Eve, which is in, uh, four days.”
“What the hell were you doing?” he asks, pissed beyond belief.
Dean thinks for a minute. “So. Who chased us through the labyrinth? Who shot me?”
“Let him go.” Trench Coat says to Dean in English. His voice is low and gravelly, and under other circumstances Dean would stop and appreciate the way the deep timbre is affecting him south of his belt.
stuff for just a little while longer. Along with the
I grow impatient for a love to call my own
They drink for an hour or so more before returning to the camp. The walk back is a hilarious affair, Meg and Gabe singing, and all of them weaving a little more than they’d probably like to admit. Dean walks beside Cas, their shoulders brushing occasionally. Gabe leers knowingly at how close they’re walking. The group leaves Dean at his tent and carries on loudly down the row of tents. Dean strips to his boxers, unrolls the sleeping bag on the bed, and is asleep in moments.
“How old is this?’”
There’s no way Cas is going to admit he’s sad that Dean’s married, he’s only just set eyes on him. Cas turns on Gabe and hisses, “
“What did he do?” ‘Him’, Cas figures, refers to Zachariah, the head of the department, and, in descending order, a pompous idiot, a petty jerk, and a lech. But a well-connected one.
Cas rolls off the bed instantly. “Stay here,” he orders, and then he’s gone, the door slapping shut behind him. There’s no way in hell Dean is going to cower in the tent with no idea what’s going on. He gets dressed, carefully, and goes to the door of his tent. To the left, he can see down the passageway  into the open area where the hospital tents are. He  sees a small pickup truck with someone standing in the bed, pointing an assault rifle and shouting in French. There’s more gunfire coming from beyond the truck, and the sharp noise of breaking glass.
Cas leans over and kisses him back. “Shut up, Dean.”
“Suit yourself.” Dean says, “But I’m fine.” He pulls the shredded remains of his shorts off, along with his tee shirt and boxers, and dumps them unceremoniously on the floor, heedless of Cas sitting on the bench in front of him. He’s too tired and irritated at the unnecessary coddling to be self-conscious. He pulls the curtain closed behind him firmly and starts the water, standing to one side until the temperature is warm enough.
“I read,” he says defensively. “You just surprised me is all. Seriously, how did you get in here anyway? This place is warded up tighter than a drum.”
Dean opens his mouth to deny it. The word ‘no’ is
The Greek god, Dean, is looking at him now, an easy smile on his face. Gabe gestures with an eyebrow in Cas’s peripheral vision. Okay, it’s clearly Cas’s turn to say something. Cas’s mouth dries right up, and he takes a hasty gulp of his wine before saying, “Yes, it’s been great.” Cool. Not a really a lie. By the level of laughter in the reception hall, it’s been great. So far, so good.
Dean drops to the floor gasping, his leg flaming up in agony. Calmly, Cas bends and picks up the phone, putting it in his pocket and heading for the door. “Goodbye, Dean.”
Cas was sure that moving to Toronto would make things better. He’d break out of old routines and he’d get over the hurt and confusion of losing Michael and learn to live happily by himself.
Day 144
“Her muffins aren’t that bad, really,” she says. He lifts an eyebrow at that. “I ate the blueberries out of it first, and the birds don’t mind that the rest is kind of dry.”
“Dean.” It’s all he can get out around how hard his teeth are chattering.
“Do we really need to wear swim trunks?” Dean whispered. “We are gonna freeze solid.”
To say that Dean Winchester is unhappy to be wearing swim trunks in the middle of February in fucking Canada is somewhat of an understatement. The one saving grace is that Cas is as well, and that’s the only thing that’s keeping him seething quietly instead of exploding.
Dean wants to ask more questions, but easygoing, charming Cas is gone. The stranger in front of him looks tough and fiercely competent. A far cry from the laid-back tour guide who’s kept Dean company all day. It's enough to make Dean decide to simply follow him, no questions asked.
“Well, that’s rich. Of course he did. He thinks he can drop you and pick you up whenever he feels like it. That bastard. What did you say?”
“So, what’s my job?”
Cas calls in sick the next day, unable to face the rowdy class of first-years or the complaints of Claire and the other grad students. He turns his phone off and mopes around the apartment in sweats, mostly ignoring the tv he has on for background noise, and feeding Spock more treats than are good for her. It’s suppertime when he hears the pounding on his apartment door. He looks through the peephole and it’s Meg, carrying a white plastic bag of take out and a bottle of wine. He opens the door without a word and moves out the way to let her in. She’s already talking.
Dean turns and looks out at the camp. None of the insurgents are aware of anything going on. There’s a guard posted near the vehicles, but his attention is on four others sitting on the ground playing cards. Dean turns on the bench so he’s facing the notch. Cas moves from the shelter of the rock wall and meets Dean’s eyes.
starts up and he settles back with his coffee, smirking to himself, feet up on the dash. Cas looks over and smiles at him.
We don’t belong here. We don’t know the groom or the bride. And Mother is going to be furious when she notices that we aren’t at the fundraiser.” He breaks off as the bartender slides another glass each of wine and scotch across to them. “Who’s Jessica? And who does Dean think we are?”
Dean shakes the chopsticks loose from the napkin without taking his eyes off Cas.
“Dean, I’ve always loved you, since I found you in Hell. I’ve been waiting a long time for you to realize it for yourself.”
“Yeah, me too.” Dean reaches into his pocket and squeezes the hex bag until he feels the tiny bone inside snap. A sharp tingle runs through his body.
The camp reminds him of reruns of M*A*S*H he’s seen on cable. Dean pushes open the door to the first tent building he comes to. It’s furnished as an office. “Hello?” he calls.
Dean snapped his fingers, noting he’d singed a hole in the arm of the chair. The unicorn balloon hovered over the couch, cartoon eyes fixed out the front window. He could feel a tickle at the back of his neck and reached up to rub it as the balloon drifted sideways, now facing him. Dean pressed his lips together tight.
It shouldn’t have surprised Castiel that Dean was good at this. Dean was masterful in bed, his reputation amongst the ladies of Lebanon reaching mythic proportions and Castiel surely had experienced it himself though not to this extent. Castiel let out a high keening sound as Dean added a finger and Castiel wasn’t sure if it was the fact that he hadn’t bottomed in years or Dean’s fingers were the thickest he’d ever had inside him that made him feel stuffed full already.
Small as it was, Dean felt the effect of the venom immediately, skin growing hot and a deep ache pulled between his legs, dick chubbing up under his jumpsuit. He backpedaled quick, wiping it on his thigh, and thankfully the effect began to wane, but he still had the problem of his front desk girl having a screaming orgasm on the account ledger while his new holy sex demon roommate roofied her with bodily fluids.
“I still think-” Rowena began but was immediately cut off by Zachariah, and her mouth settled itself into a thin line of displeasure.
Dean asks Becky for another balloon and gets a special delivery from the Sheriff who takes a liking to Dean's new cat.
“If you’re opposed, just say no. You don’t have to be irritating.” Castiel’s tone was crabby, his hips giving an involuntary shove, forcing Dean harder into the mattress. “I respect your boundaries, not just as my Sovereign but as a fellow sentient being.”
.” Dean rolled his head to the side and grinned at his brother. “You might be a little goofy looking.”
Zachariah’s returning grin was all teeth. “Yeah well, you might still prove useful after all.”
Castiel sighed. “I know you have. They’re on the shelf.”
Dean had been reaching for the drawer when Castiel licked a wide stroke from his balls to his tailbone, eliciting a full-body shiver from Dean. Dean pressed his forehead hard to his forearms as Castiel did it again, and again before swirling it around, alternating between those wide, steady strokes and delicate kitten licks that made Dean’s thighs jerk.
“Can we just go back to the bunker, please?” Sam zipped her-his bag, and Dean sighed, throwing the blankets aside to spin himself out of bed. He was momentarily distracted by the long, elegant legs in front of him.
“I still have…” Castiel curled in tighter, holding his head in his hands. “I remember, but the training it’s… it’s trying to take over.”
Sam rushed ahead, flinging open the driver’s side back door before moving to climb in the driver’s seat. Dean was transferred from warm arms to cold vinyl with a sense of care he’d never experienced before - John usually dumped them in with barely a thought and had the door swinging closed whether there was a limb in the way or not. The engine roared to life as Castiel slid in next to him, barely getting the door closed before Sam took off like a shot, gravel spraying in their wake.
Dean looked down at his female body and found his legs splayed in his regular backseat sprawl; dress hiked up his thighs. He closed them, immediately tugging at the hem angrily.
“Is that necessary?” Castiel addressed the question to Dean before turning to look down the row at the Assembly, almost as an afterthought. “If he doesn’t want-”
“Shhh… shhh.” Dean admonished, burying his face in Castiel’s neck and Castiel complied until Dean was soft enough to slip out, rocking the other man with a full-body shiver. “Fuck.”
“I hate you so much.”
“Don’t think I will.” Dean nuzzled behind his ear, breathing hot against the lobe before biting it gently. “Ya know this is a pretty big blanket…”
Dean watched as Castiel cleared the space between them with a lithe grace Dean usually only noticed in women. He was tall, almost as tall as Dean with a runner’s body, thin but likely holding a wiry strength most would underestimate. Castiel stepped all the way into Dean’s personal space. Blue eyes locked on green. Castiel held up his right hand, palm facing outward, and Dean lifted his left, feeling ridiculous.
“Oh fuck.” Dean hissed, arms spreading to grip either edge of the mattress, pressing his cheek into the pillow as Castiel gently worked that muscle deeper inside of him. “C-C-Cas…”
The man guffawed at the lame joke, and inside, Dean felt himself preen under the attention. “Don’t mind Julie there. She’s jealous.”
never
Dean set the hammer down to lean against the wall and pulled an earbud out. “Mornin’ sunshine!”
"Fix your eyes." Dean's voice was a low rumble and Castiel winced, eyes closing as his face screwed up in discomfort but when they opened, crystal blue stared back.
“This is more important than that.”
“Tell me how.”
“You said lust is the appetizer,” Dean’s mouth was dry but he had to keep talking. If he stopped he was going to sink himself to the hilt and this would be over. “What’s the main course? My orgasm?” Dean let his thumb breach Cas’ hole and it accepted him greedily, sucking the digit in. “Or yours.”
Dean was panting as he came down, unable to catch his breath as he gulped, swallowing on a dry throat. He brought up both hands to hold Castiel’s face steady, forehead resting against Castiel’s as he struggling to keep pace. A flash of lightning lit the room and Dean was distracted momentarily by shiny, black wings rising over Castiel’s shoulders, there one moment and gone again by the time thunder crashed. Castiel’s head fell back then, a deep groan pulling from his chest and Dean gasped as he felt warmth flood him, his flagging erection straining to full mast once more with Cas’ release.
Dean arched an eyebrow. “And you trust me?”
“Dean…” Castiel’s voice was a warning and Dean’s hand moved from his lower back to his ass again.
Zachariah’s brows lifted in mock surprise. “Oh, Winchester figured out on his own we were going to hijack his vessel?” Castiel heaved a sigh, glancing to the left. “How utterly astonishing especially given the fact that-“ Zachariah’s expression turned deadly, thunder rumbling in the distance, “-no one even knows that’s a possibility!”
Dean’s head turned to the bartender again, trying to catch her eyes. He’d never had trouble ordering before. “Just visiting.” Dean turned to look at him again. “What’s a girl gotta do to get a drink around here?”
Dean looked up at his brother…sister? with wide eyes, the elated pep in her voice taking him back to being 16 and giving girls rides to the mall for quick make-out sessions in the backseat of the Impala. Sam’s face fell immediately after, and Dean realized it’d been sarcasm. Dean reached up to ruffle his hair, the thick strands hanging down to his shoulders in a sandy blond sheaf. He shook his head back and forth, feeling it brush against his neck.
“Roll over.”
“Let 'em stare.” Dean’s hand went to Castiel’s cheek, thumbing at the corner of Castiel’s mouth and Castiel looked back at him, his stomach bottoming out at the low fire smoldering there. “You’re all I’m lookin’ at.”
Sam and Dean have a sist-er...brotherly chat.
and making him wince.
He was suddenly hacking and coughing, limbs flailing, but a firm hand cradled his neck, thumb and forefinger pressed hard into his skull as the plastic mouthpiece was forced past his lips again. Cas fired the trigger, sending more of the medicine into Dean’s lungs. Dean inhaled hard, chest suddenly on fire, throat aching, and he coughed for what felt like an eternity, gut cramping from the force of it until it finally subsided, leaving him sweating and exhausted, forehead leaning against Castiel’s chest.
now?”
Dean’s lips were still puckered, seeking the opening of his bottle as his eyes snapped to Castiel. “You
“I told you, it doesn’t work like that.”
“You were attacked by Angels. Rogues, I’d imagine. They didn’t seem to sense me. Probably low ranking. Where did you send them?”
Once the kettle was on, Dean finally turned around, leaned against the sink and crossed one ankle over the other. He reached for his beer, and the top flew off into his waiting palm. He set it on the counter as his eyes fell on Castiel, who was pursuing his bookshelf.
“Another draft?”
“People are staring,” Castiel murmured, eyes moving around them and noting a look of disgust on a few faces. Castiel fought a sense of shame at their disapproval but Dean only pulled him closer.
“I’m not a virgin.”
“You always said if I didn’t get my shit together I’d kill someone.” Dean shoved his hands in his pockets, scuffed the toe of his boot against the polished concrete floor. “Looks like you were right.”
The cough subsided, his eyes and jaw going from clenched shut to open wide as he doubled over, grabbing his head. Dean’s knees collided with the floor, hands wrapping around Castiel’s wrists. A high keening sound pulled from the back of Castiel’s throat, a sound of pain, like a wounded animal, and Dean shuffled closer, trying to get a look at Castiel’s face.
“How... what... why? In my bed. Naked. What?” Dean managed to stutter, focusing on a crack in the ceiling when a cloud went over the moon, rendering everything to shadow.
The jostle of being hoisted up into Dean’s arms only disoriented him for a moment, arms latching around Dean’s neck as his legs curled to cross at his lower back. He could feel Dean’s chuckle vibrate against his own chest but merely nosed at the other man’s pulse point which sped as he hauled them both up the stairs. Dean grunted a bit, trying to lower him softly back onto the bed, laughing again when Castiel didn’t relinquish his hold, his boot slipping on the rug next to the bed so that he face-planted into Castiel’s chest.
“I know Sam said it was a Wendigo, but I confirmed that it's been two years since a hiker has gone missing or turned up mauled to death. There’s probably one here but it struck two years ago. It’s probably hibernating now.”
A snort from his left made Dean look up with a scowl. Sam smirked. “What? Since when are you delicate?”
Dean shuffled back, yolk splattering the toes of his boots, and the silverware drawer shot open, clanging and jangling all over Dean’s frazzled nerves. He shoved it closed and bent to gather the broken shells. From the corner of his eye, he saw the burner slowly turn to the off position.
wash over his skin like a chill.
Dean turned back toward the shop, tentatively stretching outward, trying to sense her aura but was overtaken almost immediately by an insatiable lust. A hand shot out to catch himself on the workbench as he stumbled, blood surging to his groin so fast he ended up dizzy and forced himself to snap back, fortify his mind. Something wasn’t right. His steps were quick and silent, moving towards the door to the lobby and found it empty, but Becky’s purse was on the counter.
“I can’t believe this many people come out for the Peanuts Halloween special.”
!” Dean grinned at Castiel, hurrying back over to where he had been punching holes in the drywall. “It should be behind here.” Dean crouched down, trying to peek into one of the holes. “I need a flashlight.”
Dean recognized him then, Castiel’s sinuous body and the way it moved. With that realization, he was flooded with his Familiar’s awareness, half-starved, a mindless driving need to fuck, all instinct with no sentience. Dean made to grab his shoulder, intent on ripping him off Becky, but Castiel’s head turned just enough for Dean to get a glimpse of blacked-out eyes. The snarl Cas emitted caused a spray of spittle to land on the back of Dean’s hand.
“Yep, whether you give me a handy or not.” Dean let his forehead rest against Castiel’s
Dean huffed, chewing on his bottom lip as he gave an experimental clench and Castiel’s fingers bit into his skin hard enough to bruise. It was just enough of a distraction for Dean to press the rest of the way down, jolting a soft cry from his own throat as Castiel’s head fell back with a low moan. Dean wasn’t aware of the soft mewling sounds he was making, shifting and maneuvering against Castiel’s lap, the cock inside him pressing against every pleasure center he seemed to have. Dean’s dick was rock hard between them and in an effort to get some friction he pulled Castiel closer, rocking into him as his arms tightened and his chin tucked over Castiel’s shoulder.
“My father was an incubus, and my mother was an angel.” Castiel huffed, reaching to wipe the spit that had slipped over his lip in his haste to answer.
“Sorry,” Cas sighed, letting his head fall back. “Where did you go?”
Dean arched an eyebrow and gave a nod of concession. He offered his hand. “It’s Dea…” he coughed. “Uh, Diana. Diana. Nice to meet you. And you are?”
Dean glared at the black cat sitting perched on the fender, peering down into the engine block. It looked up at him then, large blue eyes blinking slow. Dean found the level of intelligence there unnerving.
What can he tell her?
you. You’re a free agent. You had every right to sleep with Joe Hipster.”
“About six months. And before that, Cameroon, for five months.”
“Yeah,” Dean answers, sitting up.
************
“Cream is fine.” He opens the fridge and adds some to his mug, sipping at it hesitantly. Dean is content to stand there without speaking, waiting patiently for Cas to pull himself together.
“Where up north?” Cas asks.
“Uh okay. No problem, let me see what the chef got done before he got sick.” Gabe waves at him from the dance floor as he and Dean walk into the kitchen.
His heart leaps.
Cas smiles at Dean crookedly, “So, you saved me, you’re responsible for me now.” The smile does something to Dean, cut lip and all. He fights against the ember of attraction that’s flaring up.
Cas ignores him and makes a show of turning the page in his book, licking his finger and running it sensuously from the corner of the page down the paragraphs. The jerk. He knows exactly what he’s doing.
“Let me see to my patient,” she snaps. Dean is happy to see she’s her usual short-tempered self. She walks Dean over to the bench in front of ‘his’ tent and sits him down, gingerly peeling the surgical tape from around Dean’s wound. “Yeah, you need the dressing changed.” She returns a moment later with a first-aid kit and starts to work. While she’s changing the bandage, he tells her in a low voice about the rescue.
Well, good news is he’s found Cas. Bad news, and the thing that’s stopping him from calling out, is that Cas is talking to Youssef. And it’s definitely Youssef, Dean recognizes his voice. They are talking in low, urgent tones. Dean’s too far away to make out what they’re saying, but he can tell they’re speaking French. Neither seem angry, but there’s a tense atmosphere to their discussion, and a familiarity that indicates they’re not strangers to each other. As if to back up that impression, Cas pats Youssef’s shoulder before they walk away in different directions: Youssef heading back to where Mashaya is, and Cas skirting the edges of the camp, heading in the general direction of the mess tent and the guest quarters.
“No thanks, I’m pretty tired. I’m gonna head home.”
He starts to eat mechanically, his thoughts spinning wildly.
A small storm of noise breaks out around the room, people clinking their spoons on their glasses. At the head table, Sam grabs Jessica, dips her, and kisses her soundly. Dean and Cas both watch for a moment from their spot by the kitchen.
“Let’s check in and then go get something to eat,” Victor says, and Dean is down with that plan. He climbs out of the Range Rover and stretches before following Victor into the auberge. A few minutes later he’s shown into his room, a spartan chamber containing a bed, an armoire, a chest of drawers, a desk with a chair, and a shuttered window looking out into the courtyard. He unpacks his duffle, and heads to the front door to wait for Victor.
“Um, that was a hair-growing potion,” Dean says, wincing. “I was looking at it last week, it’s supposed to grow a head of long, shiny hair. Like really long.”
Dean’s glad Victor is going to be with him all the way up to the northern lease blocks. He’s good company, easy to talk to and knowledgeable about the country.
Cas finds himself sinking into the couch. The heat from the fire and the whiskey blazing its way down Cas’s throat are relaxing him, as is the aftermath of his adrenaline spike.
“This is…incredible,” Dean says.
“Dean, these names don’t make any sense.”
It takes barely half an hour for Cas to reach the street he remembers from his last visit. Even though he knows there are no bears around this time of year, he can’t help but look behind him every few steps. It’s still cold though, much colder than Toronto, and Cas is happy he’s got his parka and boots on. There’s no vehicle in the driveway of Dean’s house, a house he recognizes even without Jo’s description. He walks up the walkway that Dean had dragged him up the first time they met, and stands on the front porch, wondering what to do next. Dean’s obviously not home. He ends up sitting on the steps, hoping Dean comes home before he freezes solid.
feel.”
“Medically? Yes. They’re in good physical shape. No one’s abused them, if that’s what you’re thinking. Mentally? No. They’re scared and they want to go home. At least they have each other for company.”
“I was about to check out the staff offices when I heard voices. I thought it would be best to hide until they went by. I seem to have nodded off for a second.” Cas sways again, pressing more of his body against Dean, peering at him out of slightly bloodshot azure eyes. Dean can’t help but stare back. The proximity of Cas, the warmth of his body and the tang of whiskey on his breath is doing a number on Dean. He’s tingling all over. He wants to stay in here forever, or at least until he finds out what it would be like to make out with Cas in a closet. He can imagine it
“Where is it going next?”
Dean thinks. Under his breath, Dean tells Meg that he wants to check out the perimeter of the camp. They stroll towards where the vehicles are parked, near the entrance to the camp, and an armed man walks out from behind one of the cars to block their way. Dean’s able to get a look at the approach to the perched valley, a twisting rudimentary road.
“No, Issa belongs to the camp, she’s related to one of Mashaya’s soldiers, a granddaughter, I think. She’s a smart girl. She was helping me examine and treat the girls, and she has some medical knowledge. Dean, we can’t let these girls be taken to Sudan. They need to get back to their families.”
“So, what brings you here?” she asks. “Northern lights tour?”
In the distance, there’s the faint sound of more gunshots. Cas stops for a second while rummaging through his backpack to listen, but it goes silent again and he pulls out a flashlight and a small pack. “I’ve only got the little first aid kit here, the big one’s back at the jeep. Let me see what I’m dealing with.”He turns the flashlight on and holds it in his teeth as he pulls a small pair of scissors out of the first-aid kid and cuts away the bottom part of the leg of Dean’s shorts.
“Not exactly, smart ass. Now shut up and get over here.”
The Siamese cat stares at Dean from the cupboard that holds the coffee cups in the bunker’s kitchen, its blue eyes coldly calculating in its triangular face. Dean starts at its unexpected appearance, and then sighs and pulls the photo down from where it’s propped up amongst the mugs.
“So, like we’re going to get seaweed wraps and facials?” Dean grinned, remembering the spa where they’d first met Donna.
Some hours later Dean is woken when the guard comes into the tent. He sits up groggily.
“Yeah, well here we are, in a Boko Haram car, instead of being rescued by the army, or whoever I could have got a hold of on the sat phone.”
“Yeah.”
Dean can hear noises now. Not the wind, but an otherworldly bleating and bellowing that echoes off the walls of the narrow canyon.
An art gallery in a winery. Huh. Can you get any more fancy or expensive than that? It reminds him of the joke about the most expensive restaurant in the world: a concession stand in a movie theatre in an airport. Heh.
“Come on, we better go release the real squirrel,” Sam says. Back in the library, he takes the heavy book off the colander, and the squirrel, feeling the pull of the spell, runs out of the library, heading for the bunker door. They follow him and watch as he bounds into the woods.
He’s got more than an hour to kill, so he stops in a convenience store kiosk along the main concourse to get some gum and a replacement pair of earbuds. As he’s trying to decide what colour Skullcandy he wants, his traitorous brain replays a scene from the past.
Jo leans forward and pats his shoulder. “Dean lives over on Thompson. I don’t know the number, but it’s the green house with the brown roof. A couple houses before James Avenue.”
Dean flops back on his pillow. “Cas? Dude.
“I’m off tomorrow, do you want to see some of the desert? There’s a place a couple of hours away that’s definitely worth a visit.”
Cas shrugs. “The horsemen? Three thousand years, could be four.’ He moves along the wall, ”The camel looks older. It’s hard to tell.”
Scarves show up in September. One for him and one for Sam. Sam’s is cream coloured and long enough for Dr. Who. Dean’s is moss green and plain and very soft. He tries it on and finds himself rubbing it against his cheek. He stops before Sam can catch him doing it.
“I don’t know. I’m surprised they’re shooting at us. It’s hard to hold dead people for ransom.” Cas ejects the magazine from the handgrip of the pistol and looks at it, before pushing it back in and pulling the slide back. “I’ve got seven or eight bullets left. I hope I won’t have to use them.” They fall silent, listening again. Sounds are tricky in the maze of stone pillars. “Listen, we need to get back to the jeep. We’ll keep heading west, but work our way southward. We should be able to stay out of their way long enough to get out of the labyrinth. Then we cut back eastward to the car.”
“Huh. Real Ghost of Christmas Future stuff. Gonna show me my grave? ‘Cause, newsflash, I already seen it. From the inside.”
When she finally falls asleep, she dreams of swallows flying in over the ocean.
“Wow, a traditionalist,” Cas rolls his eyes but smiles at Dean. Dean’s lips are so close.
.” Cas says, as he turns the jeep off.
They leave the tent and start walking around the encampment. Dean is counting militants. In addition to Mashaya, he can see ten soldiers working at various tasks. Youssef isn’t one of them.
Dean trails disconsolately back to his room. He’s miserable — lying on his bed listening to Clapton when there’s a knock at his door. He looks up to see Cas in the doorway.
“Yes.”
“Hey,” he says, squatting down beside the man. “You okay, buddy?” The man groans and rolls onto his side, cradling the spot where he’d been kicked. “Do you think you can walk?”
“‘Cassie’?”
When they’ve both emptied their plates and sat back on the couch. Cas starts. “Sorry I turned my phone off. I couldn’t handle talking to anyone. Thank you for dinner. I don’t deserve you.”
It’s the longest afternoon of Dean’s life. Even getting stalked through the labyrinth seemed to go faster. He’s jumpy and his leg hurts and no one’s offering him any more painkillers. He drags the bench away from the shade near the door of the tent, to the side, motioning at the sun when one of the guards comes over to see what he’s doing, and he sits and waits, pretending to doze in the sunshine while keeping his eye on the back wall of the perched valley and the notch in the ridgeline that would make the most sense for the first wave.
Thank God. His room. His bed. His memory foam. Dean sits down heavily and takes off his boots. He strips down to his boxers and lies back under the covers, just for a second, to rest his eyes and settle his stomach because the room is spinning. The room is also, for some reason, really damn cold. Dean draws in a frigid breath.
“Measles doesn’t sound very life-threatening,” Dean says. Now that the man looks a little steadier on his feet, Dean relaxes. He’s probably not going to have to carry him anywhere.
. Down to your very molecules. How could I not know how you feel?”
“Cas! Are you going on the polar bear tour?” she asks. “Dorothy and I are going out on the tundra buggy again.”
Dean’s brain stalls for a minute, like actually record scratches, before coming back online as he remembers Cas’s angelic, and therefore encyclopedic, knowledge.
“I’m Cas. Idiot tourist. Bear dinner. Whatever.”
Early the next afternoon they reach Faya-Largeau, the oasis brimming with date palms. They drive across the soft sand through a gate in the walls surrounding the southern part of the town. A caravan of camels, carrying salt, Dean presumes, are collected outside the gate, white-robed tribesmen, maybe Bedouin or Tuareg, stand around talking. Dean watches them until they’re out of sight, the Range Rover piloting through narrow streets that are more like a warren of passages bounded by whitewashed mud-brick walls. Doors are set into the walls at irregular intervals, the occasional one standing open to reveal a courtyard and living space beyond. Every so often they pass an open space where goats are penned, or chickens scratch at the dry ground. A spiderweb of electrical wiring stretches overhead.
“Humans first domesticated birds thousands of years ago,” Cas says, interrupting her thoughts. "There are Egyptian hieroglyphics of pigeons. In time, they learned how to use their homing instincts for communication purposes.”
No I, I don't mind
Cas arches an eyebrow at that. They make their way up the path slowly, hanging onto each other.
I can hear you breathing near my ear
“It’s too close to civilization to be a Wendigo,” Cas mused. “And no one has found a lair or any bodies. The timing isn’t right for werewolves.” He stopped the conversation as they crossed over into Ontario from somewhere in upstate New York, the border patrol barely looking at their counterfeit passports before waving them on. Two hours later, they’d crossed from Ontario into Quebec and arrived at the spa. It was midafternoon and snowing slightly.
Dean leans over and sees a bloody furrow running along the outside of his thigh, a steady rivulet of blood dripping down out of it into the sand. He shouldn’t have looked. He feels clammy and sick to his stomach.
3. Draw on the fish tank with dry erase markers.
“Shut up, Jo.” There’s no real heat in his voice.
Right outside my door
. He nods and she hands him a folded piece of paper with his name written on it. He unfolds it.
“Wait here. I made something for you — a Christmas present.” Before Dean can protest, Cas is back at the car, digging around on the passenger side. He comes back a minute later, carrying something. Mittens, it turns out. Large, warm-looking red mittens.
A noise penetrates his panic bubble: someone is calling to him urgently. He realizes that the voice has been there in his ears for a bit, but he has pretty much ignored it as all his higher cerebral functions have been busy with
“Hi, I’m Victor Henriksen from Field Security International. You ready to go?”
“Can I come in?”
“Yeah,” Cas rushes on, not wanting to leave a lull in the conversation that might lead to having to discuss feelings. “I just have PowerPoint slides with me, but if you want, we could go to my office and I can show you the actual models.” He stops for a second,
They hang their robes on the hooks provided and sink thankfully into the steaming water, Dean with a local beer that the bartender had told him was closest to an American beer, and Cas sipping on a metal tumbler of mulled wine. The pool is surrounded by manufactured rock and there’s a bench underwater to sit on so that their heads and shoulders are out of the water. They’re in the furthest of the three pools, the smallest one, and Cas smiles at the other occupants. There’s a group of teenaged girls at one end, their makeup perfect despite the steam rising from the water and their hair up in topknots. There’s a married couple, a man and woman in their 30s, sipping wine and relaxing, and two men in their 20s who seem to be on a first date, based on their conversation which progresses in fits and starts as each new subject arises.
. Or brew something up. As I understand it, you’re quite a herbologist.”
The cat sucked in a deep breath and huffed it out as if demonstrating.
“Jack, go let the delivery guy in.” Dean gestured over his shoulder, still looking at his hands, then glanced up when Jack didn’t move. The subtle color around his head was shifting from goldenrod to a muddy purple, but Dean didn’t need to read his aura to know the young man was confused. His face showed that plainly.
“Then I know just how to keep you awake don’t I darlin’” Dean leaned in, nibbling at the side of Castiel’s neck and he felt his cheeks heat up.
“-but I’d say you’d be a solid Jessica Biel.”
Dean reached around Cas hip, grabbed a handful of his ass, and jerked him closer, feeling the other man’s dick brush against his naked thigh and the smear of wet ignited a different kind of screaming inside his head. He struggled to focus, tugging Cas’ ass cheek to part them, exposing his hole to the humid air and Cas’ eyelids fluttered.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Nice!” Dean’s eyes widened, his hand reaching to clutch at his throat at the husky alto of his voice now. “Wow.”
Dean went about making his breakfast, throwing bacon in a pan and sliding toast into the toaster as he sipped at his mug; overly sweet, but that was how he liked it. He’d had “Kashmir” stuck in his head for days and hummed it with gusto as he cracked eggs, dropping the yolks among the bacon grease turning the whites a dirty brown as they cooked.
“Nora taught me. I’m not very good.” Castiel gave an unaffected shrug, and Dean found himself grinning.
Castiel’s low chuckle was dark with lust, hooking his arms under Dean’s to haul him up so that he was kneeling over Castiel’s straining cock. Dean could feel the tip pressing just behind his balls, so close to slipping in and he swallowed hard, shifting over him.
Winston shifted on his feet. “Sure. Sure. Who might you be, pretty lady.” Winston offered his hand to Sam, who eyed it for a minute before giving in to the social pressure of the handshake.
Dean blinked as something bounced off Cas’ chest and fell against Dean’s neck. Cas looked down, and his fingers ghosted against Dean’s skin, attempting to grab it. Dean gave a whimper, trying to stretch his neck to get more of Cas’ touch. Something hard and plastic was shoved between his lips, and Dean attempted to turn away, wanting to bury his face in Cas’ chest as his vision began to falter, but he didn’t have the strength. Something puffed into his mouth, foul-tasting, and he inhaled on instinct, drawing the mist back into his throat and down to his lungs.
Rowena looks up from where she’s sitting at the kitchen table, a cup of tea in front of her. “I can help with that. I can make a spell that will magnify the effect of the alcohol and make it last longer.” She leans forward, her face a mask of mock pity, “Save your poor wee liver.”
“Oh no,” Cas says. “I’m not putting a fish in anything that small. It’s not fair. A fish needs room to swim. We need an aquarium -- at least ten gallons. And a filter. And more gravel than that. And some plants for it to hide in. And food.”
It’s like someone has taken a village from Finland and set it down in the Quebec woods. Wooden saunas and steam rooms are scattered around a landscape of snow-patched, glacier-smooth granite rocks, punctuated by pools of blue water, some of them steaming gently in the cold air, others standing still and cold like they’re carved from sapphire. Behind the buildings, a waterfall plunges off a low granite cliff, pouring over a column of ice to fall into a pool below. The air is crisp and scented with woodsmoke. And everywhere are tall, thin trees, some still bearing withered brown leaves. Oaks. Young oak trees.
“Mrow,” says Meredith.
“Not now. Don’t talk.”
Christina snickers. “So, Hippofucker wrote home to mom via pigeon?”
“Ugh. Caaaasss.”
Dean resists for a moment and then sits heavily on the couch. Next to Cas, but not touching.
“Are my pupils the same size?” Dean looks into his eyes. They’re that amazing blue that he remembers. His pupils are large in the dim light.
“Dean Winchester?”
“It’s not like I haven’t noticed all the cat pictures, Cas.”
“You’re not serious,” Cas says.
Cas looks angry now. “Dean, you can’t believe I had anything to do with kidnapping schoolgirls.”
Cas is still a bit pouty over losing rock-paper-scissors to Dean and having to be bait (you’d think he’d notice what Sam’s known since they were kids, Dean always leads off with scissors). In the long-suffering voice of someone with angelic memory forced to demonstrate it, he recites:
“Just fly halfway across the country and turn up unannounced at his place? That’s crazy,” he scoffs. “What if he doesn’t want me after what he saw?”
His thought are interrupted by the noise of conversation outside. The guard and a female voice. He can’t make out what language they’re speaking, The door to the tent is pushed aside and a young girl comes in carrying a tray with a plate of food and a pill bottle. In her other hand, she’s got a battery-powered lantern, which she switches on. Dean recognizes her. It’s the girl Cas was talking to at the bar in Fada. She sees the recognition in his eyes and quickly puts a finger to her lips to tell him to be quiet. In a loud enough voice to carry out to the guard, she says in French, “Here is some food, I’m sorry I can’t untie your hands. Here are some painkillers for your leg. Let me open them for you.” He thanks her in a loud voice, and then drops the volume and asks her name.
“Sometimes at night, especially in winter, moisture condenses out of the air and dew forms on the surface, making a hard crust on top of the soft sand. Driving on that is okay if you keep moving, but if you stop you’re likely to break through and go down to your axles.”
"And how are you feeling this morning? Headachy? Nauseous perhaps?" Cas says as he sticks his head through the door of Dean's tent. He withdraws in a hurry when a sneaker flies at his face.
Cas opens his mouth, but what comes out is something entirely different from what he’d planned to say, cowardice winning over the impulse to be truthful. “Were you planning on seeing my talk? Did you really want to see the models?” A look Cas can’t identify passes over Dean’s face at the abrupt change in subject. He looks down at his beer and then up at Cas, taking a moment before replying.
“I wasn’t kissing Michael, Michael was kissing me. And if you saw that, you obviously didn’t stick around for any time at all after that, or you would have seen me push him away and tell him we were over. And that I found someone else. It was just really bad luck that he came looking for me right when I found you again. Karma is not my friend.”
“Look,’ Sam says. “Those two sigils, they’re reversed. You drew them opposite to where they’re supposed to be.”
“Crap, what was that?” Sam says, shaking the fluid off his pants.
He’d met the dogs before they’d been harnessed to the sled, as he stood around drinking hot chocolate and eating bannock while the other visitors had taken turns being helped into the sleds, enjoying the tasty fry bread. His dogs, all of them huskies, are running full out. The lead dog, Rosie, is harnessed to Edgar, her son. And behind them Theo, Luke, Leia, Solo, Chunk, and Jett make up the rest of the team. Shadows from the trees flicker across Cas as the sled careens down the trail and he feels like he’s flying. It’s incredible. It would be nice to share this experience with someone, to have someone else on the sled, sitting between his legs, with their back warm against his chest. Cas is surprised that the first person he thinks of isn’t Michael, but Dean. Quickly, he redirects his thoughts, before the sadness and nausea can return.
“Are you okay?” he asks.
“Nope, I’m not. There are Nile crocodiles in the waters here, remnants from the time when the entire Sahara was a wetland. Over the years each generation has gotten smaller so they can survive in these pools.”
No, I’ve come back. It took a long time, but now I know that I don’t need to depend on you — you and Sam — that I can be on my own and survive. That if I stay, it’s because I want to. Not because I have to. Not because I can’t take care of myself. I know I want to be here, Dean. Whether I can help or not. I want this to be my home. If I can stay.” He drops his eyes from Dean’s and looks down at his feet. ”With you.”
. Dean tries to remember the sign for
Félix translates, his English accented with French. “At the restaurant the talk was about two school girls missing since last week. Everyone’s on edge wondering if they’re coming back. Livestock has gone missing too -- goats, camels too. I think the Boko Haram are still in the area. There’s talk of Mashaya. That it’s his crew.”
“I’m only asking this because you’ve been drunk many, many times in the past and never called me ‘babe’,” Cas says drily.
“Cas, this is amazing. Thank you.” Cas smiles at the sincerity in Dean’s voice.
Well, it was worth a shot. Dean reluctantly raises his eyes to meet Cas’s. “Uh,” he starts, eloquently.
A merciful god sends Gabe past the kitchen door at that point and Cas grabs his arm and drags him inside, closing the door behind him.
“It’s reversible. She can turn them back. They won’t remember.”
Dean grins, “Nah, you’re doing fine.” He puts the boxes of ornaments he’s carrying down on the couch. “Besides, I’m going back outside. The floodlight’s burned out over the garage. I want to change it before Jody shows up. If she leaves after her shift tomorrow she won’t be here ‘til after dark.”
“Well, I didn’t see
“I’m sorry. I really am,” Cas says, again. “I panicked. And trust me, I’ve been beating myself up about it ever since. You didn’t deserve me and my ex issues bailing on you like that. I’ve been wishing there was a way to get in touch with you, but I left without even finding out your last name. And then there you were. At the convention. And apparently my brain stopped working.”
*************
Cas looks down, embarrassed. Dean laughs and leans forward to press a kiss to Cas’s lips. “Hey, it’s flattering that you find me that distracting. I’m gonna go shower, and then if you want, I can take you out for breakfast and show you the sights of Churchill?” He’s smiling hopefully and Cas is smitten.
“Did you just use your grace?”
“This is the first time the collection is being exhibited outside Japan. We at the Twisted River winery are happy to be the last stop on the U.S. tour and to usher in the new year surrounded by this beauty. Please feel free to look at the lovely artwork, but please refrain from touching anything. We wouldn’t want Mr. Tanaka to regret bringing this pottery to the United States.”
“No, no, no. We’ve had that conversation. I was thinking maybe a fish. A goldfish, or one of those fancy ones with the tails and fins that don’t get along with each other.”
We got a groovy kind of love.
He pulls a pillow over his face, so his voice is muffled, “For fuck’s sake, Charlie, I get this enough from Sam. Why don’t you go haunt him instead, you could have a sleepover, braid each other’s hair.”
Can't control the quivering inside
“Yes, Ma’am.” Cas says with a mock salute.
“That all seems so unreal. I’ve been in Chad for months, but this is my first trip up to the Sahara. I want to see more of it, but I’m stuck here.”
Lying in bed, Spock curled up on the pillow next to him, Cas can’t help but to poke at memories like a sore tooth.
“Leg?” Dean grins.
“Dean,” Bobby answers gruffly.
“I have a friend in Fada.” Dean wonders if that’s true, but spending time getting to know Cas better sounds like a more interesting proposition than staying in Faya-Largeau alone. “I’ve been invited to stay for a few days, so it works out well.” Victor looks like he wants to argue, but really what can he do? Dean’s the client.
“Yep,” he grins and pulls a pair of aviator shades out of his pocket and puts them on. It’s unfair how attractive they make him look. “It’s the least I can do to say thanks for last night. I know some pretty amazing places. I’m going to be at the clinic for awhile this morning, seeing as I didn’t make it back to Fada last night, I have some paperwork I might as well get done before I head back. If you find out before noon that you’re not going out to the oilfield, and you want to see some of the desert, come find me at the clinic. It’s on the main square, just past Chez Elyse.”
Ten minutes later, he’s heading out past the den, his arms full of ingredients, the book balanced precariously on top. Sam looks up again as he heads by. “You sure you don’t need any help with whatever you’re doing?”
“Where are you taking her?” Dean asks, anger evident in his voice.
“Oh,” says Dean when he can finally speak again.
for tonight and you’re gonna end up on the couch again.” Dean stops, mid-reach for one of the boxes as a thought hits him. “What are the meatballs called again?”
Cas’s heart does some strange gymnastics. But no, this isn’t their bedroom in Lawrence. This body doesn’t smell like Michael, these snores don’t sound like Michael.
“Roommates?”
Waitstaff are circulating with flutes of champagne for the guests. Dean hurriedly snatches the flask of whiskey from Cas and stuffs it back into his jacket pocket. They both accept a proffered glass, but Sam passes, raising his bottle of sparkling water as an excuse.
“Why the hell would you call me that in the first place?”
The exhaustion of night patrol finally catches up with her as she makes her way back to her own cabin. Zoe and Penn are out. She finds, to her surprise, that she’s a little sad to have missed them after all.
“It’s just the northern lights,“ Dean says sleepily.
and it means pregnancy. I don’t understand. A mattress should be named something like
“It’s not that kind of spa,” Cas had explained. “It’s a Nordic spa. Outdoors. Saunas. Steam rooms. Hot and cold pools. Heated hammocks.”
“Deux bières et une autre bouteille du Crown Royal, s’il vous plaît”
I’ve ever known. And you knew who I meant without me even saying his name.”
“DEAN! What are you doing? Stop!” Cas’s voice bursts into his cone of concentration and Dean jerks the gun to the side, finger sliding off the trigger.
“Is one of them named Issa?” Dean asks.
a bright spot in the dim room.
Pausing inside the door of the bar, Dean lets his eyes adjust to the gloom. A long, scarred wooden bar stretches the length of the back wall, tables and chairs scattered in front of it.  Booths, separated by intricately carved wooden screens run along the left wall. A few lamps hang from the ceiling between the mandatory Casablanca-esque fans stirring the coolish air. The bartender stands behind the bar reading a newspaper, his white
“We’re just going to parade through the spa with a green-haired chick and pack her into Baby?”
“But you know, it makes sense now. I can’t believe it took me this long to figure it out.
“If you aren’t going north right away, come check out the camp in Fada and I’ll show you the sights.”
“And how do you know my baby bro?”
“I want to see the doctor,” he says in French to the man. The man doesn’t respond, and blocks the doorway with his rifle. Meg must have heard him, and she comes out, pushing the flap and the man’s rifle out of the way with her arm.
After waiting for his baggage to show up on the airport’s lone carousel, he climbs tiredly into a cab waiting outside and gives the address of his rental house. It’s been a long day. It isn’t until he’s finally relaxing with beer and a sandwich from the groceries in the fridge that had been thoughtfully supplied by his host, that Cas realizes he hasn’t thought of Michael since the Winnipeg airport.
“Time for another shot,” Dean says, and pours them each another one. Dean hands the shot glass to Cas. He looks speculatively at Cas, who has leaned forward to take the offered drink. Is it his imagination, or were Dean’s eyes lingering on his mouth? Dean is definitely staring at Cas now, green eyes intense. Cas tips back his head, and swallows the whiskey.
“What are you talking about?” Cas asks, surprised.
“Just sit with me, make sure I keep breathing, watch for seizures.” He grabs the single pillow on Dean’s bed, twists to put it against the headboard, and leans back, stretching gingerly. His tee shirt rides up, exposing a strip of skin above the waistband of his scrubs. It’s very distracting. Dean finds his attention drawn to it and casts around for a subject for conversation to keep his imagination in check.
Dean’s vision is not clearing. He’s hot and lightheaded and feeling dismayingly like he’s going to puke. He sways a little and slides down the wall to collapse in a slumped heap on the shower floor.
Cas pours them each a tiny cup of tea. It’s pale yellow and smells flowery. Dean follows the path of the cup up as Cas raises it to his lips, finding it disturbingly hard to drag his eyes away when Cas sips, his eyes falling to Cas’s throat as he swallows. He’s still getting used to the idea that their recently evolved relationship means he gets to look openly now, no more stolen glances like a goddamn romance novel. Cas meets his gaze with a slightly raised eyebrow. Flustered, Dean picks up his own thimble and sips at it gingerly.
The next morning goes remarkably smoothly, an omen perhaps? Cas is up and dressed and drinking coffee when Meg arrives to drive him to the airport. He’s written extensive notes for her on the care and feeding of Spock, who realizes what the suitcase means and is studiously ignoring Cas from her perch on top of the fridge.
Cas sways towards him, feels those familiar lips on his, and every instinct he has screams
The Twisted River Winery is a beautiful building, all cedar wood and smoked glass, built low against the backdrop of the vineyard that stretches across rolling hills, with vines planted to the south, and woods to the north. They park and get out of the car, Fed suits standing in for whatever formal wear one wears to a New Year’s Eve party at a winery.
Unexpectedly, Mashaya starts to laugh. ”Well, we’ll have plenty of time to chat about the quality of my soldiers later. You can ride with the doctor.” He motions with his head and the man holding Dean’s arm pulls him towards the car where Meg is. .
“Just a minute,” someone answers from behind a barrier of filing cabinets. A moment later a short blond man comes into view balancing an open laptop on a small pile of binders. “Can I help you?”
“I think so, yeah. And taking it out on anyone she can catch alone.”
“Ugh, okay. It was more than hanging out watching tv. It was what you’re thinking.”
“Okay. But I didn’t get Jo’s number,” Gabe grumbles, swaying slightly.
The woman behind the bar is in her late forties, with long brown hair, wearing a plaid shirt open over a dark green tee. Ellen, he assumes. Cas smiles to himself, another person Meg would call a hipster who really, really isn’t. She opens a beer for him, slides it across the bar, and excuses herself to go to the kitchen and put in his order.
“Beer, please, Albert,” but Albert has already popped the cap off a bottle and is setting it down in front of him. Dean tips the bottle up to his mouth. The beer is cool, but not cold enough. But God knows he’s gotten used to that during this last year in Africa.  He looks around and sees the trench coat guy, at least he thinks it’s him, sitting at one of the booths with two other men. He’s in shirtsleeves now, speaking French with his companions. French and Arabic are the languages of Chad, and Dean knows enough of the former to make himself understood here. As for the latter, he can pick out a word here and there, otherwise he’s hopeless.
“Dean!”
“But…”
“Okay,” Victor says and heads for the door, “but stay in the courtyard. It’s not safe to wander the streets of Faya late at night.”
“I know, Dean, you told me in the car.” Dean’s noticed that Cas gets pissy when he drinks. Pissy. Heh. Pissy when he’s pissed.
Dean grins at his manufactured grumpiness, but then Kevin reaches forward and grabs onto his wrist.
Dean rests his forehead against Cas’s for a moment, “I missed you too.”
At that point, Dean had decided that the ninja squirrel needed to go. Permanently. Hence the automatic. And now Cas is mad at him. He was only trying to help. It really isn’t fair. Dean stomps into the kitchen and grabs the bottle of Jack from behind the spice rack. It’s halfway through the afternoon and he has nothing better to do than to go and drink in his room and pout.
“Really? What are you doing up in Churchill?” Cas asks.
“Spyros?”
. It makes Dean uncomfortable.
It takes another day to get his equipment ready to be shipped south to the capital at N’Djamena and pack for his trip north. He drops in at Albert’s one night and refuses to admit to himself that he’s disappointed when Trench Coat doesn’t appear.
They walk through the dining room and into the gallery. A small crowd of people are standing in groups or sitting at tall tables scattered around the room. As they find a place to stand, a blonde woman wearing a sequined dress gets up from one of the tables and addresses the crowd.
Pumping cream into pastry after pastry he finds he can’t get his mind out of the gutter. And who’s he imagining down in the mental gutter with him? Three guesses and the first two non-green-eyed ones don’t count.
“Yeah, I was blown away the first time I came here too. It’s pretty special.”
“The symbol that looks like a stick woman,” Sam says. “She’s the Assyrian moon goddess. And you had her facing the squirrel.”
Dean shifts his gaze to the man now coming towards the bar, and nearly chokes on his beer. He looks to be a few years older than Dean, tall, near Dean’s height, and leanly muscled, a wilted white dress shirt tucked into black suit pants, so not the wardrobe for Chad in the spring. Abéché isn’t true desert, it’s in the Sahel, the more temperate savannah zone, but the temperature reaches the high 80s during the day. It’s his face that stops Dean, with his bottle at his mouth. Piercing blue eyes under dark hair, a nice nose over chapped pink lips, a sharp jawline.
Cas stops when he finds an extra-broad column with a shallow depression at its base, and lowers Dean gently to the ground. The numbness is fading and Dean hisses as his thigh begins to burn.
“Excellent idea, Sam,” Dean says, and lunges for the notch-eared squirrel, who’s just finished replicating, but Dean’s reflexes are blunted by whiskey and the squirrel’s too fast. It darts out of the kitchen, heading past the den and down the corridor towards the library.
Cas looks at the trip itinerary: Churchill Manitoba, perched on the edge of Hudson Bay, not too far south of the Arctic Circle—it’ll be hell of a plane ride: Toronto to Winnipeg, Winnipeg to Churchill, but the lure of those magical bands of light is irresistible. He’s really doing this. He’s got an Airbnb booked in Churchill, which is a smaller town than he’d imagined, and he’s leaving tomorrow.
Ticker tape is filling the Times Square sky on the television, and outside the house small explosions can be heard in the distance.
“I really doubt that. I don’t think you know how. Goodbye, Michael,” Cas repeats, not taking his eyes off the screen. Behind him he hears Michael give an irritated sigh and leave without another word.
Not infrequently, there are times Dean asks himself why he ever sold his soul for that gigantic, floppy-haired pain in the ass. This is one of those times.
He gets out of the buggy when they reach their destination and photographs the aurora, but the magic seems dimmed this time. His inner turmoil is taking away from his ability to appreciate the light show. And when he’s back in his bed, it’s not the northern lights he’s thinking of, but Dean.
“No. I was here in December for the lights,” he adds some ketchup to his burger and then looks over at her. “Actually, I’m looking for someone. A friend who lives here.”
Meg’s noticed that he’s not himself, and in a case of rare-for-her considerateness, hasn’t asked him what’s wrong. She got the same G-rated explanation of his New Year’s Eve that he’d given to Charlie and Dorothy, and she’d marvelled at his close call with the bear, but as the weeks go by, he can tell she knows something’s off. Hiding something from Meg is a fruitless endeavour, Cas has discovered. She’s like a short, sarcastic Columbo. And like the storied detective, she’s a master of lulling a person into a false sense of security, thinking they’ve answered all her questions, only for her to ‘just one more thing’ them and hit them with a zinger.
He’s just taken a swig of beer, eyes down on his phone, checking his texts, when he hears a familiar voice, incredulous and questioning.
“Nope, and I looked everywhere.”
“Yeah?” Cas asks as he slides his hand up under Dean’s tee shirt for a second, his touch teasing.
Christina crumbles some of the muffin into her hand and stands with her palm outstretched. A chickadee flits over from a branch, grabs a beakful and flies off.
Cas waits for her to get to the point, because there’s always a point.
Cas looks up at him.
,” Cas corrects, and Dean grins. “I teach at the University of Toronto. We’ve…”  he stops here, and visibly recalibrates as he pushes Michael out of his thoughts, “I’ve always wanted to see the northern lights, so here I am. Looks like i’m going to have a more exciting story to tell when I get back than I thought I was going to.” He smiles, thinking of Meg’s reaction. “Christmas break seemed like a good time to finally cross it off my bucket list before I go back to the States.”
with some bravado, “Dean. Welcome to the party, pal.”
. He stretches a hand out and skips to the next song on the phone, not meeting Cas’s indignant look.
“I can do it,” says Dean.
“Laugh it up, asshole. Maybe I’ll hit you with a toaster.”
Cas curses and drags Dean faster across the open expanse. There’s the sound of a gunshot, and something flies past Dean’s head like an angry wasp. He’s incredulous.
” The man is yelling at him, his breath fogging the air in front of him. Cas turns as the man tugs him along the road to the walkway of the nearest house. Cas can’t help but look behind him. The bear is moving towards them in a shambling walk that looks like it could break into a run any second now. Cas wonders if he’s actually going to crap his pants before they reach the door that’s still standing open. The man, who isn’t wearing a coat, just jeans and a henley and slippers, pulls him bodily up the porch steps and into the house, as the bear reaches the walkway. The door slams shut, and Cas lets out a breath that he definitely knew he was holding.
“My name is Issa.” She keeps her French slow so he can follow. “We don’t have time to speak now. I will talk to you in the morning. Try to sleep, you will need to be alert.” She leaves and Dean tries to do what she says.
. Dean really wants to know why a doctor is carrying a gun, but he remembers Cas’s instruction to be quiet.
“Clarence! It’s about time! We were in danger of dying from thirst,” Meg says, reaching for the bottles as Cas returns from the bar.
, Dean. Drunk spellcasting is one thing, but you’re not coming anywhere near me with scissors right now.”
“You are. And now you have a chance to tell him, to change that. You’re both alive, and Lucifer ain’t riding either one of you right now.”
The moonlight shining through the leaves shifting in the constant breeze makes a moving mosaic of the pathway. He grabs for what he thinks is the handle of the sword, but is just a short piece of wood. He throws it at the ghost, desperate to get her attention back onto himself. If she hurts Cas, Dean doesn’t know what he’ll do. She ignores it, intent on her prey.
It’s the wrong thing to say. Dean bristles at the implication that he doesn’t know what he’s doing, despite the fact that he legitimately doesn’t know what he’s doing.
Half an hour later, they pull up to a rock formation straight out of a fairy tale. A swath of badlands crossed with a Greek legend. The vast field of sandstone formations are golden brown in the afternoon light. Seamed and ridged layers are visible — remnants of when the area was the bottom of a long-dead sea, Dean thinks. They are lumpy and rounded, and hundreds of passageways are visible between the separate rock columns. Sparse grasses grow in the spaces between the rocks. Dean wouldn’t be surprised to see a minotaur emerge from one of the openings. He wants very badly to explore.
“Seriously, you have a lot of trouble drinking don’t you? I really should introduce you to Benny.” Dean’s voice is still deep and still does things to Cas, but it has a distinctly amused tone.
Cas helps Dean up and they look around. In the length of time it took for Dean and Mashaya to fight over the gun, the army has taken control. The threat of the big gun and the superior numbers of soldiers have ended the fighting. Army troops are rounding up the insurgents. Meg and Youssef are leading the girls out of the tent, Issa is with them.
but he can’t get it out. Instead, his traitor mouth starts spouting words without conscious effort.
Cas is looking a bit smitey. Two squirrels fighting over a bagel topple into the kitchen sink. Another one figures out how to open the fridge from where it’s standing on the counter. A beer tumbles out and smashes on the floor. Notch Ear starts to vibrate again.
But he finds he can’t concentrate, his attention pulled back to the booth where the dark-haired man is pouring shots for his companions. The French is fast and colloquial, Dean’s only catching every third or fourth word. Not like he’s trying to eavesdrop, it’s just that they’re loud.
Dean finds himself watching Cas’s lips. He’s got almost everything he wants, Cas is here, No more Heaven. Just here in the bunker with Dean. What is he waiting for?
The doors to the kitchen swing open and a young blonde girl comes out carrying his food and a bottle of ketchup. He thanks her before answering the question.
A memory shifts and surfaces: Cas’s attackers in Faya-Largeau yelling something about girls. He hears Youssef in his head:
Cas unwraps a square gauze bandage and presses it gently against the wound. Dean gasps. Cas takes a tee shirt out of his backpack and rips it into strips, using them to tie the bandage to Dean’s leg.
“I hope the drive down wasn’t too bad, Lucas. Bay area traffic is really crazy if you’re not used to it. Jessica said that you two had decided to drive instead of fly.” Dean grins at Cas, and it makes him even more appealing. “I can get behind that. I don’t like to fly either.” Turns out those eyes are green. Green like spring fields, like tropical lagoons, like forests and shamrocks and the creepy female M&M, and they seem to be gazing back at Cas just as intently...and what now? Why does Dean think they’re from out of town? Who’s Lucas? And who’s Jessica? Belatedly, Cas’s brain starts working again. Blessedly, before he has to formulate a reply, there’s a cry from the dance floor.
“What’s that?” Dean asks.
Dean smiles,“No, it’s okay. It’s just not midnight yet. Wait a minute.”
They weave their way through the columns, keeping the sun over their right shoulders and using the direction of the pillar shadows to navigate. They move as silently as possible, Cas motioning Dean to a stop occasionally to listen for pursuit. Mostly Dean just hears the wind, but once or twice he hears noises that could be pursuers. It’s hard to believe that less than an hour ago he was enjoying the hell out of kissing Cas, and now they’re literally running for their lives. He spares a thought for just how
Cas thinks,
“Apparently I can’t tell you how I feel, but I can show you.” Cas says, a wry smile on his face.
“Yeah, we doctors get to make our own.” Cas grins and then carefully places the needle into the skin next to the wound and injects some of the fluid. He removes it and inserts it in the skin further along the wound until the whole area feels numb. He grabs a bottle of betadine and washes the wound out. Because he can’t feel anything, Dean’s able to watch this pretty clinically. Cas covers the wound with a pad of fresh gauze and then reaches into Dean’s backpack to bring out a roll of duct tape.
“What does that mean in English? It’s something really random right? Like ‘wasp’ or ‘taxi’ or ‘bathing suit?’”
“Thousands of years of camel dung,” Cas answers.
“Dean, we checked everywhere. No hex bags, no hex coins. It’s likely it was just a run of bad luck for that high school.”
Cas stops dead at Dean’s use of the name.
Just before sunset, Dean sees a flash of movement south of the notch. It’s hard to see, as the rays of the sun sitting just above the horizon are creating a lot of shadow. Dean sits up slowly and stretches, hiding his interest as much as possible.
“I was just trying to
“How big is this place?” Dean asks.
He lies on the bed waiting for Cas to show up, and tries not to think about what they were doing the last time they were together in here. He doesn’t want to be distracted before he gets some answers. Barely ten minutes pass before Cas pushes open the door to the tent, carrying two beers.
But Cas is here now with him, Dean reminds himself, he’s going to be living in the bunker, which is the reason for the IKEA run in the first place. It hits Dean again, like a cuff to the back of the head, he’s going to be close. All the time.
, a glass of whisky already in hand, talking to perhaps the most attractive man Cas has ever seen.
“Doctor Masters is examining the girls. I’m sure she’ll be out soon.” He turns back to his gun. It’s a dismissal. Dean holds out his hands for the guard to cut the zip ties off, then walks back to the supply tent, rubbing his wrists.
, and after a moment it comes to him. He has no idea if there’s a sign for
“Painkillers knocked me out. A helicopter could have landed outside the tent and it wouldn’t have woken me.”
“I’m sorry.” Dean grimaces. “The way you told the story, I thought you’d inherited the coat.”
Dean wasn’t sure what happened after that, maybe he blacked out but he found himself curled on his side and staring at his alarm clock, the time reading 4:47 a.m. while fingers swirled indecipherable patterns up and down his bicep. He felt sated and sore but clear-headed, or at least as clear-headed as he could be covered in a sex demon’s come.
Back in the apartment, the gnawing in his stomach was more than a need for breakfast. Dean stood behind the counter, the flats of his fists pressed to the cool laminate and looked around, almost lost. The heat thunked on and with it, the unicorn balloon floated slowly from the other bedroom. Dean glanced at it before turning to the stove and putting a pan on.
“I know!” Sam’s large hands landed on Dean’s biceps and for a moment Dean could almost feel the touch. “Find Rowena. Request the inquiry.” Dean found himself turning abruptly before receiving a sharp shove between his shoulder blades.
Castiel ignored the jibe, eyes trained on Dean’s pocket. “What’s that?”
Dean chose to ignore the confession. “What does a holy sex demon want with me?”
“What like an angelic lobotomy?”
Castiel finally turned his head to the side to look at him. “You.”
“If I don’t go now, you won’t be able to resist…”
Dean froze then, taking stock of himself, and how had he not noticed the creeping tendrils of
under his breath as he stepped in.
“Oh…” He touched his throat again, noting the appreciation in his own voice with its feminine lilt, and Dean knew that sound, having pleased many women in his lifetime. He gasped as he felt a sharp tug in his lower stomach, similar to the one he got on in his balls right before he started to chub up.
“Relax, Dean.”
“In your mind. You’re there but you’re not. It’s strange,” Castiel frowned, eyes opening as he looked up at Dean. “Unnerving.” Cas’ eyes swept over his frame thoughtfully.
Dean was at the opposite end of the room, a sledgehammer in his hands, and the sight of him in a sweat-drenched t-shirt, muscles bulging as he swung hard at the wall made Castiel forget why he was mad in the first place. Until the hammer made contact and Castiel winced at the loud boom that reverberated back at him.
She gave Dean a tense smile and began to pour. “Anything for you, Winston?”
Dean extricated himself from under the hood and held up his hands, sucking in a deep breath. “Okay is there a way to turn this connection off?”
The unicorn balloon wafted over, its string trailing over the arm of the Lay-Z Boy, tickling at Cas’ whiskers so that the cat twitched awake. Dean huffed, grabbing the string and tucking it into the cushion as Cas stood and stretched before turning in a circle and flopping over, paws reaching for Dean’s shoulder. Dean started the show, turning the volume up when Cas’ purr became loud right behind his ear, wincing only every once in a while when claws broke through the fabric of his shirt as tiny paw kneaded his shoulder blade.
“And what reaction is that?” Dean crossed his arms over his chest and winced at the pressure it put on his breasts. Sam shook her head and twisted her hands on the wheel. “
Dean didn’t so much jump as his body propelled itself into the air on sheer adrenaline alone. Sparks shot from his fingers, but that was the only reaction, no busted lamps or dresser drawers dumping themselves to the floor. The feeling of being wrapped tight to the point of suffocation began to make him panic.
BUT I did get an entire sexy time-stamp when I decided it didn't work within the current arc so THAT will be coming along with the final chapter hopefully before the new year.
The low voice made everyone’s head turn in the opposite direction where at the other end of the dais in another seat lower than the rest sat - Dean blinked startled - the man from his shop.
“Sleep.”
Castiel’s chuckle was low and warm, and Dean’s hand closed over his own rigid length still clothed in his boxers, feeling the damp spot over the head. “You’ll regret that tomorrow.”
brother?
Cas gives Dean some pointers.
“Blood doesn’t determine fate.”
Dean looked up chewing, then glanced down at his mug, struggling to swallow. “I wasn’t scared! You startled me.”
The Coven requests their presence for an inquiry.
Castiel waved a disinterested hand and rolled his eyes, picking up the mug again to swallow another mouthful. Dean scooped the last of his eggs into his mouth, chewing as he dropped the plate in the sink before he crossed his arms over his chest and leaned back against the counter again, leveling his eyes on Castiel.
Dean’s heart seemed to crawl up into his throat. “What?”
a handy in the middle of town square during a children’s film
“I didn’t ever do that.”
“Wanna suck you.”
“Is this the house?” Castiel asked, leaning over it, rubbing at his eye with a closed fist.
Thank you all so much for reading, especially those that stuck with me through the long break before the final chapters. I'm not the best at responding to reviews but I promise you I see all of them and every single one brings me so much joy.
“You’re naked.”
“You wanna dance, Sammy?”
Dean’s hand slithered across Castiel’s stomach, pulling him closer. “Trick or treat, sweetheart.”
“‘ow do I get ‘er to stop screamin’?” Dean’s eyes were closed now but Castiel could see the anguish in his features, full lips pouted, a line drawn between his brow. “I’s jus’ an echo…bu’ I can’ fin’ ‘er.” Dean’s voice was growing softer as his muscles began to loosen. “‘m sorry.”
It seemed to go on forever, Dean riding back against Castiel’s face as he alternated between spearing him with his tongue and giving long, scissoring strokes with his fingers. Dean was covered in sweat, muscles trembling from the effort to hold himself up. In a moment of reprieve, Dean’s ears caught the dry rasp of flesh on flesh. He peeked over his shoulder, seeing Castiel stroking his hard length.
Castiel had already settled back against his seat, face stormy as he glared out his window, the air crackling with his displeasure. Dean felt himself wiggle closer, so they were pressed shoulder to shoulder, and Castiel’s eyes slanted towards him, unamused, but he huffed, muscles loosening as they sped through the black night.
“Apologies.” Castiel looked to his lap. “I don’t think it worked. Not entirely.” Castiel rubbed his face again.
“Apologies.”
Dean let out a humorless laugh. “Hard pass.”
“It doesn’t matter, it didn’t work.” Sam rubbed his face hard.
Dean goes before the Assembly and sees a familiar face.
Dean pressed his lips together. “What’d those winged dicks do to you?”
” Dean sang in his gravelly baritone despite the irritating burn in his lungs, and the cat seemed to freeze. “I’m
“Dean there’s a process-“
Dean counted three breaths and then, “Who are you?”
“Knock it off.” Dean reached up and snapped the burner back on, standing to drop the mess into the bin. The unicorn balloon bobbed in the air, sparkly eyes catching the light. “Don’t look at me like that. I don’t know where he is.” Dean gave a sharp gesture with his hand. “And before you start, yes, we fucked and I got the intel on what the winged dicks are after.” Dean grabbed for the bacon but it slid away from him. Dean glared at the balloon reaching again and it moved again. “Quit!” Dean lunged for it and knocked over the utensil canister, ladles and wooden spoons spilling across the stove. “Man, what the fuck is your-“
He punched the balloon again as he passed, the string coiling around his forearm, and he frowned. He contemplated the white ribbon against his tan skin. Dean looked up, head canting to the side as he took slow steps back into the bedroom, eyes on the window.
“Then it should be easier to kill.” Dean shrugged as if asking him
“Thank you, Dean.” Castiel’s voice was weak, and Dean quickly looked to his Familiar’s face, which was contorted in guilt, eyes exhausted. “I couldn’t stop it. She came in and-”
Dean's bit about Sam's pads is borrowed from Jeremy Hotz.
“I’m not
“You’re handling this well.” Castiel’s voice was muffled and Dean’s heartbeat began to pick up.
“You told him.”
Sam rubbed his face. “Because as a member of the Grand Coven you’re requesting a formal inquiry-
When Dean woke the next morning he found himself in his own bed, jeans and belt removed and curled up under the covers. His alarm read 5:11 am. The hearing was at 8. Dean shifted and his foot collided with something warm and hairy, a man’s leg. Dean rolled his eyes as he turned over and found Castiel on his stomach, the smooth expanse of his shoulder blades visible outside the covers, his face turned away towards the bathroom door. Dean laid there for a moment in the pre-dawn quiet, watching the steady rise and fall of Cas’ back, counting the constellation of freckles that dusted his skin.
“Woo gonna be chilly once the sun goes down.”
“Your boundary is extended to the property line.” Dean pocketed the envelope and tried to move to the door, but Castiel stepped in front of him.
Castiel was quiet for a moment. “I relay your progress in our training sessions and your day-to-day activities.” Castiel’s hand tightened in Dean’s hair, tugging just enough to tingle. “I express how it’s utterly impossible to predict your decisions or movements even with access to your mind.”
voted to provide assistance. The angels aren’t to be dallied with, as you well know, Mr. Winchester, and given your lack of training, we are remiss to allow someone with The Gift to be subjugated by another entity. We do request that you participate in a few basic aptitude tests.”
said yes to the devil.”
Grabbing onto the shirt with its teeth, the small cat used all of its body weight to pull the cloth backward, towards Dean. Dean watched in amusement as it was dropped on the toe of his boot, the cat sitting down on the cobblestone beside it and looking up at Dean with expectant blue eyes.
Castiel hummed again, louder this time as Dean’s hand squeezed at a shoulder blade at the same time his lips pressed a dry kiss at the base of his spine, nose nuzzling along the thin strip of skin exposed by Castiel’s shirt shifting up. Castiel gave a huff, struggling up onto his elbows and grabbing a handful of his shirt at the back of his neck, tugging it impatiently over his head and dropping back to the mattress, his arms stretched out superman style over the side of the bed in his attempt to rid it from his shoulders and arms.
“‘ey! Get away from that. It’s mine.”
to fuck
Dean’s head snapped up, hands going to cover his ears, as his name echoed around him. One blink and he was back in front of Castiel, now crowded into his personal space, blue eyes searching endlessly. Dean scrambled back.
Dean looked like a deer caught in the headlights when Castiel turned to face him again, reaching for his shirt and shrugging it on. “What? No. That’s not-“Dean looked around helplessly. “Don’t
“You offer services other than mechanics, yes?”
Castiel’s eyes were a blaze of indignation, but he gave a small dip of his head in agreement. Dean returned it, eyes holding on Castiel’s, and it was strange to feel his own anger and frustration alongside someone else’s. They were the same, but they hit different; Dean’s a roiling, uncontrollable thing that bubbled up so fast but was gone as soon as the heat was off. Castiel’s was a flash, like lightning, disappearing almost as soon as it showed itself, and one was left to wait for what followed, whether it was instant or still miles away, a low rumble or a crack so loud it felt like it could split the earth in two.
“You’re lucky I fed only this morning,” Dean thought he heard Cas murmur to himself before he released him and pressed two fingers to his temple. Then everything was dark.
Becky was hoisted up on the desk; legs wrapped tight around some guy’s waist as she moaned into his neck, hands clawing at his muscled back. The guy was railing her pretty good, pants around his ankles, naked ass only covered by the panties that dangled from one of Becky’s feet.
were different.
Lightning split the sky, hitting one of the stacks and sparks rained down on Castiel who barely even blinked. “I warned you. Underestimating-“
“Guess that’s just the demon in me.” Castiel’s eyes flashed black as he gave Zachariah a tight-lipped smile.
considered the yang to their Casters’ ying. As such, it’s relatively easy for me to absorb a burst of your power and reverse it.”
Dean covered his ears, the pressure on his eardrums, making him nauseous. He felt something shift behind his head as lightning flashed around them, and he turned his head just in time to see shadowy black feathers curling around his shoulder. A whisper of wind moved the hair at his chin, and he thought he felt feathers brush the cap of his shoulder.
Dean looked over at him, and Castiel tore his gaze away from the broom to meet the other man’s eyes. A look of understanding passed over Castiel’s face before he tipped his chin up, sucking a breath in through his nose as if steeling himself.
as it hit Dean in the shoulder blade. Dean jumped, nearly dropping the sledgehammer as he spun, brows creased in confusion until his eyes landed on Cas. Castiel was convinced that the radiant smile that broke across Dean’s face when he saw him can’t be real, but there it was, lighting up his handsome face in a way that made warmth spread through Castiel’s chest.
“What is it, Lassie? Is Timmy in the well?” Dean snarked, stepping to the sink to wash his hands, and the balloon just hung in the air, smiling its dumb cartoon smile. “Get outta the way.”
“She’s going to recover.” Dean looked up, eyes slitted with suspicion. Sam smiled. “Rowena sent word and Castiel intercepted. They’re not going to arrest you. They’ve just set another hearing.” Dean rolled his eyes but his shoulders sagged with relief. “More of an inquiry I’d guess.”
Castiel and Dean team up to interview the father of the missing girl, but Dean goes at the girl's best friend solo and discovers they may have been wrong about this case all along.
a pet. I can provide for myself. I only ask that you allow me to stay here with you.”
“He’s your familiar. He works for you.”
Dean’s eyebrows raced to his hairline, and the laugh that escaped him surprised him so much that he had to lean back against the counter to steady himself. Castiel wasn’t laughing, though his eyes seemed to dance with amusement. Dean could feel it in his own gut as if the two feelings sat side by side within him.
Castiel’s head righted itself as his expression turned sour. “You said the balloon was for your brother’s birthday.”
to him?”
“I failed my mission, a mission that wasn’t exactly sanctioned.”
“Really?!” Dean squinted at him, and Castiel shrugged, still prodding at his lip. Dean felt the roil of his stomach at Cas’ obvious guilt.
“Yeah, you love this heathen.” Dean chewed noisily. “Show should start soon.”
The balloon bumped into Dean’s shoulder, and Castiel’s eyes were drawn to it. Dean grabbed the string and began tugging it back towards the window, wrapping it loosely around a pot of basil. He could feel Castiel moving towards him as he checked the soil in each pot, knowing none of them needed water, but it was something to do.
“Do it.” Cas’ lips were parted and Dean found he couldn’t stop himself, his own hand giving himself a stroke, smearing precum down his shaft and shivering at the sensation.
” Dean inquired, cocking his head to the side, glaring back and forth between Castiel and Rowena as others on the council seemed to mumble in agreement. “I need what, now?
Cas’ strokes had turned into teasing whispers of fingertips over Dean’s searing flesh. He’d managed to shove Dean’s pants and boxers down and was tracing the seam of Dean’s leg, drawing goosebumps down his thighs. He’d never considered his hips and thighs to be an erogenous zone but the light touches made his cock jerk, precum bubbling from the head. Cas gripped him again, using his palm to gather the liquid and stroke it down his shaft, pulling a hum from Dean as he began a steady rhythm that caused Dean to rock his hips into Cas’ hand. Dean was slowly losing the battle with incoherence. It was now or never.
“I know. Cas, look at this!” Dean still holding on to Castiel’s arm, kicked things out of the way as he led Castiel carefully over to the makeshift desk Dean had made out of two sawhorses and a piece of plywood. An old blueprint was spread across it.
The balloon bumped Dean’s shoulder again, and this time he whacked it behind him with the back of his hand. “What did you say your name was?”
an inquiry. I want… retribution… or vengeance.” Dean carefully flexed his injured hand under the water and hissed. “And I want to stab that Zachariah dick in the face myself.”
Dean felt frustration emanating out at him like waves of heat. “Of course not. I was merely wondering-”
“Roll over,” Dean muttered against Castiel’s jaw and Castiel snorted, raising an eyebrow. Dean huffed. “Please?”
Dean’s eyes narrowed. “Buddy, you’re my Coven appointed babysitter.
The cat gave a trill, hopping into action and trotting down the narrow lane between the flames, tail bobbing. Without another thought, Dean followed.
“Oh I‘ve got ways of putting you to sleep,” Dean smirked at him from the other side of his half-eaten apple and Castiel actually felt himself blush, glancing around for anyone who might have heard.
Dean’s jaw fell open. “The murder of
“Do you
Dean let the smug smile curl at his lips, enjoying the frustration that tingled in his jaw, especially now that it wasn’t his own. “I don’t. Besides,” Dean nodded, eyes darting around them as he brought his mug to his lips, “I’m running a business here.” He winced as the cool coffee hit his tongue.
Castiel’s eyes had turned severe, and Dean wasn’t prepared for him to step forward. “You think it’s a coincidence that I showed up in your shop right before you were forced to take a familiar?”
“Will you scramble mine?”
“Something to help her forget.”
A smile played in Castiel’s eyes but didn’t touch his mouth. “Drive, Dean. Take me home.”
“Easy tiger,” Dean rolled his shoulders and slipped to the side, soothing his rejection with a smooth smile. “You haven’t even bought me a drink yet.”
“Uh… not guilty?”
“I-I wanted to give you the chance to tell me your side of it.” Dean held his breath as Castiel released his.
“Wait!” Dean shouted, panic washing over him in a cold rush as he felt the wet tip of Castiel’s dick prodding at his loosened hole. “No preamble just shove it in? Don’t we need lube?”
“Yes.” Dean eyed the mug next to Castiel’s hip, and Castiel followed his gaze. “I’ll drink another cup if you like, but I have no reason to lie to you.”
“Would you knock that off?” Dean grunted, trying to remove a stubborn nut. “It’s distracting.”
to be gentle then.” Castiel’s teeth sunk into the meat of Dean’s neck as his hands slid down, thumbs hooking in the waist of Dean’s boxers. He took his time, sliding them around his hips, dragging them slowly over the swell of Dean’s ass. Dean reached over his head, ripping his shirt off and Castiel took the opportunity to nip down Dean’s back, each bite making Dean jump and arch further until he had his knees gathered under him, spread wide. His erection hung heavy between his legs, the tip just barely touching the sheets, leaving wet trails. Castiel was pressing soft, dry kisses along the breadth of Dean’s shoulder blades.
“Yeah, well she might as well be,” Dean grumbled, hands clenching in his pockets.
Then Dean himself, on his back and gazing up with a look of pure bliss painted across his features and Castiel’s knowledge that he put it there was more pleasurable than anything physical could ever be. Seeing Zachariah and the blond again was like being doused in cold water after that, his body restrained and panicked, one thought pulsing outward like a radio signal.
“m’ brother’s.” Dean felt the balloon drift into his shoulder. He twisted his mouth to the side and let out a short puff of air that pushed it away from him. “Help you?”
It was a little past nine when Dean realized his steady workflow had yet to be interrupted by the arrival of his daytime clerk. He checked his watch again, just to make sure he hadn’t read it wrong, but it was indeed nearly half an hour after her usual arrival time. Becky was a bit of a ditz with a serious lack of boundaries, but she was a hard worker and had never once been late or taken a day off without calling ahead of time.
Castiel frowned when Dean stopped but the feeling of his fingers pinching at the waistband of his underwear soothed him, lifting his hips to aid Dean in ridding him of the last of his clothes. Large warm palms skimmed up his thighs and parted to run up over his hips, deliberately avoiding where Castiel wanted them most.
“So what are you telling them?”
want to be left
“No, not… not that. Um, are you… like… okay?” Dean shifted, reaching between his legs to adjust himself, tucking his erection into the waistband of his boxers.
Castiel blinked again. “Yes.”
to me?”
“Yes,” Castiel’s eyes dropped from Dean’s to his chest, hand reaching out to finger the hem of Dean’s t-shirt. “Incubi and Succubi survive on sexual energy.” Fingertips swept the space between Dean’s hipbones and he clutched the edge of the vanity hard, feeling his knees weaken. “Lust is like an appetizer.”
Sorry for the delay in updates. I'm currently working my way through the ending of this. Thank you for sticking with me!
Dean huffed, frustrated in more ways than he was willing to admit. “Look, I can’t play Harry Potter with you all day. I gotta work.”
“You can just fuck him because you like him, ya know? That’s a thing people do.”
Dean didn’t know how much time had passed, but he came to consciousness suddenly, a deep gasp tearing from his throat, his eyes wide as he stared into the shadowed dark. His breath came out in a cloud, and he gave a hard shiver as a gust of wind moved through his hair, but that was impossible. He was sitting on the floor near the foot of his bed, the threadbare rug under one palm while he struggled to hook his elbow onto his knee as he sat up. He was looking out over the dirt lot that butted up to the parking lot of the garage where he kept the project cars - junkers he or someone else might want to fix up someday. The scattered treetops beyond the fence surrounding it were now devoid of leaves and loose branches, the clear night sky stretching above in an infinity of stars. The entire wall and half the roof was gone.
Cas comes back but he's not the same. Dean grapples with the realization that he could've lost Cas for good.
“Vene-whos-it?” Dean glared over his shoulder, finding Castiel with his hands folded on the countertop, face set in mild determination.
Castiel sucked his bottom lip into his mouth as they turned to face the front again, his shoulders slumping a bit. Cato lifted his hand, a casual gesture, and Rowena huffed, pushing her hand into the air reluctantly.
Dean offered Castiel a beer as they climbed the narrow staircase to Dean’s rooms above the garage. Castiel declined, requesting tea instead, and Dean fought the roll of his eyes, the door opening with a gentle push of Dean’s mind. It was a long, narrow space, the living area blending into a kitchenette, with cased openings on either side to access a back hallway. Two doors, in shadow but still visible on either side of the kitchenette, one open revealing the foot of a bed, the other closed. The unicorn balloon hovered over the plentiful herb garden occupying what was traditionally the dining space, the window a black square in a whitewashed wall.
Dean gave a short nod before he jerked his head, an order for Castiel to follow him. Dean kept his body between Castiel’s and Becky’s as they passed, but both had their heads down. They were able to get through the garage and outside without incident, then up the back stairs to Dean’s apartment.
Dean’s head snapped up as his name echoed around him. The pot was gone, burner off but he smelled smoke and looked up at the ceiling, watched the pinprick of black in the drywall grow as it was eaten away by flames.
Dean snorted, gripping himself at the base and giving Cas’ hole a tap that made the Familiar gasp and try and press back. Dean’s mind flicked to the lube in his bedside drawer and Cas’ hand flew back, gripping the one Dean had on his hip, keeping Dean’s skin pressed to his. Dean nudged forward, the head sinking in and Dean nearly lost it, all higher brain function gone.
Dean’s eyes widened, giving his head a sharp shake, grumbling something about never getting used to that. He went back to work, trying to ignore the fact that he was being watched and how his airways were slowly clogging up or closing, but something kept niggling at him. The cat’s tail was twitching where it curled around its feet, an irritating motion that kept activating his primal instinct to look for danger.
Dean sucked in a great breath, the hands on his arms releasing him as he face-planted into a hard chest, strong arms wrapping under his and lifting him off his feet. It was instinct for his legs to wrap around the waist, one arm going under Dean to support his weight, the hot skin of a palm searing against Dean’s thigh as it gripped to hold him in place. Dean’s arms scrambled around bony shoulders, chin tucking over to gasp great, deep breaths, and his heart felt like it was trying to escape his body.
in front of him, crossing his arms over his chest. “Oh, is that all?”
Dean felt the tension right away as if something were being wrenched from his throat, like the time he’d been intubated after the car crash that killed his father. The words seemed to fling themselves at the window of his mind, going
“You’re alright.”
“Hey! Earth to Dean! Knock it off. Let’s go!” Sam shouldered her bag, and Dean winced, shoulders curling in. Every chastisement he’d ever received from a date or girlfriend ran through his head, and this was just
birthday is in January.”
“Fuck, Dean.” Cas’ rolled a shoulder, squirming and Dean did it again, rubbing slow circles until Cas was mewling, his head resting on his hands.
a girl. Is this really the time to be discussing my sex life?”
“Well,” Rowena began with a great breath, her aura buzzing with displeasure. “Gentlemen, I hope that this proves to be a valuable kinship.”
“Buy me a drink, Cas?” Dean fluttered his lashes, and Castiel’s focus was entirely on him, eyes locked as he lifted a casual hand in the air.
Cas accommodated by sprawling onto his back, tucking one arm under his head as his other elbow planted on the pillow to allow his hand to comb through Dean’s hair. Dean blinked up at him.
And suddenly Dean was alone, dizzy and breathless. Well, he thought he was alone until he sneezed and realized there was a pile of clothes at his feet. He watched dazed, as the small black cat trotted around the kitchen island and hopped up into Dean’s recliner. He turned in a circle before laying down and promptly fell asleep.
Silence followed her statement. Dean looked from her to the rest of the council, to the sorcerers behind him, and then back. “So…”
“Relax,” Castiel purred and Dean felt his eyelashes brush against the base of his spine as Cas grabbed handfuls of his ass, squeezing hard as he pulled his cheeks apart.
trippy.
“Maybe they’re Sam’s.”
“OK, showtime,” Dean says, easing off the tall stool. “Cas, you take a stroll through the lobby and the kitchen, I’m gonna check the dining room and gallery and then catch up with you.”
Still don't know what for
! I was stopping the squirrel from chasing off your birds.”
Dean looks at the iPhone like it’s a cursed object. What would Phil Collins do? He’d say something. He’d let Cas know how he feels.
. “I know we haven’t spent much time together, but I want to give this a chance, Dean. This…whatever it is between us. I want to give it a chance to work. I think it can be something good.”
No. Stop. Really bad idea. Summoning some inner strength, Dean turns and leans away, ostensibly to press his ear to the door. He swears he hears Cas make a small disgruntled sound when he steps out of Cas’s personal space.
They get to the convention centre and part ways. Claire is meeting up with someone in the exhibit room before going to Cas’s talk, and Cas heads off to the room 117 where a poster on an easel says: Advances in Mineral Systems Modelling of Ni-Cu-PGE and Gold. It’s still an hour until his presentation and he sits in a chair at the back of the room making notes as the other speakers present.
“Okay, that’s good.”
“Apparently you do, Cas,” Meg says, and takes pity on him by not pressing further, instead patting his hand and then catching the waiter’s eye and asking for the cheque.
fucking patronize me, I drank you under the table at the Bucket, remember? I’m a doctor, so they’re not going to hurt me.” She stops and considers for a moment, “Probably.”
Cas grimaces. “That was my fault, I think. I asked too many questions in Aozi. There were some Boko Haram there who didn’t like me asking about the girls, figured I was too nosy. Mashaya sent men after me, either to get rid of me or just scare me off. They probably followed us from camp that morning. You were collateral damage. Wrong place at the wrong time.” Cas reaches across and takes Dean’s hand. “If it’s any consolation, I feel way worse about that than I do about kicking you.”
be Leo in that scenario, seeing as how it was me the bear was after.”
“I don’t hear Tamara anymore. I think we’re good. Come on.” Dean eases open the door and Cas sighs and pushes past Dean out of the supply closet. Full-contact press of six foot of muscular angel dragging across him has Dean swallowing and trying to control his unruly body that just wants to yank Cas back against him. They stand for a moment in the cold hallway. Well, it probably isn’t cold, Dean thinks, it’s just not the warm delicious feeling of being pressed up against Cas. Dean feels his mouth open and a suggestion that they go back into the supply closet and continue their conversation about to break from his lips.
“What else?”
, he reminds himself. They clean up their meal and Dean follows Cas as he heads to a trail leading up one of the walls of the canyon.
Dean puts his pack in the back and climbs into the jeep, a little self-conscious in his shorts and boots. He feels like he belongs on one of Alex’s kids’ shows, the one with the lemur. Cas looks at him over his aviators, smiling appreciatively.
They head back to Chez Elyse for breakfast, and while the other three linger over their tea, Dean excuses himself and goes looking for the medical clinic and Cas. He finds the former, a whitewashed building on the square, and the universal antiseptic smell assails his nostrils as he walks through the door. In careful French, he asks the Chadian doctor he meets inside if he can speak to Dr. Novak.
Sam had rolled his eyes, “Yeah, like that’s going to work.”
) and squeezes her arm. He climbs the steps onto the porch and follows Dean inside.
“Of course, Mother,” Cas says.
“Cas —”
“Can we go in there?” he asks Cas.
Dean waits another minute, and then cuts down the same passageway he’d come through. If Cas is heading back to the guest quarters, Dean wants to be back there to find out what the fuck is going on.
Dean pays for the cab over Cas’s protests, “Expense account.” They are deep in discussion about the ore models while they climb the stairs to the second-floor hallway where Cas’s office is. Cas is just unlocking his door when Meg comes out of the photocopier room a couple of doors down, a stack of paper in her arms.
“What are you smiling at, boy?”
He heads towards the restrooms, but as soon as he’s out of sight of the woman, he ducks down a hallway marked “Authorized personnel only.” Large swinging doors at the end of the hallway open into a cavernous room filled with giant stainless steel tanks. A sharp fruity aroma fills the air. No one’s there. Not man, nor mouse, nor shojo. Dean giggles to himself imagining opening the spigot on one of those tanks and drinking wine right from the faucet.
“Sam also told me that putting together IKEA furniture is fun, it’s a like a jigsaw puzzle for adults.”
“The Roman writer Frontinus—when he wasn’t writing about aqueducts—wrote about the use of carrier pigeons by Julius Caesar. There was a columbarium in Rome that housed over five thousand pigeons. Though I suppose some of them ended up on dinner plates.”
“”Cas...” the tone is cajoling, Michael’s specialty, “I love you.”
It suddenly gets awkward. Neither of them are speaking, Cas hazards another swig from his bottle and sighs. “I’m sorry about how I acted. I’m sorry I ran away. It wasn’t anything you did. I was getting over Michael, a long-term relationship, and you were the first person I had...got close to since we broke up. I didn’t know how to handle that so I panicked and I ran. Like a coward.”
He goes back through the doors into the hallway, stopping as he hears loud voices. It’s Tamara and she’s arguing with someone. Dean looks around. The voices are getting closer.
He soldiers on, “That’s better because I can tweak the parameters and you can see how that changes the model in three dimensions.”
“Come
He can hear engines starting up, they must be almost finished stripping the camp of goods, so going to see if he can spring Meg is out of the question. The admin tent is a better target anyway. He creeps closer to the entry of the parking area as the armed man leaves the passageway and heads for the vehicles. But he moves too soon. Mashaya looks over and Dean instinctively ducks out of sight, but it’s too late, he’s been seen. Mashaya barks an order in clipped Arabic, and the insurgent turns and comes back into the passageway, gun pointing at Dean, and ushers him out into the open area.
Cas looks at Dean’s hands, now out of his pockets, cold and pale.
He pulls the package across the table. Shredding the paper around the tape, he pulls it off and finds four square knit...things. They’re slightly smaller than washcloths and each has a small loop stitched to one corner. They’re olive green and made of some cottony kind of yarn.
Dean climbs down the ladder, hands cold and stiff from the screwdriver and the rungs of the aluminum ladder.  He stops and watches the headlights coming up the drive.
him. Not half an hour ago, talking with one of the soldiers, while the others were ransacking the supply tent.” He stops and sighs. “I didn’t want to believe it either, Meg.” She looks up, surprised at the misery that’s crept into his voice.
It’s full dark now. The pool is illuminated by two recessed underwater lights, but that’s not what Dean’s noticing now. There’s a blue glow underwater. A glow that’s coming from Cas and suffusing the water of the pool, moving in tendrils across the bottom of the pool towards the other side.
Cas looks at him thoughtfully, and nods. “I just need to go get a few things.” He’s back in a couple of minutes with some plastic bags and tape.
“Do you want it to be?” Cas counters.
“What kind of loser falls for a one night stand, Meg?” he asks, helplessly.
Dean cuts him off with a snarky, “Wow Cas. Tell me how you
“Who was that you were talking to?” Dean asks, aiming for casual.
“Stop wrecking my heartfelt speech.” He’s brave enough now to reach out and touch Dean, trailing his fingers down Dean’s arm before holding his hand. “And I still couldn’t tell you how I felt, and had to lure you back to my office like some kind of creepy old guy asking you back to see my etchings.”
Meg finds him in his tent a few minutes later. He hugs her tightly for a long moment.
Cas reaches over him and turns the shower head so the water isn’t hitting Dean in the face anymore. He feels Cas run his hand through his hair, getting rid of the suds, and directing the water to rinse it. Dean opens his eyes. Cas has shed his tee and shorts and is crouching over him in wet boxers.
Seeing as he’s already a hostage, there’s no reason to lie about himself now. “I’m Dean Winchester. I’m an engineer for Exxon.”
“I know. I’ve regretted it ever since it happened,” Cas says.
“Got it. Staying in the courtyard.” And he does. At first. He goes and sits on the bench next to the fountain. It’s dark in the courtyard, the moon’s past full and waning. He can pick out Ursa Major and Ursa Minor. He’s looking at the north star when he hears it: shouting coming from the other side of the courtyard wall. Dean gets up and goes to the open gateway. He hears shouting again, a ways down the narrow, walled-in street. It’s Arabic mostly, a word or two of French. Two men are yelling.
Cas looks down. “Embarrassment, mostly. I didn’t want to get found out.” He looks back up into Dean’s eyes, “and I wanted everything to go well for you on your wedding day.”
“Sam told me that it's a rite of passage for everyone over the age of eighteen to put together  IKEA furniture from scratch. And I'm going to do this right, which means following the instructions.”
“Dean, stop!” Cas twisted underneath him, spitting out snow and laughing at the same time. Dean was suddenly transfixed, staring down at Cas, unable to drag his gaze away from Cas’s eyes. Cas fell silent, looking up at Dean. Dean swallowed and suddenly it was too much. He jumped up and made a show of brushing the snow off his clothes with his hands. Cas got up slowly and stood, watching him.
5. Place new items outside the tank for your fish to investigate.
He snatches it away before she can grab it. “Slow your roll, Joanna Beth. Where are we going?”
“What about you?” Dean pulls the door shut behind them and they walk down the corridor to the lobby of the auberge.
“Well, if you don’t see any around, then it’s working.” She collapses in a pile of giggles and Dorothy hauls on her elbow to make sure she doesn’t fall off the seat.
“You knew a guy.” Cas raises an eyebrow.
Thoughts of Cas keep him awake.
. Dean struggles for a less lame metaphor. Like a fire (
“You’re glad?” Dean asks.
“You think I haven’t used chopsticks before, Cas?” He knows he’s being a dick, but he can’t help it. He can hear the tone jump immediately into his voice. The same one he got when Cas questioned whether he’d packed the dead man’s blood in the Impala’s trunk the last time they’d headed out after vampires in upstate New York; the one that means
“Not now. Be as quiet as you can.”
“Kevin! Hey, you look good. Definite upgrade from the coffee maker.”
“Dean,” Cas struggles to stop coughing, grabbing the cocktail napkin he’d been given with his beer and cleaning up as best he can. “What are you doing here?” It comes out weird and accusing and Cas wishes he could take it back or at least change the tone.
“Worst first date ever.” Dean mumbles, and as he drifts off he thinks he feels lips brushing his forehead.
“But you know Dean?” Cas asks, suddenly hopeful.
“It’s their mating season. They need to mate and lay eggs while the spring water levels are still high, before the summer heat dries everything up. Female frogs assess the quality of a male through the nuances of his call. Male frogs decide whether or not to fight based on the sound of another male's call. Think of it like a giant frog singles bar outside the bunker.”
He can hear Sam cursing behind him, but he’s already out of the den and through the door from the bunker to the garage. He gets the ladder down from the hook on the garage wall, opens the big garage door and puts the ladder outside before going back in for the box of lightbulbs and a screwdriver. It’s snowing again. He’s up on the ladder screwing the cover of the light back on when he hears a car turn off the road and into the driveway.
of squirrels. There are squirrels on the counter. There are squirrels rooting around in the open pantry. One drags the bag of bread across the counter from where Cas had left it next to the toaster. And in the middle of the kitchen floor, one squirrel (
But Christina’s seen Dean’s face. There’s no power in the universe that could make her third-wheel these two.
He’s moving down Dean’s body deliberately slowly, licking over his collarbone, using his tongue to circle his nipple. Dean moans as Cas bites down softly and then soothes it with his tongue. Cas’s lips move lower, sliding over the smooth warm skin of Dean’s stomach, following the trail of golden hairs that lead south from his navel. He grasps Dean’s cock, it’s hot and hard, tip slick and sliding against his palm. He leans down again and licks him, slow and wet.
Dean stands there bemusedly as Cas carefully fits them over his hands. He looks up at Dean, snowflakes caught on eyelashes over endlessly deep blue eyes. Dean is drowning in them.
Cas finishes his meal and leaves some bills on the bar to cover it and a tip. He thanks Ellen and wishes her a good day. Out in the lobby, he’s heading for the stairs to his room when the blonde girl who’d brought him his burger motions him over to where she’s sitting on the lobby couch.
Dean and Cas wait until they’re out of sight before heading back themselves. It’s hard to see now, the sun is below the horizon, and the snow looks indigo in the twilight. They make towards the lights of the spa.
The PDAC rolls around, and Cas finishes his presentation, tweaks the PowerPoint slideshow, and chooses some small rock samples to bring along. Meg, once again sitting up on his desk next to where he’s trying to work, suggests he start off his talk with a joke.
“And you’ve killed many, many scary monsters before without calling me ‘babe’: vampires, werewolves, wraiths...” Dean’s sure the only thing stopping Cas from ticking them off on his fingers is the wad of jacket lining he’s got pressed to his chest. “Kitsunes, vetala, arachnes,” he continues. “Wendigoes, ghouls, rawheads…”
Youssef moves towards the door and spits into the courtyard. “He’s not a desirable person to be seen with,” he says in French-accented English.
Another newly formed squirrel bounds away from Notch Ear and runs out of the kitchen towards the den. Dean is uncomfortably reminded of Mickey Mouse in the Sorcerer’s Apprentice. “Yeah, about that,” he rubs the back of his neck and refuses to meet anyone’s eyes. “I used the last of the rat fur in the storage room for the spell.”
They walk through twisting streets in a strangely comfortable silence, passing women in long robes with babies strapped to their chests, and army troops in sand-coloured camo. The market is smaller than the ones in Faya-Largeau and Abéché, fewer stalls with fewer goods for sale, a couple of skinny chickens scratching around on the ground. They turn a corner and Cas leads him to a gate in the mud brick wall. Right beside the open gate is an abandoned bucket from an excavator, the size of a large wash tub, once painted yellow, but now mostly scoured by sand to a dull rust colour. There is no sign of the rest of the machine.
This short blond guy who’s now busy peeling the wrapper from a candy bar and regarding him with open amusement must be a relative of Cas’s.
A third voice joins them. “Fuck! Stop, goddammit!” A gravelly voice. A familiar voice.
The now-familiar cyclone feeling disorients him for a moment and he finds that he and Jo are watching Past Dean and Cas, dressed in FBI clothes, in the Sheriff’s Department in Waterville, Maine.
. Dean, I know you have feelings for me. You prayed a lot to me when I was gone. It colored your prayers. I know that you love me. I
“Do you need anything else, or do you just want to sleep?” Cas asks.
“Cas?” Dean calls. Nothing but the soft sighing of the incessant desert wind through the maze.  “CAS!” Dean calls, louder. He turns and starts to retrace his steps. He’s further into the labyrinth than he thought. Scanning the ground for footprints in the thin layer of sand over stony ground, he’s starting to feel uneasy. He picks up speed, recognizing the shape of one of the columns he passed on the way in, like a hunched old woman pulling a hood close over her head, and makes towards it. His heart is starting to hammer in a very unpleasant fashion.
is that racket?” Dean sits up in bed so suddenly that Meredith, Cas’s cat, goes skittering off their bed and regroups at the door, giving Dean the evil eye before stalking out of the room and down the bunker’s hallway.
Dean’s heart hurts.
Dean is feeling the beer. They’ve eaten some bread and cheese while they’ve been drinking, but not enough to stop the buzz that Dean’s got going. Peter and Meg are arguing good-naturedly about which village they were in when a goat ate Peter’s paperback copy of
. “Uh, we’ve bumped into each other a couple of times over the last week or so.”
“You must miss him a lot,” Dean says, “When did he pass away?”
“Yeah, well, what can I say, it's kind of a gift.” The tone is snarky and Dean smiles in spite of himself. Trench Coat is charming in his own way.
. In retrospect, Cas is amazed that his first reaction is wonder. It’s beautiful, its ivory coat shining in the street light, its dark eyes and nose a striking contrast.
, you idiot. The original. By Charles Dickens? Seven Hells, Dean. Do you even read?
“Sooner or later people are going to realize that we are not Gabe and Lucas. And getting thrown out of here would really be the cherry on top of a pretty shitty day.”
“Took you long enough,” he says to Cas as they get closer and then shifts his gaze to her, “Hey, Christina.”
“We’re not the only ones here.” Cas says, stepping back.
“Cas?” Dean’s voice is hesitant. “If you don’t want to…”
A sand-coloured armoured vehicle with a front-mounted gun is coming up the dry river bed towards the camp, followed by four or five jeeps. The insurgents start shooting back at the army cars. The big gun on the armoured vehicle fires and the oil drums next to the kitchen tent erupt in a fountain of oil.
