“No, no. I mean…not family. Not brothers. Not my best friend.” He breathes out. “You are my best friend, obviously. But I also love you.”
The doctor tells Cas that he’s all set, prescribed some pain meds, and soon enough he’s sitting up in his bed, burger in hand, looking so fucking human.
They sway there for a moment, looking at each other contentedly, Cas listens to the music, but the lyrics are background noise as he focuses on Dean’s face being so close to his own. Dean is smiling softly, and Cas smiles too. After a few minutes, Dean’s hand presses on Cas’ back gently, and he moves forward, bringing them closer.
The next few days are still tense, but not with anger. Dean seems to have realized that an emotional boundary was crossed and Cas has realized it too. Dean isn’t ignoring him anymore, for which he’s glad, and he values spending time with Dean, even if every glance sets his heart on fire.
There’s a payphone less than a block away and he only has the perfect amount of quarters for one call, so he punches in the number for one of the Winchester’s work phones, the only one he can recite from memory, it’s Dean’s. It rings.
Dean doesn’t go a single day without praying to Cas. He knows Cas can’t hear him. He knows it’s kind of hopeless, but he has to. So he prays to Cas whenever something interesting happens. He prays to Cas when nothing interesting is happening. He prays to Cas after nightmares and before nightmares.
So his dad knew then. Or suspected at least, and now Dean had to do this case. It wasn’t a sign of trust, it was a warning. That this isn’t in the cards for him. And if he ever were to give in, if he ever were to be like this, he’ll end up just like these nuns.
When the empty goes, it goes quickly, with a disgusting slurping sound and Dean looks up, teary eyes wide and horrified. Cas is still there looking dumbfounded.
“Cas? Eileen called.” Sam says through the door, he opens it before Cas responds, taking in Dean’s room. They’ve both been in here. But while Sam would rather lock it away, Cas wants to soak in it forever.
this was a long one, sorry it took so long, also I've decided to add a 7th chapter to really wrap things up nicely :)
Dean will lay across the backseat while Sam drives the impala back to the bunker, whispering prayers to Jack and blinking through burning eyes.
Maybe it was selfish of him to want someone who so clearly isn’t ready for this, but Cas is tired of being selfless. Like he told Dean, they could both use some selfishness on the grand scale. Cas thinks Dean is pretty grand. And maybe he’s wrong. Maybe Dean is ready.
Another moment passes with them simply looking at each other. Cas feels open, his soul ready to be bared. Not completely, never completely, he learned that from Dean, but Cas knows who he is. He’s an angel, even when he’s human. He’s moved mountains and rebuilt the world. He’s fought unimaginable evils. He is a warrior, a leader, albeit a bad one at times, he is strong, and his love for Dean only strengthens him. But tonight he feels brittle. Tonight, he looks at Dean and aches for comfort, aches to feel loved as strongly as he loves. He had been able to push it away as an angel, he felt it, but he could control his reactions to it. As a human, his heart never stopped stuttering out of his control, his face flushed, his grin uncontained.
The drive is quiet and Cas looks at Dean hesitantly, unsure of what Dean is thinking or feeling, or what his next move is going to be and Dean feels guilty for leaving him in the dark. He looks at Cas openly, trying to tell him without praying or saying it out loud, that he’s angry, but that it’s okay. He’s not sure Cas understands. He’s still not sure what he’s supposed to do now.
“Fuck, Cas. It’s reciprocated!” Dean says, his eyes desperate, one arm out like he’s presenting himself, finally, for someone else to look at honestly. “It’s reciprocated. You would have died and I wouldn’t have gotten to fucking tell you.”
“You take care of yourself too, alright? You’re always welcome here if you need anything.” Dean promises her. She smiles at that and Dean is glad that some people ended up with their normal happy life.
“Are you alright?” Dean asks and Cas nods, looking tense and in pain. “Come on, man, what can we do?”
Dean stares at Cas, shocked, and barely seconds have passed before Cas is pulling his arm away from Dean.
When they get back it’s past dinner and they all shower and clean up which means it’s late by the time they’re all settled, but Dean cooks a meal anyway, calling Jack from his room and they all eat at ten pm together.
“I’m basically human, Dean. I’m human in every other way there is to be human. I eat, I sleep, I drink, I desire, I love. I don’t want to outlive my family. I don’t want to hear the voices of the few angels I haven’t gotten killed in my head. I don’t want to be hunted for my grace.”
Sam doesn’t look in the backseat, but Cas does, just to make sure, and all he finds is a large bloodstain that Dean would probably have cried over. A stain on his baby? Cas looks at Sam, who grimaces and starts the car.
He sits at the table with the third or fourth or fifth beer of the night and he pulls out his wallet, which really is a sad excuse for a wallet, but there’s a pocket knife in one of the pockets and he taps it on the table a few times, considering. Then he flips it open and scratches ‘Castiel’ into the table next to the rest of their names. It feels off, because Cas didn’t write it himself. Or maybe because Castiel isn’t ‘Castiel’ anymore, he’s just ‘Cas’. But he is ‘of god’. Not in relation to Chuck… he’s just… divine. Godly and powerful and divine in every sense of the word.
It took three people and almost an hour of wandering the halls of the building before he ended up tapping on the open door of a small office shoved in a corner at the end of a quiet hallway. The woman behind the desk looked up at him, short blonde hair and round glasses with a thin silver frame, her skin dark and smooth. She ran her eyes up and down him, and he had a second of feeling self-conscious before he realized that the look was appreciative rather than judgemental, and relaxed into a familiar slouch, a flirtatious smile already tugging on the corner of his mouth by the time her gaze returned to his face.
“I haven’t been able to get a hold of Dad in months,” he said, voice flat, and Jim nodded. That had been as much as Dean had been able to get out on the phone, but it hadn’t even been new information, Dean having called him months ago asking him to let Dean know if he heard from John at all. Dean shook his head. “He just disappeared, didn’t even tell me where he was going to be. He could have been hunting anything, could be anywhere.” When Dean glanced up, Jim’s expression was so carefully sympathetic that it made his chest hurt, made his eyes skip away to stare at the rows of drying herbs hanging in the window. “I went to get Sam,” he said, keeping his eyes on the plants even as he saw Jim shift in surprise out of the corner of his eye. “It’s dumb but I thought… I don’t know, I thought he might be able to help? He’s– he was always smarter than me.”
“I’m the witch,” he said. “My name is Rian O'Siodhachain, and I was born in Carrignavar, Ireland, 130 years ago.”
“Yeah,” Sam said around the half-chewed bread still in his mouth, before he swallowed, still annoyed. “And I crossed half the country, on nothing more than a first name, and made the kill.” Merihem rolled her eyes.
– and then, just as quickly as it had started, it ended. He blinked up at the cement of the ceiling, his brain fighting with the sudden lack of pain just as much as it had been fighting to think through it. He could open his eyes completely, he realized, and his breaths were no longer wet and shrinking. He blinked again, and a face came into view, familiar blue eyes the first thing to narrow into focus, and Dean realized where he had heard that voice before.
“Poor Dean,” the demon said, “lost your little baby brother.” Its voice was mocking, and the smile on its face had Dean fighting the urge to grind his teeth together as it spoke. “Only had one job, look after little Sammy. Couldn’t even do that right. No wonder your Daddy left you. Probably couldn’t stand to look at your face anymore, knowing what a fuckup you were.” Dean tried not to react, even as something deep in his gut twisted, the voice that lived somewhere in the back of his mind whispering at him.
“The girls shouldn’t be alone,” Ryan said. He was looking at Chrissy, smiling at her in a way that was probably meant to be reassuring, but was itself too nervous to really do the job. “I’ll come with you Chrissy,” he said.
Dean felt a chill like ice wash through his veins, his heart immediately pounding in his ears. He took a slow breath in through his nose, fighting the urge to react to that, to turn and grab the man and shake him until he told him where John was. Fighting to keep calm, to not reveal to this stranger that he didn’t know where his own father was.
“Fine,” Sam said, voice as hard and smooth as glass. “If you won’t tell me, I guess I’ll just shoot all of you to be sure.” He slid his finger onto the trigger, solidified his stance, and–
, and the thought was sharp with bitterness. Bobby stood, heading towards the inside of the house. “I pulled some books this morning,” he said as he held the door open. “There’ll be something in one of them that’ll help us find your daddy and your brother.” Dean didn’t say anything, just followed after Bobby into the warm interior. He glanced around as he stepped through the devil’s trap Bobby had painted on the ceiling, but as with the property outside, while the piles of books, weapons, and bottles had almost certainly shifted and changed over the years, it somehow managed to also look exactly the same as it had the last time he’d been there. On the old wooden desk that was probably at least as old as Bobby was a stack of worn books, some of them seeming to only be held together through sheer determination, a few with actual duct tape, which would probably make whatever Benedictine monk hand wrote it die on the spot if they could see it now. Bobby headed towards the desk, nodding towards the low stained couch against the wall as he did so. “Make yourself comfortable,” he said, and Dean let himself sink down into the familiar piece of furniture, the springs groaning in protest beneath him, depositing his still mostly-full beer on one of the few free inches of space on the coffee table in front of him.
“Sam’s not dead,” Bobby said. “If he was dead the whole map would have burned. I can show you, look, stand up.” Dean dragged himself to his feet, legs shaking beneath him as he let Bobby guide him back to the table. He stood, numb and disconnected, feeling like he was standing somewhere left of himself as he watched Bobby mix up another batch of herbs. He only registered that Bobby had said his name when the other man hit his shoulder, drawing Dean’s attention back to him. “Do you remember Ian? The hunter from Virginia with the wood–.”
“Hey Alex, it’s Dean. Again. I’m gonna be in town in half an hour, fucking call me.” Dean ended the call with a harsh jab at the button. He couldn’t say it was unlike Alex to just drop off the map, but it was unusual for him to do it in the middle of a hunt, much less a hunt where he’d been the one to call Dean and ask him to come down and help him out. The last time he’d spoken to him had been when he’d stopped for lunch the day before in San Marcos, and he’d told Dean then that he was just going to stick to doing research until Dean got there, so he couldn’t have gotten into
“Fine,” Kyle said, having watched the whole thing with crossed arms and a stormy expression. “So you’re here to hunt ghosts, great. That still doesn’t answer the question of why all the doors just fucking disappeared.” The group shifted, nervous, glancing around at each other. Sam mentally cursed them for not having done even a minute of research, before taking a deep breath and breaking the tense silence.
Dean had intended to finish his food before making his rounds of the room, but it turned out he didn’t get the chance, a heavy body settling into the stool next to his after only a few minutes. Dean turned to look at the stranger now sitting next to him. The man didn’t seem at all put off by either Dean’s glare or the way his cheeks were puffed out with half-chewed food, just offered his hand.
“¿Cómo está el tuyo, viejo?” Dean replied, and fought the urge to smile when Bobby glared back at him. He turned back to his stack of books, muttering something about respect and kids these days, and Dean turned his attention back to the book in his hands instead. The cover had a crudely drawn pentagram on it, and when he opened it he saw that the entire thing was handwritten by someone who apparently had only the loosest grasp on what shape latin letters should be. Sighing, Dean hooked his beer off the table before letting himself sink further back into the couch.
The bartender squinted at the phone before finally nodding, his face still the same disinterested blank mask that it had been ever since Dean had arrived.
. He’d probably gone maybe a couple hundred meters, and there was still at least five miles to go until he would breach the treeline proper. Gritting his teeth, he put his head down and forced his legs to keep moving, keep pushing forwards, snow churning around his thighs. He’d had his arms hanging loose along his sides when he’d started walking, but as he kept moving, kept pushing forward, he found himself raising them to hug around himself, tucking his hands into his armpits in a hopeless attempt to keep the wind from penetrating his skin, needling down to his bones. He supposed he should be grateful that he’d been provided with as much protection as he had been – the boots were warm, and dry, and he’d been allowed two pairs of thick wool socks. Long johns, jeans, and a waterproof shell protected his legs from the worst of the wind, while a heavy sweater layered over a long-sleeved undershirt and under the heavy parka protected his torso and arms. The mittens over his hands were warm as well, and lined with fur, though he was already dreading needing to take them off later. He found himself wishing for a hat or snow goggles, but quickly dismissed the thought.
. He glanced over at the dead man whose legs Alex’s body was still partially crumpled over to see that a civilian had approached while he’d been busy inspecting Alex, a woman who was now kneeling in the pool of blood, headless of what it was doing to her dress. Her hands hovered nervously above the man as if she couldn’t decide whether she should touch or not, and she was crying, silent and soft but shaking with it all the same.
, “but the bullet didn’t react, which means it's one of you instead. So, which one of you is it?” There was a long silence, broken only by the sound of crying. Sam swallowed. “Tell me, or I’ll just kill you all,” he finally said. Chrissy began crying harder, and Kyle had given up all pretense of looking anything other than terrified.
“Yeah Bobby, I kno–” Dean started, but Bobby abruptly turned away from him, starting up the chant again, and oh.
“Wait!” Ryan shouted, pushing his way in front of Kyle, hands raised. “It’s me, don’t kill them, it’s me. I’m the witch.” Sam looked him up and down, considering.
“Once more unto the breach,” she said with a smile, and Sam laughed, the sound only a little bit bitter.
Dean had checked John’s journal after he’d hung up the phone, just in case, but wasn’t surprised when he wasn’t able to find anything in there by that name. John had only been to Mexico on a handful of cases, and even then, mostly sticking to the north-west part of the country – Dean would be heading far further south than he thought John had ever travelled. Despite its unhelpfulness in this case, Dean could admit that John’s journal had come in handy in quite a few hunts in the ten months since he’d walked into a cabin just outside of Red Oak to find no sign of his father other than the torn paper remnants of the research from a hunt and the journal, his father’s prize possession, sitting square in the middle of the kitchen table. A gift, and a message, both well received and understood by Dean.
“Bobby,” Dean said, voice breaking and he felt his legs give out beneath him but didn’t seem to be able to move, to do anything to prevent himself from collapsing to his knees. The sound that they made when they met the floor sounded like it would hurt, it should hurt, but Dean couldn’t feel anything, couldn’t process anything. All he could do was stare at the map, the untouched map, the map that should have shown him where his brother was, god,
“What did you do?” Nicole said, but it was less of a question than it was a statement. “Oh my god, what did you do?” Her flashlight was pointed at where Jason’s body lay in a rapidly growing pool of blood, and Sam had to fight to keep his eyes from following the beam towards the evidence of what he’d just done. His heart was racing. He could feel his calm control slipping from his grasp, the fear of what was going to happen rising in the back of his throat.
"With a forceful kick, Sam is knocked across the room and the siren turns, stalking towards Dean with determination, smelling of rust and something sickly sweet that he recognizes from Mrs. Therein. The Siren doesn’t go for a physical attack right away, maybe hoping to get Dean off his game by spouting nonsense."
Suddenly, it’s not something confined to the lonely spaces of Dean’s room. It’s not just a reach for comfort when they’re both alone and fragile. (As ruthless and legendary hunters as they both may be, they are also fragile as fuck, don’t question me on this). It’s not keeping Cas close because he’s human now, because Cas is lost and Dean is scared to lose him, and it isn’t Cas grasping to find something stable in his rickety fall from grace.
“We want you here, Cas. Wings or no wings. Because you’re Cas. Not because you’re an angel.” Dean says, pointing the spatula at Cas. “Got it?”
“Exactly. A double date! Dean?” Sam looks at Dean with his expectant puppy eyes and Dean looks to Cas, who’s wearing almost the same look.
“Dean. I know this life is dangerous okay. But do you really want to be stuck alone and miserable when there’s someone right in front of your face?”
Eventually, they get a bigger bed, and Sam moves out. He gets a place with Eileen and they don’t stop hunting entirely, but they settle down enough to ease Dean’s worries. Dean and Cas do settle down for the most part. The bunker becomes kind of a hideout for trusted hunters. People call with questions and Dean and Cas answer best they can. Dean gets a job as a mechanic and Cas starts a garden. Technically, with Charlie’s credit card trick, neither of them needs a job, but Dean thought it would be a good use of time. Plus it makes coming home to Cas feel that much nicer.
“You are too, Cas. Worth it…” Dean says, it’s so quiet Cas thinks he’s misheard him. Maybe it was just his imagination. “You’re worth everything.”
Then they had fought. It was stupid and petty, but Cas took it as an excuse to get some space. Get ahold of his emotions because he knows getting over Dean is out of the question.
Sam only nods, but when he goes to get himself a drink, he peeks into Dean's room. The wreckage looks mostly put back into place, but his shelf is laying sideways, there’s glass in the corner. Blood stains on the sheets and the first aid kit left carelessly on the bed. Sam peaks into the bathroom to see a shattered mirror, the door of the cabinet is on the floor.
They’re sitting in the library. They sit here often, and Dean feels at ease next to Cas, even amidst the grief. He couldn’t be torn away from this man if God himself commanded it.
On the second day, Dean almost pours out a third glass of whiskey. He stares at it for a second, before he nods, shaking his head, and he pours it into his own glass instead, smiling wistfully and ignoring Sam’s sympathetic, heartbroken eyes.
Another few days pass, Dean prays to Jack every day, simple things like how he got the cereal he liked from the store or how he mopes he’ll come down for a family dinner soon… even if the whole family won’t be here. He also asks, only a few times because he knows Jack is doing what he can, if Cas can be saved. He never really gets an answer.
He can’t draw, but he tries, and he ‘s sure he’ll find a picture of Dean somewhere to glue in. He writes too, it ends up more of a letter and he finishes it by adding his own promise to the bottom.
“Then where are they?” The angel sneers. “You are not worth it for him. You are not worth anything to him. You’re human.”
“I know.” Sam whispers. He’s grieving too, Dean reminds himself. Cas was Sam’s best friend too. “But we still have Jody and the girls, Bobby, Charlie,”
“Sam should be back at the car by now, we should go before more angels find their way back to us, We’ve got Baby warded,”
“Dean, sometimes people like that need a little roughing up, don’t go soft on me now boy, that’s no way a man should be.”
A very normal, manly, best friend thing… to want him to come back to bed… to have him in the bed in the first place. Holy shit… Dean’s not going to think about it. They’ve shared spaces before with no problem. Cas situates himself in the bed again and Dean rolls onto his back, eyes closed.
Dean let’s Cas drive sometimes, and he says not to tell Sam. He also says not to tell Sam that they rotate who chooses the music, and that sometimes on Deans turn, he chooses Taylor Swift.
“It will hurt just as much knowing you never took a chance. Eileen and I have made things work. And maybe this is a sign we should start trying to settle down.”
“No.” Dean says shaking his head. “No way.” Cas looks away at the same time that Sam throws his hands up in the air.
Finally the night comes to a close and Mary says goodnight, heading to the spare room she often occupies instead of taking off to god knows where. Jack gives everyone hugs and promises to go to sleep instead of watching another movie and Sam packs up the leftovers.
And yes, maybe Dean was the one who told Sam that it was pointless to try a relationship with Eileen. But it wasn’t his fault they lived this life. It wasn’t his fault people they loved never made it out. And maybe he crossed a line when he told Sam not to get attached, it was clear it was too late for that anyway. But Dean is stubborn, so he only looks intently at Sam, lips tight. He gives a nod in defeat and moves to leave the room.
“Of course. I can have Eileen come here. She hasn’t gotten to see you yet.” Sam says. Cas nods. Sam can’t decide if he wants to look at Cas or the bedroom, but both feel just as painful. “Are you going to be okay?”
The next day, Cas looks at the job application on the desk. Under that is a journal, similar to John’s only Cas had never seen it before. Inside is documentation of every new monster they had come across, starting with angels, starting with Castiel. Leviathan, Jefferson starships, werepires and goulpires, the darkness. Vamp-mimes. Cas sits on Dean’s bed with his journal and sifts through the pages, the drawings and words bringing out parts of Dean to life that had been kept under wraps.
“You know you can come to us if you need anything, right? You’re always welcome to stay,” Sam grins at him. Cas nods and smiles thankfully, a sad look still passing over his face.
More often than not, Dean’s arm ends up behind Cas and Cas’ head leans over against Dean’s sideways until they’re completely wrapped up in each other, whether they realize it or not.
Cas is out picking up food while Dean relaxes in the first motel they’ve gotten in nearly a week. Dean is on the phone with Sam.
I'm so sorry this is a little late, I wrote a finale fix it fic instead of editing this (it's called "Because He's Worth Everything" if you wanna read it)
“Who says I’m leading him on?” Dean shrugs, Sam splutters for a minute surprised, and then he looks at Dean sternly.
“I chose this Dean, and I didn’t do it recklessly. I knew the risks I was taking, and I knew what I was fighting for, I knew whose side I was on, still am on and I wouldn’t change a thing.”
Cas nods and Dean thinks he catches a smile, he turns away, like that will hide his face, but Dean can tell he’s grinning anyway. Dean grins back.
“Cas it ain’t just in the saying. I mean that’s great and all, for you, but you can have it, hell, you already do. You have me. And I’m sorry it took me till now to say it, but I love you. Of course I love you.”
warning? another note to John, also, I'm not sure how the process of healing from a trauma like this would go since I've never dealt with it, I think I did alright but if I didn't or if you have any critiques feel free to lmk
“We don’t need to talk about it.” Cas says. Dean considers that maybe Cas doesn’t want to talk about it.
Eileen and Sam hunt together often, as do Cas and Dean. Dean has to keep reminding himself that him and Cas are not like Sam and Eileen. They are not in love. They aren’t.
He reads, finding moments of peace while watching Dean’s breathing and the way he turns his head farther into Cas’ shoulder and all the little signs that point to Dean being alive. But then he remembers Dean doesn’t like it when he watches him. He had said not creepily, but Cas doesn’t really know what counts as creepy to Dean. So even with his gaze full of admiration and devotion he looks back at his book, carding his hand through Dean’s hair without a thought.
“Yeah, kinda. My friend and I fought, actually. That’s why I’m here. He, uh. He was being a dumbass and I was being ‘over protective’” Dean rolls his eyes. “He’s probably gonna leave now.”
Cas gets better on hunts, mostly because of the training Dean and Sam give him. He’s still not great, but he’s good enough, he can take a fight. Cas has saved Dean as a human, and Dean saves Cas too, and on the hunts when they both come back bloody and bruised and shivering, they seem to stay up later, huddled together with a beer and a first aid kit, pretending they’re not terrified of what nearly happened. Pretending Cas isn’t horrified that he can’t heal Dean anymore besides the gentleness of his hands on beaten skin and the antibiotic cream. Pretending that Dean doesn’t have nightmares about Cas dying, now that almost anything could take him out.
“You make your own schedule.” Cas points out. He’s frozen in his place, still half under the covers, half out of bed.
They’re back on the road in only fifteen minutes, Sam is still in the back, even though he and Dean have made up, and Cas looks pleased to be in the front seat again.
“I’m sorry.” He whispers. Cas shakes his head and takes Deans hand, bringing it up to his lips and kissing his knuckles gently.
Cas is watching everyone eat fondly, taking sips of beer even though he doesn’t need to. Jack explains the last Star Wars movie he saw animatedly and Dean grins at him the entire way through, adding onto certain parts enthusiastically.
When he gets there, he pulls out the files for the case, pulls up some of his research and sets to work.
Cas backs away, because it’s not for his ears and he’s already heard too much. But he aches for Dean, he’s not sure exactly what to take from the conversation, considering it was likely about him, but Dean doesn’t do raw emotion like that. Cas wants it though, he wants Dean to be open and honest and emotional with him. He wants to be emotional with Dean. He’s not sure if they’ve gotten there yet.
He moves one set of bones into the other grave. It’s just easier that way, he tells himself... at least they can be together here.
“I’m good.” Cas breathes in deep, savoring the crisp air and smell of shitty fast food, looking around the parking lot, there’s an old man throwing something at a pigeon, a girl with neon green hair flipping off a truck that tried to back up while she was walking by. “It’s cold here, but it’s beautiful.”
Almost a half hour passes and he sends a prayer to Jack. A simple, ‘humanity is well so far, Dean and Sam haven’t picked up, they’re, right? It's not me, is it? I hope you’re well.’
Turning 17 was the first year he felt different then the year before. If he had a normal life, with a normal family, they might have asked him “Do you feel any older?” and Dean might have said no. I’m just the same old me.
Sam is still in his room, on facetime with Eileen most likely, and Jack is watching TV in the Dean-Cave. Dean stirs the pasta lightly and then turns to grin at Cas.
Dean nods. He’s thinking of Cas’ hand on his knee, his drunken voice whispering to him even though no one else is around. He’s thinking of his own hands on Cas’ cheek, blaming the cold mountain air and the beer he just gulped down. He thinks of Cas fast asleep against the window. Waking up covered in Cas’ trenchcoat because it got cold in the night and Cas was already wearing a sweater. Dean’s sweater. He’s thinking about laughing uncontrollably in a waffle joint, and buying each other souvenirs in gas stations in the middle of nowhere. He’s thinking about Cas, looking at him like he always has. They haven’t said it yet. But It could be love. Dean thinks…
A few weeks ago, Dean had been in the passenger seat with his dad behind the wheel. Sam was back at the motel and the radio was on.
He wants to go to Dean’s room and remember what it was like for this man to live. For him to live by his side. He wants to convince himself that it’s all in his head, it’s all a dream. This is the empty, an elaborate scheme. He wants Sam to fucking say something. He wants to go back to the empty.
Maybe it should have been clear back when he was still a kid, after Lee. But Dean knew his father, and so it was never something he let himself consider for very long. Some things can’t be fixed with a smile and a tip of the hat. Some things can’t be left behind, no matter how long you drive. Some things can’t be forgiven, even once John is six feet under.
“I’m not going to apologize for saving your life, again.” Cas says, Dean scoffs, exasperated. “But I should have told you my grace was fading.”
Sam hardly has time to sit around staring at the body. He hardly has it in him to look at the blood on his hands. He can’t think about very much at all or maybe his brain is blanking because the only thing that matters is his big brother. His big brother who raised him with love. Who cared for him above all else even with demon blood in his veins and lucifer in his head.
Without even realizing it, or letting themselves show it, they loved each other. They loved each other with so much of themselves that it was almost worth dealing with their shitty life... as long as it meant Cas was there too.
It’s not long after that that Dean stops with all the hookups and flirting entirely. He hadn’t been doing it as frequently as he used to, so Sam hardly even noticed. But then it was valentine's day and Dean was perfectly content to just have a movie night with Cas.
“I figured you had probably listened to everything on the last tape, this one has a little more variety.”
So Dean carves ‘CASTIEL’ into the table next to the rest of them. He’s always been family, about time they made it official.
“That was a sigil. I made it up, so I wasn’t sure if it would work. Or if it would injure you as well. Better safe than sorry.” He says and Dean only nods.
“How are you doing?” Cas asks Dean. He sounds tired. He sounds so tired, how did Dean not pay attention earlier.
Dean had known he wasn’t straight for a while, but admitting it to himself took years. Sometimes he still feels the tightness of shame in his heart when he catches himself staring at a guy, even if he’s quick to tell himself that it’s okay.
Things weren’t really all that different. But at the same thing, something big had changed with Dean and everyone could sense it. Things were different with Cas too, if only in the way he responded to Dean’s new found sense of self. They didn’t talk about it though, so Sam had to watch as Dean and Cas skirted around each other, smiling and holding their gazes a little to long and looking away like there was nothing there.
Castiel was anything but cruel, but the universe was cruel for bringing him right to Dean because Castiel was too kind and far too much for Dean to comprehend. He was a dick at first, just like the rest, but he was never like the rest of the angels, not completely. He had doubts. He had feelings.
On day four, they get together with everyone they know. Eileen and Sam had been texting nonstop, and she was the first through the door. Dean’s honestly surprised they didn’t meet up as soon as they could, they hug so tightly that Dean nearly tears up.
He puts on his headphones and listens to the mix tape he made Cas. He falls asleep with Miracle on his lap and the tape playing.
“I’m not sure.” He shakes his head. Looking at Cas in gentle awe, like he’s still the angel who could smite a demon with a single touch.
“If you’ll let me.” Cas says, and it sounds so hopeful and nervous that Dean wants to hug him again, and he berates himself for making Cas think that there was ever a chance of Dean saying no to that.
So he drives back to John and Sam, radio off for once, and resolved to be the man his dad wants him to be.
To be fair, it’s not like Sam is really celebrating either. They had gotten back to the bunker and Sam immediately had his phone in his hand, waiting for Eileen to pick up his facetime call. They had sat down later that night with a glass of whiskey and let it sink in.
“He’s nearly finished creating your heaven. He wanted it to be perfect. I think he was mostly stalling though, I cut off angels from prayers until heaven is complete, I realize now that Castiel should have been the exception.”
Sam and Eileen send pictures back, Sam at the stove, Eileen with a machete looking badass as fucking hell. Selfies of them at fancy restaurants that they definitely shouldn’t be able to afford but with Charlie’s credit card they can afford almost anything.
Dean slips his arm around Cas’ shoulders easily, his heart pounding, but Cas simply snuggles closer, wedging his arm under Dean and around his waist. Suddenly it’s not casual anymore. It’s deliberate. Dean’s afraid to move, he can feel Cas’ chest rising and falling next to his own. After a few minutes, he relaxes, softening into Cas’ side. Eventually Dean switches the channel, trying to find something decent. But Cas takes the switcher and puts it back on Animal Planet. Then he turns the volume all the way down.
The entries become less about their hunts and cases and more about Dean’s personal life. Until one of the very last pages, one last documentation of Cas. This drawing of him isn’t shadowed and winged with a blade in his hand, he has on a cowboy hat and a smile and the title isn’t ‘Castiel’ it’s ‘Cas’.
“It is. I need you Cas. I’ve always needed you, always will. I’m not just talking about saving the world either.” Dean says, somehow managing to keep eye contact with Cas the entire time. “I don’t know how I’m supposed to top what you said…”
Dean is being lifted and dragged to lean against a wall and then there’s a few moments of silence before he hears Sam’s voice.
“It has.” Cas sighs, an oddly human expression crossing his face. “I was… an angel of the lord and now I’m the adoptive father to Lucifer’s son.”
The second time Cas wakes up, the bed is empty, the blankets are tucked more securely around Cas and although he’s been left alone in the bed, he doesn’t feel abandoned, he feels cared for. He knows they probably won’t mention it. But he also knows he wasn’t the only one who found comfort in their shared space.
The sun had begun its downwards journey towards the horizon by the time Dean left the hotel in search of food and Alex, feeling much better after the short nap he’d taken, passed out face down on the bed. After checking out the town on google maps, he decided to leave the Impala at the hotel, instead striking out across town on foot. He wasn’t able to spot Alex’s truck at either of the town’s other motels though, and wandering up and down the streets didn’t yield any sign of the other hunter either. He thought about heading into the motels and asking if they knew if Alex was staying at either of them, but dismissed the thought almost immediately – that wasn’t the sort of information that could easily be talked out of someone, and he didn’t have any Mexican credentials in his stash that would encourage someone to disclose something they wouldn’t otherwise share. He walked out to the edge of the town instead, and then walked the perimeter. The whole thing took him just over an hour, and his sense of unease grew as the full scope of the town coalesced in his head, the inescapable reality of just how small and impossible to disappear into it was. He didn’t see anything that struck him as unusual though, and he briefly debated heading further out of town to begin checking out the surrounding desert. He decided against it in the end when he looked up at the sky and registered just how little daylight still lingered – even without monsters in the mix, there were plenty of stupid ways to get himself killed in the desert, in the dark. Sighing, Dean instead let his stomach guide him back towards the end of town closest to the river, to the bar he’d passed by on his earlier patrol. Pushing open the door of El Oasis, Dean glanced around. If the white exterior walls of the bar had been uninspiring, the interior was even worse, dusty and worn and unfamiliar and yet somehow exactly like every other dive bar he’d ever been inside as he travelled back and forth across the entire continent. It was perfect, and the patrons already there watched Dean with wary expressions on their faces as he relaxed and headed towards the bar. The bartender greeted him without really looking at him. Dean smiled at him anyways, and ordered a beer in easy, if accented, Spanish. He only had to wait a couple of minutes before the bartender was sliding Dean his beer across the bar. The man seemed equally indifferent when Dean asked to put an order back to the kitchen as well, disappearing into the back without so much as a second look at him. Dean had pulled out his phone by the time the man returned a final time with Dean’s dinner, a photo of Alex ready on the screen, zoomed in so that his own drunken face, his arm thrown around Alex’s shoulder, wasn’t in view. It was his favourite photo of the two of them, and looking at it made worry clench hot and tight in the pit of his stomach despite himself.
“Who’d you hear that from?” he said instead, taking a slow drink of his beer in an attempt to stop his hands from shaking.
“It’s not a lot,” he said. “Allegedly this guy, Drahomir Novikov, was a serial killer who would bring his victims here to torture and kill them. But I haven’t been able to find any evidence of that in police records or papers, just that someone with that name did live here. There’ve been reports of ghost sightings on this property for almost sixty years though, so I figured I’d come and see if I could find any signs of EMF, something to let me know if it’s worth trying to dig for actual info.” Nicole bit her lip, glancing at the other kids.
When Merihem found him, Sam was sitting tucked in the corner of a balcony, his side pressed against the railing, body curled up like it would do anything to make him appear smaller, like it would somehow allow him to hide in plain sight, disappear into the shadows. She didn’t say anything at first, but he still knew it was her standing behind him, had known it was her coming when she was still on the stairs half the floor away from where they were now. He shifted over, making room for her to sit next to him, and she did, threading her legs through the railing and kicking them out over the edge, letting them dangle in the empty air. She leaned back, palms pressed to the cold marble floor, stretched out and taking up as much space as possible. Sam shot her a look, but she just smiled back at him, overly-innocent. He turned back to the scene in front of him, and felt more than heard movement next to him as Merihem did the same. The silence between them settled, turned comfortable. From where they sat, high above the ballroom, the screams were barely audible, sinking beneath the sound of the orchestra playing something discordant and ancient. It could almost be peaceful, but the scent of blood and perfume was still heavy in the air, making it impossible for Sam to pretend, even for a minute, that he was anywhere other than where he was.
“Not yet, they didn’t pick up. Jack wouldn’t have sent me back without warning if they were in danger though.” Cas says, Claire nods even though Cas can’t see her and they both revel in the fact that Cas is alive. He has a phone to his ear and an itch in his shoe and he’s starving, but he’s here, and isn’t that wonderful.
“I’m happy for you.” Dean tells him, shame bubbling in his stomach at the envy he feels for the love they have. Eileen has gone back to her place for the night,which is rare these days, but she and Sam spent the whole day together.
“But what if you’re wrong? Or what if you’re right, and then something happens. What if someone dies again.”
But he was. He was alive. Last year, last week, an hour ago. Five minutes ago, Dean Winchester was breathing. Someone needed him enough to call him. Someone needed Dean right now and all Sam could do was look anywhere but the body.
Dean Winchester did not want to go out bloody and scared, but he knew what being a hunter meant. He had made peace with it.
“Sam and I are human, and we do just fine. We don’t keep you around just ‘cause you’re an angel Cas, I thought you knew that.”
Cas takes the first breath of this new life with his eyes closed, face turned upwards. He was smiling, though the clouds covered the sun and the chill in the air snuck under his trenchcoat. This wasn’t like his last time waking up from the empty. It wasn’t sunny, and he wasn’t an angel. Maybe it was his newfound humanity, or maybe it was the contrast of Jack’s rebuilt heaven against Earth, but there was an ache in Castiel’s side and a pounding in his head and the smell of car exhaust. Still, it was life.
“We went to a therapy session to draw the spirit out and Dean kinda… it got a little too real for him.”
They get pictures of Jody and Donna and Cas is convinced they’re dating. Dean doesn’t see it at first, but then Claire sends a picture of the two of them watching a movie together and Dean thinks they work well together. They get updates on the girls. Claire and Kaia, Patience, Alex and her boyfriend. Jack drops into the bunker with Sam and Eileen and they send a family selfie and Dean texts back that he misses them in all caps and things feel like they should.
“Okay,” Cas says with a softness that makes Dean’s chest ache, and then there’s a feather-light touch over his forehead, pushing his hair back from his face before thinking better of it. Cas’ hand falls onto the bed between him and all Dean has to do is reach for it. There’s no way Cas doesn’t feel the same right? Forget about all the reasons it’s a bad idea, all the reasons Dean can’t handle it. It should be easy, right? And Cas cares for him too.
“Maybe some time will help you figure things out. You know what I did?” She asks, Dean looks at her with interest and she leans forward. “I bought this old school bus and filled it with all the shit I needed the most, I grabbed my girlfriend, and we just drove. For weeks. We ended up engaged. There’s no rush.” She smiles. “I don’t think at least… I don’t know you.”
Dean and Sam were in a barn with machetes and vampires and they were winning. They had been winning and it was only a matter of time before the last of the vampires were dead and Dean and Sam would be in the impala, driving the kids back to safety. Just in time to answer their phones.
Sam and Cas go over the case while Dean is showering, making sure all the files are in order and getting a head start on some research. Jack goes to his room because apparently he’s in the middle of a Star Wars marathon.
“The deal was that it would take him when he was happy.” Dean says, voice hard again. Sam looks at him for a minute, eyes wide and confused, “Loving me is what killed him.”
They haven’t apologized, but the silent treatment is broken and Cas is ready to go less than an hour later, he doesn’t have many belongings. Sam still hasn’t said much, but he seems to get the memo that he isn’t invited. While Cas packs, Dean sits down with his brother.
Cas takes a shower, letting the hot water rinse the dirt and blood from his body. The heat and the water pressure stings the cut on his cheek and he watches the blood swirl down the drain. He feels tense and stiff from the hunt and the shower does help, but when he gets out, he still feels sore. He puts one of the first aid creams on his cut and decides to leave it at that, and when he steps out of his room in a pair of sweatpants and a plain t-shirt, Dean is at the stove, already showered.
Cas thinks maybe they’ve both had half a drink too many, they aren’t drunk, but it’s enough to get those words out of Dean’s mouth. Either way, Cas’ eyes burn and he blinks but Dean’s face blurs anyway. He blinks harder, not wanting to let him out of his sight. The lights are dim and they're both a little beat up, but Dean is beautiful. He always has been.
“Too early for life,” He grumbles, turning back over and stuffing his head into the pillow even with the light on.
Sam was right, on the drive he sees nothing but empty roads and empty houses. Not a single person. Not a single sign of life aside from the trees and the grass.
“Dean?” Cas says. It’s a question in and of itself, Dean continues talking. He has a purpose now, a train of thought, words that he’s had rattling in his brain for so long he knows they have to come out sometime. Somehow. Cas has lived long enough without knowing what that means to Dean.
“Of course,” He says, his voice is rough and final and his hand comes up to hold Cas’ cheek. It’s not soft, but the touch still feels gentle. “Of course you can stay.”
Dean thinks he’ll have to go down to the storage room to get some ingredients for a spell. He walks the halls, trying to forget about what had taken place there, and then hating himself for wanting to forget any memory that had Cas in it. He finds himself outside the door.
“The last of them is out, you need to do it now!” Sam says and Dean is blinking the blurriness from his eyes, trying to push himself up so he can help, but he’s dizzy, only making it a few steps toward Cas.
Those nights are silent. Too shaken up to dig any deeper into that pain, into the fear. So they just sit by each other and hope for the best, hope that the worst they get is a split lip or a cracked rib and that at the end of the day, Dean will still be there to pull back the blankets and Cas will still be there to crawl under them.
“I know.” Dean sighs, letting his stony expression fall apart a little more with every word. “Did you… did you know?” Dean asks, look up at Sam. “That he loved me?”
Jack visits often, unable to interfere still, but he’s their kid, he’s family. So they celebrate holidays and birthdays and they have family dinners with everyone, including Jody and the girls, they have a life now. Hunting will never be gone for good, but Dean doesn’t think he’ll have to die at the hands of something set to kill.
Dean only nods. He’s been holding himself together. He’s been stone faced and stoic. He’s had enough. Sam has always said Dean could talk to him if he needed it, and Dean thought talking was bullshit. He can’t keep this in his head.
He doesn’t look at anything other than the shelves right in front of his face, but when he leaves, he glances back, freezing with his eyes stuck to the empty room. He should have said something back. He should have told Cas. He should have stopped him. He should have reached out and held on and not let go. But he didn’t, Cas was gone and Dean watched him go.
I had something I wanted to say but I forgot what it was, so I hope it wasn't important <3 I hope you enjoy :)
He tried to forget those dreams, because Dean was never supposed to feel this way. He was never supposed to feel comfort from the arms of a dick angel like Cas. It was dangerous. Angels were dangerous. Cas was dangerous.
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas says. The music begins to play, it’s a soft song, something with guitar that Cas doesn’t recognize.
He turns around to look at Cas, hands in pockets, lips pressed together in worry. Cas only nods shortly, a half-hearted smile on his face that makes Dean harden his gaze a little.
“Right, I forgot you were a big romantic.” Sam rolls his eyes, Dean opens his mouth, but Sam talks over him, “Take him to look at the stars or something.”
“So you want me to leave then?” Cas says, more of a statement then a question, looking up at Dean with a piercing gaze. Although the bite of the question is there, Cas finds that he’s able to keep his expression blank, unwilling to let Dean see the extent of his emotions. He’s not offended though.
“Clearly, you thought you were gonna be dead,” Dean retorts bitterly. “But you can’t just dump that on a guy and then sacrifice yourself,”
Sam looks like he’s in unprecedented territory. Dean has ran off before, but this time it’s different. This time there’s no end of the world. When Dean comes back inside for the cooler, he stops, looks at Cas.
It doesn’t take long for Dean to come to the realization that this case wasn’t a gift. It wasn’t John telling Dean that he trusted him. And maybe he was overthinking things, but there’s no way it’s a coincidence... right?
“I want to be able to heal you Dean. I want to be able to protect you and help you, and defend you, but my grace is diminishing. It is burning up as we speak, my wings are broken and burnt and it’s painful. Okay? I will miss it. But being an angel isn’t the life I want anymore.”
“Sam,” he said, trying to push as much innocence and warmth into his smile as he could. He could see a couple of the other teenagers relax slightly at the sight of it, though Kyle and Jason still looked pissed off. Still, as long as he could get the majority of them to trust him, that would be good enough for what he needed to do here. The upside of running a short con, he supposed. Less time to build up trust, but also less need for it to stand up to any sort of test.
“My bag? How would you… oh,” he said, before anger and sorrow broke over his face, one after another, mixing together into a mask of pain. “His bag was next to mine,” he spat, fury burning in every word. “He was probably getting his fucking knife so he could protect you.” Sam bit the inside of his cheek to stop himself from flinching back at his words, but wasn’t able to stop his eyes from flicking over to the body lying just inside the swinging light cast by the group’s flashlights.
“So you know he’s dead, for sure?” Bobby said, and the flare of irritation was hotter this time, stronger, making Dean narrow his eyes.
By the time he reached the kitchen, he had to admit that what his gut had told him the second he woke was true: they were alone in the house. Whatever the things that had invaded his dreams had been, they had not followed him to the waking world. Dean swallowed, standing still in the moonlight, staring blindly at the sink and trying to process what just happened. He was exhausted though, had scarcely slept at all going by the clock on the stove. The taste of fear was still hot and bitter on his tongue, and his heart rate hadn’t slowed at all since he woke. He could barely think about everything that had happened, everything that had been said to him, much less try and understand it. How it had even happened at all, how he’d ended up in that strange place that twined together reality and dream. Fuck, he needed to talk Katerina into letting him ward the whole house when she woke up – that he’d somehow been dragged into that place from her bed definitely meant that the current warding wasn’t nearly good enough. He blinked, swaying with fatigue, and frowned. There had been no pain to the movement, and Dean belatedly realized that he was able to see normally out of both eyes, had been the entire time he’d searched the house. He raised his hand to his face slowly, fingertips no longer sending an ache through his whole face as he pressed down on the smooth skin there, hot to the touch. He stood still for a long second before he looked down, twisting to expose his side fully to the moonlight spilling into the room through the window. His breath caught in his throat, and he wasn’t able to do anything but stare down at his body in shock.
“Dean,” the angel said, voice serious. “Can you stand?” Dean pushed himself up, grimacing when he realized the demon was still lying slumped over, half on top of him. He kicked it away, stumbling to his feet and frowning down at the body when it didn’t move.
“Fuck,” he said, raising his gun again and pointing it at the group, holding the flashlight up alongside it. Chrissy screamed again, though shorter this time, her hands flying up to clap over her own mouth, thank god. “Move away from the stairs,” he said, walking slowly across the room. They obeyed instantly, though they moved in a slow shuffle, Kyle putting himself in front of the group like the idiot he was, arms spread protectively. Like that would do anything, even if Sam had just been an ordinary man with a gun. Sam ran his eyes over all their faces. They all looked equally shocked and scared.
“I know,” she said. The sympathy in her voice hit Sam like a physical blow, making him suck in a ragged breath. He kept his gaze locked on the room below them though, avoiding whatever expression might be on her face. Sympathy from her was always unbearable, worse than pity, the confirmation that things were as bad as he felt they were almost more painful than the lies that he told himself: that he was being melodramatic, that he was just acting like the petulant teenager he had been, so long ago, yelling at his father for pulling him out of yet another school – overreacting and so fucking naive and innocent of how much worse things could be. It was a cold comfort, a delusion he was rarely able to sustain, but one that was often the only thing keeping him upright, keeping him moving. “If it makes you feel better, you probably would have gotten away with it,” she offered, “if he hadn’t decided to show up himself, I mean. You did a good job covering up your tracks. He wouldn’t have caught you.” The laughter that tore its way out of Sam’s throat was bitter, acid on his tongue as he stared out at the undulating sea of silk and jewels and bone in front of them.
“That legend says that if you stay here past sunset, you’ll be trapped here until sunrise,” he answered.
“I mean you heard him!” Chrissy said, voice creeping upwards in both pitch and volume. “He said we can’t get out until sunrise.”
When he was a kid, his father had once taken him and Dean to a museum, one of the rare times that John had decided that it was worth it to spend money on something like that. There’d been a handful of fossils on display, small dinosaurs with missing pieces and strange, ragged bones. One of them had been a sabre-toothed tiger, a smilodon, and Sam had stared at its long teeth, the gape of its jaw held permanently open by the wire that was the only thing now holding its bones together. He was reminded of it then, with a sharp pang, staring into the rolling yellow eyes of the creature stalking towards him. He couldn’t tell if the creature’s head was bare bone or if it was simply covered in skin so white, so tight to the bone that it took on the appearance of a skull left out to bleach in the sun. The hollow, shadowed eye sockets were deep enough that the glimmer of its eyes seemed to be floating in their depth, unmoored by flesh or blood. Its mouth was split open all the way back, showing off every single long, black tooth, razor sharp and wider around than the handle of Sam’s knives. It’s red tongue lolled out between them, tasting the air, and as Sam watched its nostrils flared, scenting him, the fear sweat that he could feel leaching from his pores despite his best attempts to breathe through the fear. The lower half of its jaw was soaked with the blood of the humans Sam had passed earlier, staining its chest and all the way down to its front feet. He swallowed, but the pain of the memory that had flashed through his head earlier had thrown him off balance, lingering in his head as he tried to slowly back away. His heel hit a rock just as he was beginning to reach over his shoulder for the handle of his machete, and his eyes widened as he began to fall, unable to stop himself from collapsing backwards.
“No worries,” he said. “I’ll hear it from someone else, some other time maybe. Just thought it sounded cool.” Dean snorted, shaking his head and hoping the noise wasn’t as bitter as he felt.
. He didn’t know what that meant really, but he’d never told anyone that, had just nodded along with the explanations of what it should feel like, what he should be doing. He was also pretty certain that there wasn’t supposed to be as much of it as there was, a spring inside of him that he’d yet to find the bottom of, though he’d pretended to, a couple of times. Letting himself fall to his knees, blood covering his face, failing tests even understanding what the punishment would be. He couldn’t remember why he’d started lying really, had started it so long ago that the memories were all but lost to the jagged shards of pain and scars that those early years had calcified into. Now, it was too late to stop, not that it mattered in this moment. Not like Novikov was going to be able to tell anyone about the wave of power that rushed through Sam, filling him up and making his mouth taste of iron and wind.
he thought, then continued looking around the room. There were eleven people there, eight of them hunters. He was surprised to realize that there was one that he knew after all, Fatima looking back at him with the same expression of surprise, and he exchanged a quick nod of acknowledgement with her.
“No, probably not.” He hesitated, not speaking for a long moment. Merihem let the silence rest, waiting for him to go on. “She was just so small,” he finally said, voice soft. “Seeing her lying there like that… she was just so small, still just a baby really.” He stared out into space, the sight of the girl lying crumpled on the floor filling his mind, the screams of her parents still echoing in his head, their blood soaking his clothes, spreading across the floor. When he’d touched her, he’d left smears of blood behind, a physical reminder of the invisible stain of corruption that he left on everything he touched. The gasp of air sucked into shocked lungs was still loud in his mind, the look in her eyes when they’d fluttered open to see him kneeling over her, the hummingbird-fast beat of her heart remembering how to work. His touch might spread nothing but disease and death but she had walked out of that house with tears in her eyes and breath in her lungs and he couldn’t bring himself to regret that. He looked over at Merihem, met her eyes, and knew that she both did and didn’t understand. They shared a small smile, before Sam looked back out over the crowd.
“You were right,” it said, and all at once the pressure keeping Dean pinned in place like a bug disappeared. He didn’t get the chance to fall, the demon twisting its hand in the front of his shirt before he could slip further than a foot. Dean blinked, and the clenched fist of the demon’s other hand slammed into his face, sending his head whipping to the side, smashing into the concrete pillar. He watched through a daze as blood sprayed out of his mouth and across the shadowed surface. One hand reaching clumsily towards the gun at his back, he began to turn back to face the demon. Before he could manage to complete either motion, that same fist was slamming back into his face, and Dean felt his cheekbone crumple even as his head once again bounced off the concrete. He could feel blood running down his face but it was distant to the ringing in his ears as he fought to keep out the blackness threatening at the edge of his vision. He reached again for his gun, though he felt like he barely had control over any of his limbs, his body distant and disconnected from his brain. The demon batted his hand away like it was nothing.
. He couldn’t believe he’d fucked up this badly, after how careful he’d been, how well it had been going.
“What?” he asked. “What does that mean?” Castiel finally looked at him again, head tilting in that way that was quickly becoming familiar, looking at him for so long that Dean found himself shifting uncomfortably under the weight of his gaze.
, a difficult man to stay friends with. Even among the hunters who were still willing to take his calls, few of them had much love to spare for John Winchester. Dean sat with the offer for a long minute, thinking over his options. Jim was right though – Bobby’s library was legendary amongst the hunting community, and Dean had run into more hunters that knew Bobby, had swung by Singer Salvage for one reason or another over the years, than didn’t. If Bobby didn’t have anything for him, he might at least know where Dean could look next.
Dean stuck to the bar long after Katerina came and took his plate away with a hand pressed against his lower back that made him smile, and a smack to the back of his head that made him smile even wider. Ellen left him alone, focusing on her other patrons and leaving Dean to his thoughts, not commenting on the way he watched people come and go from the safety of the bar, the nice civilian couple leaving rather quickly after a group of three hunters fresh off a kill came in, reeking of blood and sweat and victory. Once evening hit the bar got louder and louder as more and more hunters came stumbling in the front doors. Dean waited until most of the people in the bar were at least two drinks in before finally pushing off his stool to join the crowd. He grabbed a second beer from Ellen as he went, winking in response to the knowing look she shot him. After a quick glance around the room, he headed to one of the more crowded tables. The hunters gathered there greeted him enthusiastically, pulling up a chair and inviting him in. He didn’t know any of them personally, though a few of them he’d heard of before, and it made it a lot easier for him to just sit there silently, listening as they traded stories and rumours: gossip about fellow hunters, tips about monsters, recounts of hunts that were almost certainly greatly exaggerated. Most of it was fairly run of the mill, and Dean was just beginning to debate moving on to another table when something one of the men said caught his attention, a story being told only to the far half of the table.
“Just passing through,” Dean said, taking a long swallow from the bottle, the cold drink more than welcome after the late-afternoon heat. “Got a line on a hunt in Detroit. Figured I’d swing by though, catch up on all the latest gossip.” Ellen rolled her eyes again, leaned on the bar. She considered him for a long moment before sighing and shaking her head, and Dean felt the hope that he hadn’t even acknowledged he’d felt, had been trying so hard
He's here and he's perfect!!! I'm currently on S13 in my rewatch/finally watch the last four seasons for the first time so I had to go back and rewatch some of his first few episodes to remind myself of how sombre and righteous he was.
“Honestly, I should be thanking you,” it said, “it’s truly an honour,” it continued as it crouched down, “to be the one to drag your soul to Hell.” It reached out, running its hand gently down the side of Dean’s face, mimicking its earlier gesture, though this time the soft touch sent pain spiking through Dean’s head as its fingers traversed shattered bone and flesh. The black spots were blooming larger in his vision, but Dean refused to give into it, refused to do anything but glare up at the demon. If this was how he went out, he was doing it with as much fight, as much defiance, as he could muster. The demon laughed, reaching out to pick up Dean’s knife, and Dean heard a distant sound, like a flock of birds taking flight.
He puts more research in than he would a normal case and he’s not sure if he did it on purpose, but they deserved the thought and respect and they certainly didn’t get it in life. He finds their graves, digging the bodies up with reverence. They didn’t deserve it any less because of who they were.
He feels Cas’ pain like it’s his own and he sees Dean get into his car with a hopeful smile. He’s going to look for Cas.
His narrative became; Don't let Cas die. Don't let Cas leave. Don't let Cas get hurt. Don't stare too hard. Don't touch him for too long. Don't reach out. Don't open up. Don't think about it, just... just keep him safe. Keep them all safe.
They don’t say anything for a minute, caught up in just smiling at each other, and then Dean’s hand comes out and lands on Cas’ arm, it’s soft at first, then he’s rubbing his thumb across Cas’ arm and it makes his heart melt and do flips and all that stupid human stuff. Dean Winchester is smiling at him and Cas thinks he could die right here and now. He thinks he needs to say something. To do something. But nothing is big enough. Nothing is grand enough.
A hot shower is exactly what he needs. He turns the water on hot and stands under it until his skin is red with the heat. And he thinks… he thinks about their last case and what Sam must think of him now and he thinks about the next case. His thoughts wander to Cas, who’s been in and out of the bunker inconsistently over the past few months.
“Hmm?” Dean let’s Sam drag him away from the doorway distractedly. “I’m fine. Sorry, I’m good.” He straightens up.
Then he’s leaning in, giving Cas time to pull away, But Cas leans in too, a hand on Dean’s shoulder, and then they’re kissing.
“I said don’t lie to me,” Dean said. “I know you have him.” It was a bluff, but Dean was a pretty good liar, a lifetime of hustling pool, shoplifting food, dodging social workers behind him. Telling Sam that everything was going to be okay, which had turned out to be the biggest lie of all.
“How’s your arm?” she finally asked, looking back towards him. Sam uncurled slightly to shrug out of his heavy black jacket, the gold buttons clinking against the marble as he let it drop to the ground. The small diamond and onyx cuff link followed after, and Sam ignored the look Meriham gave him as she picked it up before it could roll off the edge of the balcony. He focused on carefully rolling up his sleeve instead, breath hitching in his chest as his fingers touched the skin, sending hot waves of pain rolling through his body. Meriham’s expression was inscrutable as inch after inch of raw red skin was revealed. It hadn’t been long enough for the burn to begin healing at all, and Sam had almost passed out from the pain when he’d bumped into someone in the crowd earlier, only staying upright through the weight of the eyes on his back and the knowledge of what the consequences would be if he gave into his body’s desperate pleas for the relief of unconsciousness. The burn spanned the length of his forearm, crawling further upwards on the outside until it stopped just above his elbow. The cords of his muscle were obvious where the skin had been eaten away, and the contrast between the white of the undamaged skin and the red of the open wound made his stomach twist every time he looked at it. Deep enough to scar but not deep enough to damage the muscle and affect his movements after it finally healed: a careful calculation that Sam was grateful for even as he hissed out an exhalation of pain, holding the limb out towards Merihem. She took his hand, her fingers cool against his overheated skin, turning it back and forth. She looked up at Sam, a question in her eyes, and he shook his head.
They all looked so young, and Sam felt like he was going to vomit. None of them were saying anything, and Sam had blown his cover completely, there was no way he would be able to figure out who it was now, no spell he’d been given, nothing but the gun and the instruction to
“The bed is made up in the spare room,” she said. “Or we can just sleep. We don’t have to… you’re hurt, and I don’t…” she trailed off when Dean smiled down at her, small but genuine. He leaned down, pressing a soft kiss against her lips.
He sank to a crouch in the dirt by the truck, back pressed flat to one of the tires. He was sweating from the heat and from the effort of moving the bodies, and he took a few deep breaths before bracing himself and finally pushing the button. There was a moment when nothing happened, Dean already resigning himself to needing to leave the shelter of the truck behind to get closer to the rocks, when there was a sudden roar behind him, and the ground shook. The smell of burning filled the air as Dean pressed his back even tighter to the tire, breathing hard as he watched with wide eyes as tiny chunks of rock peppered the ground in front of him, pinging off the body of the truck. The sound of rock crashing and breaking apart was deafening, and continued long after the sounds of the explosion began to fade from Dean’s ears. Finally, it was silent, and he stood cautiously, turning and looking over the bed of the truck towards the rock outcropping. Triumph surged through him when he saw that it was now half as tall as it had been, some of the pillars having tumbled down and out, smashing across the desert, but the majority looking to have collapsed inwards. Dean picked up the backpack before walking back to the outcropping, moving more cautiously the closer he got, wary of rocks that might just be waiting for the slightest bit of motivation to fall further, eyes scanning for shards of white rock. He didn’t see any though, and when he arrived back at the curve that he had previously entered through, he found his way thoroughly blocked by shattered stone. He kept walking around the outside instead until he found where the remains of rock that had tumbled outwards had created a slope that was climbable, cautiously scaling upwards until he could see over the top of the entire outcropping.
in a way his waking mind never could. Sam, though… he hated himself for it, but he couldn’t help but hope that that version of Sam was nothing more than a dream, a nightmarish figment of his imagination. Wasn’t it worse, if he hadn’t been? If that vision of Sam, broken and bloody and utterly alien to the boy Dean remembered, was what had become of him in the time since Dean had lost him?
Dean thought, eyes flicking from him over to the woman sitting anxiously at one of the tables, her eyes fixed on the man’s back.
He stayed on his knees even after it stopped, after the last shiver left his body, his forehead against the porcelain rim as he focused on his breathing, trying to find some way to steady himself against everything that had just happened. Finally he forced himself up, flushing the toilet and slowly making his way over to the sink, rinsing his mouth out before he took a deep breath and turned, walking back out into the room. Castiel was still standing there, which wasn’t a surprise, though Dean didn’t think he would have been surprised if the angel had disappeared either.
The room on the other side was dim and just as sparsely populated as the parking lot had hinted at, only a handful of people scattered around the room, a single lethargic game of pool in progress. The smell of cigarettes and cheap beer washed over him. He took a deep breath, the last of the tension leaching from his body. It could be any other bar he’d ever haunted across the country, but for the sharpness of salt and gun oil undercutting it all that let him know that he was among his people, something wary and alert deep inside him finally relaxing at the familiar smell and the sense of safety it carried. He finished his visual sweep of the room at the bar, where he wasn’t surprised to find Ellen already looking back at him. It had only been a couple of months since he’d last seen her, and she hadn’t changed at all, right down to the unimpressed look she was giving him that he could feel all the way across the room. He sighed, braced himself, then walked across the room, the worn and stained wooden boards creaking under his feet.
, he thought, not for the first time. Letting out a long breath, Sam braced himself, and continued walking.
“I just needed a minute,” he said, a weak excuse but the truth nonetheless, all he had to offer. “I just… it’s… I needed to
he repeated, putting more force behind the words this time. The woman opened her mouth, to argue with him probably, but before she could get a word out, two large, bloodstained hands rose up and took ahold of her shoulders, yanking her downwards.
Sam stepped back and just listened as they argued about what to do next, and, quieter, whether or not they could trust Sam.
As he began nearing where he thought was around the right area, Dean slowed the truck down, looking more carefully at the desert around him – moving slower, the tires were kicking up less dust behind him, making it easier to see, and he scanned the ground for any signs that Alex had been here earlier. He figured if he could spot where Alex had gone, that would be easier than trying to follow the sketched map sitting on the bench seat next to him, easier than looking for some unknown and undescribed marker. He’d left the road hours earlier, the corner that the road had spun through the landscape directly countering the route sketched out on the map. There had been a section of the fence removed right where the map and the road diverged through, large enough for Alex’s truck to pass through, so Dean figured he was on the right track. Alex had clearly torn back into town with an urgency that didn’t allow for attempts to cover his trail, and there had been a few other signs of that franticness that Dean had spotted over the past hour – a knocked-over barrel cactus, a cluster of maguey plants with clear tire tracks crushing them – that let him know he was still on the right track. The desert was dry enough that for the most part the tread of the truck didn’t leave any marks on it once the dust settled behind it though, and there were a few long stretches where Dean didn’t see anything, and had to just trust in the accuracy of the map still sitting on the seat next to him.
Turning abruptly, Dean shoved the water bottle back in his pocket and drew his gun again, heading back out the path with far less caution than he’d originally travelled down it. The sunlight was overwhelming after the shade of the rocks, and he had to take a long moment to blink against it, eyes adjusting slowly to the blindingly bright light, before he could begin to walk back to the truck. He was halfway back when something crunched under the heel of his boot, and he glanced down to find that he’d split what looked like a human femur clean in half. Eyes widening, Dean scanned the ground around him, spotting what looked like a piece from a human skull a few meters away, the curve of an eye socket recognizable even from a distance. He didn’t see anything else, but he didn’t need to to understand what had happened to the other people who had disappeared, victims to the curse and its endless hunger. Without someone close by to tear into, they had set out into the desert, where they had died long before they could reach any other human, before they could spread the curse any further. Swearing under his breath, he kept walking to Alex’s truck, heading around the back to unlock the long metal trunk that was tucked against the back of the bed of the truck. Alex had kept his supplies about as neat as Dean did his own, and Dean only spent a second scanning the ones on top before he began digging through them. He wasn’t sure what supplies Alex had had, but he was hoping that somewhere amongst the ammunition and strange, spelled knives, there might be…
“Okay?” Sam repeated, unable to keep the annoyance out of his voice. He expected that reaction from her father, or maybe just dreaded it, but Merihem usually had far more reasonable expectations of him. He gestured towards the body of the man, his blood still slowly spreading across the table, glistening under the lights of the dining room. Looking over at him, Sam found himself briefly mourning the perfect plate of pasta that his head was lying in, before the basket of bread from the middle of the table caught his attention. Flipping off the napkin, he let out a pleased noise when he saw that the fabric had spared the bread any bloody contamination, and shoved a whole slice in his mouth. When he looked back at Merihem she was still looking at him, a faint expression of disgust on her face, though whether that was because of how Sam was eating or the critique of his performance he couldn’t tell.
“Hey,” Dean said, raising his free hand towards her. She turned to look at him, her face streaked with tears and full of sorrow. “You need to move back,” he said, then cursed when she just stared at him.
The diner was old and worn down, but obviously well loved, the table Dean was directed to decorated with a vase filled with a small handful of flowers, the chipped tile of the tabletop a perfect match for the faded paper menu he was handed. He couldn’t stop himself from letting out an appreciative moan when he was brought a cup of coffee, and he settled in to observe the town as he waited for his food. There were a lot of people now walking past on foot, probably headed to the church. When the waitress returned with his food, Dean tried to ask if she knew anything more than the bartender had about the bocas huecas, but she didn’t seem to know what he was talking about. Dean smiled, told her it was no problem, but she just frowned at him before walking away. The next time she came by with more coffee though she also had the cook with her, an old woman with sharp eyes and deep laugh lines surrounding her mouth, her gray hair hanging down her back in a long braid. Much like the bartender the previous night, she seemed wary of Dean’s questions, but brightened up significantly when he showed her the photo of Alex. Dean fought the urge to sigh as she launched into a recounting of what a nice young man he was, how sweet and polite and such a good listener too. No one ever talked about
“Yeah, well, we were here first. So you can fuck off now,” he said, making a sweeping gesture towards Sam. Sam raised a hand, checking his watch again under the guise of rubbing at his face, using that same hand to hide his smile when he saw the time.
that was the last thing Sam had ever said to their dad, the sight of him walking up the steps of the bus, not even glancing back at Dean before he disappeared into the night in a growl of diesel and fading red taillights. Dean had spent the next couple of months waiting for a text, a call, anything, but as the weeks went by he had slowly let go of those expectations. Sam had chosen, he’d tried to tell himself, and he hadn’t chosen Dean. Simple as that.
It took two days, most of two cases of beer, and two trips out into the yard to beat the shit out of an old junker with a crowbar before they found the spell. It was in a small book of spells that Bobby explained had been given to him by a hedgewitch in Nova Scotia a couple of years earlier. There was a slightly dreamy look in Bobby’s eyes when he talked about her, and Dean decided not to ask any more questions, quickly moving along to asking Bobby about ingredients. Bobby peered down at the page, the neat writing and clear directions making Dean despair for the seven books – none of which had the decency to be written in English – that he’d spent the last couple of days struggling through.
that are hunting monsters now?” one of the hunters asked, voice disbelieving. The woman shrugged, obviously uncomfortable.
“Fine,” he said, letting resignation shift to anger in his voice, turning on his heel and stalking towards the front door. He could hear the teenagers following after him, watching to make sure he left.
“You really have no idea what’s happening do you?” it asked. Dean kept his face blank, but he couldn’t exactly counter the demon’s observation with anything concrete, and that just made it laugh again. “Oh, this is delicious,” it said. “The angel’s greatest prize and you have no clue what’s ahead.” Dean blinked, fingers unconsciously flexing on the water bottle at the demon’s reference to the angels.
“Sorry,” Dean said, breaking in and directing the attention of the group towards him in a way that made him shift slightly in his seat. Still, he had to know, so he continued. “Can you repeat that?” he asked. The hunter who’d been speaking didn’t seem at all phased by the interruption though, just shrugged and went back to the start of his story, the entire table now listening.
Dean said, not bothering with his usual preamble. The priest opened his mouth, as if to argue, or ask questions, before glancing back towards the street, towards the bodies still lying there. Dean didn’t bother looking, just kept his eyes on the priest, watched the other man think about what he’d just witnessed. When the priest turned back to Dean, his face was set in an expression of resolution, and he just nodded before gesturing Dean into the church. He helped Dean fill up four large water bottles with holy water, Dean tucking two under each arm before he headed back out of the church, the priest trailing after him. He stopped at the top of the stairs, unable to prevent himself, this time, from looking at the bodies lying on the road. The priest came up beside him, and Dean could see him staring at Dean out of the corner of his eye.
written in block letters above a listing of the service times. The buildings around it were just as incongruent, and Dean wondered if the church was maybe the last remaining part of the original town, if it had simply shifted and changed and evolved over the years around it, the church the only constant over decades of growth and change. This late in the day, it was silent and empty, and Dean drove past it without stopping. Just past the church however, he finally spotted a sign declaring that there were
Dean glanced around one final time before he bent to pick the lock. He only needed a couple of seconds, metal scratching against metal, until he heard a familiar click and was standing and slipping into the building. Inside was silent and dark, the space filled with that hollow feeling unique to empty buildings; a combination of instinct and experience letting him know that there was no one else there. He looked towards the back of the room but didn’t bother walking any deeper inside of the building, instead turning and walking towards the bank of candles that lay to the left of the front doors. Ignoring the matches provided, Dean took out his old silver lighter instead, rubbing his thumb over the initials carved into the side for a long minute. Shaking his head, he picked out a candle to light. The flame of the votive flickered slightly when he put it back, a single glowing point in the darkness. Dean stared at it for a long minute before closing his eyes. He still didn’t believe in God, maybe believed even less than he had before Sam disappeared, but something about doing this whenever he had a chance, lighting a candle and sending a prayer to the Virgin Mary to watch over his brother, made him feel better. Maybe just because he knew Sam had believed, that he’d smile at Dean if he was here to watch him do this. For a second Dean could swear he heard his brother’s voice echoing in his head, the happy lilt to his words, the way he’d tease Dean for this if he could see it. The pain in Dean’s chest was almost physical, and he sucked in a deep breath, eyes still closed. Letting it out slowly, he repeated the prayer a final time. Opening his eyes, he blinked down at the candle, the flame wavering in an unseen draft, reflecting off the glass column that held it, before finally turning and walking away.
Inside the only illumination came from the windows—half broken and half papered over with pages of newspapers years out of date—the scarce light providing him with little in terms of visibility. Dean pulled out his flashlight before he turned towards the basement. The building had been filled with offices at some point, maybe something to do with the operation of the railway. Whatever it had been, it had long since been abandoned. Aside from a few unsettling reminders of what it had once been—a single office chair, sitting alone in a beam of moonlight; a desk, its drawers ripped half out; a filing cabinet spilling its papers across the floor, not important enough to be salvaged from the hollow corpse of the building—it was totally empty. The location made it inhospitable to the homeless, and teenagers and junkies both apparently preferred the easy access of the other buildings, because Dean hadn’t found any sign that another person had set foot inside here since it was first locked up, however many years before . Which made it ideal for his purpose.
“Okay, well,” Rick said, running his hand through his hair, finally looking uncomfortable, as if only now registering that he’d interrupted Dean’s dinner. “I’ll leave you to your food.”
When Sam had first been learning how to use the power, he’d been told to try and feel where it lived in the centre of him and then pull it out, but it had never felt like that to him. It was more like turning on a faucet, a lever somewhere deep inside of him where the power was just waiting behind it, ready to pour out of him the second he allowed it to. It wasn’t something he had to
When Alex lunged forward, it was with an abruptness that made it so much more obvious how quickly the ways in which his body was contorting itself were travelling away from what was natural, what was human. There was no tensing of the muscles, no preparing to move; just Alex, standing, and then Alex, moving, the motion twisting and jerking his limbs like he suddenly had far more joints than he’d had before. The congregants had continued to move away from him, but it was a dense crowd, and those at the outside edges, out of sight and with no idea what was happening, were less quick to move, getting in the way of those closest to the centre. They were still so near him, had nowhere to go. By the time Dean finally cleared the crowd and drew his gun, decades of training and experience overriding his shock and horror at seeing what had happened to Alex, Alex had already traversed the remaining distance between him and the crowd. He wasn’t quite fast enough though, was still raising the gun to aim it when Alex slammed into the nearest civilian, sending both him and the man to the ground as he ripped into the man’s throat with his open mouth, jaw finally closing with a sickening crunch, wet and tearing.
“Maybe… ” Dean grins, Cas smiles back at him and shakes his head. Dean puts down his empty whisky glass and stands, turning to offer his hand to Cas.
“I would’ve loved you for a lifetime.” Dean says, still forceful, although the words are gentler this time. “Leave it all behind,”
“We’re home!” Dean calls into the bunker. He and Sam carry their duffel bags down the stairs and leave them on the ground. Jack comes barreling down the hall from the direction of his room with a grin, Cas follows him at a walk.
With a clawed hand gripping Dean’s face, he feels himself losing consciousness, sinking out of their painful reality and into darkness.
“I care for Dean deeply, and I admit, in a different way than I do you and Jack. But I would not base my humanity on a single man. I care about this universe. I care about my family. I want to experience life with all of you, the way any other human would.”
“Jack?” Cas says aloud, looking upward. “Can-can you- he didn’t deserve-” But he’s not even sure how to ask. “Please?” he says and Sam is crying so Cas whispers, not wanting to cause him more pain with his own grief.
“Well, what do you want? You must have had some fantasies, right?” She asks, Dean nods. Cas pops up in his head, carding gentle fingers through unruly hair, warm arms around shaking shoulders, soft smiles and lazy morning kisses. Something that he was never meant to have.
His body would be burnt, the funeral would be lonely and dry, Bobby might show if he lives long enough, Sam might try to bring him back if Dean doesn’t get a chance to tell him not to.
Sam pats Dean on the back, puts away the rest of the groceries and claps Cas on the shoulder on the way out. Dean opens the pie with reverence and digs in immediately.
If he doesn’t tell Cas now, he’ll have to build up the courage again tomorrow, and if he keeps putting it off, they’ll run out of time. So he turns down the music.
Dean was okay with himself finally, and when Cas was nearly killed by another angel on a hunt, Dean decided to hell with it, and kissed him.
“Not quite.” Cas sighs. “But I’m not much of an angel anymore either, I thought if I was careful I could save my grace. But it’s diminishing on its own as well.”
Jack watches Dean settle into heaven. He seems happy. Not peaceful, not at home. Cas is on earth, but time passes quickly in heaven, it’s not Dean he’s worried about. He can hear Cas’ prayers, and he can feel himself aching to help. Begging himself to make an exception. They’re your family goddamn it. Make an exception.
“I want you to know…” He starts, swallows roughly then tries again, “Everything you said about me, every wonderful thing you said you feel about me, I feel it too.”
“But you didn’t have to do it alone, We woulda done something, we would’ve- I would have been there for you,” He emphasizes it with another light shove on the shoulder, readjusting his grip.
“Tell me…?” Cas asks softly, his face is a mix of hope, confusion, and complete surprise so quickly it might’ve been funny in any other conversation. Dean lets Cas process for a minute, lets himself process.
“I thought you just didn't want to stay.” Dean whispers, hesitant. Cas’ hand finds his, squeezing gently. If Dean were to look up from their joined hands and into Cas’ eyes, he would see the guilt and desperation and love Cas holds for him. But he keeps his eyes cast downward at Cas’ hand rubbing soothing circles over his knuckles.
Another ten minutes and Cas calls Sam. Sam wouldn’t ignore him, so when there’s no answer there either, he begins to worry. That’s when his phone clicks off in his hand. Dead.
Cas doesn’t say anything. He only looks at Dean like he’s not sure what to make of him, but he’s touched all the same. Dean takes a few deep breaths and pours himself another glass of whiskey, trying to keep his emotions in check before he speaks again.
“I don’t know about you, and I know there’s an apocalypse we should be dealing with, but I kind of don’t want to be alone right now,” Dean jokes with watery eyes.
“I’m happy with it, I chose this, in fact. The smells, the taste, the feeling of the air on your skin… I could never feel all the simple things before. It’s beautiful.”
“Sammy!” he calls, and Sam stumbles over, looking as worried as Dean feels. Sam reaches out for Cas’ neck with two fingers and looks up at Dean, relieved.
He eats quickly and once it’s gone, he realizes how hungry he must have been. There’s nowhere left to go and all he has now is his dying phone and fifty cents. He calls Dean again. No answer.
Once they’re back at the bunker, it’s early afternoon and none of them have eaten. Cas sits on the stool at the kitchen table while Dean gets out a frying pan and sets to work on three burgers.
Back at the bunker, they’re greeted by a dog, and Cas squats to bury his face in her fur. Sam throws the keys down on the table, more carelessly than Dean would have ever allowed, and then he puts down a beer in front of Cas, uncapping one for himself as well.
“Don’t be. You’ve always done what you thought was best. As have I. We deserve this.” Dean nods, tears springing to his eyes. He steps closer and hugs Cas, holding him like he’s never been held before. Cas could die happily in Deans arms.
“Thank you, Sam.” Cas smiles, Dean returns a moment later with three bottles, which he hands off to Sam and Cas.
Cas can’t say anything, his eyes wide and brimming with tears. He almost hates Sam for telling him, but he holds the words close to his chest all the same.
It’s not until evening, well after the sun has set, that Sam and Eileen head back to Sam’s room. Jack goes back to heaven, and suddenly it’s just Dean and Cas. Cas looks like he’s trying to find an excuse to leave. Or a reason to stay. So Dean refills his glass and then his own glass, taking a small sip without taking his eyes off Cas.
Maybe all the stupid thoughts Dean has in regards to Cas happen to Cas about Dean too. Of course he had heard every word of what Cas had said, he’s always known that Cas cares. But it never really sunk in.
Back at the hotel, they get together their arsenal, and Dean puts the location of the vamp hideout into his phone. Sam comes out of the bathroom, jacket on and ready to go, and Dean honestly doesn’t want to go into a hunt without making up with his brother. It’s a petty fight anyway.
The knife is drawn back, and maybe if Cas had thought a little quicker, maybe if he had another second to make a move… but the words had taken him by surprise, knocking the air from his lungs, he knew they could be true, it was an insecurity Cas had been trying so hard to force out of his head, but to hear it spoken aloud rattled him to the core. The angel raises the blade, it’s not even an angel blade, Cas’ mortality is threatening, his life can be taken easily now, a simple bullet, a blade in the right place, not enough sleep or food… he feels weak.
“Oh. Well then yeah. I guess settling down would be nice. I don’t really need anyone else though. I have you and Cas and Jack. That’s enough family for me.”
“Good. Cool, that’s good, that you’re okay.” Claire says with a laugh in her voice. “Wait, cold? I thought you couldn’t feel cold.”
He fell from grace, he fell for Dean, he just keeps falling. And he knows Dean feels something more for him than what he acknowledges, but Cas doesn’t know exactly how Dean feels it, and he isn’t sure Dean ever wants to actually act on it, so he’s content to just exist beside him. Dancing around the living room with the man he loves, and it occurs to him that this is far more intimate than he had initially noticed.
“I’m sorry if that’s inconvenient for you.” Cas deadpans and Dean catches him by the sleeve before he can turn and walk away.
Sometimes he and Dean go to the Dean-Cave and watch movies, and sometimes they settle onto Dean’s bed with his laptop and netflix because the Dean Cave is too big and spacey, and it feels nice to be right next to each other.
“I thought… I knew he cared, I didn’t know.” Dean nods, everyone else had known. They could have had this. “He didn’t know either.”
“There’s no rush.” Dean shakes his head smiling. “Not anymore. A road trip might be nice. Congratulations by the way.”
Over the next few days, somehow Dean and Cas continue to be the last ones awake. Sometimes, Dean suggests they go for a ride, and so he makes them coffee, despite it being night, and they put it in a big travel mug, but they only have one, so they have to share it. Dean takes them to Target and they buy two more travel mugs, because they really do need their own, plus one for Sam or Jack.
When he hangs up the phone, Cas looks back at him expectantly. Dean’s brain is on overload, and he wants to tell Cas that he’s fucking pissed, but he also wants nothing more than to tell him that he feels the same. And yet everyone is gone.
“I would do the same for you. Hell, I’d do almost anything for you,” He swallows hard, looking away. “It terrifies me, man. It fucking terrifies me what I would do if it meant you were okay.”
“You are foolish.” Cas flinches at the yell, crowded tighter against the cold brick wall, the angel’s dark eyes looking angrily into his, “You really think he feels the same way? That he would do the same for you had the roles been reversed? You can love him with all your human heart has to offer, you could bleed out all your blood for him and he will still not love you back, Castiel, you have to know that don’t you?” Cas swallows, but gives no reaction. “They don’t care,”
Dean nods, Cas Can see the hesitation and the fear and the hope and guilt and... everything. He can feel the way Dean has been ripped apart countless times, every day since he was four years old. Cas feels like he’s been torn apart as well. They can smooth over their scars together, heaven and hell know they themselves have been the reason for some of them.
He won't go out swinging. He has a full life still ahead of him, Cas by his side, his brother down the road, his family not so far away.
“Yeah, she brought up dad,” Sam sighs. “I didn’t realize… I mean the way we grew up will always affect us, but I didn’t realize how much he was still holding on to.”
During the day, Dean and Cas don’t sit any closer than they normally would,, granted they already sat too close, but Dean never reached for Cas’ hand. Cas never leaned in too close when Dean was talking. They were different, but to the rest of the world, they were the same.
“Good,” Cas says. Dean is looking at Cas like he’s not convinced he’s real, he moves his hand from Cas’ face to the back of his neck.
Except Dean has been open with his sexuality, even if he hasn’t stated it outright. He doesn’t shy away from admitting that he finds the male lead in a movie hot in addition to the female leads, and he lets his hand linger on Cas’ shoulder for far too long. He’s become himself. He’s become free. Cas can feel it too, and he seems to return the sentiment. Dean still fears Cas is only matching Dean’s movements. Maybe the ex-angel does not feel the same way. It’s not because he’s an angel, Dean reminds himself, Gabriel had no problem with love and desire. But Cas was always different.
