He sat in silence for another long set of moments. Dean didn’t speak, but Cas didn’t hear any sound of movement, either. It must have been a mark of how much Dean’s heat had waned that Castiel was able to stand and move away from the door.
He closed the app with finality and sighed deeply before setting his phone back on the charger. He might as well keep the app for a few days; Balthazar would likely be on to his next scheme to get Castiel laid by then. That didn’t mean he had to use it. Besides, Balthazar was surely checking in to make sure he still had an active profile from his own.
Silence settles again, but this time it’s strained with something else. Dean looks up at Cas, who is gazing at him with an inscrutable expression. Dean breathes deep, inhaling the musky notes of sandalwood and vanilla again, thickened in the humid summer air, closing his eyes as it overwhelms his senses.
Dean’s mouth was dry, but luckily Cas answered, gripping Dean’s hand tightly. “We have. We agreed to do as many rounds of intrauterine insemination as were practical before making a decision on anything more invasive, but . . .”
“Can I try?” Dean hesitates, then nods. Castiel pulls his power to his palms, the way he had that night, gathering his strength to press into Dean. That first time, he’d simply touched his shoulder through Dean’s shirt, but it would be more effective through the skin . . .
He hated the tone of skepticism in her voice. He imagined the arched brow that accompanied it. “We’ve had . . . a difficult start.”
The skies opened and a light rain began to fall. Castiel flinched at the droplets, squinting hard at Dean’s open face and wide eyes before sighing. “Fine.”
“Gonna come, Cas,” Dean gasped, attempting to push Cas away, but Cas wasn’t deterred. He reached down to slide two fingers into Dean’s swollen, soaked hole, seeking directly for his prostate.
“Oh, I know. Your lack of contact with that worm was one of the reasons why I could convince the board to let you do your little project. You know, they outvoted me four to one? Wanna know why you’re here
The question was quiet, tentative, and made Dean shiver. He looked at Castiel, but the alpha was still gazing straight ahead. Dean shrugged.
talked about this, but right now . . . it felt like giving up. Cas gave his hand another squeeze, and Dean took a deep, shaky breath.
“Wanna join?” Charlie asked brightly from the floor. Dean shook his head, cold panic trickling down his spine.
“Gotta go to the other side of town,” Dean says, leading Cas on a path back toward the road. “We’ll have to take the road for a bit.”
“Excuse me,” he said, practically elbowing Samuel Winchester, with his ludicrously long hair, out of the way before shielding Hannah’s exposed calves from view.
“Come in,” came the slimy voice from behind the door. Dean opened it, poking his head around cautiously.
“Vinehall prepared me for my future,” said a redhead with striking blue eyes, a graduation cap perched on her pretty head. “It will do the same for yours.”
He pushed himself from the sofa and went to his bedroom. He fished through his underwear drawer until he found the ridiculous, tiny silk boxer shorts Balthazar had bought him for Christmas last year claiming the electric blue would bring out his eyes. He slipped out of his pajamas and slid them on, adjusting his rapidly chubbing cock into the pouch in front so it was framed nicely. He looked around the room for the moment, wondering if he should add anything else before his gaze fell on his favorite blue silk tie and the birthday hat from the celebration at work today. Feeling slightly giddy, he looped the tie around his neck and placed the hat on his head at an angle. He quickly headed into the bathroom and adjusted everything until he worried he was taking too long and Dean would lose interest. He turned to the full-length mirror and angled his phone so that the picture would catch all of him but wouldn’t hide any of his features. He took three, until he finally was satisfied with one and sent it before he could stop himself.
The “looking for” section listed friendship, dates, or relationships, though that was stretching the truth. Castiel knew exactly what Balthazar was angling for when he created this. In fact, the smaller box at the bottom of the screen contained suspiciously few words, and Castiel growled.
He tried to remember everything he’d learned about the proper way to greet alphas of a higher social ranking than you.
“Joshua’s usually doing his rounds in the community center, but that doesn’t mean we still shouldn’t be quiet, Dean,” Cas said, circling behind the altar and crouching down. A set of keys jingled while Cas fiddled with something on the back side of the altar before emerging with a bottle of wine and two goblets.
Then there had been cramping, and bleeding, and a rushed trip to the hospital where sympathetic but detached doctors had told them it was common and would run its course. They were very sorry.
The blood drained from Castiel’s face. How could Adler possibly know? Shit, he hoped his suppressants and blockers were working as well as Gabriel thought they were, because the sheer panic he was feeling had to be permeating his scent.
Michael offered his arm, and with only a moment of hesitation, Dean accepted. He allowed himself be led onto the dance floor and pulled into a tight dance hold. The irony of the situation was not lost on Dean. Michael’s arms were strong, but his hands were cold. Dean could still feel the heat of Cas’s hand in his own, but it was quickly replaced with the cool, smooth feeling of Michael’s. Michael led them gracefully around the dance floor, which slowly emptied of couples as they realized what was happening.
“Yeah, okay,” Dean said, and he moved back enough to pull his shirt over his head and push his pants down past his ankles.
“It’s all here in your profile, Mr. Novak,” the nurse said curtly. “Everything is in order. I’ll have the physician come in shortly. First, a few routine questions. How old are you?”
“Damn,” he said, then immediately launched himself back to Cas’s lips, nibbling on the lower one, begging entrance with his tongue. Cas laid back and tried to respond in kind, following Dean’s lead. Dean climbed onto the bed and straddled Cas’s hips, his clothed cock slotting into Cas’s hip. Cas gasped at the solid length of him. Dean was big, probably larger than Cas, and Cas rocked his hips up against Dean, chasing the friction.
“Shh, sweetheart, you have to relax,” Cas breathes, soothing Dean. He reaches up for a kiss, gently tracing feather-light circles on Dean’s obliques. Dean kisses Cas, legs wrapped around his waist as Cas starts to press in again. Dean takes his length more easily now, and then Cas is in to the hilt, his knot nudging at Dean’s entrance. He’s never felt so full, so complete.
“This way,” Dean says, stumbling into his bedroom just to their right, flipping on the lights while stripping off his shirt. “Too many clothes,” he says, turning back to Cas.
By some fluke of birth he’d been given rank and privilege. He’d promised himself a long time ago that he would try to use it for good, that he would make up for the mistakes of his past. His hand drifted toward the pendant he wore under his shirt, touching the small lump there. Perhaps he was, finally, on the edge of beginning to fulfill that promise.
He led the way into a comfortable lounge, complete with a couch and several easy chairs. Dean looked around, then settled himself into one of the chairs across from the door. Cas moved into a chair nearby, where he could look directly at Dean, while Hannah sat beside him and Garth sprawled on the couch.
“Dean,” he said, watching Dean’s shoulders stiffen. “We are going to use the stories collected to share at the omega rights rally in January. I’d like you to verbally acknowledge that you are consenting to have us share your story in public, with or without your presence on that day. Do you understand the situation and agree that we may use the information gathered here?”
“Okay, sunshine, time to get up,” a deep, quiet voice drones. He grunts when he’s shaken again, this time swatting at whoever is attempting to wake him. “Damn, you are
Dean can’t leave his bed on his own for another three days. Sam helps him to the bathroom and back as needed, but Dean is too embarrassed to ask to go to the one place he really wants to be.
Cas nods, then flicks his fingers and sets the small fire ablaze with a spark. Dean will never not be fascinated by watching people perform useful spells like that.
Gabriel tosses Castiel a pair of jeans from the drawer closest to the door. “That’s the spirit! C’mon, get dressed and put your book away. You’re gonna come meet my friends.”
Dean leaned over to the bedside table and pulled out a strip of condoms and a quarter-full bottle of lube. He made a series of reverent noises as he eased Castiel’s shorts over the swell of his ass. Castiel groaned as Dean pulled his cheeks apart and exposed his tight hole to the air. The head of his cock was caught in the fabric of the front of his shorts, and with every move the satin pulled tight over it making him moan. The pop of a cap made Castiel shudder.
Sam’s exclamation broke Dean from his thoughts in time to see the pair of looming wrought-iron gates rise up out of the trees before them. True to the school’s namesake, massive amounts of vines twisted through the gates and along the fence that ran off into the distance beside them. Bobby pulled up to a speaker box and pressed the button.
Zachariah was standing near the front of the room, a glass of champagne in hand, his scent thick with pride. If he’d had wings, they would have been puffed out like his chest. Dean stopped, struggling to get his breathing under control.
Charlie once again led the way, sliding into the booth opposite Crowley. Castiel settled next to her, grim imagination settling over him. He shouldn’t have brought her here. He was an absolute fool for allowing this. Faced with this frighteningly cheerful man, all he could focus on was how to get Charlie out of the bar without falling prey to whatever dark forces frequented the bar. She was his family - his
Castiel nodded. He wouldn’t have it any other way. And if the witch did try anything with Dean? Well, Castiel would do everything he could to shield him from harm. He fought to calm himself as he scrambled for his clothing, pulling on a blind jumble of pants from the floor and an old sweatshirt from the top of the laundry pile.
When Dean passed through the portal it sealed behind him like a suddenly healed wound. The princesses gasped and flocked to their precious hatch as Dean sidestepped around them. And then, still invisible, he walked out of the palace and through the forest to the home he shared with his brother.
The bartender took this bottle to a counter in the back, drew a key from a chain inside her shirt, and unlocked a black case squatting before the back mirror. Castiel could see amber and crystalline gleams from the bottles within as she set in his proffered bottle. One small vial glowed faintly purple with the telltale leach of magic. He glanced at Dean and then the vial, making sure Dean tracked it, too.
“Dean,” Castiel gasped like speaking Dean’s name mattered, like it could fly down from his window and reach Dean. A little cotton candy puff of a pie fell away and rolled under the coffee table. Out of long habit Castiel retrieved the pie, set it on top of his table, and went to the window. He pulled the curtains to the side again and stared down at the street uselessly. The rumble of the Impala was gone already. There was nothing to see. He stared at his half reflection in the window pane.
“Oh,” Dean said, staring again with those intense, curious eyes. He looked abashed now. “I’ve been taking night classes and the more people I have to talk to the easier it seems and…”
Heaven must have made Dean mellow, because when Castiel flaps into the passenger seat of the Impala, he just rolls a lazy grin at him. “Was starting to wonder when you’d show up. I see Jack gave you your wings.” He drew his mouth to the side, consideringly. “Or is that just a Heaven thing? Can I do that to?”
Afterward, when the buzz of orgasm and alcohol had eased into something pleasantly fuzzy, Dean asked, “If I stay, will you close Harroway’s doorway? If the princesses can’t dance, people will stop throwing themselves at the mystery of their shoes and—”
“My whole life,” Dean muttered, image sputtering now like a failing hologram. “My whole life.” His look was sudden and jarring in its directness as he met Castiel’s gaze. He looked lost. Afraid. Small. “Where’s Sam?” he asked. Dean’s voice fell into something small and achingly young. “Where’s my dad?”
The bar was dark and dingy, but Castiel felt like he knew every inch intimately by now. Fear could do that. His nightmares recreated every detail, every scent of the place.
Castiel closed his eyes and thought about the flavor of it and how the words might build on his tongue - how the words would taste to build that pie. It would be a deceptively simple concept, like a summer farm field, warm and sunny and inviting and yet wonderfully complex - just like Dean. Sometimes when he made a pie by magic, he imagined that he could see inside the person he was making the pie for and tailor it just to them. Castiel felt that way now, like he could reach into Dean’s fondest memory and pull out only the perfection that remained.
“He doesn’t have much,” Charlie said, a note of panic in her voice. “Neither do I. We’re just little fish, big pond, you know?”
While Dean cooked, Castiel wrestled the sheep from the Jeep into the house, closing it up in a room that had once been a small home office. He left the sheep sourly grazing on a pile of paperwork and headed into the small kitchen. Dean laughed as Castiel joined him. “You smell like livestock, man.” When Castiel scowled, he shrugged. “And now we’re even.”
Dean rubs the back of his neck and grimaces an apology made apparent when he says, “Didn’t know I could last time.”
“I remember Sam,” Dean mused quietly instead, slowly returning to focus. “Remember watching him grieving and trying to reach out. It was so hard to break through, back then. Wanted to tell him how sorry I was, you know?” Illusory tears gleamed in his eyes. “I remember Sammy.”
Dean groaned like a dying animal, and turned his chin away from Castiel. “The fuck?” he asked blearily, eyes slowly fluttering open. “Fuck times’it?” His eyes first focused on Castiel, then shifted to the roll bar of the Jeep. Dean stared at it for a long moment, a computer recalibrating. Then he sucked in a huge breath and sat up, breath turning shallow as he looked around. “The fuck, Cas?” he asked as memory returned. “What did you do?”
Castiel felt his face crumple then - out of relief or worry, or some horrible, unnamable mix of emotion. He dropped his head into his trembling hands. “Fuck,” he said into his palms. After a time, he said, “Guess that website was full of shit.”
“Mmm, I suppose you could call my kingdom that. But do not worry. That was only food. Only wine turns your head fuzzy.” He leaned in and winked clumsily. “I am not immune to it,” he assured Dean, and stepped on his toe. Laughing, stumbling a little, he continued, “Did you not sate your thirst? Your hunger?” Castiel’s regard centered on Dean’s mouth.
Ganet Hospital was a sprawling complex that took up an entire block in Castiel’s neighborhood. There were multiple entrances for the different care wards - entrances that Castiel had never needed to navigate. Now, he made his best guess as he attempted to storm the hospital.
“Yes. Sam,” Castiel said carefully. “You’re going to get better.” If he could will something into existence, this would be it.
Castiel steps forward and takes Dean’s hand. It’s warm. Castiel can feel Dean’s heartbeat, real and earnest.
The pie looked perfectly summery, full of juneberries and plump raspberries that had released their juice in a lacy froth against the finely latticed crust.
If cities were hotbeds of virus-maddened humanity, rural areas were either paranoid enclaves or abandoned entirely. Whenever they passed another occupied vehicle, the encounter was always weighted with fear. Castiel and Dean would eye the other vehicle warily, and get the same in return. Only after several minutes of solitude on the road would a sense of safety begin to return. There was just as much to fear from humans, after all.
He let instinct carry him out of the kitchen and to the door. Castiel grabbed his coat from the hook and slung it on. Grabbed his shoes and held them in his hand as he swung open the door. He was in the driver’s seat of his rental before he half understood what he was doing. Castiel set his finger against the ignition button and stared for a moment at the Winchester’s front door. Maybe Dean would come rushing out after him. Plead for him to stay. Let him explain.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Probably, he says.” He peered down low through the windshield, looking under the lip of the boat at the surrounding sky. “Getting dark. We should find a place to bunk down.”
Castiel fished out his wallet and handed over his driver’s license to the guard, who gave it a cursory glance before handing it back. “Have fun!” he said cheerfully, and waved Castiel through. As Castiel skirted past the desk to the bank of elevators the guard had indicated, he saw him settle back in his chair and snap the comic page of a newspaper upright in front of him.
The apartment was still, except for the motes of dust dancing in the slanted light. It was almost as though there was nobody but himself, but then—
, sitting on the other end of the couch. The ghost blinked in surprise. “Thanks,” he said after a long moment.
Dean knelt next to him, purple and pale. “I can feel it,” he whispered. His eyes were hollow again, shadowed deeply over exhausted cheekbones. “I don’t know why I couldn’t before.”
Dean peered through the doorway just in time to watch as the eldest princess, raven-haired and bedecked brightly as a bird, descended into a great hatch in the middle of their floor. Swearing silently, Dean crept into the room, and followed the princesses down.
For a moment, the garden held no sound except for muffled gunfire as their fellow hunters died behind the sanitarium’s brick walls. And then Lucifer opened his eyes again and grinned widely. He lifted one hand, waved it jauntily, and Dean flew across the bushes and cracked against a pale concrete wall that penned in the roses.
“Wonder where he is.” The question turned tinny like it had been murmured into an empty can. Dean blinked out with his entire body, before flashing back half embedded in the counter. When he looked up at Castiel again, his eyes were lost, gaze distant. “Where’s Sam?”
Dean reached for him and then dropped his hand before it even drew close, and Castiel knew he was looking at the crimson scab cutting a jagged line across Castiel’s cheekbone.
“Yep.” Ahead, they could see the gate and several dark figures converging on it. “Might have to fight our way out,” Dean said tightly.
“Tell us and we’ll let you live,” Dean said, pressing a white line of tension against the man’s throat again.
A strange calm fell over Castiel. They were, as Dean would say, thoroughly fucked. If he could break free from the vines which held him, he could help Dean. There was still fight left in him. He could hear Lucifer’s demons thundering through the Palm House. He could hear Lucifer’s enraged shouts. There was
As the sun painted fire along the horizon, they wrapped up in the warmth of each other, hidden in the boughs of the willow tree with the strawberry-sweet flavor of their love between them.
From its highest rooftops, Maltese City was an uneven, gray-green checkerboard in the springtime. Old trees lined residential streets, spreading wide over the pavement and buckling sidewalks so that the inner rings of the city resembled an above-ground rabbit warren of gently paved hillocks fronting homes and apartments. Rooftop gardens scraped the sky - both planned and escaped, landscaping the birds-eye-view with pale green and brown, and vibrant purple and yellow sand flowers. The residents of Maltese had more or less given up trying to control its growth, putting efforts towards maintenance instead. City-employed gardeners dotted the occasional rooftop in the cooler morning hours, easily visible in their bright red uniforms and appearing like tracer dye moving through a vast organism.
Wholly focused on his task, the clunk of a heavy object hitting the floor just a few feet away made Castiel yelp. The last pie fell into his hands, a third of it mashed into a disgusting mass of cheese and apple.
“I’ve been busy,” Castiel insisted. “I just finished year-end close. You know I’ve been working crazy hours.”
Alicia grinned, plucked off the bee, and tossed it into her mouth. “Tip accepted,” she said, blowing him a kiss. Castiel flashed a two-fingered salute to her, proper as a Boy Scout, and then turned to survey the grounds.
Dean reached out and trailed a finger along Castiel’s jaw. “‘Course,” he said, roughly. “It helps to start with a spark.” Turning Castiel to him, Dean dipped low. Castiel’s lips were warm and soft with surprise at first, but they quickly turned greedy as he returned the kiss.
That became a mantra for the morning. He had opted to close the truck for the day, feeling far too jittery to work with customers. Instead, he went for a long run, pushing his body and letting the strain of his muscles and the harsh pulse of his breath crowd out the worry that something would go wrong.
Dean dropped his head. “Yeah.” Gradually, with only the muffled sounds of the Market nearby, Dean’s breathing steadied. His hand soothed against the rock, fingers relaxing up into Castiel’s palm.
Castiel instinctively retreated a step into the shelter of his truck while his traitorous mind committed every detail of Dean’s tongue swiping his lower lip to memory.
Nothing happened, except the creak of boards as his house groaned around him. “Maybe I’m supposed to…” Castiel cleared his throat. “Are you there?”
Afterward, he slipped into a smooth state of relaxed release. Castiel lay back indulgently lazy, and let Dean clean them both gently with a far corner of the sheet before flipping it back down to the end of the bed. Castiel shivered at the cold and was rewarded for it by Dean pulling the covers up around them and wrapping himself around Castiel like they were two nested shells. Words were inadequate, so Castiel closed his eyes and let his breath trickle out, melting into Dean’s embrace. Dean pressed one final kiss against the base of his neck before settling his mouth there and slowing his own breathing to match. Warmed by each other, they slept.
The eggs were halfway cooked, runny at the edges but firming up nicely in the middle, when an ecstatic exclamation burst out of him. “Thank god you’re waking up! Dean, thank god you’re
Castiel used the silence between them to try to gather his thoughts. He hated his curse. It had ruined his life in so many ways. But it was still a part of him and, he realized with a jolt, he was
The ghost grimaced. “Sorry?” Dean said. He held out his hands, and then crouched down. His fingers passed into the wood. “Uh, I’d help you clean it up but…”
Castiel was so surprised that he looked up and made the mistake of meeting Dean’s eye. What he saw there riveted and wrecked him. Dean gazed at him steadily, eyes soft, concern and affection making him seem warm and approachable. The ugly rose of his bruise bloomed along his jaw. Castiel wanted to kiss him, desperately.
Frost cracked along the coffee table. Castiel swore, long and creatively. But he shook out both hands, slowly reached forward, and placed his fingers back onto the planchette. “Spirit?” Castiel asked tentatively. “Are you there?”
Dr. Davies was another beta, which Castiel supposed was unsurprising, since he oversaw the health of omegas. If Zachariah’s attitude towards Castiel being alone with them in an academic setting was typical, he couldn’t imagine an alpha being allowed to care for their health. Dr. Davies had a rough British accent and startling eyes. He took various measurements of Castiel’s vital signs, checked his ears, eyes, and throat, and pronounced him in perfect, vital health for a young alpha. He administered the first injection of suppressants, with a directive to follow up in three weeks for the second round, and Castiel was sent on his way.
“Thanks, Charlie,” he said, smiling at her as she gave him her traditional Vulcan salute on her way down the street to meet up with some of her other friends.
Dean’s stomach was twisted into a hundred knots, sharp, stabbing pain under his ribs. He felt like he was going to crack wide open, struggling to breathe, when suddenly Cas’s hand was on his knee, warm and solid. He looked up into blue eyes shimmering with tears.
, Dean. By the most powerful alpha in the entire country, and I have no idea how you ended up in his sights, but you have no idea how much danger we are in right now and that is unacceptable to me.”
Before a panic attack could seize him, Dean rushed back to his dorm and threw the door open. “Kev, get decent. We’re going
“For our records only, please state your name and designation.” “All right. Dean Winchester, male omega.”
“Never fear, o anal-retentive one! I have found suitable lodgings that do not require I trespass upon your
Cas lets the subject go and stays quiet again through the afternoon of their journey, but that doesn’t stop the buzzing under Dean’s skin. He flexes his fingers to keep them from grabbing his forearm like he wants to. The burning is getting stronger, and he doesn’t want to stop to think about what that means. If nothing else, it means they’ve gotta be faster.
His limbs are taking longer; his hands and feet still tingle with pins and needles, which Sam says is something called “neuritis” and happens when the blood flow to the nerves is restricted for an extended period of time. He’s got most of his strength back, but he’s slow-moving while it feels like tiny knives are stabbing the bottom of his feet with every step.
“You’re fuckin’ gorgeous, Cas, anybody ever tell you that?” Dean whispered, nudging Castiel’s jaw so that he exposed the soft, tender skin of his throat. Castiel gasped as Dean pressed tiny, fluttering kisses into the pulse point there. Castiel ached with the need to touch.
“Better,” Castiel sighed, relaxing into the pillows. Dean chuckled, then eased Castiel the rest of the way out of his underwear, sliding them down over Castiel’s legs and discarding the damp garment on the floor.
How long had it been since they’d left? Had Hannah managed to catch Dean? Perhaps she was driving, and couldn’t answer the phone.
“Yeah, man, I’m good,” Dean said, standing and wiping his forehead. Kevin looked skeptical, but didn’t say anything. Instead, he handed Dean an envelope.
While Sam shows Castiel around the apartment, Gabriel makes a beeline for what is probably the kitchen, clearly comfortable in the space. As Sam leads him around, Castiel begins to relax. The apartment is clearly shared by several males, testosterone thick in their collective scent soaking all of the soft surfaces, but it isn’t oppressive, and Sam is probably the least threatening alpha Castiel has ever encountered. His notes in the shared scent are the lighter ones; they remind Castiel of sea breezes and afternoon sunshine. Castiel wonders if Sam puts everyone at ease as readily as he’s made Castiel.
It smelled like antiseptic, sharp and astringent, with just a hint of Gabriel and Charlie’s scents. He nodded tersely, and both betas exhaled in relief. Charlie set about spritzing the scent-soaking items in the room, just in case. Castiel handed her the sweater sheepishly.
Cas had stopped in the middle of unpacking and was staring at the thickening chocolate on the stove. Dean blushed and ran his hand over the back of his neck.
Castiel lay in his bed that night turning the note over and over in his mind. The clock beside his bed read two in the morning; his headaches and the constant need to vomit kept him awake most of the night. Perhaps Hannah was right and he should postpone his next dose. The doctor wouldn’t notice if he put it off until next week, right? It wasn’t as though he was going to skip it altogether; he would just give it a few days to see if his symptoms would level off.
Castiel was still sore enough on Monday morning that he briefly considered calling in to work just to avoid Balthazar’s judgmental eye. Any other day of the semester and he might have done it, but the funding committee for his grant was coming in to meet with him and the department chair before the official grant-authorizing ceremony later that week. There was a luncheon that afternoon, and he would have to help guide them around campus, then show them the setup for the project, and finally on Thursday night there would be a ceremony and banquet for the program and its donors. Castiel blushed deeply when he thought of wearing his tuxedo, but he didn’t have much choice. It was a black-tie only event and, unfortunately, he would be expected to attend.
“No, burgers make me very happy,” Cas said, taking a bite. He groaned around it, making Charlie laugh.
Jack must have sensed the change in Dean’s mood, must have scented it even as Dean could not. “I—I apologize. I’ve been learning more about the world without my powers, and secondary genders, and I thought . . . you and Castiel . . . your scents . . .”
“Look, I know you rich alpha types are gonna push ‘til you get what you want, but let me tell you now: leave the breeder outside or get lost.”
Gabriel whistled low between his teeth, but didn’t say anything. Cas nodded and took another drink of water.
Castiel nearly fell off the bench at the deep voice that stirred something warm within him. He looked up into the over-bright eyes of Dean Winchester.
Castiel squinted at the small box in the top left corner. “At least you didn’t lie about my age,” he conceded.
Dean hitches his blanket tighter around his shoulders. He’s always cold, now, even fully dressed under his dead guy robe, blanket wrapped around him. It’s weird to get used to, since as an omega he’s always run hot. He shuffles around the bunker in his layers with his ginger steps like the old man he was always pretty sure he’d never grow to be. And he’s drawn to one place.
Cas’s arms are strong around him, one wrapped tight around his waist, the other pressing in a hard line up his back, and Dean has never felt more like an omega in the
Cas squints at him—which is definitely one of the things Dean thinks is endearing about him but is definitely
“Ah, the man of the hour!” the small redhead said in a lilting Scottish accent. She offered him her hand, and it only took a small amount of awkward shifting before he could shake it. “Rowena MacLeod.”
“No. No, take it from someone who . . . whose entire existence has been defined by being less . . . You’re a rare alpha, Cas Novak.”
Samuel cut across them. “Please, I insist.” Hannah blushed prettily, which caused an irrational rush of anger to surge through Castiel, though he was unable to refuse.
“A healing,” Cas replies, still crouched on Dean’s side of the fire. “You were in immense pain, so I performed a simple healing spell to try to relieve it.”
But . . . new security protocols, Charlie said. Ancient sigils no one can read, or find in any books. Weeks of searching, trying to find a way to bring back Dean and defeat Michael . . .
one he’s been certain is ‘the one.’” She chuckled and shook her head, her lively hair wobbling with the movement. “Anyway, how are
“I dunno, I’ve got so much homework,” Dean said, casting a glance back. In reality, Dean’s heart was fluttering madly in his chest. He couldn’t go see Charlie, couldn’t hear her talk about how Cas had helped her, what a wonderful alpha he was. He needed distance.
“Cas . . . bedroom . . . we should—” Cas cuts him off by lifting Dean into his arms and heading toward the hallway. Dean groans, wrapping his legs around the alpha’s waist, leaning down to suck an ear lobe into his mouth, laving the sensitive skin behind Cas’s ear with his tongue. Cas inhales sharply, dropping Dean in order to bare his throat and shove Dean’s nose directly into his scent gland. Dean breathes deeply, nipping at the gland, sucking hard enough to leave a mark.
Castiel surveyed the lake in front of them. The surface was dotted with a myriad of small sea crafts, anchored a little ways off shore. In the distance, larger ships and barges patrolled the water. “I can see why that would feel safe. More isolated.”
There was an entry point on land - a single gate on the southwestern end of the town. On the lake, the town maintained a more active port, with small and medium craft shuttling into the harbor. Dean had thrown a sharp elbow into Castiel’s side when they’d observed one of the boats debarking, men and women armed with weapons and bags of goods. “You think they’re pirates? Those look like pirates.” He asked this with a shadow of his old enthusiasm for the odd fascinations of his youth that still cropped up from time to time: cowboys, the open range, pirates with cutlasses cutting through the waters of the world.
That thought crushed him most of all and he curled in on himself, drawing his knees up to his chest.
Dean laughed at that, sharp and cold. “That ship sailed a long time ago. Years ago, man. We go back, we pull out anyone left at camp who can fight, and we go at him hard. Together. If you think you got something better than the Colt, you’re delusional. You don’t think I’ve looked for other options.”
” Dean stressed, “is with me. Give us the device and we’ll get out of your hair. We can get close enough.” He returned Bevell’s cool dismissal with a dose of his own. “Sounds like you’ve been floating in your little fortress doing jack shit. Leave it to the professionals, lady.”
Once inside, Castiel flicked on the lights against the encroaching darkness and locked his door securely behind them. The day had been far too harrowing; he didn’t think he’d be able to rest easily for days if not months or years. He closed his eyes for a moment, overwhelmed suddenly by a memory of the gun pointing at Dean and of the cold barrel kissing into his temple.
Castiel raised a tentative hand and when Dean relaxed into his touch, Castiel began to rub soothing circles across his back. He wanted to tell him how brave he was, and how grateful Castiel felt. What Dean had done - threatening Crowley like that - seemed incredibly dangerous. Several long moments later, Castiel returned to the keyboard. “You threatened him based off of so little.”
Castiel should not care about the pulse of humanity teeming like ants below but…that feeling is still there. He confessed it to Dean - to a human - to THE human he was sent into the wilderness to fetch and plant firmly in Heaven’s palm. Too terrified to hear his judgment, Castiel fled. But up here, in this spot of solace, Castiel wonders. What did Dean think of his confession? Would he see it as weakness, like the other angels? That wasn’t what he thought he felt, before he fled. It felt like approval. It felt like…acceptance.
“Right. Remember your raw food kick? I pity you, Eileen. Deeply.” Dean slid a finger towards the berry pie, only to have it swatted away by Castiel. He laughed. “It is kinda dangerous to date a baker,” Dean said, patting his stomach. “But nice.” Castiel narrowed his eyes at Dean’s shit-eating grin. “But
Over breakfast the next morning, Castiel emailed his realtor with the plan he’d sculpted overnight. He knew both himself and Sam Winchester had worked through agents to complete the sale. Surely he could convince his realtor to contact Sam’s realtor. Castiel would be in touch with Sam before the end of the day, his ghost problem would be solved, and he could move on with his life.
Dean hissed and stayed Castiel’s hands with his own. “Cas, I-- You’re my best friend, okay? You’ve been with me through some serious shit and I--”
Castiel wondered. They were testing the limits of his gift today, stretching them well beyond the confines of what he’d ever attempted before.
“Glad we’re on the same page, here.” Castiel jabbed the tip of his blade into the demon’s throat where it sizzled red sparks. “Tell me what you’re protecting,” Castiel demanded.
Castiel deflated. Dean had told Sam. Of course he had. What must they think, these two men so scarred by magic as children? He nodded, once. His fingertips pressed into the pie crust and it crumbled beneath the crush of his nails.
“Hey,” Dean said. He still looked sallow, cast in blue-gray shadows. But he settled against the bookshelf like he had weight to throw around.
In the waning light, Castiel studied their map, but he also studied Dean. He had rolled his jeans up to his knees, exposing pale skin above the water line. Dean moved slowly as he fished with their short line in the shallows, moving like a hunting crane with his eyes only on the water. He was beautiful in moments like these, losing himself in the quieter hunt that fishing provided.
Ketch must have seen some resolve in his eyes, because he shifted weakly against the soil stack and sighed before saying, “There’s a tool we have aboard our ship. A relic of a bygone era, that can pull even an archangel from its vessel. With the hyperbolic pulse generator, we can pull Lucifer out of the host body as easily as ripping out a demon. Disembodied, we’ll be able to cast him back into the cage with a spell we manufactured as soon as we realized the end times were beginning. If you free me now, we can both go to my ship. You’ll see the Men of Letters are the only hope for this sorry world against the scourge America unleashed on us all.”
Miserable, Castiel pulled himself up from the floor and made his way over to the couch. He collapsed on the cushions.
“But out of those halls,” Dean pressed. “Two dozen men or more have died exploring the mystery of the princesses’ shoes alone. You say this place reaches all over the world? Who else is suffering up there because of what’s going on down here.”
What could he say to that? Castiel swallowed against the nerves trying to bubble up in his throat. He waited, silence stretching between them while Dean glanced between him and his pie display, like he was trying to find a conversational opening. Finally, Castiel broke and tapped a quick prompt into his tablet. “What can I interest you in now?”
He waited and the words didn't come. The ground felt...distant...both above and below him. His feet detached from his body, and his hands as well. Sound became something high and distant. For all he knew, somebody else was holding onto Mrs. Middleton’s hand and praying for the power to heal her.
“Probably dead,” Dean said with a small shrug. “Maybe opening their door was their last will and testament.”
“Oh look, you brought a toy! You know I’ll only be cast out of little Sammy temporarily, right? And I’ve been riding this sweet vessel for so long, the shock of it might even kill him.” A pulse of energy began to emanate from the egg. “You’re making a mistake!” Then Lucifer began to howl and astonishingly, his grace began to glow around the edges of Sam Winchester’s body.
“It’s not the same,” Dean demurred. “We know it’s only an approximation and honestly? We’re still working out some bugs. But Ash thinks we’re really close.”
“Not cancelled. Just…pizza and movies like normal people. Right? No more magical espionage.” Charlie wrinkled her brow skeptically. “And you’re sure you’re fine?” Castiel nodded with more certainty than he felt. “Just like that, you’re okay with all of it?”
Dean filled the drive with amiable discussion about his prized Impala, but the conversation ceased when they parked and got out of the car on a street close to the Market’s south entrance.
Eileen watched the pie curiously, but immediately flicked her gaze back to Castiel’s face. She nodded. “He was asking her about your--” She gestured in what looked like it could be the sign for pie. “Pie...thing. And then he wanted to know where to find you.” She frowned. “It didn’t make sense. I thought I read his lips wrong.”
The longer Castiel stayed silent, the more shuttered Dean’s expression became. He hadn’t talked much about his family life since that day at the Market, but Castiel knew it began and ended these days with his brother Sam. He’d thought that Dean would be fine without him there, bolstered by his relationship with his brother. But he knew him well enough now to see that his sudden refusal to join the family outing was a blow to his ego at the very least. When Dean dropped his eyes, Castiel broke. Whatever the reason, Dean wanted him there. Badly. That much was obvious.
“These hold fertilizer, numb nuts,” the guard spat, voice moving away towards the mouth of the truck. “For the plants?”
“I guess I’ll just try a little bit in her mouth?” Charlie said, but her hands shook. Castiel looked at her with great sympathy. He couldn’t begin to imagine how she felt, but he could step in to ease her burden. Castiel took the pie and scooped a fingerful of the filling. With his other hand, he gently pulled down her lip and swiped the pie filling inside. Her mother’s lip closed over the ruby red filling.
After leaving Ketch cooling in his prison cell, Castiel had raced towards the back of the building, hoping to discover Dean still alive. Through the grimy windows, he’d seen Lucifer strolling through the garden, casting coy glances towards the woodland fringe surrounding the building. He was waiting for Dean in the garden alone - away from gunfire and distractions. Away from the chance of anyone else getting in a lucky shot and buying Dean just enough time to get
Lucifer looked back at Castiel, and his eyes blazed red with rage, but Castiel ignored the seething archangel. “Do it!” he yelled at Dean, but Dean was already pulling the golden egg from his pocket.
Dean’s eyes widened, his cool demeanor momentarily rattled. Castiel grinned to show he was teasing. “But you may like the pumpkin toffee? That’s been popular today.”
Castiel carefully spoke the last pie into existence, tongue flicking out to lick the remnant flavor from his lower lip as he set the small pie to cool with the others. The truck was a raucous bouquet of sweet spice and dough, exacerbated by the closed space. Castiel inhaled deeply then stood, stripping off his plastic gloves. He rolled his shoulders a little, trying to ease the tension from them. The movement stretched his aching side and Castiel rummaged under the counter before shaking ibuprofen from a bottle he kept there, and swallowing them down.
Castiel just needed an email address or a phone number. Or, if the realtor could pass along his information, Sam could contact him instead. It should have been easy to resolve.
One evening Castiel was preparing dinner when he stopped chopping vegetables and looked around him. “I don’t know where he is,” Castiel said to his warm kitchen. “Your brother. Sam.” He paused a moment, waiting for the chill to rush into the room. After a moment, he continued. “But maybe you and I can talk? Maybe…maybe I can help you pass over?” Silence continued to surround him and his shoulders eased. “Or maybe I already did. Maybe the moment you saw I wasn’t your brother…”
Dean seems to take the look on his face as invitation and leans toward Castiel. “I didn’t get to tell you before. Wanted to tell you before things get—“ He lifts one shoulder. “You know how it gets around here.”
Dean let out a long breath through his nose, then leaned forward to press his forehead to their joined hands. He stayed like that for several breaths, and if Castiel had even a tickle of grace left, he would have expected to hear prayer resonate from the man like holy song.
is normal. Except for the kitchen. Every vegetable in my refrigerator was just…everywhere. Like a tornado had gone through my kitchen and just hurled it all over the place.” He lowered his voice. “And it’s so cold here. There are these drafts…” Castiel cleared his throat uncomfortably.
Looking around the gray room, air thick with pain, Castiel shakes his head. “If this is a trick,” he says automatically, trying to push down the wild joy that surges up. If one thing rankles the Empty, it’s any trace of joy or satisfaction. Castiel will be back in the crypt in no time, smashing the man he loves into something bloody and unrecognizable. He tries to stay calm but he can feel whatever simulation of a heartbeat he has speeding up. Castiel lets Dean approach, his mouth soft.
, sparkling with mischief and memory. His hair looked touchable, like Castiel could reach out and run his fingers through it. Like he was a warm, living thing instead of the cold concentration of spirit that he actually was.
to see Castiel. If he didn’t currently have a gun pointed at his head, he’d be in a mood to celebrate. “You shouldn’t be here,” Dean growled.
Dean pushed another button to end the conversation and then grimaced at Castiel. “I swear we know what we’re doing.”
After the botched banishing, a distance arose between them. With one goodbye under his belt, Castiel didn’t think he could manage another. As soon as he found Sam, that would be it. Dean could move on and so— So could Castiel. He
Hesitation fell from their hands, their questing fingers slipping under clothing, undressing each other. Dean kissed and licked and sucked and decided that if tonight was a dream - a last hallucination before he met his fate - then he’d take it. Under the enchanted sky, Castiel’s body was perfection. Dean groaned into Castiel’s skin and rode his clever touch through the sweet, long night.
At Dean’s condo, nobody answered when he buzzed up. Castiel backed up several paces and squinted at Dean’s upper story home, easily visible from the front stoop. He couldn’t see any lights on, or movement in the windows.
The prisoner’s face was pale, like he hadn’t seen the sun for weeks, and great black circles underlined his eyes. Deep red flooded the space around his corneas, making him appear rabid, but his voice was surprisingly measured when he slurred, “You’re human.”
“Do you think if this doesn’t work I’d leave you?” Dean’s glance away was answer enough. “Never, okay?” Castiel dug his fingers against the hard muscle there like he could anchor the man onto his lap. “Fuck the future, right? I want this now. It’ll make me feel good. Won’t it make you feel good?”
“Any day, Kevin. Any time,” the man said with overblown gusto, his voice smooth as polished wood. He straightened and grinned at Castiel again, blindingly brilliant and playful. “I love pie,” he told Castiel more soberly. “So this is a big decision for me.”
Castiel laughed at the simple statement, so haltingly delivered. It was awfully endearing. The sound filled his mouth with strawberry.
The buzzer rang again, making him jump. It had to be someone with the wrong building number. Hating himself for his neediness, he swept a quick look up and down the street, hoping to spot Dean’s boat of a car parked along it. But there was nothing but the usual multicolored jumble parked bumper to bumper along the street. When Dean picked him up, he’d double park on the quieter street until Castiel could meet him. Surely that’s where he would be if Dean were here.
Groaning with relief, Castiel immediately pulled down one arm and slid it down under the sheet, under his boxers, to close around his aching length.
“Cas?” Dean asked, voice thick with confusion. He leaned over and slapped at the light switch. They both winced at the sudden light. Dean rubbed his eyes. “That just...appeared. Out of nowhere. How did it just appear?”
“Well, isn’t that sweet?” Crowley purred. “I’m sure sentiment will go far once he’s locked up for illegal magic use.”
“How the hell was I supposed to know that?” Castiel asked in frustration, swatting a burned pie as it fell. “I was a kid! And nobody I knew even believed in magic before… Before me.”
“Oh, sweetheart,” she said in a half pitying, half condescending tone. “There’s no such thing. Love is too complicated. Love is work. It’s not the key to anything. I’m sorry.”
Castiel had found, through obsessive searching, an Instagram feed he was reasonably confident belonged to Sam. It had been regularly updated up to around a year ago - up until the time his father and brother died. Now, Sam could be anywhere. He might be dead too, for all Castiel knew.
“You made it through the worst of it this afternoon.” Dean tapped the headset. “This should take maybe...half an hour? Forty-five minutes? Then you can check back with reception in 302 to schedule more appointments.”
“Cas,” Dean said, placing a warm palm on Castiel’s forearm as though begging him not to speak. “Don’t say that. It’s gonna be okay. Alright? I got a good feeling.” His hand lingered. He didn’t pull away.
Dean looked down in confusion, lifting his hands and turning the forearms carefully, as though testing them for solidity. “Dunno.” His voice sounded small. Abruptly, he flickered into another look. Now he was thinner and much more pale. He wore a hospital gown, and nothing else. Slowly, he plucked at the fabric.
As they approached the castle, music draped a veil of beauty across Dean’s shoulders. He’d enjoyed plenty of music in his life - from rowdy bar songs to the distant memory of his own mother’s lullabies. But this— This was something else. The musical score seemed to disappear at the higher or lower registers, as though passing beyond his capability to hear it. But he could still feel it singing across his bones. Dean closed his eyes and swallowed hard against the emotion balling in his chest.
“Come on,” Dean muttered as they walked briskly through a stand of gracefully drooping conifers. “There’s nobody here but runners and dogs. Are you sure there isn’t a delay in that security camera Charlie hacked?”
“Good.” Dean didn’t pull away from his bowed position. “Good.” He exhaled again and Castiel wanted to freeze that moment in time. He screwed his eyes shut, then realized he had stopped breathing and opened them, turning his chin back towards Dean. Their faces were close and Dean blinked when Castiel caught his eye, a flash of fear or guilt quickly smoothed into blankness.
Castiel had insisted to Charlie that they take their time to learn everything possible about the Throne Room bar. It was situated in a part of town well known for dark magic. In a city defined by its simultaneous denial and embrace of magic, that part of Maltese was remarkable for the nearly universal acceptance that if you traveled there unprepared, you would most certainly leave cursed, if you were able to leave at all. They needed to find a contact who frequented the bar, and get some sort of guarantee that they’d be protected there while they waited for the witch to arrive.
The Fern Room was surprisingly empty except for birdsong, and they made it through to the Palm House unmolested after Dean painted a wide angel trap on both ends. In the great room of the conservatory, giant palms rose like towers over gently winding paths and climbing vines flowered against the walls. The air was redolent with spice and sweet citrus, and shrubbery and bushy palms filled the gaps between the trees with exuberant life.
“Now that I know there’s a pie truck, wild horses couldn’t keep me away.” Dean dug a billfold from his pocket, squinting at the sign which listed the flavors of the day and the prices. It wasn’t until he’d pulled out a ten dollar bill that Castiel abruptly remembered that he was a purveyor of pies and that he should consider actually trying to sell one to Dean instead of staring gormlessly at him.
Castiel made a show of cracking his knuckles as he strode towards the ball return. In reality, he tried and failed to control the giddy butterfly feeling of
Castiel clung to Charlie and squeezed his eyes shut. He was tired of the search, tired of the danger posed every time he tested Maltese’s turbulent magical waters in his hunt for the witch.
Dean laughed, and the strange bubble tension between them burst. “I’ll work on it. Step one. Master pantlessness.”
“Let me hear you,” Castiel growled into his ear before running his teeth along his earlobe. “I wanna hear how I make you feel.”
And so, instead of meeting with Amara, they reserved the magic of the solstice for their own attempts at magic, and hoped it would be enough.
The next morning, they moved on the hospital room like a finely tuned strike team. Immediately after visiting hours began, they got to work, unloading their duffels on the stiff seats and passing materials between them wordlessly.
Castiel stared up at the sky. Wispy clouds filled with refracted light obscured any hope of seeing the Perseids, but he barely noticed the cloud cover. Hell, he barely noticed it was night. All he could think about was the next day. It would be his last session at FutureTech, the study officially complete unless the project was greenlit for a wearable product.
“For what? Driving up to Kansas with you?” Castiel nodded again. “Charlie’s my friend too,” Dean pointed out. “But even if she wasn’t, you know I got your back.” Castiel nodded again, gratefully. He slid towards the middle of the bench seat and settled into a slumped position, so his head could rest against Dean’s shoulder. Dean laughed quietly. “Okay. Get some sleep.”
Maybe it was time to accept that he couldn’t speak without a pie falling from his lips. That would be his life forever. If Dean Winchester and his speech study gave him a plan B for an easier life that might be worth taking a risk and signing up for the study.
Castiel had listened to all this with a growing warmth in his chest. Dean hadn’t spoken of his childhood in months, and had just mentioned Sam’s name like the memory was fond. Like the idea of Sam wasn’t burdened with layered bricks of guilt and anger. Like Sam wasn’t effectively dead, lost to Lucifer forever. It was like hope was a living thing disposed to flourish if only given a tiny amount of light and air.
Castiel looks over again and Dean smiles. Actually smiles - big and bright against the gray underworld. And that’s it. Castiel is pulled into orbit again, as quick as ever. He listens as Dean spins the story, laughs in all the right places when he sees the spark hit his eyes just right. Castiel marvels at it - at Dean - and how he can find such joy in his memories even among such bleak surroundings. Memory only seems to bring Castiel pain. The shade of his own dark legacy retreats for a while in Dean’s sunshine.
Maybe...maybe it was time to do that. If he was done looking for the witch, done trying to undo his curse…
Dean followed him in, full of plans for the coming year’s crops. Castiel thought he could get used to this kind of quiet strategy after all they’d been through. Their kitchen was warm with spice and heat from the oven. Castiel settled at the table, his and Dean’s, and smiled across at his partner. Dean was warm, too. Warm in his affections, and his rediscovered thirst for life. It was infectious, and so beyond anything Castiel had ever hoped for himself that he still had trouble believing it was all real, sometimes. He grinned as Dean served him pie and twirled his fork in the air the same way he always used to handle a blade mid-battle.
Afterwards, Dean and Castiel ushered Charlie back to the motel and settled her in her room. Though she’d protested their coddling, stress had left its mark. They took turns watching over her that night as she slept more soundly than she likely had done for weeks or months. Charlie slept with her hands curled around the still-warm pie with the bags of crystals close by and bouquets of flowers heaped at the foot of her bed.
Dean’s reading trailed off and he sighed deeply, arching his neck to lean into Castiel’s touch. He set the book face down on his chest and dropped a hand on it to anchor it, before closing his eyes. “I think we’re ready,” he said.
When they reached shore, Davies slipped away into the shadows, leaving Dean and Castiel alone. Dean patted the HPG device, secured in one of his vest pockets. Gold glinted at them from under the fastened flap. “Well. That went better than I thought, for once.” Castiel’s mouth quirked upward. It felt too easy. “Your hand okay?”
Charlie met him outside of the double locked doors of his apartment building. She was dressed in sunshine yellow, like a harbinger of good things to come. She reached out and tweaked his collar into place. “You nervous?” she asked. Castiel swallowed hard and Charlie nodded. “Me too. But it’ll be fine. We got this.” Castiel closed his eyes under her touch and hoped she was right.
“All in my head?” Dean laid on the floor, bobbing his chin from side to side as Zeppelin (his choice) smoothed the air of the kitchen. He sighed and gestured towards his forehead with one spooling finger. “Wouldn’t be the first time. It’s a mess up here.”
Wind soughed through the courtyard, but it was only that. The early fall air was still warm, the sunlight golden and steady. Castiel looked up at the surrounding walls, at the drawn curtains and darkened panes showing rooms beyond. He wished he could just look inside. “You know, I even tried to think of a way I could sneak in. Like a TV show, I’d just steal a doctor’s coat and someone’s badge and walk right in.” He slumped further. “But I can’t. And I wish I knew how you were doing. You still haven’t come back home. To— to the house. And I’m so worried. What if you’re doing worse? What if I made you worse because I just keep pushing and pushing and—“
“Outside,” Castiel said. “Please.” He caught the exhausted cheese pie and tossed it across the room to the little wastebasket in the corner. It fell into it neatly and Castiel dusted his hands.
A garbled cry to his right, some distance further from the ship sounded moments later and Castiel turned to see Dean swimming sure strokes towards him. “Oh thank fuck,” Castiel muttered. He kicked forward to meet Dean and together they swam to the boat.
Extending out from Sandusky Bay on the south coast of Lake Erie was flotilla of small islands rumored to be safe havens against the end of the world. Dean approached the first overlook of Lake Erie cautiously, choosing a high field so far away that the islands looked like ink blots on the water.
Charlie took another great, decidedly unromantic bite of pie. “Nice,” she declared around the mouthful. “More Neruda. Still stuck on his love poems?”
Charlie gulped a watery laugh and caught the pie, setting it down between them. “That better not be a sad one,” she managed to say with only a slight quaver. “‘Cause I haven’t eaten dinner yet.”
Excitement, chased by the cold chill of fear flooded Castiel. His pounding heart drummed out a warning and Castiel stiffened in response, nodding and disappearing further into his truck than necessary to fetch the three pies.
Castiel swallowed hard. He should cut ties and run, but for once, not every instinct in him advocated this position. What if he stayed? What if Crowley left them all alone? What if he just...lived his life just like this? No toe out of line, kept his head down, and enjoyed the treasures he’d somehow managed to find?
Dean let the cloak guide him through the Harroway forest where once Castiel disappeared like a sprite. He followed its urging to a copse of trees and there, a ring of stones. Dean smiled. “I’m coming, Castiel,” he announced to the stones and the trees and the deep, ancient ground. And then he passed through the doorway and traveled the immense stone steps to meet his love.
“Whoa, whoa. Calm down. I see I’ve touched a nerve.” He smirked. “Relax. Your little engineer doesn’t have to come to me. Hell, he doesn’t even need to know I exist. FutureTech’s a gold mine of delicious, developing technology. And his little pet project? Oh, I know all about it. Talking without saying a word? Mind reading?
, and reluctantly pulled his hand from Dean. He grimaced an apology and stood, heading for the mouth of their lane.
Castiel glanced at them, then leveled a look at Crowley. He pulled out his tablet and swiftly wrote, “You had me followed.”
They seemed legion, crammed into the tight city streets, streaming from between buildings and smashing drunkenly into poles and broken windows as they pushed towards the escaping Jeep.
“Understatement,” Rowena murmurs. She sips delicately at her tea. “What are you doing here? Don’t guardian angels keep watch over their charges?”
So the heat rooms, as it turned out, were like little luxury hotel rooms. There was a sizeable, comfortable bed covered with supple cotton sheets (easier to launder, Dean assumed) and numerous fluffy pillows. The floor was soft carpet, and there were a couple of squishy chairs. Dean lay down face first in what was, essentially, a nest, and moaned in appreciation. There was something to the stereotype that omegas in heat loved soft things.
“Whoa, hey, don’t have a heart attack. Jeez, that school does a number on you guys. Or have you always been so . . . jumpy?”
oozing from Castiel in his office. He’d wanted to throw his arms around Cas, bury his face in his neck and breathe that scent in from the source. And Cas was on suppressants . . . Dean shuddered to think how he might react if he wasn’t.
Dean picked up the pie. It was still warm with magic and would be for hours but the oven was clearly off. No ingredients were out. Castiel watched Dean survey the state of the kitchen and then look back at the pie. “Apple with cheese,” he murmured. “Cas, what the hell is this? Is this--? Did you just--?”
After a long time spent tossing and turning, Castiel finally gave up. Head feeling less muzzy, he padded back into the living room to retrieve his laptop. The game sat on the coffee table, and Castiel turned from it resolutely, and went straight back to bed. He burrowed under the covers again, resisting the urge to pile them over his head and shoulders like he’d done as a child. He sat drawn into himself, laptop held close.
When Dean drew back, Crowley lifted his lip in a snarl. “Drop your weapons,” he ordered with only slight strain apparent in his whiskey voice. “Let them go.”
“Good. That’s good. You’ve been visiting me for a long time now, Dean. And we thought you were dead but—“ Castiel sounded like he was on the brink of shattering and he pressed his fingers to his forehead, running it exhaustingly down his face. “You’re alive, Dean. In the hospital. You’re alive, and Sam even says…”
Castiel laughed as he shouldered his way into their shared bedroom. “I told you not to stay up all night writing your speech.”
When Hannah returned, she took in his shocked expression with a warm smile. “I can assure you, it’s every bit as cool as it looks.” She sat down in a slim office chair pushed up against the wall. “And you’re going to get to try it out today. But first we need to run through some tests.”
. He raised a brow in cool challenge and his finger looped a message with little thought, “You can have more than one. Though you’ve missed out on trying four different varieties, getting here so late.”
“He knows you’re here.” When Dean rolled his eyes, Castiel jabbed his finger towards their feet. “He knows you’re
“That’s the one,” Castiel said with more confidence than he felt. Dean grunted an acknowledgement, then reached out his hand for the binoculars to examine the ship for himself.
The afternoon blurred towards evening, a time sink of interaction and lull repeating as guests arrived, ate, then ate again. He was leaning over his counter, conversing with one of his regulars from the east side farmer’s market, when a beautiful man approached with a loping gait, fingers hooked casually in his belt loops and tugging enticingly at his waistband to reveal a thin sliver of skin between his jeans and the rucked-up hem of his shirt. The setting sun limned him in rose-gold and he wore a smile that ought to be illegal.
Once hidden in the trees, the man collapsed with a mumbled apology. He landed on one knee, then rolled down into a sitting position. The set of his shoulders screamed pain and exhaustion. Dean knelt in front of him, ducking his chin to try to catch his eye. “Hey. You good?” he asked urgently.
By the time he’d gotten through the disclaimers and started in on the questionnaires at one of the kiosks, a sense of dim familiarity had settled over him. Many of the questions were similar to what he’d dealt with for half his life. Detailed prompts about his general health gave way to multiple choice questions about his particular speech disorder. Castiel lied heavily, as he’d been trained to do as a child. Since there was nothing physical causing his speech impairment, the easiest and most vague diagnosis over the years had been “emotional trauma.”
Sam had drawn back, sitting back on his heels. He met Castiel’s gaze with an incredulous smile. “Uh,” he said, running perfectly manicured hands through his hair. “So. You guys know a way out of here?”
“That seemed obvious,” Castiel typed and Dean rolled his eyes upward, apparently inviting ridicule. Castiel resisted the temptation to tease him. “What are you in the mood for?”
“No. No,” Castiel shook his head and took a step back. “I understand. I— Thank you. How is he doing? How’s Dean?”
Castiel shook his head. FutureTech might be huge, but he’d circulated the better half of a single hallway the entire afternoon. He could find his way back.
Castiel drew another large bottle from his bag, and much of the weight on the shoulder strap lifted as he did so. He nodded solemnly.
Who was Castiel, after all, to guide anyone? Helping Dean to find Heaven or oblivion or whatever greeted the soul at the end of a journey on Earth seemed a ridiculous act of hubris. Maybe Castiel should simply enjoy Dean’s company
Castiel scrambled to his feet and the boat rocked drunkenly. With impatient grace, he launched himself from the skiff. “I didn’t think you’d come back,” he said, halting within mere feet of Dean.
Dean scrambled upright. “Charlie found the witch who cursed you?” he repeated slowly, staring at Castiel with sudden concern.
Nudity was no secret between them, but pulling off each other’s habitual layers still felt like a new experience. Dean’s skin shone in the orange candlelight, smooth and scarred in equal measure. He was harder these days than he used to be, more gaunt from the constant fighting and frequently terrible food.
Castiel patted his hand with exaggerated solicitousness, and got his bacon stolen in retaliation. Breakfast devolved into ridiculous jokes until they all piled back into the Impala.
Dean turned around slowly and settled into the seat, a muscle in his jaw jumping. “Great,” he said at last. “Friggin’ awesome. What the hell do we do now?”
“If they are,” Castiel mused, “they might know about this ship we’re trying to find.” He squinted at the town. He and Dean would be massively outgunned and outmanned if they breached the town fence, and the same appeared to be the case even if they made it in through the gate. “I think it’s worth trying to talk our way in.”
“Lady,” Dean said, toying with his drink, as tense as anything. “After everything I’ve seen in my life, I believe in just about every goddamn thing.”
“You like it,” Castiel countered, unaccountably pleased to see Dean’s arch look turn soft. “Help me with the next step?” He tried to only focus on the recipe, the direct step-by-step like a fence he could erect between them. Still, Castiel melted too much inside when Dean cupped his hands and guided them with the sparks of energy that passed between them. Castiel quirked a smile at their hands.
“I got the text recap of yours and Dean’s little Throne Room adventures. It sounds like all’s well that ends well? You couldn’t find the witch and you also didn’t make a dumb bar deal. You’re still my pie man? With your pie-eating man.”
It was hard to picture the previous year now. The uncertainty. The fear and stress. It felt like those experiences belonged to a different person. Like a shaken snow globe now settling, the world sifted into a calmer state at last. There was less fear, and more people he loved in the world. Castiel sat on his new porch swing, one leg drawn up and the other pushing gently against the porch. The swing swayed slowly as a brilliant sunset turned everything golden and rose along his street.
The man cocked his head to one side, those eerie blue eyes never leaving Dean’s face. “How have you come to fear so little?”
“I know.” Castiel laid the tip of his blade on the hex bag and, eyes locked on Dean, slit it through.
A golf pencil clattered across their joined hands. Castiel looked up to see Donna, a gregarious friend of Jody’s, standing in front of them with her hands on her hips. “Your turn, sunshine,” she said with a wink.
Dean parroted him in an offensively high soprano, but removed his hand. “Man if I were—“ He drew back and shook his head ruefully, lips twisted tightly to one side.
The palace lay unnaturally still. Down the hall from where Dean bedded down outside the princesses’ shared chamber, a guard snored loudly at his post. Did the whole castle sleep this soundly every night? If so, it was a wonder that they hadn’t been overrun by marauders. Carefully, Dean rolled to sit, his attention attuned to the royal chamber.
“When I first realized that the other angels had gone. That I...that I was left here.” Castiel forced the words out. They’d never spoken of this, of his feelings at being left behind. “I was angry. Hurt. Scared. I looked around me and I saw nothing to hope for.” Dean opened his mouth, confusion visible in his drawn brows, and Castiel continued. “I fought, of course. How could I not? You needed me,” he said to Dean. “And I needed a distraction. Bang a few--”
Castiel didn’t need his grace to know that the bar seethed with ill intent. Whatever information they might find here wouldn’t come free.
A window glared brokenly as their headlights illuminated the small house at the end of the driveway. “Looted?” Dean asked, suddenly all business.
Hannah’s work with him, it turned out, was to assess any current physical issues that might require a programmatic change in the code that controlled the device. They would also do detailed imaging work which would help them to create a personalized vocal profile. She led him from the little screening room and down another hallway.
“We talked about this! You lead the front, I take the back and get the drop on the Devil. Bang. Problem solved.” He looked up at the building, still bursting with bright gunfire. “We don’t got another fucking choice.”
“They’d keep to themselves,” Cas guessed, thinking about Ketch and his mysterious society which had never come up in any of their other interactions with hunters. They surely must be insular. “But maybe someone’s run into them? Figure they must need supplies from time to time. Food. The basics.”
“Good. That’s good.” When they were ready to leave, Castiel drove them out of the field. Sudden sunlight spun the dew into gold as it flung from the long weedy grasses onto the windshield. He tried to use the vein-thin trails of water as a meditation point, and pull calm to his gut like a stone.
It was an unremarkable place, sparsely furnished with used furniture and a view directly into the apartments across the street. He hadn’t liked to bring Dean here, preferring instead to meet him out - at Dean’s place, at the Comm, at a restaurant. But Dean had somehow managed to leave his mark here all the same. Dean’s DVDs sat on the low table next to his TV. One of Dean’s flannels was slung over the couch Charlie had talked him into buying.
“What if I want it to?” Cas replied. Dean’s head shot up to make eye contact with Cas, antler headband falling off onto the floor.
There was a knock at the door. Dean choked out a sob. He didn’t want anyone to see him like this, left wanting by his alpha because he was such a terrible omega. He dragged himself to the door, leaning against it. An awful whine dragged itself from his throat.
Castiel tilts his head. “You are mystifying, Dean Winchester. First, that ridiculous performance at dinner, now you assume that any alpha who points out a positive characteristic in you is attempting to undermine your independence. I’m . . . unsure of what our interactions indicate.”
“I’m going to take a shower,” Dean said, swallowed a large gulp of beer, then took both the envelope and the bottle with him.
“I think it’s lovely, Dean,” he said, reaching for Dean’s hand. Dean ran the other one through his hair, avoiding Cas’s eyes. “It’s perfect.”
Dean shoves off his boxers and wiggles to let them fall to the floor. Castiel can’t help but stare, now, with the alpha’s huge, half-hard cock in front of him. He’s smooth below the belt, trimmed and groomed, but he’s also ram-rod straight and circumcised. The purple head of Dean’s cock is glistening with pre-come, and Castiel feels a rush thinking that it’s because of him, he did that. Dean’s thighs are strong, though his legs taper narrowly to his ankles. A spray of light brown hair is scattered on his legs, along with the freckles that seem to cover his whole body.
Oh. Castiel squints at Gabriel. “Did you bring me here simply so you could have intercourse with Sam?” he asks. Sam chokes on the beer he was drinking, showering Dean who leaps from his seat and yelps.
“I’m sure you think you’re tough, that you can ‘handle’ this,” Crowley continued, “but make no mistake. You have no concept of the kind of situation you’ve gotten yourself into. Whatever deal you’ve made, the terms are absolute. Trust me, I know deals. If you even wish to survive, you tell that alpha that everything is through and you never see him again. Do I make myself clear?”
“Thank you very much for your participation, Gilda,” Cas said. “Here is my card. Please call if you’d like to come in again.”
Cas nods, letting Dean in and shutting the door. There are books spread all over Cas’s workspace full of languages Dean can’t read and diagrams he doesn’t understand. He moves to the back, turning to face Cas who is still hovering near the door.
Two unfamiliar omegas were sitting in the chairs: an Asian-American male with untidy hair and baggy pants, and a lovely, prim, freckled brunette. Garth was in his spot on the couch.
They were sexy, of course. The sounds and visuals stimulated Cas’s senses the same as anyone, he supposed, but he hadn’t felt the urge to touch himself while watching until he realized that
They said their goodbyes to Charlie and went back to their room with their new purchases. Kevin smoothed his new cashmere sweater reverently, then folded it and put it away. Dean tried to look at his purchases with the same sense of wonder.
They finished the video, as they usually did, but for some reason something heavy hung in the air between them. Or maybe it was just Cas’s imagination.
“I’m going to recruit,” he said. He avoided Hannah’s gaze as she sat at her desk and began to pull her lunch from its bag.
“I guess I can accept that. I’m pretty persuasive. Oh! I also think you should move in right away. Let’s go get your stuff!”
It’s been a few years since Castiel has left the city, and he’s almost forgotten how closely the forest surrounds Lebanon. It’s quiet, an almost enchanted silence that presses in on all sides. Castiel desperately wants to cast a mage light so that they can see in the dark, but they’re still too close to the walls and Dean is already charging on ahead. Castiel rushes after him as quickly as possible, nearly tripping over his feet in the cumbersome armor.
“Um . . . I read, mostly.” And fix cars, but since that’s what got him into this whole mess, Dean left it out. Milton made a face.
She opened the door as little as possible when she left, but Castiel still held his breath just in case, then waited for Gabriel to spritz the air with more neutralizers for good measure before inhaling again. Gabriel placed the spray bottle next to the bed before sitting and giving Cas a side-eye.
Dean bypasses the kitchen to head straight for a shower, but first he drops off Cas’s coat in his bedroom, throwing it on top of a pile of clothes he’s gathered from various places around the bunker. He should probably do laundry soon. He pulls an old, soft t-shirt and a pair of worn in jeans from his dresser before heading to the showers.
A chill runs through Castiel at the words. “I promise,” Castiel says. Ellen huffs a laugh, breaking the moment.
Now, though. Now, there’s nothing. And Dean can’t tell if it’s his nose or . . . or something else. Something he doesn’t want to think about.
“You look wonderful tonight, Dean,” Michael murmured, close to Dean’s ear. Dean shivered at the feeling of Michael’s breath ruffling his hair and hoped Michael would misinterpret it.
He focuses his magic onto the single point of Dean’s injury, and mutters a brief thanks to whatever gods are listening that it heals. Dean groans as Castiel wipes the blood away, his other hand still cradling Dean’s face.
“And you’re all students?” Castiel asks as they make their way back to the living room. Sam stops by the kitchen to grab a beer, offering one to Castiel, who declines.
Dean wants to argue, but he knows Bobby’s right. Why does everything good about his life have to get completely ruined by this stupid fucking curse?
He’s fully hard now, cock just a little too big for an omega, and nothing stops the smell of slick from hanging around like a cloud. Dean is staring, the red bleeding further into his irises. The longer he looks, the more Castiel wants him to touch.
Somewhere on the floor an unfamiliar guitar riff sounded, startling Dean out of the moment. “Shit,” Dean muttered, hauling himself out of bed. He padded over to the jeans on the floor, silencing the ringtone on his phone before turning back to Castiel. Whatever had stretched between them earlier was gone as Dean rubbed the back of his head as he looked at Castiel awkwardly. Suddenly, the room was cold.
“All right, see if that will work,” Gabriel said. Castiel slowly lowered the sweater from his face to sniff cautiously at the air.
“It’s the only thing I got. If this don’t work, we got a lot bigger problems on our hands.” He laughs. “Or maybe we won’t have to worry about anything again, if you look at it that way. You wanna stop it, get to Stull as fast as you can.
The sound of slick and flesh quickened, Dean’s breath coming faster behind the door. Castiel tried to match pace, though it was almost too dry. He imagined sinking into Dean’s channel, tight around him, and his knees finally buckled. He heard Dean hit the floor on the other side.
“Shit, c’mere,” Dean says, pulling Castiel with him to the couch. Dean sits on it first, completely unconcerned that he’s naked, then tugs Castiel into his lap. Castiel presses his lips against Dean’s again, chasing those addicting kisses. Dean reaches between them, grasping both cocks in his large fist, and Castiel’s eyes roll back in his head as he thrusts against the alpha. He watches the head of his own cock pop in and out of the tight circle of Dean’s fist, catching on Dean’s, grinding against the firm knot at the base.
“I’ll send you appropriate books. You won’t find anything inappropriate at Vinehall, but I’ve heard you’re venturing out on the town now.” Dean started, but of course Milton knew. He’d paid for Dean’s new clothes. “You do look lovely in the sweater I bought you. Would you like more?”
It had been four days, and there was no sign of his heat slowing down. Sometime during the third day he’d started to get desperate, tearing the room apart looking for something, anything, to fill him better than his fingers. That was when there had been a knock on his door.
“Okay, Cassie,” Gabriel said, and Cas was surprised at the lack of fight. “I’m gonna get you some water, okay? I’ll be right back.”
Dean threw back his head and laughed, his arm slung around the back of Cas’s chair. “Guess they never did figure out how to get it out completely,” he said.
trusted him. And he’s from California, and they’re so liberal out there, and he’s written all these articles about how omegas are equal to alphas and betas, and how they don’t deserve to be treated like property, and how their lives all kinda royally suck, so . . .”
Castiel let out a wordless shout and pushed all the way back into the foot of the couch. The planchette sat immobile on the board.
Castiel held up one finger and then reached around Dean to his bedside table. He pulled over his phone and flicked it open. “I’ve been doing some reading,” he explained, eyes on his screen. “And I think maybe I found something that can help.”
Carefully, Castiel moved his fingers back to the planchette. “Hello?” Castiel said tentatively. “Are you still there?
Steam from their breath streamed over their shoulders. Castiel pulled off his hat, heedless of the cold, and stuffed it in his pocket. Adrenaline overheated him as he turned the possibilities over in his mind. Maybe she’d gone already. Maybe she’d never even made it to the park, and he and Dean were doing fruitless spirals for absolutely no reason. Maybe Charlie’s facial recognition software was too hazy and had made the wrong match altogether.
Castiel reached out then, stepping forward and cradling Dean’s jaw with broad, elegant fingers. His touch froze Dean like a deer in a field who had just encountered a very large wildcat. “They will not dare to look at you when you are by my side, Dean. Come. Eat and drink, and tell me of your life.” He quirked a smile. “It will amuse me.”
on my…feet,” Castiel growled. “Look just forget I said anything, okay? I’m sure you’re right. I just need to get some rest. Or something.”
Castiel laughed. “With what? One bullet didn’t work so you’ll try two? We don’t have anything that can take down an archangel. Hell, I used the last of my holy oil just getting us the fuck out of there. That was a suicide mission back there. Lucifer was waiting for you. He’s
Castiel shifted in the seat of the rowboat, leaning to balance as waves swept the boat repetitively against the invisible barrier. He frowned, but rolled his eyes in response, a surly acquiescence.
“On a bench,” Castiel said. “Maybe. Or wherever.” He’d sit on the ground, settle on a sidewalk. Hell, even climb a building as long as it meant he’d be a little closer to Dean.
Castiel pulled open the first container. The first pie was a carefully latticed mix berry. He’d taken extra time to sculpt leaves and twining grapes around the edge of the pie. The fruit had bubbled perfectly, staining the edge of the crust but leaving most of it a rich gold. Castiel smiled as he pulled the pie out and set it on the counter with a little flourish before moving away to let Dean admire his work.
That evening Castiel settled on the couch, a plate of pizza in one hand and a beer in the other. He set them on the coffee table and picked up the remote. The living room was quiet, the calm before an electrical storm. “Dean? I’m ready.”
Dean ripped open an alcohol wipe, grabbed the headset, and began to swipe at the many delicate connection points. “Today we’re just doing some baseline readings. We want to make sure we’ve got a good connection set up for next time. And then we’ll have some of the custom voice work processed by next week.” He paused in his work and his mouth drew up at one corner, exposing the valley of a dimple there. “Glad you came.”
Dean looked at him, his face full of something remarkably like fondness. “Quick and the Dead? Tombstone?”
While Dean fell into a wall, Castiel dug into the satchel at his waist and pulled out a bottle. It was an ordinary brown beer bottle, small and slender and full of oil. An oil-soaked, dirty rag tufted from the top. Castiel pulled out the bottle and lit it on fire.
“Too damn bad,” Charlie spat. “You shouldn’t be heading to those places alone. Especially not with your…”
Castiel shrugged. It was a hacked traffic camera. Castiel doubted they could approach city staff and ask them about the data integrity underlying their supposed “ultra-secure” cameras. He scanned the path before them. He glanced behind them.
Lips pressed together, Castiel fumbled in the covers between himself and Dean until he found it, a small sticky-sweet pie, only slightly crushed. Castiel rolled back against his pillow while Dean slept on and closed his eyes.
In the camp, it was share and share alike, which was why Castiel hoarded. He scavenged and he hid things and he waited. Sometimes, thinking of the arsenal he’d managed to squirrel away over the past few years, he wondered if he had held onto things too long. Would a weapon or magical artifact he’d found have saved a life down the line? But the strategist in him kept quiet and kept his weapons close.
Dean read Vonnegut aloud by the light of a peach-scented candle they’d found by the bedside, his head pillowed in Castiel’s lap. Castiel traced disappearing shapes as he pushed Dean’s hair from side to side with the tip of his fingers. Castiel thought he could stay like this forever, suspended in this moment of waiting. But then, he’d miss out on the next perfect moment. He was tired of standing still, or moving backward. During their search for Lucifer, he and Dean had built something up between them. Castiel couldn’t wait to see what the future might bring, and that in itself was a magnificent feeling.
Something in Castiel broke open at Dean’s words. “I love you, too,” he said and a shining pie, strawberry sweetness filling the air, fell between them. “I love you, Dean Winchester,” he whispered again and the pie knocked between them, falling off to the side as he pulled him in for a long kiss.
Castiel wrinkled his nose and shook his head. The jerky would be enough to sustain him through a well-deserved nap. He could eat later. Before Dean could start the engine, Castiel laid a hand on his arm.
Dean had little to say to this argument. He settled in his seat, clearly seething. But he wasn’t trying to jump out of the car anymore, which Castiel took as a victory.
“I believe you’re the best chance we have to send Lucifer back to the cage. I’ve been saying for a long time now that we need to tap into the American hunter network, to no avail. We’re dead in the water here, bogged down by our own bureaucracy.”
prepared for this. “Wow,” he said after a deep exhale. “Wow.” He raised the pie in one hand and peeled back the paper plate, rotating it in his hand like a junior restaurant critic vying for a byline.
While they relaxed and sipped at their beer, Castiel watched Dean, drinking him in gulps. More than once, he caught Dean doing the same. Their eyes would lock then flustered, skate away. Dean was such a beautiful man, wickedly smart, incredibly sweet, and remarkably open. Castiel wondered with increasing frequency, what it would feel like to kiss him. To lose himself in Dean.
“Hannah sent me your application and test results. No physical defects that you know of, is that right?” Castiel quirked an eyebrow at this, but shook his head. “It shouldn’t matter,” Dean said. “But we’ve found that accuracy is hugely improved if you mouth the words you’re trying to say. So if there are issues with movement range then we gotta compensate for those. There’s something about the mind-body connection that makes those speech signals from your brain a little more clear. So you don’t gotta make a sound. Just...try to talk, that’s all. And the biofeedback from Lyrebird works with the software to help you talk.”
His mind heaved. He’d fallen asleep on the couch, he realized, the strain of the day before and his early morning flight dragging him down like a netted fish in the sea.
They crashed together and Castiel let the kiss happen, let himself push against Dean with as much fervor as he received. Because they were alive, against all odds. When he pulled away, Castiel glanced at Sam.
As Dean walked away, Castiel brushed the card to the side, under a stack of paper napkins. He pasted a smile on his face, his customer service mask feeling like a concrete weight for the rest of the day.
He felt light, giddy even, as he replayed Dean’s carefree wink and casual jests. That Dean Winchester...he was an odd one to pin down. He wanted to sit him down and question him, drink the quirks of his mouth and his pooling gaze.
Though it was still a little early, guests were beginning to filter onto the property, clad in jeans and button-down shirts, families in tow. He swiveled, flashed a thumbs up to Alicia for good luck, and returned to his truck. It would likely be a busy afternoon for both of them.
Castiel shook his head, amused at Dean’s single minded pursuit of food. While they waited in line Dean asked, “Would you ever run a stall here? Seems like the perfect place for your pies.”
“I think it started with my computer. Or maybe it was the lights. They flickered all the time. I thought it was the wiring, but the electrician I hired checked it all out. She said it looked fine so I—“ Castiel pressed the phone to his ear and leaned against the solid brick behind him. Being outside made this easier. Outside, he didn’t feel like he was bing watched.
Castiel took a deep breath against the bands tightening across his chest. “There’s something you don’t know about me,” he said. It was hard to tell from Dean’s expression what surprised him more: hearing Castiel speak or seeing the shallow pie appear from out of nowhere. Castiel caught it in his hand and set it on the counter next to the completed apple pies.
One demon. One shot. Castiel was quick and he was deadly. Even half addled on his own custom cocktail he was among the best in their camp, carving into the depths of Lucifer’s trap with precision. But the further he got, the more he realized that the sanitarium was more than just a convenient throw-away building Lucifer had dangled before them.
Armed with little more than hubris and hope, Castiel was determined to wake up Dean Winchester. If he could only get in there and just…talk to him. Press their palms together and see for himself that Dean was really
Castiel felt like the air around them shift into a tighter state; the booth suddenly seemed doubly close. “He did?” he managed to ask casually.
Nervously, he checked the loops of his mask and straightened the line of his shirt before he admonished himself. This wasn’t a date, after all. Sam had said Dean was in a coma so it didn’t actually matter what Castiel looked like.
A sharp rap on the door pulled Castiel out of his meditative state. His head jerked up at the sound and he looked around, blinking at the bright sunshine streaming through the window. His mouth felt dry and tasted full of spice, like he’d upended a cinnamon shaker onto his tongue. He gently laid the hand of Charlie’s mother back onto the bedspread while Charlie answered the door and spoke to the person who’d interrupted.
It was Castiel’s turn to look exasperated. “But I didn’t. I mean, according to you, I healed my mother with that pie.” The truth of it was beginning to sink in, along with awe at the potential of it and fear at the power he’d apparently held sealed behind his lips for so long.
“Easier said than done,” Dean hissed as they lay folded into each other, two large men crammed behind a wooden crate in the back of a delivery truck. As the truck trundled through the streets of Chicago towards the conservatory, it seemed to hit every pothole, jolting them against each other.
Castiel clears his throat, entirely at sea. He’d never ascribed creativity to the Empty before, but he supposes this could be a new kind of torture. Something even more personal. “I’m sure it was easier for Chuck to tuck us all away here - angels and demons - than try to sort through us.
A sharp turn threw them against each other again and then the truck slowed to a stop. Castiel could hear the driver’s lazy acknowledgement of another guard’s greeting, and then the back of the truck was opened with a loud groan. Heavy footsteps entered the truck, pausing at intervals. “You scan the ones in the back yet? Come on!” The driver’s voice sounded surprisingly close. He must have entered the back of the truck along with whatever security Lucifer employed. Castiel was mostly confident that the warding they had painted on the surrounding crates would prevent any magical or supernatural detection. It was a befuddlement charm, meant to throw even the most basic senses off from the truck’s contents. Sense of smell, sound, or magical means should all be foiled. It would only be broken if the wood around them splintered. Or if he or Dean had accidentally scraped away the paint in the rough journey through the city. If…if...too many ifs. Castiel held his breath and prepared himself to fight his way out of a damn box inside a box.
He stubbed a toe against the corner of a box. “Work life balance, Castiel,” he parroted the often-heard criticism. “You can’t spend your whole life working.” He surveyed the kitchen doorway, flanked by neatly stacked moving boxes. “Like hell I can’t.”
Dean met his gaze. “Yeah, good point,” he said with a husky undertone. They stared at each other long enough that the line in front of them moved to form a visibly large gap. The couple behind them shifted pointedly closer, and Dean glanced around before sliding forward. He hooked his hand on Castiel’s forearm and pulled him forward alongside him, closer than they’d stood before. “So. Tell me about your work. D’you keep odd hours with your truck?”
Dean rounded the corner, swiveling on the open doorway. “Clear,” he said quietly, and Castiel followed him inside.
“It sounds crazy when you just say it like that,” Castiel said, nonetheless feeling a certain amount of relief at having Balthazar just come out and name it. “I’ve never really thought about... But I don’t know what else it could be and—”
After their sixth dip to the shore to survey the seemingly endless water, Castiel spotted a strange ship. It was distant, more thumbnail speck than defined features, but it shimmered on the water like no other craft out there. It was like a heat haze had settled over that one ship and no other. In fact, no other boats were even nearby. They ringed the larger ship by a good distance, fish waiting for chum at the edges of a shark’s territory.
Apparently unaware of the mood shift, Dean cheerily asked, “So a pie truck’s awesome. You sell these anywhere else? Got a restaurant?”
“I didn’t know you knew sign language.” Both of them turned to Kevin who, Castiel was ashamed to realize, he had completely forgotten about. Kevin’s glance between them seemed to indicate that he was perfectly aware of this, but his smile was easy as he asked, “Are you learning it for work?”
Castiel dropped down to the deck, wincing at the clang of his heels on the perforated metal planking. Dean landed beside him, tapping Castiel’s shoulder to get his attention before gesturing towards the aft of the ship. Castiel nodded shortly. Light spilled across the wall towards the rear of the cabin like light shining out through an open door. All along the cabin, runes gleamed, painted in thick clean lines.
mind reading without all that woo woo magic and dark oaths to demons blah blah blah.” He wrinkled his nose. “Such a pain. You have no idea how valuable that is. The ability to mimic anyone’s voice. The ability to read the words in somebody’s mind? Mmm delicious.”
Castiel shrugged. “Stay in one place. No…culinary masterpieces made on motel countertops? That sort of thing.” He glanced to watch Dean’s face closely and while the ghost didn’t change his expression, the room shuddered with sudden ice.
“So are you.” It was Castiel’s turn to frown at Charlie. She released one leg with a deep groan and then pulled in the other. “And if there’s one thing I wanna see you get out of this Dean guy, it’s that some of
Charlie buckled into herself and both Castiel and Dean wrapped and arm around her. She cried there in the circle of their arms. “She’s really awake?” she gasped, her hands still shielding the pie in her lap.
Castiel waved his hand belatedly, watching the two men walk away. He focused on his breathing, finding his center in the same way he did when it came time to make pies.
Castiel nodded again, as though he understood how on earth that might make a difference. But if Dean told him to pretend to speak, to mouth the words instead of just think them, he’d do it. He had years of practice
Lucifer advanced on Dean and punched a hand down onto him, leaning in close. “Oh I can smell the angel on you.” He shuddered delicately and shook his hand as though it burned to touch Dean. With the swing of his hand, Castiel plummeted to the floor, barely managing to hold onto his blades. He landed hard and gasped as the shock of it hurtled through his injuries.
Looking at it, the room looked brightly innocent. It was still bedecked with flowers and scattered with crystals. The sun had slid towards afternoon and no longer shone directly into the room. It made everything seem duller, more mundane. Even after all Castiel had seen and experienced, he still had trouble believing it was real. Had they truly healed Charlie’s mother? Had his magic brought her back from her unreachable state? Together, they zipped crystals into bags and consolidated flowers into wild, overflowing bouquets. They held onto everything, like giving away one ingredient might ruin the spell and send Mrs. Middleton back into relapse. Through it all, Charlie cradled the magical pie.
Castiel shook his head firmly. “The sisters opened the portal with a spell of their own devising. I merely rule the kingdom beneath their folly. But…” He bit his lip. “There is one way to close it.”
an idiot,” he said at last. He seized one more kiss from Castiel before raising up again and dropping his hands to Castiel’s belt. “C’mon. Pants off.”
Crowley laughed and then gestured to the grim-suited people at the bar. “Did you know,” he said casually, “that the pain of an electronic stun weapon is absolutely debilitating? You shout, you scream. Some people lose bladder control. It’s quite messy, particularly when used at length. Imagine what that must look like.” He flicked a glance at Charlie before staring at Castiel. There was shadowed deadly meaning behind it. “I don’t waste my time on people who keep information from me. You’re looking to break a curse. Tell me about it. All about it. And straight from that pretty mouth of yours.” He pointed at Castiel.
“Dean Winchester,” Castiel murmured as he scanned through the articles he found. “I think that’s who you are. And you’re right. You didn’t die in this house.” He looked around his bedroom. “I feel like that should make me feel better about all this, but it doesn’t.”
Consciousness ebbed and flowed. The world went a sticky, staticky black and sound melted into a single high tone. Castiel resurfaced with a barely suppressed start to hear “...find out how they got in and kill any demon responsible for it. Now,
“Yes, well, it’s incredibly rare, so of course you have it. The doctors said you had an abnormally strong reaction. We’ll have to be very careful in the future, since once you’ve experienced anaphylaxis, you’re more likely to again. I’ll have to have your assistant let the company leadership know, though they all saw what happened . . .”
Classes started the following Monday. Dean got up, showered early, and managed to apply an appropriate amount of blockers. He slid on the silky underwear he’d had to buy in order to fit into his new khakis, which hugged the small swell of his ass with soft, fitted cotton. The pants were a little long; he might have to visit Crowley’s son soon to tailor the length. He fastened a hand-crafted black leather belt through the loops of his pants and secured them with the silver buckle. He slipped a soft, peach-colored sweater on where it felt like a cloud against his skin. He’d shaved the hair on his arms and chest, so the fabric didn’t catch on anything underneath. His favorite purchase, hand-tooled black leather loafers, cradled his feet in a way that reminded him of his boots. Finally, he brushed a little product through his hair, parting it on the side. With a deep breath, he turned to look at himself in the mirror.
“My foot in your ass is what you can eat,” Ellen grumbles, rolling her eyes, but she does move back into the kitchen and comes back a minute later with two thick hunks of bread and a slab of cheese.
The handkerchief was hidden deep in the back of his closet, buried under unused blankets to dampen the scent. He’d received two more gifts since then: a gaudy, expensive gold watch that was stashed in his desk and a bouquet of three dozen red roses that he’d let wilt and then dumped in the trash as quickly as he could. Kevin had laughed, at first, but then sobered quickly at the look on Dean’s face.
“If you two idiots are going to do this,” she said archly, “then I’ll go with you. You know, as an official
Dean was taking a difficult seminar over the break, so he ended up staying up much too late working on papers. Sometimes Cas would wake up and Dean would be slumped over his desk, asleep with the lamp on. He smiled at the endearing sight of his best friend drooling next to his laptop, and sometimes he would gently wake Dean up to get him to move to the bed.
Cas nodded, perhaps too vigorously, but he was warring with himself. This couldn’t be real. His suppressants should make this impossible. And the blockers Dean wore should cancel everything out until all he smelled of was violets. He inhaled deeply again, trying not to tip Dean off, but there wasn’t a single hint of anything other than, just . . . Dean.
“How the hell are you Mages in shape?” he blurts out around midday. Cas is crouched near a stream, splashing the cool water on his face while Dean fishes a couple of pieces of jerky out of his bag. He offers one to Cas who accepts it gratefully. Dean diligently diverts his gaze from the one stray drop of water rolling down Cas’s neck. Cas sits and tears into the jerky, his thighs straining against the confines of his pants. Dean gulps down some water from his jug to distract himself.
a game,” he hisses. “You are messing with volatile, ancient magic you have no idea the depth of the danger. I did not earn the title of Archmage lightly. You should show me some respect.”
Sitting in this room, waiting for Cas to wake up, Dean’s nose itches with the lack of scent. When they’d first met, Cas had smelled like nothing Dean had ever experienced before. Walking into that barn, the overwhelming scent of ozone and ash, lightning and embers, added to the fear and fascination of him. He smelled like nothing human.
“No, man,” Dean said abruptly, halting Kevin’s train of thought. “It was, uh . . . y’know, consensual. Just a mistake, is all.”
“Look, here’s the thing. You’re a grown-up, he’s a grown-up, and sometimes the world just ain’t fair, kiddo. I hauled ass away from home because of it, became a famous omega-rights attorney because of it, but I’m here to tell you that I don’t think any good can come of this. For either of you.”
“Soon, my omega,” Cas growled, nipping and sucking at the tender skin along Dean’s throat. Dean threw his head back, allowing Cas access to more skin.
“Let me?” Castiel repeats. “That’s why I’m here, that’s the whole point. We have to fix this, whatever your father broke, that’s why we came all this way . . .”
It had been unexpected, that’s all. Seeing the alpha here, though it shouldn’t have been a surprise. But a Milton! The Miltons were . . . well, he was a really fucking big deal, anyway. Shit, a fucking
Gilda blushed. “You mean, am I ‘promised?’” Cas nodded. “No, I am not. I . . . my family has not designated a mate for me yet.”
“What the hell kind of omega are you?” Kevin deadpanned. “So, um, I think they’ve got some stuff for emergencies. Just . . . grab some clothes and we can head down to the heat rooms, okay?”
They were called in together, but then Dean was shown to a procedure room while Cas was taken further down the hall for a much more fun activity.
Castiel doesn’t move right away, but as Dean busies himself getting ready for bed he shifts and says, “I’ll set some wards around the perimeter so we aren’t caught unawares.”
Dean considers that only briefly. Gabriel, since that’s definitely who this is, is nothing like a typical beta, or a typical rich asshole. Dean didn’t used to be anything like a typical omega, either, but for all appearances now, he is. He rubbed the wrist that usually held the Cartier watch, which he very purposefully didn’t wear today.
Jack trails off and looks so heartbroken that Dean melts. “Hey, kid, none of that’s on you. I, uh . . . I’m glad you’re okay, too.”
Dean rolled his eyes, then winked and switched tactics. “Why, Marcy, I had no idea you were so smitten with the man! You just keep your flirtations out of the work place, young lady.”
Inside was a gorgeous gold watch. The face was delicate, almost feminine, done in a popular omega style, marked with “Cartier” in black lettering. Dean blinked a few times. The watch was probably worth what Dean had made in an entire year at the garage, maybe more.
They’d barely started on its remodel, new flooring and a coat of paint, before the day Dean had woken him in the middle of the night in a panic. Cas looked around at it, chest tight, before he closed the door and went back to his mate.
, dammit. But for some reason butterflies have taken up residence in Dean’s gut and insist on doing some major martial arts.
Now, he wishes he could go back. Take back the time wasted, the days apart, and pulled Dean back into bed with him and pressed kisses all over. A kiss for every freckle, hands buried in his hair, breathless and eager but unhurried.
And Dean was here. He had stomped around campus in his dusty boots, staring down the looks of disdain he’d garnered. His clothes were clean, but he stuck out like a sore thumb here in his beat-up jeans and worn flannels. Even smelling like violets, like everything else, he’d already started to get some unwanted attention.
The background music swelled, and the video faded out. A small smattering of polite applause followed, led by Adler himself.
“Cas, wait.” Castiel stopped, but didn’t turn. “I’m sorry if I’ve done anything to offend you . . .”
Jack hadn’t been willing to listen to Castiel again after they’d cleared the bodies. Dean had let Jack heal him, but only just. It wasn’t until Castiel faltered when Dean looked to him first that he allowed Jack to press fingers to his forehead and heal the gash (and the moderate concussion). With archangel grace, Jack was even more solidly immortal now than he had been this afternoon. He wouldn’t let Rowena examine him, either, insisting that he felt completely normal and that they shouldn’t worry.
Castiel’s heart rate slowed as he idly scrolled through the pictures, then rolled his eyes again and locked his phone. He would have to change his password again. “I appreciate the effort, Baz—”
“Up,” Gabriel said, and while they climbed the stairs together, Castiel held his breath and bit the inside of his cheek so hard he tasted blood. Finally, Gabriel and his assistant—it had to be Charlie, right?—managed to get Cas into his bedroom, pushing him onto the bed and closing the door behind them. He breathed deeply into the sweater he was holding while he heard one of them move around the room, spraying everything with the neutralizer.
Cas, standing near the balcony with his notebook clutched in his hands. His suit even shabbier in the candlelight, staring at Dean as he danced, a look of mourning on his face.
Once he’s seated, Castiel chances a glance up at Dean and his face flushes. Even in the low light, Castiel can see that Dean’s irises are rimmed in alpha red, and he’s staring at Castiel like he’d like to eat him. Castiel pulls his own lip back between his teeth, then looks up at Dean from under his eyelashes like he’s seen omegas do on TV and in porn. Dean’s Adam’s apple bobs with the force of his swallow.
He ran a warm (but not too hot, not good for conception to raise his body temperature) shower, letting the water run over his body. His skin was starting to feel too tight, prickly and sensitive, which was part of the heat, but . . .
“This isn’t why I brought you here, and now I’ve probably . . . you have to go back and you’ll probably smell of me until you can get back into your own clothes and blockers. I hope you can find it in you to forgive me, though I won’t forgive myself anytime soon—”
Whether he was okay if they conceived or not, Cas’s alpha was all in for fucking Dean hard and fast to pump him as full as he could until he caught. Dean slid down Cas’s cock agonizingly slowly so he felt each velvety, searing inch. A high-pitched whine came from one of them, though Cas honestly couldn’t say which. Once Dean was fully seated, he sat panting for a moment while Cas twitched inside of him. At first, Cas thought Dean was getting accustomed to the stretch, but then it dragged on. Finally, he saw the pinch between Dean’s eyebrows and his heart ached.
Dean can feel Cas’s eyes on him, boring holes into his skull. This was his own damn fault. If he hadn’t developed fucking
Dean thought bitterly. He’d worn the jade green sweater today and practically bathed in the blockers. Hopefully any alphas involved in this meeting would be distracted by his
He stares at the phone in his hand for a little while after, grinning like a fool. Cas might need to “stretch his legs” but he’d be home again soon, for more mornings waking up with Dean’s head pillowed against his chest.
Charlie managed to change the subject, but Castiel found himself stuck half in a melancholy mood. He smiled and laughed through the rest of the evening, but as they were parting ways on the sidewalk outside of the bar, he couldn’t help but sink into it a little. Charlie threw herself at him and hugged him tightly.
“No—” Dean gulps out, his eyes flying open as he grasps at Cas’s hand. Cas freezes, blue gaze locked on Dean’s. The firelight dances in them, far too close to be polite. Dean’s heart races, eyes darting down to Cas’s lips, which are
“I’m passionate about my work,” he said carefully. They held eye contact for a moment, then Gilda nodded slightly, pocketing his card.
“Dick Roman” was immediately recognizable, even to Dean, from the numerous magazine covers chronicling his business success over the years.
“Both!” Dean exclaims. “Look, I can’t say I’m not grateful that you wanna help, but I just . . . I can’t . . . Fuck!”
The last interview with Kevin Tran had been a full forty-five minutes, so it was going to take quite a while to transcribe. Cas had gotten used to the speech patterns of some of their regular participants, so he was actually cutting down his usual transcription time significantly. The Tran, Fay, and Blake files were all pretty large. Large enough, in fact, that Castiel would soon be able to start compiling and processing the data into his final project. He still needed the extension from Naomi to continue gathering data, but if he simply stayed with Gabriel, instead of returning to California . . .
“A void. An endless, dark void that nothing can penetrate.” Castiel takes Dean’s hands in both of his own. “What are we facing? What is happening to you?”
He hardly registered Cas’s hand on his face, but he definitely felt the soft press of Cas’s lips against his cheek, cutting him off. He closed his eyes and leaned into the touch automatically. Cas pulled back and rested his forehead on Dean’s temple.
,” Cas said, stripping off his suit coat and tie. Dean was clearly out of it, only turning to face Cas when he heard his voice. He usually responded more strongly to Cas’s scent.
“It’s not your fault,” Sam repeats, jostling Castiel slightly in his grip. Castiel nods once against his shoulder, which appears to be enough for Sam, who releases him. He makes eye contact when they pull back, patting his shoulder. After a moment, Sam sniffs hard against the tears in his eyes, rubs a hand over his nose and mouth, and walks away.
, not to mention worse for wear. The paint was chipped in several places, as though it had been pelted by bad weather and not repaired. It was badly in need of a wash, and that made Dean question whether or not Castiel had been attending to the inner workings of the car, either. His fingers itched even as he climbed into the back seat, even though it was quite possibly one of the ugliest cars he’d ever seen. He wanted to open up the hood, check her over, make sure everything was in top working condition . . .
He stumbles through the tree lines and into a clearing, lit just enough for him to see Dean’s crumpled form laying beside a stone well.
Cas finally managed to uncork the bottle before pouring half of it into one large goblet, and half into the other. Dean wasn’t exactly a fan of wine, but he wasn’t going to turn Cas down, either. He took the goblet from Cas’s hand. Face set with determination, Cas took his own goblet and downed a large gulp. Dean shrugged, then did the same.
“Has it? Wow, time flies when you’re being successful. Any-old-how, how’s my favorite little brother doing?”
He’s rushing through the trees for nearly twenty minutes before he realizes that he has no idea where he’s going. “Shit,” he curses, making himself stop. He can cast some kind of tracking spell, either on Dean or on the location, but it’s going to take some concentration and he has to calm down first in order to do it.
“Fine. You got me. A little birdie told me there’s some scent-negative nerd stomping around the Vinehall campus trying to get omegas to spill their dirty little secrets and I thought it sounded like you.”
Dean kicked at the ground and a tense silence fell for a moment. “Kevin won’t shut up about it,” Dean said at last. Castiel smiled.
“I have plenty of material,” Cas said, interrupting Dean’s thoughts. “I could always use more, though. It’s never going to really be
Cas moves forward slowly, gently, until his lips capture Dean’s. It’s soft, at first, a press of Cas’s mouth against his, then Dean shifts his head, seeking better alignment, and brushes feather-light across Cas’s lips with his own.
Cas cleared his throat, shuffling his papers. “So, were there ever any close calls? Anyone who might take issue with an omega mechanic?”
“It’s true that a Mage needs to obtain most of their energy through plant sources, but there’s no evidence that a purely vegetarian diet increases one’s power. I wasn’t aware that Sam subscribed to that school of thought.”
A moment later, he seemed to realize what he said and Castiel could tell he was on the verge of bolting so he said quickly, “It must have been quite an adjustment, then, to come here and stop suppressing.”
Irritation simmers under Dean’s skin as he hears Cas clunk along behind him. He hadn’t been sure when the strange soldier stomped up on his little altercation with Kubrick, but the moment he’d muttered that incantation and the shiver of Cas’s power resonated in the air, there hadn’t been any mistaking it. He should have expected something like this from Cas and Sam, but he’d been hoping they would just trust him like they say they do.
. It was a small, sterile place decorated in white plexiglass and shining chrome, but every surface was lit with various shades of blue lighting. He slipped inside and glanced around the small space, but it seemed he’d beat Dean there. Or, maybe Dean wasn’t coming.
Hannah said she could hardly scent him, either, though she had a weaker nose. The suppressants and blockers were doing their job.
For once in his life, Castiel found himself struck dumb. A set of sparkling green eyes and a disarming smile shone on the handsome, boyish face before him. Castiel’s heart skipped a beat as the alcove’s occupant put a large hand forward.
Dean’s scent was still filling his nose, and Cas realized he was rubbing his hands across his face. The scent still lingered there from when Cas had held him, stroked the pulse point in his wrist, nuzzled it, leaving his own scent there . . .
The cashier ignored him, processing the transaction, then smiling at them brilliantly. “I hope you and your friends visit us again soon, sir!” she said, inclining her head toward Dean almost in a bow. Dean nodded back at her awkwardly.
Dean dropped Cas’s hand as though he’d been shocked. The look Cas was giving him was unreadable, so Dean couldn’t know if he’d scented it, too, but Dean could feel panic squeezing around his heart.
Castiel stood and went to his dresser. “I’m afraid my pajamas may not fit you, but I have some boxers that might work,” he said, tossing them to Dean who had moved to undress. Castiel watched the taught muscles of Dean’s back move, a thrill running through him at the thought of getting to rake his nails down that as Dean fucked him into the mattress in the morning, before he dressed himself in his pajamas. Dean slid under the covers, shirtless and wearing Castiel’s boxers, and Castiel watched him settle in like a punch to his solar plexus. Dean blinked at him blithely from beneath his sheets.
“Shit, you’re mixed up with Bradbury? Baby brother mine, when you get yourself in it, you get in deep.”
He’d been lucky. Dr. Milton hadn’t been terribly impressed with his topic, but Professor Moseley and Dr. Barnes had intervened on his behalf and gotten her to pass his prospectus. How conservative alpha Dr. Naomi Milton had ended up the Head of Omega Studies at Berkeley, one of the most liberal alpha universities in the country, was a great mystery. She was the gatekeeper for all graduate students on the way to their diplomas in the program, and Castiel could only hope that he would be able to convince her that his work was worthy when it came to his defense.
As he tucked himself into bed and peeled the plastic off the latest edition of his favorite academic journal, suddenly his apartment felt too quiet, a little too empty. He sighed, glancing at his phone on the charging plate next to his bed. The screen was dark, but Castiel had to admit he was a little tempted. Would anyone message him? He should just delete it, especially thinking about who might be on there to see . . .
“I have contacts I can introduce you to here! C’mon, Cassie, the east coast is where the action is! What kind of glory is there in being an omega rights activist in fucking
Dean nearly jumps when Jack pokes his head into the bedroom door. “Dammit, Jack. We gotta get you a bell.”
Castiel pants into Dean’s neck, beyond words, when suddenly something snaps deep inside and he’s coming, hard enough to white out, groaning deep and loud into Dean’s neck as he spurts thin omega come all over Dean’s cock, fist, and stomach. Dean works him through it, then lets him go to pump his own cock. Castiel breathes deep, sucking in their combined scent, looking up into Dean’s face as his cheeks twitch, lower lip caught between his teeth.
Cas cut him off by taking hold of the back of his neck and gently guiding him into a fervent kiss. Dean melted, all of the leftover tension draining from him as he wrapped his arms around his alpha and leaned into him. Cas’s lips were warm and soft and familiar, and Dean couldn’t help but nip lightly at them, darting his tongue out to get Cas to deepen the kiss. It was only a few moments, however, before Cas pulled back with a couple of light pecks to his lips, and finally a lingering kiss pressed to his forehead. Dean couldn’t suppress the small whine that escaped as Cas moved just far enough away to stare into his eyes. As always, Dean felt like Cas was staring into the depths of his soul with his deep-blue x-ray vision. Cas smiled, small and secret, but Dean could see his own worry reflected there, too.
If Dean shivered again, he couldn’t be blamed for it. It wasn’t his fault that Cas swearing was in the top ten of his secret kinks list.
Except, their brightness was strange. And he looked pale, perhaps? Or had Castiel’s imagination supplied the glow in his absence?
He knew exactly who had sent the toy and the pheromones, who had sent the handkerchief, who his supposed "alpha" was, and yet he’d come over and over, screaming for him.
. He can’t get close enough; his skin is thrumming, everything has narrowed to the feel of Dean’s spit-slick lips sliding over his own.
It was a small suite, with a sitting room and kitchenette, a closed door that presumably led to the bathroom, and an open door that led into a sizeable room with an enormous king-sized bed. Castiel wondered briefly what Dean did for a living that would bring him to town into such nice accommodations.
Dean nearly choked again. “Were what, together?” Castiel shrugs. “No way, man. It’s ladies for Charlie, all the way. Nah, Gabriel’s a good boss. Kind of a dick, but you expect that from a tech mogul.”
“Perhaps you are!” Castiel looked up at her, finally, and she threw her hands up. “You aren’t the only one risking everything to come here.”
“’M broken,” Dean slurred, tears starting to fall now. Cas reached up and pulled Dean to him, nudging Dean to scent him, their shared scent born of their bond. Gently, he stroked Dean’s hair.
“I know,” Charlie said. “I mean, you kinda are the one who saved my ass by calling big brother here.”
“The prisoner is a friend of all of ours. We would all like to see her,” Castiel replied more sternly.
“He’s in mechanical engineering. That shit’s hard! And he’s really only got one more class to graduate, he’s gonna do that in the summer—"
As he approaches the gate, it becomes clear that his luck is holding for the moment. Dean is there, currently engaged in a heated argument with the gate guard. Castiel can suspect what this is about; the gate guards are trained to sense magical artifacts, and Dean doesn’t have a recent travel license to take the books and items he has in his bag out of the city. His first instinct is to go and settle the argument by saying that he’s travelling with Dean; as the Archmage he would be able to give Dean the authority to carry the items. Revealing that he’s leaving the city also is not a great idea, so he concentrates on casting a glamour over himself before moving toward the gate.
“Dean,” came a less familiar, though no less panic-inducing voice. Dean raised his eyes barely, then inclined his head again in a gesture of respect.
,” Castiel managed, hands gripping tightly to his sheets to refrain from gripping Dean’s hair. Heat rushed through him as he watched Dean sink down and then slowly pull back, cheeks hollowed, the ridiculous blue raspberry condom (part of a gag gift set provided by Balthazar at last year’s Pride Fest) making it look like he was sucking on a popsicle. Castiel might have laughed if he wasn’t too busy getting his brain sucked out through his dick.
Dean, correct?” Castiel asks, squinting slightly at Dean’s hesitation. Dean blinks a couple of times, then slaps his mask back on.
“Sam said it’s because you’re scent bonded. Cinnamon and cypress. Vanilla and evergreen. I thought . . . I thought you knew?”
By the time they’d stomped out the small flames, the wreath was in pieces, scorch marks on the carpet, and the small stain had spread like blood in the darkness. Both boys stood staring at the mess, speechless.
The low burning in his arm that he’d been tuning out all day flares suddenly, blindingly hot, and Dean can’t resist slapping his hand over it, pushing hard against the pain. Tears sting his eyes as he breathes through it, trying to focus on letting it ease, but if anything it gets even hotter. He bites back a soft whimper, eyes clamped shut, which is why he jumps when a gentle hand touches his shoulder.
“Rebel Alliance, that’s me. Dude, you have some seriously archaic vocabulary. Yes, I am the leader of . . . a pack of rebels, if you will. We’re planning on staging several demonstrations this fall and Gilda thought you might want in.”
“Holy shit, Cas, what are you doing to me?” Dean muttered against Castiel’s lips when they came up for air.
“I was just thinking the same,” Castiel said. Dean laughed, a light, pleasant sound, before holding out a hand for Castiel to shake.
“Fuck,” Dean breathed, adjusting his position a little and sinking in a bit deeper. “So tight . . .”
Further warning: Michael touches Dean's hand and wrist without obtaining permission, and also scents Dean's neck without permission. Dean is extremely uncomfortable, violated and scared.
, Dean thought. He shrugged. “I dunno, man. For my brother.” For the first time, Dean looked up at Kevin and wondered the same thing. “What about you?”
“Yeah, there’s no way I’m letting you go out like this, Dean-o. I’ve got a room set up back here for emergencies.”
Rowena looks far too knowing for Castiel’s liking. “Oh, dearie, I gave up attachments long ago. You would know better than me.”
It would be better if Dean could scent him, but Novak was on suppressants, and probably covered in blockers, so Dean couldn’t get any kind of a read on him. But his eyes were kind (and so,
“Are you . . . are you well, Dean?” Cas asked. Dean’s eyes flicked back up to Cas’s, flushing at getting caught staring.
“Are we all set, Mr. Harris?” she asked, though she looked at Dean. Dean nodded, giving himself a moment to acclimate to the air in the room. Mr. Harris was a beta. He didn’t notice the artificially clean smell of scent blockers that permeated the garage’s office. He smiled right back at Marcy.
Cas glared at him, but continued. “We aren’t . . . there isn’t anything like that between us. There can’t be. He was there tonight, and . . . we hardly know each other, but I can
“For now,” Dean said, stomping snow from his boots and hanging his jacket on a hook beside the door. “Here, let me,” Dean added, reaching for Castiel’s snow-covered coat.
“Dean, I’m a member of the Heavenly Host. I have six thousand brothers and sisters. On today of all days, I won’t be alone.”
gorgeous in person. As he approached, Castiel noticed that there were laugh lines crinkling the corners of his eyes and at the corners of his lips, and just a hint of grey hair along his temples, but other than that there was no way this perfect man could be forty-seven. The blue light obscured the true color of his eyes, but his freckles stood out starkly on his skin and Castiel felt the urge to kiss every one of them. He realized too late that he was staring, but Dean just grinned.
Castiel opens his mouth to say that it’s okay, he doesn’t need to play, but then suddenly one of the Halo iterations boots up on the screen and it’s like Castiel ceases to exist.
Sorry it took so long again! No excuses, just real life. Thank you so much if you are still with me, or just joining! Things should go back to normal now with shorter breaks between chapters.
“There’s nothing to explain. We were both consenting adults who had a casual encounter, and now I find out you’re part of the board giving me money. I understand how that looks, so of course we have to keep it a secret.”
The look Cas leveled him with should have been intimidating, but Dean just thought it was kinda hot.
“Oh, don’t worry. You weren’t the first one to call me that. It’s been my brothers’ nickname for me my whole life. I like ‘Cas’ much better.”
“Can’t smell anything yet, alpha,” Dean murmured, voice thick. Cas stiffened, then dropped his forehead onto Dean’s shoulder.
Kevin had continued to eye him suspiciously, but let it go. Dean had managed to hold the kid off until his scent returned to normal enough to resume his class schedule.
Dean ducks his head and sheepishly rubs the back of his neck. “Cause I got him one from the library at the University.”
Dean made himself busy with something in the kitchen while Castiel stood in the center of the room. Something was clearly bothering him, but Castiel had known Dean since he was a teenager and knew that if he was going to share, it would be in his own time.
“Oh, you think anything that happens to you affects my reputation? Please, like anyone gives a damn who you are or what you do. A couple of published papers in liberal publications will get you exactly
“Ice sculptures, nice touch,” Castiel said. “I guess we know where the accounting pool’s bonuses went this year.”
,” before Castiel drags him back in by the fist still twisted in the front of his shirt. They’re a little more coordinated now, but Castiel is still so
“And keep yourself that way. If you can, get back to that school and act like nothing happened. I’ll be up there in a few days once I get things squared away here. We’ll get her out, Cassie, just be patient, okay?”
“I think it’s best that we . . . that you and I . . .” Cas’s inner alpha rebelled at the thought of pushing his omega away. All he wanted was to gather Dean in his arms and tell him it would be okay, that they would be safe. But they couldn’t, not now that he knew. “Dean, please just
“It seems you have your bench, sir,” Castiel said curtly, before walking away after his beta friend.
A week later, nearly two full weeks since Dean woke up, he’s still spending most of his time in his room, or in Cas’s. He’s sitting in bed with his laptop across his knees, surfing through local police scanners, when Sam pokes his head in the door.
“Hey, buddy!” he called. Cas hushed him. “What, I thought you said the caretaker wasn’t around this time of night?”
“Dean—I’m close—” was all the warning Castiel managed to give before he was coming hard into the condom, thighs shaking over Dean’s shoulders. Dean’s vicious mouth turned gentle, lapping at Castiel through the aftershocks. As he started to soften, Dean pulled back and removed the condom, tying it off and tossing it in the direction of Castiel’s trash can. He smirked at Castiel before moving up to kiss him, deep and probing, while post-orgasmic lethargy started to set in to Castiel’s limbs. After a long moment, Dean pulled back to look into Castiel’s eyes, and Castiel couldn’t help but laugh.
“Sorry, Cas,” Dean says, settling on the arm of the couch next to his brother. “You can play winner?”
Castiel bombards Sam with instructions on how to delegate the daily running of the Bunker while he’s rushing out of the door. It’s two weeks until the Autumn Festival, and he won’t be needed for anything public until then. Hopefully, whatever is happening with Dean won’t take that long and he can be home in time to perform his duties.
Sam fusses at his bedside like he doesn’t know where to put his hands, then settles on handing Dean a glass of water from one of the side tables. Dean reaches out, very slowly, and manages to get a grip on it even as his hands burn and tingle. He drinks slowly, too, at first, but the water feels so good on his parched throat that he gulps it down in a few seconds flat and gasps afterward.
Castiel raised his glass in the toast, gently clinking it together with the others’. He sipped lightly at his wine, though Balthazar drank more deeply, and Charlie threw back an entire shot of some clear liquid. Vodka: it was too early for tequila shots. Hannah caught his eye with a smirk as they, too, sipped from their pink-tinted Manhattan. Castiel appreciated whenever Hannah joined them for their outings because Balthazar usually had to be poured into an Uber at the end of the night, and Charlie ended up insisting that they all go down the street to her favorite club, though Castiel usually declined. Hannah would stay to finish a drink with him before parting ways for the night. More than once, Castiel had questioned whether he should reexamine his feelings for them (and more than once Hannah had hinted romantic interest), but ever since Castiel had met them at new faculty orientation ten years ago, there had only been platonic feelings there.
Cas climbed out of his car and dragged his fingers gently across Baby’s hood as he passed. A thin layer of dust was starting to gather, so he was careful not to touch too much lest he scratch her pristine paint. He should take her for a wash next weekend.
Cas smiled weakly at the lovely new omega. “It’s nice to meet you, Gilda. Hannah can help you with paperwork, then we can get started.”
“Cas, you have an eidetic memory,” Gabriel chides. He pauses for a moment, locked in a staring contest with his little brother (which Castiel will inevitably win).
He ignored the stares he received on his way back to his building. He’d barely applied any blockers today, and the burnt-sugar scent of his displeasure was probably off-putting. He didn’t care.
“They’re here somewhere . . .” he began before Dean’s large hands landed on his hips, the evidence of Dean’s arousal grinding against the meat of Castiel’s ass.
Dean glances over at Charlie where she sits on the sofa, legs crossed and a huge bowl of ice cream in her hands. They’re re-watching
The now-familiar scent of omega mourning still filled the house when he entered. It had grown a little stale, less fresh than it had been in recent days. So, it wasn’t the scent that surprised him as he made his way through the kitchen and into the living room.
It had been a complete non sequitur, but Sam flushed beet red from his shirt collar to his floppy hair, and Dean knew he’d hit on something big. It was pretty easy to get Sam to start rambling about
After a quick shower, Dean could feel the heat rising in his guts again. He had to lean on Kevin as they approached their building’s heat rooms. A beta guard took one look at Dean and unlocked the nearest room, showing both omegas inside. Kevin dumped the bag Dean had managed to scrape together on the floor, then high-tailed it back to their room, or anywhere other than there, really. Dean didn’t blame him.
“Enough!” Bobby snaps. He waves his hand at two chairs in front of his desk, forcing them into the back of Dean and Castiel’s knees so that they sit. “You gonna listen to what I got to say, or are you gonna keep bitchin’ at each other?”
Cas reaches out to lay a hand on Dean’s arm. It’s warm and comforting, and Dean revels in it. “You are not a freak, Dean.”
Castiel rolls his eyes, but Dean’s are dancing with laughter. “You’re incorrigible,” Castiel laments fondly. Dean grins.
Blue-eyes—Castiel?—startled again, turning toward another stranger, this one clearly a beta (her soft natural scent wafted through the violets, a breath of fresh air that had Dean’s nose unconsciously seeking more). She stormed toward him with purpose, putting Dean back on his heels a little. She turned her gaze to Dean briefly, then ignored him.
“Well, we can’t be too careful. I’m sure you’ve seen the news, all those omegas caught with contraband lately. And she’s really almost too pretty for a beta!”
The water ran cold, and Dean sighed, turning off the water and getting out of the shower. He’d mostly worked through these thoughts, but there was a ton riding on this.
“They all can see you, you know,” Michael continued. “How beautiful you are. How much you belong to me.”
“Dean, I am the most powerful Mage in the country. Whatever is going on, I’m not proposing that you let me handle it, or help, but I could help
His eyes dart away to look anywhere but Castiel’s face as he rolls up his shirt sleeve. The Mark is growing darker by the day.
“Um . . . okay, so, I don’t want to come across as paranoid, but can we maybe meet and talk? You’re staying on Vinehall property, and they’ve got, like, mad surveillance skills, so . . .”
It didn’t take long for the water to wash over him and the faint hints of leather and honey to intensify in the steam. He watched the water swirl around his feet before reaching for his soap. He squirted a dollop in his palm before he realized that he had grabbed the wrong bottle. The envelope came today. It was time to switch over.
He collapsed onto his side (away from the wet spot) with a huff. The burning heat within him had cooled a little, but only to embers. It was going to peak eventually, but for now he was lucid enough between waves to get the room a little more set up.
“Grandson, actually. My brother and I came to live here after mother died. He’s training me to take over the family estate. Grandfather doesn’t believe in indulging childish whims like
,” Cas moaned, rubbing his hands up and down Dean’s flanks. “Yes,” he hissed as the head of his cock caught on Dean’s puffy rim. “Gonna fill you up.”
“I told you already, I don’t ‘have’ him. He’s down there,” she says, gesturing at the smoke. “Go directly toward the center; that is where he’ll be. Find him if you can, but be warned, Castiel. I’m watching.”
“My name is Nick, and I will be your server this evening,” he says entirely to Castiel. “Could I interest either of you in a glass of wine this evening? Or perhaps one of our own house-label ales?”
Castiel ground his teeth and turned off the television, throwing himself into his research. He had a lot of work to do.
It took them twenty minutes to figure out that the school had a car service they were expected to use if they ever ventured off campus. It actually turned out that Kevin had an inside connection with the beta security company that kept a close eye on the omegas at the school at all times and managed to get permission for the two of them to leave with a beta from the community. They just had to sign out at the gate with the time they expected to arrive back.
“I had a really good time,” Dean started, but Castiel cut him off, determined not to make this weird.
“I did. But I’d like to hear it from you. I’m glad you didn’t lie to me. So many omegas lie about their age, it’s sad, really. Many omegas age like fine wine. I’m sure that will be you.”
“Gonna fuck me, Cas?” Dean asked, cock starting to fill again at an omega’s quick refractory rate. “Gonna bounce me on your cock?”
(He didn’t tell her that Cas had to work Christmas Eve, and so Dean didn’t try too hard to get his shifts changed.)
“Kevin, you okay?” he asked, poking his head into the common area. Kevin slapped his hand down on his desk and shook his head.
Right at one, there was a polite knock on the door. Cas and Hannah looked at each other, then Garth said cheerily, “I’ll get it.”
Castiel set up his digital recorder and pulled out his notebook. “Gilda, what brings you here today?”
Sam and Dean are quiet, and the relatively short distance between Donatello’s nursing home and the boys’ home base stretches on in the silence.
“You scored a 34 on your ACT, Castiel. Colleges won’t care if you remember anything about the Joads.”
Cas’s lips were chapped, dry and thick, but his mouth was warm and inviting as he placed several light pecks to the pout of Dean’s lips before capturing them in a deep kiss. Dean’s breath caught, his arms wrapped around Cas’s neck, body flush against the alpha’s as they moved together. Dean flicked his tongue against Cas’s bottom lip, then captured the resulting moan as he was invited inside.
She did, and after they had picked up the keys to their spaces from the pretty little omega secretary in the outer office they made their way out onto the quad.
. He knows who he is and it’s something that’s born of fire and battle and blood and isn’t something he’d change, not even for an instant. And isn’t that fucking
“Dean, this is Michael Milton, one of our board members!” Adler said, clapping Milton on the shoulder.
“Think it’s showtime, babe,” he’d said, before Cas rushed to their room and grabbed their prepared hospital bags and then ushered Dean out to the car.
“Go back to sleep, little alpha,” Dean murmured, grabbing Cas’s hand and inching closer, pressing his belly up against Cas’s flat stomach. Sometimes he felt his daughter kick like this in their sleep.
at poker. He manages to make it through five whole hands without losing a single article of clothing. At this point, Sam has shed his other sock and his shirt, Dean has lost his socks and his jacket, and Gabriel is sitting at the table in his boxers.
“Sorry,” Cas said automatically, putting down his backpack. His hands were already kind of sweaty as he thought about putting his plan in motion.
“I’m from a very traditional family, Mr. Novak. I was raised with the belief that omegas are special, cherished, fragile. My grandfather supported the bill that made it illegal for omegas to work outside of the home when he was in Congress. My mother is from an old family that sent all of their omega children here. That is the world from which I come, sir.”
The catch in Dean’s breath made Cas’s heart ache, and even though he’d been careful not to touch Dean unless he asked, he couldn’t help but lean forward and press him close. Dean stiffened, but only for a moment, before he relaxed into Cas’s grip and hugged him back. Tears pricked behind Cas’s eyes when Dean turned his nose in to scent him, relief flooding the air around them. Cas clutched at the back of Dean’s sweatshirt as Dean whimpered a little into Cas’s neck.
was there next to him. Dean, who wore his heart on his sleeve, whose big green eyes lit up at the chance to help someone out, even if it was a bit embarrassing. Dean, whose friendship Cas valued above everything else, whose arms felt warm and reassuring and strong when they enveloped him in a hug. Dean, whose hands had ventured under the covers to touch his own cock when the sounds and the images of the porn before him became overwhelming.
The brothers are standing on opposite sides of one of the small tables clustered in the library, a single lamp lit between them. Dean, the elder, is wearing a worn pair of trousers and a light linen shirt, clearly dressed for travel. Sam, on the other hand, is dressed in his nightshirt with the monogrammed gray robe that all initiates receive slung haphazardly over his shoulders. A large canvas bag is laying open on the table between them, stuffed full of weapons, books, and other objects that Castiel can’t discern from his distance. Both of them are staring at Castiel, frozen in place.
Cas’s dick was fully hard now, tenting his sheets and aching. He breathed deeply, concentrating on the film, holding off from touching himself until he couldn’t stand it anymore. He imagined Dean wrapping one of his beautiful hands around his own cock, wrist twisting at the head, fist flying over the flesh as he drilled his fingers into his sweet spot. The quick creaks from the bed beside him fueled his imagination, and Cas finally gripped his throbbing erection, biting his lip to keep from moaning, as he slowly and firmly worked his hand up and down his length. Dry, he had to grip tight, but the pressure helped build the tension in his gut. Just barely, he heard Dean beside him, Dean’s breaths coming quicker, the ever-so-subtle squeak of springs in time with them.
Dean had worn one of the cashmere sweaters he’d grown fond of under his wool pea coat, and it had gotten soaked through from the exposed collar. He shrugged.
Cas watched Dean turn and reach for him, his hard cock bobbing obscenely between his hips. Cas stumbled over his feet as his pants got caught up on his shoes, but Dean was too far gone to laugh. By the time he got to Dean, Cas was rock hard and arousal was buzzing thick through his veins. He lowered himself over his omega, kissing Dean’s plush lips, pulling the lower one into his mouth to suck gently. Dean moaned, wrapping his arms around Cas.
He looked pale, his freckles standing out in contrast, his long eyelashes dark against his cheeks as he stared at his shoes. He was wearing another lovely sweater, a scarf artfully draped around his elegant throat against the cold. He was beautiful, and overwhelming, and still, even under the blockers, Castiel could smell him. He was worried, anxious, but under all that was, somehow, possibly,
“Fuck, baby, I want you,” Dean breathed against Cas’s lips, left hand grazing down Cas’s side and toying with his nipple. Cas arched into the touch, biting hard on his lip.
Dean swallowed hard enough for his throat to click. “He, uh, told me I’d get his bite and a ring someday, so . . .”
“What publisher? Any books I know?” Dean replies, ignoring the question. Castiel blinks, the first sign that he might actually be perturbed by Dean.
Gabriel laughed maniacally as there was a knock on the door to the bungalow. It was probably Hannah. Castiel had sent her a text letting her know his new living arrangements.
In spite of his better judgement, Castiel called the doctor to postpone his next suppressant shot before he left for lunch with Charlie that Friday. Away from the cocktail of Dean’s pheromones it was easier to think more clearly. He really did feel awful, and he had vomited up everything he’d eaten of the last couple of days. He had just started to feel better that morning, and wanted a few days to recover before dosing his body again. He made sure to slather on a thick layer of blockers, though, lest someone notice he’d pushed back his next dose.
“Just glad everything’s back to normal,” he says. Cas reaches up to cup Dean’s cheek, caressing his cheekbone with his thumb. Dean bites back a whimper.
to tell his mother about. After three or four glasses, the bubbles seemed to affect him, as he grew increasingly giggly as the night wore on.
Castiel sighed, leaning back against his sofa. “Thank you,” he replied. “Now please, let’s drop the whole thing, okay?”
Dean swallowed a few more breaths, then finally looked around at his surroundings. He was in the middle of the quad, which was still lush and green even with the impending change in the weather. There was a bench nearby, under a pretty shade tree, so Dean moved over and sat down. There were hardly any other students around, which gave Dean a little privacy to open his envelope.
“Mmhmm. Well, keep it that way, or the consequences will be dire and sweeping.” Adler got up and left, leaving traces of his nauseating scent behind. Cas’s joints unfroze, and he nearly fell to the floor as blood rushed through his limbs. Gabriel came back in, noticing Castiel on his knees immediately.
Dean let himself be led down a hallway and into a comfortable back bedroom on the second floor. There was a large, plush bed set up in the middle of a wall, and a large wardrobe next to a small window. It was, ironically, much like the heat rooms back at the school.
“Right! So, suppressants, blockers, regular reports . . . I think that’s everything! You can see my secretary on your way out, she has the keys to your apartment and office space.”
“I’ve got something new I think you’ll like, Cas,” Dean said, unearthing a DVD still in its wrapping. “Charlie recommended this new company to me; apparently they’re all about ethics and female empowerment, even in their guys-only stuff.”
, Castiel thought. The song ended, and Castiel stepped back to lead Dean off the dance floor. Dean squeezed his hand, but when Castiel started to walk away, Dean didn’t move.
Inside a handsome box was an embroidered handkerchief, a monogram, with a large “M” in the middle with a smaller “M” and a “D” flanking it on either side. A traditional first courting gift from an alpha to his omega. Dean struggled to breathe.
The words fell softly from Castiel’s lips, casting a pall over the atmosphere in the room. Dean’s face turned hard, though his small smile remained in place.
“Oh, shit, we gotta change those,” Dean says, and before Cas can protest, Dean is hurrying off and shuffling back with his medical kit. He goes willingly as Dean sits on the bed next to him and digs out disinfectant and bandages.
The door opens and Dean comes back in with a bucket full of water. Castiel steps away from the wall to help him.
Castiel drags the zipper down slowly, the teeth releasing his rapidly filling cock. He tries to surreptitiously press the heel of his hand against it, but when he does Dean’s eyes flash up to meet Castiel’s, and Castiel knows he’s been caught.
“Ticklish?” he teased, but Castiel got his revenge as he dug his own fingertips into Dean’s side, causing Dean to crumple with laughter, falling to the bed as Castiel chased him to continue his assault. Dean finally got hold of Castiel’s wrists again and flipped them so he straddled Castiel’s chest, Castiel’s feet planted on the floor. Dean kept eye contact as he pulled his own undershirt over his head. He pulled back at first when Castiel reached up to trail fingers down the dusting of silvered chest hair that led over Dean’s waist (trim but soft around the edges) and disappeared below his belly button and into his pants. Castiel followed it further, skating fingers over the impressive bulge pressing against Dean’s zipper. Dean shuddered, then reached down and pressed Castiel’s hand firmly into the hard line of his cock.
“Um . . .” Cas managed, aware that he’d been asked a question, at least. Green-eyes laughed lightly, showing perfectly straight, white teeth.
“Dean—” Castiel tries as Dean walks past him, and for a moment it looks like Dean’s going to ignore him before he turns around and strides to Cas and pulls him into his arms. They’re tight around him, tighter than Sam’s, and Castiel can actually
Cas did eventually manage to make it out of the door. Dean rode out another wave of cramps after Cas left, but he hadn’t felt any of the fever or
Dean gasps against Castiel’s mouth as Castiel sends a trickle of magic through him, just enough to tingle.
But before he left, he needed to make sure that Dean wouldn’t experience lasting harm from what Castiel had done.
“Thank you,” Castiel says, pulling a plate toward himself. He’s planning on standing to eat, but Ellen huffs and taps the bar in front of him.
Dean moves over to the entertainment cabinet beside the flat screen and fiddles with a stereo. Soon, classic rock is playing at a moderate volume through the speakers before the TV comes to life and Dean tosses game controllers to Gabe, Benny, and Sam.
No, Cas isn’t familiar, as the deep gashes hidden under his bandage tell. He scratches at it subconsciously.
In vain, Dean sniffs the air as though he could breathe hard enough to make his sense of smell return.
“C’mon, alpha, can’t leave me like that,” Dean said, wrapping his arms around Cas’s waist and grabbing handfuls of his ass. Cas growled, tangling his fingers in Dean’s hair and pulling his head back to run his nose along the line of Dean’s throat. Dean shivered again, baring his throat to his alpha. Cas pressed gentle kisses on Dean’s mating mark, then left a hot trail up to his ear and along the underside of his jaw. He started to go a bit weak in the knees at the attention Cas lavished on his scent gland until he realized . . . Cas was scenting him. Subtly, sure, but he was searching.
The voice caught Cas off guard. He’d somehow wandered to the bench while his mind drifted, and sitting there in a lavender-and-pale blue plaid button-up and a light grey sweater vest was the green eyed omega.
When he was done, he toweled off and settled in his room. He tore through his closet, looking for something, anything that hadn’t come from Michael, but he’d gotten rid of all his old clothes once he’d run out of room for new ones. He finally gave up, flinging himself onto his bed, naked, pressing the heels of his hands into his eyes. Something heavy and warm still circled his wrist. It was the fucking watch, still ticking soberly away, despite its exposure to the hot water.
It should be too much, it should feel like a mistake, but Castiel wants everything with Dean and he isn’t sure he’ll have it beyond tomorrow.
“Great,” Dean says, then starts walking to the back corner of the room, near the cold fireplace. He shifts a rug aside and then lifts open a trapdoor hidden in the floorboards. Castiel moves to follow him, but is stopped by a firm hand on his elbow.
Abruptly, Gabriel stops in front of one of the apartment doors at the end of the long hallway and knocks. Castiel scents subtly at the air, though stops when Gabriel raises an eyebrow at him.
Cas’s mouth fell open, and the omega looked like he had shocked himself. “I, uh . . .” he stammered.
While Gabriel was gone, Castiel continued to focus on his breath. He felt like he could fill his lungs again, sucking in deep lungfuls of sweet, refreshing air. The ballroom had been stifling, despite the chill outdoors. All of the scents were overwhelming, and he’d had to step onto the balcony to clear his head. Hannah had insisted that the fall social would be a perfect research opportunity, so he had gone. He’d planned to spend the entire night in a quiet corner, taking whatever relevant notes he could, then leaving at the earliest opportunity.
The music changed tempo, and Castiel found himself drifting closer to Dean, settling a hand on his shoulder while Dean’s drifted to his back. He shuddered involuntarily as they began to sway, eyes locked on each other’s. Heat crept up Castiel’s cheeks and the back of his neck; something was settling between them, something Castiel hardly dared acknowledge. For one dangerous, daring moment, Castiel wondered what it might be like to kiss him, and a dark, heated desire flashed through his belly.
“Alpha?” Castiel asks at last, which breaks the spell. Dean looks up at him, wetting his lips again, before reaching out and stroking Castiel’s cheek.
For a heart-stopping second, Cas thought that Dean was going to leave, or at the very least stay on his side of the room. But then, slowly, Dean stood up and walked closer.
The muffled groan emanated from deep under the covers, where just the top of Castiel’s mop of unruly hair peeked up above the comforter.
Castiel manages to relax as the evening goes on (though he never does get to play a round of the video game), when suddenly the apartment is plunged into darkness.
“Three weeks? That’s very quick. I hope you aren’t pushing this too quickly. Suppressants can damage you, you know.”
The brothers fall silent at Castiel’s sharp word. Castiel takes a deep breath. He isn’t sure what’s going on here, but he has a gut feeling that perhaps all of the strange occurrences tonight might be connected.
“Okay, Dean. You’ve got clean sheets and toys in here,” Gabriel said, indicated the wardrobe, “and Cassie and I will drop by with food and water. How long do your heats usually last?”
Dean’s entirely too comfortable for having spent the night on his bedroll in the woods when he wakes. He’s warm, dry, and, rarest of all, he feels
is your car?” Dean demanded. “Wow, nice pimp-mobile,” he added before he could stop himself. Castiel frowned.
He was distracted the entire day, thinking about the way Dean had sounded moaning out his name. Maybe this had been a fluke? Or was it an escalation of their porn-watching activities? Should Cas stop it, then? Or . . . or maybe . . .
“No marks,” Castiel managed, and Dean pulled off immediately, pressing one more kiss to the spot he’d been worrying at the junction of Castiel’s neck and shoulder.
The moments tick past in silence as Dean looks at the books Cas has open. “What’re you researching?” he asks idly.
“I’m glad!” Dean cried, and it took a long moment for Castiel to figure out that he’d spoken those thoughts aloud.
Charlie sighed deeply. “Okay, fine. It goes against everything in my nature, but I will respect your wishes.”
“Wow, what a dick,” Dean mutters, each line conjuring up more of an image of some spoiled trust fund kid with a major alpha superiority complex.
Castiel still isn’t sure what persuaded him to tag along with Gabriel, but here he is, trailing behind his big brother up the stairs to a fifth-floor walk-up apartment close to the university campus. He didn’t know what he expected, but the building is clean, if a bit run down, and clearly open to diverse residents. The hallways smell mostly like industrial strength scent blocking cleaner, so it’s difficult to tell whether alphas, betas, or omegas live behind each door. Castiel’s newly-presented omega nose is sensitive, picking up sharp notes of individual scents as they move past each apartment.
“Mr. Milton here wanted to meet you, Dean,” Adler said, significance in his tone. Dean nodded slightly. “Well, he’s all yours Mike. I’m just going to step out for a minute. The door will be open, of course. My secretary can hear everything, so don’t go getting any ideas!”
Kevin nodded, and chills ran down Dean’s spine. He knew the consequences for misrepresenting secondary gender all too well. Benny’s wife would be lucky to ever get to return to her family. Especially if she’d been working, not just “helping out” at the diner owned by her alpha.
Cas shrugged. It was as good an excuse as any. “I suppose. Put mine in the refrigerator; I’ll warm it up when I get hungry later.”
Dr. Banes smiled again. “You’re both healthy with good test results, so theoretically we could continue on with the rounds of IUI indefinitely. But, as you said, the trigger shots are hard on your body, and research has shown that after six rounds of IUI the effective rate of the procedure drops exponentially. Especially in male omegas over thirty-five. So, what I would recommend is that we do this one more time: start the ProMega today, then in five days come in for an ultrasound and hopefully do the trigger shot and then the procedure twenty-four hours later. Cas, I know you’re an old pro at this by now, but no ejaculating for three days before the procedure.”
“Yeah, I think I should apologize for that. I’m not really good with words, though, so I guess it shouldn’t have been a surprise.”
Another message appeared, this time of a thick, erect penis, a hand wrapped around his base. The camera angle wasn’t great, but based on the size of the man’s hand, he was averagely endowed and unremarkable. Castiel frowned. A dick pic wasn’t entirely unexpected, but suddenly the absurdity of the entire situation hit him all at once.
“Yes,” Castiel replied, and Dean, just as suddenly as he’d appeared, left into the growing dark. Castiel collapsed into his chair, scrubbing his face with his hands.
“Do you wanna come in?” he asked, meeting Castiel’s gaze in a challenge. After being called, Castiel could not leave again until he was released by his charge, though he was not required to remain in the same location. Dean knew that Castiel was free to refuse.
Cas moved cautiously toward Dean, who was shoving items into a garbage bag with vigor. “Dean, are you sure you’re all right?”
It had been a very long time since he’d missed working with his hands quite so fiercely, but it was a feeling he couldn’t shake the entire drive into the city center.
Hi, guys! Sorry for the lack of update last week. With the show back on I might have to switch update days, but I still want to do weekly if I can manage it! Thank you all so much for sticking with me!
“Look!” Dean exclaimed at one point, leaning out of the curtains. Castiel stole over next to him, trying to spot what he pointed out. “Is that your sister dancing with my brother?”
