“I think you can move.” Dean said as he pushed back experimentally, revelling in the feeling of Cas’ cock pressing inside.
Jack beamed. “Okay. Cas said he'll treat us all to pancakes when we make our first stop. Are you hungry in the meantime? I can make you something. Jody has been teaching me. I can boil an egg now and make popcorn.” he said proudly.
Dean felt a wave of gratitude towards the stranger, completely overriding his fear of him. Sure, he was still a terrifying bastard, but he was trying to give Dean back a little of the power that Alistair had taken from him. It was a kindness he wasn't sure he deserved.
Cas smiled softly. “Yeah, it's me, I'm sorry we scared you, little one.” he said, lifting the tired little boy from his husbands arms. He pulled him close and rocked him gently, rubbing Jacks back until the little hitched breaths began to settle.
“It can happen like that. People look up and see someone in a completely new light. You two have always been close. Cas called it a profound bond, right? This might be a natural progression of that.” Sam said, with a shrug.
So I'm going to go ahead and warn for possible triggery stuff. A little gore and angst and a cliffhanger.
“Cool, I’ll just dump my bag in my room and we’ll head out, okay?” Dean said, throwing an arm around her shoulder and grinning as they left the room.
For the next half hour Sam and Dean took Jack and Cas through the basics. Both celestials swam like rocks at first, but soon got the hang of it, growing more confident and proficient. Cas actually seemed to be enjoying it, cutting through the water like he was born to it. Dean challenged Cas to a race to up the ante.
Dean entered the house, heading to Bobby's room to pack him some items, he pushed down the feeling of rejection that suddenly flashed through him at Cas' seemingly casual dismissal, knowing that Cas hadn't meant anything by it and that his Omega hormones were going crazy, making him a little irrational and needy. He huffed a laugh to himself at his own ridiculousness as he packed a small overnight bag with Bobby's essentials. It seemed that the Omegas were all going into heat at the same time, possibly due to proximity. Jess had mentioned that it happened sometimes in bigger clans where there were a lot of Omegas. It was practically unheard of to have so many Omegas under one roof.
Sam gave the guy a friendly pat on the shoulder. “Thanks, man. We’ll get outta your hair.” he said, stepping forward to pull Dean up out of the pool with a splash.
“Wow, that’s- Exactly how long ago did you fall in love with me, Cas?” Dean asked, suddenly terrified he knew the answer.
I really struggled with this chapter, I had to edit out a lot of descriptive stuff (turns out I'm a details whore, who knew?) because it slowed down the flow of the story. Plus, the chapter was getting too big and was a little clunky in places. I hope I got it right, I edited it from my sickbed so...yeah.
Finally Jake stood in front of Cas and gave him a good look. “Now, Castiel. You got some decent boots for the trail? I doubt you'll be wearin' yer fancy suit and tie, but the trail will chew yer feet without decent hiking boots. Gotta make sure you and yer boy are kitted out right.” he said, gesturing to the rails where there was a selection of outdoor clothing and boots.
Bobby unveiled the plans for the new settlement just after breakfast. It would be a huge project, and would take many hands and a lot of time to build. The first stage of the plan was accommodation. They needed a space for people to live in whilst the rest of the settlement could be built. Garth's cabin would be first, he need a separate space to work his distillery set up and they would need a lot of ethanol in order to fuel the vehicles and machinery necessary for construction. Then a dormitory for the workers that had agreed to help set up the buildings necessary for infrastructure.
“I don't know. Will you go right back to bed afterwards, like a good boy?” he asked, stepping into the room.
Cas shifted and Dean got his first real look at the wound on his side. It was smaller than he expected, the stitches small and neat. Eventually, the scar would be barely noticeable.
“I guess the correct analogy would be a relay in this situation. Us handing the baton to the younger generation.” Sam mused, making Dean chuckle.
His past relationships had all been with Betas, the Omegas in the clan were either related to him or slaves to an Alpha. He shuddered at the thought of raiding a settlement or trading for an Omega. It turned his stomach that the other Alphas in his clan didn't even see Omegas as people. Just a wet hole to fuck and breed. Betas were only just above them in status, being worthless for breeding they were given the donkey work of the clan. His clan didn't raid, but they did trade. They truly thought it was more
He didn’t hear Cas approach until he was right behind him, grabbing his arm and turning him around. They stood face to face, Cas’ eyes alight with hope.
Dean laughed as Cas grinned and nodded. “Yeah, little man. Papa already told me it's my turn next year. Don't worry, we have it all figured out ahead of time.” he said with a chuckle.
Sam was a little hesitant, he still felt guilt at the thought of being happy when Dean was missing, but holding back was getting harder and harder. Mating with Jess was on his mind almost as much as finding Dean these days. He had asked her to wait a while and she had agreed, wanting Sam to be sure before exchanging bite marks.
Bobby gasped as he recognised Dean immediately. He was thinner, his face had a slight gaunt quality to it and his hair was much longer than he usually kept it. The cotton shirt and pants he wore hung off his lean frame, but his smile was exactly the same as he stumbled forwards in his haste to get to Bobby, one arm out in front as his other arm was strapped to his chest.
“I did what I could. Now it's up to Cas. From what I've been told, he's stubborn, which is a good and bad thing. Good, because it means he'll fight. Bad, because once he's feeling a little better, he's going to be a pain in the ass patient. But I'll take that over the other outcome any day.” said Jess, starting her own checks on her patient.
Sam was a wreck, and stood awkwardly as Bobby climbed out the other side of the truck and checked his shotgun.
Sam stood to one side as he watched Bobby mark out the area where Garth's cabin would go with stakes and string. The older man was muttering under his breath and pacing occasionally, stopping every now and again to shift a stake or kick a rock out of the way. The sun was barely above the horizon, but Bobby had wanted to get an early start and make the most of the light of day.
“I'm sorry, that was a little cruel in the delivery, but the sentiment remains true.” said Cas, hopping down from the rail and kneeling in front of Dean. “Now, can you stop putting yourself down? What you are feeling right now is perfectly normal, stop acting like I should be scared off by it. I've waited a long time to find someone to share my life with. Someone to love me for real, not just bound to me with a bite. You being emotional doesn't scare me. It's the thought that you don't feel anything for me at all, that terrifies me the most.”
Dean looked at his brother who was chewing his lip nervously. “Is that what you wanna do? Or are you just doing it for me?” he asked, his voice rough.
“Yep. Did you see him nearly bowl me over? Should get him into the NFL, with a tackle like that.” Dean joked.
“Hah! That's it!” crowed Dean as the radio suddenly crackled to life, fizzing with static. Cas couldn't help but smile at Dean's joy.
“It's Dad” sighed Dean, relieved, relaxing his posture and moving to open the door. Sam rose from his bed to stand with Dean as the door opened and John marched in, eyeing the packed bags by the door.
“Son, I think you'd better take some more of that medicine. I can barely see the map because you're shakin' so hard.” he said gently.
Boy, did it get hot in here? Sexy times ahead. Dean learns a thing or two. Cas gets to show off. Time to earn that E rating.
“I'll explain once I get us out of here.” Castiel stopped suddenly “Wait, you said 'us Omegas', you're not the only one here? There are more of you?” he looked at Dean worriedly.
Jack looked bashful. “I thought of it when we were on a hunt and you said you wished you had a certain reference book with you.” he said.
Dean blushed and chewed his lip nervously. “I’ll teach you.” he blurted, before he could change his mind.
The door to the bunker clanged and Castiel's distinctive shuffling footsteps could be heard making their way down the iron staircase. He gave his signature half smile as he stepped up into the library, his arms full of grocery bags.
Dean suddenly shot forward grabbing Sam's ankles and pulling his legs out from underneath him so that he fell onto his back onto the bed. “Mwahaha! Revenge is so sweet, brother of mine” crowed Dean as he wrestled Sam's arms away from his face and pinned them with a knee as he brandished the underwear threateningly.
Cas woke to a loud engine revving just outside his window, he yawned, stretched and tried to resist scratching at his wound over his bandages. It was itching like crazy. Running a hand through his hair, he swung his legs out of the bed and stood up, he stretched again, arms above his head, back arched and up on his tip toes until his back made a satisfying 'pop'.
Cas chuckled, it was obvious from the look on Jess' face that she wasn't really mad at the two Omegas, but they had scared her with their reckless behaviour and so felt the punishment was just.
“Okay, Just relax as much as you can. I won’t hurt you, I promise.” Cas said, his voice calm and soothing.
Cas rolled his eyes. “The only reason you don't have liver disease or clogged arteries is because I heal you regularly, or you would be working on a massive heart attack right now.” he reminded, sobering Dean's laughter. He'd suffered a heart attack that had almost killed him when he had taken down a Rawhead a few years ago. It was something he had no wish to repeat, getting shot hurt less in comparison. He felt a wave of gratitude towards the angel for his help.
“Your beard is coming in nicely.” Cas said, stroking Deans fuzzy cheek as they lay side by side on the bank of the lake, drying off after a swim.
“If you wish, but it will be a long conversation and not one I wish to have right now.” said Cas, the anger had drained out of him and he looked tired.
Dean looked guilty and Sam sighed. Neither of them liked the reminder that their friend had been homeless and starving for a time.
“For the record, I wasn't dreaming about the compound last night. I was dreaming about the cabin, when Dad died. Only in my dream, you died too.” Dean growled angrily. “You keep acting like me being in that compound was the worst thing to ever happen to me. Let me tell you, it wasn't. Not knowing whether you made it or not was the worst. Now I'm out, and I have a home and I know my brother is safe and mated and happy, it makes every damn second in that compound worth it. So stop tip toeing around me and treating me like a victim to alleviate your misplaced guilt. You make me feel like I never got out. I want to move on and recover, and I can't do that if you keep throwing it in my face!” He turned away from Sam with tears in his eyes.
“It got me noticed, the old man wanted to meet me. I finally had my chance. I didn't intend to come back alive. In my head, I was gonna go down after taking out as many of those bastards at the top as possible.” he paused again as Charlie gasped.
Mary’s kitchen turned out to be the worst kept secret in town. It was heaving with customers, but had a warm and cosy atmosphere and friendly staff. Dean was pleased that he had taken a chance on this place, and so were the other customers by the look on their faces.
“Calm down, Dean. My mom will be so happy to see me, she'll make you guys so many pies, you'll be sick of them.” laughed Jo.
Dean grinned. “Hell yeah, they have like fifty different flavours of ice-cream then there’s the toppings, sauces and waffle cone vs bowl. It’s like paradise for people with a sweet tooth.” he said enthusiastically.
Dean pretended to think about it before smiling and nodding. “Sure, If we start after breakfast we can drive out a little ways, not too far, maybe take some lunch with us and make a day of it. I can always take over if you get too tired. Does that sound like something you'd like?” he said, looking hopefully at the Alpha
Cas shrugged. “Perhaps, but they are equally important to me, and that is what matters.” he said, pressing two fingers to Deans head and sending him to sleep before he could answer.
“I'm hoping so.” Cas said softly. “We're trying to raise him to be a good person.” he said, catching Deans eye.
Tears streamed from Deans eyes as he panted, face down on the bed. Cas had wrung two orgasms out of him already. The second one had seemed to go on forever, making Deans abs ache. Cas had opened him up so slowly, massaging his prostate until he’d come without a drop of spunk coming from his dick. Now he was rimming him, the inside of his ass cheeks burned from Cas’ scruff and he was on the verge of begging as Cas’ long tongue flicked in and out of his hole.
“Oh, man. I can digitise the entire Men of Letters library, we could have a workshop to build traps and.. OH! We could train new hunters right there in the bunker!” Sam said excitedly.
“I hope you're suffering, you bastard. I hope this really hurts and it takes you a long time to die. You'll die alone, in the dark, with no-one to mourn you. At least my dad died quickly, at least he died knowing he was loved. He died with honour. You never had any. You think you broke me? You didn't even scratch the surface.” he suddenly let go of Alistair and stepped back. The stranger looked impressed and gave Dean a small smile before saying gently “Shall we?” nodding towards the well.
“Well, we’d all better get a good nights sleep tonight then. Lets make this the last game and then we’ll all hit the hay.” Mary said, looking at her cards. “I got a lead on a hunt in Texas, Bobby is gonna meet me in Crystal city.” she added, making Dean tense.
“I want out, Sam. I’m done. We’ll get Cas and me some new identities and we’ll go legit. Taxes, mortgage, the works. I need you to promise me, you’ll stop hunting. I can’t settle into a new life, a real life if you’re still out there. I’m gonna ask Mom for the same thing.” he said, his expression serious.
Jack lay on his tummy with his stuffed bee under one arm and was mostly asleep, his eyelids fluttering as his breathing became deeper and slower. Cas was gently running a hand up and down his son's back in a way that had soothed Jack from a tiny baby.
Dean looked over at Cas, his eyes soft. “Eh, he’s too good for me.” he said with a good natured shrug.
“Thank you. I just want you to be my brother again. I want you and Jess to have those moose babies you talked about. Maybe I'll find a mate, raise some babies of my own. I want to live without the shadow of that place hanging over me. Y'know? Like Cas said, I'm a survivor, not a victim.” said Dean, with a small smile.
“Hmmm. You smell good.” he mumbled as Cas wrapped one arm around Deans shoulders, the other hand was gently carding through his hair.
Dean let out the breath he’d been holding and grinned. “Thank you. Seriously, Sam. This is the right thing to do. We know now there ain’t no quick fix for this shit. Every time we’ve tried to finish it once and for all, it’s blown up in our faces. It’s a marathon, not a sprint.” Dean said, feeling lighter than he had in a long time.
Dean felt a strange warm feeling in his chest as he looked at the sleepy Alpha. He had to admit, even if it was just to himself, the Alpha looked adorable when he was fighting sleep.
Cas and Dean had also used this time to get to know each other. They took long drives, stopping for lunch and sharing kisses and light touches. So far, they had not progressed further in their physical exploration of each other, both unwilling to jump in too fast. They both had recoveries to make before the next step could take place. They talked about the coming war and Bobby's plan for a settlement. They talked about their respective childhoods and any regrets they had.
Smiling, he returned to his book, reading only to himself now. He was absorbed in a chapter on crop rotation when he heard heavy footsteps in the doorway. He looked up to see Sam hunched over slightly under the weight of Garth, who for some reason was draped over Sam's shoulder, completely unconscious .
“Yeah, you’ll probably crash hard later. We’ll take it easy on the sweet stuff for a little while, okay?” Sam said gently.
“Yup.” said Dean. “You should find a few under that rock, Sam’ll give you a little box to put them in.” he said, cracking open a soda and sitting back next to Cas. “Want me to set you up a rod, Cas?” he asked.
Jack frowned. “Oh. I’m sorry, Sam. I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable. I do have some questions, though. Jody said she would answer any questions I had about sex, but I couldn’t think of any then. Can I ask one of you instead?” he looked hopeful.
Cas smiled at the chorus of greetings he received as everyone settled around the table, they all seemed excited about something, although Dean seemed a little subdued, he looked at Cas shyly as he took a seat opposite.
Dean grinned. “Thanks, buddy. You saved Sam a trip, he was just gonna go and grab some stuff.” he said, standing up with a groan.
Sam was getting desperate, Dean was relying on him to save him. With not even the first clue where to start, Sam wondered how he was going to achieve that.
Charlie looked sympathetic and pressed herself against Deans side until he threw an arm around her shoulder and hugged her to him. “Yeah, the timing sucks. He's gonna leave in a week or so and you'll be in heat for most of that and won't see him.” she said sadly
Dean looked up as if praying for patience, sighing deeply before looking at the angel with a questioning look on his face.
Cas looked at him, his expression was soft. “Thank you for trusting me, Dean. That must have been hard to say, but I'm glad you did. I understand now. I'm sorry I didn't before. You're very brave.”
“I'll kick both your asses if you don't shut up and both at least pretend you are civilised, I know I didn't raise you boys to be so rude in someone else's home.” said John putting his beer back on the table and fixing both brothers with a look.
Cas looked sheepish. “We had to leave when I accidentally broke a bowling ball. Claire thought it was hilarious, but Jody said it could happen to anyone. Although, I'm not sure that's true.”
“Fine. Although I apparently scare off any potential suitors with my 'creepy vibe' so I am no longer allowed to accompany her to bars.” Cas grumbled, placing the other bag on the table. “I noticed you were running low on some things, so I stopped in town on my way back. I hope that was okay.” he said, digging through the bag and holding up a tube of toothpaste and a stick of deodorant, both of which were their usual brands
The camp was set up efficiently, the tiny fire was banked low, giving off heat but very little light as the sun began to sink below the horizon. The entire group were gathered, wrapped in blankets and propped against various boulders around the fire-pit in what had been a tiny inlet before the river had been diverted and dried up hundreds of years ago. They listened as Cas told his story, only the occasional sharp intake of breath disturbed the quiet as he described the original mission with his clan brothers, the betrayal, the massacre and then faking his death in order to gather intelligence undetected, to bring down Lucifer's clan, he explained that although he hadn't gone into the compound with the intention of rescuing the Omegas, he had found he was willing to risk discovery in order to save them. His conscience simply wouldn't allow him to leave them. He added that it was unlikely his mission was now compromised, as anyone that had gotten close enough see him was now dead. He felt confident that no-one would know he had even been there. It would probably be reported that the Omegas had escaped on their own.
Starting awake, Dean looked terrified for a second and Cas rushed to sooth him. “It's me, Cas. You're having a nightmare. You're safe, I promise.” said Cas, as his watery eyes finally spilled over and he continued running his hand through Deans hair.
Cas watched the brothers banter with a bemused look on his face. “So, you don't like camping, Dean?” he asked.
Cas reached for his shirt and pulled it on, doing up the buttons slowly. He looked up to see Dean standing next to him holding a thick, canvas jacket and a scarf.
and wanting me to 'talk it out'. Keeps fuckin' tiptoeing around me like I'm a fuckin' unexploded bomb or somethin'.” Dean grumbled.
He felt a little better than he had earlier. He still felt a little light headed, but his stomach no longer felt like it was trying to eat itself. He sat up fully, scratching at his stomach absently as he stretched his back with a satisfying 'pop'. He flexed his neck and yawned.
Dean shrugged. “Do we? Seems like every time we put down one apocalypse, the next one pops up. I’m tired Sam. Why’s it always gotta be us that fixes it, huh? I just need a minute to breath, dammit.” he gritted out bitterly.
“I got lonely sometimes. I never sought them out, they came to me. Sometimes I said no, but others, well, sometimes it was nice to be close to someone for a while.” Cas said sadly.
“It is my fault! What if you'd burst your stitches, Cas? Holy shit, you could have killed yourself! I'm so sorry.” Dean panicked.
we mate, we'll be able to sense each others moods and needs. So it's just while we're courting. I'll do whatever makes you happiest.” he said squeezing Dean's hand gently.
“What happened?” said Sam, a half smile on his face and beer halfway to his lips. Dean looked up from cutting his chicken in decidedly smaller pieces than before “Yeah Dad, I wanna hear this” he said eagerly.
Dean adjusted his grip and began moving his hands up and down the shaft. Cas smiled encouragingly. “Yes, like that.” he whispered.
Sam's eyes were glossy. “He's always taken care of me. I just want to do the same for him. He has to let us, Cas. He just has to, I don't know what to do otherwise.” he said, his tone was pleading.
Cas shook his head. “Thank you, but I did, in fact, offer, you didn't ask. It doesn't affect my 'mojo' in the slightest. If you are concerned for me, then you needn't worry. Do you trust me?” he asked, gently.
Dean was almost helpless with laughter and Jack joined in, although it was obvious he was laughing more at Dean’s reaction than the situation.
I'm on twitter (@zoeleeclark) you can give me a follow if you want. I don't tweet much, but I like chatting with new friends.
Baby Matthew eventually fell asleep after Sam had given him the little rag-doll that Bobby had packed. He had clasped it tightly and babbled away to it eventually falling asleep with it tucked under his arm. Dean secretly thought it was adorable.
Dean sat on the porch watching Garth move the last few of his belongings into his new home. The cabin had been completed the day before, and the skinny Alpha had wasted no time setting everything up, taking a surprising number of items out of a car that Dean had originally dismissed as scrap until he had seen Garth actually drive it.
“When they realised who I was, they told me to fuck off, but not before they laughed as they told me she died during winter.” a horrible sound burst out as Charlie completely fell apart. Her knees gave out and Dean rushed to support her, pulling her into a hug. He sat in the chair, with Charlie on his lap, her face in his chest as she cried. He rocked her gently, stroking her hair and making soothing noises.
Dean wasn't aware that angels could blush, and he'd never seen Cas looking so flustered. It made him feel a little better about his own awkwardness. He decided to try to put Cas a little more at ease.
“Fine.” said Cas grumpily to the ceiling, as he sprawled on his back in the middle of the bed. “But Sam can babysit this weekend and I get to unwrap my gift then.” he said with a sulky pout.
Cas moved to the counter and began to shave the parmesan into a small dish that Sam had set out. Sam lifted the lid of the pot and began coating the meatballs in the sauce again.
Ellen laughed “Well now, what's got you blushin' this time? Would it be a certain young fella who ran outta your room yesterday with the same blush and hasn't stopped smilin' since?” she teased.
Sam cringed. “Whoops. Sorry Cas.” he murmured as his own cheeks went pink. He almost ran to the office to book the rooms.
Cas finished eating and stood, brushing crumbs off his clothes. “I'd better get washed up, I'll be back soon.” He took the soap from Charlie, who held it out for him as he passed and strode off up the small hill towards the river. The entire group watched him go. Dean turned back to look at the three girls to see that they weren't even trying to hide the fact they were ogling the Alphas ass.
Dean sighed. He knew the lack of sleep was making him feel unglued and his emotions were right on the surface, not exactly new behaviour. He'd never burst into tears in an argument with Cas or anyone before though, that was a first. Maybe it was time to let go of the bullshit.
“When I lost you, it destroyed me. I couldn’t breathe. I wrapped your body, gettin’ it ready for a hunters funeral. I wouldn’t let Sammy help me. I wanted to do it myself. I kept looking at you, wishing you’d wake up.” he took a shaky breath. “I fuckin’ prayed to Chuck. I begged him to give you back, because I need you, I need you in my life. If I lose you again, I don’t know how I’m ever gonna come back from it.” Tears were streaming down his face as he made his quiet confession.
“It's called a Winnebago, and it's a squeeze but it has it's surprises.” said Gabe, who seemed to appear from nowhere and miraculously unencumbered by children. He had a smile on his face, but he looked nervous.
“It's okay. Sam and I used to get mistaken for a couple all the time.” Dean chuckled. “Just a matter of time before it happened to us.” he joked, trying break the sudden tension in the room.
“Dean was right, you don't make a sound when you sleep, it's really weird. I have to keep checking that you're still breathing.” said Jess from where she was sitting a few feet away, making Cas jump.
Cas' eyes widened in surprise and he looked intrigued. “Really?” he asked, a little hope bleeding into his tone.
“Okay, breathe. Just breathe, Cassie. It's just a teeny-weeny panic attack. You've had worse. That's it. Please don't vomit on me. Just breathe.” he crooned soothingly as Cas panted and retched harshly.
Dean, noticing that Charlie was practically vibrating in her seat, smiled at her reassuringly and decided to put her out of her misery.
“Shit! Cas we need to get that gate open!” shouted Dean, wrestling the wheel as he skidded to a stop just in front of the gate. He threw open the door of the truck as Cas did the same on his side and they both heaved at the bolts holding the gate closed, pushing it open they ducked when the guards the other side of the gate lifted their rifles and started firing. They fled back to the truck and Dean opened the drivers side door, ducking down behind it, while Cas simply threw himself through the open window.
I'm sorry that it's been a month, my laptop decided that it fancied a new career as a paperweight. It didn't even die a heroes death, it just keeled over as I edited another fic that I'm writing.
“Well done guys, that was a good race.” the lifeguard said, with a laugh. “I gotta close up soon though. Grab yourselves a couple of towels from the rack over there and I’ll see you out in a minute.”
Dean had been so eager to get some sleep, he had simply undone and stepped out of his jeans on the way to his bed, kicking them off with a stumble before falling onto the mattress face first.
Ellen approached with a handful of sticks the length of Deans forearm and several strips that looked to have ripped from the bottom of her long skirt. A skirt that was now significantly shorter.
When Sam slept that night, it was undisturbed by nightmares of fire and blood. Instead he dreamed of a beautiful blonde Alpha.
“Sammy!” Dean called through the door to Sam's room. “Hey bud, I made you some breakfast and some tea. It's sitting on the table waiting for you.” He paused waiting for Sam's reply
Claire broke the hug, wiping the tear from Cas’ face and then wiping her own. “Yeah, Jack, I’m not mad, I just have to look out for Cas. The dork needs someone to.” she said, grinning over at Jack, who looked a little relieved, as did everyone else.
Cas grinned and kissed Dean, making his husband gasp as he groped his ass at the same time. Dean sighed and deepened the kiss before letting out an embarrassing squeak as Cas dipped him into an old fashioned movie kiss. His slippers flying off as he almost lost his balance, he relaxed as he realised that Cas was holding him securely and would never let him fall.
Cas nodded. “I'll help you sleep before I go.” he said quietly. Dean gave the angel a grateful look.
Cas shook his head and huffed a laugh. “Get into a lot more trouble than you already do, I imagine.” he said with a long suffering sigh. He moved over to stand next to the bed. “Are you sufficiently warm, or do you need a blanket?” he asked, frowning at the way Dean was sprawled on top of the covers.
Several hours later found both boys completely absorbed by their chosen tasks. Sam had indeed found the box of papers intriguing. Some of the yellowed and fragile files were hundreds of years old and dated from before the collapse. Almost going back to the beginning of the A/B/O virus itself. Some of the files were mundane and were possibly some kind of accounting records, but others were files of reports on the virus itself, including newspaper clippings and even medical journal articles. For Sam, this was nirvana. Most of the stories of before the collapse had been handed down through the successive generations and sounded frankly, implausible. Having pre-collapse first hand reports was like manna from heaven. Sam couldn't wait to share his findings with Bobby, who would be just as excited as he was. Even Dean and his father would be interested enough to actually pay attention for once.
“I can imagine. Gabriel and his mate, Kali have taken us in. But it's not ideal, as you can probably see for yourself.” she said indicating the massive vehicle that housed all of them, somehow.
They were all subject to visits from Alistair, who personally oversaw the compound and the well being of the Omegas. Dean and Jo took the brunt of his “education” of how a proper Omega should behave. No matter how much they pretended to go along with his rules, Alistair somehow sensed their defiance and acted accordingly.
The room was silent, aware that although Cas had been addressing the whole room, the words were meant solely for Dean.
Dean blushed slightly at Cas' grumpy face and the Alphas expression immediately softened. “I'm sorry, I didn't...” Dean stuttered out, looking mortified as Cas leaned forward and took his hand, gently squeezing it and looking a little more awake than before.
“I realised that one of Bobby's contacts is in my old clan. So I radioed them. I wanted to know how my mom was, she was really sick when they threw me out and I hoped that maybe she was well enough to come here, I could look after her, y'know?” she took a shuddered breath and sobbed harder.
“I'm just glad you felt able to come to me. You don't always take affection well. I worry sometimes that I'm coming on too strong or that I've upset you.” said Cas quietly.
Sam nodded. “Yeah, up until we found the bunker, he was the go to for obscure references and knowledge.” he agreed. “I was thinking that maybe I could do that. Be like Bobby, I mean. The bunker is there, the knowledge is just sitting there collecting dust. I could put it to use, retire from active hunting and just be a consultant.” he said with a shrug.
Also, please don't copy this story or post it elsewhere. I know I don't own the characters, but the story and the world it's set in, is all mine.
“I got put on latrine duty, I was digging a pit a little outside camp when I heard shouting” began Alfie.
Cas watched him walk to the house before double checking the ties holding down the all weather covering on the back of the truck. He knew he was stalling and putting off saying goodbye to Dean, he suspected that the reason Dean hadn't come outside was because he was doing the same thing in trying to delay the inevitable. Cas had said his goodbyes to everyone else the night before, he would be leaving early before everyone else was up. Eventually, Cas accepted that he could stall no longer, and set off for the house with determined steps.
Sam grimaced. “Ew, too much information, Dean.” he griped, pissed off that Dean had beaten him to it again.
Deciding that food and drink were in order, Sam quickly made the bed and opened the drapes, propping the window open to air out the room, before making his way down to the kitchen.
Cas looked thoughtful. “But I thought you were not attracted to me before? I thought it was only once you saw me in those clothes?” he asked, his expression a mixture of nervous and confused.
For the first time, Cas looked angry as well, he sat up straighter in his chair and glared at Dean who faltered a little under the scrutiny. “Because, my clan is not just the Alphas, Dean! I stayed this long to protect the Betas and Omegas as much as I could. I thought I could change it from the inside. I see now that I was wrong, the Alphas will never change because the current situation benefits them too much. I am not blind to the problems in my clan, Dean. But Lucifer is far, far worse. He is trying to get his hooks into my clan, if he manages a coup... my god. Between his clan and mine? The numbers alone, every other clan on this continent is at risk. If you think the raids are bad now, just wait until he gets organised.” he said coldly.
“Hey, Cas.” he said, returning the smile. “Come sit with me, we should probably talk.” he said patting the edge of the bed.
Dean nodded. “Oh, yeah. Apparently it was very educational. He learned all about the male multiple orgasm.” Dean confided.
Charlie ran into his arms and the Alpha squeezed her tight, murmuring something into her ear that Dean couldn't catch. Bobby looked at Dean who nodded.
Dean’s breath hitched. “You like marking your territory, you kinky bastard.” he laughed. “Possessive too, I guess.”
Cas smiled. “I guess we’d better decide what we’re having here first, I see the waiter is making his way over towards us.” he said indicating the keen young man who was heading their way.
He took a seat and rubbed his beard thoughtfully. “Say, a long time ago, folks used to have a celebration when couples paired off for life. You think when Dean gets back, you wanna do something like that? Might help bring him round a bit quicker?”
“So, you see why my mission is so important. If I have to work with my clan, even though it's repugnant to you, to save anyone from going through what you went through, I'll gladly do it, for the greater good. Lucifer may be my half brother, but I am not like him. Nor have I even met him. Don't forget, he killed my parents too.” he finished quietly, still staring at Dean.
This chapter is the last of the fluff we'll see for a while. So enjoy it while it lasts. Next chapter is where I start punishing you.
“Maybe next time, lets remind Cas that when he takes his knife out of a dead guys eye, to maybe flick the eyeball out of the truck?” she said, cringing.
He thought about what he was going to say, whether he and Cas would kiss again. He was working himself up to a panic attack when the door opened and Cas finally walked in.
“Right now, we're sleeping on a dry riverbed with rocks for company and there aren't enough blankets for everyone. So, yeah. The panic room sounds good. Thanks Bobby.” said Dean, sounding tired but happy.
Cas had made great strides in his recovery. Jess had encouraged gentle exercise, and Cas had begun with some light training. Dean had very nearly choked when he walked out onto the porch to see the rest of the Omegas watching Cas do a series of yoga poses in nothing but a pair of linen pants. Sam had expressed an interest and so had Charlie and Jo. The next day saw all of them on Bobby's lawn doing a series of stretches that made Dean's eyes water just to look at them.
Sam stood back wiping his eyes as Dean did the same. “Okay, I'll stop trying to make you talk about it. I guess you'll talk about it when you're ready.” said Sam quietly.
Dean ran ahead and stopped in front of the truck they had stolen from Alistair's compound. It looked cleaner and in better condition than it had been. Dean turned to face Cas and held up a key on a ring.
Cas nodded. “You still have enough of a connection to sense it, Jack. I’ll show you how.” he promised.
Charlie stepped up and hugged him from behind, resting her chin on the top of his head, Cas took her hand and squeezed it gently. “Maybe you could come back here, I'm sure Bobby will help you find your brother through his network. Right, Bobby?” she said looking at Bobby pleadingly.
Dean slumped and sat down suddenly, tears in his eyes. Sam looked at Cas who looked mortified at making his friend cry.
“Where are we?” said Cas, his voice a little smoother than before. His eyes still blinked sleepily and his movements were sluggish.
“I like kissing you.” Cas said, wrapping his arms around Deans waist and resting his hands on the small of his back.
Sam’s mouth dropped open in surprise and Cas looked proud. Jack beamed in delight at the thought of ice-cream.
As for the attraction, well, it was probably just one of those things. No big deal. So he was crushing on Cas a little bit, so what? He was a good looking guy and they'd been through a lot together. No need to complicate things further by freaking out.
“You have credit cards, put them to use. Do you have any more excuses I can refute? Or will you just drop the crap for once?” Cas rumbled out, rolling his eyes and sighing heavily. He looked done with it all.
Cas produced a tissue and began wiping his sons face. “What's the matter, little one? Do you have questions?” he asked, gently dabbing at the snot and tears.
Cas sighed. “Um, I guess I won't be on the front lines. But they'll need me, I'm the only one who has seen Lucifers clan in person. It really depends on Michael, if I'm honest. But he'll see that I'm not really fit for battle, he might be an asshole, but he's not stupid.” he said, raising his arm so Jess could look at the wound.
Sam looked pissed off. “What did you do? Please tell me you didn't spout off some homophobic crap and throw him out?” he said angrily.
“It'd better be a damn good explanation, I trusted you, and you almost got us killed, or worse. The only reason I didn't shoot you as well as that fat fucker of an Alpha, is that I want to know exactly what that slimy prick Sorento was talkin' about.” she said angrily.
“ 'One thing led to another'. Yes boy, I know how it works. Congratulations, ya idjits. I suppose I'd better add a nursery to my list of projects. As if I ain't got enough to do around here.” said Bobby, his mock scowl in place as his eyes twinkled in mirth.
Dean hammered the last dove-tail joint into place and stepped back to admire his handiwork. For the past few days since Cas left, he'd mostly sulked and done very little work. After Charlie's meltdown, he'd pulled his head out of his ass. He still wasn't allowed to do much heavy lifting, so he threw himself into making the furniture for the dorm. He'd just finished making the bench for the kitchen. It wasn't a masterpiece, but it was sturdy and functional.
“Kitty saw me looking at you and she thought we were hiding who we were and was trying to tell me if we wanted to keep it on the down-low, that I should maybe not look at you like that in public.” he said, his cheeks burning. This was not how he expected this day to go when he woke up this morning.
Cas was laying on his side hugging one of the pillows to his chest. He blinked sleepily and frowned, looking cautious as Dean knelt down next to the bed.
Cas nodded. “Yes, It took a little practice, and it helps if the other person is relaxed. My last partner achieved orgasm three times before I did.” Cas said with a hint of pride in his voice.
Cas breathed deep and smiled “Oh. I can smell jasmine. Bobby's idea worked.” he visibly relaxed and his arm slid from around Deans neck. He looked relieved as he finally managed to let go of Deans shirt. He sat back and met Deans eyes again. “I'm sorry for .. overreacting, I suppose. If I frightened you, I apologise.” he looked worried.
Dean looked down and saw a clear outline of Cas’s own situation. Cas was no slouch in the size department, not porn star size, but still nothing to be shy about. He gulped.
Jack looked thoughtful. “I do, but I think I ate too much.” he said, looking a little green all of a sudden. His eyes bulged with panic and he panted heavily, pressing his hands to his stomach.
He closed his eyes and tilted his head back, feeling the late autumn sun on his face and took a deep breath of fresh mountain air. Enjoying the peace and relative quiet.
Dean was beginning to feel restless himself, like his skin was a size too small. “Everyone is feeling tetchy right now. Benny and Cas are gonna move in with Garth for a while, at least until our heats are over. It's bullshit.” he said bitterly.
Charlie sat and listened to the conversation between the Winchesters and Bobby, they bantered and insulted each other, but the love they had for each other was unmistakeable, she felt a tiny pang of jealousy and loss at not having that strong bond with anyone. She curled up on the bench seat of the truck and nervously chewed her nails as she waited for Dean to ask Bobby the question that had her so on edge.
“No problem, Sammy. I'll drag out the bath and put it in here after we've eaten. It won't take long to heat some water on the stove. I'll do that, while you go grab the laundry. I'd better do some of that before Dad gets back. That'll take us up to lunch, then we'll go do the other stuff we talked about, okay?” said Dean with a smile. Sam nodded and returned Dean's smile gratefully.
“Holy fuck!” exclaimed Dean, reaching towards Cas' knees. Cas jumped as Dean reached down between his knees to something on the floor of the cabin. “It's my radio! The bastard ripped it out of my car when I was taken. He put it in his truck!” Dean was so excited he took his eyes off the road and the truck began to drift to the right, its wheels edging the lip of a dry culvert.
Jess looked up and smiled reassuringly. “Yes, he hasn't split his stitches, he'll be fine. He just overdid it a little. Once we get him back in bed and medicated, he'll be more comfortable.” she said gently. “Can you just support him while I re wrap this?” she asked Dean, who nodded and scooted closer. Jess arranged them so Cas was kneeling with his forehead on Deans shoulder and one arm around Deans neck, the other was hanging loosely at his side as Jess wound the bandages around his chest and over his shoulder. “Some Alphas are really susceptible to Omega distress, it sends their instincts loopy. Just stay close and he'll stay calm. I really need him calm right now.” said Jess quietly.
She gave him an incredulous look. “Sure you are, poppet. I'm sure Cas would love to see you wearing your dinner and smelling like eau du rabbit stew.” she said snarkily. “Could you try not to spray food everywhere? I thought Bobby told you not to eat in here any more?”
“I'll make this as brief as possible, goin' over this ain't exactly comfortable for me.” he continued, his big frame sagging.
A commotion at the front door had them all swivelling in their chairs to take a look as Jess, Bobby Sam and Dean came in, talking over one another as they took off their boots and coats. The dog barely stirred, lifting his tail in a half-hearted wag as a greeting before resuming his nap.
It was difficult, but between them they managed to get Sam cleaned up and into a fresh set of clothes. They were the wrong sizes, but better than what he had been wearing. Bobby had built up the fire and they were all huddled in the open door of the trailer, wrapped in blankets. It was beginning to get dark, Sam was struggling to stay awake. Bobby patted him on the shoulder.
The sun was just coming up and the sky was a pale mauve colour, the canyon was still shrouded in darkness, the sun not yet high enough in the sky to breach the depths. Castiel looked up at the trail leading out of the canyon. It was barely a goat track and zig-zagged erratically up the wall of the canyon. The river here was fast moving, wide and shallow. There was not much in the way of trees or plants, but boulders littered the floor of the canyon.
Dean huffed a laugh. “Yeah, some people like to rough it, bare minimum everything. But some people take everything but the kitchen sink. It depends on what level of comfort you're willing to accept, I suppose.”
Michael leaned forward and focused his gaze. “Castiel, you have a mind for tactics and strategy, you have made our clan successful enough to trade for many Omegas these past few years.” Castiel baulked in horror at that, he had just been trying to feed his people, not bankroll slavery. The thought made him die inside.
Dean’s hands scrabbled on the bed, gripping the sheets as Cas’ cock slid over his prostate, then again and again, sending sparks up his spine. “Whoa!” he squeaked.
Jack squirmed impatiently as Daddy helped him into his robe and made sure his slippers were on the right feet, for once they were and Jack bolted for the door as soon as they were on and the Velcro was fastened.
I thought I'd post a day early as there isn't an episode this week. I have a feeling you might like this one....
For the first time Balthazar looked truly nervous. “I'm afraid so, my friend. This is the part that's really going to sting. I'm sorry, but I haven't been honest with you about something and it's come around to bite me in the arse in a rather spectacular fashion.” he said putting a little more distance between himself and the Alpha that he suddenly realised only appeared calm.
“Uh oh. I think I’m in trouble. I forgot he can hear everything we say.” Dean said looking regretful.
The Omegas had learned that the compound in which they were being kept was merely a stopping place until they neared their heats. When the first sweet notes of their spring heats entered their scents, they would be taken and traded to the highest bidder. Dean would be especially valuable as he was a male Omega, extremely rare and even rarer, untouched by an Alpha.
“Cas, it's not you. I .. uh.” he paused, taking another shaky breath. “When we were in the compound, Alistair would beat on us for practically any reason. It was bad, some days it was hard to get out of bed because it hurt so much.” he gripped the Alphas hands tight as Cas flexed his jaw, trying to control his own anger, so as not to distress Dean further.
“Quit starin'. It's like you've never seen a pair of legs before, boy. Where'd you think we were gonna get bandages from out here?” she snapped.
“Can you imagine if Mary or Karen were here? They'd kick all our asses. No doubt about that.” remarked John to Bobby with a chuckle.
Balthazar sighed. “Lets get out of this disgusting weather and get a drink, you'll need it.” he said, slapping Cas on the shoulder and heading into the cave.
Cas shrugged. “Some of them were one night stands, some of them were loose arrangements. We’d meet for sex, then part ways the next day. Not a relationship, as such.”
the Winchester boys like they were his own. After losing his mate, he had never even contemplated taking another mate, so had lost hope for children. The boys helped fill that gap. It wasn't unusual, most Alphas who took a true mate would remain alone if the Omega died, if they survived the bond break, that is.
“Yep. We are definitely doing that again.” he said eagerly. “Might have to soundproof my room though, I think I got pretty loud there for a minute.” he said, going red again.
“Let's take a little break, shall we?” said Jess, breaking the kiss and winking slyly at Sam, who grinned back.
Sam smiled softly. “Well, you did say you needed a break, Dean. Summer is in full swing, no better time to go, if you want?” he offered.
get me hot, you idiot.” he laughed. “Now, I want my present.” he demanded, kissing Dean deeply and tugging at his clothes impatiently as Dean responded with enthusiasm
Dean lifted his head as he watched the angel carefully fold the jeans and place them over the back of the chair next to the bed.
Dean shrugged. “I dunno, it was nice, being mistaken for a normal family. For a minute there it felt like it was possible for us to have this, for it to be real. And I- I liked it.” he admitted.
He left the kitchen to a chorus of goodbyes and Jess stood up next. “I've got a lot to do too. I'll see everyone later.” she leaned down and kissed Sam and petted his hair affectionately, before waving and leaving.
Bobby chuckled and stood, looking down at the younger Alpha. “There's no rush, son. We should probably get some food in you anyway. That stew smells pretty good, I'll rustle up a couple of bowlfuls for us before the rest of the heathens come chargin' in. Sound good?” he said with a questioning look on his face.
Dean huffed a laugh. “You sure he won’t get cramp? Maybe we should have picked up some floaties for the kid.” he joked.
“I think I want this, us. But, I need time.” he said quietly. “I’m tryin’ to get my head around it. That we can have this.”
“I think he needs some time. Give it a little while.” said Ellen, getting up to check on her patients again as Cas began stirring.
Finally cried out, Dean sat up, pulling away from Castiel and looking embarrassed. “Uh..sorry, man. I dunno what happened there. I'm not usually...y'know...uh...” fumbled Dean, wiping his eyes.
Bobby almost dropped his shotgun as he ran the two steps forward to embrace Dean as he barrelled into him. Dean gripped him in a one armed hug and let out a quiet whine as he buried his face in Bobby's shoulder, his body shaking with sobs.
The main building was mostly dark, the Omegas dorm was on the corner of the building that formed the L shape. One end being the guard quarters and the other the kitchen and Alistair's quarters, Dean described the layout in as much detail as he could as they made their hasty plans.
Dean arched an eyebrow as he caught the lusty look on his husbands face. “Oh, all this talk of being a Dad again gets you hot, huh? Someone has a breeding kink. I'm game if you are. You're gonna have to unwrap me to get your gift though, Santa.” he teased.
We need to get goin'. We're only a couple of miles away from those dicks and I'd feel a hell of a lot safer bein' anywhere but here.” said Dean, gruffly.
Garth kept them entertained throughout dinner, giggling madly and swaying in his chair after downing one of Bobby's beers in one go. For a distillery merchant, Garth was a notorious lightweight. Sam had to carry him to bed after he had fallen asleep at the table, Bobby shaking his head and laughing with Jess the whole time.
“Is it? Why? I like seeing it, for some reason. I don’t really understand why.” Cas said, looking confused.
“Actually, yeah, Dean. Pretty much everybody knows. The only person who didn't was you.” Sam said, pissed off that his brother was drinking again.
The bill stacked up as the pile of equipment at the counter kept growing. Dean seemed unfazed, even though Cas was worried that Dean would object to the cost when the time came.
He strolled back over to the curtain. “Cas? I'm gonna push the boots under so you can try 'em on. Lemme know what you think.” he whispered, doing just that.
Sam let out a noise that was half sob, half laugh and sat back on his heels, his hands on Dean's shoulders “Don't you ever do that to me again, you jerk!” he growled, shaking Dean a little.
Seeing it was clear, he motioned for the Omegas to follow and crept back the way they came. The tension filled air reeked of scared Omega and Cas had never felt more uncomfortable in his life, his Alpha instincts were going into overdrive and he could feel the anxiety like an itch under his skin.
The low chuckles from the Alphas were interrupted by Bobby strolling in with a grumpy look on his face. “Those boys are gonna be the death of me. Nearly killed 'emselves by stealin' my booze and it's apparently everyone else's fault. They're still whinin' and bitchin' down there. Dean mostly, I came up here before I put my foot in his ass.” Bobby grumbled.
“No kidding. You’ve been hopped up on sugar all day, kiddo. Pancakes this morning, hot chocolate and candy in the car and now three bowls of ice-cream. I guess we found your limit.” said Dean with a sympathetic grimace.
Castiel grimaced, but nodded. He was pale and sweaty as well as shaking. The pain had crept up on him and he gritted his teeth as it lanced up his side and into his shoulder. He took the cup Bobby offered gratefully and swallowed down the contents. “Thank you, Bobby. I'll be fine to continue in a moment. If you'll just give me a few minutes for the medicine to work.” he said grimacing slightly.
“Uh, sorry man. I kinda need to sweep where you're standin'. Gotta get all the sawdust, it's kind of a fire hazard, y'know?” he said, nervously.
As much as Castiel admired the design, it was obvious that the whole settlement ran on slaves. Omegas in fine white leather collars were everywhere, trailing Alphas who strutted around like kings. Kneeling with their heads bowed when their Alpha stopped to chat with a fellow Alpha.
Garth's face split into a big goofy grin and said “If you can design this, why ain't y'all livin' in a better house?”
The radio in the truck had barely been able to send and receive when he spoke to Dean the night before, Bobby had warned them that the mountains might interfere with the signal and he had been right, now all Cas could pick up was static. He hoped Dean wasn't too upset. He didn't like his chances of sneaking away from the clan to make a call anytime soon. He had no intentions of revealing the existence of the radio or even the truck if he could help it. That would reveal the existence of Dean, and Cas would never risk that. When the war was over, he planned to vanish in the night, giving no explanation just like Gabriel had years before.
Cas nodded and pulled his map out from his pack. “Show me where it is on this map, and I'll guide us there.” he said sagely. Jo pushed her arm through the window and pointed “It's there, it's a trading point, not much to speak of, just the Roadhouse and the market really.” she said with a shrug.
Benny said nothing about their conversation. He knew from his own experience that Castiel was probably trying to find the right words in order to tell his story, whatever that was.
Ellen smiled, and gestured to a chair. “Well now, food I can do. You'll have to ask Jess about the bath. Take a seat and I'll give you something to eat and Garth will go fetch Jess so you can ask her yourself.” she said, looking over at Garth, who nodded and picked up Matthew.
Dean knew it would be pointless lying. This close, Cas would be able to scent the lie before he voiced it. So he went with honesty.
“Hey guys? Did you know Jack was wandering up the road on his own? I got him to jump in with me and he’s upset and won’t tell me why, did something happen?” Sam said, looking stern.
He read aloud, his deep voice taking on a soft cadence. The only other sounds were the occasional loud laugh from the kitchen or a log spitting and popping on the fire.
overwhelming, but at least he was loved, at least Cas was here for him. Cas had had that experience with a stranger, then left to deal with it alone. He turned to face Cas, looking ashamed.
“I was not paying attention and picked up the wrong ball. My fingers got stuck and when I tried to pull them out...well, it exploded.” Cas said with a grimace.
Jack shook his head. “No, I came by myself. I wanted to ask you if there was anything I can do to help. I'm grateful that you invited me and I want to make myself useful.” he said, his eyes bright with excitement.
“You're about the same size as me, maybe a bit shorter in the leg. Okay, I can work from there.” said Dean, dropping the trench coat and turning to the rails.
Dean lowered himself to sit on the bank and drew his knees up. “Well, I’d suggest eye-spy, but...” he gestured around to the surrounding fields of corn as far as the eye could see.
Closing the bag, Dean left the room. As he passed Sam's door he heard a muffled groan and automatically stopped, intending to check on his brother as he always had when Sam went into heat. He reached for the door handle and paused as he heard another moan, this one slightly higher pitched. He pulled his hand back from the door handle as if he had been burned as he realised what he was accidentally overhearing. He fled down the stairs with his face on fire,almost running through the screen door in his haste to get away. In all their years of close quarters, he and Sam had managed to avoid seeing each others... shenanigans. Dean was not willing to break that streak.
Jess had saved this part for last in order to not disturb his wounds until the last possible moment.
Now he just had to figure out if this was one of Alistair's mind games or if someone was indeed trying to help.
“Jesus! Put a shirt on before you give us all heart attacks, you half naked heathen!” crowed Charlie, breaking Dean out of his trance. He belatedly realised he had been staring open mouthed at the approaching Alpha and flushed bright red, noting that Cas was now blushing fiercely too as he fumbled his shirt over his head. Dean met Jo's eyes and noticed that she too was a little flushed, and Amy was refusing to look at anyone. Dean was glad that they were in the open air otherwise the smell of Omega arousal would have been choke worthy. Charlie was chuckling to herself.
“Many of them begged our father to intervene, to guide humanity back from its wasteful and destructive ways, but he was adamant that you learn for yourselves.” Cas continued.
Jess spoke, her voice was gentle. “Dean, you are taking this too personally. It's not about you. If what Cas says is true, everyone is in danger. Saying anything before now was too risky.”
Dean nodded, his face sincere and Cas frowned and looked at Jess “So, you know what the surprise is?” he said questioningly and Jess grinned.
Sam turned the car slowly and headed back the way they came, they watched him disappear into the heat haze rising from the black top.
“Where to this time, Dad?” enquired Sam pulling on a jacket over his large frame before stashing his favourite knife in the lining.
Cas looked unsure. “I have no-one to teach me, and it doesn’t change the fact I have nothing to wear.”
Rolling to a crouch, Castiel inspected his meagre supplies. Food was scarce this time of year, but he was an accomplished survivalist. If one wasn't too squeamish and you were hungry enough, many things could be considered food. Although, Castiel really missed fresh baked bread right now.
Dean strolled into the kitchen, trying to get ahead of the crowd and get first pickings for dinner. Since the newcomers had arrived, mealtimes were a chaotic affair. Bobby promised to sort out a better way by the end of the week and work had started on a dorm with a laundry/bath house and kitchen next to the barn where the animals were kept.
Cas’s eyes went soft. “It is, if you want it. We can continue hunting, or retire, if you wish. We can have whatever we want, you just have to want it enough.” he said, his voice cracking.
“Come on, Ellen's making lunch. Although, you should probably take a bath first. Where you that desperate to hide from me that you camouflaged yourself as part of the forest?” Sam joked.
Cas leaned forward, cupping his jaw in his hand. “I know, Beloved. Lets get you cleaned up, so I can hold you. Are you in any pain?” he asked gently.
They separated and a blushing Cas made for the window first. He peered out then turned around and nodded. Jumping through he stood and signalled for the next person. Jo went first. Dean helped lift her, passing her to Cas who helped her down and waved her towards the truck, Amy came next and set off after Jo, then Charlie, who almost stumbled as Dean jumped out immediately behind her. Jo, Charlie and Amy clambered into the back of the truck and laid down in the flat bed. Trying to arrange themselves amongst the cans of spare fuel, they held on to each other and braced themselves.
Jo and Cas were laid out on the thick bedrolls and the fire had been built up to keep them warm. Jo seemed a little better, she could hold short conversations before it hurt too much and she had managed to keep down some water. Cas was slowly getting worse, when he was awake he was confused most of the time. He asked repeatedly for Gabriel and Hannah and became upset when they didn't appear. Several times he seemed to think he was back in the canyon and on one particularly harrowing occasion for everyone in camp, had obviously relived seeing the aftermath of the massacre.
Dean nodded. “Okay. I’m probably gonna need a few more pep talks before I get this. You up for talkin’ me down when I’m on a ledge about this stuff?” he asked, pulling his mother into another hug.
“Well then, looks like I'm the driver and you're shotgun. Now we just need the passengers” said Dean with finality.
“Wow, it must have pissed you angels off when humans started ruining the place.” Dean said, sounding apologetic.
“That's very true. Don't worry about what anyone else thinks, if this is what you need, then this is what we'll do.” said Cas, gently.
A look of realisation came over Cas’ face. “Oh, I see. Its a challenge designed to test ones spatial awareness and reflexes.” he said nodding his head. “That sounds acceptable.”
Cas looked sheepish. “Of course, you're right. I just assumed it was something I did.” he said, shrugging.
She applied it and Cas felt tension release that he didn't even realise he was holding as the itching died immediately. He groaned and Jess laughed and began winding the bandages around his shoulder and torso.
love with you. Or if I ever can be. That's why I don't want you to get your hopes up. I don't want to hurt you. You're my best friend. I can't imagine my life without you in it.” he confessed. “Just, please don't leave.” he begged, suddenly afraid that he would.
Spring had arrived seemingly overnight, the surrounding forest was teeming with life and the floodplain on the other side of the river was a riot of colour as wild flowers sprang up in the long grass. The warmth of the day was sharply contrasted by the as yet still cold nights, leading to some spectacular rainstorms.
Dean looked offended. “It was between the cheeks, Sam. It was traumatic for me.” he whined, pointing at Sam with his fork.
Dean finished his meat skewer and took a long drink from the water flask before turning to Cas with a confused look on his face.
“Alright, if everyone is quite finished, we need to get back on the road. Garth says he's prepped a feast, an' I'm lookin' forward to sleepin' in my own bed.” barked Bobby, making everyone scramble.
Look, a new chapter! It's a short one, but I will be posting another on Friday. You lucky, lucky people.
Amy was a quiet blonde, she was grieving the loss of her child. Although unmated, she had a son that had been left behind when she was taken, he was just over a year old.
Dean had nowhere to go, he froze as Alistair walked through the wide open doorway. A small perverse part of him wanted to laugh at Alistair's confused expression as he suddenly halted just inside the doorway.
Cas suddenly stepped forward and pulled the surprised Omega into a hug, wrapping his arms around him and squeezing tight. It took a second, but Dean began to hug him back, squeezing him just as fiercely.
The thudding sound of the cradle being swung into place over the well shaft made Dean wince. Now he knew that silence was paramount, every noise seemed amplified to his ears. The gentle ticking sound of the winch, was like usually like music, right now it sounded far too loud.
Cas let the truck down gently and frowned at the grease and dirt on his palm. “How long will it take?” he asked Sam.
Cas lifted himself up, wasting no time in tugging Deans shorts down and kissing his chest as he took Deans cock in hand, spreading precome down the shaft and pumping it just the way Dean liked it, with a strong grip and mostly at the head.
Cas handed Dean the travel mug and sat down beside him. “I have faith in you, Dean. I’m sure you’ll think of something.” he said, sipping his own coffee without flinching at its temperature.
Hearing voices in the hallway outside his bedroom, Jack quickly laid down and pulled the covers up under his chin, just in time for his door to open. He closed his eyes tight and let out a few snores to help convince his parents that he was a good boy so they wouldn't tell Santa he was still awake.
Once they were done, Sam and Cas went to fetch the food and Dean and Jack began collecting firewood. Within an hour, the fire was burning and Sam finally got his cup of coffee, he held it in his huge hands and smiled as he sniffed the aroma.
Dean looked thoughtful. “I guess I’m mostly wondering about your expectations. What you want from me in a relationship.” he said nervously.
Cas stepped forward and reached for Jack, who recoiled. “No! I want my Papa!” Jacks tantrum was in full sway now. He was a sunny child for the most part, and tantrums were rare, but when they happened they were spectacular.
“Yeah, I know. I always said there is no ‘out’ for us. But I’m comin’ apart at the seams, Mom. Michael knocked me down, and I’m havin’ a hard time getting back up. I need a break, might look into a way of makin’ it a permanent one. Settle down maybe.” he said, with a shrug.
“I guess I did need the reassurance. Thanks Cas.” he huffed a laugh. “Ugh. I told I was needy. It's really fuckin' embarrassing.” he whined.
Cas' expression went guarded immediately. “Why do I get the feeling I'm not going to like this conversation?” he said carefully.
Dean shook his head. “Not your fault. I checked the truck over before we left, the tyres were fine, I didn’t check the spare though and that’s on me. By the looks of it, you ran over a nail or something. Not something that the best drivers can avoid, man.” he reassured the angel. “Besides, we ain’t got a set time to meet Mom.”
“This feels amazing.” said Jess, as she looked up at Sam, her face full of wonder. “I know. I knew I loved you before, but..wow. This is just so much better than I imagined.” said Sam, his eyes glassy with emotion. “I can feel you, here and here” said Jess, tapping a finger to her temple and then her chest over her heart. “Me too, I'm so glad we didn't wait.” Sam smiled brightly, then he frowned slightly as a stray thought crossed his mind.
Dean followed behind, standing in the doorway as Jess and Sam put Cas to bed. Jess arched an eyebrow at Dean questioningly as Sam gave Cas a small dose of poppy syrup.
John stood there patiently in the fading light, knowing he had taught his sons better than to open the door before checking.
“I think it’s a very good idea, Sam. If my opinion counts, that is.” Cas said, taking Deans hand and squeezing it in a comforting gesture.
Pulling Jack around to face him. Dean smiled and caressed his sons cheek. “What Papa means is, that right now he is Santa. All Daddies and Papa's have to take turns at being Santa, and it's Papas turn right now. The Santa you saw at the mall was someone else's Papa when it was his turn.” he explained gently.
“Yeah, he does.” came a woman's voice from the other side of the rack Dean was currently holding onto for dear life. Cas and Dean looked over at an older woman who winked at Cas saucily. “If I was but forty years younger, Darlin. I'd give you my number and the keys to my daddies car. Both of y'all is pretty cute.” she cooed. Her white hair was cut in a fashionable crop and her make-up was tastefully done, she wore a similar camo outfit to Jake.
Castiel lay flat on his stomach under a large shrub, for several hours he had been watching this particular outpost, noting guard changes and patrol patterns. His muscles were cramping and his bladder was fit to burst, but he didn't move. He needed to identify what this outpost was used for, it was heavily guarded, which made it important to Lucifer's clan. If he could find a hole in their security, he'd be able to get a closer look at what warranted so many guards.
Cas dropped his head into his hands. Benny had brought several things to the surface that he hadn't wanted to think about. He had intended to leave the Omegas at Bobby's and head back to his clan immediately, hadn't intended on getting so involved. But now he was forced to stay and it felt like he had been lying the whole time to people he now considered friends. He knew the Omegas would take it hard. Especially Dean. They had formed a connection of sorts, they understood each other in ways other people didn't.
network were established and reduce the need for informants risking long journeys to get Bobby information that could very well be out of date by the time it was received. Dean planned to discuss it with Bobby and his father as soon as possible. They would be back any day now.
“You didn’t correct him when he assumed we were a couple.” Cas said quietly, looking down at his feet.
Dean nodded, something inside slotted into place. It would be almost cruel to exclude Cas from being there for him. Holding him at arms length while Dean worked on getting better would be akin to torture.
Cas smiled softly. “Merry Christmas, Dean.” he said, his voice deeper than usual and slightly husky.
Benny nodded enthusiastically. “Yeah, after eating camp fire specials for I don't know how long, a real home cooked meal is something to be savoured, huh?” he said, grinning widely.
He looked at the map on the wall again. Willing the pattern to reveal itself. He was missing something, it niggled at the back of his mind, but try as he might, it would not come forward. He needed more information. He needed sleep.
“Hey! Get over here, I'm doin' all the work. The least you can do is hold this shit while I find you stuff” Dean hissed.
Dean grinned. “What are you gonna do when I grow old? I’ll look like I bagged myself a boy-toy even though you’re ancient.” he joked.
Moving around a large tree, he heard a growl and turned around quickly, seeing a large Alpha holding an axe in each hand. Bobby aimed his shotgun at the Alphas torso but held off from firing.
Cas looked excited. “I have so many ideas I want to try. How do you feel about beehives? It wasn't something that would work in the mountains, it's too cold up there for bees. But here? It would be perfect. I can probably name fifty different ways having them would benefit the settlement. Also, I have an idea for an irrigation system that would double the output of your chosen crops, we'd only need half the space to grow the same amount. Oh, and just think what I could do with greenhouses here.” he said, almost squirming in his seat.
A mixture of fear and relief went over Deans features. “Well, alright. We got a plan. You two should pick it up pretty quick. You’ll be swimming like ducks in no time.” he said brightly although his heart was beating rapidly in his chest with nerves.
Sam approached wiping his hands on a rag. “I’ll be back asap. I’ll give you a heads up when I’m on my way back.” he said, taking the keys from Dean.
Cas adjusted them both until he lay between his husbands thighs, propped up on his elbows so he could look into Deans eyes. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas' neck and sighed happily. “Merry Christmas, Cas.” he whispered.
Tonight, Dean stayed awake on his own. The other Omegas had fallen asleep not long after sundown. He turned his face back to the window and brought his knees up to his chest wrapping his arms around his legs, he allowed himself to think about Sam. Had he escaped? Was he even alive? If so, was he trying to rescue him? These were not thoughts he allowed himself when around the others, it was too dangerous. Amy had taken a punch today for crying over her little boy. Dean had snapped and tried to intervene, but it had resulted in Amy getting an even more severe beating while Dean was held back and forced to watch.
Since they had been intimate at the lake, Cas had been careful around Dean, it was obvious he was trying not to crowd Dean or smother him. It was also obvious he wanted to be close. Dean gave him a soft smile through the wind shields as he realised that maybe Cas need reassurance that he hadn’t pushed Dean too far.
Jo spoke up, her voice uncharacteristically soft and leaned over to squeeze Amy's knee through the cotton pants they all wore. “I lived at with my parents at the Roadhouse my whole life. Now it's gone, my dad is gone, but I'm willing to bet my mom is still nearby. There is no way she would leave the survivors to struggle, I can guarantee that she is looking after Amy's little boy. She'll be prepared to raise him as if he were her own. He's safe, Amy, I promise you. You know how it is, kids are precious. No-one would hurt him. There was probably a fight over who would get to look after him. Look, I don't know where we will go after we find them, but I do know you'll be welcome to join us. My mom wouldn't have it otherwise.”
Taking a long drink from the flask of water he'd brought with him, he spotted Sam striding over towards him with a determined look on his face. Deans stomach knotted and the water he had just drunk threatened to come back up.
“SHHHH!” came the reply, “Be quiet, or we'll be discovered.” the voice was deep and gravelly, and very obviously not one of Alistair's men. His heart skipped a beat when he had the thought that maybe Bobby had sent someone to get him out.
Bursting through the door before stopping dead in the middle of the den, Jack stood wide eyed and open mouthed at the scene. Santa stood in the den holding a half eaten cookie and a half drunk glass of milk, the carrots for the reindeer were stuffed in his pockets and there were lots of presents under the tree. Jack thought there might be a million of them or even more, he wasn't sure. Jack could count to twenty at kindergarten, and this looked like more than that, so it was probably a million.
As they reached the pool, the lifeguard on duty was clearing away a whole bunch of pool toys, throwing all of the pool noodles into a giant net strung across the wall of a huge storage closet and locking the doors.
Cas attempted a blank expression. “I have no idea what you are talking about.” he denied, even as his stomach erupted in butterflies at the thought of Dean smiling because of him.
Dean picked the book up and flicked through until he found the diagram Sam was talking about. He studied it for a moment before laughing out loud.
Dean shrugged. “No problem, Cas. It's not like we're on a schedule or anything. As long as we're in Ohio by tomorrow afternoon, we're good.”
Bobby had never heard of the Novak clan, nor had Garth. Cas was not surprised, his clan had been very insular and isolated until fairly recently, and even now only traded with a few select clans.
“Uh, yeah. So, Cas and me are, uh.. together.” Dean said awkwardly. He’d forgotten that Cas was essentially wearing Claire’s father, it had to be weird for her.
“I need my pack, I can't leave without it, it contains the reason I was out here in the first place.” said Cas, his face morose. “Sure, man. I mean you did just break us out, so you gonna finally explain why you were even there?” said Dean, looking over at Cas, who was leaning forward scanning the desert. “Yes, once we get my pack, I can show you when we make camp tonight.” Cas promised, his voice grave.
Dusting off his clothes, he walked towards the truck before turning around and gesturing to Charlie to follow. She scrambled to her feet, almost tripping on her blanket in her haste and Cas darted forward to steady her. She mumbled out an embarrassed “Thanks dude” before hurrying after Dean.
Later, while Amy was being helped to bathe by Jo, Charlie had tried to talk to Dean. Trying to reassure him that Amy hadn't meant what she said, that it wasn't Deans fault. But Dean couldn't shake the guilt. Deep down, he knew that it was a punishment designed by Alistair to break the Omegas, but he couldn't get Amy's hate filled glare out of his mind. He had just shaken his head at Charlie and walked away to lay on his bed, his back to the room. None of them spoke for the rest of the day.
Dean grimaced. “Nah, I’ll eat the last of the bread, make some toast on the fire here.” he said, wrapping his arms around himself as Cas began to prepare the coffee.
“Dean, you don't have to thank me. I'm happy to help you figure this stuff out. And if you decide that Cas is what you want, then I'm happy for that too.” Sam said, with a chuckle.
Castiel had witnessed one male Beta being punished for accidentally sweeping dust onto a pregnant Omegas feet. He had been beaten, stripped naked and and hung by his ankles on a swinging gibbet from the lip of the canyon. Castiel was horrified to realise the man had been gelded previously. He was a eunuch.
It was telling that the younger brother's shoulders tensed as he prepared himself to see his brother. “Cool, I'll start cooking the noodles, if you wouldn't mind taking care of the cheese, Cas?” Sam asked politely.
Mary’s eyes lit up. “Really? Well, you know what they say about the quiet ones.” she chuckled. “Then what happened?” she asked excitedly.
“No, Cas. I was being sarcastic, you dork.” said Dean, rolling his eyes as he pushed off the door to help Cas turn down the bedsheets.
The faint protests of the ladies in the back of the truck filtered through the window and Dean held up a hand and called back an apology. “My bad!”.
Dean gaped. “Oh. That's- You- I'm not sure how I feel about that, if I'm honest.” he stammered out, feeling a little exposed. “So, you notice every little thing, huh?” he said, propping himself up on his elbows and studied the angel.
Jess edged back slowly and Bobby lit the new oil lantern. handing the other one to Sam. “We're just gonna step outside the door for a few minutes. Give the lantern a chance to drown out the scent and Cas will calm right down.” said Bobby, stepping out into the hallway.
Cas looked at Sam gratefully. “I do. I would like to know how you feel about Dean and I beginning a romantic relationship. I would not want to upset you. I love you both, although with Dean it-”
“Aww man, it's been a long time since I laughed that hard. Years, probably.” said Dean, with a breathless sigh as he sank down into Garths rocking chair.
I'm sorry I left the last chapter on a cliff-hanger. It was mean and I promise I won't be making a habit of it. I won't rule it out completely, because sometimes it just fits the context. That scene was BEGGING for a cliff-hanger ending.
They ate on the go, no-one had been comfortable with the idea of stopping for a meal, but by late afternoon it became apparent that the passengers needed to stretch their legs and take a bathroom break, so Bobby pulled over onto a small cracked concrete area next to the water and the relieved passengers poured out of the trucks, groaning and stretching before dashing off in different directions to empty their bladders.
Traditional genders no longer mattered. What mattered was whether you could breed or not. Secondary genders mattered, whether you were an Alpha or an Omega.
Alphas, stronger, faster and aggressively territorial, automatically became the dominant gender. Fiercely protective, they began to form clans and carve out territory in the now empty world.
Cas grinned and a sly look came over his face. “We could start using sappy pet names like 'snookums' or, what was it you called me before? Huggy bear! That was it. Oh, that will make her vomit, for sure.” said Cas, laughing hard at his own joke.
I had fun writing this chapter. I can't decide what made me laugh more, Cas making a hipster burger at camp, Dean having a Mr Darcy moment a la Pride and Prejudice, or Charlie and Jo messing with Dean.
Ellen stood up from where she had been checking Jo's injuries and approached Cas, kneeling in front of him. She was gentle as she opened his jacket to look at his injury, but Cas hissed as he tried to move to give her a better view.
“How much further?” said Cas, looking out the windsheild at the rough track they were currently driving on. It would be dark in an hour, Cas didn't want to chance this road at night, even though it had stopped raining.
“You pissed the wrong person off, again!” Sam gritted out harshly, “You always do this, every time we settle somewhere, you have to fucking start trouble. Now he's gonna make us go back on the road again. Because you can't keep your head down!”
Cas nodded. “My..son wants to go, and my friends are joining us. They have previous experience.” he reassured the man.
“What? No, of course not. I get it, okay? I'm over it. I swear, I'm not gonna upset him.” said Dean, frowning.
“Catch you later, man. Tell Jess to get a fuckin' move on, will ya? I want this damn thing off my arm asap.” said Dean grumpily.
Dean had been more on edge since Michael, and his temper burned hotter than usual, navigating a simple conversation had become like walking through a minefield. Everyone had been walking on eggshells, hoping not to spark off one of Deans rages. Cas wondered how they had got to this point without a serious incident. They had simply tried to move on, but Dean had somehow been left behind. It was no wonder the man was falling apart.
Cas had carefully managed to edit out any mention of the Omegas or the rescue and explained his delay and injury as an attempted robbery by would be thieves, with his extended recovery spent with a beta trade caravan.
“Don't move, sweetheart. You stay as still as you can, okay? I'll move around you.” said Ellen, her voice wobbling slightly as she ducked under his raised arm to get a closer look.
Dean could feel the panic climbing and he tried to resist the urge to lash out angrily. To accuse Cas of pressuring him. He realised that Cas was just trying to give him the same emotional honesty and took a few deep breaths, trying to calm down. Cas stood watching him, clearly distressed.
Castiel's smile lit up his entire face “I like it. Compared to my usual nickname, it's a definite improvement.”
Dean sighed. “His douche bag clan must have given him crap or something. I'd better go, catch you later Sam.” he clapped his brother on the shoulder and ran to the house.
Bobby listened patiently, letting Sam vent, encouraging him to take spoonfuls of broth and when Sam's anger showed itself, he finally replied gently but firmly “Okay son, being angry right now is to be expected, but don't direct it at Dean. He did what he thought he had to. You were both trapped. The bastards would have gotten you both, don't doubt that. He knew
Charlie sighed. “I know you're worried. I am too. But you know how tough he is, he'll be back, and you'll get mated and then you two will start making unfairly cute babies that adore their cool aunt Charlie.” she smiled tightly as Dean's expression became dreamy, then frowned as his expression changed to one of fear.
Sam laughed. “I’m not sure putting it to him like that is the way to go, Dean. You’re more likely to offend the guy.” he said wisely.
Dean laughed. “I never thought a Santa suit would do it for me, but here we are.” he said, pecking Cas on the lips. “Once Jack is asleep, I can give you my present. One hint, I'm wearing them.” he said with a suggestive smirk as Cas' mouth dropped open.
Dean shook himself out of his stupor. “We were- Um, I’m not actually sure what that was, Jack. Give us a second, will ya kid?” he asked, standing on shaky legs.
Bobby had raised his eyebrows at that, but had nodded approvingly at the lie. It was clear he approved of keeping the Singer homestead off the map and out of sight of a potentially hostile clan.
The Omegas sat in stunned silence as Cas finished his story, his shoulders slumped and his face drawn. Even without giving too many details, reliving the deaths of his friends had been an ordeal. His clan had never really been supportive of Castiel or his views, but they had still been his family.
“Hey, remember when Dad broke his leg when that floor gave way under him?” Sam said holding the rope up and inspecting it from all angles.
An hour later found them all at the kitchen table, enthusiastically digging into chicken and potatoes, whilst Rumsfeld snored and drooled on Dean's feet. The wood burning stove and hurricane lanterns casting a soft light and a gentle warmth through the room.
“Sure, me an' the munchkin here will go find auntie Jess, won't we little fella.” said Garth, via the puppet. “That alright with you, Amy?” he said as Matthew giggled.
“I’m scared, Cas. I’m so fucking scared.” Dean said, his voice cracking. “When Lucifer-” a sob escaped and he took a moment, trying to get himself under control.
“That's kinda why I'm scared, because I do feel something for you. You are everything I ever wanted, I just never thought I'd get to have it. We're in the same boat, I guess.” he said, his voice dropping to a whisper.
Cas smiled back. “Yes. I do. Mostly I just want to have you all to myself for a little while. Is that selfish of me?” he said, pressing a kiss to Deans head.
Dean shrugged. “Didn’t seem to be a point.” he said, risking a glance at Cas who was resolutely staring at the ground. “Besides, I was kind of.. flattered, I guess.” he admitted, his cheeks flaring. He heard Cas’ sharp inhale and shoved his hands in his pockets and turned away.
Guilt clawed at his insides as Amy was forced to not only to submit, but to take a knot to the mouth as tears streamed down her face. He had tried to look away but his head was held in place by the two Alphas holding him as the Alpha forcing Amy to pleasure him grunted out a mixture of slurs and encouragements as he fucked her mouth.
Cas closed his eyes and dropped his head. “I never knew any of this.” he said, his voice almost a whisper.
“Fair enough.” Sam agreed. “We can pick up a couple of camp beds or something. Wanna write a list of things we're gonna need?” he offered.
The pair had been inseparable all day, exchanging soft looks and touches over breakfast at the diner, pressing close to each other and smiling shyly, holding hands in the Impala as Dean drove back to the bunker.
The cop frowned at Jack who was still waving enthusiastically and grinning. He turned to Dean a lowered his voice to a whisper.
Dean stepped forward and shakily put a hand on Cas' arm. “I won't, I promise. I'll admit, my usual trick is to avoid it until the problem goes away, but it ain't workin' for me no more. It's why my head is as messed up as it is.” he said, his voice shaky. “I'm gonna hate every second of it, but I gotta talk this crap outta my head. It's like poison, I gotta let it out or it's gonna kill me.”
“No problem, son. It's a good thing. You got no reason to be nervous tellin' me you two got mated. Dean might be a little pissed that he didn't meet Jess first, but he'll get over it.”
“Do not come in here, no matter what you hear. If you are not part of my surgical team, I don't want you in here. You will be endangering my patient. Am I understood?” she looked around at every person who each in turn nodded sagely.
“Hey Jess!” called Dean. Jess looked back at him with an arched eyebrow, waiting for a continuation of the argument.
“Oh. Sorry Jess, it's nothing, really. I was just thinking again about what Dean will think about us. I know he'll love you, but he'll think he doesn't have a place in my life now that we're mated. When he's hurt, he gets angry and he has a tendency to let his mouth run before his brain kicks in.” said Sam, squeezing Jess a little tighter.
“Sam, I'm tired. Can we do this tomorrow? I promise we'll talk then. I just want to get some sleep, we've had a long day.” he begged.
“Well, I guess that answers my question. You must be Bobby.” said the large Alpha, nodding at the red haired Omega, who dropped the gun. “Sorry chief, can't be too careful after what happened, y'know? I'm Benny, this is Charlie. Dean is this way.” he pointed towards a rock outcropping about 30ft away.
“Yeah, me too, Cas. I think the only way to get through it, is to … get through it, I guess. Let's just be awkward. None of what we've talked about is a deal-breaker. I meant what I said, you are family.” Dean said quietly. “I realise I'm being selfish in insisting you stay around with no promises, and I don't know where we go from here, but I do know I need you around. I .. need you.” he added, his mouth going dry and his heart racing at his rare show of emotional honesty.
Dean shrugged, feeling put on the spot. “I don't know. It kinda came out of the blue. I'm trying not to panic right now, if I'm honest.” he said, his voice shaky.
“Allowing yourself to let go, both physically and emotionally like that can be overwhelming. You have nothing to be ashamed of.” Cas said soothingly.
Whatever Michael did next, Uriel would have to report to his contact with Lucifers clan. Alfie and Balthazar were to closely watch Uriel and identify the contact and anyone else he had subverted inside Michaels clan. Castiel insisted they must not give themselves away, or reveal that Castiel was alive. They would expose Uriels betrayal and any of the others he had subverted when Castiel was ready to make a miraculous return from the dead with the proof of his duplicity.
Cas shrugged and answered. “There aren't a lot of roads in the mountains, the terrain is not exactly car friendly. We use horses mostly, for riding and farm work. It just makes more sense up there.”
Sam laughed. “Excuse me, did you just say I was right?” he asked, with a smug but disbelieving look on his face.
“I don’t know. Maybe.” Dean growled out. He sighed and dropped his hands. “Okay, yes. I do. But it’s not that simple, Cas. If I fuck it up, I lose you. I lose Jack. I lose this family we’ve worked so damned hard to hold together. I need to be sure, you deserve that. Hell, I deserve that.” he almost shouted.
Suddenly they both let out loud yells and ran for the pool where they both executed perfect cannonballs that sent water flying everywhere.
Dean sat at the kitchen table with Amy, who looked exhausted, she was recovering from her first heat after having her son and it had been rough on her with a toddler to look after, even with Ellen's help.
Dean lit up and pulled away to open the truck door, indicating for Cas to get in. “Okay, lesson number one. Don't touch anything until I've explained what it does. Okay?” Cas nodded and climbed into the truck and slid over to the drivers seat, taking great care not to touch even the steering wheel. Dean bit back a laugh at the serious look on Cas' face and climbed in beside him.
a part of me, in a way. I feel odd without it. But the sleeves tend to get in the way when preparing food, so...” Cas trailed off as Deans shuffling footsteps could be heard in the corridor.
Sam nodded, a look of real fear mixed with relief on his face. “Uh, yeah. Lemme just get my things and the rooms all yours.” he said quickly, bumping into the door frame in his haste to flee.
“I’m gonna go over the truck this afternoon. See if there’s anything else I missed.” Dean said, elbowing his brother out of the way so he could wash his own hands. “Is there a garage near here? I might as well change all the tyres while I’m at it.”
Dean passed some bread over to Cas, who began stripping the meat off his skewer and putting it into the bread as the others watched.
“No. Well, partly. It's worse now, but it's always been there, Cas. I'm just so angry all the time.” Dean admitted.
In the weeks since their fathers death and Deans abduction, Sam had swung between deep depression and anger. His grief at his fathers death was almost overshadowed by his almost blind terror for Dean. Jess and Bobby had a hard time getting Sam to accept their help and reassurances that everything that could be done to find Dean, was being done. He had considered going back to the cabin and searching for clues as to where Dean had been taken. Bobby had been adamant that he stayed put, threatening to lock Sam in the panic room if he attempted such a foolish thing. Jess had agreed with Bobby, making some interesting threats of her own, should Sam try to sneak away without telling them.
Cas huffed a laugh. “Okay then, what do you suggest? I never want to make you feel uncomfortable again. It will be easier once..
A knock at the door had Dean jumping back with a start, he blushed as Cas rolled his eyes and swung his legs over the side of the bed.
“BOBBY!” Sam almost shrieked in horror, his face burning in embarrassment. Bobby had given up all pretence at being serious and was laughing so hard his chair was shaking alarmingly, the joins squealing in protest.
Mary’s expression changed to worried in a split second. “Oh. Of course, we can do something else instead...” she trailed off, at a loss of what to say.
Cas looked confused. “I wasn’t leaving, I was getting my backpack? We can talk about this in our room,
“I didn't realise I was doing it until you stopped me. I'm a little embarrassed to be honest. I guess my Omega instincts kind of took over for a second. I do it with Sammy sometimes, I fuss over him until he gets annoyed with it too.” said Dean quietly, still blushing furiously.
“Yeah, not my finest moment. Sorry.” said Cas sheepishly. “Can I hug you?” he held his arms open, looking hopeful and Dean forgave him instantly and threw himself into the Alphas arms with enough force to make Cas grunt with the impact and scrabble for balance on the rail before he almost tipped over and landed on the dirt.
“It's fine now. I'll need your help to move Cas back into bed in a little while.” said Jess, without looking up.
Cas held back a laugh as Balthazar huffed in the passenger seat. He was still damp from being put out in the rain, but he'd cheered up considerably when Cas had put the truck heater on and had not been able to hold back his curiosity about Dean. Cas filled Balthazar in on where he'd been, the rescue, the bandit attack, his injury and recovery. Balthazar had refrained from teasing Cas about his obvious affection for the Omega, wisely sensing that he was on thin ice with the Alpha as it was.
“What shall we do while we wait?” Jack asked, kicking a rock into the dense grass at the side of the road.
Cas makes a joke [Yes, really]. Mary loves her sons. Dean impresses Cas. Jack is a genius and embraces the great outdoors [and everyone else] and Sam has a plan.
The man roared with laughter. “Well, you sure left it to the last minute to gear up. It's a good time of year to go, black fly season is over and the trails ain't crowded yet. But the trail can be dangerous for beginners, You goin' with other people? They know what they're doin' at least?” he said, kindly. “Wouldn't want ya to get hurt on account of ignorance. There's bear and moose and all sorts a' wild animals up there. Not to mention the terrain and the weather. It'd be cruel of me not to warn ya.” the man looked a little worried that Cas might get himself into trouble.
After half an hour of patient explanation of everything in the cab, Cas started the truck and with Deans encouragement drove a slow loop around the property. Dean was amazed at how quickly Cas got it. He was a little too heavy on the brakes and had the steering wheel in a death grip, but he learned fast. On the second loop he began correcting his own mistakes and Dean relaxed a little. On the third Dean encouraged him to go a little faster, but Cas had refused. Stating that he didn't feel confident enough yet. Before the fourth loop, Dean told Cas to take the turning off the homestead and onto the road. With nothing in sight, Cas relaxed a little and finally Dean coaxed a little speed out of him. They only went a few miles before Dean noticed Cas tiring. Remembering Jess' warning he talked Cas through a u-turn and they headed back.
“Ugh, I can't wait until my arm is better, tryin' to do stuff with my other hand fuckin' sucks. I've actually got mud in my ear, man.” laughed Dean. “Nearly fell in the toilet tryin' to wipe my ass.”
, I'm sorry if I embarrassed him, and he can come out whenever he's ready.” she whispered. The double meaning was not lost on Dean and he felt the absurd desire to laugh.
Dressed in a simple cotton shirt and jeans, he inspected his boots before putting them on, checking the soles and seams, it would do no good if the leather creaked or he had a pebble in the sole if he was trying to move silently. He wished he hadn't learned that lesson the hard way as he absently rubbed at the phantom bruises on his ribs. His training in the clan had been brutal, but no more than anyone else's.
Dean wished he had something good to tell Cas for the next time he called. Something that would lift his spirits and give him something to look forward to when he came home. An idea began forming in his head and he almost ran from the room to find Bobby.
At the ice-cream place, Dean introduced Cas and Jack to the concept of the ice-cream sundae. Jack was enthusiastic, but Cas was blown away and to the casual observer it wouldn’t have appeared he reacted at all, but Sam and Dean were amazed at his excitement.
Sam shrugged. “Maybe. It’s a theory. Do you have any strange urges, or is there a voice telling you to do stuff?” he asked.
Dean stood staring over the water, the ruins of several tall buildings broke the surface of the lake, giving it an eerie look under the thickening dark clouds in the sky. He looked over as Benny approached and stood next to him.
“You- oh my god.” Dean spluttered out, laughing again. “Yeah, you win, buddy.” he conceded, still chuckling.
“I wonder why he isn't mated?” said Amy, questioningly. “It's odd, at his age, you'd expect him to have an Omega and a houseful of kids. He seems like a nice enough guy, but he looked kinda...sad, when he talked about getting mated.”
Mary nodded. “Yes, I do. Those cars are just collecting dust, they’re worth quite a bit in today's money. Use them to start a new life.” she said, biting into a glazed donut.
Dean had tried to talk to Cas and although the Alpha hadn't been unfriendly, he clearly hadn't wanted to talk either, so Dean had left him alone assuming the Alpha was embarrassed by what had occurred the night he'd had the nightmare. Dean figured if he allowed the Alpha some space, he'd eventually get over the embarrassment and their friendship would continue as it had.
Dean broke down. His shoulders shaking as he covered his face as he sobbed. Sam's lip began to tremble and his eyes went glossy as he too became emotional. “Jesus, Dean. Even Lucifer wasn't that malicious.” he choked out.
“Aww hell, I'm sorry kids. I'm just giving you a hard time. I'm happier than a dog with two tails for ya. Now, can someone make some breakfast? I wasn't jokin' about having a ton of shit to do, and daylights burnin'.” Bobby's tone was gruff, but he smiled as he stood up to put the book away that he had been pretending to read.
Sam grabbed the mic from Garth “Dean? Dean, is it really you? Are you alright?” he almost sobbed into the mic.
He checked his pack again, taking everything out and repacking it until he was satisfied. He decided to take a bath in the river. His scent could give him away if he wasn't careful, so he had been meticulous about cleanliness even when roughing it. He ran his hands over his beard, it was getting unmanageable and more than a little itchy, deciding on a shave as well he dug out his straight razor, soap and fresh clothes and headed to the shallows.
Cas sighed. “Before Jack I never even considered having kids. Now, I want a dozen. I'd be happy with just one more though. And yes, I think we can do it. Apart from the mess we made of tonight, I think we're pretty good parents.” his smile was wide and his eyes were bright in the gentle light of the bedroom lamps. “Lets do it. Lets have another child.” he said, excitedly.
“What I was going to say before my faux pas, is that we'll figure this out together. Look, I fumbled it just now, but let's just say, in the future, if either of us feels the need for affection, we ask the other?” said Cas softly.
Dean frowned in confusion and Ellen indicated Cas' body and fanned herself before mouthing 'go for it' and winking again.
Cas let out a bitter laugh that reminded Dean of Zachariah's version of Cas in 2014. Hopeless, bitter and hurting.
“It's okay, Cas. Everyone is okay. There is nothing wrong with Dean and Sam that isn't self inflicted. They smell distressed because they're hungover. No-one is in any danger, I promise.” Jess crooned and Cas relaxed, allowing Jess to feed him the sickly sweet liquid.
“Look, I know we don't get along, chief. But I think we can be grown ups and put it aside...” started Benny
“Brother, I have been watching you for a while now, and I am impressed with your dedication and work ethic. You have reason to be proud.” Michael said smiling. “I'm only disappointed that you still have no Omegas, I once again urge you to take at least one. It would be the making of you, I'm sure.” he added. Castiel tried not to vomit at the thought.
Jack looked disappointed as Dean nodded. “Yeah, sorry little man. It's way past bedtime for reindeer and little boys. It's even bedtime for Daddies and Papa's. But the good news is, you will probably sleep in a little later tomorrow. Maybe even past six am.” he joked as he dropped a kiss onto his sons head.
“No, it was before I lived at the bunker, long before we knew the bunker existed actually.” Cas said, sitting up and crossing his legs.
Hearing the door open, Dean looked up to see Charlie stepping out onto the porch with Rumsfeld, who promptly flopped down in a patch of sun and dozed as Charlie handed Dean a cup of tea and sat down next to him on the porch swing.
The Omegas scents were full of fear and apprehension and Dean signalled them to gather close. Obeying the request, the girls huddled onto the bed nearest the door with Dean and put their heads close together, occasionally shooting nervous glances at Cas.
“Did Dad tell you where we are headed this time? I hope we can swing by Bobby's. I miss that old bastard.” He laughed and then pointed at Sam and narrowed his eyes “Don't tell him I said that or I'll cut your hair off while you sleep” said Dean, threateningly.
Cas looked at him. “No. No it wasn’t. I was going to tell you because it was the right thing to do. I wasn’t sure what I was feeling back then. I had never experienced emotions until that point. It was only later I realised what it was.” he explained. “When I rebelled.”
“That's good to hear. Too many parents these days don't pay attention, then the kid grows up without basic decency and with hate in their hearts. Then we end up with a god-damn reality star as president.” Jake said with a sigh.
He could do this. It was just a dick, right? He’d held his own enough, it couldn’t be much different, surely?
“She started crying, told me she wanted that too. That she'd missed me so much. Offered to help lure her Alpha into a trap, so I could kill him and free her.” Benny was crying now and the rest of the group were not far behind.
He finally got a chance to look at the radio, it wasn't working. Alistair hadn't connected it right. He fiddled with the wires and connections, only looking up when Cas climbed back into the truck with a dusty pack and smile on his face. “I think I can get this to work, hang on.” said Dean, mostly to himself. The other Omegas were climbing back into the truck, arranging the blankets and other items to make themselves more comfortable for a long journey.
Daddy had gone into the kitchen to check on something baking in the oven, he had to make a lot of food because uncle Sam was coming tomorrow and Daddy said that if they weren't careful, he would eat them out of house and home. Jack didn't think that even uncle Sam could eat a whole house and he said so, making Daddy laugh really loud. Grown ups laughed at really weird stuff sometimes.
Amy spoke up, surprising both of the brothers. “She's helping Garth set up his distillation kit. She wants to start making medicines as soon as possible. She- she's going to train me to be a medic too, if I want. I- I'm thinking that maybe I want to.” she said, shyly.
“What if he meets someone else while he's away? He might find someone better and never come back. He could be gone for months, Charlie. That's a long enough time to forget me.” whined Dean.
Cas smiled. “In case you hadn’t noticed, I’m ageing too. Since my powers have been diminished, my vessel is now susceptible to time and it’s effects. I will grow old with you, Dean.” he said with a chuckle.
She skidded to a stop next to Sam, panting and pointing at the house “Dean is... on the...radio!” she finally panted out, breathless.
Dean nodded. “Yeah, I'll take Cas with me to pick up the gear. It'll make it easier to explain what it's for. That okay with you, Cas?” he asked, nudging the angel.
Sam nodded in agreement. “Yeah, my thoughts exactly. I just hope Cas can explain it to him. He’s an angel, so he doesn’t get most of this stuff himself.” he said, brushing his hair over his ears.
“You’re shaking. We can stop if you want to.” Cas said, running his hands up Deans body as he pressed himself against Dean’s back, his dick slotting between Dean’s legs.
Dean felt nervous, but grateful that he’d be facing away from Cas. It did make it easier, somehow. He didn’t think he could look Cas in the eyes right now if he tried.
Finally his bladder was empty and he shook himself off and buttoned himself back into his pants. He kicked some dust over the damp soil to cover his scent, then turned and bent to retrieve his pack when he heard a distinctive rattle and froze.
The cop gave Dean a sympathetic look. “Aww, he ain’t shy of strangers? That’s good. My brothers boy gets all nervous of ‘em. I don’t wanna upset the boy and scare ‘im. I just wanted to see if y’all alright here on the side of the road.” he whispered.
Bobby sighed. “Yeah, I can see that. I woulda waited too. If anybody found out you were alive and had that information, they'd have hunted you like a dog and no-one would have had a chance to stop him before it was too late. No-one's gonna kick you out, Cas. It's my house, an' I say you stay. I wanna know more about this guy and his operations. From what I saw in your reports, he's got a stockpile of weapons worthy of an army. If he had the numbers to use 'em? Yeah, that's bad news for everybody.”
“I ain't had time to thank you for saving Dean. I'd be remiss if I didn't take the opportunity right now. So, thank you.” said Bobby, seriously.
“I’m sorry that my inattention to the trucks condition has held us up. Now we’ll be late to meet your mother.” Cas said, looking guilty.
When Cas had proposed, Dean had been floored, literally. He had passed out from shock that the man that he loved more than anything but couldn't keep a secret to save his own life, had managed to set up an elaborate proposal that included a flash mob of all of their closest friends and family and a marching band playing Led Zeppelin tunes as confetti and streamers rained down from above.
Dean sat up with a sigh, brushing some loose dirt off the back of his arms. “That was when I realised I was attracted to you. I’m pretty sure I’ve been attracted to you for a lot longer than that, Cas. Sam pointed out that I’ve always looked at you for just a little too long to be platonic. I’m just so fuckin’ messed up I didn’t know what it was.” he said, sadly, picking at a loose thread on Cas’ swim shorts.
They were inside Alistair's quarters, they were not grand by any stretch of the imagination. The floor and surfaces were filthy, the furniture dingy and the smell of unwashed Alpha permeated everything. Dean had to hold his mouth to prevent himself gagging at the stench. Cas with his superior Alpha sense of smell had to bury his nose in the crook of his elbow.
The man laughed a little too loudly. “Of course, I'm guessin' you want the whole set up, am I right? I can help ya out.” he said, his tone friendly. “So, you know whereabouts you're gonna be goin'? It'll give me a good indication of what type of gear ya gonna need.” he said, steering Cas towards a display where several tents were erected.
“Sure, Dean. Don't think I didn't miss you singing his praises to Sam last night, and the casual check whether Balthazar is his “friend”, seriously, you're transparent dude.” said Charlie, smugly.
The young waiter finally reached them and took their orders, Sam ordered a cobb salad with fries on the side and Jack asked for the pork chops with mashed potato and greens.
Cas smiled fondly at the tipsy Omega sprawled in the chair. “I'll try not to take offence at that.” he said dryly, and picking up his book.
“Hey, little bro.” said Gabe, the smile softened. “Looks like I can't call you that any more, huh? You're all grown up. How'd you get so tall anyway? I could develop a complex looking up at you like this. You should kneel, or something.”
Dean tried not to think too hard on the fact he missed contact with the Alpha and gave what he hoped was a reassuring smile. “We're good, Cas. You were protecting me, not hurting me. I guess you're still determined to be my rescuer, huh?” he said, weakly.
Landing softly he ducked down behind a truck and surveyed his surroundings. Noticing a tall, thin Alpha exiting one of the wooden outbuildings and marching towards the gate, lantern swaying. He hunched down further until the Alpha was out of range. He figured his best bet was hiding in the building the Alpha had just exited as it was unlikely anyone else was in there, seeing as he had taken the lantern with him, the windows were dark.
Sam shivered in his makeshift shelter. He had not dared to enter the ruins of the cabin, he did not want to see what was inside. Almost immediately after hiding under the dock, he had passed out, when he had awoken it had been dark and the snow had begun falling again. The cabin had still been smouldering and he was half frozen to death.
“Way to go on not making assumptions, man. We didn't need anyone. We had each other, still do. So fuck you.” he sneered, his lip curling in fury.
Cas nodded. “Yes, it is. You should be careful not to get heatstroke. Are you feeling unwell? We should find you some shade.” Cas said, looking around with concern.
Dean looked over at Cas, whose face was set in a grim expression. He waggled his eyebrows in challenge.
“Did you all really know?” Dean asked in a small voice, feeling like the biggest dumb ass in the universe.
Sam had been around Dean and Cas enough to know when they were fighting. He knew the nuances enough to know exactly who was at fault each time, when Dean had said something shitty to Cas or when Cas had done something risky and pissed Dean off.
“Yeah, and wanting a fresh start.” said Amy, running her hands through her sons hair as he slept next to her and smiling.
Jess was extremely concerned about her patient. He had begun to refuse medication and was pushing himself too far, too fast. When she found him dressed in his own clothes and lacing up his boots in order to go outside, she had given him such a stern lecture that the rest of the household had all decided they had somewhere else to be, and Bobby and Sam suddenly had more volunteers to finish Garth's cabin than they needed.
“When I said you can't come with me, I didn't say it to be petty. I actually have a lot of respect for the way you are trying to turn your life around. Which is why I have to decline your offer to come with me.” said Cas, coldly.
Cas avoided her eyes and cleared his throat. “Um, I was hoping for some food and then maybe...a bath?” he said hopefully.
“Ditto, kid.” Dean grumbled. “Did Sam send you to wake me up?” he said, stepping out into the corridor and pulling his door closed behind him.
Dean shook his head. “No, Cas. Like I said, I’d be a hypocrite if I was. Can I ask a question about them though?” he asked while he still had the courage.
Cas looked at Sam who nodded. “We can do that. We don't need to go looking for a fight when the bad guys aren't breaking down the door.” Sam agreed, his voice a little strained with worry for his brother and knowing that he would have to stop hunting for a while too, or Dean would feel obligated to continue.
The cop chuckled. “Ain’t it always the way with special kids? Look, there ain’t no-one here but us boys. If you take ‘im over there where I can’t see, then I don’t know nothin’ about it, alright?” he said kindly, dabbing at his head with the handkerchief again.
He squinted his eyes as he stared at the row of cans and then whipped his hand forward, flinging the stone and knocking the middle can off the fence with a loud crack.
Cas nodded gratefully, taking a sip of his tea. “It is, I'll take it gladly.” he stared at Dean who blushed and smiled shyly.
Jack handed Cas a towel and he began drying himself off, Dean caught himself staring again when Sam cleared his throat noisily next to him. He turned to see Sam handing him a towel and blushed.
Castiel scowled as he went over the speech in his head, Michael was probably right in his assumptions on the rogue clan, and his security review was wise. But the way he had talked about the Omegas as if they were just another commodity, like the medical supplies or food stocks had his jaw clenching in anger.
Cas had begun to stir as Jess checked him over. Her hands were quick and efficient, checking his wound and making sure he was comfortable, before going to check in on her mate in the other truck. Nodding at Dean as he approached the truck. Dean awkwardly climbed back into the truck bed trying not to disturb the patient he thought was still sleeping. Swearing under his breath, he settled down next to the Alpha and peered over, checking whether he had woken his friend and was rewarded with a sleepy eyed smile.
“He's a damn genius.” he said grudgingly, rubbing his temples in frustration “He could be anywhere in there, the river will obviously be watched, so approach by boat will be impossible and searching on foot will take months, even if the scouts aren't discovered” Michael said bitterly as he sagged and dropped into the nearest chair.
Cas stood still, allowing Dean to wind the scarf properly and even button the jacket. “Don't worry, I promised you I'd avenge your death. I keep my promises.” he said, dryly.
“Hey, dude. Just wanted to check on you. Felt a bit guilty havin' fun out there with you stuck on your own in here. You doin' okay? Need anythin'?” he said, swaying slightly and taking two attempts to lean on the door frame without missing.
They had decided to rename the bunker, The Hub was a fitting name for what Sam planned to be the centre of all hunting in North America.
He stood up and gave Dean an awkward one armed hug and several back slaps as Dean hugged back, equally as awkward.
Dean nodded, his arm hurt more now than it did yesterday. He gritted his teeth and allowed Jess to continue to examine him.
When the door closed, Sam slumped into a chair at the small table in the kitchenette, his clothes and wash bag still in his hands. He didn’t have as much faith as the angel that he could handle the
Sam let out a deep breath through his nostrils. “Even if I completely give up hunting, what about Mom? How are you gonna convince her to stop? What would she even do?” he said, his voice raising as he too became angry.
“Jesus. Well, we have to try, right? Cas saved us, none of us would be here right now if it wasn't for him. So we should give him a chance, I say, do it.” said Dean, vehemently.
“Well, that's my cue to administer some more painkillers and fluids to the poor stricken Omegas, and if necessary, a foot in the ass if the first two don't work.” sighed Jess as she began gathering items into her basket as both Bobby and Castiel tried to hide smiles at her put upon expression. They watched her as she adjusted the basket on her arm and with a wink and a wave, strolled out of the tent to go tend to her mate and his brother.
Jack huffed and stomped back over to his bed where his robe was hung on the bedpost and his slippers were lying haphazardly on the rug next to the bed.
Dean shook his head. “Nah, hate to admit it, but it's too big to fit in Baby. I'm gonna find a smaller one for food though. You can get the ones that are solar powered these days or they charge from a car battery.” he looked around the store “We need a couple of tents, some sleeping bags, some water purifying stuff. Don't wanna get the runs again....” he muttered to himself as he wandered down the aisle leaving Cas standing and looking lost.
Cas shook his head and pressed a hand to Deans face. “Never. It was my burden to bear. I would have loved you forever, even if you never returned my feelings.” he swore. “You owed me nothing. I bear no resentment, I never did.”
“C'mon, let's pack up and get ready to get the fuck out of this shithole.” groaned Dean as he heaved himself up, slapping Sam on the shoulder.
“I think I'll ask the questions if you don't mind. Who the hell are you?” said Bobby gruffly, gesturing with the shotgun to make his point clear.
Real life got in the way of writing AGAIN. I live just off the beach, and every summer family from all over the country descend on us for a visit. I probably sound like I'm complaining, but I'm not. It gives me an excuse to go out to posh bistros, visit art galleries and some of the many, many castles and palaces that are in this part of the country, and  most of all, nerd out with my extremely cool 13 yr old nephew, whom I adore. So I've actually had a pretty good time.
Ellen looked at him oddly, but then sighed “Okay, Amy can show you how to wash your hands properly and tell you about clinical cleanliness. Then she can catch a nap and you can stay in here with me and I'll show you how to measure his heart rate and stuff, in a couple of hours we'll swap over.” she looked to Amy for confirmation, who shrugged.
Cas gripped the bottom of his cock and pressed hard, cutting Dean off from coming in his mouth, but the orgasm hit anyway, making Dean almost unhinge his jaw as his head flew back with a gasp. He was amazed when only a tiny bit of spunk came out.
“Uh, sorry again for the hold up. She called just as I was about to come out to help. She's on a hunt and wanted some advice on killing a Crocotta. I told her stabbing it in the back of the neck should suffice. She's going to use an angel blade just to make doubly sure.” Cas said, his cheeks a little pink and his eyes flicking up at Deans face and back to the ground nervously.
Sam was humming along to the track and smiled as Dean looked over. His ever-present phone was away for once, and his arm was out of the window, his fingers dancing in the breeze. He too looked more relaxed than he had for a long time.
He secured his pack onto his back, it wouldn't be going with him tonight, but he would stash it nearby to the compound. He would be moving on after tonight and wouldn't be returning to his temporary camp site, leaving anything here would be pointless. He gingerly picked up the canvas bag containing the rattlesnakes and began his trek towards the compound.
Cas looked around briefly before touching two fingers to Jacks temple, easing the nausea with a touch of grace. “Better?” he asked a relieved looking Jack.
Dean pushed Cas around, spinning him in place before shoving him forward a step in the direction of the fence. “Now throw!” he yelled.
Santa chuckled. “Perhaps your Papa will grow another beard the next time you all go on holiday.” he said softly.
Sam had almost made it out of the door to safety when he paused in shock as he watched the fight go out of Dean. He staggered back as if he had been hit.
He had to force himself to resist committing petty acts of sabotage, he couldn't afford anyone to suspect that he was here. The last thing he needed was for the clan to tighten security or change their routines.
He rushed through his chores, collecting the eggs, feeding all the animals, and drawing water from the cast iron pump in the kitchen. He began to scramble the eggs and bake the flat bread on the wood burning stove. Keeping one eye on the kettle of water he was boiling to make the herbal tea for Sam. Poor Sam was in heat, it was coming to the end of this cycle, so he was tired and a little dehydrated. The tea helped to ease the symptoms. Dean had already had his heat less than a month ago, so he sympathised. Sammy would be starving, so in addition to the eggs and bread, Dean added some of the cured ham from Bobby's pantry to the plates he had already set at the table. He poured the boiling water over the pot of herbs to allow them the steep for a little while and served up the rest of the food before going upstairs to rouse Sam.
“Well, you should. I quote enough of the Simpsons that you should know entire scripts and the whole cast by now.” Dean chuckled. Pushing the shoe back under the curtain. “Be back in a sec, Cas.”
Bobby shook his head. “I better go give Sam a heads up, or he's gonna flip his shit when he walks down those stairs an' smells this. I'll be back in a coupla minutes.” he too left the room reluctantly.
“Cas, I have no idea either. You're talkin' to me, when things get emotional I can't even speak. Maybe you should just say that. That you're overwhelmed, I mean. Surely they'd understand that. Jesus, I wish I was there with you. I'd hug you so hard.” Dean's eyes were starting to fill.
Cas stepped forward. “A few days ago. But I have had feelings for Dean for a very long time.” he admitted, looking guilty.
Sam looked up from the laptop with a frown. His eyes settled on the book Dean had been reading and he grimaced.
He tied the shirt around Cas’ face and stood back, waving a hand. “Can you see anything? No cheating.” he said.
Dean had been mortified. As Charlie and Jo had rushed over and gently coaxed Amy from the floor to tend to her wounds and clean her up, Amy had fixed him with a glare filled with hatred. He could do nothing but watch as the other Omegas had taken care of her.
He spotted Ezekiel waving at him from the bottom of the stairs to the mezzanine and raised a hand in greeting and began to make his way over.
“We tried to find you, Dean. I swear. As time went on I felt worse and worse because I knew you were relying on me to rescue you. But it was like you had vanished. I wanted to find you, to save you like you saved me and I couldn't because I couldn't find you!” Sam was sobbing now. “You had to save yourself with the help of a stranger. Because I wasn't there!”
“Thanks Bobby.” Sam's voice was wobbly as he continued with making breakfast, managing to rescue an edible meal out of the mess he and Jess had made while they tried to gather the courage to tell Bobby that they were mated.
Bobby sighed. “Well I guess you'd better spit it out, son. And take a seat fer cryin' out loud. You look like you're about to fall over.” he kicked a chair out towards him.
Deans face lit up “Oh, yeah. Once Jess patches you up, I'll take you out and show you. There's like, two parts to the surprise. I think you're gonna love it.” he said, grinning excitedly.
“Ready! Set!” the whistle blew and Dean and Cas kicked off from the opposite end of the pool, both swimmers powering through the water with very little splashing.
Cas chuckled as he replied “Believe me, I've had enough adventure just lately to last me a while. A little bit of boring will do me some good, I think.”
Cas nodded. “None taken.” he said hurriedly. “Okay, whenever you are ready, Dean.” he dropped to one knee at the side of the bed. “I'll send you to sleep for two hours, I can also help you sleep tonight and for as long as you need me to.” he promised, his eyes soft.
Dean began taking deep breaths, remembering when he and Sammy had been children and Sam had broken his arm. They had been playing upstairs in some ruins and a rotten floor had given away under Sam's feet. Dean had felt terrible for daring Sam to go up there at all. Sam had been so brave though and had lied to their father, telling him he'd tripped getting out of the car, so Dean didn't get in trouble. He'd cried a little when their father had re set the bone, but had calmed when John had pulled him onto his lap and held him, kissing his head and telling him how brave he was. Dean had cried too. Seeing Sam hurt, had torn him up even then. He teared up as he suddenly missed his father and brother very much.
So, there is a scene in this chapter that will expose my extremely dark sense of humour. I don't go too much into detail but it may give you the squicks, I wouldn't recommend eating when you are reading this chapter. I kinda grossed myself out a bit, but it also made me laugh really, REALLY hard.
Sam almost broke the front door off it's hinges in his haste to get in the house, he ran down the hallway and threw himself into the library where Garth was sitting at the radio.
Cas felt the colour drain from his face. “Where is Hannah, now?” he gasped out. “I need to see her.”
Breaking out into sobs, Dean looked broken. Cas acted on instinct again, pulling Dean from the chair onto the floor and into his arms. Cas tucked Deans face into his neck and stroked Deans back and neck whispering “You're safe” over and over again as Dean sobbed heavily and clung to Cas' torso.
Deans skin crawled when he heard a distinctive rattle from the bag and stepped back in horror as Alistair began to desperately struggle, his hands clawing at the bag as the stranger tightened the neck of the bag around Alistair's throat and held on, his legs slightly apart and his biceps bulging with the effort, a grim look on his face.
As promised. Chapter two is here. Poor Cas overhears a conversation and misunderstands completely, leaving him hurting. Dean has struggles of his own, his new policy of emotional honesty bites him on the ass and he worries he may lose the best friend he's ever had.
Dean almost yelped as Cas suddenly sat up and dragged him closer, kissing him, fucking his mouth with his tongue, rolling on top of him and pressing him into the ground.
Dean glanced over at his brother. “Yeah, ‘cause look where not talkin’ about shit has got me so far, Sam.” he sneered. “I’m tellin’ you how it is. Unless anything comes lookin’ for us, I’m out.”
“Yes, there is something about it that doesn’t offend my taste buds. Everything else is too complex, it’s overwhelming.” Cas said, thoughtfully.
They worked quickly. Unloading Cas’ truck and hauling everything over the nearby ridge. Cas was loaded up like a packhorse, he looked ridiculous, but unbothered. Sam stopped them when they reached the spot he’d picked and Dean took over, instructing everyone on where to set up tents, helping Cas who was totally lost looking at the tent he’d unpacked and laid out. Sam dug a shallow, oblong firepit in the middle of the campsite, brushing away the dead leaves and laying out some rocks around it.
Bobby took one of the headlights out of Deans truck and wired it up to the trucks battery, suspending the light above her patient in order to give her enough light to operate by. The crates were turned over to create surfaces for various pieces of equipment and bottles and jars and even a raised bed for Cas, the crates covered in a thin bedroll.
Jack lifted his head, his expression adorably grumpy. “I asked Papa if I could have a baby brother or sister instead of a story. He said that not even Santa can bring those.” he looked very annoyed about it.
The shed was in fact a barn that Bobby had filled to the brim with what he considered useful items, building materials, tools and even weapons. It was heaven for someone like Sam.
The scent doubled, becoming almost suffocating and Cas gagged and dropped his book to cover the lower half of his face and nose in the crook of his elbow.
At the back of the room was a rough stone low wall with a hand operated winch above what was obviously a well shaft, a cradle was lying on the ground in front of the lowest part of the wall. He could hear low sobs and gasps from below. He crept closer, placing his hand on the stone wall and peering over into the inky blackness below, his fingers dislodged a small rock that clattered as it fell. Castiel cringed and then froze as a male voice suddenly called out
The jeans Cas wore were slim fit and moulded his strong thighs and calves perfectly. The shirt he had chosen was a blue wide striped plaid, left open with a white v-neck t-shirt underneath showing off his flat stomach and broad chest and shoulders. His hair was mussed and he chewed his lip nervously.
“Yeah, a mission given to you by a fucked up clan Alpha who treats Omegas like property. Why the fuck would you be so loyal to a clan like that anyway, if like you say, you don't agree with it? Smells like bullshit to me.” sneered Dean, his eyes blazing angrily.
After loading the car, Dean suggested getting pizza and Cas shrugged. Dean was getting irritated by Cas' silent sulking, but didn't have the courage to call Cas out. His own confusion over the situation was enough to deal with, without digging too deeply on how Cas felt about it.
“I completely agree with everything you just said.” Cas said dryly as he reached out to steady the wobbling toddler with a hand on his back.
“Cas, it's beyond your control. Your instincts came to the surface for a few reasons. One, you are injured, your defences are down. Two, Dean was pumping out enough Omega distress to make us come running from the other end of the house, so it was overpowering in here. Three, it sent all the Alphas into protect mode, and created a feedback loop. We're just lucky that everyone was smart enough to back off or a brawl could have broken out. I'm actually more concerned about your blood pressure or you causing further injury to yourself at this point.” said Jess, gently.
The tarp rustled and Dean looked up to see Jess enter the closed off area, he smiled at her slightly confused look.
Dean frowned and looked down as he pulled his phone out of his pocket. He had a couple of messages from Sam and a missed call from his Mom. He’d left his phone on silent by accident.
The had travelled up into Maine, up to the hundred mile wilderness and had left the logging road and driven down a track towards a lake that Sam had picked as a good campsite.
Cas responded by pulling back and pushing back in in a long, deep glide, setting a rhythm that had Dean curling his toes.
Sam woke up slowly, gradually surfacing from the deep sleep he'd finally fallen into after tossing and turning for most of the night. Looking over at the other side of the bed, he noticed Jess had already started her day, her clothes were gone and she had kindly laid out fresh clothes for him to dress in. He sat up and scrubbed the grit from his eyes, before yawning and stretching. Standing up, he yawned again, scratching his stomach absently. As he dressed slowly he thought back to what had kept him from falling asleep the night before.
Deans eyes widened as he realised that he had no valid reason to refuse. A smile spread over his features and the tension bled from his posture. “You know what? Lets do it. A family camping trip in the wilderness.” he agreed.
There was silence as they stared at each other before Dean laughed nervously. “You smooth fucker.” he grinned, blushing and making Cas chuckle as the Omega side eyed him and sat back.
Jess stifled a laugh “Used to Sam, I take it? Because, damn. That guy could wake the dead. The first time we slept in the same room, I thought one of the animals had got in the house.”
He straightened the blankets of what for the last two months had been his bed and flopped face down, fully dressed in jeans, plaid shirt and boots with one arm tucked under the pillow as Sam did the same on his bed.
He couldn't figure out the cause of the tension in this case though. This was different. Cas was quiet and looked like a kicked puppy. Dean seemed to be over compensating for it by babbling incessantly. They each avoided looking at the other. There was no snide comments or insults. But the tension was there.
Cas had cried buckets when Jack was born. He'd originally just agreed to be a sperm donor for their friend Kelly Kline, but an accident had put her in a coma during the last month of her pregnancy. She died not long after they had delivered Jack by caesarean, having never regained consciousness. So Cas had stepped up and agreed to raise Jack himself, being his biological father had made the process of taking him home from the hospital smooth and easy. Cas had cried the first time he held Jack, convinced he would hurt the tiny baby in his big hands by accident. He had been utterly gone on his son from the first moment and he still was. Dean hadn't hesitated either and had formally adopted Jack not long after and together they were a family.
Dean smiled. “Thanks, Cas. For being cool about this, and for not y'know, mind whammying me right here in the library and throwing me over your shoulder before dumping me in my room.” he joked.
Dean shrugged. “Well, we had a bit of a fight. I still couldn’t make up my mind, but then I agreed to take it slow.”
As always, comments and kudos are my bread and butter. If you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask me.
“Okay, Sam. You want me to talk? I'll talk. But you had damn well better listen, 'cause I'm only gonna say this once.” he jabbed his brother in the chest with a finger. “Drop the righteous act. I. Owe. You. Nothing.” he growled out.
The worn patrol path would guide an attacking force through any traps, rendering them completely useless. Castiel would have laughed at the arrogance of Lucifer's men, but settled on planning their destruction instead.
Sam looked serious for a moment. “Take it slow with the sex side of things. He hasn’t got much experience, it’s what leads to misunderstandings like this.” he warned.
Cas picked up one of the keys and tossed it to Jack who caught it, then held it up to look at the room number.
“If you keep doing that, I’m going to come.” Cas gasped, and Dean grinned as he realised he’d cracked the angels composure.
Dean looked at Alistair, who was now drooling and sagging so much he was threatening to tip over. One bite from a rattlesnake would sometimes take days to die from, but Alistair had venom from several bites, he had hours at most. He stepped forward hesitantly, looking at the stranger fearfully, who just nodded reassuringly.
Ellen looked up sharply, her anger had been evident all day in the way she spoke to the Alpha, in short clipped sentences and with her fingers hovering near her gun.
? You told me all about procreation and Jody told me about safe sex. I just wanted to know how I know if I’m ready? I feel like I’d like a girlfriend, or a boyfriend. But I’m not sure if I’m ready for sex. It sounds complicated and messy.” he said, with a shrug.
“How is the pain? I have some willow bark that you can either chew on or make a tea from. It will take the edge off the pain and make it easier to bathe and change your clothes, and sleep. Which I am sending you off to do very soon. Sam is making breakfast for everyone.” said Jess, smiling at Deans grimace.
John mimicked a starry eyed grin and continued “All she saw was the destruction of her garden, including the one thing that stopped her feeling so miserable from morning sickness, and here was the culprit, standing and grinning at her like a moron.”
Jack sat up in Cas' arms, and stared at both of his fathers. “Okay.” he said in a small voice, his expression was confused.
“Yeah. He- He cried, Sam. I've seen him upset before, but he actually cried.” Dean said, getting upset again himself.
Sam put the groceries away. Cas hadn't done too bad of a job, they had the ingredients for spaghetti and he'd even bought ground meat for meatballs. He lifted up a wedge of Parmesan cheese and sniffed it. It was pretty good quality, Cas hadn't skimped on anything, he'd bought the best quality of everything they needed. Even the toilet paper was the fancy, soft kind, not the cheap 2-ply they usually grabbed. He chuckled at the thought of an angel comparing toilet paper in the aisle of the supermarket.
Dean looked at the young mans name badge. “We’re good, Tommy, thanks. We’re gonna hit up the ice-cream place after. We promised the kid here.” he said gesturing to Jack, who beamed.
“I just feel like I'm takin' advantage or somethin'. I mean, we're not even... y'know.” muttered Dean, scenting Cas deeply.
Bobby nodded sagely. “Me too, son. Once spring heats are over, I got people arrivin' from all over. This is gonna be the headquarters of the militia and the hub of the network. Even once you take Lucifer down, there will always be others. It's best if we have something in place to deal with it as it comes. It should've been done a long time ago. If Dean hadn't had the original idea, it wouldn't be happenin' now.” said Bobby proudly.
“Fuck, I want-” Dean panted. Cas kissed up his spine, nipping at his shoulders. The bastard was still fully clothed and Dean could feel Cas’ tented jeans pressing into the back of his leg.
Dean realised he was making a high pitched keening sound as the build towards orgasm took over completely. It felt too good to feel any sort of embarrassment though.
“Let’s get some coffee made. It’s a shame there’s no bacon left. But Sam showed me how to make oatmeal?” Cas offered, moving over to where they had set up the little camp kettle.
Cas looked thoughtful. “Mostly, I want to be allowed to be near you. I want to be able to talk with you, listen to you. I want to be able to touch you, for you to touch me. I want to be able to hold you close, comfort you. I want to kiss you, all the time, all over.” he said, blushing a little. “I want to be the only one to do that.”
“While these are cookin', I can try to explain, if you're ready to listen.” he said quietly, he kept his eyes down and shifted uncomfortably.
Sam shrugged. “We passed a garage a few miles back. I can be there and back in an hour?” he said, picking up the trucks spare and hefting it into Baby’s trunk.
Here we are at chapter 20. I've given up estimating the number of chapters to this thing, I originally estimated 30. Yeah, no. I'm barely a quarter of the way through.
Sam nodded, until it was confirmed one way or the other, it was wise to act as though he was pregnant. No heavy lifting or anything too strenuous. He wasn't being given busy work, the tasks he had been given were essential, and would probably have fallen to him anyway, so he wasn't offended in the least.
“Okay. No hunting. I’ll set up the bunker as a training facility, I’ll consult, but I won’t go on hunts.” Sam said, with a sigh. “You’re right. We’ve done enough. Let the next generation take over.” he dropped his head back onto his seat and rubbed his eyes with the heels of his hands with a groan.
Sam for all of his good intentions with the salad, was making short work of the fries and Jack had gravy smeared on his cheek.
Cas narrowed his eyes. “She has nothing to do with this, Dean. She merely pointed out the pitfalls of toxic masculinity and the effect it has on society. It places men and women under unreasonable restrictions for no good reason. Look at yourself, I merely suggested that you make yourself comfortable, and you perceived it as a threat to your manhood. Can you not see how ridiculous that is?” he shouted back uncharacteristically.
“You little shit. This is what I get for trying to help you.” said Dean, pouting as Cas chuckled and Jess smirked.
Dean shook his head. “No! No, I’ll be honest. Being jealous didn’t even cross my mind. Well, not in the way you’re thinking anyway. Besides, I asked. But holy fuck, dude. That sounds...” he trailed off, momentarily lost for words.
Chapter three is here! Dean is a mess and struggles to come to terms with everything. Sam helps him to figure a few things out, because that man is a saint. Jack is too enthusiastic in the mornings.
“Alright, while we were out, I had Sam swap the rooms around a little. He’s sharing with Jack and you and Cas have the other room.” Mary said, smugly.
Dean breathed a sigh of relief, the cop was just being friendly and a little nosy. “He’s alright. He’s a good kid. He just misses some of the social stuff sometimes.”
Sam turned and gave Dean a small smile. “Yeah, Cas got the stuff for Spaghetti and meatballs, didn't skimp on the ingredients either. Even bought the fancy kind of parmesan, not the box kind. He made it, I'm just helping. It's all his recipe too.” he said, giving the angel a wink.
Cas groaned. “Uh, they've uh, gone home. Yes, that's it. This was my last stop of the night and they dropped me off before they went back to the north pole. Isn't that right, Daddy?” he said, looking at Dean desperately.
“I’m still not a hundred per cent sure I want to retire, it’s just an idea right now.” Dean said, feeling a little self conscious.
“I have to go.” he said sadly. “I- I love you.” he gripped Deans hand briefly and turned to get in the truck while Dean just stared open mouthed after him.
Dean nodded in agreement. “Hell yeah, there's a good reason right there for eating junk food all the time. I've eaten so much, I'm immune to it now.” he said jokingly.
The sun had now completely set and there was no moon in the clear sky, the stars put on a dazzling display as the remainder of the group settled in around the fire, content to enjoy the quiet of the night.
“Anything else I can get you fellas? Y’all look like big eaters. Miss Mary don’t like anyone leavin’ hungry.” the young waiter said with a grin.
“Just don’t get grease all over my cards.” Sam said, grimacing in disgust as Dean balled up the cheese and put it in his mouth.
“Someone is easily pleased.” smiled Jo, making Cas blush slightly. “Wait 'till you taste my mom's cooking. I swear, she makes an apple pie that will make you see God.” Jo had a far off dreamy look on her face.
A true mating, in which both parties received a mating bite, formed a chemical bond in which both partners could anticipate the others needs and share an equal relationship, both equally devoted to the other.
He sorted through the clothes in his pack, Ellen had been kind enough to wash his clothes and re-pack them when they had first gotten to Bobby's. He made a mental note to thank her, some of those clothes had been disgusting, stiff with sweat and dirt. The woman had worked miracles and they had even been mended, the split seams sewn and the holes patched.
“Had to keep a clean shaven face for when we posed as FBI agents. Was always worried Sam’s hair was gonna give us away, it ain’t regulation length, that’s for damn sure.” he chuckled, throwing an arm over his eyes to block out the sun.
Sam shook his head. “Not if he was spelled as well. It would have to be a powerful witch to do it, but it can be done.” he said with a shrug.
“Well, that makes me feel a little better. Didn't want a city boy like yourself gettin' all lost or mauled by a bear or somethin'. An' now I know what sort of gear yer gonna need.” he held out his hand for Cas to shake “Ma names Jake, and I'll see ya right, don't you worry none.”
Dean hugged back just as fiercely even as he fought for breath. “Dude....” he gasped out, and Sam let up a little but only enough to allow Dean some air.
Dean sighed. Sam was right, Dean would have teased Sam relentlessly, but still this was important. “Dude, there are real feelings involved. If I don’t handle this right, it could fuck up everything for this family, do you understand? I could- we could lose him.” Dean said, getting emotional.
Cas was settled in a bed in the library, a small fire warmed the room and he read a book on organic farming techniques by the light of one of the small oil lanterns. He was already well versed on various techniques, having been in charge of the farms in his clan, but the book was interesting nonetheless. He looked up as he heard footsteps approach the open doorway and Dean peered in looking a little glassy eyed from sampling a few mugs of Bobby's home brew.
Jack squirmed. “Papa, are you Santa? I thought you worked at the hospital?” he said, his little face was a mirror of his fathers.
“I can't help it. I'm an angel. I notice everything. I don't always understand it, but I do notice. It has taken me many years to understand the majority of the things you and Sam do. It helped when I became human for a time. I found myself understanding a lot of things about humanity, and about myself. I loved humanity before, but now I find myself truly admiring you.” Cas said, he seemed a little shy to admit it, his voice almost at a whisper.
Mary gave him a curious look. Dean obviously wanted to talk to her about something, in the short time she’d gotten to know him, she could tell when something was bothering him. Although he wasn’t particularly subtle, he wasn’t always forthcoming, she jumped on the opportunity.
Panic flooding his system at the thought of being abandoned, he leapt the last few feet and grasped the lip of the well, desperately trying to haul himself up and climb out.
Jack was over the moon for them once he had asked Sam some awkward questions about why they were being so lovey-dovey. Sam had stammered out a brief explanation about couples and affection, completely chickening out from telling him that Cas and Dean had finally had sex.
“Okay, I’m gonna wrap the potatoes and put ‘em in the coals now, they’ll be ready about the same time.” Dean said, drinking the last of his coffee and grimacing at the bitter dregs.
I'm not sure what my posting schedule will be like over Xmas, I'll try to get something out before then.
Castiel and Balthazar shared a look, this had not been Alfie's first mission, but as the youngest it guaranteed him the dirty jobs.
“I'm not sick, or dying. Just processing.” Cas said, not sounding very reassuring to Deans ears. “I'll admit, I'm not fine. But I will be. I just need time.” his voice was deeper than ever.
Dean felt a little guilty at the oversight. “She can come if she wants. I didn't think she'd enjoy roughing it in the 100 mile wilderness with a group of scruffy, stinky guys though.” he said with a shrug.
“Yes, she's a Beta. We are quite close, except for when she constantly nags me to take a mate. It's...complicated.” said Cas, frowning.
“It's okay, boy. Let's get you checked over and some fluids in you first. Dean managed to radio me just before they took him, I know the gist of it. It's being taken care of. You can fill in the details later. Right now, we need to take care of you.” said Bobby, soothingly.
“Yeah, I dunno either. I spotted steel rails in there, man. How did he even get them in there? They weigh a ton!” said Dean, thoughtfully. “I mean, what could he even use 'em for?”
Charlie was the first to break the long silence, her voice slightly wobbly as she crawled towards Cas and took his hand, her knees sinking into the dry dusty earth as she knelt at his side. “Cas, we'll never be able to thank you enough for what you did for us.” she looked around in the fading light to see the rest of the group nodding in agreement. “I'm so sorry your friends were killed. You've lost just as much to Lucifer as we have. I...I really want to help you get that fucker. I really do.” Charlie squeezed Castiel's hand and her eyes were glassy with tears. He smiled gratefully at her and squeezed back. “Well, you wouldn't be any sort of best friend if you didn't” he joked quietly, causing Charlie to chuckle as she wiped at her eyes with her free hand.
The chapter is late because my ongoing health issues caused a stay in hospital. My own brain tried to kill me, Medical students attempted a lumbar puncture and didn't use enough lidocaine, and I almost got sent to have brain surgery by accident. Oh yeah, soooo much fun. I get all the best experiences. Really.
Dean recovered first and threw on the charm. “Thank you ma'am.” he said politely as Cas disappeared behind the curtain again. Clearly overwhelmed by the attention.
Cas shook the mans hand firmly. “I am Castiel. Thank you. My friend probably has some idea already, but it's appreciated.”
Cas himself had made himself scarce, keeping to his room and avoiding the brothers completely. Jack didn't seem to notice as he chattered excitedly, asking question after question, about the gear, the camp site, the food. He seemed to have a never ending thirst for knowledge.
Sam flushed scarlet and shifted uncomfortably until Jess ran a comforting hand through his hair and smiled at him reassuringly.
At the scent of food, the girls almost ran back to the fire, where Cas began handing out the meat skewers and finally taking one for himself.
“Dude! That's not fair and you know it. Dad would have taken us back on the road anyway at some point. This is just his favourite excuse.” Dean said bitterly. “I'm not gonna submit to some bag of dicks Alpha, just so we don't have to go back on the road. Dad wasn't there, and that prick of an Alpha wouldn't back off, so I had to resort to tougher measures.”
A chill went through Castiel and he looked at Balthazar in horror. Balthazar had a furious look on his face. “So, we were betrayed.” Balthazar gritted out.
Dean halted suddenly as the trail opened up and he caught his first glance of Sam, who had his back to him.
Michael continued, oblivious to Castiels misery. “I have a project I want you to put that strategic brain of yours to work on.” He gestured to the maps on the table.
Sam shifted in his seat for the tenth time in less than five minutes and Bobby had to bite his tongue to prevent himself from yelling at the Omega to sit still and stop being a distraction. Instead he sighed and gripped the steering wheel tighter. He couldn't really blame Sam, they were minutes away from seeing Dean again after months of terrifying separation. Bobby knew his own anxiousness was feeding into his irritation at Sam's incessant wriggling. Jess was doing her best to calm Sam, her hand gripping his as they all sat squashed together on the bench seat in the cab of Bobby's truck.
Any actual work inside the main settlement was carried out by Betas, they were also collared, but with thick black leather to mark them as such. They were also obviously slaves. They were making their own people slaves, just because they couldn't produce offspring.
to fuck things up between us, but it’s happening anyway.” he pressed the heels of his hands to his eyes.
Cas cringed and looked at Jess, who looked fed up. She gave Cas a small smile and said “Don't worry, I'll give them some willow bark and get some water in them and they'll be fine by lunchtime. I know the distress smell is affecting you and it's probably sending your instincts crazy right now, that's why the others have decided to be elsewhere. Let me tell you though, that what you are feeling right now, is nothing compared to smelling your mate in distress.”
Putting together a hasty meal of the remainder of his rations, he took his time eating while watching the river, marvelling at the beauty of the canyon.
“Dude... I didn't know... I didn't know they were in there... I swear... I'm so sorry! Please, please don't kill me.” said Sam, simultaneously begging and trying to hold back laughter and failing miserably.
“Your arm is stiff already, it makes the muscles go into spasm. The willow bark will help with that. I already have some tea brewing for Jo, but she's still asleep, so you drink it, and I'll make her some more. Okay?” said Jess, soothingly.
“Dean.” Sam interrupted Deans chatter looking exhausted. “You should probably go check Baby's oil and tyre pressure or something. It's a long drive to Maine.”
“It was the summer we all spent at Bobby’s while Dad was laid up. He gave me that book about rope tying, I think it was an old an old eagle scouts book or something. I lost it years ago, but I found the same book at the supply store. I had to buy it.” Sam said, holding up an old well worn paperback book.
Dean cringed. “Yeah, you’re probably right.” he admitted. Being mindful of other peoples feelings had never been a high priority for Dean, and now that he knew Cas had feelings to hurt, he wasn’t keen on being the one to do it any more.
“Is it because of Sam, and me? You’re not sure if you can stop if we keep hunting?” Mary asked, hitting the nail on the head.
Cas pulled his son close into his chest and patted his back. “Okay, little one. Lets go get your Bee-bee and tuck you into bed. Do you need the potty before you go? Be honest.” he asked moving towards the hallway.
“I just want to start by saying, I have not lied to any of you. My mission is to destroy Lucifer. My clan is the only one who has the numbers to take him down. What I have not told you, is that my clan is little better than Lucifers. Although they don't raid, my clan trades Omegas. I don't agree with it, my brother Gabriel didn't agree with it. I have been ostracised for my beliefs that matings should only be true. That Omegas are equals, not property. It is why I have not taken a mate. Gabriel left the clan years ago because he couldn't get them to change. I have also decided to leave the clan, but only after Lucifer is destroyed. Above everything, he is a very real threat to every clan within his reach and I need my clan in order to make sure that what happened to you, never happens to anyone else.” Cas refused to look up from staring at the table, no-one else said a word.
Getting across the main compound proved easier than either of them expected, the commotion at the gate had calmed down but the guards had yet to return to their positions on the walls. As they hid behind another truck, Dean had an idea.
Dean never thought he’d ever beg to get fucked in the ass, but here he was, a needy mess, crying and whimpering when Cas switched back to his fingers, adding more lube in the process.
Dean pointed to Jack. “Jack can find us some worms while he’s digging. Other than that, I got nothing because I totally forgot to buy bait.” he confessed with a laugh.
“Bathrooms free, that water pressure is better than the bunker. It’s got like eight settings on the- Sam, you okay man? You look like you’ve seen a ghost.” Dean said, looking worried.
. He was pretty far from fine and lying about it was destroying the family he was desperate to keep together.
“Of course it's true. You credit me with saving you, but you were right there with me, saving yourself. You didn't passively stand by, you fought as hard as I did. Even after everything you had been through, you didn't give up. You care, about everyone. You didn't even hesitate to help the others find a home. You, are nothing less than wonderful.” he said earnestly.
Bobby sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose and running a hand down his face. He picked up the mic to reply.
love with him? He's my best friend, so is this some weird crush because of the stress? I've never looked at a guy before, not like that.” he said, sounding lost.
After a late breakfast of pancakes and bacon at the local diner, the little convoy had headed east out of town and hit the interstate around lunchtime. Jack rode with Cas in the truck and Sam took his usual spot in the Impala’s passenger seat. Dean drove along, the sound of Motorhead coming from the impala’s speakers and the windows down. He felt a little more at peace than he had in a long while. Now that he and Cas had cleared the air a little, he felt more confident about the trip and any time they may have to spend together.
Bobby walked in on Sam putting a packed duffel bag down in the lobby, he stopped and crossed his arms over his chest and raised an eyebrow at Sam. “Going somewhere?” he questioned.
Cas growled “Where is Hannah? Is she alive? Was she hurt? Tell me!” he stood up, towering over Balthazar threateningly.
Dean wandered over and picked up the info sheet with the list and a little map helpfully printed on the back. He guessed steak and burgers were out, they’d be eating a lot of those. He scanned the list, he didn’t feel like Mexican food, especially if he had to be stuck in a car with Sam for the next couple of days. Pizza, maybe? Boring. He saw a listing for an ice-cream bar. Jack might like that later. Hell, it’d been years since he’d been to one of those places. He just needed to find something suitable for dinner first.
Dean looked at him like he’d gone mad. “Is that what you think? That I’m under a spell? Like Famine or something?” he asked, his tone hard and cold.
Cas turned to look at Jess who was smiling. “For someone who was a deaths door a couple of days ago, you are looking a lot better than those two idiots are this morning. We'll wait for the medicine to kick in a little bit and then I'll check your wound, okay?” she said, patting his hand. Cas gave a weak smile and nodded as she stepped away.
He pulled on his canvas jacket and indicated to Sam that he was going to see what was holding Cas up. Sam gave him a dorky thumbs up and went back to co-ordinating with Jack.
Gordon stepped closer and ran his hand over the bench that Dean had just finished. “You do good work.” he said, stepping even closer to Dean, who stepped back and reached for the broom, clearly uncomfortable.
“Not as such, no. If they happen to find me, I'm a dead man. But it'd draw too much attention to be actively lookin' for me. Sorento got lucky is all. Saw the opportunity to impress the old man. So, if you'll allow it, I'd like to stay.”
