Sherlock bowed his head. “No, sir.” He was such an idiot! He had given up an evening of serving John for the prospect of a quick wank.
The moment of first contact: eyes meeting, electric connection, inexplicable, amazing.
Sherlock
At last free from all restraint, Sherlock let himself come, his body spasming and his entrance clamping down on John's cock. “John!”
John leaned back in his chair and watched Sherlock, his hands resting on the arms of the chair. After a few minutes, he spoke. “You are brilliant. Amazing. I love to watch you work.”
John and Mary's laughter came from the kitchen, but it did nothing to soothe Sherlock's nerves. They were happy, celebrating the decision to have a second child with Sherlock as the father. For his part, he paced the living room of 221C, one arm crossed over his chest. The fingers of his right hand were tugging at his curls in a fretful manner.
The doctor laughed. “Of course I do you berk. I have for ages. I honestly thought you knew.”
John shrugged off his coat and tossed it on the sofa. He was much calmer than when he left. “What’s that? New case?”
Mary crumpled the letter in her fist and shoved it in her pocket. Pulling out her mobile, she dialled Mycroft. The moment he answered, she said, “They weren’t there. Where can we meet?”
Sherlock popped off John's cock and grinned up at him, though the doctor couldn't see him in the darkness. “That’s what you love about me,” he said cheekily.
You are the first thing I think about in the morning.
You are so naughty.
"Yeah, that's not what I'm getting at." John glanced at his lover. "It should be safe for Mary to get pregnant again. The cesarean scar should be good and strong. You know, we're not getting any younger, so it seems like we should go ahead and start trying for a brother or sister for Rosie."
John's face clouded over as he examined the other scant details. “Are you sure you should take the case, considering?” Even as he asked, he read the description of the assailant and noted that the crime had taken place in Sussex. Scott was a childhood friend of Sherlock, perhaps?
When we join, I feel  your body beneath me.
John had cuffed Sherlock’s wrists to the headboard using leather cuffs and the eyehooks placed there for just that purpose. He stepped back and looked at Sherlock with admiration. “Okay, pet. Just rest there whilst I get undressed.”
Sherlock started writhing on the cross, trying to bring his legs together protectively with no success.
“John!” Mary jumped up and gave him a hug. She was closely followed by Rosie.
John got up. “I’ll make coffee and toast. If you eat it all, we'll see what I can come up with.” He headed to the kitchen by way of the bathroom, where he performed his morning ablutions. As soon as he was done, Sherlock followed suit.
Mary nodded, though Mycroft couldn’t see her. “I’ll get Mrs. Hudson to watch Rosie.”
Thank you to
“Bloody hell!” Sherlock protested. It felt good. It burned like mad. It was so confusing, and he didn’t know how to process it.
At the same time, Sherlock sat up, smiling. “We’re fine!” he shouted loud enough to be heard on the other side of the door.
Mary appeared from the kitchen carrying Rosie. They both greeted him with smiles of their own. "What is it?" Mary asked, her tone full of curiosity.
“You're both freezing,” Mary observed. “Let’s get you into the car and we'll explain.”
Reaching for her phone, the very much former assassin dialled John. When he still didn’t answer, she tried Sherlock. When he too still failed to answer, she swore.
Mycroft glanced at his nails, then back up. “I simply eliminated an undesirable example of humanity.”
Doctor Dieter didn't take any offense. “Good. Can you feel how you're breathing shallowly?”
In the cab, John shoved Sherlock to the floor between his knees and, grasping a handful of curls, pulled Sherlock’s head into his lap and up against his erection. “Just because I’m incredibly aroused right now, don’t think for one moment that I’ve forgot how naughty you were back there.”
John removed his fingers, knowing Sherlock was ready. He lined himself up and impaled him with one thrust.
All your parts are kissable.
“How's that?” the detective asked before biting one of the toast slices in two.
John smiled back, content that Sherlock had learned his lesson. “You can relax now, boy. Let your arms rest.” As Sherlock shook the ache out of his arms, John said, “You really were incredible.” He tucked one hand behind Sherlock head and pulled him in for a kiss, intending to make it long and lingering. Instead it was short, very short indeed. John laughed at the bitter taste of soap. “Let's go brush our teeth.” He gave Sherlock a hand up and they went to the bathroom.
You are the most extraordinary creature I have ever known.
John wanted to offer to stay the night, but he thought it best to let his friend maintain as much control as possible. “Alright. But call if you need anything.” He gave the bed a pat as he stood to leave the room. In the doorway, the doctor paused. “I know you didn’t mean what you said. Before. I’m sorry I let it get to me.” With a sharp nod, he left the room. He didn’t go upstairs, though. Instead, he took up his prior place of vigil, his chair, now concerned that Sherlock would have another nightmare. He wanted to be nearby if he did.
You should feel treasured.
When Sherlock finally stopped playing, he put his instrument away then turned to face John. Seeing John resting peacefully touched Sherlock in an unexpected way. It had been so long since he had seen John relaxed. He felt like he had finally done something right for the first time in weeks.
From the time they had stepped out of the cab, Sherlock had been equal parts foolhardy, rude and absolutely brilliant. In addition, John’s suspicions had been proven correct. He'd been forced to kill a man to keep the reckless sub from doing something incredibly foolhardy. Now they were making their way to Sherlock’s flat. The sub almost seemed to be nearing drop, which was odd since he hadn't been in a scene. John supposed it was the after effects of the adrenaline rush. That being the case, he wasn't about to let Sherlock go home by himself.
Sitting in his chair, the doctor tried to read his novel, but couldn't get into it. Sighing, he set it aside. His eyes kept straying to the clock, counting the minutes Sherlock had been gone. He was ready for his friend to be back at Baker Street. He wanted to see how the detective was
I became your partner in solving crimes with unabashed glee.
His delightful high was wearing off. He didn’t relish a confrontation with John, though the man deserved it. He’d wait him out and refresh his supply after the doctor had gone to sleep and this time, he would buy enough to last him several days.
Pouring more lube into his hand, John slicked up his own throbbing cock almost lazily. He pumped it whilst watching Sherlock and, when the time was right, lifted Sherlock’s legs up over his shoulders. Lining himself up with Sherlock’s entrance, he pushed his considerably sized cock in with one long thrust, causing Sherlock to gasp as he was filled completely.
“No. Not like this.” He closed his eyes. “Sherlock's been through hell. He has a right to be angry. Not me.”
John nodded. “Then I’ll come.” He returned to making coffee and toast, quite aware of the relief that Sherlock exuded. Anything that he could do to make things easier for him, he would and gladly.
“Those are all fun options,” John quipped. “Any chance of us getting out of here?”
“Go fetch them.” As Sherlock left, John inspected the bed. It looked clean enough after the activities of the night before. He stripped the covers off the bed, leaving only the pillows and the bottom sheet.
“Thank you, Greg.” John couldn’t help smile at his sub. He was proud of Sherlock for apologising even if it hadn’t sounded completely sincere and had acted petulant by throwing himself down in the chair. He’d deal with that later after he gave him the appropriate amount of praise.
"I hardly know how I could be more involved," Sherlock replied, puzzled. "I was there for everything except Rosie's conception."
"Don't say it doesn't matter!" Sherlock shouted, his emotions taking another one eighty. He had looked up and his glare struck John full on.
Mary simply threw the wet dishcloth at Sherlock who side stepped it, letting it fall to the floor with a splat.
“It’s good to meet you. Why don't you both take a seat?” The psychiatrist sat and waited for them to get comfortable. “I have a good idea what has brought you here today based on what you, John, said when you made the appointment. For that reason, I have to ask. Sherlock, would you like John to leave the room?”
They both glanced towards the bay, seeing John clasping Sherlock's hand. The detective had turned his head to face John's. It was a positive sign.
My heart beats in time with yours.
"Oh," Mary said, awed, as realisation hit her. She reached up to wipe the tear away. She kissed it off her thumb. "I didn't see, not until now. John. John!" She called out, reaching over the detective to shake the doctor awake. "John. Tell Sherlock it's okay. Tell him now."
"We're glad you think so," Mary said, sweeping by him long enough to drop a kiss on his chrek.
Mycroft smirked, causing Lestrade to roll his eyes.
“Mary, to what do I owe the pleasure?” the government official asked.
"I knew you planned on being there on my behalf, but I never dreamt..." the detective hugged John to him so tightly that the doctor's ribs creaked.
Sherlock mouthed at his Dom’s zip, feeling just as aroused as John. “I’m sorry, sir,” he mumbled, pulling away briefly.
Greg opened the door to the small room to find Sherlock bound and gagged on the floor. The younger man had disappeared over two days before. He rushed into the room, and knelt by Sherlock, removing his gag. Sherlock didn’t speak, just lay there, unresponsive. The DI swore. “Sherlock, come on. Snap out of it.” When he still didn’t get a response, he worked the ropes binding his fellow sub's hands and feet loose.
John and Mary exchanged glances. It was the doctor who spoke up. "Sherlock how can you say any of that? Yes, some people find you off putting, but they don't know the real you. They don't know the you that has the biggest heart of anyone we know. You have become a perfect father. You love little Rosie more than anything in the world. You love us. You are wonderful, beautiful, gorgeous and brilliant."
Greg rolled his eyes, wishing his Dom didn’t have to be so dramatic.
“What does it look like?” Sherlock asked acidly. He kicked the table by his chair over, not caring that it hurt his foot.
"Of course," John said, his tone gentle. "Good night, babe."
The next morning, Sherlock woke much later than normal, having slept the remainder of the night dreamlessly. He lay there looking at the ceiling, feeling nothing short of relief. When he heard a snuffle, he turned his head to look at John who was still sleeping. John’s face was smashed into his pillow and drool was escaping the corner of his mouth. The image made Sherlock smile. He wished he dared to reach over and wrap an arm around him. There were so many things he wanted to do with John. It made him all the more determined to heal.
John pressed a kiss to Sherlock's lips. "See. You already know the answer to your concerns in your heart."
Mary entered from the kitchen. She smiled at the pair on the sofa. “No doubt about it, you’re a great father.” She sat down across from them. “These kids are going to be so lucky having you and John for dads.”
Sherlock, still chewing his lip, turned his gaze back to John. "And you, John. You don't think you'll suddenly be jealous at a later date? You won't hold this against me?"
Crossing back over to his boy, he tapped his lips. Sherlock obediently opened his mouth and the doctor pushed the ball gag in, buckling it in place. The sub's cock twitched in response, causing John to smile. “Good boy.”
The doctor barked a laugh. "Sherlock, I won't get jealous. I know exactly what this will mean to you. It's simply a practical means to a rather lovely end: another baby."
“Alright. But why bring John here to do that?” Doctor Dieter asked. “You could have told him what he needs to know at home where it’s more private.
Remarkable. How many times can I say it?
“What?” John asked, confused.
Sherlock had started mouthing at John's flies. “No.” He went back to work, trying to unfasten them with just his mouth.
Mycroft shook his head. “It doesn’t matter.”
“Because,” Mycroft took a deep breath, “I received one too. I am to provide you any aid you deem necessary if my brother and John are to be released.
“What exactly do you want,’ the doctor said, spreading Sherlock's shirt wide. “You can have anything.’
Sherlock
“Sherlock…” John began, but stopped at the glare his friend gave him. His left hand closed into a fist, but he gave no other sign of his increasing frustration.
John looked up after he had read those parts. “I would never come between you and your cases, Sherlock. I hope you know that.”
“No, stay,” Sherlock said as he enveloped John like an octopus.
Sherlock,
"It has to be different when the child is your own," the detective insisted.
No greater honor could have been granted me.
"John, do something. Make him talk," Mary demanded as she set the tray on the coffee table and set about pouring tea for all of them. "He's got himself worked up and tied into knots."
Something else that happened over the next few days was Sherlock coming up to John shyly and somewhat skittish. He would stand there for several moments, lean towards him and steal a chaste kiss, then dash away to do something entirely unrelated. Each time it happened, the doctor's heart hammered for several minutes, expecting his friend to go off the rails, but thankfully he never did.
“Yes, not only the chase, which I know you enjoyed, but the brainwork was satisfying as well.” Sherlock hesitated, but John was in a good mood and it seemed like the proper time to broach the subject. “Do you think Mary ever misses it?”
The detective hummed happily as he extracted John's cock from its confines. He didn’t give the doctor time to think. He swallowed him down, stroking his length with his tongue.
“Oh, no. I’m going to fuck you before you get to come.” He used his fingers to demonstrate his intentions.
John answered grimly. “Of course, yes. Enough for a lifetime. Far too much.”
Sherlock,
“So, will you?” the doctor asked.
"Jesus, sorry. Sorry." The doctor berated himself for ten times the idiot. "I just don't seem to be able to think. Sorry."
“It can wait until after we eat,” Mary told him pointedly.
Quietly, John said, “I want those things too, but it can't be rushed. You know, I'll wait as long as it takes to be with you.”
Slowly, Sherlock seemed to relax. He leant back against the headboard and let his eyes fall shut. His fear had faded to something manageable. Now his guilt was at the forefront of his thoughts. “John...” To his horror, he felt tears welling up in his eyes. He had cried far too much in recent weeks and he loathed it as much as he hated himself.
“Of course. We should have known something was up when you disappeared so early in the evening.” Mary went over and hugged Sherlock. “Don't ever change.” She gave him a kiss on the cheek, the picked up the dishcloth and tossed it into the sink. “I'll deal with that later.” With that, she left the kitchen.
“On the hour.”
With a sigh, John scrubbed at his face. He needed to go back to the flat and make sure Sherlock was alright. He never should have grabbed him like he had. Now he felt guilty – he had helped bring about Sherlock’s outburst.
I love it when it comes out in bed.
Inner John emptied the SIG into the door and kept firing, the bullets passing through it without showing signs of damage. A howling came from behind the door that was followed by silence. The silence stretched out for several long seconds. Finally Sherlock sagged and would have collapsed had inner John not caught him. Inner John lifted Sherlock into his arms and carried him to the sofa where he sat and held Sherlock until he had relaxed and drifted off to sleep. When Sherlock woke, he woke in the real world.
You corner me down alleys.
The doctor nodded. He waited until Rosie was happily splashing in the water, then cleared his throat. "You know, it's been a year since this beautiful girl was born."
You call yourself a sociopath. (Ridiculous!)
It didn’t matter that John would be angry at him for using, Sherlock reasoned. The doctor would be moving out anyway after what he had accused him of. He took off his coat and dropped it on the floor.
“I just get so... frustrated.” John clenched his left hand into a fist as he stared a hole into the opposite wall. He was well into his session with Ella and that had been the first real confession he had made.
You are brash and impulsive.
Doctor Dieter noted that the detective hadn't agreed to anything. Not yet. “I would like to prescribe you something for your anxiety. Two medications, actually. The first, you would take daily on a long term basis. The second would be something you would take only when you felt the imminent onslaught of a panic attack. It is, however, addictive, so I would ask you to use it only when absolutely necessary.”
When John came back downstairs he found Sherlock curled up on the sofa, clearly distraught. All thought of the appointment he had just made fled as he approached his friend slowly, trying not to upset him more. "May I sit down?" he asked gently. At the detective's small nod, John sat next to him. In moments, Sherlock had repositioned himself with his head on the doctor's shoulder, his face completely hidden.
Now, you have become my partner in life.
John writes Sherlock a 'song' of praise.
John,
With renewed confidence, he perched on his chair. He needed facts. He needed to access his memories to find them. Without allowing himself to overthink it, he delved into his Mind Palace.
John didn’t look much better, but he didn’t bother to hide his grin. “We'll come by in the morning, I promise, Greg. Right now, I definitely need to get this one home.” He gestured towards Sherlock with a tilt of his head.
Sherlock didn’t say anything, but followed John from the room, his confusion plain to see for anyone who happened to look his way. He didn’t understand why John had changed his mind about the apology.
Slowly, Sherlock stretched out his right leg until his shoe touched John's. "I made a fool of myself. Again." He shook his mop of curls and his hands trembled. "I don't know how you put up with me." The detective had made a one hundred and eighty degree turn from the defensive front he had put up at the Yard. Now he gave off a now too familiar air of defeat.
Seeing Mary’s choice of attire, the government official raised an eyebrow. “Have you decided to take the job, then?”
The clinic had called and asked John to come in. He had started to demure, but Sherlock had convinced him otherwise, arguing that the last few days showed he would be fine. Now the detective was alone in the flat. He couldn't get motivated to do anything, not with the strange numbness that enveloped him.
Sherlock sat up on the bed, one leg dangling off the edge, and looked at John. It should have hurt to see him standing there looking sick, but the artificial euphoria of the cocaine cushioned him from the pain. “Hello, John. You’ve come back to get your things. I’ll stay in here, out of your way. You won’t even know I’m here.” He stood up and tried to shut the door in his friend's face, but the doctor wouldn’t allow it.
Sherlock uncrossed his arms and let them fall to his sides, but he didn't really relax.
I whisper it into your ear and you blush.
Sherlock looked thoughtful. “I think I need to do this alone. It’s something...” He trailed off at a rare loss for words.
John looked up as he jabbed a finger at the laptop. "That one. I want to meet him." He stood again and headed for the door. "Sooner, rather than later, please."
“Happy birthday, John,” Sherlock said, his voice low and husky.
Greg moaned and pushed back. He was eager to have the plug removed and his Dom's cock inside him. “Please, sir. I need you.”
The detective read over it, raising and eyebrow at the new punishments, but didn’t voice any complaints. He took the pen and signed it, then gave the contract to John who did the same thing.
“I won't be able to sleep.”
You wind me up in the best ways possible.
John tried to follow him just once, but Sherlock rebuffed him so the doctor went back to bed. Each night after that he stayed in bed and stared at the ceiling, unable to get back to sleep.
Mycroft nodded his approval. “This Watson might be just what my brother needs. Of course, I shall have to interview him myself.”
“I have already tried that,” came the response.
Sherlock cut him off with a flower. “Don’t tell me revenge never solved anything. It it were you, you would feel the same way I do.”
“You know us too well, Lestrade.” Sherlock stepped away from John and tried to look professional, but his kiss swollen lips and the two spots of colour staining his cheeks ruined the effect.
The detective squealed delightfully, making John laugh. He did it again, then he concentrated on Sherlock's hole. He laved at it, enjoying how his boy squirmed. When he had loosened him up, he pulled back and grabbed a tube of lube, then squeezed a generous amount on his fingers. He was able to get two fingers easily into Sherlock's loosened hole. He quickly found his boy's prostate and ran his fingers over it, causing the detective to jolt and pull against the spreader bar.
John's brow wrinkled. “I don’t understand.”
Mary didn’t hesitate, she kicked in the door, pistol drawn. She immediately locked her gun sight on the room's sole occupant, a small, weaselly-looking man. He reached for his own gun.
“I thought you made a habit of ignoring any case that came by way of your brother,” Mary teased.
In the kitchen, the government official made tea for them and set it on a tray, adding a few of Sherlock's favourite biscuits. He brought the tray back into the living room and set it on the coffee table, then picked up his mug of tea and sat in John's chair. He had hoped for a traditional 'what do you want?' or a nice 'sod off', but neither one had been forthcoming. His brother's silent acceptance of his presence highly disturbed Mycroft.
As John selected a programme, he relaxed into the cushions. "Oh, I forgot to tell you. Your appointment is day after tomorrow at one. You're lucky. They had a cancellation." As soon as the words left his mouth, he felt his friend go stiff. "Sherlock?"
You ignore social conventions.
The detective looked puzzled. “I’m just breathing. Like always.”
Days were of darkness.
“Ta,” John told the government official.
“Who?”
They fought. They made up. They solved crimes. They revelled in their victories.
It was difficult not to laugh or show admiration for his sub's skill, but what Sherlock had done was wrong and he would have to be punished, but first... “Do you do that often?”
Sherlock groaned. He’d almost,
Sherlock cracked an eye open, looking at him. He snorted. “I can always buy more.” He should have got more earlier, but he had just wanted to get back to the flat as fast as possible. The way he currently felt, he wouldn’t have a problem going out to procure his next dose. John could have that one.
“Now tell me, which hand do you feel moving.”
“Yeah, stupid question,” John acknowledged, rubbing the back of his neck. “You should probably try to get some more sleep.” He started to stand.
The Dom set his mug of tea down on the side and stood to his full height, letting his dominance come to the forefront. “If you still want to, yes, but not like this. Go get paper and pen, then sit in your chair and wait on me.”
Sometimes I am at a loss for words, you are so intoxicating.
Thank you for being my love.
Sherlock grasped two handfuls of curly hair and pulled, his eyes squeezed shut. When he opened them, he was back in the real world, the doctor standing, worried, before him.
Sherlock looked deep into her eyes and saw a reflection of some of the restlessness he so often felt. “I could talk to John. My brother could use you on his team. Of course, leg work would be out of the question for now. John would never forgive me if I suggested it.”
"You think in your sleep, babe."
John turned back halfway, looking at Mark with a raised brow. "Why not?" There was an undercurrent to the situation that he didn't understand. "What's wrong with this sub?"
John stared in shock. He couldn’t believe Sherlock had actually apologised for something.
"But you haven't even met any of them. Here." Mark pulled the laptop over and pulled up three profiles: two women and a man. "Look at them, eager sub's all. I can arrange for a meeting with each of them. If you'll just..."
John stopped in the doorway, waiting for Sherlock to look at him. “Promise me-“
"Then we call first thing in the morning and set things in motion," John said. He kissed Sherlock on the lips. "Until then, do try not to worry."
With a roll of his eyes, Sherlock replied, "We did just celebrate her first birthday."
The doctor stepped in and closed the door behind him. “Thank you.” He crossed over and tangled his fingers in Sherlock’s curls. “I don’t believe it. When did you find the time to do all of this?”
From you curls to your eyes, there is no one like you.
“Because you don't love me.” The detective thought he had done an admirable job not sounding defeated.
After a few moments, the government official looked at his nails, then met Sherlock's eyes. "Be honest, baby brother. You already feel that way. Don't say no just because I'm the one who has suggested it. Do it for yourself. Do it for John." Mycroft stood. "If you would like a referral, I would be happy to give you one. It's up to you, now, Sherlock." He exited the flat, hoping against hope that he had done some good.
Mary wriggled her way free of the two of them. “I’ll go finish cooking. You two enjoy each other.”
Dearest one.
Mary shrugged as she sat down in a chair opposite the detective. She could sense Sherlock's nervousness and wanted to leave room for John to sit next to him. "In eight or nine days," she said in a matter of fact tone. "I'll be at my most fertile then.
When I say you're gorgeous, I speak not of your transport, my love, the fact of which I have yet to convince you. No, dearest, I speak of other things: your mind, your heart.
John squeezed his eyes shut as he thought rapidly. “You don't have to right now, not if you don’t want to.” He hoped he was saying the right thing.
I look into your beautiful eyes and see an infinity of futures stretching out before us.
John wanted to reach over and pat him on the knee, but he was sure it would be unwelcome, especially in Doctor Dieter's presence.
Let me fall into you and never return.
“Sherlock-“
"Half of this stuff is going up to B," Mary informed Sherlock. "The noisy half."
Love, John
“I’m hurt, Mycie. But to the point. You need a decent operative. One that is better than what you currently have in the Home Office. Mary needs something to keep her mind occupied. Do something about it.”
Sherlock extracted himself from her embrace and rescued the tea, depositing the bags in the bin. He added sugar to his and handed Mary her mug. “I'll find a case. I promise. But...” The detective hesitated. “I can’t help but wonder, do you ever get bored, Mary. Do you ever miss it?”
"Good night."
I kiss it onto your skin and you writhe.
"I'm fine!" the detective shouted at John, punctuating it with a glare. "Why wouldn't I be? I'm not fragile! You don't have to act as if I'm..."
Sherlock reached for John’s hand and the doctor took it. “That would be… good,” the detective said, “But I don't know if it's possible.”
On the day the detective reluctantly binned the liver in the special biohazard bin John insisted he use (the contents of which were to be returned to Molly), Sherlock stared at the ceiling from the sofa for an entire 15 minutes before announcing, "Bored!"
They started across the bullpen to Lestrade’s office, but as they got closer, Sherlock stopped. The DI could clearly be seen sitting on the edge of his desk talking to a man in a three piece suit with ginger hair. The detective did an about turn and headed back towards the lifts. John's strong hand on his upper are was all that stopped his retreat.
Sherlock had put Rosie to bed, then had escaped the quiet domesticity of 221C to go upstairs and escape into several experiments that he had been planning for quite some time. It was his way of giving them time to discuss his proposal about Mary’s future.
“Six,” Sherlock interrupted Doctor Dieter.
“Shower,” he grumbled and disappeared into the bathroom. With the doors to the small room safely locked, he stripped and stepped into the shower. He turned the water up as hot as he could stand it and stood in the stream, letting it wash the filth away.
There was no way that John was going to make Sherlock apologise in front of his brother. “Actually, we came in so Sherlock could give you his full statement regarding the serial killer case. We can come back later if this is a bad time.”
John ran his finger over Sherlock’s lips. “It's such a shame, really. You have such a beautiful mouth. It shouldn’t be used to insult people, especially your Dom.” Sherlock started to say something, but John shushed him. “No. I don’t want to hear a word.” John reached over and picked up the object that had been laying on the table and held it in Sherlock’s mouth. “Bite down on it and don’t let go until I tell you to.”
John grasped Sherlock’s cock and gave it a couple of pulls. “Come for me, pet.”
“Easy. Easy,” inner John said, holding his hands up and making a calming gesture. “It's just me.” He gestured with his head towards the door. “But that’s not.” He eased his hand towards the small of his back and pulled out his SIG. “He won’t get in here. I promise you. This is your safe place.”
“I have had enough of being separated when one of us is in hospital,” John said.
“Yes.”
“Oh, fuuuck. It's so good, sir. So good.” The DI had his palms pressed against the wall. He wanted desperately to reach down and stroke himself but daren’t. “You make me feel like I'm flying apart, sir. Please, sir, may I touch myself?”
Sherlock hailed a taxi and they both got in. John kept stealing glances at the sub, his curiosity burning. After a few minutes of silence, Sherlock stated, “Okay, you’ve got questions.”
On the way back to Baker Street from Ella's, John stopped in a small coffee shop to try and get his head around what they had discussed. She had offered to continue seeing him if that was what he wanted, but had suggested she refer him to a therapist that had more experienced treating rape trauma. He had accepted, hoping that he could learn more that might allow him to help Sherlock.
John walked in, kissed Mary, took the book out of Sherlock’s hand and kissed him. He tossed the book aside. “I’m sure I can get you a medical text about the whole thing, you git.” He ruffled the detective's curls affectionately as he and Mary exchanged knowing looks.
Mary snorted, “You weren’t the one that had to follow up on that. I did. And this is what happened...”
John Watson to Sherlock Holmes – Return to sender
“But I grew up!” Sherlock stalked over to his brother, his form menacing. “You should have told me. You should have made me remember. You should have locked him away so I could have him when I was older.”
“Why?” Sherlock asked. No matter how many times John said it, he didn’t quite believe it. He needed to hear it again.
John looked confused. “What?”
“I’m not with them,” Mycroft said. He covered the microphone on his phone and spoke to Jones who was covering for Anthea whilst she was on holiday, “Locate my brother and Doctor Watson. Now!” He uncovered the microphone. “When did you hear from them last?” he asked Mary.
John squeezed Sherlock's foot. “I’m right here with you.” He paused. “Go ahead and try the doorknob again.”
John nodded, though the detective couldn't see him. “Let’s try it again, this time with me beside you.”
It was hard and brutal, the pace John set. If the sub hadn’t been bound in place, he would have had to scramble for purchase on the table. As it was, he cried out in pleasure behind the gag. He would have been grateful for the gag if he had been capable of thought. It kept him from biting his lip whilst unsuccessfully trying to keep quiet.
You changed my life.
Each morning is welcomed, knowing you are here with me.
"No, silly goose," Mary teased. She looked from John to Sherlock. "We want you to be the father."
You should be kissed from head to toe, no spot left untouched.
“A fact of which I am already aware. Their abduction was captured on CCTV, but my people lost them.” The government official’s voice expressed his displeasure at the fact.
Greg struggled not to smile as he saw Sherlock’s ears turn red and he shifted in his seat. It was clear his young friend was very responsive to John even when his desires were in conflict with his Dom's. He didn’t look, but he was fairly certain that Sherlock was halfway hard from John's tone alone. “Thanks. Let’s get this over with then.”
That struck the Dom as unusually arrogant. This sub needed a firm hand. Still… “The police don’t consult amateurs.”
John toed off his shoes, then stood and made his way to Sherlock’s bedroom. The detective breathed a sigh of relief at not having ruined the plans for the night and followed him. After they each made a detour by the bathroom for their evening ablutions, they climbed into bed, the line of pillows separating the them. The detective snaked his hand beneath the pillows, sought out John's, and grasped it. The doctor smiled up at the ceiling and closed his eyes. It seemed they had come so far. Little did he know what lay in store.
“Since you’re here, perhaps you could both give your statements.” Lestrade crossed his fingers. It was just so damned hard getting Sherlock in to deal with the paperwork.
“I meant it.” Sherlock crouched down in front of John, ignoring the twinge in his leg. He reached out for John’s hand and took it. “I’ll do better.” He looked at where their fingers intertwined. “I promise.”
The doctor chuckled. After flicking off the fucking machine and setting it aside, he unfastened Sherlock from the table and led him to the cross where he bound him spread eagle.
“My job?! You are such a-“ The doctor tugged on Sherlock's curls. “Stop that!”
“Isn’t that rather… Well, it’s not exactly Sherlock’s normal thing.”
Mary went to her laptop. She had sewn trackers into the linings of both their coats. Pulling up the tracking app on her laptop, she tried to locate them both. Two dots lit up on the map. They were together, at least. She quickly ascertained that they were in an old warehouse. Mycroft, she thought.
Greg snorted. “Kidnap, you mean. Like you did me after I met your brother.”
Sherlock's eyes rolled back into his head and he let out a long, low moan of pleasure. The sound drew the doctor's attention and he walked around the table. Grasping a handful of curls, he pressed his boy's face against its padded surface. “Don’t come. You don’t have my permission.” He waited until he got a sound in affirmation, then he released his grip on the detective’s hair.
After they had both recovered, John removed the spreader, cuffs, and damp blindfold. He rolled Sherlock off of the damp spot, and cleaned him up with a damp flannel before seeing to himself.
In the waking hours, you make my dreams come true.
"Good, because I'm mad as hell."
On the other end of the sofa, the detective ducked his head, hiding his face against his bony knees. "I'm a burden on you. You shouldn't be spending your time worrying about me or trying to... to... fix me."
Doctor Dieter nodded. “That’s fine. I just had to make sure.” He leant back in his chair. “I can't help but notice that you're experiencing a great deal of anxiety. Before we talk about anything else, I want to start with the basics, help you get your body back under control.”
“John?” Sherlock asked weakly.
Taking his usual place on the sofa, he lifted his feet so John could sit with him. Once the doctor had sat, Sherlock placed his feet in John's lap.
The sub was grateful when John placed the spreader bar between his ankles and extended it so his legs were spread wide. Its presence made the arousal he was feeling spread throughout his body. It grew even stronger when the doctor attached his wrist cuffs to the spreader bar, forcing his arse up in the air.
His Mind Palace had always been a place of refuge for him in the past, but he had only visited it a handful of times since the events on the underground. Those few times, he had tried to ignore the slimy, odiferous debris that littered its halls, the memories that refused to be deleted or even filed away. Now, he wanted to reclaim his Mind Palace, not that that was something he had discussed with his therapist.
Never leave, for if you did, I would wither and die.
Just as Mary was putting her phone away, it rang. Her heart leapt into her throat, but before she could get her hopes up, she saw it was Mycroft.
The doctor was already kissing Sherlock when the rest of what Mary had said registered. He drew back. "What did you say?"
“It was ludicrously simple, once we knew where the emails originated,” the elder Holmes told them.
When the detective tried the doorknob, it refused to turn. He banged on the door with his left hand balled into a fist as he rattled the doorknob. “No. No!” With determination, he threw his full weight against the door. Mocking laughter came from the other side.
Donovan glared at Greg as she shut her computer down and gathered her things, then she stalked off.
Sherlock,
John laughed silently at that. If Sherlock treated everyone the way he had treated John he could understand why someone might take a dislike to him. If the man became his sub, something would have to be done about that.
I love your naughty side.
The detective rewarded him with a vague smile for his efforts. "Thank you, John," he said, wriggling his fingers.
Mary tittered a laugh. "Oh, I absolutely have no problem whatsoever having sex with someone as gorgeous as you are." She grew serious. "I was teasing, dear. I don't expect it to be anything more than a mechanical act between two very close friends. I absolutely don't mind."
Sherlock nodded frantically. “Yes, that. And my safe word is Sussex.”
The doctor sat in the chair across from them, curious what his wife had to tell them.
You are strong. I feel safe in your arms.
(See the end of the chapter for
I breathe in. I breathe out.
For his part, John stood in pleasantly shocked silence. He wandered into the kitchen, putting water on for tea. Despite everything, he counted the embrace as victory. It was nice to have one for a change.
Sherlock struggled to comply, but he lost the battle. It didn’t exactly feel good, whatever was happening to him, but he didn’t have to think in the darkness.
It once was dull and drab.
Mycroft greeted Williams, hand outstretched. “Your performance should have convinced anyone watching of your death.”
Finishing his coffee, John stood up and exited the shop. Despite the sunny sky, the day seemed gloomy. He couldn't remember the last time it had seemed otherwise. If the days felt so dark and oppressive to him, what must they feel like to Sherlock? How did his friend find the strength to continue on? John suddenly felt the urgent need to be back home where he could lay eyes on the detective. He started running and didn't stop until he reached Baker Street.
Sherlock took three of his ridiculously numerous pillows and built a wall down the middle of the bed, then he turned a pleading look to John. “Stay. Please.”
“Be nice,” the doctor admonished.
“Yes, sir. Please.” The detective's cock was straining against its confines already, arousal pooling in his groin. He watched as John reached for the cock cage. Maddeningly, he stopped just short of touching it.
“Are you alright?” John asked. He was unprepared for the eruption of venom that spewed forth from Sherlock's lips.
“Whatever.” The next words that came out of Sherlock’s mouth surprised even him. “Come with me to see Doctor Dieter again?”
When the detective woke over an hour later, he felt sore from the position he had slept in and physically a bit hung over from his panic attack, but now he felt strangely calm and at peace. He opened his eyes and, sitting up, took in the visage of John who looked concerned. "I didn't mean to fall asleep on you. How's your shoulder?" It had to be paining his friend.
When the detective finally came, he called out John's name and there was no artifice to it. He wanted his Dom's touch more than anything. His knees went weak and he slid down the door to a sitting position on the floor.
“One moment, boy, and I’ll remove those cuffs,” John panted.
“No, it certainly wasn't.” John urged the detective to sit up. “It's my turn.” He felt for Sherlock's flies, unfastening them in the dark. He bent to his task with as much enthusiasm as the detective had put into it
“Yes, I do.” John crowded in closer, breathing in Sherlock’s scent, now filled with submissive pheromones. “I also think your dossier is a load of bollocks. You're not a clerk. You'd never be satisfied with that. What do you do?”
Approaching his boy, John ran his hands over Sherlock’s chest, up over his shoulders and down his arms. “If I hadn’t enjoyed that show so much, I’d give you a spanking for your cheekiness. As it is, you may have to strip for me like that on a regular basis.”
“Are you his Dom?” one of the paramedics asked.
Sherlock had been pushed towards the head of the bed by John's enthusiasm and he didn’t think he had ever felt so gloriously full before in his life. “Yes, John. Yes!”
John took it. “It's still John, please.” He noted that Sherlock had already sat. When the handshake broke, he took a seat by Sherlock and Doctor Dieter sat in a chair across from them.
“I only need five minutes of your time.” John led his sub to the bathroom then into a stall. “Drop your trousers and your pants.”
John had walked three blocks with the box of case files when his phone rang. He set the box down out of pedestrian traffic and pulled his phone out of his pocket, half hoping the call was from Sherlock. Only half, because he was still angry and didn't want to shout at the man. The call, however, was from Mycroft. "What do you want?" the doctor asked brusquely.
The doctor reigned in his anger, barely. “And did you?” he asked, his voice restrained.
“But, sir, his wife should know.”
The doctor gave her a one-armed hug. “I know. I feel exactly the same way. We’ll get him back. I promise.”
The cab came to a stop, John in the detective’s lap. He shook his head, reorienting himself. Immediately, he noticed Sherlock’s pained expression. “Where are you hurt? How bad is it?”
“Mm. But will he let my brother push him around if he was pleased by so little?”
By the time he got back to 221, he was chilled. He fumbled the key, but finally got the street door opened. When he got upstairs to B, he was disappointed not to find Sherlock in the living room. John reminded himself it was for the best that his friend got some sleep. That was when he noticed the Belstaff in a pile on the floor.
Mary nodded to him, and then left. She was determined not to return without the rest if her family. She had worked too hard to allow someone to destroy what they had found with one another.
“I didn’t mean to fall asleep,” Sherlock said as he deliberately placed his hand on John's shoulder.
Sherlock frowned until finally he nodded slowly. "Alright, but how do we do this? I mean I understand the mechanics, but I'm gay."
When John had finished binding Sherlock’s wrists, he pulled the sub against him, wrapping his arms around him, and kissed his shoulder. He ran his lips in a line from one shoulder to the other, sucking and laving his way across. “Jesus, but you're beautiful.” He stepped away from Sherlock who whined at the loss of contact.
“Sherlock, stop this. You’ll only hurt yourself,” Inner John pleaded. “Sherlock,” he repeated and this time the detective heard it slightly out of sync with John’s lips.
“I didn’t send a car, nor did I know they were at the hospital.” He glared at Jones. The man was clearly incompetent. He should have been informed the moment Sherlock stepped through the door at A&E.
The doctor looked at his friend. Rather than looking defeated, Sherlock looked more like his old self than he had in ages. “Alright. What do you need me to do?”
“It is, if you work at it. Right now you're in fight or flight. I assume you know what that is.”
“You scared me,” John said, bringing Sherlock's hand up and kissed his knuckles.
The doctor offered him his hand and he took it. “Try to relax. I know it's difficult. Just concentrate on breathing.” He was about to say something more when Sherlock’s name was called.
Putting on his dressing gown, the doctor went into the kitchen and made a simple breakfast of toast and jam and fresh fruit. He made both of them coffee and sat down at the table to wait on his boy. When Sherlock appeared, John was pleased to see that his order had been followed and that the detective hadn't got dressed. Tossing a pillow at his feet, he waited for his boy to kneel on it.
"Sentiment," the detective said with an eyeroll.
Taking the hint, John extricated himself and stood beside her, drying the dishes and putting them away. “Seriously. Are you happy? I was talking to Sherlock and...”
“What hospital?” the paramedic asked.
When he took his hand away, John felt the loss keenly. He wished he could do more to support Sherlock.
The sub leant forward, pressing his face against John’s upper thigh. The room was thick with their mutual arousal. John grasped a handful of dark curls and tipped Sherlock’s head back. “You have too many clothes on,” he observed. Sherlock’s hand immediately went to remove his coat which had fanned out around him on the floor. The Dom brushed his hands away “No. Let me.” Undressing Sherlock was like opening a present, one that he had longed for all his life.
Removing his pet's gag, the doctor shoved two fingers into Sherlock’s mouth. He pressed down on his tongue. “I love my gift. It’s quite impressive. I want to use everything at once.” He grasped Sherlock's tongue and pulled. “Tell me, what do you like the best?” John released his boy's tongue.
“Yes. I can do this, John.”
All your parts are kissable.
Doing as the doctor instructed, he located a set of lock picks in his mind palace. He approached the door, his hand shaking. I can’t,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock looked at him, blinking. “B. Upstairs.” He thought John was the most handsome man he had ever seen and the doctor was a Dom. He wasn't the typical obnoxious type of Dom either, no, he was interesting. John had actually let him do what was necessary to solve the case.
Sherlock's tears continued to flow. He was being driven mad by pleasure. He felt like he was flying apart, his bonds the only thing keeping him together.
“Don’t make promises you can't keep,” the doctor cautioned, laughing. He kissed his boy, injecting all his love for him into it.
Sherlock’s eyebrow crawled towards his hairline. “John? John Watson?”
The more Greg moaned the harder Mycroft thrust. He made sure to strike his pet's prostate on each inward stroke and relished the way the sub clenched around him.
John appreciated that his friend was trying to help someone, but he felt more than uncomfortable with the situation. He sat down in his chair, saying “It still seems ill-timed to be looking into this right now.” At the glare he got from Sherlock, he held his hands up in mock defence. “Sorry. I worry. I can’t just turn it off. But I can see how important this is to you. Just tell me what I can do.”
John kissed the top of Sherlock’s head, it was the only part of him he could reach, and resigned himself to being used like a teddy bear for the next several hours. It wasn’t a bad prospect. Not at all.
“Sir, please. I need you. Please.”
“That's not happening,” John said, reading his mind. “You’re still being punished.”
Reluctantly, the sub did as ordered. Immediately John took a cock cage out of his pocket and fit it on Sherlock. After that, he took out an anal plug, lubed it generously and worked it into his sub's entrance. With a slap on Sherlock’s arse, he told him, “All done. Get dressed and back to work.”
I hold you tightly, letting you feel my presence, hoping it will wash away the pain.
Sherlock glared at him. “I'm going to see Mycroft.”
John let that soak in for a bit. He started to talk several times, but couldn't get any words out.
Huggasaurus
Stepping down from the coffee table, Sherlock repeated himself, “What. Did. You. Do?”
Sherlock knew exactly what effect he was having on his Dom. He grinned at him. “Are you sure, sir? I could take care of that problem you have.”
,” the doctor replied, “but you don’t have to.”
John went ahead and poured himself a cup of coffee and drank it. He smiled to himself, wondering what Sherlock was up to. He took his time, savouring the anticipation.
One quick diversion to the toy table, and the doctor returned with ankle cuffs and a short chain. John quickly spread the sub's legs and cuffed them to the legs of the table. He connected the chain to Sherlock ‘s collar and attached it to one of the hooks from the table.
Sherlock stared out the window of the taxi. The appointment with Doctor Dieter hadn't been what he had expected, not at all. He had thought the man would immediately try to get him to talk about the attack and he had been prepared to refuse to say anything. Instead he had got what seemed to be practical advice. He still wasn't sure about the meds, though.
“No, you don't. You keep those eyes open,” Greg barked.
Sherlock nodded the tiniest bit and Mary giggled then kissed his shoulder.
Mary gave a choked sob, then wiped at her eyes without breaking free of John’s embrace. “You really mean that?” she asked, looking into his eyes, then she answered her own question, “You do. You really do.” Mary kissed John, her cheeks damp from her tears.
John nodded and Mycroft slipped out the door.
“Stay awake, John. If I let you fall asleep, Mary will kill me.” He cringed at his wording. “Oops. Sorry.”
“I'll take that as a yes. And toast.”
Judging that Sherlock had had all that he could safely take, the Dom tossed the pinwheel on the bedside table. He picked up a couple of clover clamps and held them in his right hand. With his left hand, he grasped his boy’s cock and gave it a couple of strokes. The resulting sounds were broken and needy.
This time Sherlock's eyes flew open and he looked lost, like he wasn't completely there. It took several long seconds for his respiration to return to normal and for his eyes to clear of their lost haze. When they did, he looked at John, not understanding the expression he saw on his face. “John?”
John and Sherlock followed her into the living room and sat down on the sofa with John in the middle. They all three propped their feet up on the coffee table. Mary leaned on John’s left shoulder. Sherlock leaned on John’s right one. The didn’t bother with the telly.
Doctor Dieter sought to engage Sherlock’s intellect once again. “I image you know what serotonin is,” he commented.
He had taken to the streets, seeking out members of Sherlock's homeless network. Either they didn’t know where the detective was or they weren’t talking.
Sherlock pouted, but John kissed it away. They kissed and cuddled until they eventually fell asleep. Sweet dreams settled upon them both and stayed with them until the morning.
Soon, Sherlock was panting. He shouted out John's name and it echoed around the container. The doctor grinned around his mouthful, and then he had to pull off to giggle. “Do that again and someone may find us.”
Sherlock still stole away to shower several times a day and when he finally stopped moving for any amount of time, he always settled on the sofa, but now he faced outward so he could watch John putter about. It seemed his injuries were healing nicely, his leg and ribs being the last to heal, but John wasn't worried, those physical injuries only needed time.
John knew he shouldn’t be going along with the detective, but it felt good. He glanced in the direction of the dim light coming under the container door. They wouldn't be found anytime soon anyway, he reasoned. His fingers curled in Sherlock’s hair. “You are a bloody madman.”
When John shifted and his cock stroked over Sherlock’s prostate, he was rewarded by a non-verbal cry of ecstasy that could surely be heard by Mrs. Hudson downstairs. John grinned and pounded into him again, even harder, enjoying the way Sherlock writhed on his cock whilst making delightfully erotic sounds of appreciation.
The sub started pacing the small room. “Who’s on forensics?”
Greg looked down at the body. “What are the odds of that?”
"What? No! Of course not." The detective shifted uncomfortably. "It's just... the drugs. What if I can't. I might have a low sperm count or low motility. It's not like I ever expected to be anyone's biological father. It might not be possible at all." It was strange how something he hadn't considered before this very day had suddenly become so important to him. The thought that he might not be able to father their child threatened to overwhelm him. He was embarrassed to find his eyes were burning and his hands shook.
When Sherlock exited the shower, he used the door to his room. He considered putting on more pyjamas, but decided to don a suit instead. It would remove him one more step from the filth he had imagined on his skin. That was something he needed to talk to his counsellor about. The filthy feeling could hit him at any time and nearly drive him mad. He stared at himself in the mirror. Perhaps he would need to discuss his Mind Palace as well, loathe as he was to bring up the matter.
Once they were in the office, Doctor Dieter closed the door. “Doctor Watson. I’ve been hearing a lot about you.” He held out his hand for John to shake.
As the doctor stood, Mark called out, "Wait!" He exchanged glances with another matchmaker who shook her head. "Why not?" he mouthed at her silently. After all, what could it hurt? "There's one sub I didn't pull up from the listings."
“Jooohn,” the detective said, brokenly.
The detective blinked a few more times, looked about the room, then his eyes settled on John. Slowly, but not slowly enough to raise the Dom's ire, he began to undress. The first the to go was his Belstaff which he hung up in the cupboard. Sherlock slipped off his shoes and socks, then placed them under the chair that sat in the corner.
Sherlock complied.
When John arrived home, the scene that greeted him was filled with a low hum of excitement.
“I would have made him suffer!” Sherlock shouted.
The doctor laughed. "Lovely, that hair of yours is just right to me, but we're getting off topic. You are the only loving, caring, and, yes, gorgeous madman we want to be the father of our next child. How could we let all those wonderful genes fall by the wayside?"
Each day, I wake up and turn to look at you.
Together, the two men coaxed sounds of pleasure from Mary, finally bringing her to orgasm. When they were done, she lay still, her body completely relaxed.
The Dom bit down on Greg's shoulder and didn’t let go for a long time. It satisfied something deep inside him, knowing he was leaving a mark that would bruise. He also gripped his pet's hips tightly. They would bear the marks of his fingertips. He knew his sub relished these things as much as he did so indulged in them shamelessly.
“He's in hospital getting patched up. He was shot, remember?” It was a legitimate question. Sub-Shock tended to cause retrograde amnesia. “Mycroft sent word. John is going to be alright.”
As John sat there, he vacillated between sorrow for Sherlock and anger at the whole situation. He wanted to do something... hurt someone, but that ship had long sailed, there was no one left to hurt. After some time, he was pulled from his thoughts by a soft snore. Sherlock had somehow managed to fall asleep, a true sign of his exhaustion. Suddenly the doctor wanted to cry. He couldn't believe the trust his friend put in him and he silently vowed that he would do everything in his power to deserve that trust.
“And what would that have done to you, I wonder?” Mycroft met his brother's glare head on. “It would have destroyed you. It would have made you into a monster, no better than Bigelow.”
After another long silence, Mycroft asked, “What caused it? If you don’t mind telling me. I should like to know.”
Even as John comforted his friend, he felt as if he was being torn apart on the inside. He wanted to trust Sherlock’s promise, but couldn’t bring himself to do it. He needed to talk to someone desperately because he couldn’t hold everything in much longer, not even to spare Sherlock, but right then, he just had to get them through the night. Thank God he’d be seeing Ella tomorrow.
Sherlock moaned and writhed. He pulled at his bonds mindlessly. “John, John, John. Please. I need to. Please.” He felt himself start to float. He was going into subspace.
“Never! She loves us all too much. But I’m afraid she won’t be as... happy as she could be. You would give up case work for her, but you would miss it, John.” He let that sink in a few moments before he continued. “With your permission, I’d like to talk to Mycroft about getting her a position. No leg work. Something that would let her use her exceptional mind. Something that she could preferably do from home.”
Not wanting to return to Baker Street, he sought out refuge in one of his old bolt holes. He had a stash of blankets, so he wrapped up in them, shivering.
John took one look at him and knew something must have happened whilst he was at the clinic. His concern shot through the roof, but he tried not to let it show. "I'm glad to be home," he said as he shrugged off his coat. He hung it on the nearest hook, then sat down on the sofa, the opposite end from his flatmate. Toeing off his shoes, the doctor propped his feet up on the coffee table. "Is everything alright?" John asked casually.
Sherlock gazed out the window. “I don’t understand why.”
There was a padded table nearby that stood at just the right height for John. Seeing it, he dragged his boy over and onto it by the curls. As he pushed Sherlock down on it, he noticed a number of strategically placed hooks.
The doctor turned around and headed back to Baker Street. His head felt like it was about to explode and his heart ached, not just for himself, but for Sherlock as well. If only he had grabbed his wallet, he would have taken a cab back to the flat, but as it was, he was forced to walk.
Shared words.
John held Sherlock for several minutes until he heard the sub start snoring softly. He carefully shifted Sherlock off of him and to the side, where he gently unbuckled the belt from around his wrists and removed it. He took a few moments to look at Sherlock fondly. He would have cleaned him up, but he didn't want to disturb him further. Instead, he settled down behind him and wrapped his arm around him, falling to sleep himself.
Sherlock was hot and tight, far from ready for John's cock. Still, the intrusion of the single digit was delicious. He pushed back as much as he could, which wasn’t far, encouraging him to add another finger. To his delight, he got his wish. Those doctorly digits probed inside him, stroking him and stretching him before lightly stroking over his prostate. It felt good but it wasn’t enough. He whimpered and whined, wanting more. John gave him what he needed, adding a third finger and stroking over his prostate with more pressure.
Pulling the machine over, he positioned it just so and lubed the attached dildo. After one more adjustment of position that saw the tip of the dildo pressed into his boy, he turned the machine on.
Sherlock sighed. “Doctor Dieter is of the opinion that my nightmares will continue until I have faced what happened head-on.”
John’s eyebrows shot up. He had been warned to expect the unexpected, but he hadn't expected what appeared to be an outright challenge. “Sorry?”
“You served your country well in Afghanistan until you were shot and sent back here to London. Of course your therapist has diagnosed you with PTSD, but her diagnosis is happily rubbish. You have a reputation for your sexual prowess across three continents, but you’ve never been in a committed relationship,” here Mycroft’s eyes shifted to the collar his brother wore, “until now. And you have decided to seek employment in your chosen profession. I assure you, you will have no difficulties there.”
I do not wish to hurt you, but I must for your own good. Do not come to the flat for any reason. Do not phone, text, or write to me. Stay away. It is the best thing you can do for yourself.
I will relieve your concern. I am still clean, though the drugs call to me daily. I am, unfortunately still being monitored by all of our ‘friends’.
The doctor sighed. “I know you are. You always are.”
Lestrade had started calling Sherlock and John in on a regular basis, something that went a long way in and of itself to help Sherlock heal.
John smiled behind the paper he was reading. Never had his friend's child-like behaviour been so welcome as that petulant cry of boredom. It was another tiny step on a long journey towards normalcy. "Would you like me to call Greg and see if he has any cold cases for you?" the doctor asked, setting his paper aside. "I'm sure he's got some he'd be willing to let you take a look at."
The doctor felt like he was being taken apart and examined. The sensation was even stronger than when Sherlock had done it to him at their first meeting. John didn’t like it. Something about the man felt insufferably smug.
“Never again,” Sherlock promised, and he meant it. He gave John's hand a squeeze. “I am done with doing that.”
I have tried so many times to find the right words to say to you, but when I start to speak to you, I can't. My tongue gets tied. I am writing them down instead. Maybe this is better anyway.
John chose to walk most of the way home, taking the tube only a short portion of the journey. As he walked, he thought about how he would feel in Sherlock’s place. It was impossible to know, really. He wasn’t the one who had been raped. The closest thing he had experienced was how he had felt after he had been shot.
I worship you with gladness. My heart is near to bursting with rejoicing.
your back.”
They sat next to each other at the table and ate, Sherlock grasping John’s hand and holding it the entire time. It felt good to be doing so again. His other issues could just sod off.
The bullet holes in the wall,
“Just think about it. How would it make you feel if your roles were reversed? I’m not saying to leave him along for hours right away. Start small. Leave the flat for 15 minutes. Give him some space, John. See how he handles it.” The timer went off and Ella set her notebook aside. “I’m afraid that’s all the time we have for today. I’d like to see you next week.” They both stood. “And John, make sure he keeps seeing his counsellor.”
Sherlock lay in his bed feeling rather stunned. John's head rested on his left shoulder and Mary's rested on his right. He felt warm, loved, and surprisingly sated. The whole thing, having sex with Mary... and John, had been completely different than what he had expected. In fact, he had enjoyed it. He had even found himself aroused in the face of having sex with a woman, not just any woman, to be sure, but it had surprised him.
The Dom felt his cock getting hard as his desire ramped up a notch. “Like I said, we haven't talked about limits or safe words. Then there's punishments to discuss. But if you want a bit of light play, we can talk about the more serious stuff tomorrow.”
"Alright. Okay." John held his hands out in a placating manner. "I won't say it. It obviously matters to you. So..." The doctor fell quiet and waited for Sherlock to calm down.
Sherlock keened behind his gag and bit down on the ball, making his jaws ache. His cock was hard and aching, trapped between his stomach and the table. He desperately tried to rut against it, but wasn’t able to move enough for it to be satisfying. That made the intense pleasure his Dom was giving him all that much sweeter.
“Yes, but I feel the benefits outweigh the risks in this case.” The psychiatrist next addressed Sherlock. “Of course, this is all up to you. No one can force you to do anything.”
“All in good time.” The Dom shifted down the bed and bent to suck on Sherlock’s bollocks. The moment John pulled one of his boy’s balls into his mouth, the sub moaned wantonly. He shivered, tingles running up and down his spine. John played with his bollocks, sucking on each ball in turn, knowing what it did to Sherlock. Finally, he hovered above him for a moment before swallowing down the sub's cock.
You have placed it in my hands, and I will hold it with utmost care. Never will I let it come to harm. I will protect it with my very life.
“You know very well why I phoned,” Mary said, exasperated. “You should have told me you needed to talk to John and Sherlock.” Her stomach lurched at the ensuing silence.
Come the morning of the doctor's birthday, Sherlock left a note by the coffee maker, then slipped quietly down to C. He stripped, knelt in the centre of what used to be the living room, and waited. He knew he made a pretty picture where he was knelt and knew John would appreciate it.
Sherlock did as he was told, replaying the moment in his mind, grateful he hadn’t deleted something so inconsequential yet. The world is full of idiocy. Don’t add more to it, John. Ah. His words had been... unfortunate. Mindful of the grip John still had on his hair, Sherlock nodded carefully.
When they rang off, the former assassin fetched Rosie and her nappy bag, then went to knock on Mrs. Hudson's door.
Sherlock glared at him full force.
It is your heart that is your best feature. Do not claim not to possess it, for I see its influence in all that you have done and in all that you do.
Sherlock listened intently to the voice on his mobile, making the appropriate responses when necessary. All he wanted was for the woman to get to the point. When she did, he smiled broadly and rang off, not waiting for another word. His feet were already carrying him down the stairs to C. "John! Mary!" he yelled as he burst into the flat, still grinning.
“Tomorrow, I’ll need you to see if you can dig up anything on our suspect from that time period. I know our description is weak, but maybe we’ll get lucky.”
John rested his hand in Sherlock’s curls. “Like I said, he wasn't a very nice man.” He smoothed Sherlock’s hair back from his forehead. “Let’s move to the sofa, yeah? And you can rest your head in my lap,” the Dom suggested.
They put Sherlock on a stretcher, and then loaded him into the ambulance. Seeing Lestrade's worried expression, one of the paramedics said, “You’re family. Get in.”
“There's tea in the kitchen. It should still be hot and just the way you like it.” Sherlock unwound himself and set his feet on the floor. He stared at John as if he was the most interesting thing in the world.
Mary's phone pinged. Checking it, she saw that she had received another email from John and Sherlock's abductor. It congratulated her on her ‘kill’, then it went on to say, “If you want to see your partners alive, you will not take so long on the next target.”
When the doctor returned, his boy was already asleep. With a smile, John lay down beside him and cuddled him in his arms. He couldn’t imagine life without his beautiful boy. Thankfully, he didn’t have to.
The doctor looked into his boy's eyes. “If you come without permission, this will go right back on for a week.”
“Are you okay?” the former assassin asked, her voice full of concern.
“Or?” John prompted.
Reaching out, the detective placed his hand over John's, . “I
“Amazing. Absolutely extraordinary.” John wanted to strip Sherlock and take him on the spot, but he could tell the sub would be quite a bit of work. That was fine. He was determined to have him.
Doctor Dieter regarded Sherlock for a few moments before asking, “Is there a particular reason why?”
“I'm surprised it took this long,” Mary said, glad to see the two men were alright.
“Silly pet.”
Let me touch you. Let me please you.
Together, they entered the Yard, the detective taking the lead by necessity. He hadn’t complained even once about being forced to return the handcuffs or even about being forced to apologise. He seemed to still be riding on the high of having contracted with John.
I burst forth with giggles when I should be silent. I bubble over with mirth.
John sat across from Ella. Pleasantries had been exchanged and she had asked what had brought him back in for therapy. He knew that he had never truly opened up with her for his past sessions. He also knew this one was going to have to be different if he wanted to help Sherlock.
The doctor finally got around to calling Mary. “We’ve been in a small accident.”
Violin perched beneath your chin. Bow drawing forth music to make the spirit soar. Swaying. Silhouette against the window. An arrow to my heart.
“If I didn’t, we wouldn’t even be having these negotiations.”
Sherlock wasn’t really hungry, but John looked so hopeful, all he could do was say, “Of course.”
Sherlock returned with the handcuffs and offered them to his Dom.
I was instantly enchanted by the very existence of you.
“I was thinking,” Sherlock told him, “somewhere safe.” He took a step towards John. “It was all a muddle in my head. I had to figure out what it all means, not just to me, but to us.”
That, my love, is outrageous.
“Piss off’!” Sherlock said, smiling, before he turned to look out the window. He felt himself trying to get hard and he had to get that reaction under control before they reached their destination.
Enthused, Sherlock ran over to him and kissed him on the lips, causing the little girl to giggle. "The clinic called. I have a good sperm count and excellent motility."
"I don't 'put up with you.' You're not something or someone to be put up with. You're my best friend. You're my whatever you want to call us, boyfriends, partners. I'm not going to give up on you because you have a bad moment or two." John nudged Sherlock's shoe back with his own. He longed to move closer and hug him tight, but was fairly certain it wouldn't be welcome.
“Wanna see some more?”
John stroked his pet’s cock a few more times through his trousers, encouraging the arousing feeling to grow. “Of course, you weren’t very gracious about any of it.” The Dom pulled his hand away and rested it primly in his own lap.
After a few minutes, John released the buckles at Sherlock’s wrists, kissing each wrist tenderly. “I should clean us up.”
The detective snorted.
“Stay safe.” Mary just wanted them home so she could take care of them. She wasn’t sure which one would be the worst, John or Sherlock. They were both bad at being invalids.
You are my treasure.
You are so vibrant, filling my once gloomy world with color.
Before the boys got home, Rosie woke and made herself heard over the baby monitor. Mary went to get her and brought her back into the living room. Rosie wanted down immediately and went to her toys. Mary watched her with a smile on her face, then she got down on the floor and played with her.
The detective practically fell into his chair, the contract and pen on the table beside it. He licked his lips, enjoying the way John’s words made him feel. He was still amazed that he reacted in such a manner.
“That's complete bollocks,” John said, offering his hand, palm up. “I've forgotten about it. We can’t let it keep standing between us.” He wriggled his fingers. “Please.”
“Mm hm.” John looked at his brat sub with a critical eye. “For your punishment, you are going to finish what you started while I watch.”
Sherlock had fallen a few steps back, feeling sickened and wanting to flee from her attack. For his part, John had been stopped from striking Sally, officer or not, female or not, by the timely arrival of Lestrade.
Reclining on the bed, Sherlock relished the feeling of the high as it hit. Finally, finally, nothing hurt anymore. He didn’t feel hopeless or sullied. He felt alive. Why hadn’t he done this before?
Together, they went to the playroom where they spent an eventful evening.
Mrs. Hudson didn’t blink. She just took Rosie and the nappy bag. “Do be careful, dear,” she said, worry clear in her voice.
Sherlock shook his head in frustration. “No! I can’t. I always say the wrong thing!” He thought of the kisses that were no longer his because his Mind Palace had betrayed him and confused him with a riot of hateful emotions attached to the attack. He thought of his outburst and how he had hurt John. “I want him, but I can’t have him. I want to be with him. Last night, I had a nightmare about... it doesn’t matter. But John slept with me. We had to build a barrier of pillows so we wouldn’t accidentally touch in the night and trigger me! I should be over this by now!”
John woke alone in Sherlock’s bed. He immediately worried that his attentions which had been so welcome the night before were no longer seen as favourably in the light of day. He got out of bed and mentally prepared himself to face an angry Sherlock, then he left the bedroom in search of him.
Even though he was in trouble, he was still incredibly aroused because John's eyes were locked on him. Being watched by his Dom made him even harder and made him want to put on a show. He reached up with his free hand and traced the rope harness to his his nipples, pinching each one in turn. He writhed against the door, letting his head fall back against it and rock from side to side.
Watching the doctor come did more to improve Sherlock's condition more than all of the medicine he had been given. He snuggled close to John as the doctor recovered from his orgasm.
With a chuckle, John reached over and pulled his sub down onto his lap. Sherlock stayed stubbornly stiff whilst the Dom carded his fingers through his hair, but finally gave in, let out a long sigh and went languid.
John climbed off of his partner and reached for Sherlock’s arm. “It’s definitely broken.”
“Oi! Naughty!” The doctor sat up and gave his boy a slap on the thigh. That didn't slow down Sherlock who made a dash for the bathroom. John laughed. He felt so good, he wasn't in the mood to punish his boy. He had something else in mind for the morning. “Don’t get dressed or there will be consequences!” he called out.
John was surprised by Sherlock's quick and ready apology. So much so that his knees gave out and he dropped into his chair without ceremony. “You just apologised.” He winced at his own words, half expecting an exasperated, “Yes, John. Do keep up,” but it never came, a fact for which he was grateful.
Sherlock refused to meet the doctor's gaze. “Don't be ridiculous. I
Elegant Hugglie
The doctor smiled at him. “You’re welcome. Now kneel up straight.” John deftly used the rope to tie a harness around his boy. He made sure that it was snug, but wouldn't chafe. A portion of the rope encased Sherlock's bollocks but left his cock free. “Stand up. Tell me how it feels.”
Mycroft glanced at his brother, noting the large bruise on the side if his face. "Yes, I can see that. Walked into a wall, did you?"
I find you captivating.
The one and only truly outrageous thing about you is how you love me.
You are everything to me.
It sounded like hell to the sub. “I... I don’t like it, sir.”
You eviscerate with your words.
I know because you told me so in the darkness of the night.
You are treasured.
Mycroft allowed himself a thin smile. “Then allow me to offer my services. Whatever you require will be provided.”
“They better not find us before you finish or I will kill them,” the detective said, viciously.
When Sherlock came untouched, it was with John’s name on his lips. He kept repeating it like it was his one anchor to reality.
“I don’t know. Like being a father... only better,” Mary said, grinning. “Seriously, Sherlock, what do you mean?”
My biggest fear is that you have started using again. Tell me you haven't, please. You worked so hard to get clean, I don’t want imagine you throwing that away again.
Just as Lestrade was about to apologise to Sherlock for what had happened with Donovan, the detective spoke up, "John said you have some cold cases for me." Sherlock sat in a chair across the desk from the DI, determined to pretend like nothing had happened. He wouldn't let something that hateful excuse for a human being had said control him. He was above that.
The detective climbed onto the bed ignoring the mess and curled around his Dom. “I’m sorry. I'll never be naughty again.”
“Mm, yes, sir,” came Sherlock's dazed reply.
“Stop,” the former assassin ordered. “You know all about me so you know I won’t hesitate to kill you.”
“Impatient git,” John said fondly as he worked in a second finger. He scissored his fingers, stretching them, then he crooked them just so, causing Sherlock to cry out. The Dom just laughed and added a third finger, fucking his boy with them and being certain to hit his prostate on every other thrust.
“We're in hospital,” John objected.
“Alright. That’s something, at least.” John wiped his hand down his face. “You look horrible. Go get cleaned up, then we can talk.  It would give him a chance to gather himself. “I’ll let Mycroft know you’re safe.”
The detective waved to Mary to elucidate.
doing.
“You’re collecting the additional pension for being wounded in action,– of course you’ve got a therapist.” Sherlock smiled his fake smile. His deductions should put this Dom in his place.
“Please, sir. I can’t take this. Please, please, please, sir,” Sherlock begged, his head tossing from side to side.
Nights were of despair.
Sherlock came into the living room and went straight to stand beside the window.
"You would, too," John replied. So they were going to pretend that everything was fine. They'd been doing that since Sherlock's breakdown at the Yard. It made the doctor feel like he was walking on eggshells.
John,
Sherlock let out a piteous moan. “But, sir...” He had been good. He hadn’t called a single officer an idiot and he had been polite, well, his version of polite, to Lestrade. It wasn’t fair. The sub crossed his arms and his bottom lip popped out.
“Because I love you,” the doctor said simply.
“Love is a mystery that no one can solve. I just do.” John stood and crossed to stand by Sherlock. He reached out a hand hesitantly. “May I?” he asked.
You don't care who sees.
Now it is exciting.
“Don’t do anything with it. Not for now,” John told him. He felt raw, but he knew Sherlock felt worse. He didn’t know what to do to help. He wasn't sure there was anything he
“Of course, we can.” A small, relieved smile played across the doctor’s lips, showing his pleasure at being asked.
Try as he might, he couldn't form an accurate image of John. What if Mycroft was right and his friend was burning himself out trying to take care of him? That was completely unacceptable. He started rocking, unable to decide what to do.
The government official shuddered through his climax, burying his face in the nape of Greg's neck. Once he had ridden it out, he pulled gently out, bent to retrieve the glass butt plug, and seated it inside his pet. “Gregory, you were amazing,” he said, turning the DI around to face him. He kissed him ling and slow before pulling up his pet's trousers and fastening them. He took Greg's hand. “Shall we?”
“Sorry, sir.”
John threw back his head and laughed. “Oh, we’ll get there. I promise, you’ll have my cock inside you. I’ll pound you so hard it’ll feel like I’m splitting you open, but I promised to edge you first.”
The Dom bristled. “Very good.”
The kiss shot bright hot tingles through Sherlock, making his knees go weak. He would have fallen if John hadn’t caught him. Soon he found himself steered back towards the bedroom, his body crying out to be taken by his new Dom.
We lie together in bed. I hover over you. I call you dearest one. You blush and turn away.
Now you know better.
“I bumped my head, but not badly. I’ll be fine,” the doctor assured him. In truth, he thought he might have a minor concussion, but he didn’t want to worry Sherlock, not if he didn’t have to.
“They phoned from A&E just before they got in the car you sent.”
Lestrade didn’t hesitate. He climbed into the ambulance. He sat out of the way, watching at the paramedic started working on Sherlock. Soon, an IV had been started and medications administrated.
The doctor stood there a moment after Sherlock had left the room. “Sorry, Greg. You know how he is.”
I am privileged every day to watch you face the world.
“Of course not.” The detective stood and shoved his way past John. “I haven’t been and I won’t be until I find out what’s behind that door. I would have got in if it weren’t for you and your oh so touching concern. You hover and you... worry,” Sherlock spat, “but when I try to make real progress, you interfere.”
I never want you to feel the cold burning pain of being alone again.
“Slim,” Sherlock proclaimed. “Only about 24 people a year die by champagne cork. Still, boring.”
“I do too, you know… that,” Sherlock said.
Unbuttoning Sherlock’s shirt, the doctor spoke, “You are the most wonderful, amazing, beautiful man I have ever known. I would wait for you forever.’
“What else should I do? Forget about it?” the detective asked, his tone biting.
Sherlock knew John had been worried about him ever since their disastrous visit to New Scotland Yard. He couldn't bring himself to care. For the most part, the detective simply felt numb. Though, every now and again, he lashed out with caustic words. When that happened, Sherlock relished it because at least he was feeling something besides the numbness or the self loathing he had felt for so long.
“I don’t know, Sherlock.” The doctor shook his head. The idea made him incredibly nervous.
“But you want me to come,” John reiterated, seeking confirmation.
“God, yes it is.” He shivered at the loss of Sherlock's hot mouth on his cock.
Finally, it got to be too much. The bedroom inside his Mind Palace was almost ready to explode with sexual tension. The detective begged off, claiming he had to meet John, collected his samples and fled the morgue and Barts altogether. Hailing a cab, he flung himself into it and heaved a great sigh of relief. If he could just make it home, he could take care of his predicament before John got home and the doctor would never need to know.
“Yes! I get that he missed a lot of my last pregnancy, but I can’t take much more of this being coddled.” She wrapped her arms around the detective. “You've got to get him out of here for a few days.” Mary drew back and looked into his eyes. “Find a case. Any case. Please. I’m begging you.”
"Precisely." The corner of the doctor's mouth quirked up. "You're eyeballs deep in sentiment by now. You might as well stop pretending to scorn it." John stole another kiss, this time deepening it.
"My sperm is good!" Sherlock dashed over and kissed Mary on the cheek, then he swept Rosie from her arms and swung her around and around. It was strange being so happy about something he hadn't cared about just a few short weeks ago, but he was ecstatic. "We need to tell John."
“If you want me to continue, you’ll have to be my good boy. Can you do that?” John asked as he pressed the tip of one finger just inside Sherlock’s hole.
But...
Sherlock shook his head violently. He hadn’t called John an idiot. He had said the world was full of idiocy. That wasn’t the same thing at all. If he could only explain...
John smiled. “We mean to.” He snuggled up against her, the detective doing likewise on the other side.
"One more thing," Sherlock said, hope in his eyes. "Will you move in?"
“Jesus. They could find us any time. This is- is- Oh, fuck.” John let his head thud back against the metal wall of the container. “You are going to be the death of me.”
When the doctor woke sometime later, he had his face pressed against Sherlock's thigh and he had thrown an arm across his legs. He made a snuffling noise, then looked up at his boy and smiled. “Good morning.”
“See, Sherlock. Let yourself enjoy that victory. And look back. Have there been others?” Doctor Dieter asked. When Sherlock didn’t speak, John cleared his throat. “John?”
You move with grace, your movements flowing.
The detective threw himself down on the sofa down in 221C. Rosie immediately climbed on top of him. “Play!” she demanded. Sherlock made a fiercely grumpy face and picked her up. He held her high above him and flew her around like she was an aeroplane. She kicked and squealed all while he made aeroplane noises.
Sherlock kissed him back. This was much better. Now if he could just get John to take the blasted cock cage off...
“They're not all like this, I assure you,” the doctor said as he ran his fingers through Sherlock's curls.
“That’s it?” Sherlock asked. “We’re not going to talk about…”
People cite your way of speaking, acting, being as outrageous.
It is a privilege to be there beside you.
“There are three distinct possibilities. It could be someone trying to get us out of the way whilst they commit a crime, in which case we might be released eventually. It could be an enemy of Mycroft using us as leverage. Or...” He trailed off.
After falling back asleep, Sherlock woke in bed with John sprawled atop him. He felt pleasantly achy from their earlier activities. Though he enjoyed his current position, he knew he'd grow bored and hoped his Dom would wake soon. After some time had passed, the detective became impatient. He started squirming at random intervals in an attempt to wake John up.
"John..." Sherlock started.
The doctor didn’t like how Sherlock had acted. There was simply no way the detective could be taking things as easily as he seemed to be. John was so tired of all of this. He could only imagine how Sherlock must be feeling.
“Now turn around for me, boy, so I can put these cuffs on you.” When Sherlock did as asked, the Dom clicked the cuffs closed around his boy’s wrists. He settled his feet firmly on the floor. “Get over my lap then. You need to learn how naughty it is to pickpocket Lestrade.”
“We are not having sex while we wait to he rescued.” The doctor gave a small gasp when the button on his jeans came unfastened, but he didn’t push Sherlock away.
Sherlock swallowed hard. Now that he had said it, he realised that he truly wanted John there. “You know I hate repeating myself.”
"Stay right there. I'll make us some. I'll even open that pack of chocolate hobnobs for you. You can have as many as you want and I won't say a word." The doctor gave Sherlock's knee an absent pat then got up and went into the kitchen.
The detective nodded.
Rosie's one year birthday party had been a success. Mary and both the dads had been there, of course, along with Uncle Mycroft, Greg, Mrs. Hudson and Molly. Now all of the guests had left and there was nothing left to do but to clean the flat and the chocolate icing covered Rosie.
It is the world that is outrageous, for it does not appreciate you as it should.
My tender one. The one who hides behind a mask of cool indifference. My beloved. My heart aches for you.
"There was a case," John tried again, leading up to what had happened. "Sherlock went chasing after a suspect like he does and... it didn't go well." He closed his eyes and continued. "The man cornered him and... r-raped him." The doctor couldn't continue, his throat felt as though it had closed up on him. Out of the corner of his eye, he felt a single tear fall.
Knowing what he wanted, John slid over on the bed and lifted the covers. The detective slid in beside him, careful not to jostle the arm that had had a bullet lodged in it. John wrapped his good arm around his boy, grateful they were both alive to enjoy it.
The doctor gave a curt nod, then left Ella's office, his mind turning over everything that had been said.
“What happened recently, that must have triggered something.”
John was flabbergasted. “You’re going alone? Without me?”
“What the bloody hell is going on in here?!” John shouted as he stormed into the living room looking completely dishevelled, his hair standing up in spikes.
He didn't want to think about what had happened, let along talk about it with some stranger. Why had he succumbed to sentiment even if it was for John's sake? The doctor could leave anytime he chose and get away from the madness, from Sherlock, and he should. No sooner had the thought crossed his mind than he began to panic in earnest. He'd never make it without John.
“Oh, I’m a special kind of idiot,” the newly minted MI5 agent said, smiling.
"Sherlock, are you alright?" Mary asked in a worried tone as she brought a tea tray into the living room. "You look worried."
“Oh, but John,” Sherlock exclaimed, “there is a theft occurring, and it’s subtle. Subtle and cunning. Whoever is behind this is clever.”
Without stopping to think, he rushed towards his friend’s bedroom. John opened the door to find Sherlock sat upright in bed, his trembling hands covering his face. “Sherlock.”
You steal Lestrade's IDs.
I find you captivating.
Sherlock nodded. He let go of John’s legs, then crawled after him as he went to the sofa. The moment the Dom sat down, Sherlock placed his head in John’s lap. He breathed in deeply, savouring the scent of the older man. It made him feel less off balance and less in need of a hit (the only thing that had ever helped him before when he had felt so muddled).
Feet dragging, Sherlock headed to his bedroom and climbed into bed. He practiced his breathing as he called to mind his memories of the kisses he had once allowed himself to steal from John, the little kisses that he missed so much. It took quite some time, but Sherlock finally drifted off, the memory of their kisses following him into sleep.
“The emails Mary and Mycroft received after we were abducted,” Sherlock explained. “No doubt, Mary's skills at assassination were required by our abductors.”
Sherlock felt like he was falling apart. He had to get himself together before he faced John, no matter how long it took.
How can you look at me with such tenderness?
Wonderful doesn’t begin to describe you.
“He likely already knows,” Sherlock pointed out.
Mary was washing the dishes when John came up behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist. He kissed the side of her neck and rocked her side to side gently. “Are you happy?”
“Relatively. Sherlock broke his arm and I have a bit of a concussion.” John had said it lightly, trying not to worry her. It didn’t work.
You are loveable.
After several pumps of his overstimulated cock, the detective cried out, “I’m going to come, sir. Please. I need to come.”
“Mycroft,” Sherlock called out. “Thank you.”
“In prolonged depression, serotonin levels drop. One of the medications I want you to consider is an SSRI,” the psychiatrist told him. “SSRIs work by blocking the reabsorption of serotonin in the brain, making more serotonin available. In effect, it's simply providing you with more of what your brain needs to help you cope with your depression.”
Sherlock let the kiss go on for a bit, enjoying it, then he broke away. The way they were pressed together their erections bumped together. "As much as I'd like to have sex with you right now, I want to wait." He felt himself blush. "Just until after..."
You should be worshipped until you doubt it no more.
“Yes. Yes, it is.”
The detective kissed the tops of his bed partners' heads in turn. He tried to understand why his reaction to Mary had been so different to what it was with other women. As sentimental as it sounded, it had to be the love they shared: their love for John, for Rosie and even for each other. He had enjoyed their threesome, even if the point of it had been rather utilitarian. He thought that maybe... but, no they wouldn't want this again, not once the baby had been conceived. That was fine. He'd still have John.
“It turned out beneficial for all involved.” The Dom kissed Greg thoroughly, not stopping until they both had to come up for air.
Sherlock scoffed. “Of course I do.”
“No. I didn't,” Sherlock said, sounding stunned.
When Mary entered the warehouse. It was to find it empty. She searched it cautiously. After some time, she heard the sound of a mobile phone ringing. Cautiously, she moved towards the sound. On a table, she found Sherlock and John's mobiles. They lay atop a folded piece of paper. The former assassin had braced herself for exactly this situation, but she was disappointed nonetheless.
Sherlock sniffed. "She needs stimulation." He picked Rosie up and began stripping off her chocolate covered clothes. John had already drawn a bath in the kitchen sink. "You like my gifts, don't you, bee?" Sherlock asked the little girl who giggled with excitement. She knew a bath was coming and she loved bathtime.
“No, Mycroft,” the former assassin said, I am going to find my husband and Sherlock. After that, I am going to find whoever sent that email and deal with them.”
As soon as Sherlock had done so, John set about stretching his boy’s entrance. He worked one finger into him. “Tell me how it feels.”
“We're going to have a baby.”
“Yes, sir.” The detective didn’t need to be told twice. He fell to his hands and knees and made his way to the bedroom. Once there, he knelt up and placed his hands behind his head. He was determined to wait patiently and not get into further trouble.
“What I want... You want to know what I want? I want to forget about it all! I want this to stop!” Sherlock grasped the window sill, his knuckles going white. “I want to sleep through the night without nightmares! I want to be alright with being touched! I want to be able to have sex with you!”
. I thought it was devious in its simplicity.
Adjusting himself in his trousers, John nodded. “Alright. Yes.” He wandered over to the nearby table and looked at the variety of toys on offer. He selected a ball gag and a pair of handcuffs. He wanted to keep things simple. They could properly explore the dungeon’s potential later.
As Sherlock sat, he took out his phone which had buzzed. It was a message from Lestrade. He started to open it, but the former assassin kicked him under the table.
The Dom circled behind his boy and placed the cuffs on him. He ran his hands over Sherlock's shoulders, squeezing them once before he walked back around him.
The appointment at the fertility clinic had been simple. Both John and Mary had accompanied Sherlock and, after filling out what seemed like endless paperwork, the detective had been shown to a private room and given a sterile cup. After a few minutes of manual stimulation, he had deposited his specimen in said cup and left it for the lab technicians to retrieve.
“I've been having dreams...” He stopped talking and just stared ahead for a bit. When he began again, it was with a shaky voice. “I see flashes. Snippets. Red hair. Rough hands touching me. I don't like it and I try to get away, but I can't. That's it. That's all there is to it, but I know what happens next.” He met the doctor's eyes. “So...”
John felt like he had been slapped. “You do realise you just put me in with a rapist,” he said, his voice shaking with hurt and barely controlled wrath. He didn’t wait for a reply. He didn’t trust himself to keep calm. The doctor stalked to the door, slipped on his shoes and his coat and stormed out of the flat. It didn’t matter that he was wearing pyjamas. He had to get out of there before he did or said something he would regret later.
Sherlock's brow furrowed. “But I don’t want to. No. I don’t like it.” He twisted on the bed and whimpered. “No. Stop.” He whimpered again.
"Um, yeah, it's okay." John pinched the bridge of his nose between thumb and forefinger. "What's okay?" he finally asked, groggily, wondering what he had missed.
Your beauty, both physical and intellectual, overwhelmed me.
Sherlock, breathless from the kiss, fluttered his lashes, then he gave a very Sherlockian response. “I thought you wanted me to get dressed.”
Just then, Lestrade and his team burst onto the scene and took over, freeing John and Sherlock of their burden. The two men's eyes met and they burst into giggles. The chase may have been short, but it had been one of their more memorable ones. The chases that involved rooftops always were.
The sub nodded. “Yes, sir.” In fact, it was more than okay. Sherlock could feel his cock getting impossibly hard and his balls ached. He spread his legs a bit more, enjoying the novel sensation of such intense arousal.
Sherlock pouted up at his Dom, poised to argue, but John gave him
The doctor placed a hand carefully on Sherlock's feet. “Take your time.”
The sub cried out and tried to wrap his arms around John, forgetting for a moment that his arms were bound. He rocked beneath his Dom as thrust after thrust shifted him upwards on the bed. He heard nonsense words being spoken and realised he was the one speaking them. He felt like he would come apart under John's ministrations. All he could do was wrap one leg around him and hold on.
“I want this, John,” the detective said, his voice low and husky. “I think I’m ready.”
John pinched the bridge of his nose. “Couldn't she have just brought home the wrong person.” At Sherlock’s blank look he added, “You know, for a shag?”
He found the sub in the living room sat in the grey chair with his knees drawn up to his chest and his arms wrapped around his legs. Sherlock’s eyes had a far away look to them as if he was lost in thought.
“I would have enjoyed it too. Now I have to take care of myself.” The doctor rolled his bollocks around in his hand as he pumped his cock. He let his head fall back and his eyes grew half lidded in pleasure. “God, I wish my hand was your plush arse. It’s so tight and hot. I never get tired of fucking your arse. Jesus.” He increased the speed of his fist on his cock, pumping it furiously.
The detective turned his head towards the door at the sound of footsteps. A larger smile broke out across his face and, at the ensuing knock, he called, "Come in, John."
“That's not too bad. But your demeanour seems to belie that. You’re more tense than a six would indicate.” Doctor Dieter uncrossed his legs. “Take a few moments to simply breathe, then try to tell me why you’re so tense.” He suspected it was John’s presence, but he wanted to hear that from Sherlock himself.
"I'm fine." The detective kept pacing, the crinkle at the bridge of his nose betraying his concern. He couldn't shake the thoughts that had arisen in his mind.
“I will work on figuring out their location. Are you at the Home Office?” Mary headed to her laptop and opened it.
Feeling helpless, he sat in his chair, just staring into the middle distance. He kept hoping for his phone to ring, but it stayed stubbornly silent.
Sherlock might have deleted his own birthdate, but John's held a prominent position in his mind palace. For that reason, he had planned and schemed quietly, not drawing attention. Each day after John went to work, the detective disappeared into 221C. He worked on his project in secret, returning to B each day before John got home.
When John came back, Sherlock took his tea with thanks, then scooted closer to the doctor after he sat down. He didn't really want the hobnobs, but since John had gone to the trouble to bring them, he nibbled on them. Eventually he rested his head on his friend's shoulder once again, enjoying the brief moment of peace.
Next, the sub unfastened his trousers and bent to take them off along with his pants. He made certain that John had a good view of his arse. He shimmied them off and added them to the rest of the clothes on the chair, then stood facing his Dom with his hands behind his head.
I wanted to drink once more from your fount.
You must know by now that I feel the same. That’s why I must continue to say no.
Once dressed, the detective returned to the living room expecting to see their landlady sitting in John's chair. Instead, it was the man himself. Sherlock felt himself relax. He felt safer with John there and less like a child being babysat. “I'm glad you’re home,” he said simply. He meant it more than words could say.
“Alright,” Greg said cautiously as he set everything on the table. He looked from John who was sitting to the standing detective. “Then why are you here?”
“Just one more time pet, then you’re all mine.”
In wakefulness you move with lithe  grace. Your genius and your beauty are overwhelming. Swift thoughts. Bright smiles meant just for me. At all times breathtaking.
Lestrade cleared his throat. “Ahem. We’re still here.”
“Alright. I’ll see what I can plan before our next session,” Doctor Dieter promised, his curiosity piqued. “Time is up. Now remember. It may not feel like it, but you made some real progress today. You opened up not only to me, but finally directly to John. I want you to try to do that more. Practice communicating how you feel and what your needs are. Don’t make him guess.”
“You’re not meant to. That’s why it’s punishment. Now finish what you started.” The Dom looked pointedly at Sherlock's cock which was protruding, unbound, from the harness. “I won’t say it again.”
John gave a start at the clang coming from the container door. He wished he had his SIG with which to greet whoever was on the other side.
Trigger Warning: Drug use.
The DI shook his head. “He was shot earlier today. Nothing life-threatening, but still.” He shrugged.
John climbed in after him. “He was thinking about you. He knows how you get bored.”
Mycroft was waiting on her when the former assassin emerged. Dressed all in black, she was stuffing the SIG down the back of her trousers. Mary ran her hand over her belly, grateful that she could still fit in the clothes.
“Right.” John closed his fist around the vial and left the room, closing the door hard behind him. He wanted to scream, to hit something. He had thought Sherlock had been doing, not alright, but he had been making it day by day. It would be so much easier if he didn’t care, then he could walk away from the whole bloody mess, but John did care.
John jerked awake from where he had fallen asleep in his chair. He hadn’t wanted to sleep upstairs. That would have made it far too easy for Sherlock to sneak out of the flat to procure more cocaine.
The Dom asked it in such a firm, confident and commanding tone that Sherlock had to fight to keep from falling to his knees. He lifted his chin and tried to sound haughty. “I’m a consulting detective. Only one in the world. I invented the job.”
All your parts are kissable.
Sherlock snorted. “He is the British government, John. Don’t let him fool you.”
"It won't be when you end up in hospital over it." Without saying another word about it, John sat and began reading his paper. Eventually, he heard the satisfying sound of Sherlock eating and he allowed himself a small victory smile.
Sherlock’s eyes went wide and feral. He broke away from the doctor’s grip and shoved him back. “Don’t you dare touch me,” he hissed, voice dangerous and low. “What makes you think you have the right? All you want to do is paw at me. I can see it in your eyes when you think I’m not looking. You want to have sex with me just like him.”
John didn’t get his wish. It took another two hours before they were moved. John breathed a sigh of relief as he sank onto the hospital bed. He noticed that Sherlock was stood in the middle of the room, looking oddly undecided. “What?”
Sherlock fidgeted, drumming his fingers on his knees. “That was before it came with the prospect of working with you. You’re not the kind of idiot he normally expects me to liaise with.”
John laughed. “That will do quite nicely. Now sit!” There was no mistaking his last words for anything other than a command.
John and Mary looked at each other and burst out laughing at their ridiculous husband who only raised a single eyebrow in response.
Sherlock didn’t know what John had told Mrs Hudson to get her to sit with him. Obviously, she knew something was wrong, but he didn’t know the details. He was fairly certain she didn’t think drugs were involved because she didn’t have that particularly worried look she’d had about her when he used to get high. Whatever the doctor had said, it didn’t matter anyway. Sherlock had more important things to do than listen to her gossip so he didn’t pay her any attention.
“I want to help you. I want to be good enough to get you through...,” he waved his hand, “this.”
“Not a word, Sally. You don’t know what you’re talking about.” The DI was one of the few people who had actually been sat down and told about the Watson-Holmes family unit. It had taken him a few days to get his head around the concept, but once he had, he had been happy for the trio, especially Sherlock.
I see you blushing, but it is true.
It makes me gasp, unable to catch my breath.
The letter was short and to the point. There was a list of additional names, all of which were individuals that she was being directed to kill. Mycroft was to help arrange for each person on the list to be in specified venues where she could pick them off one by one.
“Absolutely soppy,” Mary agreed.
Once the sedan began moving, Mary started filling them in on the events of the last several hours. As she told the story, she was amazed that so much had happened in less than a day.
A silent introduction was made.
In short, they lived and they loved.
Mary looked so scared standing there with dishwater still dripping from her hands that John instinctively pulled her in for a hug. “I don’t want you putting yourself in danger.” He tightened his grip on her, holding her fiercely. “The kids need at least one if us to stay safe.” John could feel Mary nodding against his shoulder. “But if this is what you need, then you should do it.”
“I bet you do.” Lestrade shook his head. “Alright. Fine. Get out of here, the pair of you.”
The detective ignored him and continued outside where he stopped and stood in the rain. “Leave me alone, Mycroft. Don't have me followed.” With that, he walked into the night.
“Good. At least you understand your first mistake. I wonder if you can deduce the second.” John pointed at Sherlock’s arms which were dropping again.
Standing, the detective wrapped his arms around her. “Then that makes two of us,” he admitted. He kissed her on the cheek. “When is John due home?”
John lifted his chin. “What does that mean?”
“You both misunderstand me,” Mycroft said, sitting up straight. “There's nothing to solve.”
Of the beauty of your mind, you need no convincing. You know it is extraordinary, and I could speak of its intricacies for hours.
John bit his lip before responding, “Are you sure?”
"Greg, he was going to hit me!" Donovan shouted, surprised. She had always regarded John as a comic bumbler. She had no idea how dangerous he could be.
“No deducing her boyfriends,” John teased.”
There was John. Sherlock tried to pull up a recent mental picture in his mind of his... flatmate. That was all they were now, right? After all, he had stopped stealing fleeting kisses from John after the disastrous visit to the Yard. He was too broken for a relationship.
“Sherlock! Wake up!” John shouted from beside Sherlock’s bed. “You're having a nightmare.”
The sight of the detective crawling on all fours made John want to take him right there, but he restrained himself and followed him to the bedroom.
“I’ll try to make it interesting for him next time,” Lestrade assured him. “A bloody cork. Who would have thought?” He stood looking at the body as John followed after the consulting detective.
Thank you for being uniquely you.
Sherlock started chewing on his lip again, looking at Mary. She was a lovely woman and he did love her, though not like he loved John. If he could do this with anyone it would be her. "Mary you truly wouldn't mind having intercourse with me?"
"It's fine. I'm fine." John resisted the urge to reach up and massage said shoulder, but he did allow himself to stretch. He fully expected Sherlock to move away from him now that the detective was awake, but Sherlock remained seated close by, their thighs touching.
What he had said to John kept playing over and over in his mind. How could he have compared his friend to that man? He loathed himself. John would surely leave him now and he couldn’t face that.
The detective bit his lip as he ducked his head. Finally he gave a small nod, having made up his mind. “Yes, sir.” He stepped forward and pulled his hand out of his pocket, offering the handcuffs he had hidden there to Lestrade. “These are yours. I’m sorry I took them.”
“What offer was that?” the doctor asked, unable to get his brain to work properly.
"Well, you know your brother." John shrugged, then sat down, not caring about the debris in the alley. Now that he had seen Sherlock, his anger had flowed away, at least for the moment. It was difficult to be angry with someone who looked so vulnerable. Later, in the dead of the night, the anger would come back as it did so many nights and he wouldn't know what to do with it, but he would deal with that when it happened.
John stopped with them both beside Sherlock’s bed. “It’s a pity I don’t have my gear with me. I could do such lovely things to you.” The Dom parted Sherlock’s dressing gown and ran his hand down the length of his chest. “I have several ropes and cuffs at home to restrain you with, but I can make do, like we did last night.”
Despite the sub’s tone, John found himself impressed. “How can you possibly know about the drinking?”
I have to ask, are you taking care of yourself? Are you eating? Are you getting enough sleep? I worry about you. Sorry, I know you deplore repetition.
You are so naughty.
The Dom tweaked Sherlock’s left nipple, then watched it rise to a sharp peak. Next he ran the pinwheel over it, criss-crossing it several times. His boy’s chest rose up to meet the wicked device, greedily wanting to feel more of the pleasure/pain that it gave.
In the meantime, he had to find another way to advance his case. His memories were locked away too completely for him to access them through his Mind Palace. For the little bit, he contemplated the problem, going so far as to map out the minuscule bits of information he had on the wall over the sofa. Two hours later, the doctor finally returned, just as Sherlock had predicted. The detective was stood, waiting for him, in the middle of the room staring at the crime map.
John had gone out in the early hours of the morning and purchased an inexpensive collar for his sub. Sherlock deserved something so much better, something unique. He was going to find a position as a doctor at a local clinic and save his money for an appropriate collar for his sub. For now, the leather one would have to do. Sherlock seemed to be proud of it, anyway.
Sherlock shot him a glare, but there was no real heat in it. “You’re not pregnant.”
I will keep whispering, kissing and holding until you do.
Sherlock held out his hand. “There’s your brother. Your phone.” He accepted it from John. “It’s expensive, e-mail enabled, MP3 player, but you're an economical man, you wouldn’t waste money on this. It’s a gift, then.
The government official flipped Greg around and slammed him against the wall face first. “Don’t move.” He quickly reached around and unfastened his pet's trousers, then worked them down Greg's thighs along with his pants.
“I might even agree to work for my brother more if it means Mary is the one I liaise with.” Sherlock liked that prospect. He hated dealing with Mycroft’s minions, but Mary... that would actually be fun.
On the fifth night, Sherlock got out of bed after another one of his nightmares. He paused after he got out of bed. “John, is the offer still open?”
“You did that for me?” John asked in wonder. For Sherlock to have turned down cases for him... It was overwhelming. “Thank you.” He tipped his boy's head back, then bent down to kiss him. He delved deep into Sherlock’s mouth with his tongue, then nipped at his bottom lip before pulling away. “God, Sherlock. I want you. I want to fuck you so hard.”
“No,” Mycroft growled. “Keep your hands where they are.” He redoubled his efforts, driving himself dangerously close to orgasm. He had to still himself for a few moments and will himself back from the brink. “When you are filled with my come, I'm going to plug you back up; then we're going to move to the playroom for round two.”
The detective sat on the end of the sofa with his arms wrapped around his legs, his knees pulled up against his chest. It wasn’t his usual pose for entering his Mind Palace, but it felt safer, somehow.
Below me, you quiver and quake, shiver and shake.
Sherlock took a few moments to breathe and calm himself. When his knee finally stopped bouncing, he felt ready to begin. He turned his head slightly towards John, but not enough to face him. “There are things that John needs to know. Things...” He took a deep breath. “John doesn’t know how much he matters. He needs to know that.” With those words, his knee started bouncing again.
Soon, the detective had opened John with his fingers and had pressed his cock to the doctor's entrance. “Are you ready?” he asked.
John was amazed at how the sub seemed to need him and accept him. He wondered how long it would last. If it was up to him, it would last forever. Still, there were so many things they needed to talk about if this wasn't going to be a one off. The Dom sighed. That would obviously have to wait until tomorrow when Sherlock was more himself.
The doctor gave his lover's knee a reassuring pat. "Of course I would."
Doctor Dieter scribbled out the prescriptions on his pad and tore off the page, handing it to Sherlock. He glanced at the clock. “Our time’s up for today. I’d like to see you back in three days. Practice those exercises I gave you between now and then.” He stood up and opened the door.
The detective thought about that. When he spoke, his voice was strong. “It’s about more than just me,” Sherlock finally said. “What if he’s still out there? He could be abusing another child right this moment.” He sounded angry, no furious.
“Sherlock, I don’t take orders from you.”
That made complete sense. Mary's window of fertility would be narrowing and there was increased chance of complications with greater age of the mother. "That seems logical." Sherlock smiled. "Another baby will be nice."
The sub's lips pressed together into a thin line.
John lifted him gently in his arms and stood up. He turned around and placed him face down on the bed with his head turned to the side. “Don't move. I’ll be back.”
Sherlock, looking perplexed asked, “Tell you what?”
I am grateful to be with you.
The psychiatrist gave them a professional smile. ”I’m Doctor Dieter.” He held out his hand and John shook it.
All your parts are kissable.
“The engraving,” John acknowledged.
Swinging his legs around, the detective grasped John and held on tight. He was shaking uncontrollably.
"There's nothing wrong with him, precisely," Mark said as he pulled up said sub's profile. "He's just been... difficult to match." He gave a shrug.
“Mycroft,” the former assassin said urgently, “I received an email from the kidnapper.”
Sherlock set John's last letter aside. After several minutes, he picked up his violin and started playing. He looked out the window as he played, thinking about all that had passed over the last several years. Coming to a decision, he sent a single text:
The detective growled. “There's no ‘but’ to it.” He stalked into their bedroom and started to get dressed, his motions jerky.
“Of course he does. I’m not a complete imbecile.”
You were alone, seemingly happy to be that way.
“Strip, Sherlock.” John watched as a bit more awareness crept into his boy's eyes. He was pleased because he enjoyed Sherlock for who he was, not just as a pliant sub. He liked the fire and the challenge that was Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock bit his lip to keep from speaking out of turn, but he couldn’t stop his moans and groans. John didn’t seem to mind those, however. In fact, he seemed to be enjoying them very much.
In addition to that concern, Sherlock was finding it difficult to compartmentalise. Molly had a most fascinating corpse that she was letting him examine. Unfortunately, the harness he was wearing was arousing him beyond what he had expected. He had to take a moment and redirect all that sexual tension inward to the bedroom in his Mind Palace. Otherwise he would have ended up with an erection whilst standing over a corpse. That wouldn’t have done his reputation any good.
The doctor continued feeding Sherlock, lavishing attention on him. When the food was gone, he produced a purple rope and held it up in front of his boy.
“Then it will be your decision if we make adjustments or discontinue them altogether,” Doctor Dieter explained. “Although I would hope you would choose to do the former. All I ask is you try these medications for two weeks before you give up on them.”
The sub thought quickly. If he named a number that was too low, he’d only get himself into more trouble, but he didn’t want to name a number too high either. “Twenty, sir.”
Eventually, the time seemed right. John turned his head and looked pointedly down the alley. "It looks like our ride's here," he told his friend. "I, for one, am inclined to take it. I'm starting to get cold and I still have this box of files to take back to the flat." The doctor waited a moment, then asked, "You're not going to make me walk just because you're pissed off at your brother are you?"
Sherlock wanted to flee his Mind Palace, but he was locked in place by an overwhelming horror. When a hand touched his shoulder, he whipped around and cringed back.
I hold you in my arms and it's the truth, though you don't see it.
John laughed. "I believe that's what I said. I'll be right there with you both,
John was too tired to respond with anything other than a hum. It was fine. It was all fine.
When Sherlock burst into 221C a few days later, it was to find Mary on a new laptop. Next to it was a new mobile and a thick file. He grinned and threw himself down in a nearby chair. “I see you’ve been in contact with my brother.”
The doctor and Mary shared a glance. “So that’s the secret,” he said.
As soon as she said it, Mycroft was on the phone to Anthea. In moments, he heard Mary's phone ping as the footage arrived. All he had to do now was have his people trace the supposedly untraceable email.
“You better have found something,” she muttered under her breath. Slipping her gun into her waistband, she went in search of a cab.
Of course, Sherlock was too engrossed in the case to be bothered. John remedied that by walking up behind him and wrapping his arms around him. “Case?”
Sherlock shoved by him and stalked into the living room where he stood, dripping on the carpet. He turned and glared at Mycroft who had followed him. “You didn’t have the right!” the detective shouted.
So far, Sherlock had simply followed orders. Now, though, he stood to his full height. It was clear to see that he was fully himself again. He met John’s eyes with a mischievous grin, causing the doctor to smile back in anticipation.
Eyes drifting shut, the doctor was surprised when Sherlock's hand worked its way into his pyjama bottoms and pants and grasped his cock. “Sherlock-“
The detective heaved a deep sigh. “No. You're not.” Having it out there felt like an enormous relief.
“Look at me, boy!” John demanded. He had one hand on his bollocks and the other on his nipple. His tongue ran over his lip as he pleasured himself. “Oh, this feels so good. It would feel even better if it was your tongue licking me.”
“Please, sir, let me come. I need to come, sir. I need it so badly. I can only come for you, sir. Please. Please, please, please.”
Sherlock’s armour came back up immediately.
The detective looked at Mary questioningly. "Is that really how you both see me?"
“What about John?”
“Whatever it is, it’s fine.” They had things to talk about, but this wasn’t the moment for it. John was more than willing to wait until the morning to face that struggle.
"See! You've embarrassed me in front of Lestrade. Stop treating me like an invalid!" His face was twisted up in fury as he stood. "Don't follow me," Sherlock shot at John, then he stormed out of the office startling Greg.
Greg jerked his head towards the hallway. Mycroft took the hint. “We will take our leave of you now. Get some rest, the both of you.” Together, the government official and his sub left them to themselves.
“What?! No! I’m angry with the bastard that hurt him. I’m angry with myself that I can’t fix this for him. I’m angry that...” John shook his head, unable to continue.
John pulled the other chair close to the sub's so that their knees were almost touching. “Have you filled out any of the contract yet?” he asked, curious.
“You can,” John assured him. “I am with you.”
After John had made the call to Greg, he stood looking out the window onto Baker Street. Rather predictably, he could hear Sherlock in the shower. John knew that the calm that had surrounded them the last couple of days wouldn't last. All too soon something would happen that would trigger another panic attack or worse and he was no more equipped to deal with it now than he had been before. He took out his phone and placed a call, making an appointment to see Ella as he had meant to do days ago. Taking that step made him feel as if he had accomplished something, but the feeling didn't last long as there came a the sound of breaking glass from the bathroom.
With all my love, John
Williams shook the government official's hand. “I had motivation. I hope you catch whoever wants me dead soon.” He looked down at the red stain on his shirt. It clearly disconcerted him.
Sherlock thought about it then nodded. Immediately, John added the changes, then he marked his hard and soft limits as well as adding a few creative punishments of his own. When he was done, he handed the contract back to the sub for a final reading.
John was frantic. Sherlock had been missing for two days. Even Mycroft didn’t know where the detective was.
I spend every waking hour trying to make you feel it, to make you know it in your bones.
As Sherlock roused and it became evident that he was out of danger, the staff moved out of the bay and on to other patients.
I was saved by the whirlwind of your presence in those first few hours of our acquaintance.
The doctor calmly said, language, Sherlock. He would have gagged him again, but didn’t want to get Tiger Balm in his mouth and the stuff was hard to wash off. Instead, he kept working his boy's cock.
Trigger warning for past childhood sexual abuse.
“That's fine, but remember to put them on the specimen shelf in the fridge. I won't have them with the consumables.”
The doctor didn’t know whether to be relieved by that or concerned. He came down on the side of the latter.
Looking down at his left hand, now balled into a fist, John took a deep breath, then let it out slowly. "You've always been circumspect. You've never said anything outside of these sessions that I've told you..." He looked up and met her eyes directly. "Why I'm here... It can't leave this room. Not ever."
Anthea appeared in the doorway. “I would prefer you didn’t shoot,” she said, pressing the muzzle of the gun against the second man's head. “Raise your hands,” she ordered, taking his weapon as he complied.
Sherlock fetched a couple of the bottles of water they had found in the container. He sat back down by John and handed him one of the bottles. “If they don’t find us soon, I think I can keep us from dying of boredom.
“Let me, please,” the detective requested.
The sub rested his head against John’s shoulder. Though his arms were uncomfortable where they were bound behind him by John’s belt, he couldn't remember ever being so content. When the Dom wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s cock, the sub let out a low moan. It felt transcendent, just that simple touch. The part of him that had resisted taking a Dom for so long was completely quiet.
Wonderful. Now the detective was thinking about having sex with Mary. Sex. S. E. X. With a woman. He tried to imagine it and his very vivid imagination conjured her naked form before him. His erection didn't wilt, but he felt his heart flutter with nerves.
Mrs Hudson, who had studiously pretended not to be aware of Sherlock’s actions, rested her knitting on her lap. “Sherlock, dear, where are you going?”
You hide your heart away from the world, your gorgeous heart, afraid it will be damaged. I am privileged, my love, that you have shared it with me.
Sherlock could see that John was still upset, but at least his left hand wasn't clenching anymore. He sat down and took a sip of his tea and a bite of his toast, then he glanced up at the doctor. “I have come to the conclusion that it changes nothing, what happened with Bigelow.” He held out his hand when John started to speak. “That doesn’t mean I won’t speak with Doctor Dieter about it.”
Beside him, John rested his head against the seat. He just hoped Sherlock would keep his promise. If he didn't, the doctor didn’t know what he would do. The strain of dealing with his friend’s anxiety and depression was getting to John. He was starting to feel like he, too, was coming apart at the seams. Not to mention he missed the kisses they had shared before the setback. He felt guilty for that, but he missed the extra closeness. Sherlock let him hold his hand on occasion, but that was it. What John really wanted to do was hold him forever, protect him and never let him go. He dry washed his face and told himself to get over it, but it wasn't easy. His nerves were wearing thin.
“Mary's case,” the detective acknowledged absently.
Sherlock enjoyed experimenting with the liver Molly had given him for a couple of days. John couldn't help thinking of it more as playing, but he didn't mind since his friend seemed almost happy.
John cleaned up his boy with him still hanging on the cross, then he carefully got him down. He slung him over his shoulder in a fireman's carry and took him into the bedroom. Placing him on the bed, he rubbed arnica cream into the chaffed flesh where Sherlock had pulled at his bonds.
The government official read it and smiled grimly. “We have you.”
John gave his hand a squeeze. “Especially then.”
