“Yes?” he quickly answers, raising him and pulling a face when his shoulder leave the sofa, to join him.
John nods once before turning around and running up to the stairs. He's not cold, but he's not warm, either. It's doesn't matter that he's running naked in the common areas because what matters is the look of Sherlock, Sherlock's hands, what Sherlock is giving him at the moment. He pushes open the door of his bedroom without a lot of grace, invades the small room with his erratic breath and runs up to the bedside table which he opens, drawer after drawer, to find the blue box, the one that he hadn't put back on the shelf in the supermarket.
"I didn't really... think," he answers, turning around to catch an old newspaper in which he hides his small snub-nose.
"And especially because you were a junkie," John eventually admits, his jaw tight, because they never speak about that, never.
In the wetness of the kiss, their tongues are melting one against the other. Sherlock's fingers anchored on the doctor's jaw will leave marks for sure. He presses them against the hollow of the cheeks to keep John's mouth open, as if he's afraid that John will stop the kiss. The doctor's heart will soon break, it's a sure thing based on the knocks it gives against his rib cage, but the idea that his last breath could be pushed into Sherlock's mouth comforts him more than it frightens him.
"Especially because I what?" wonders the brown-haired man, kneeling right beside John, without worrying that some dust might tarnish his pants.
There is a few seconds of hesitation and John looks at them alternately, not sure that they're speaking about the same person, but when he sees the discreet smile of Sherlock, he explodes in laughter, followed by his two friends. They need to release the pressure and they do nothing to calm themselves, and when the detective decides it's time to go he goes back to the bedroom to get his coat. John starts tidying up the mess they've made and when he feels Lestrate entering in his turn, he understands it might not have been the best idea to let him do so:
The doctor jumps up on the spot and clenches his teeth to hold in an insult which could damage his superior's ego, but he cannot refrain from growling out:
Lestrade and both flatmates are finishing their coffee, which was the best decision to drink this morning. Steele waits for them in room n°7 and they're going to meet him quite slowly because, according to Lestrade, the financial engineer is innocent anyway and because the flatmates are much too tired to go faster. The DI leaves them to join the room behind the two-way mirror and they remove their jacket and coat before going into the wished room.
"No ring. Spinster," starts John, fixing on the hand of their target who is dancing in some oriental gestures.
Water runs loudly in the small room. It is already hot, and fog invades the mirror in which he scrutinizes himself.
The blond man alternately looks at his flatmate and the oldest woman, who sighs before stammering an uncertain:
, John wants to retort, but Sherlock's fingers have already closed on his thigh under the table, and no more sound can escape out of his mouth. The detective often touched his joint flatmate, to attract him in a corner to prevent him from being shot, to forbid him to drink a cup of tea into which he put bleach for an experiment, or to try to kiss him (
His eyes squint at the fine fingers while he answers the order and watches them sink into his mouth, which he moistens by reflex. It's not something that he thought of having in his mind in that particular moment, but John's thinking about the detective's violin right now. He's seen Sherlock, so many times, bringing it out of his case, propping it up against his chin and sliding his hand on the rough strings, between divine notes and morbid feline rustlings. It's not surprising that a man like Sherlock Holmes manages to bring out of an inanimate object so many feelings, and John is very well placed right now to know stuff like that. It's as if his flatmate's playing with him while he's invading his mouth in an
Softly, his eyes quit the scene and slid on the stalls made of first class seats. There's an old man with a trembling hand surrounding a cane, a woman a little bit further who hides her mobile blue-ish screen on which she's typing with her thumb. The further the seats are, the more they are filled - apparently the financial crisis does not only touch the detectives' assistant. He may have to turn his head on his right to admire the scene, however he and Sherlock are closer to the musicians than the people seated in the back of the room. After all, it's not that bad.
"We've known Mrs. Hudson for seven years, yes," the oldest one confides, smiling, and something in his eyes shows the doctor that he's particularly proud to be able to tell this anecdote. "Sherlock met her during his first case, he presented me to her and she immediately adopted us."
"Which means t-that," Benjamin begins to deduce, but he is stopped by Sherlock coming down from the sofa, approaching the improvised model with large steps.
His eyes open a few hours later. There's a really unpleasant breeze on the bottom of his back. He turns around and sees lying on his side, back to him, Sherlock without any blanket. He pulled it down to their knees and coldness comes back like a nasty slap on the doctor's face. He mumbles, fulminates against this couple issue even if they're not one, and with slowness, pulls back on the blanket. He barely sees anything, but the curtains aren't fully opaque, they let enough light in to help him realize the sleeping pill is gone.
The two men smile, the comfortable silence in which they feel at home wrapping them barely a second before Mrs. Hudson's piercing scream rings out from the small backyard, like a nail scratching a blackboard, making the hairs on their arms stand on end.
"... A guy who is getting ready to shoot," he pursues in a deafening voice. "Wait, Sherlock, it's a..."
"Clear," answered John, his head nodding with a military precision, getting up on his feet once the armband was off his arm.
John nods, closing his eyes, but when the pressure on his collarbone gets painful he knows what he has to do:
He moves in the room, puts the twentyish magazines he bought on the bedside table and greets Elisa with a smile before he kisses John on the lips. John open his eyes wide, for lack of opening his mouth instead. Sherlock kisses him for at least five seconds which seem to be five-too-many-seconds-given-the-fact-there-are-people-in-the-room-looking-at-them. When he draws back, John can see everyone is surprised. Everyone, except Sherlock. Of course.
The hallways are the same as in St. Bart’s. He thinks about Molly when he called her four days ago to tell her they had to urgently leave to identify Mycroft's body. He mainly thinks about Gregory, the one that called them. He thinks about the shaking hands when he gave them his car keys. He thinks -and he'll never get rid of this memory- about Sherlock's smug smile, who, placing his hands on his shoulders told him, “My brother isn't dead. This is a case like any other where we'll see the police were wrong, as always.”
, who is doing an amazing job, fixing all my French mistakes. She's the reason I can publish my stories, so, lots of love and thanks to her!
"According to the angle of incidence of the bullet, neither Sanchez nor Steele would have been able to hit Sherrer's skull, because he had his head turned up."
The doctor nods once and gets back on his feet, still too bewildered to dare to open his mouth. In the nameless mess which invades the kitchen, he loses his breath and patience one more time. He quickly fills the kettle he starts up and turns around towards the table that he tidies up briefly in search of the box of spiced tea they used the day before. Between the typewriter which is missing the vowels, the nut shells, and the photos of Sherrer's open skull, he recognises the black tip of an object which he hasn't seen for a long time.
"I beg your pardon?" asks the botanist, who leans forward to hear the detective better; with the loud music around them, it's so easy to get misunderstood.
The doctor opens his lips, ready to answer, but nothing comes out of it and he frowns when Sherlock resumes:
“I admire the symbolic,” Sherlock answers, looking all around them. “But of course, you are not hiding here since the beginning.”
John's eyes don't know where they're supposed to go. The landscape around them gives him vertigo. Mountains are endless, cliffs are disturbing. The green pastures mix with the cold and grey rock and he doesn't know if he's still on earth anymore. He already hates this island because he knows nothing will be as beautiful as this place. He hates this island because it makes him hate London, and yet, he loves London. They're driving along lakes, small and big, and he knows he could drown in one of them to be sure to never, ever leave this place.
“Plus, as Wednesday we had children who came to visit the Royal Observatory, they stamped a sprout imported from Greece even if I
jumping from one serious case to another, hitting where it hurts and instituting a climate of perpetual fear where it's getting harder to move forward. However, John is convinced there should be things in life that are impossible to put in doubt, or demonise; elements on which it should be inconceivable to make money by creating an irrational terror. Like a good old cup of tea, warm and sweet, without any shady preservatives. Or a Harry Potter movie, without any absurd scandal about which actors drink or smoke weed. Or a polo-neck jumper.
"Why?" asked Lestrade. He put his fists against his hips, his tired eyes filled with lack of sleep and caffeine already expiring -
"Why did you come here, Mycroft?" asks the youngest Holmes, raising his eyes to heaven, arms already crossed against his chest.
“What's wrong with you? You're sulking because I took the wheel? You were texting while driving on the highway, Sherlock. You can't blame me for making both of us stay alive.”
, let's be honest, he preferred that to exploding all guts out because of a fucking parka deflagration.
John Hamish Watson, of the 5th Northumberland Fusiliers, has always been perfectly in charge of his life, thank you very much. Late of the Army Medical Department, perfect son, flawless brother, the ex-soldier native of the north London suburb was all you could expect from a man: honest, courageous and reliable. In short, someone you could really rely on. The only real moments where his mind could get some rest for a few minutes was when he was getting away, his eyes closed, his hearing kept on alert by a melody in which he was losing himself.
This time they stop in front of the guardrail and Moriarty lets go off Holmes' arm. They're facing each other and Sherlock answers:
John raises his head and Sherlock still keeps his eyes fixed on him. He put his hands in front of his mouth and there's something painful in his gaze. It is with a voice of an imperial peace that Sherlock finally understands:
"She was at Molly's birthday," explains John a bit lost, eyes quickly passing from his flatmate to his friend.
John doesn't know where Sherlock is right now, but he truly hopes his friend had a sort of illumination to advance the case, because the pressure to find the killer is hard to handle. They read the report of the coroner again and it's clear the shooter was placed behind Sherrer because the bullet drilled through the back of his skull. The ballistics established a perimeter where the shooting could have been made. If it really turns out that Steele is innocent, that means they have already met the killer.
“Oh, I'm perfectly calm!” he shouts as if he's trying to wake up the dead - which is probably his goal.“He is
"I don't have any issue with... control," the ex-soldier feels obliged to say, not answering his flatmate.
“The fish aren't here yet; they're a week early,” retorts Sherlock while climbing up the wooden stairs, improvised by the locals.
The young man hesitated a moment, closing his eyes. His hand awkwardly tightening up on the gun, and his mind clearly full of questions, before Jim Moriarty stopped all of his interrogations:
John nods once and doesn't rekindle the conversation; a delighted Anderson is never a good sign for the detective and John chose his camp a long time ago. He stays still near the forensic and looks at the stage before the shrill voice starts again:
He hangs up with his thumb and puts the telephone delicately on his desk before leaning on his closed fists, murmuring raucously with a voice much more creepy than when he shouted:
John gives an outraged laugh (if the hoarse breath escaping from his throat can be considered a laugh) before putting the letter back in front of his face. As best he can, he ignores the sensation of having his shirt opened wide and the detective's hands sliding on his skin like Sherlock is cherishing porcelain that he is afraid to break. John breathes in and starts to read out loud:
John raises his hand heavy by the plaster and holds against him Sherlock's body. They're holding each other, kiss and murmur words without distinguishing the difference. Sherlock's lips kisse him like a soft rain. Each breathing which is reverberating on his skin murmurs to John's soul all this adoration that unites them, everything that made they become what they are together. Everything that Moriarty hasn't understood.
John jumps when he feels his phone vibrating in the front pocket of his jeans, and he pulls it out just enough to see a message from Lestrade asking him if he wants a car patrolling nearby to come and pick him up. He answers negatively before getting his jacket off the hook behind the door.
“So that's your problem then?! You don't want to go! Well, you know what, Sherlock? I don't wanna go either. I'd have loved to stay at Baker Street, I'd have loved that none of this ever happened. But what's done is done and we don't have a choice, do you understand? So, my
Steele has an enactment of a smile tinged with sadness, and while he approaches with languor the group of men, John has the naivety to believe for a few seconds that it's not a stupid story of papers. Sherlock and he aren't here for that and the situation is so inequitable that their voices are now stuffed by bitterness.
"He was following the conductor when the bullet drilled into his skull and exploded the parietal part of brain. The murderer was just next to you, you couldn't miss him. What happened on the row behind the stage during the concert?" barks Sherlock, tilted forward to Benjamin, both hands on the DI's desk.
It's been three years, why can't you move on? You're pissing me off me, do you hear me? You..." but the oldest stops all at once when his mobile vibrates on the table, in a ridiculous noise.
Sherlock stops a few steps after, seems to sigh by the sight of his shoulders going down, and turns around before getting closer to John. He harpoons with his gaze he barely wrinkle despite the luminosity.
"Sherlock's coming," John repeats at the question from Sheri, even though he doesn't have the slightest idea.
, Sherlock would find it all boring. They had discussed the idea of taking the train, but once they arrive the use of a car will be essential. Greg immediately offered his own, and none of them had the decency to pretend to politely refuse.
The secretary pushes a heavy door open and points with her index finger to one of the rare sedans parked at the bottom of the immense room.
!" John shouts with a crazy laugh and it's what definitively kinks the detective who roars through the room:
has ever been so penetrating, not even a .12 gauge slug. And John is very self-aware on that matter.
She smiles at him over her shoulder and they finally arrive at the end of the wished shelf where she recommends an almond paste not too expensive and sweeter than the others, according to her statements. John thanks her and asks her how her exams went, when someone arrives next to them, someone that the doctor wasn't really waiting for. Sherlock has his hands in his pockets and he's looking at them alternately with an unpleasant insistence. Jessica raises an eyebrow (the one where the blue ring bounces ceaselessly) and asks politely:
The forensic frowns, looks around him bewildered, and walks with a ridiculous speed up to the chair, before resting the end of his buttocks as if he was afraid it could catch fire.
"We asked for the names at the reception desk sir, we should have them in under 48 hours. And sir, the spectators who stayed are waiting outside to be interrogated, sir."
Why do men always feel obligated to think another man's gay if he doesn't like a woman with an oversized chest? John already dated women with short hair and a bust loose in an A cup bra. She remained a woman, and some of them were much more attractive to him than what the society imposes as a beauty ideal.
The brown-haired man looks at his flatmate for one second and stops tidying up his instrument, answering:
Sherlock raises an eyebrow and John mentally congratulates himself for at least once in his life achieving to surprise the detective. But the pride is short-lived when the face of the brown-haired man suddenly gets tense and his jaw squeezes. Sherlock looks
It's not possible it's really Sherlock but that doesn't prevent him from straightening his body, his two feet on the ground, the heel of the right one shaking unconsciously. In the video, there's only a bedroom which seems to be made with cardboard, and an ordinary brown-haired man who mimes waiting with the subtlety of a chain saw. The camera (trembling, don't they have at least a tripod to put it on?) turns around to a tall man, with crazy and dark brown hair, wrapped up in a long black coat. John knows the real coat by heart and he sighs, reassured, seeing that it's not the detective's. Sherlock Holmes could very probably play in a porn movie but he would
He turns his head towards his roommate and watches him from the corner of his eye. His gloved hands clenched around the steering wheel, his eyes fixed on the road where cars, honks, and reckless cyclists are quite a mess. He is already bored; John cannot say how, but he knows it. Sherlock would probably reprimand him to speculate without evidence. Nonetheless, he
"Wait, it has been seven years since you've been spending Christmas together?" demands John, who jumps on the opportunity to finally know more about this curious subject. "But Sherlock moved here a few weeks before me, right?"
"Everything, you do everything you want! You'll do anything you can so that everything revolves around you and only
Incidentally, she is waiting for him on the front steps. Arms open, she welcomes him in an embrace,  being careful of his injury, and warmly pecks him on the cheeks before leading him to the living-room on the first floor. She rages on and on about road hogs, since Lestrade told her that John got run over, surprised he didn’t stay longer at the hospital. But he hardly listens to her and asks, as he gazes towards the two empty armchairs by the fireplace:
If he should only speak in euphemism, John would say that the last three days in 221B were not very easy to manage. He would say that he thought boredom was Sherlock Holmes' worst enemy, but that's only because he never saw him walking along impatience. They barely exchanged five words and slept in their own bedrooms, even if their bodies touched more than once when meeting in the corridor or in front of the teapot. That was enough for John, who didn't want to add any more pressure on both of their lives.
Sherlock lowers his hand and fully sees the doctor's face. Pupils slightly flared, deep breaths, noisy swallowing, John Watson is embarrassed.
"Lestrade - concentrate - we are here to speak about Sherrer and it would be very impolite to speak about something else in this grieving room."
Letting his spirit ramble, he smiles, imagining the meeting between Harriet and Sherlock. Would she wonder, too, what a guy like Sherlock is doing with someone like himself? Not that they're a couple, of course, but the question would be warranted. Maybe his sister would manage to shut the detective's trap. How fun could it be, for once, to shut up...
Of course, at Keble School, where he spent his younger years, the young boy with the blond hair only held a musical recorder with a bad taste because he had chewed the plastic, with little interest, too many times. No piano with ebony and ivory keys where his hands got lost every time; no violin where his kind of chubby cheek - as too many times underlined by Timothy Fester - landed before squealing a clumsy melody, but oh so expressive. No partition of Chopin, Mozart or Respighi to sight-read between semiquaver and F-clef, but instead an umpteenth interpretation of Lennon's
Of course, there are handsome men- tall, mysterious, with blue scarves and ridiculous cheekbones who return a woman's heart in a snap of a sharp tongue, and then there are the others- small, timid and paunchy; those who are described as “nice” for want of “hot.” John is one of those. Nobody looks at him in the street, nobody blushes when he winks (they’d more likely ask if something itches him), but he is
"Right here..." answers a man, pointing out an empty seat right behind the body with, only a few centimeters away, a horn covered in blood.
As he had already done a thousand times before, John signs the prescription before giving it to the patient in front of him. The teenager carefully reads it and raises his red nose -from too much blowing- toward the older man:
John frowns and turns his head to his flatmate but bloody of course Sherlock hadn’t take his gun and hadn’t tell anyone, as usual, unless this time they're going to regret it, he knows it.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow, not really impressed by his friend's repartee, and lets him clink their drinks together - which has probably a great meaning for the doctor but which leaves impassible the detective - before they both bring their glasses to their lips.
They stay silent for at least five seconds, the time their mind need to put everything in order, and suddenly, they don’t have to pretend everything is fine anymore:
go to the places I had in mind before writing my chapters :D I just wanted to tell you, as I love including some realism in my stories.
John wants to ask what he is supposed to have accepted, but, like a snake, the left hand of the detective is now following his shoulder, the arm of which he's drawing the outline of the tense muscle, up to the wrist which he's surrounding with his thin fingers. John just has time to understand that Sherlock is taking his pulse, before the youngest murmurs:
wonders John. Would he just yell "Boring!" wildly, or would he plough into the first SUV to test the strength of their bumper during a frontal collision? Would he shut his eyes to study the probabilities of an accident for a thirty year old man momentarily blind? Would he jump right into the car and simply go to Scotland Yard and ask them for a case that would not require him to cross half of England? No, of course not, he is a reliable man.
Hi everyone! I'm back with a new project that I started 5 months ago. The story will be 22 chapters long and will be published both in French and in English (here and on FanFiction). It's a casefic, also focusing on the Sherlock and John's relationship. It takes place at the end of Season 1. The title is inspired by a quote from Hemingway "You're so brave and quiet, I forget you are suffering," and the story itself is mainly inspired by all the amazing work of
He climbs the stairs on the left and gets closer to the suspects. On the last row, he recognises Sanchez, even if her hair grew and if she's wearing more make-up than their first meeting. She's still as friendly as a prison door nevertheless, so John doesn't insist. He expects to see Steele next to her but the man is a bit lower, close to Sheri Walsh, whose frail hand is in his. She's still an undeniable beauty with her fair skin and her eyes of a warm brown. She sits on the front row, her legs crossed in a gesture of infinite sophistication. Beside her, there's her sister in whom adolescence seems to still be blossoming. Angie cut her hair (possibly by herself, given the fact it's really not well done). But of course, they're living in London so no once notices those kind of physical particularities. What John doesn't miss, however, is her position: arms crossed and her back turned to not look at her sister and Steele. John looks at them, of course he doesn't mind (it's not his sister who's dating a man who could be her father) and even if he can't say what it is, precisely, he knows something has changed. Is she pregnant? In any case, the complexion of her skin is magnificent. A baby would definitely help for the visa request - because even if Sherlock forged the prosecutor's letter, Lestrade didn't say a thing about a regularisation of his status. John approaches the false couple and smiles:
She still wears her beige coat, with visible sewings which are stuffed with fake fur, and her crazy hair is following the scarf she's taking off, because of the static electricity. It must be two years since they've last seen each other and it pleases the only man in the room so much, he can only wear a stupid smile on his face. He takes advantage when his sister's ex turns around to hang her coat on a hook and gives a look to Harriet, silently sending her the '
"Very well, we are about to begin..." Sherlock starts, quickly interrupted by Anderson's quavering voice.
In front of him, Sherlock seems to check John is okay from the tip of his eyelashes, before he lets go of his arm. Sherlock walks toward Moriarty who's leaning on the guardrail, looking at London. The sky is dressing itself with black coming from the East and on the buildings are reflecting the last sunbeams. It looks like the towers are in flames. It must pleases Moriarty.
. Lestrade doesn't speak any more either, he raises his eyes towards John, eyebrows so frowned they're making the wrinkles on his forehead more visible than ever. It takes him a few seconds of silence before concluding:
“Of course Sherlock has had affairs before m…  I mean he’s experienced. And you were living together. With all this stuff about Elisa, I realised that you two liked the same…
"You... mh... Are you alright?" John asks withou knowing if they should talk about it or pretend nothing happened.
"And... it is serious between them? Have they been seeing each other for a long time?" wonders John, without knowing really why, but Sherlock simply makes a movement with his shoulder. "Which means?"
Against all odds, no day following Christmas had ever been so warm. There's always a certain immediate melancholy after opening our presents, emptying wine bottles and embracing the family which we'll not see again for a while. A small thought of spoiled children, enlightened by the flame of a despondent candle, which makes us think "one more year before next Christmas". But no, not this time. Sitting at the kitchen table where slices of buttered toast are quietly waiting on a plate, John mindlessly smiles while slowly swirling his cup of tea, perfumed with cinnamon and ginger. In front of him there's the very approximate origami which Greg created with his paper towel, where glitter which Mrs. Hudson has sprinkled on is sparkling brightly . Baker Street isn't totally out of this festive spirit and this sort of cocoon which still smells like cookies and slowly dying chimney fire makes John drunk from a crazy need to enjoy every moment.
"Her partner must have used his hands, marks are more visible and deeper, otherwise she would have put on a simple foulard. That would explain why she got here late."
"All this time, all this time thinking about Sherrer..." Moriarty continues, pulling a face half-disgusted and half-disappointed. "While he was just an accessory... A game for you and me. You know that, don't you?"
Benjamin is crossing the door when he turns around towards Sherlock, to whom he addresses a tiny smile:
return (John scowls with irony with the mere mention of the word), and the meeting Mycroft-style in the abandoned factory.
The two men arrive on the lower floor and slalom against the tide between demented men and women who are pushing them without even seeing them. John is not quite sure why they're running at the root of the danger without even thinking about it - anyway, he doesn't have time to turning things over in his head. They finally arrive in front of the scene Sherlock climbs in a graceful gesture while John tries awkwardly to do the same, before coming closer to the musicians they're pushing back summarily.
And this time, he doesn't even read his message again before sending it. There is something so much simpler, when it comes to sending texts. It is easier for John to express things which he wouldn't even think in front of Sherlock. Unless it's a matter of courage, he isn't quite sure.
The detective straightens up, suddenly serious and apparently concentrating. He closes his case and takes a seat in front of his flatmate. He's not making his
The brown haired man made a vague gesture with his hand and walked towards the desk before John took care of the kettle. His temples were hurting him. His eyes were hurting him. Damn it, his
With an annoyed gesture, he pushes away the papers to make space on the coffee table of the small waiting room of the hospital's 7th floor and sighs heavily. There are C-08 forms everywhere, enough
He barely kisses him at first, because it's the first time John imposes a decision in their relationship and he knows that it's not the order of things. With their eyes open, as close as they are, they have to squint to look at one another. And Sherlock doesn't make them languish any longer while he catches a handful of fair hair which he pulls before taking the panting mouth with his tongue. Under their bodies, the scores crumple when their pelvises rub one to another. John's feet take support against the carpet and they don't even hear the grating of the creased photographs. John is concentrating too much to listen to the obscene groans Sherlock pushes into his mouth and Sherlock is much too occupied with doing all that he can to make sure that John lets go, again and again.
"I don't..." starts John, his cheeks as red as he's uncomfortable, but Sherlock doesn't seem to notice him as he's already turned his head to look at the young woman again.
"It is a new riding crop, I bought it this morning. And don't yell, John," the detective answers without making the effort to raise his head.
"Yes and you'll agree to make overtime. Isabella had to leave earlier to pick up her daughter or whatever. It's the last time I'm hiring a mother, I swear. Wake up now, everybody's waiting for you," Barrow curses, snapping his fingers like he is talking to a dog, before leaving the office with a heavy step.
, he would say. However, business is for the better since a few weeks ago. People still think that damn hat was his, but at least the murderers are more creative than before. Bodies are not as recognizable, fingerprints are truncated: the Game is on. But John seems stuck on this Christmas case. On this Woman.
Sherlock would have been a soldier - not a high-ranking officer, going by his not slender stature. John, a Captain, would have noticed him for sure, because a tall man with such beautiful eyes and improbable cheekbones would have never been able to walk around unnoticed. In Bastion, he met so many rude people that Sherlock and his aristocratic way of talking would have clashed, like a gold nugget in the middle of the mud. They would have seen each other only once, one evening when they met for a rendezvous in John's bedroom, after John had murmured to him how he could be found when meeting him in the canteen.
When John Watson looks at the horn player's body as it is put on the stretcher deployed for the occasion, he doesn't even let a heavy breath escape from his slightly open lips. For certain, he should have eatensomething before coming here, because his belly hurts from being empty, yet he's dreaming about a glass of scotch. Only one, to not be caught by the familial malediction.
, launches for the eighth time the animation and decides to change his wallpaper. He passes from the black and white landscape to the zoom of a green frog. Which is not particularly interesting.
"No, no, please, you've got the rest of your life," answered Sherlock, shaking the gun he had in his hand as if it was a simple Kleenex tissue without any danger.
What stands out when you set foot in the Royal Festival Hall for the first time is not the white lacquered ceiling, formed as waves which could have been cut by a knife. It's not the warm and yellow light which leaves little to the imagination. Neither is it the way the acoustics are conceived to wrap up most of the deafening noises to only highlight the purity of the best tuned instrument sound. What stands out when you enter the Royal Festival Hall is the smell of wood.
John smiles even if his landlady can't see him and plays with some crumbs on the table. The small laughter of his friend makes him raise his head.
They're looking at each other, Sherlock overhanging him with all his magnificent height, and in his body sunk in the seat which rocked him so many times, John feels his heart echoing like a wild animal in his cage made of bone, in the stitches of his pullover, in every fiber of his armchair. He doesn't use his mouth, because sometimes words are too much, vulgar, the sounds aggressive and interpretable. And John wants no artifice. He simply nods his head, and to move the muscles of his neck has never given him this strange and slightly addicting impression that he has jumped into space.
"No," he smiles, putting a hand on the guardrail, ready to take refuge on the first floor to hide from the remonstrance of this mother who's not even his.
"Madam Sanchez? I'm Sherlock Holmes and here's my assistant John Watson. We're here to ask you some questions concerning ..."
stress you out? Oh, that is the stupidest thing you've said this week. Come on, John, tell me what you're thinking about, so we can continue our research. And say it now because we still have one box to open. Tell me. Tell me.
Once again, sadly, I don't have a beta and English isn't my first language so I'm sorry for the mistakes.
Slowly, John and Sherlock turn their heads to the other and smile. It's official: at 10:04 am, at Scotland Yard's office, the Game is back on.
Because, yes, Sherlock Holmes is incapable of judging a hotel or B&B by its decoration, and even the receptionist’s clothing choice, but he knows more than anything the true strength of this place, the beauty of those mountains encircled by vast lakes as calm as they are gloomy. Everything else is so pointless.
"Craig Jennings," answers Sherlock, not impressed at all, standing next to the window, inspecting a rope of his violin.
"There is nothing between Elisa and I. I already told you, having a girlfriend is not really... my area."
"Ah, yeah," answers John, sadly amused by this stupid memory. "In training we had to learn to defend ourselves against an attack with a blade. There was this guy from Yorkshire, erh, James Pilton, I think, who had to play the aggressor. He was terrorised by the idea of really hurting me. I had to push him so that he agreed to participate. I wanted to play the wise guy by pretending I didn't know when he was going to attack but he actually surprised me. I flunked my defense and his weapon slipped. Fortunately, he wasn't holding it firmly enough to hurt me, but it was enough for me to be the laughing stock of the camp..."
They're surrounding her with a merciless tenderness and they take her far away from the eager gaze of representative people of a law they couldn't think more absurd. She's keeping her lips closed to refrain herself from roaring, and her cheeks are now tracked by tears that she wants the most murmuring possible. It's Sherlock who drags them up to the backstairs and, even if it smells like gasoline because it leads onto the parking lot, at least they aren't at risk of being seen by someone. Their hands release her before she sits down on a step where she curls up to hide her face of an impertinent sadness for a girl of her age. There are a few seconds of silence, heavy as their breaths, before a first shapeless lamentation urges John to kneel down in front of her, his hand finding the natural way back towards the shoulder he covers with all his kindness.
“I got shot,” he replies in an exaggerate obviousness, as if those things were only too common – but that is almost the case and his irony falls flat.
, and the other which is openly laughing at him all the way to his little finger raised by the very British education he received.
"Not yet. It's already hard enough to make her take paracetamol... She says medications are poison."
So now, here I am, discouraged by publishing in English on FanFiction. To put it in another way: I feel like a waitress, bringing some of you a meal that I made with all my heart, I see some of you eat it, then some of you leave, without saying anything (alright, most of you). And sadly, I can't do that anymore. So from now on I'll only publish on AO3 when it comes to English writings. I will at least finish So Brave, So Quiet, because the story needs an end.
Jennings shakes his head with difficulty by pushing his rag into his back pocket before leaning against the bonnet of the sedan.
Hands in his pockets, he slowly walks along the chairs of the first row. A few meters away, the pianist asks one of his colleagues for a handkerchief. They're all murmuring and that makes John smile, he who understands why they're not at ease. He can't really blame them, Sherlock is a specialist when it comes to embarrassment. And it's even more stupid as the detective isn't in the room.
"Nope. So, we meet with Lestrade at 10 at Sherrrer's place, okay, fine, always a great pleasure to search a dead man's house."
He's not sure if it’s a thousandth of a second or minutes that are pulling him apart by his brother's next sentence.
John nods clumsily while he unbuttons his shirt in gestures he would want to be less fragile. He doesn't wear a tank top now that the temperatures are acceptable and he doesn't have the stupid envy to hide behind fabrics and excuses anymore anyway. He dances from one knee to the other to remove his jeans and boxers and doesn't mind that he's not very graceful right now because there's something going on in this living-room that has stopped his blood from flowing to his brain anymore and has sent it down to his cock. And it's almost awkward that he's already this hard while nothing has really happened yet, but
"It is just that I did not have time to take care of it," Mycroft corrects, raising his nose in a haughty movement.
"It is clear that she did not tell her son because of his cardiac problems and as she is afraid that a mail or a phone call will give away the truth, she has been overprotective of him for the last few months."
There is no noise outside Lestrade's office, they are alone and between Sherlock and Benjamin, there are thick invisible clouds filled with very tangible flashes of lightning. Doris keeps her Olympian peace which John worships beyond words. It really is time to have a conversation with Sherlock concerning good manners.
“Give me two seconds to…” he heavily swallows. There’s a drop of sweat sliding along his neck and he gets ready to ask Sherlock for a pause when they hear a voice.
The silence which invades the kitchen of the first floor of 221B Baker Street is even thicker than the layer of formalin in which soaks the duchess of Montgormery's tongue, from the stolen diamonds case. John's eyebrows rise slowly, his mouth opens at the same rhythm, before he explodes with resounding laughter:
"I'm just saying that..." John begins but he doesn't have time to finish his sentence because his flatmate takes a gun out of his inside pocket, which he then puts in the middle of the musicians.
Sherlock doesn't comment those details. Instead he traces a path between the blond hair. John understands that even his skull must be strewn by wounds.
Sherlock's habitual sleep rhythm is not particularly interesting, but last night he's not sure he didn't turn clockwise tirelessly until he creased every inch of the sheets he was under and above. John seems to share this observation, and both of them losing time for something so pointless is an aberration.
. He leaves his steaming cup, takes three enormous steps and comes back in the living-room. In the entrance, Sherlock's looking at him, his eyes so wide open they seem ready to fall out of their orbits, arms a little tangled in the coat he was removing. Their gazes are connected, they're holding on, like two tightrope walkers on a thread at the edge of breaking. It's the first groan coming out of the computer's poor quality speakers that gives the kick-off.
More hot water on his fair hair covered with some cheap shampoo and John finally turns the creaking faucet off. Cursing the coldness which crawls like a snake on his wet skin, he skips outside the shower of the first floor and wraps himself in the towel he prepared on the edge of the sink. With a hand, he quickly removes the vapor on the small mirror and inspects himself - blurred, of course - before ruffling his hair with the towel. He heard Sherlock coming out of his room approximately ten minutes ago and now, according to the noises he hears at intervals, he can deduce the detective is in the kitchen.
"But that's okay," he begins again. "You should see the state of the flat where John and I are living, let me tell you, our landlady made copies of the deposit check."
"I know the law, thank you. And my answer is still no. I have no weapon, don't want to have a weapon, and I have nothing to do with this murder thing."
Five minutes is enough for them to reach number 4 Dean Bradley Street; the building which they enter is of neo-classic inspiration, nevertheless, completely recent. Leaned on the reception desk, John lets Sherlock present them to a young woman in a blue dress who tells them to follow her. She doesn't seem more surprised than that to see them and doesn't even bring out the traditional phony excuse of, "Mister Jennings is not available at the moment, may I take a message?" Maybe her boss expressly told her that she could bring him every person relative to the investigation, but the fact remains that this proof of accessibility shows the doctor that the lawyer is nicer than John thought.
The detective does a hazy gesture above his shoulder with his hand and pushes the swing doors by which he makes John goes before him.
The first forty-eight hours, no one is authorised to enter John's bedroom. There even are two policemen guarding his door. He knows it because he hears the nurses flirting with them before they enter the room. No one mentions it to him but he knows how this works. Of course only Sherlock couldn't care less about the instructions and he comes and goes in the bedroom. It amuses John (at least, when the morphine is not too strong so he's not dazed).
"Is she a friend, then?" asks John, a smile on his lips, very aware that the question will make his friend jump.
He goes back to his bedroom, but sticks his head in to hold Sherlock's attention before he disappears on his side.
"Of course. You know, John, what we do in these moments is to begin to open a door. It's nothing to open a door. Then, you can glance at the embrasure and, if what you see there pleases you, you can enter. The safeword is the certainty you can get out of it. Because what we do has a beginning and an end. It's a game. A
. It's strange, and also sad, to think he had to wait for thirty year to find what really makes him happy in life.
"Sherrer was a real connoisseur of Liszt. On the last thirty performances he gave, 87 % of them contained his airs...
Sherlock, standing on the sofa, takes his telephone out of his pocket. He strums on it before reading aloud his discoveries:
“But as I was telling Mrs. Hudson, there are renovation works at the observatory this week so you can’t visit it…” he adds, slightly confused by their reaction.
"I spent my life hearing that I was different, John, and if I learnt something, it's that it strictly means nothing. Everybody is different from others, I don't see that it has to change the way I should behave with him."
In front of him, there's Sherlock. He is already dressed for Christmas Eve with his black waisted suit and a shirt so dark it contrasts with his crystalline skin, poorly lit in this corridor where the lights are switched off. That doesn't prevent them from seeing each other's eyes. And that especially doesn't prevent the youngest one from figuring out that something is
"I had to see Sherrer's bedroom again!" the detective finally answers, struggling as much as he can.
John pinched his lips together from left to right, pouring the boiling water in two mismatched cups and answered, raising his voice to be heard by his friend:
Combat, John is used to it. He fought next to twenty-year-old young men, against an enemy who he had never quite seen the outlines of but whom he had smelt the blood of. He even grew up with an alcoholic father and a sister who was a fan of Madonna; for sure, John's familiar with battlefields. Still, today everything is harder than what he crossed in his life. Maybe it's the old age, the fatigue, or both combined, but his shoulders don't seem as solid as before. And the prospect is harrowing
It's exactly what he was going to say, so why did she pronounce it with so much disdain? Her eyelids are quickly closing, her lips are half-opened to breathe better, and it seems like she's slightly trembling under the anger.
They wouldn't have spoken a lot. Well, John doesn't think so. They would have left the lights off. Because John would have been the one in charge that evening. It's strange to think of that now, while he's looking at the wrist Sherlock had squeezed hard a few days ago. It's even stranger to think how much, before the incident, he would have acted like the Captain of the 5th Northumberland Fusiliers who he was.
Steele tightens and all the colour he has gotten back in his face is fading already. Oh, John hates these moments here - and they arrive at every case - it's like he's going through jet lag, as if Sherlock is in another time zone, because he understands everything in advance while John waits, slow on the uptake, to perceive only an inch of the truth. It reminds him of his childhood, when the Battermore in front of his house had a video-recorder while his parents didn't even want to emit the possibility of buying one. He clenches his teeth, looks more at Sherlock than at Steele (because it's clear that the information is going to arrive from his friend) and keeps his fists on his knees under the table.
"Well, I'd better go before he forgets me and we end up paying two taxis for nothing. Thank you again, Greg; see you tomorrow," smiled John. He shook the DI's hand with one last smile before running behind the £1100 coat he was seeing more often from the back that from the front.
John bought a hot-dog and some chips at the small restaurant from around there, and Sherlock's fingers never stopped stealing those pieces of overly salted potatoes. John always pretended not to see it. Sherlock liked it. He still has his hand full of salt when he takes his mobile out of his pocket. The vibration came from a text sent by Lestrade, but he only sees one thing.
"What about you, Sherlock, what did you do today?" John smiles as far as possible, determined to make this impossibly stubborn life still go on, whatever he might say.
"We are sorry... But we didn't come to speak about that. I know that you have already spoken to the police concerning the evening and that you had told them that you saw nothing, but the slightest detail can help us. Please, think carefully..."
Sherlock gets tense and John thinks it's a good moment to pull out his gun, to tell Moriarty he won't let him go this time, that this nuts will spend the rest of his days in a padded prison. Maybe Sherlock could also threaten him to pull the trigger, just a bit, just to try to make him understand what it's like to feel you might die. But Sherlock doesn't move and John doesn't even know if he took his gun.
He sprawls in the tepid sheets, sliding his fingers where Sherlock was still laying a few minutes ago. It's enough to make him smile.
"Why did you do it, Sherlock? You're incapable of consoling a father of whom we took the son and yet you feel sorry for a woman whom her husband cheats on?"
Sherlock has a satisfied smile and while he half-opens his lips, ready to start again, his telephone vibrates awkwardly against an empty cup of tea. He sighs through the nose, apparently highly frustrated to have been stopped in such a promising path, and bends backward to catch the mobile. He imposes it between their faces to read the message received and, over the detective's shoulder, John's looking at the scrolling without of course commenting on the fact that the movie didn't help but at least it entertained them.
John frowns but his look is automatically attracted by the vision of Mycroft smiling more than is reasonable.
"It is a big house in fact, with about ten rooms. They only take a few patients to be able to help them personally. I spoke to him and he has a bedroom for her. "
, and oh how John is falling right now. He has to leave earth, otherwise the impact would be fatal. He has to visit the moon, away from any gravity. He has to break the contact. But the skin is too soft and the gesture too evident. He lies back on his slide and lets the unwilling hand stay just where it is. His eyes close themselves and his sleep’s worth all the gold in the world.
button. The answer is not immediate, so he walks slowly in the cold, hums quietly by skipping on the spot to warm himself a little. When he returns to his sister's bedroom again, he will be obligated to switch off his cell phone because of the electronic waves. He doesn't really want to switch off his cell phone.
With a nod, he salutes his landlady, who goes down the creaking stairway and quickly separates envelops with his name and those intended for his flatmate. Noise from the back room makes him raise his nose; a glance at his watch and he stands up on his feet. Sherlock likes to drink his tea boiling hot, so the doctor fills the kettle. The familiar sound of the turned door handle and footsteps on the old parquet tells him his friend has just come out of his room and gone into the bathroom. He hears the sound of running water, imagines his friend washing his hands or putting a bit of cold water on his face, on this morning which is as hot as their tea. He's pretty proud he doesn't think about the awkwardness born between them the night before. Beer and deafening noise had to be the cause of John's embarrassment, but both of them are adults, so it's best to move on. John will no longer think of Elisa and it's as simple as that.
This time, it is all of Mycroft's body that tenses. His jaw tightens and John can see it through the thin skin that unveils the tension of his muscles. Of course he never had any confirmation, but by living with Sherlock Holmes, the art of deduction ended up making it's way to his brain, and he'd have been really blind to not understand Lestrade's interest in the detective: from Sherlock's way of saying that he always hated his sofa and the power of the world
"That Lestrade is the one who offered the collar to Elisa. You surely didn't think she put it on by herself, did you?"
"I said: is everything all right? You look exhausted. Both of you," Gregory repeats, putting both ordered coffees on his desk.
"No problem. And John, if it's the body of your flatmate you want to bury, your secret will be safe with me."
"I can understand, but I can't accept it. You're a good man, John, but look at you: you take care of your patients, your sister, your friends, your
John watches the long fingers squeezing the dark blue blanket in rhythm with Herrmann's music. Sherlock's joints are getting whiter under the effort and if he were able to put his hand on John's cock, the doctor could at least put his hand over his. But what Sherlock did to him in the evening after the party was sexual, undoubtedly. To take him by the hand, John isn't sure what that would mean.
!" insists the detective, every word louder than the previous one - and said with so much more passion that the blond man stops in his savouring to raise an eyebrow and the corner of his mouth.
is hiding from me. John, get dressed!" Sherlock exclaims suddenly, getting up and pushing away the cover enough so that John is exposed for two embarrassing seconds.
, he repeats to himself, but there's something about the detective that attracts him, as if gravity suddenly reversed before being materialized into his way-too-tall body. John hates physics.
Noon. Well, that hadn’t happened in a long time. No need to ask John; he’s ready to jump in the Auxhall Fiesta in a sec. Sherlock nods to make him enter his bedroom and leaves him there while he's getting dressed in the bathroom. To leave this well-proportioned bathtub is heartbreaking. So that's what mothers feel when they abandon their child.
"I forget Sherrer. I know the life of all these idiots but I don't even know the life of Philipp Sherrer."
“Sherlock called me last night to tell me you weren’t back. We called every hospital in the vicinity.”
John stands up and stands still, nude in the middle of his bedroom. He knows why his flatmate doesn't take a step forward, he knows that he's missing something that Sherlock's been waiting for from day one. And John doesn't have any more reasons to wait, either.
John's mouth closes but this time it's not lumpy to be filled with undefinable pain. Sherlock lies down against him, he's to tall, his body awkwardly curls up and he rests his hand on John's chest covered with the same blue sheet we can see in all the hospitals around the world.
"No! No, we weren't, we didn't - nothing, we did nothing," John corrects, hands busy buttoning his shirt.
Jim Moriarty is the ultimate maestro and his baton has the shape of a scythe. Sherlock has to react. Sherlock has to say something. John needs to hear his voice, again
“I know how to drive, John.” The detective's sentence is punctuated by the Ford Fiesta's thundering horn they nearly hit. Going through the red light was perhaps not a good idea.
It doesn't change much, but when he and Sherlock meet a fifty-year old woman in the stairwell, John has the reflex to smile at her and wish her a good day. She would have probably never noticed their existence, but when they're about to enter a dead man's place, John always has a renewal of absurd politeness. They arrive at the landing on which they walked for the first time months ago, and when Sherlock takes out of the pocket of his coat his equipment to force the lock, John asks:
The shared living-room was a good refuge, but the bridge tournament prevented Sherlock from falling all sprawled out on the grey sofa. He's out, on the ground, seated in the recently pruned grass. In front of him there's Skye. It didn't move, didn't change, and will never change. He thinks about all those hours spent on mounts, observing life beneath, all those days spent on rocky beaches, walking along before a neighbor took him back home. There never were many people, but enough to bother him. It's dark now and all he can see are those bright dots along the coast. Tomorrow, they'll be there, but nothing will change, Sherlock knows it. He inspires powerfully and lets himself fall backward. The grass is humid; his black coat mustn't like it. Pity.
John breathes in and slides his thumbs under the elastic. It's not more difficult than removing his tank top, finally. He contorts again and while he frees his half-erection, he has the reflex to raise his head and now, more than ever, Sherlock is looking at him straight in the eyes. He hangs on to it and gets rid of his underwear, which he forgets as soon as it touches the beige carpet, and puts his hands on the bed. There, he's naked while Sherlock is still dressed in his impeccable suit. He wonders how long the detective has been waiting for this situation.
When John wakes up from a nap as deep as the circles under his eyes, he drinks Mrs Hudson’s cold tea. She is downstairs baking a cake, even if he told her repeatedly that he wasn’t hungry, and Lestrade is sitting next to him on a chair he brought closer to him, reading a book he found in Sherlock’s library about the different sorts of inks.
John smiles, catches the jacket Sherlock throws at him from the lounge with his free hand, and shakes his head.
When he crosses Rosebery Avenue, he looks twice on each side before putting his feet on the crosswalk. He keeps his fists squeezed along his legs and never looks down. John Watson must always keep control.
He catches the empty envelope on which he wrote his accounts with a pencil and inhales through his nose. If he manages to combine the current case and his half-time at the clinic, he should be able to make it.
Stretched out on his uncomfortable bed, hands resting behind his neck, John's eyes fix a ceiling which is moving no more than he is. It's not even 8 o'clock but it's already so warm in this room which smells like sugar and almond, because Mrs. Hudson never took care of the bad ventilation between her kitchen and the rest of the building. However, he woke up ten minutes ago (unless it was half-an-hour ago?) to partially open the window overlooking the quiet street on this Friday morning.
"I went myself to hear the witnesses and to inspect the autopsy report: it is a real accident," Sherlock confirms in a nod.
Mycroft breathes in through his nose, hits the tip of his umbrella on the damaged concrete and grants, in a voice torn with an obvious fury:
at me. That was enough to raise doubts. Maybe she knew Steele was going to marry her sister to make his citizenship application. She wanted to save time."
do it," he answered, his smile even more dangerous than his gun, betraying his incomprehensible face to Sherlock's gesture, before he came by to take the pots out of his hands. "Which one do you want?"
Because nobody touches Sherlock Holmes. Whether using a red dot dancing on his forehead or a manicured hand. John pricks up his ear and realizes he can hear him through the wall. He doesn't hear the exact words but he understands that he speaks. No answer. Sherlock’s talking on the phone. Lestrade perhaps? No matter what the two men say, they do care for each other.
In less than four days, John is certain everyone in London came to visit him. First, Gregory and Elisa, then Mrs. Hudson and her scones that Sherlock and John gave to the nurses. The next day, Molly came and she stayed all day. They talked about travelling and sports. Andy came by barely thirty minutes, not long enough so that John could understand why Molly is attracted to him.
Two cops bring each a chair which they put next to the suspect and to the doctor, before the newcomers take their places. Sheri immediately makes a tender movement toward her sister, but Angie avoids her gesture with a sulky appearance. Well, John fell for it hook, line and sinker.
“No, I’m fine. It’s just…” he begins, but shakes his head, unable to find a word to explain the situation.
“Do you want me to drive?” hastens to ask the doctor whose fantasies made him dizzy with a furious need to recite his Hail Mary and Our Father in a loop.
The detective nods his head once and puts his fingers one against the other in a posture typically Holmes. They say nothing more but this silence here, the one that they are living in, which has a particular sweetness; there is a heat in it which John's questions seem to find their answers.
His eyes, as bright as his genius is dark, land on the doctor against the only drawer of the room. He sighs, gets up, his hands becoming fists, and swings on his feet.
to get my son back. He don't feel good with her, y' know? Eleonora, she shouts all the time and since she started datin' her cook, she takes even less care of Tim. He has to stay in remedial courses till 19 hours even though she don't work, and I told the judge that I could take care of Tim at the end of school, my boss agrees, but the judge said no. She had a better lawyer than me. They said I were stupid and that I wouldn't know how to take care of the kid. I want to show 'em that I'm not dumb. This is why I looked for a job here. Mister Stanford, he's kind and even if I'll never have the money to pay him, I want to do a good job for him so that he'll agree to help to get Tim back."
It's not a conversation any more. It's a sanctuary where the words seem to bow before the altar which looks like the thing that John loves more than anything in the world: his will. Because he hasn't dreamt it, Sherlock has really asked him a question - even
They spend an infinite time taking out and reading all of the scores. They wear a smile every time they read the name of Liszt, which is definitively recurring, and they think about Benjamin. John hopes that Sherlock will thank him for his help. There is no doubt he will thank him himself.
John's stomach squeezes up at the mention of the word that has haunted him since the visit to Sherrer's place. He smiles to hold back flowery insults that he learned so well from Lestrade.
They climb side by side the few stairs which are leading to a modern terrace with a metal sculpture in the center of it which holds Sherlock’s attention for a few seconds before he tries to open the main door:
"I told you we would see each other again, Sherlock," and there's something in his gaze close to a real emotion that makes him look human, for a split second and it's enough to make John feel sick.
He feels his heart beating harder than usual and it's unpleasant, the vibrations seem to go back up in his throat and to give him trouble swallowing. He's thinking so much about what he wants to control that he forgets what
John stops stirring his spoon in the cup for one second to listen to the next sentence and recognises the noise of an opening fly. He explodes in laughter and says out loud:
"What are you reproaching me for exactly?" asks the doctor, raising his voice, always feeling terribly awkward when Sherlock states the exact composition of his day without any decency - no wonder John carefully avoids the living-room the morning following his
It's the smell of the clothes, which reminds him that he entered an intimate room. They use the same washing powder because they mix their clothes when they do the laundry but nothing can be done, it still smells like Sherlock. What is entirely normal. What doesn't deserve to be deeply breathed, as John is doing now.
Sherlock stands still and looks at the engineer as if he's struck by the obvious. There are a few seconds of vague silence, where Lestrade slows down his movements and where John has the unpleasant feeling he's not going to dive into his bed after all, before Sherlock comes back in the room, a finger pointed towards Jared Steele:
"I was 14. Got stomach aches one Saturday evening. Rather banal," he smiles in return, raising a shoulder.
He pushes away the papers which still need to be filled out and gets up to unwind his legs in the silent lounge. At every passage in front of the corridor, he glances at the door at the end of it. He knows Sherlock is working in it since he returned from the hospital because he heard some noises, but he never went to knock there.
“That's why you told your friend Lestrade and his team of happy troublemakers, to come and handcuff me? I saw you arriving but I only saw  one cab… Unless you told your
They leave the underground parking and discover a city steeped in a cold light. Lazy cars, docile pedestrians; London didn't influence the rest of the country. John seems more at ease with Sherlock's driving. His hand joints aren't white anymore, by dint of holding on tight to the armrest. He doesn't think about it because he thinks about something else. His lips start to open and close without delivering a single word. He's about to give in.
"The..." he doesn't finish his sentence. He will not say the word that will stop everything. Not already. "Surprising," he finally confides.
"For God's sake, Sherlock," John grumbles, ready to get up to verify Benjamin's pulse, but the witness raises his hands to reassure him, his breaths panting nevertheless.
"Especially because you..." John begins again before verifying around them that they're still alone and murmuring in a little, pinched voice: "especially because you're hanging out with people who have a lifestyle like Elisa's..."
"Jared!" she shouts through the huge open-space to be sure that everybody hears her. "Jared I'm going to take you out of here and we'll get married, I swear! You hear me? I swear!"
He kneels down automatically, spreads the hanging suits and discovers perfectly aligned shoes (which is rather ironic in comparison to the state of the flat), and a multitude of cardboard boxes. John opens one, finds a set of shoe polish that he'll take from time to time from now on, a collection of forsaken socks (the ultimate proof that Sherlock Holmes
Hi everyone! I'm sorry for the late update, life has been crazy on my side lately. I hope you're all doing okay and ready for today's chapter as it's finally the revelation of who the murderer is! It's been more than a year since I started to think about this story and publishing today this chapter truly makes me shiver. I hope you'll like it as much as I liked to be obsessed by this case :)
He opens his eyes wide, blushes in shame with the same tint as his favorite armchair and automatically leaves the computer to put his hands between his legs, but he sees his perfectly closed jeans - and worse, the
What began as a horrifying murder has now transformed into a political cabal, and now all the parties of England are stepping into the breach. There are debates about internal security every day of the week on television, filled with hazy election promises and apocalyptic lies from the most extreme parties which are taking advantage of this mess to spread their stupid ideas. It's making London sick, stuck in a flu-like state which is numbing its members and making its head spin.
The door of the office opens suddenly and Sherlock walks out of it, cheekbones red and his gaze wilder than an animal's. He gives no gesture to John but the blond-haired man is already on his heels anyway. He turns around just in time to see Lestrade, in the same physical state as his flatmate, tidying up some files furiously. He waits until they are out of Scotland Yard to ask Sherlock:
They still look at each other for a few seconds before the doctor silently nods one last time before turning back.
The last drop of the liquid with thousands of small bubbles slides into his glass before Sherlock smiles, more beautiful than ever:
"We already spoke about it, his age has no importance. I love him and he's the man of my life. He's my soul mate."
But Sherlock isn't a Middle-Eastern country where two of the greatest nation in the world established themselves with ease, seeking weapons of mass destruction with an oil after-taste. Sherlock's a man, and a man John can't seem to rid himself of. He's not gay,
"Andy, come dance with me!" Molly suddenly calls, catching her lover's arm before looking at Sherlock and John, who are holding onto their seats as if they were holding on to life. "Should I even suggest you come to dance with us?"
Like a kid whose whim is ignored (and as he knows that he has no tangible reason for getting mad in front of his flatmate anyway) John persists in his crisis and bends to catch the object of offense, but he's stopped by a dry voice:
John discreetly inspires, pinches his lips from top to bottom, just taking the time to calm the tiny trembling on his left cheek and turns around, smiling summerly.
John discreetly rolls his eyes and sits at the kitchen table, an elbow pressed against his steaming cup, he stretches his right hand and catches the white envelops given to him by his landlady. Every time the woman comes up to bring them their mail, it's the same tune, a cheerful "Hello" escapes from their lips before the neighborhood seniors' news is explained to him down to the smallest private detail. John now has to share his breakfast with Mr. Jenssen's phlebitis, the alarming short-sightedness of Mrs. Blank and from now on, Mrs. Perkins' dangling dentures.
"I am John Watson and this is the detective Sherlock Holmes," the blond is obliged to specify by pointing at his friend, before starting again. "It won't take long, could we go to your office?"
," he repeats between his teeth, with a crazy gaze, "Me and you, we're the same. So far away from the rest of them," he screams this time, pointing at the city, miles away from where they're standing. "Because we're superior to them. We control them. We dominate them. So, how did you not get sooner that all of this was about me? Only me? Wasn't I good enough for you anymore?"
John half-opens his lips but his mobile vibrates. He looks at the screen under the desk and discovers Gregory's message.
When he hears steps going up the staircase, John reflexively passes his hand through his fair hair to try to calm his cowlick, which he doesn't see but feels all the same, and he recovers a bit more on the pillow behind him. The steps are slow, Sherlock might be carrying a heavy tray - did he think of making grilled bread? The steps are slowing down now, as if Sherlock didn't want to come up. And then there's another noise—banging, at intervals. An unbearable
But Sherlock never forgets that John exists. Sherlock never forgets about John. So John moves closer, so brave and so quiet that he is. A step. Another one. Faster. All of his body crashes against Moriarty's and he hears his gun hit the ground at the same instant their legs swings over the guardrail. It's finally when he pulls Jim Moriarty with him in his fall that John Watson understands the definition of the word
"Calm down, Gavin," answers the detective, raising his eyes to heaven, as an impolite and suddenly extremely cold teenager, which irritates Lestrade even more - and John has never seen him like this.
position (when he crosses his legs and joins his hands by sticking the end of the fingers together). He sits as a human being, two feet on the ground, elbows resting against his knees, slightly tilted forward, and John has the boldness to believe that it's an unconscious way for Sherlock to bow in front of his demands.
"I'm fine!" The blond man yelled, who never understand why Sherlock always needed to use his first name as if he was slightly half-wit by not understanding the detective was talking to him.
It's barely eight o'clock in the morning now and even though John's stomach's gurgling, there's no way they're going to leave the bed that is now wearing both of their smells. So, John leans over his flatmate to take out of his bedside table a package of biscuits. He did offer one to Sherlock, of course, but received a shrug as an answer which he correctly interpreted as '
He just has time to see Sherlock's eyes heightening in their orbits before he turns around to face the window, and begins a series of long notes, doubtless improvised, to verify that he tuned his instrument correctly. John slows down his gestures, by-passes his armchair on which he sits down. Between being alone with spare time and being able to listen to Sherlock, his bad mood and his creaking violin, it's not really useful anymore to pretend the first solution really holds the weight of the comparison. He rests his arms against the stuffed armrests, blocks his mouth in a discreet smile and sometimes closes his eyes when Sherlock improvises an oriental melody.
white - deploying in the light of day and only blinks when his flatmate closes the door behind him. In a noisy sigh, John lets himself fall against the pillows and observes the ceiling. It's doubtlessly a dream, an illusion, it's certainly not the reality. Not because John had never imagined he'd wake up next to a man not completely dressed, but it's that he had never imagined he'd be so...
"He is a driver, John," smiles Sherlock, not dissatisfied to be able to calm down the doctor's enthusiasm and his visceral hatred of lawyers.
. He does nothing to hide the contortion of his face, but Mrs. Hudson doesn't see it and Lestrade doesn't understand it as he tries to remember if, in good English families, we put the knife to the left or to the right of the plate.
Anyway, he doesn't have to think for very long because a black sedan with tinted windows stops in front of him. The back left window opens and John leans forward to discover an Asian woman with hair cut so short that she seems bald, her eyes painted with a deep black, which he could see better if they weren't fixed on the phone between her hands.
John only sees his back, as he doesn't want to get too close. Moriarty only talks to Sherlock anyway; he only sees him and seems to live only for him. All of this has a bitter taste of déjà-vu which could be tedious if it wasn't dire. John even has to check twice the bottom of his pants isn't wet and that it's not a green parka that he's wearing. He wonders who Moriarty killed here, as everything he does is meticulously thought to be about his
Lestrade raises an eyebrow but the detective has already disappeared into the kitchen before he can make a comment.
"Hm, in fact I took the day off so I can stay with her till the end of visiting hours," says Clara, looking at them alternately, but John doesn't even seem to hear her so he adds, opening the door:
“You're lying, and I know you're lying because you stopped looking at me by turning your head, and you have this stupid laugh you feel obliged to regurgitate when you feel ill at ease.”
He doesn't fall asleep easily that evening because in his brain arises an indecent number of questions. He has to turn around for the hundredth time between his warm sheets before finally daring to bring out its mobile:
“Are you okay?” he whispers so low that John has the feeling his heart stopped beating for one second to hear him.
In the trembling subway, between the baby's tears in his blue pushchair and the noisy laughs of the three teenagers around him, John keeps his eyes fixed on the map above the door, his lips pinched in an unconscious grimace. Two more stops and he'll be able to leave the furnace produced by men with belted suits and unbearable pressure, and by the kids coming back home after school. Sometimes, John wonders how it's humanly possible to raise a child in London. Some other times, he wonders if he'd have to leave this city he loves so much to raise a hypothetical family. And as he doesn't quite know if the idea terrifies or pleases him. When that happens, he does everything he can to keep this gulf sensation in his chest quiet.
The growing vein on the face of his boss is enough to make the doctor realise that he might have shouted a bit too loudly.
The London police officer's desks are emptier during this festive period. It's simple to understand; the most high-ranking and the parents of large families have their holidays, which makes the bachelors and newest ones jealous, and they hide behind the wretched paperwork they have to take care of during this time, the beginning of the new year. John is already knocking at Gregory Lestrade's door when he distinguishes through badly closed blinds two seated silhouettes.
, of course. They make a detour on their right, this time they go down the stairs before they reach a small courtyard. Now John must raises his nose so high to see the observatory in his whole that it makes his neck crack. He pulls a face, massages his valid shoulder a bit and sighs when he feels the pain becoming stronger than the medicines.
. The detective ends his murmurs by smiling one last time, and John finds in the forest of improper words invading his brain, the only possible answer:
Curtains closed, sitting on the sofa, his body hidden under a thick blanket which he brought out of his bedroom, John stretches his feet out a bit more on the coffee table. He and Sherlock have moved the small television closer, and, even if the detective hasn't yet touched the plate John ordered for him, at least the doctor is finishing his lemon beef with a fork. It would be classier, definitely, to use chopsticks, but even if he has already tried to impress Sherlock, he's incapable of understanding how a human being is supposed to feed himself with two pieces of wood. It's better not to mention this subject again.
"To talk about the state of their flat. It had nothing to do with the case, you just wanted to tell them we were living together."
They then find a plastic pocket in which are pictures of the musician: some taken during a show, some taken in this same flat during what seems to be a birthday or Christmas. On the photographs, Sherrer clashes due to his impeccable suits and his grey hair so delicately brushed, while the rest of the guests and his flatmates seems more comfortable in their jeans and sneakers. John smiles, noticing that the age difference is blatant in these pictures while he had never thought of it before. At 37 years old, Sherrer would have been able to be married, to also have a child on the way, why not, but the life in London is so out of sync that it's with flatmates who were ten years younger that he spent his last years. And that would not be sad if John isn't realising at this instant that he was the same age as Philipp. He doesn't blink and slides the last photograph back into the yellow plastic pocket.
They waited for several long minutes whilst the only sound was the theatrical whispering of the criminal which echoed in the vast room, shutting up the lapping of a water where John imagined he was going to die, again and again. In front of him, Sherlock was still pointing his gun on the prohibitive suit. It was stupid and completely disconcerting to see how much of their lives, and deaths too, for the three of them, summarised to the first detective's phalanx.
"He was... He was an excellent musician. His horn, h-he..." stammers the youngest, breath obviously short under the pressure imposed by the detective.
That doesn't even seem to faze Sherlock who does nothing to prevent him from doing so, but who removes the crop out of his shirt to set it on the desk to his left before ordering:
"I was at the clinic. Since Sarah is on sick leave, they are under-staffed, so... " smiles John, his thumbs uselessly pointing behind his shoulder.
. It's great, really, but hear me carefully: you are so terrorised by the idea of showing that you can be vulnerable that it's becoming unhealthy. You think that it's shameful to have moments of weakness. But let me tell you something: all this, it's bullshit. So, I'm going to register Harry in Todd's centre because it's more practical for her, for you, and for me. I am going to take her to celebrate Christmas at my home, because I want it and she wants it, too. And especially,
of the forced-opened latch resounds. Sherlock smiles - proud, of course, he never misses an opportunity to be - and stretches out his arm to invite John to enter first.
Sherlock looks at him, squints, and John must sink his nails stronger in his palms to remember not to hit hisforehead, realizing his stupid remark.
“No, really, it is. It's false information. We could have sent anybody to notice it's nothing but a misunderstanding.”
"Oh, I would have to kill you if I answered that question," Mycroft explains with a smile which betrays the fact that he doesn't seem totally against this idea.
Mrs. Hudson nevertheless insists on tidying up (by pleading that if she wasn't doing it, nobody would do it and it would be one more reason for her to keep the deposit check), but after the magnificent buffet she prepared for the detective, John doesn't have the heart to take advantage of any more of her kindness.
He takes advantage of Sinatra singing "Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas" more cheerfully than ever, and that Mrs. Hudson is tilted towards her fireplace to give advice to Lestrade, before murmuring:
He seals his lips again, as if they panicked at the idea of being separated. Sherlock looks at him, silent, motionless; he will not precipitate things. It belongs to John to make the first step.
The look he's scrutinizing is not a child's; the boredom gave away to a silent storm, intangible but oh so very expressive.
"In which position was he before you touched him?" asks the detective, facing the man whose stammering incoherent words before collapsing on one of the chairs.
"Maybe, maybe not..." Moriarty distractedly answers, now very focused on his iPod. "Maybe I went on a cruise on the Leman lake. Or maybe I was searching through your bedroom when you were interrogating the Walsh sisters.”
"What, did you get the axe again?" exclaims the house keeper, dropping her wooden spoon in the bowl she's holding against her stomach.
Elisa puts back some of her curly hair behind her ear and hesitates a bit before she leans to kiss his cheek. She smells like lavender and even with the ridiculous amount of flowers in the room, John can smell it. She withdraws and John looks at Gregory on the other side of the bed, arms crossed on his chest and eyes dark with reproaches. He seems to barely holding back an anger that John perfectly understands.
"Steele, if you really don't have a valid visa to show me, I'll have to place you under custody," Lestrade warns.
The silence settled between them like a third guest of whom they didn't dare to interrupt, and both of them, British as always, finished their tea before it got cold. His eyelids full of a fictive sand, John spread his legs in front of him, turning his neck on its side before getting up on his feet with his cup now empty in his right hand.
"Sheri, witnesses saw you during the interval," John interrupts with a voice that is drier than usual.
"Mrs. Cox, can we speak in front of Benjamin or do you want us to speak in private, if it's easier?"
I'm looking for a beta for the last (4) chapters of this story! If it's something you might be interested in helping me with, you can drop a comment or contact me on my Tumblr (link on my profile page). Thanks!
Stretched out alone in his bed, hands supporting his neck, eyes anchored on the bluish ceiling in the night, John tries to find the word which can define his scar. Then, he tries to find the word to define
"In everyday life, of course, but when I'm with you on the field, I'm invisible. Like when Lestrade meets us. He always says
John smiles more than he would like to and follows Sherlock to the kitchen where Lestrade, standing next to the table, interrogates the flatmates. The young woman, Marina Jones, is seated on a plastic chair and her long uncovered legs are sufficient to prove to the whole room she's indeed a dancer. The elegance of her body is sculpted by her visible muscles on her milky skin and the tight bun above her neck is so well done it symbolises years of classical dancing training. Her wool dress has black and purple geometrical forms that she seems to have found in a second-hand shop.
movement, while he slides insistently against his tongue up to his teeth and takes out of the doctor's throat a series of soft complaints.
"Higher," a lascivious voice murmurs extremely low, because Sherlock put his lips on John's ear, then leans a little more on tiptoe without waiting.
?", smiles John, putting back his hot cuppa, quoting the words they read once in a bottom-end article coming from a tabloid even more bottom-end, when the royals gossips weren't as satisfying as before, the detective and his acolyte becoming suddenly the centre of their attention.
He raises his head, ready to apologise for shouting, but is stopped by Sherlock's vision, still on the stage, body turned to the doctor, eyes rolled upwards and his hands white from clenching so hard on the rail.
“John! Oh my God, are you okay? Mrs. Hudson told me you had a car accident?” Molly exclaims, kissing his cheek and it’s officially the first time they touch each other.
He doesn't seem happy about it; he even looks like he forgot how to close his mouth. Sherlock forgot his wallet. His free hand rubs his forehead, his smile seems to require a heightened effort, but he turns around again to the brunette and pays the second
But there's a light and fresh wind that pushes him to walk, and he thinks: why not go do some shopping too? Mrs. Hudson is always complaining about her vacuum which makes too much noise, he could buy her a new one. The truth is, it's Sherlock who's complaining about the "continuous thunder of this devil tool" which prevents him from thinking. Even if his finances are not in excellent shape, John wants to offer his landlady the possibility to stop breaking her back every time she drags the vacuum up the two floors to 221B.
The brown haired man hardly looks over his shoulder but deigns to move his lips to answer with a, "More or less," which makes the DI's eyes raise toward the heaven.
"Stop that," the doctor sighs, catching the weapon and hiding it under the pillow of his armchair behind him. "And it's
are enough to make the simplest of Londoners freak out at the idea of admitting that he would accept a little of support from time to time.
John watches his flatmate unbuttoning his shirt with one hand, before imposing between the fingers of the doctor the tie which he just removed.
"I told you to read," Sherlock repeats, pressing his forefinger to the middle of the doctor's forehead in order to force him to put his head back on the carpet.
The detective put his long fingers one against another in his traditional thinking pose, looking at the blond haired man with attention.
"A few...," answers Sherlock, shrugging a shoulder, obviously holding back the excitation sparkling in his eyes like a million stars.
. You don't have to take care of everything, you know. Let me handle certain things for you, all right?"
They're judging each other from the ends of their eyelashes, they aren't using their mouths, to sound out the other one. John believes they're evolving in a very official silence but it's because he doesn't hear James Stewart's voice any more.
John smiles, and the fine wrinkles at the corners of his eyes embody the very concrete answer Sherlock was waiting for.
Jared Steele smiles pitifully, his hand stirring before resting on its colleague. The suspect has to be the size of Lestrade, although his shoulders are more squared and his belly a bit more developed. On top of his sweaty head, there is short salt-and-pepper hair, where the jet black definitively bows in front of the years. It's not difficult to see that the man is quite handsome; he has a certain charm with his natural suntanned skin and his eyes of a light brown that aren't seen very often in the South of England.
"I quit," John corrects, throwing to his feet the file from which the paper clip breaks and let's fly away the hundreds of papers that he has filled for weeks.
But John hadn't even understood that. He had only seen the milky skin, the freckles, the bra strap that was too big, falling on her shoulder. He hadn't understood what all of this really hid. He understood nothing. And he blames himself for it.
? He entered this private and much closed space and now John's air is hitting Sherlock's chin. It is primitive, somehow visceral. And so terribly traitor, because John breathes messily...
"Always," Moriarty answers, pride stretching the muscles of his face already sick in the first place. "Is it hurting him?" he suddenly wonders, looking at John's immobilized arm and shoulder.
Hi! First let me thank you all for your terrific and so sweet comments. The way you're supporting me is beyond precious, I truly have no words. Just,
And as he doesn't quite know if Sherlock looks at him or really tries to kill him with his dark pupils, John seats without commenting one second more the situation.
- all the notes have been erased. Yeah, so apparently it does happen a lot, so if you have important notes, you might want to save them, guys! Anyway, I didn't want to more around, especially because of all your amazing support on the last update, so I rolled up my sleeve and I translated this chapter AGAIN and here it is!
John looks at the young woman disappearing to the bar and is beaten by the vision of Sherlock catching his empty drink, ready to leave.
"Hi, John," she smiles, passing the back of her hand on her forehead, to remove a curly lock. "What can't you find today?"
Clara smiles, unbuttons her coat, and bends to kiss him on the cheek before taking a seat. It's early on this December 24th, the families of the patients are certainly making the last purchases for Christmas Eve. In the meantime, there are just the nurses with sprites' hats who are humming in the corridors, led by Christmas carols broadcasted by the surrounding speakers.
"For Christ's sake, Watson!" Barrow bawls on the ground, his hand surrounding his nose, which is covered in blood. "You sick psycho! You're fired, do you hear me?
There's a long silence following the engineer's words, where Lestrade is more down trodden than ever and where John's spirit seem touched by the Holmes grace, because the above-named is always in an unbearable lethargy:
"Right on time," smiles the DI before shaking John's hand, as Sherlock's are deeply anchored into his pockets.
They're alone here, of course, but to murmur gives John the illusion they're alone in the world. If they raise their voice, the doctor is afraid someone would hear them and burst this bubble in which they have taken refuge, and in which John refuses to be something else other than himself.
John was not sure what that last sentence meant, though. John opens his eyes and inhales, as if he has forgotten how to. It's simple, however, to provide oxygen to the body and to remove CO2 expiration from the alveoli in the lungs due to the difference in pressure between the two sides (since gas flows from the more concentrated medium to the less concentrated). But when he thinks about this woman, even if he knows she's dead and six feet under, anger is too deep for his usual empathy, so it comes back like a mad dog biting his chest with large doses of memories.
The apartment is still inhabited by Marina Jones and Bill Hendrik, but it looks like nothing they know. The living-room probably hasn't seen a vacuum pass since Prince George was still an only child and there are dirty plates on the coffee table which remind John of the state of their own place.
The brown haired man, starting to drink his tea too, had a micro, absolutely-not-amused smile, his piercing gaze never leaving his friend in front of him.
"Staging. Complete. Total," concludes the detective before lowering his finger and advancing on the edge of the scene, closely followed by his flatmate. "Sherrer staged his own death. He's making fun of us. Since the beginning."
His knees may be on the ground, but his spirit evaporates. With a feverish body, it's with even more strength that he hangs on to Sherlock's hips. Blindly, he feels his flatmate bending forward, squeezing the nape of his neck with an obvious possessiveness before he growls:
"You know what I'm dreaming of? That we enter the interrogation room and that we find him trembling, sweaty, and that it's obvious that it's him who shot Sherrer."
Sherlock, on his knees in front of him, doesn't close his eyes once. They inspect every centimeter of John's skin, the hair on his chest, the scars, of course, but also all the offenses which have no marks but which seem to teem under the epidermis, aged by inevitable years. He still has his hands on the doctor's thighs but his forefingers aren't touching him. They are raised, as if irresistibly attracted by the chest which came to light. He's preventing himself from touching him, that's easy enough for John to tell.
John would like them to do a show of hands to decide if they should keep talking about Apple products battery life or to shoot each other, but in the end he's practically sure he'd be in minority so he prefers to keep his mouth shut.
With John's head tilted this way, the eye contact broken and facing the ceiling, he feels the need to breathe heavier and heavier, everything to do as he is told...
In the center of the room, sitting in a chair behind a small desk, is Sheri Walsh. She's 26 years old, John reads in the file Sally gave him. She seems rather tall and the bun which clears her neck amplifies this impression. She has fair hair, although it's not her natural color, as John can see on her skull where there are darker strands. But what strikes him the most are her big brown eyes, which are incredibly expressive. She has on a blouse so white that it's almost transparent, and the doctor perceives on her fine shoulders the straps of her bra and her slightly reddened skin. He smiles, touched by this subtle demonstration of unease and gets closer to take his place in front of her. He has never questioned a suspect by himself, but if Sherlock trusts him, he must be able to do it.
This time it's Sherlock who's ready to talk but his nemesis’ left hand raises to ask for his attention. Moriarty closes his eyes, focused deep in his soul, before he moves his lips, miming the lyrics surrounding them.
"Well, we are on the same wavelength. And on a scale from 1 to 5, how much do you consider yourself ready to answer to each and every order I give you?"
Sherlock has a frank smile (because it's obvious that he, too, laughs at the doctor's clumsiness) but he says nothing and straights up a bit more on his knees. He raises his face at the same time as his hand which, this time, is approaching what changed everything in John Watson's life.
“What do you mean if I wish? Sherlock, people already talk a lot. We're not going to sleep in the same bed.”
With quick steps, they cross the road where cars and cycles slalom, rarer in this November which begins to finally cool, and go down Great Smith Street, their noses raised to inspect the streets' name.
The brown-haired man slowly crosses his arms against his torso, before raising his chin obstinately. He leaves the boxes of condoms on the floor and seals his lips with a cold attitude which automatically makes the oldest one open his:
," he smiles slowly, using the same words as John had that particular evening. "But you don't know what BDSM consists of, right? It's not a reproach; even I, a few years ago, knew nothing before someone explained it to me."
helped me so much, once again, and the case!fic gains so much in credibility thanks to her. Lots of love, dear
"Bloody hell I was at your place! I was literally at your place and you preferred to take a fucking cab to go to that fucking observatory to meet with that fucking psychopath! You could have died!" Gregory screams this time.
"Sheri, Inspector Lestrade gave you another chance, take it. You heard him, you're risking a lot if it's proved that this marriage is... well, is not a marriage of love."
The repetitive tone that burns his eardrum is clear: big brother hung up. The noise behind him is clear: Sherlock just closed the door. He pulls out his shoes in the darkness, slightly hesitates, and John stops his torture.
"I have been thinking about it all night. Everything, absolutely everything that we have discovered about him taught us that Sherrer wanted to be… the centre of attention, at least once in his life. The first mistake was to believe that his occupation as an unsuccessful actor was just a hobby and didn't have any incidence on his life, and that it would be better to remember him as a musician from the London orchestra."
And when a murder happens in front of him, and it takes him months to find the murderer? I might have been able to keep it under control if that imbecile hadn't decided to piss off the entire world at the same time! Did you know, Sherlock, that Doris Cox pressed charges against you for breaking into her place last month and that it's been weeks that I've been covering for you? And do you actually believe that I don't know that you were the one who falsified the prosecutor's request to free Steele from custody? And honestly, I would have been able to have your back a bit more if you had only proof, a testimony, anything, but you found nothing, Sherlock! It's gone too far, it has to stop."
The detective raises his eyes so high in the sky that he seems to want to hide them at the bottom of his orbits. He gets up, ready to make the tour of John's armchair, but is quickly stopped when the doctor's hand slowly winds around his wrist. Still seated, the elder one is looking at him, a frank smile on the lips.
, which was not very funny but he laughed anyway. Then he asked me if I suffered too much in the back of the truck and whispered very loudly he was hoping I did, then he got closer to me and he..." pinching his lips together, he smiled for one second and started looking at Sherlock again. "Buttoned up my parka. So that I '
It takes an infinite time to cross the city from North to South, to slalom between the taxis, the cyclists and the European tourists who are crossing over even when the traffic light is red. The night is falling and the lights are rising. John rests his forehead against the window of their cab and he looks without seeing. Is Moriarty back in his snipers delirium or has he attached dynamite to some poor guy's belt? Are him and Sherlock making a terrible mistake by going to face him?
They are in the middle of the movie, and after some time the little jolts as they watch eventually let them slide a little farther together until their shoulders make contact and their knees touch insistently. Sherlock bends from time to time to pick John's small tomatoes, which takes offence no more this kind of plunder. When James Stewart enters the Royal Albert Hall on the small screen, both roommates share a smile.
put your riding crop on the table where I eat, it's disgusting! You hit dead people with it!" he yells pointing at the crop, lying like a simple harmless feather in the middle of cups and scones brought by Mrs. Hudson.
The detective smiles for one second. His face is illuminated by pride that echoes with strength to John's rib cage.
The doctor takes one of the frames to inspect it. In the center of the picture, hands join with others, he recognises the man of whom he saw the brain, and seeing him now smiling under the spotlight is a vision way more joyful. Sherrer is a bit younger, unless the make-up makes him look so. He has a crown made of fake leaves and a beige suit on which small branch has been sewn - which seems very unpleasant to wear. All around John there are about twenty pictures, some of them taking place backstage, all centered on Philipp Sherrer, sometimes dressed up to a point where he's unrecognisable.
, your case was disturbingly obvious: your chambermaid isn't betraying the nation, she simply met a young man a few months ago and maintains with him a sexual relation. Believe me, John, since Mycroft made a pact with Satan and exchanged his heart for the possibility of not killing his interlocutors of boredom just by opening his mouth, he is incapable of seeing if two people are having a sexual or sentimental relationship."
“No, of course, you're here to talk about Sherrer. I liked Sherrer. I liked my nanny too. Except when she was putting my slice of bread in paper towel before I came back from school. The bread ended up being soft and I hated it. Was your nanny doing that too, Sherlock? Oh, sorry, you're not here to talk about that either - I'll ask her myself later. Sherrer then! Sherrer, Sherrer, Sherrer…” the psychopath sings. “I met him in a restaurant and he immediately fascinated me. Do you know why?”
"I'll be back this evening, okay?" he warns, looking his sister straight in the eyes, contorting strangely to put on his jacket.
He slowly crosses his arms against his trunk without even winking. He isn't really sure yet if he likes his current position, the one that Sherlock dictated to him, but he cannot refrain from thinking that his flatmate acted that way to protect John from hearing something that wouldn't please him. Nevertheless, the doctor is persuaded that he could face it, he knows to be strong. As to knowing if he wants to face it, nothing is less certain.
"Sheri, go back home, okay? Don't take care of that," answers the engineer very calmly, covering her with a gaze as soft as a summer night.
"You see, it's exactly to avoid this kind of awkwardness that I didn't want Sherlock to get involved in it."
"Yes. Since then, he falsifies his visa every year and he's terrified at the idea of being discovered. He can't make any more visa applications, his only solution to stay here is to get married... To me."
. John looks at the little white flowers for a long time with a smile he wants as discreet as possible and thanks him. When later that day, a nurses comes to check his temperature, she stops and asks with horror "Who brought you chrysanthemums?", Sherlock understands this is not the kind of flowers to bring to someone who's
I'm currently searching for a translator, capable to translate from French to English (for another project). If anyone is interested, please send me a note on my Tumblr or on FanFiction (which you can find on my profile!)
The detective finally closes the newspaper and gets ready to throw it away. John watches him bending next to him to aim at the rubbish bin and they are almost as close as when they visited Sherrer's flat; when Sherlock spoke to him about this control thing for the first time. They
Sherlock breathes in and leaves the kitchen. John quickly follows him and catches him by the arm in the stairs he’s ready to hurtle down.
"Sherlock!" he exclaims, jumping in his chair, his hand already in his pocket to take out his telephone, which he turns back on immediately.
success. No one cares to go hear Philip Sherrer plays, when Denosa conducts. Everybody always look at the maestro. Even you, Sherlock.”
Hi everyone! Many thanks for the last comments and kudos! You are all so very lovely for supporting me this way :) I hope you had a wonderful Christmas and I wish you a very happy new year - filled with Johnlock love (and smut!)
His nose finally out of the stifling air of Waterloo Station, John inhales and rapidly turns his head from left to right on York Road, before crossing over the street. On his watch, it's 7.24 PM, showing, once again, he left home way too early. It's not like he had a choice.
Against the concrete, her small heels click and click, in the stunning echo of the stairwell. Sherlock breaths deeply in and, now that they're alone. John sits down on the place where Walsh was and does the same until they are stuck shoulder against shoulder. They remain silent for a long time, looking at the grey wall, before John sighs, absolutely exhausted:
"Sher..." John starts, coming closer from a step without realizing it but Sherlock's hand raises to tell him to stay where he is.
He separates their mouths, quits caressing the warm cheek, and opens his eyes. Sherlock never closed them.
"Of course we don't..." the soldier mutters as he raises his eyebrows, as if stating an obvious fact, before suddenly realising: "Wait, what does that mean? You're not using them?"
He still hears the sisters arguing about what is chatting up or not, which is ironic, considering what just happened under the table between Holmes and him, but the detective doesn't seem to want to speak about it, because he's already in the room behind the two-way mirror, discussing with Lestrade who asks:
"You constantly take care of me, you suggest accompanying me to the hospital or managing certain things for me," he enumerates, using his fingers in a useless gesture.
"No, no, let's talk about it, because we're not moving forward. We questioned all the suspects established by the ballistics, right?"
When John opens his eyes, it's because the grandchildren of the old man on the bed on the opposite side are playing with the blinds, screaming the song of an advertisement. The ex-soldier gets ready to smile at their mother, sat on a chair similar to his, but the woman doesn't even make the start of a gesture of excuse to the rest of the room, so, he swallows his useless kindness. If Harry was awake, she would have shouted at the kids without hesitation and would have received apologies from their family, the medical staff and the Queen mother gathered. She has that, his sister, this power to say out loud what the youngest of the Watson thinks silently. Of course, John envies her that.
The detective presses his phone in his hand and sighs. Changing the conversation subject is a hateful habit from Mycroft.
John wipes his right hand over his wet forehead and over his eyes, which he firmly massages so as to wake up. With the heat, the splint set on his left arm is even more stifling.  The medicine helps him bear with the pain of his broken shoulder, but makes him feel woozy and exhausted by the dizziness. At least he is conscious, which wasn’t quite the case when he arrived at the hospital yesterday.
John opens his eyes. Both. It's dark but he recognises the bed he's in. It's an hospital bed. The television in the corner of the room confirms his first impression. The perfusion stuck in his right hand is the last clue he needs. He looks on his left the city through a wide window. From where he is, he can see the London Eye. It's ironic how one got to end up in the hospital to have the greatest view, in every city on the planet. He keeps his inspection of the room: his folder is on the bedside table, he'll read it when he'll have enough strength to use his arm. And on the armchair at the end of the room, there's something that looks like his jacket, he squints and... ah, no. A black coat.
He bends down on his knees on the dirty lino and begins to collect the packages, helped by Sherlock who adds:
file is bigger and bigger and Sherlock can't decipher everything in one go. But John crossed the winds and came up on the cliff's edge. So the
The Watson family never encouraged talking as a deadly and peaceful weapon. Like any other northern-London family, they taught their children to gather their emotions and to push them deep down inside themselves into an inaccessible room and to never talk about them anymore. It was the best advice you could give to a soldier and John is fully aware of that: he came back alive from Afghanistan, despite the horrors he saw, felt, touched, or did.
His steps resonate on the concrete of the empty warehouse and he breathes normally because, no matter the vain warnings of Mycroft, John makes his own decisions. He opens the gigantic metallic door which squeaks enough to give him goose bumps and goes out into the empty courtyard which the sun invades. He lays a hand above his eyes to protect them from it and wants to think about which way he has to take now, but his arms are still shivering and there's a strange weight pressing his plexus.
"Ah yes, he told to me about it," John answers without raising his eyes from the A-19-07B form, of which he doesn't understand a thing.
The doctor gets close to the table where the detective's fingers frenetically tap, in front of the coroner's new boyfriend. The guy is named Andy Kerwell and he shook Sherlock's hand with such conviction that John immediately hated him. The blond man puts the two beers next to his flatmate's elbow and takes his place before hearing the voice full of sarcasm:
Jim Moriarty, the man they were chasing for a few months, turned around, taking out the origin of the strident bell: a mobile so modern John had never seen one like it. Jim brought it to his ear before whispering a 'Sorry', for the only detective of the room who seemed barely disturbed by the intrusion. The chlorinated water aground on the pool side was slowly moving back up the doctor's trousers, reaching his calf which made him shiver under the cold and odious feeling of the sticky fabric. And even if John hated being all wet with his clothes on, as much as he hated to sing
am fine. Nothing exploded, I still have all of my body parts tied together. The only consequence of tonight's events is that I won't ever be able to listen to the Bee Gees without getting sick, but I think I'll be okay."
"A damned courageous one to put up with Sherlock's bullshit, that's for sure. In any case, don't be embarrassed with Elisa or me. We'll just keep to ourselves that Sherlock told you everything and it'll go well. And if you ever feel like you were a bad boy who needs a spanking one day, you know where I live."
Lying on his bed, eyes vaguely on the TV screen, he wonders if he shouldn't have chosen the goat cheese sandwich. Or maybe he should have visited the next-door Tesco’s. Maybe he should have insisted that Sherlock eat so both of them could have eaten at the Manchester Angelo's. With their luck the guy eating next to them would have been the new Jack the Ripper and they would have been on a new case before the bread basket was placed on the table.
Truth is they never talk about him. It's because his face haunts John every time he closes his eyes that he can't stand to hear his name when he's awake. The day, despite the pain, he can laugh about Mrs. Hudson story about her mouses problem or with Benjamin and his unique humor. At night, when he wakes up covered with sweat, his mouth is sealed, holding back behind his teeth screams he can't shout out. Sherlock holds his hand, literally, in the air. It's psychological but it allows John to think he's not falling anymore, that someone caught him. That the pain, which is now living in his body since he crashed on the ground, never existed.
"Sir!" shouts but Lestrade has already gotten up to put a hand on his friend's shoulder, to calm him.
... Sheri was ready to present you to her family, thus it's serious between you two. Is she pregnant? Impossible, I would have seen it. With the aim of a marriage, maybe? Why won't you be able to tell us that you're going to marry Sheri Walsh? Why did she present you as her soulmate while she was hitting on Jo...
John pinches his lip and pushes his finger on the plastic button on his left. The window closes gently and with it fresh air sweeps the smell of cigarette which disappears with laziness. Of course, Sherlock has not smoked for months and he holds on tight -like a pitbull tied to the neck of his favorite poodle. The fact remains that the doctor wants to avoid unnecessary temptation. Greg gave up; he will be the only one.
He turns his head and sees the detective is already looking at him. He answers his smile with his own.
"It does just the opposite," John smiles, putting a friendly hand on the driver's shoulder. "It's time to go. Do you take the Tube?"
The engineer looks down while his teeth bite his lips. He's unmasked, it's obvious, but from what? John may recall the last twenty minutes in his mind, but he understands strictly nothing. He raises his small snub nose towards the DI but Lestrade shares the same completely skeptical expression, making it clear that it's not really possible to count on his help.
Sherlock crosses his legs, his elbows on the armrests. He watches John drinking with attention, without speaking. It's a bit strange that they're facing each other this way. Their legs are very close, it's enough that one of them hardly moves so that they'll touch. John's the first one who dares to make a movement, leaning to put his empty cup on the bedside table before sitting back in place.
They're still walking, very slowly, arm in arm, even if Sherlock's feet seem to want to go backward at every step. John is following them from afar, holding himself on the dome of which the structure worries him a bit more at every second.
"Maybe you were tired?" proposes John, smiling, before pushing a plate full of toast towards his flatmate.
The detective sergeant makes a sign to tell him to follow her and guides him to interrogation room number 2. She says Lestrade is behind the two-way mirror before letting him in.
Sherlock’s mouth get tensed while it’s holding back words he knows he can’t tell, and finally they both leave the 221B. In the street, they stop the first taxi they see and give him the address to the Royal Observatory.
He goes on his blog in search of new cases, but there are only people curious to know if they finally found the murderer of the concert. He mutters quite low, opens a new window (virgin proof that he and Sherlock are really making a pitiful work) and watches the Google logo livening up for a long time, drinking his perfectly infused tea.
"Then you saw him, why are you making me waste my time? Tell me all about it, how was Mr. Sherrer after being shot? Stretched out on the back? The stomach?" the detective starts again.
Anna Sanchez opens her eyes and for the first time that day, the dry botox of her cheeks lets perceive an appearance of human reaction: a touched smile.
"And what about you Sherlock, why is your bed so big? To welcome your numerous conquests?" he laughs in return before realising the incongruity of the conversation.
"I saw on the planning that you're doing your blood donation tomorrow? Is Sophie going to take care of it? "
He raises two fingers of the left hand to tell John to follow him. While they're walking down the right corridor, the doctor remembers that a few meters away is Philipp Sherrer's bedroom.
It’s like Christmas Eve because there’s so close that John has the feeling their body could merge. It comes from the bottom of his soul, his lips feel so naked he only wants to dress them with Sherlock’s kisses, his mouth, his tongue and words. He wets his lips by reflex and the way the detective’s eyes are devouring him echoes his own desire.
Since when did life consist on being abducted by a criminal in front of his home, bound hand and foot in the back of a truck without any number plate, before being taken to a pool with a morbid past where he was put in a jacket made of Semtex? Of course, John knew the reason: since half of his rent was paid by the unique, on and only consulting detective in the world, a music-lover and sociopath who mastered the art of rhetoric as much as firearms. Which could have seemed dangerous - which John particularly loved.
John smiles and nods slightly. They’re alone upstairs, and it’s high time they talked. The painkillers may help him overcome his inhibitions, but most of all, he is fed up with leaping from one clue to the next without them having an honest conversation. Dammit, he feels like his life is an episode from
. And I hope you like murders as there'll be one in the next chapter... Meanwhile, have a nice week dear readers!
The detective nods briefly and goes to the bedroom with John. The room is quite big and, just as the living-room, it's an example in regards to tidying up. The bed doesn't have a fold - which John's forehead is automatically jealous of - the drawer is cluttered with partitions of which are exceeding yellow and pink Post-its and on the left, next to the wooden desk, there's a broken music stand with a felt hat on top of it that looks kind of ludicrous.
John raises an eyebrow and stops in the middle of the hallway covered with a red and soft carpet, obliging Sherlock to do the same before rolling his eyes with a weary face.
Sherlock presses the hand on the latch and it's the same as months ago, except the sheets are a different color, Sherrer's pictures on stage are replaced by pictures of some woman's holiday and the scrawled scores by decorating magazines. The detective doesn't even seem to look at these new elements before he invades the room, going directly to the cupboards. He opens the first one and John accelerates his step to come look over his shoulder, but they only discover a mess of clothes and shoes. Sherlock closes it, takes two steps to the left and opens the second where they discover the fuse box, a dusty vacuum cleaner and cardboard boxes on which is written "PHILIPP". Sherlock smiles (and John can see it even from where from he's placed) and removes his coat which he throws on the bed before bending to take out the boxes, helped by the doctor. They grumble a little because the cardboards are heavy and the thick carpet doesn't allow them to slide, and as John is more muscled anyway, it's him who eventually carries them up to the foot of the bed which Sherlock points at.
He was already straightening himself up before being fully conscious of it. With his eyes bitten by night, he saw in front of him the door wide open, the catch confined in the detective's hand, standing on his feet and still fully dressed, his gaze as sharp as a microscope's.
"He wore a vest full of Semtex for an hour and almost got killed, don't you think he'll need some psychological support?"
"Very well, seen like that, everybody is controlled by something then," laughs John bitterly, crossing his arms against his chest and facing his unbearable flatmate with totally inappropriate ideas.
Sherlock vainly tried to wipe the blood with the back of his hand. He looks at the doctor with crazed eyes, pulls out his mobile phone on which he hardly drums.
The soldier hangs up and turns around to discover Sherlock already on his heels, his face more concerned than ever - of course, he has already understood.
Sherlock breathes in deeply with an impressive slowness while he watches the doctor pushing away his clothes in a heap that they both forget about right away. It's broad daylight in the first floor living-room because the barely-opaque white curtains are not sufficient to prevent the last sunrays from coming in to cherish the doctor's skin. There's something close to mystical in being this naked and offered up, but John keeps silent in a very intelligent way about this feeling of being an offering. Sherlock's ego doesn't need to be compared to a god.
The detective turns his back on the scene and leaves the morgue with big steps. All John can see is the black coat floating and the image printed on his retina of Sherlock broken. He follows him, calls him, but nothing seems to stop him. They cross the empty street, come across some house and dive through the fields. It takes several minutes for John to find the courage to rush and take him by the arm.
"John, where were you?" suddenly asks the younger man up on his feet, walking toward him, more serious than ever.
Clara said that he thinks being weak is shameful. There's no proof more concrete, more red and swollen than his scar, to prove that John Watson had real moments of weakness in his life. The trembling knees when the most beautiful girl in school kisses you, that doesn't count. When the heart beats so widly that it seems to want to go back up into the throat, to tear away from the veins, to take support on the molars and to appear far from this sweaty body - all this because you have no strength to press the trigger and it's the enemy's bullet that implants in your body, there is no stronger moment of weakness than that.
Sherlock politely smiles, aware of the words' debatable absurdity and slowly drinks his beverage, filling the room with the fragrance of tea. It takes quite a while before one of the two men open their mouth again, but that's okay. Since a long time ago -since the first day, quite frankly- John understood that with Sherlock, their relationship is so simple and so pure, that even silence is not embarrassing. It's priceless, really, because if he had to burn a note every time he was seated next to a date, having nothing to tell her and suffering from the silence as the more terrible torture, he would be simply broke. Not that he's really rich. And not that Sherlock is a date.
Through his closed eyelids, he imposes a darkness in which he's alone and there's nothing else other than the noise of his own breath. It's harder than any military training, but for nothing more than one second he allows himself to close the door on everything that makes him be that late depressive captain, doctor in a fit of pique, swamped son and discouraged brother whom he has always,
The smile John imposes on his lips hurts him so much it's all his self-esteem that seems to crack open under the effort.
John and Sherlock look at each other and they don't say a single word because there's nothing to say. Sherlock is the first one to move, climbing the stairs up to the balcony where Moriarty is waiting for them.
Sheri Walsh exceeds the office where she was installed and approaches the small group in fast steps before she discovers the wrists surrounded with metal.
That makes John choke in outraged laughter, and the fact that his flatmate doesn't even deign to look at him any more isn't helping. That makes him lose his mind, he who wants to roar since he left the clinic (which he retained in a very impressive way in the Tube), and now he doesn't see why he should hold back anymore.
"Sherlock asked you to come?" John asks, eyebrows so high on his forehead that they seem ready to get lost in his fair hair.
He interlaces their fingers in a possessive gesture and the smell which surrounds them is a confusion of washing powder, cologne, and male skin, as if Sherlock's movements are themselves transformed into a fragrance meant to intoxicate the doctor a bit more.
John presses his hand to his shoulder and jumps with surprise when the detective suddenly turns around.
He raises his nose, quickly tries to find the spots they match with and sights when he finds the seats where his flatmate and he were settled. Lestrade and his agents burst out a loud laugh but Sherlock continues, seeming like he didn't even hear them:
John frowns and leans again against the barrier to get a better look of the fluffy seats so far away from them.
is written with a white and plain font. When he was younger, he remembers walking with his chin low in pharmacies, to catch any condom box (always the most discreet) before going reluctantly to the cash register. Today, young people buy those things like they are chewing gum. Although the doctor in him finds this human advance simply brilliant, the boy from the North of London educated in the strength of the Anglican tradition which slumbers in him always feels uncomfortable to reveal in broad daylight what is supposed to take place in full darkness.
"I was in the front row so I didn't really see anything... I quickly turned around when I heard someone shouting. I saw a man who seemed to wake up. For one second, that reassured me, I thought - it's stupid, I know - that it was a nightmare, that it was proof... But I looked at the scene again and the musician was... He was soaked in his blood and my sister was still looking at him. I took her between my arms and I closed my eyes."
"Come and help me, John," calls Sherlock, and right away the ex-soldier kneels next to his friend to help him take out a dark wooden crate from under the bed. "Predictable."
The car door shuts behind John while Sherlock gets closer to the main building. It's not the moment to try to be a poet but the way the sunset dresses the building made of bricks with a bright red is enough to take John's breath away. He looks at the different levels slotted together, always going higher and higher, covered with chimneys and decorated by windows which all seem to have a different shape or size. When his gaze stops on a black dome, ten or so meters away, John heavily swallows: he never liked height.
Later that day, back at Baker Street, on the first floor living-room's sofa , John sorts out his sister's insurance papers. The afternoon spent by her side was a new ordeal in their fragile relationship. Unmistakably, Harriet is well woken now, seeing the scandals she made when she respectively discovered the dress the hospital gave her, her lunch, and the fact that there was no TV in the room. They didn't speak about alcohol, under the doctors' advice and that's not something John really missed. In the meantime, he took the necessary brochures to register her in an expensive but renowned detoxification program.
The man turns around and goes slowly in a neighboring alley and when John understands he's following a boy about seven years old, he jumps up and accelerates between families to make a way. He by-passes a mother with arms charged by her children's bags, before rushing into the pathway. The boy scampers, slows down at the end of the street and waves at a grey car which stops next to him. There's a tall woman who gets out of it to open the rear door. She's not particularly soft with him but at least the resemblance is striking: the boy joined his mother.
Sherlock, for Heaven's sake, what's the point in knowing all that?" John moans, pushing away the letter and seeing his flatmate's mouth devouring his left nipple, which is only making him harder.
Sherlock's hands release the button and settle on the doctor's shoulders, lower than his, that he's carefully dusting.
"And how did you know I was planning to go to that representation?" Sherlock asks, looking at Moriarty.
," Sherlock explains very calmly, up on the couch, removing the darts fixed in the wall, before getting back into position to aim, this time at the musician's eyes.
” Lestrade almost barks, his upright finger between their bodies, and it is clear from his voice that Gregory Lestrade is a Dominator. “I have no idea how you can come up with such crap, but Sherlock and I never dated, is that clear? We lived together for about two years, but nothing happened…  Well, something almost did, once, but that’s all.”
They stay silent even if John feels Greg’s stare on him, absolutely waiting to talk about what is happening between the both of them (as it’s clear he understood) but John is really not ready for that talk so he goes back to the living-room, ready to fall back asleep on the couch when Molly and her boyfriend (
His voice breaks and his mouth clasps shut. John looks at his face, ribbed by blood and ignored tears. And suddenly the memory of Sherlock's voice in the other bedroom and in the park resonates.
The hands close around the wrists of the soldier and squeeze, hard. They could squeeze so much more and it's exactly what John's thinking about, everything that could be so much
"Ah, follow me," she winks, which moves the piercing on the arch of her eyebrow. "You're really going to cook this time? That changes from the other times when you were looking for White spirit, sterilized gloves and shovels. I was starting to believe you were a serial killer who buries the bodies of his victims, you know."
The doctor's hand barely hesitates and slips into the long black coat the detective didn't even remove. He doesn't need to see where he slips his fingers; he has done it a hundred times under the youngest's orders. Being the oneto make such a decision seems to offer him an absurd pride.
When he leaves Scotland Yard, he hesitates between taking the Northern line to join the Marie Stopes centre, near Fitzroy square, in which he still didn't postulate. When he was studying at Bart's, he came across young women dreaming about deepening their knowledge there and, even though he chose the path of gunpowder, he now understands this craze for this institution where he distinctly sees himself passing a couple of years. He's convinced that, in the Marie Stopes centre, he won't ever meet a chief like Barrow again.
When both men ring at 190 Westbourne Grove, they don't speak about the fur coats they see a few meters away from there, and about the restaurants with exorbitant prices, offering dishes John didn't even know existed. The house which they face is painted with a dark grey. They wait no more than one minute before a woman comes to open the door.
The detective hardly wrinkles his eyes, glances entirely at John before informing him with a quiet voice:
"I doubt it," laughs John, and faced with the inquiring looks, he gives some explanation. "It's just that... Murderers are mainly men... And in the infrequent case where it's really a woman who pulls the trigger, she rather aims at the stomach than at the head. It's less...
He could scientifically explain how Benjamin is different from them (an extra chromosome which upsets everything) but Sherlock already knows that. He doesn't have the words because he has no explanation; and in a way, Sherlock is right. It's strange to receive a lesson of life from Sherlock Holmes, it's not something John Watson would have thought possible. It's even crazier how this man never stops surprising him. He opens his lips, still a bit unsure of what he is going to answer (probably excuses, because he only knows to act that way when he hurts Sherlock) when Gregory comes back in the office, so furious that he immediately explodes:
John's body is heavy and the ache is underlying. The EKG/WCG monitor next to him is making a ridiculous racket. He doesn't even realise how many medicines they gave him so he wouldn't go crazy with pain. It also helps him to accept the forced immobilisation.
"The appendicitis," comments Sherlock, the hand a few centimeters away from the scar on the right side of the doctor, now that he dared to get up.
The blond gets up after briefly shaking his sister's valid leg to annoy her and disappears in the corridor to follow the usual way up to the distributor, before ordering two Snickers which he puts directly in his pocket. At the end of the fingers, he feels his mobile vibrating.
The detective lets go of the bitten lip, licks his own and doesn’t stop staring at John while he answers their landlady, raising his voice.
The blond man opened his eyes and the brown haired man closed his, like a quiet consent. Softly, he closed the door and finally, the room got back its semblance of sanctuary where John liked to get rest when he had a chance. John resumed his position under the blanket with all his weight, deliberately thrusting his head in the soft pillow and his brain groggy with sleep, which was repeating those four single words which never quitted the mind of this man, late of the Army Medical Department, perfect son, flawless brother, ex-soldier, honnest, courageous and reliable he has always, always has been.
Sherlock takes out of the file that John is still holding against him, and brings out the seat plan before spreading it over the sedan's bonnet.
The two flatmates look at each other for a long time and in each other's eyes, they can read the new and obvious anxiety which makes them live. In front of the man killed in the middle of the representation, John breathes out between his slightly opened lips and finally whispers:
The blond raises an eyebrow, his mouth hidden in the collar of his jacket which he raised, his left hand inside his pocket's warmth.
"Are you okay John? You look stressed out. Sherlock's suspecting something, right?" asks Molly, licking her thumb where a bit of taramasalata slid while she's furnishing the small toasts made by Mrs. Hudson.
John wants to stick a head in to see his house keeper but he finds the door closed. He goes to the second floor, makes a cup of tea with bergamot and orange, and takes a place on the sofa before sliding the computer on his knees. Contorting his feet, he removes his shoes, inhales profoundly and relaxes his neck by massing it with his free hand. He's always better seated in his armchair, but he doesn't like sitting in it when Sherlock is not there. To face the empty black leather seat is something really sad.
For all those who don't review, please, consider to do it, especially if the author tells you she/he loves/needs it. Even a simple "thank you" at the end of your reading can brighten an author's life. I'm not the first author who stops to publish because of the lack of feedback and as much as I LOVE fanfictions and the idea of sharing writings about my favorite shows, I have no energy, and worst, desire, left to publish.
Closing the plastic pocket, John raises his head and looks at Sherlock, sitting cross-legged against the bed, Saint-Saëns's
No answer. Sherlock fixes his wrinkled eyes on the closed door as if he could possibly convince it to open itself, but God has still enough courage to stand up to the detective and doesn't give him access to new supernatural powers. The brown-haired man curses out loud, highly disappointed. John feels obliged to reassure him:
It's so evident Sherlock wonders why he said it out loud, but judging by the look on the doctor's face, it's a good thing he did: it didn't seem clear to everyone. His roommate's lips open again, but he closes them before turning his face. He'll not talk for a while.
"He has not killed you in your sleep yet. It is very impressive, you know," answers John, getting back the file which the detective puts against his chest.
"I hope that you have all that you need. We are now leaving. Doctor, inspector," she greets before looking scornfully at Sherlock from top to bottom, without managing to tell him one word.
How could John be unhappy? He is a man – he's not a child, to begin- he has his two arms and his two legs, a roof for the night and a filled refrigerator - well, most of the time. So, maybe Sherlock grew up in a family where his parents expressed their feelings with delicacy, during perfectly healthy and well-balanced conversations, the fact remains that at the Watson's, they never learnt to question their feelings, and even less to juggle with nuance. Because nuances are like a snow globe. At first glance, you believe your world is a perfect and motionless scene, but it's enough to shake it with nothing but a small wrist movement before waking up hundreds of small flakes, which come to blur the fanciful idea you had made of your life. John's family never wanted to shake a snow globe.
John doesn't move any more, amazed by his own sentence. Not the best idea to speak about it at a suspect's place.
Lestrade shakes his head and all three of the men facing the mirror are looking at the sisters; Sheri tries to approach the youngest, which she refuses constantly.
"Okay, great," pants John, who really doesn't care about the case right now, not while the fair hairs of his chest rub against the milky skin of Sherlock's.
This is the last chapter of So Brave, So Quiet. This is something that I repeat often but I first wrote this story in French then I translated it myself, because I wanted to share my work with English speakers. I'm so amazed by this experience, publishing in French and publishing in English are two things so different. I learned so much, it was hard, I even got sad by lack of feedback sometimes, but there were some amazing people who commented here and there, who showed me their support and that absolutely gave a second life to this story.
"Well, we're going to try to reach it slowly, aren't we, Sherlock?" John warns by raising his eyebrows, but that doesn't make the detective react. Instead he's climbing on the sofa to put his face in front of papers hung higher than the rest of them.
John grins and rolls his eyes but he doesn't have time to sigh that already the sound of the iPod crashing into the ground makes him jump with surprise. Moriarty looks at the electronic mess, nostrils blowing under the rage and he turns around, passing a hand in his hair as if his moment of anger could really have make one of his slicked back hair move.
And while John's stomach still lives in the time difference, squeezing up at the sound of his name, his eyes jump from the DI to the detective, because they have, it seems, both understood. Sherlock closes his hands as if he has caught in his fists the truth and he's squeezing it for fear of revealing it, then it's Gregory who gives the deathblow:
The pressure on his wrists is stronger and John knows the wind didn't swallow his words this time. Closer to things, they talked for the first time.
John agrees. He knows that he doesn't have to answer this time so he keeps his face lowered. Sherlock's still looking at him. He
It's strange actually, it's the first time the ex-soldier is seated next to Sherlock, surrounded by so many people. The brunette has all the music discs of the world, so, why does he come here to listen to something he knows by heart?
"Don't worry, I only have a few questions concerning the evening of the concert and then you can go."
"He has two flatmates pretty alive, if it is any consolation... in any way," adds the detective, doing a vague gesture with his left hand.
. He pushes a bit more on his legs, feels his heels coming loose of the ground and doesn't really hope to keep one ounce of dignity because Sherlock saw him on all fours and now on his tiptoes anyway.
They couldn't have chosen a worse moment to discover this loophole in their relationship, where Sherlock has slid with so much ease while John is seriously starting to consider it as the only exit. Of course he's not gay, and of course he's not heterosexual, either, but to start a relationship (other than a friendly one) with his flatmate is a whole new level.
. John closes his eyes, opens his mouth and lets Sherlock's tongue stroke his. Their movements are slow, tender. Sherlock barely strokes John's wounded cheek, making him pulling a face.
The blond man explodes in laughter - the younger man can say whatever he wants but his lack of knowledge about the female tribe is definitely ridiculous.
to do with all of this murder thing," smiles Sheri awkwardly, obviously trying to calm the ambient tension.
John has already heard about this kind of code, a safeword, but he doesn't know all the mechanisms very well. He doesn't really think, because it's not possible, and answers hastily when he feels Sherlock's left hand closing around his fingers.
It's absurd, really, that Sherlock uses this word and John doesn't even know if he speaks about the way he lets go, or about him, or about something else. They're looking at each other without daring to blink (because everything comes back to their damned pride, as always), but John knows that he will not hold any longer, not like that, not while his flatmate moans and while his own stomach becomes ardent.
, for God's sake. He doesn't extort confessions from him, doesn't take what interests him before throwing it away like any experience. He
"Then, you have a relation of coital order with a woman 25 years younger than you. You could be her father, Angie Walsh was right, but we are not here to judge the moral problems it could bring," he concludes by getting up."Lestrade, we're done here, it's not him who killed Sherrer. Now, John, shall we go home? A good nap is imperative, don't you think?"
Sherlock takes a step towards his flatmate, taps his shoulder slightly and explains, lips stretched in a radiant smile, as if he's the winner of a game where he's apparently the only one who knows the rules.
"It's so boring, Sherlock, you shouldn't have acted like this. You should have played with me, the game would have been beautiful if we both had played it. But you were too slow and I want to do something else now."
, which are grumbling like the rising thunder. If it has the merit to make Benjamin smile, John senses around him the rising tension. Lestrade is up on his feet, hands in his pockets, and he scrutinises the detective harshly. And if the witnesses are looking at each other, apparently bothered, the musicians bend toward each other to murmur words the doctor easily imagines are filled with awkwardness.
"John," and it's only a word, but that's enough to stop him in a visceral way and show him that Sherlock isn't kidding at all.
Sherlock returns his smile before going into the kitchen from which he immediately comes back out of.
"Sherlock..." starts John, flattening the newspaper on the kitchen table for a long time just to have something to do with his hands.
He remains silent, hands mutually massaging, and listening to both women, he has a moved thought for all these years they spent together, drowned in bourbon bottles which Harriet took for allies. He always loved Clara - what's not to like about her? A little older than them, she has always been an example of kindness with a subtle humor which the ex-soldier particularly appreciates. He's a little ashamed, but when he was younger, when his sister had presented her to him, he had a little crush on that woman. Several times, slightly drunk with his war companions, he had dared to wonder what a woman like Clara was doing with someone like his sister. But it's a thought so lame that he doesn't want to think about it anymore, whatever his sister makes or says. And whatever she drinks.
The percussion instruments join the race. Already gone the naivety, now it's the beauty of a fight Liszt seems to translate. And it's not John Watson who would withdraw on the battlefield. Without realising it, he leans too, presses the leather on his elbows on the barrier and turns his head toward Sherlock, but his flatmate doesn't do the same. The detective keeps his clear eyes on Denosa's soften gestures - and it's easy to see the drop of sweat at the back of his neck. There's no time anymore, not even South or North, it's one of those perfect moment where there's only music left, to their ears, their eyes and their wholly souls. How far away the Bee Gees are with their morbid promise.
But of course John can't look away while he dives into the shady water of Sherlock's eyes in which he drowns himself without remembering how to breathe. He doesn't need to look at his own body to feel the dichotomy; he's old and marked, and Sherlock's of an impertinent beauty. It's maybe because he has in mind the absurd cliché that the oldest body should be the one in charge that he finds this situation such a delicious indecency.
"Would you have a kettle and some tea, here, by any chance?" Sherlock asks, inspecting the bedroom as if he could really find this kind of utensil.
"I can't leave him, do you understand? I love him. Maybe not as others think, but I love him enough to fight for him."
"Scary thing, isn't it? To be vulnerable, I mean. I guess it's what attracted me to you, since the beginning actually, the way you seem out of reach. Invincible," the doctor murmurs in return.
John falls silent as he attempts to cross his arms against his chest but grimaces when he moves his splinted arm only by an inch.
The lights switch off gracefully, like a candle flame someone would have blown, and John's eyes open wide. He turns his head and Sherlock does the same. They look at each other and it's useless to count on the lack of luminosity to hide the discreet smile on his face. It's clear that if Sherlock could have paid for the first class seats, John could have never done the same and his pride would have never allowed his friend to pay for him. So here they are, both seated on squeaking folding seats with cushions as soft as stones, but at least, they're seated next to each other. It seems to be enough for Sherlock. At least, it's enough for John.
The oldest of the Holmes brothers leaves the door open and comes into the doctor's bedroom, looking at everything around him as if he is about to buy the place.
"Gregory!" she smiles, turning her head to ask silently for a kiss which he gives her without waiting.
"Of course we're surrounded by boring people. But there's something here you can't find in the recording," answers Sherlock, his eyes still fixed on Denosa of whom the gestures become quicker, which means the piece is almost over. "The unexpected," he finally smiles, turning his head to John and it's not really embarrassing if they're so close to each other that the blond man feels the breath of this flatmate against his face, because they have to be as quiet as possible, so it's the only reason why he accepts this proximity, of course.
. I find people only talking about themselves absolutely bewitching. I love them, they are my favourites because they're so sad,” he smiles and walks to the telescope he's now inspecting. “They're everywhere, every time. You're asking them how they are and they answer ‘
The doctor raises his eyebrows and contemplates the keyboard which is waiting for the demonstration of a repartee he knows very weakly, and as if Sherlock knows what is going on in the small chamber of the second floor, he pursues:
"What are you talking about?" intervenes Craig Jennings, with a lost look on his face and a trembling voice.
John is suffocating, he's drowning. He tries to get up but his body still refuses to move. His eyes open and cry. Sherlock strokes his face, he's behind him now.
"What? Don't be stupid, I could have..." he begins to laugh, but Sherlock immediately stops him by raising a hand to catch his attention.
John gives a sad smile and comes near his friend, both hands in the back pockets of his jeans. He looks at the darts sticking out Sherrer's dark brown eyes, him who's smiling,
on it. "The bullet pierced the left rear side of his skull. According to the angle, the shooter was seated behind him, in the seats up there."
He's now wearing a mustard jumper with big stitches, in which he wrapped himself up as soon as he left the bed. He usually prefers to get dressed before coming down to the first floor (a stupid story of mutual respect between flatmates, which one of them has never respected), but today, the idea of leaving his pajamas is not more attractive than vacuuming. It's necessary to say that with Sherlock, boundaries were a bit questioned since John saw his cupboard so very, very near. To be confined in a corner, embraced by a man, it's not really something of which the ex-soldier is used to. But neither is it something which he particularly loathed. To tell the truth, it would even be the opposite.
, before sitting down again. On the record player, the Christmas carols of Sinatra and Nat King Cole are playing. It's the first year that John has spent Christmas Eve at Baker Street and he discovers, with a lot of surprise, a family atmosphere that he would never have imagined between the woman who put her husband in prison, the sociopath, and the policeman whose honor was sullied by a bloody divorce. He should stop jumping to hasty conclusions.
Listening to his gut, John approaches to prevent Sherlock from saying something that will hurt this broken father with sad eyes and smiles at him.
The receptionist had finished her turn and was replaced by a much less attractive, older version of Olivia Newton-John.
John's skin gets whiter one second before colouring to a dark pink, which the doctor looks at, stunned. He raises his eyes as slowly as possible and when they meet those of his flatmate, he doesn't even try to retain the formless complaint which grumbles in his closed mouth. Sherlock leaves the tip of the crop against his hand and everything in his attitude inspires a sort of bestial respect. His almond eyes take on a denser, darker colour. A troubled water where John's body feels itself sinking.
Note: Hi everyone. This is the second to last chapter I'm publishing on FanFiction. The story is 27 chapters long but I won't publish chapter 26 and 27 on FanFiction, you'll be able to find them on AO3 though, where I'm publishing the story too. So Brave, So Quiet is one of my biggest adventure when it comes to FanFiction. I wrote it in French then I translated it in English. I enjoyed every second I spent writing or translating it... and then there's the publication.
For the doctor, it's not a problem to imagine Sherlock's chest. White, spotless, perfect undoubtedly. In comparison, his has to look like Verdun after the trench warfare. Seated and slightly slumped like this, the discreet paunch he's been trying to get rid of for years is a bit amplified. He sits up straight, pushed by a pride which has airs of survival instinct.
In the silence made wet by Steele's pearls of sweat, there's only the noise of the creaking door when Sally brings in one cup which she puts on the table. She never makes coffees, it's a matter of principles, but if that allows her to glance at a suspect, she'll never complain about it. It's something that Sherlock would be capable of and John carefully avoids evoking the comparison by jumping on the coffee which he had the good idea to command, after his sleepless night.
"I do, really. I'm sorry I gave you the impression I couldn't be trusted, so that you couldn't tell me you were in a relationship. And I'm sorry that Sherlock told me without any restraint that you... offered her a collar. And that she was the kind of girl to wear one," John murmurs, hands in his pockets, his mouth hidden behind the collar of his jacket.
On his bedside table stood around twenty tapes, swapped and more rarely bought, all representative of musical styles very different, for which he had the same interest. Only Madonna didn't have a place in his earphone, already listened in a loop - and way too loudly - in the next room, where Harry put on the walls posters of the singer with the cone bra. Thinking about it today made John realise there were some signs concerning his sister's future liking, indeed.
The doctor closes his eyes while he imprisons the dry leather against his palate. The sensation is strange, undoubtedly not natural. All the more reason to continue. He touches the intruder that he has accepted into him with his teeth, embraces it with all the ardent slickness of his tongue, and takes great delight in that enactment of a kiss with a contained groan.
They're on a swaying metallic construction and John finally understands what is in renovation at the observatory: the dome balcony. The footbridge they're walking on has small holes on it, through which he sees the yellow and purple flowers below and the invisible hand which is holding him by the stomach pulls even harder. He jumps in surprise when he feels fingers (real ones this time) closing around his forearm. It's Sherlock and he stares at his smile and gaze.
John Watson understands Sherlock Holmes won't fall, because Sherlock Holmes just wants to look down. It's how Sherlock Holmes works, far away from people, but closer to things, distant from living beings, protected by winds the brave -but not reckless- won't even try to cross.
"Somewhere over there, I believe," indicates Jennings by crushing his dirty finger on two seats, and at least neither Sherlock nor John need to take out a felt-tip to make a mark.
"Well, yes, yes it's going great. We've been in London since Monday and we're leaving for Belgium in three days."
"I know what I shall offer you when you come to celebrate Christmas in Hastings at our parents' home: pyjamas."
He gobbles up the rest of the reddened bread in his mouth and they run together toward the car, still parked close to the B&B.
It's soon forgotten when Sherlock finds an open service entrance. They walk through a small corridor, brand new given the whiteness of the walls which is burning their eyes, and they slow down their pace to not make any noise. They end up on another hallway, larger, and all the doors facing them make them sigh.
"Well, I didn't think of having this conversation with you one day but thank you. I thought you were more the kind of man to avoid this kind of thing."
"No way! Mad as you are, you're really going to get me shot!" answers Anderson, already standing, ready to run away.
. And to see it every day and to face it, it's not something that he can do. Because John Watson's worst enemy is on John Watson's body.
The doctor smiles, following the example of his friend, and gets up to shake his hand, his left firmly attached to the file.
of his phone brings him back to the so-calm order of his doctor life. He turns off his screen before his next patient comes in the room. Gastroenteritis.
"I'm his flatmate. The almond paste is for the cake for my surprise birthday," Sherlock smiles, seeming to be particularly proud to be able to surprise the young woman who raises her second eyebrow, without a piercing this time.
