“I have some information and possible good news for you John but I fear that if I give you this news, our journey will be at an end.”
“I have a location for his phone but I am betting that they dumped it.”
We tucked into our supper. The cook had done herself proud with the preparation of the food. The beer was a fine match to the curry as well.
I put my hand on his head and said, “I accept his kind offer.”
“He won’t hit me,” I said.
Jim shouted, “Shotgun!” and ran for the passenger’s side front seat.
“And he is beautiful,” I said, “He would be almost three years old now. He’s with Mycroft.”
“Tonight, you can use your voice for two things. Screaming and apologizing once you can no longer scream.”
He started his list as to what he was going to do to anyone involved in this as he felt himself passing out.
He proceeded to cover my backside with very skillful marks.
She went and grabbed him by the balls hard. I saw him wince but not make a sound.
“I’m not your servant Mr. Holmes,” said Jim.
I filled the tub with hot water and added some bath salts that I knew he liked the smell of.
“That because, my dear boy, you didn’t shoot me. You shot James Moriarty.”
I could feel my knees crumple at the sight of him and my sense seem to fade away for a moment as my brain tried to understand what I was seeing.
William said to his father before he left, “Can we have Uncle John here for dinner again soon?”
He looked hard at me taking in everything for a bit and then said, “Ah.”
“Come along Watson. It would not be proper for you to fall asleep here,” I said with a chuckle.
I did not expect the opened handed slap that came across my face. My ears were ringing from the blow and I fell to my side.
“It was…simpler to do so. We couldn’t separate them even as infants without serious consequences to their health and well being. Which is why I chose the woman to be my wife so carefully.”
“Sherlock told me about his training including his overcoming certain…problems in the bedroom arena,” said Mycroft.
I was embarrassed at my lack of control.
Greg laughed and promise to bring take-home for dinner for the three of them.
“Ah the Doctor finally returns to us,” said Moriarty, “Good. I was getting tired of playing with these worn out things.” She gestured to Sherlock and Moran.
My arms were very tired and I was starting to have trouble lifting the sticks I was holding when Holmes entered the room. He stripped to the waist and picked up another set of batons. I went to get my shirt only to be cut off by Holmes and a well placed baton.  I blocked and went for the bench where my shirt was only to have Holmes counter my block and place himself between me and the bench.
“Is he awake?” he heard the voice of what he classified as the first man he was going to kill.
“I apologize Watson. I know what you have done is with my best interests at heart. You were not wrong to involve Mary. I do not think she or her mistress are our problem.”
“How do you feel?” asked Yama.
He sighed as he slipped back under. Oh what he had planned for his captors. He figured that by the end they were going to wish that Seb had put a bullet in their heads.
Mycroft made sure that the press got wind of a story that Sherlock was very ill having contracted a fever during his last case and I was taking care of him. Because of the unknown fever, we were isolating ourselves from the rest of the world. Mrs. Hudson would bring up meals and leave them outside our door.
“His body is healing,” said Delek, “the bigger concern is his mind which is splintered.”
Both Sherlock and Seb shuddered at the look on John’s face but were so glad that it was not aimed at them.
Sherlock unclipped the leash and Greg bounded onto the bed licking the slick from John’s legs and ass. John squealed in delight. Greg turned to Sherlock his face covered in John’s slick. Sherlock took Greg’s head into his hands and proceeded to bath Greg’s face with his tongue before French kissing him. Greg purred from the attention.
John had adjusted to his new lot in life for the most part. That Sherlock continued to tinker with John’s Omega status was annoying to John but considering that he was mated to the mad bastard, he just expressed his feelings loudly and then let it go. The irregular heats were both figuratively and literary a pain in the ass. He felt lucky that he had found a medical practice that was willing to put up with his schedule. They felt lucky because they had an Omega Doctor on the staff which many practices could not say so the number of patients using the clinic increased.
There were apologies that followed and we were whisked away out of the town for a ways to a large foreboding looking manor.
The next morning the light came streaming into the room and I heard Sherlock stir.
I watched at the slaves place chairs in a semi circle with my chair being the focal point.
“Molly at the Morgue?” asked Seb.
Our trip up North was trouble by nothing. No one recognized us or even paid attention to us.
“Shut her up,” said Zaram, “She will have us found out.”
“Mr. Holmes has outlined your problem to me,” He said while we were served dinner by his slaves, “ We need to ensue our safety and the safety of our property. Now how I can I help?”
It was then that John noticed how GOOD Sherlock smelled. It wasn’t the body wash or the scenting. There was something that he had to….
John bent down and stroked Jim’s hair, “You don’t have to be here love while we do this. I can have Tiger take you home. I know how hard this is for you.”
She went over and grabbed Sherlock’s hair and pulled him to his feet. He swayed a bit but did not move. I could see that his eyes were pinpoints and that there were fresh tracks on his arm.
“Doctor Watson,” I heard a voice say, “Are you all right?”
“I can teach you, “I said as I pulled out a small book of handwritten recipes, “I make my Master’s meals when we are traveling.”
I was manhandled back to my cot and dumped with the orders to behave.
We spent the rest of the evening planning how we were going to do this and when.
“Roll over please,” he said.
I had not been expecting the man he introduced me to. If you had listed what I liked in a man, Watson was a majority of that. Plus I discovered much to my delight that he had a quick brain and could, for the most part, keep up with me. He had a wealth of knowledge and experience that only made him more valuable to me.
I crouched down in front of her.
He looked at me with such a sad expression, “There is this,” he said tapping the side of his head.
I didn’t answer.
I nodded and lay down on the straw pallet. I started to moan pitifully.
“The accents?” asked William.
The train ride was tedious. We passed the time whispering to each other finding out bits and pieces of information. I discovered that three of our number didn’t speak English but fortunately most of us spoke French and German. I was the only one who spoke Russian so I translated for one young man who was very scared. This was his first contract.
Sorry this took so long but Awesome Con was AWESOME. I met Bill Nye one of my all time idols! And I saw the Capaldi/Coleman Q&A which was late and cut short but the time that we had to hear them was brilliant.
He smiled. This had turned out better than he could have dreamed.
“Where are we?” I asked.
The Lama examined Sherlock from head to toe very carefully. At one point Sherlock stirred up the Lama did something and he went back into a deep sleep.
There was a gasp from the people in the seats.
“The envelope is of good quality but old. There is some yellowing at the corners suggesting it has been stored towards a window with a southern exposure. Probably in a northern climate given the age of the paper,” said Holmes as he turned the envelope over in his hands.
I heard the jangling of chain just before I felt my wrists being clipped to the chains and my arms being raised towards the ceiling. My legs were chained to the floor so I did not have much movement.
“Doctor Watson?” Yama asked.
The stable was what they called their prostitution operation that prided itself on catering to all adult tastes. They also tended to entrap pedophiles and turn them over to the police when they found out what they wanted. It earned them the trust of some honest cops as well as the ones they had on the books.
“We are calling you Uncle John,” I said.
I quickly stripped off my clothing and put them away.
“Sherlock, get your pet to heel or I will,” said John.
Mary pounded me on my back and said, “For the most part.”
John smiled an evil smile, ‘I have plans for them’.
She came back over to me and grabbed my nipples hard. She pinched and pulled at them bring them to hard points. She stepped back and admired her handy work.
“How do you know me?”
“I find it amazing as to your loyalty to a man who has never done right by you. This is the second time you have picked poorly for men to master you. I don’t think they even knew the exquisite beast that they owned. And you are magnificent Dr. Watson. And funny that both of them died at my hand or rather my orders. Well one dead and the other…..” he chuckled an evil chuckle, “let’s say that Sherlock Holmes the man is dead.”
He heard the opening cords and the curtain opened.
I found the people friendly enough although a bit distant and the weather was bone chilling.
We left the hotel and went to a country estate somewhere in Austria where I learned what I had gotten myself into and was terrified that I would not be able to get myself out.
Two big brutes that were sitting in the back came forward and followed Sherlock as he made his way back to the SUV.
“Simply Sherlock Holmes,” I said, “No more. No less.”
He laughed, “I am the farthest thing from a Sir you will ever meet. Now get up and get dressed we are leaving.”
I internally sighed and relaxed my knees not knowing how long this would be.
I got off the bed and knelt in front of him. “I live to serve you and only you. You order and I obey. My will and my life are yours to do with as you will. I pledge my servitude to you and you alone.”
He showed me his teeth and said, “Go fuck yourself, you Pashtun dog.”
So problems and solutions.
I opened my mouth but Yama gestured to stay quiet. We stood and watched as Delek walked around Holmes several times. He clapped his hands together and several monks appeared. He spoke to them. They untied Holmes and put him on a stretcher they had brought it. They left the room as silently as they came in.
I looked up at her.
Sherlock crawled to in front of her chair and went to hands and knees.
Seb had the car keys in his hand before he knew he was putting his hand in his pocket.
“Watson, you are my faithful servant,” he said as he curled around me and we both fell into a deep and dreamless sleep.
“I love him Mycroft with every fiber of my being. I thought after what happened to me in Afghanistan I would never feel the way I feel again much less to feel it so much stronger. I would do anything to keep him safe.”
We walked out of the cave to find Moran and Moriarty on horseback with several of Moriarty’s slaves holding guns on us. The hounds snapped and snarled at us with foam at their jaws.
Then came word of a slave sale and party that Moriarty was throwing in a weeks time before he left for parts unknown.
Eventually I was loaded off the train onto a cart and taken to what would become my new home which was the estate of the Baron.
“I was head master when Mr. Holmes attended Eton. All most handed in my resignation a number of times during his attendance.”
Sherlock drained the dirty water from the tub and pulled John up to standing. He turned on the taps and proceeded to rinse John with a plastic bowl.
John got up and looked at Sherlock.
“Good. I will hold you to that,” he said putting his collar up to obscure his face.
“Yes Sir,” I said using very heavily accented English, “He came to our camp to buy good from us.”
“Ah Watson, the pain I have caused you,” he said.
“So Doctor Watson, you are ready to take your leave?” asked Delek.
Thank you for commenting and reading. It is nice to hear that I am engaging my audience.
Jim said, “Now Jamie, we talked about this. The Baron is the client we have been looking for if we want to advance the operation and expose our tormentors.”
His voice trailed off. I held him close and wept for what he lost. He comforted me as I tried to comfort him and we fell asleep.
“Toby”
I grabbed the case and we left as we came.
They walked over to me and placed a hand on my shoulder and whispered in my ear at the same time, “And you my pet. You will be my personal project Mr. Holmes.”
She grinning a wicked grin and said, “Could have fooled me since I am quite satisfied. You John?”
I slipped in and closed to the door rather annoyed by the position of the furniture.
He stroked the man’s hair until he fell asleep again, “Ah Watson, what you do to me.”
When Toby got a good look at the dungeon set up within he balked and started pulling on the leash. A quick shock got him moving forward and into the room.
“I have several that I could state but John you really don’t need me to tell you what might happen. You have delivered a number of babies in your time.”
“No. I will not void the contract. You haven’t done anything to cause me to want out from under you.”
Tiger did as he was told and started sucking the cock trying to get it hard again.
We are closer to the end of this rather than the beginning
We heard the sound of dogs howling in the distance but they seemed to be getting closer.
She grabbed my hair and hissed in my ear, “Tell Mycroft that his little brother is safe but will only remain there if he backs off. And I strongly suggest you toddle back to England to find yourself a new Master since your present one is in no condition to take care of himself much less you.”
Seb put an end to that with a button that activated the shock collar which caused the man to almost pass out which pulled on the leash and started to strangle him. Seb undid the leash and handed it to Jim.
Jim whispered, “You are worried too.”
I got him up from the bath before it cooled entirely. I wrapped him in soft towels and dried him off.
I have written and rewritten this chapter a number of times and I have decided to just put this out.
Sherlock helped John out of the tub and dried him off.
He went over to John and said, “So do you want to fuck him?”
Yama handed me the glass and said, “Glenlivet. We do keep a store of this for ‘medicinal purposes’ and I think this qualifies.”
“So how are our kidnappers?” asked John as he swirled the scotch in his glass.
He felt his master’s fingers run through his hair and snag pulling his head back to meet his master’s eyes.
Jamie appeared and came to the center of the circle.
I might need a new beta as mine's life has made it hard for them to get things back to me in a timely fashion.
Considering how much the men I was with had to drink, I was not worried about being discovered causally.
She pointed to the space in front of her chair, “Shirley, be a good girl and give Mommy a place to put her feet.”
I watched Holmes relax and if he had a tail, he would have been wagging it. He went over to Delek to talk to him as if he was a dog and petting him. I know I had been doing the same thing but it was disturbing.
“I have to be careful about how I lay in with it as I do not want to do permanent damage, but I do want my pet to remember this night every time he sits for the next week or so. You have to be careful about bruising which I will not be since this is punishment.”
“Good boy,” said Holmes. He sounded quite pleased. That made me all the harder.
She smiled, stood up gracefully, and went back to her seat.
“Did you make copies?” Mycroft asked.
“What news is that?”
Thank you for reading. Sorry this took me so bloody long. Health went south then my partner's health took a side. Finally feeling human again.
And we have turned a corner here. Not everything is perfect but we are well on our way to healing these poor boys.
He held a ball for the Tzesarevich and all the local rich and nobles attending.
We were off loaded into a lorry still blindfolded. Once at our destination, we were unchained from each other and led into what I discovered was the dungeon were we were separated from each other and placed into individual cells. Our chains were removed.
There was a pause then thunderous applause and more money tossed onto the stage. He pushed himself up and walked off stage. The boys gathering the money and the costume and his prop from the stage stepped out of his way.
I pulled at his grip but he did not let go.
John stood up and removed the rest of his clothing. He shook his ass at his two mates and then sprinted to the bedroom with the Alphas in hot pursuit.
They drove across London to Saffron Hill to Guido’s on New Fetter Lane.
I didn’t get any further because the moment I said his name, he started to convulse and his eyes rolled up in his head. I held him as the fit went on to keep him from hurting himself. Eventually the tremors slowed down and he seemed to ease into sleep.
John whined and tried to get up on his hands and knees.
I couldn’t say anything.
I did say that John is dark, right?
He hit the space bar and the video started right up. It was Mycroft strapped to the chair with Jim between his knees. The sounds of Sherlock’s torture in the background and if one looked closely one could see what was happening to Sherlock in a clever reflection.
“You wanted to know what you can do for us. Leave Holmes here. He will be cared for until he is ready to leave.”
“Friends, I have cleared the rooms so you may have some privacy but if you need anything, there is a small gong in the main room that will summon an attendant.”
Mycroft put his hand on a folder next to him, “Apparently you haven’t looked at your contract recently. Sherlock added a clause.”
“It depends,” I said carefully, “Where do you think we are?”
“Watson,” he said in his best ‘I am so disappointed in you’ voice,” Is that what you think I am angling for?”
“Thank you John.”
“Sir, he doesn’t remember what you told him.”
I left and returned to Baker Street and had tea with Mrs. Hudson catching her up on all that had happened and with her I was totally honest.
“Proceed.”
Sherlock grabbed a cab and went around to the front of the place.
We sat there like that for a bit and the world seemed more balance to me than it had in days.
I hope y'all are still reading. I do appreciate every eyeball that comes across my works.
Comments and Kudos are loved and appreciated.
Sherlock entered the house and followed Jim into John’s office or rather Jim and John’s office.
“No more than yourself Holmes,” I said a little hurt.
I weighed my options and decided that getting the Chief to climax was not the worse things he could have had me do for the information.
“No, stay there so I can look at you,” came that voice.
I smiled and continued my ministration of both his thumb and his cock.
Sherlock read through the papers and opened the map onto another autopsy table.
We picked up the debris from our lunch and walked back into town to the telegraph office.
John watched Sherlock handle his pet. He came up behind Sherlock and hugged him.
In short order I had what I asked for. I tied Sherlock to one of the horses and put Moriarty in front of me on Lucy.
“Now that the niceties are out of the way, how was it possible for two boys to be abducted from one of the safest schools in England?”
Greg was choking himself on his collar trying to get to John.
I knew they thought he was talking about Mycroft Holmes not knowing that William was talking of another Holmes entirely.
The two boys scampered away from the door and back to the straw pallet on the floor against the cold stone wall of the basement. They waited for the door to open but the footsteps walked by the door.
Jim moaned as Seb teased him to fullness then gobbled him down. The orgasm was nice and allowed him to fall asleep all the while plotting how he was going to win.
“That’s a start. Delek thinks that talking about what happened will help him heal. And the more information you can give us, the better we can help him.”
In short time we found ourselves back in Baker Street. I handed off our valises, hats, and coats to Harold who was Mrs. Hudson’s new boy. Holmes ran up to the sitting room and I heard him stop abruptly as he got to the door.
Then I began to plan how I was going to join in the festivities safely.
He pulled my well-worn leather collar from his coat pocket and bucked it around my neck.
“Hmmmm,” said the woman, “ Turn around.”
Delek chuckled.
That evening we snuck in with the guard that was escorting the Nawab to the party. Once in the guards were shown to the stable where food and drink and entertainment had been set up for them. Zaram and I managed to peel off and change into the guard uniforms that the household was wearing. We walked around the perimeter of the house and found several points that we could use to either enter or exit. We took the path of least resistance and walked into the house through the kitchen.
He attacked and I defended barely. We danced around the practice ring with me on the defensive the entire time. It was not a fair fight since I had worked myself to the point of extreme fatigue but I was holding my own. Until he caught me across the left wrist with a heavy blow causing me to drop the stick I was holding. He followed that with a strike on my right and somehow got a feign in that caused me to lose the stick I was holding with my right hand. Now I was using only my hands and feet to keep him from landing blows. But it was a short fight after that as he got hit after hit on me until I fell to the ground.
He stood up and I could see he was naked under the gown. He removed the gag from my mouth and let me adjust my jaw a bit.
Time went on. Days turned into weeks. Holmes was in control of himself more often than not. We took up learning the monastery’s fighting technique. It was interesting to me because a number of the moves mirrored what I learned in training but this was so much more elegant. I discovered that I had a knack for stick fighting and, eventually, became the champion of the monastery much to just about everyone’s surprise.
John sighed, “I don’t know. I just wish I could get him to play with me rather than him getting so jealous if I want to play with someone else. We could have so much fun together if I could only get him to see that.”
“How the deuce did you figure that out?” I said.
“Bread, cheese, a couple of apples and a pitcher of water it seems.”
I lay there for a while carefully tugging at my bonds when I realized that I could release myself from them if I wanted to. I was debating on if I should when I heard the scraping of a door and I saw a man enter with a candle that he put on the table next to my bed.
He looked at Moriarty who nodded. I cut him loose and let him go.
I sweated and fumed until my mind couldn’t take it anymore. I left the hot room and plunged into the pool of cool water. I swam for a bit letting my body cool along with my mind before getting a massage and retiring to the cooling room.
(See the end of the chapter for
“John you know that she did love you in her own way,” came a quiet voice that was choking back tears.
I had a bad feeling in the pit of my stomach, “I didn’t agree to any new clauses to my contract.”
After they had finished, they both stood up and bowed to us.
This went well until the rains that had been threating finally made their appearance and the faint traces of the wagon vanished as the water hit the dirt. Then the skies opened up and the road became a stream.
The next couple of days were the same routine.
“Ah Watson, what would I do without you?” he said challenging me to answer him. I did not because I knew how this game was played.
“How many days have you felt ill?”
He laughed a deep belly laugh and I reveled in the sound that I had not heard in so long.
I saw that they had strapped him down to the bed.
I followed him to the massage room, which had been set up with everything I could need. I quickly figured out that this is where he had gotten the oil he had used on me.
John tried to calm down but he was on the brink of both extremely pissed and Horney and he didn't know which would win out.
I really don’t remember much beyond that until I awoke here. It is bits and pieces of fragments of memory. I found that I was missing chunks of time and there were voices whispering in my head.
“Then what? This makes no sense Holmes. Think of it as acting on a whole other stage.”
“Seb, It’s Sherlock. I hate to ask but is John with you?”
Ok slight revision on this one over all
He finished an aria that I knew he particularly loved. He carefully and lovingly placed the violin and bow into the case and fastened the clasps.
“No.  Do not hide this from me,” said the voice as he grabbed my cock and tugged on it hard. It did nothing dissuade my erection.
After he left I motioned to Dmitri to help me sit up. He did as I asked him to.
“Ah Sherlock if I had only known that all I had to do was tie YOU down and torment you. You should see how stiff your cock is. It looks ready to burst. In fact I had better do something about it before you do.”
She placed her hand on the back of my neck, “Can you bring her back to me?”
“He’s part of Nicholas’ entourage. His absence will be noticed immediately. Apparently Nicholas thinks the world of his English physician.”
“Test you?”
He decided to try it and thought how sexy it would be to watch his two Alphas wank each other off as they kissed.
Mrs. Hudson took my hand and directed me inside. She led me up to the sitting room and made me sit down.
His master had given him a set of instructions that he knew he had to fulfill. But it was hard to see how he was even going to start this. He knew nothing of how to do this.
He leans back against the pole and puts one arm above his head. He grabs the pole, takes the dildo and rubs it against his lips.
Now he had given me a challenge.
He slowed down his breathing realizing that he was breathing in the mask. He could hear the hiss of oxygen being feed into it.
They left the lift and walked down a steel and concrete hallway through a door that led into an auditorium full of people.
I grabbed it as it fell and read it.
Wiggins tapped a code onto the keypad and the lift doors opened.
Getting out from his end was not happening. He had to depend on others to get him out of this situation.
My biggest concern was that he had not said a word. There had been screams and moans that broke my heart. He seemed to have lost language and I wondered what else he had lost.
“Sorry?” said Yama.
“Who closed this?” she snapped.
“Sir” he said and did as I asked.
Yes, they are in Tibet and safe for a bit.
‘Ok’ he thought as his mind drifted into unconsciousness, ‘Camera might get to live.’
There was a lot of swearing and I was beating until I lost continuousness.
“Good,” he said and his men loaded the bags on the mules they had brought.
I went back up to our rooms and waited for Sherlock to return.
“Shhhhh,” I said trying to hold onto the now squirming body in my arms.
“You are going to help me,” came a voice behind me. I turned to see the oldest man I had ever seen in my life. Wizen with age but still very much alive. His eyes were that of a young man.
He worked hard on making me harder to almost the point of exploding again but I pushed him back taking him off balance and he fell to his side mouth open ready for whatever was next.
“He’s beautiful. He looks exactly like Sherlock did when he was born. But William? Really?”
“Thank you Master. Thank you,” Moran looked like he had been given the most wonderful present in the world.
Each strike led to various sound from the men involved.
She looked into his eyes for a long time and said, “I think I will have to purchase this one. Make a note for me Seb. I want to make this one mine.”
Mycroft burned with shame. John had him and both men knew it. Mycroft would do anything to keep what happened out of that room.
“Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to another in a series of lectures to educate and edify. Tonight Dr. Langstrom is going to demonstrate a very interesting technique of dislocating and relocating joints. This can be very useful for discipline of a recalcitrant servant.”
That night Will wrapped me up again and put a blanket over my face.
He looked almost wistful, “Yes I have and yours as well.”
I sighed and said, “Just know that my eyesight may be compromised depending how my body reacts.”
“How shall I punish you?”
“What if this is directed at me? What if this is because of something I have done in the past?”
We went back to the camp and worked to make sure that we could not be ambushed.
“Would you like to make a wager?”
I did as I was ordered.
I glared at her.
“Sebastian said that Jim figured it would be the last place anyone would have an orgy so it would be the best place for it. And fortunate for us that Nicholas’ itinerary puts right there the day of the party. We slip off and have our fun. Then be back before anyone is the wiser.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The camera pulled back on John who was scowling.
“I tracked Moran but always seemed to be a couple of steps behind until we came face to face in Amsterdam. I then led him on a merry chase to London where I knew we would have our final conflict. Which we have now had and you brought to a satisfying conclusion.”
I needed no verbal orders but quickly knelt between his legs and worshiped his body with my hands, lips and tongue. I took the head of his now full erect member into my mouth and started licking and sucking it. He threw his head back with a lustful groan.
Sherlock snapped his fingers and pointed to John’s cock, “Suck.”
We had waited to see if we could figure out what was going on but that was not happening so we decided that escape would be the best thing for it.
I shrugged.
I finished and stood at attention.
I moved but he shoved me back so I went limp.
I tried to get off the bed in a dignified manner but my body had other ideas and I fell flat hitting all my bruises on the way down and opening up some of my half healed cuts.
I heard him muttering in that falsetto voice that pained me so, “I’ll be good Master. I’ll be good. Don’t teach me a lesson. Please, don’t. This is a test. I have to pass the test. I don’t need correction. I’m the Master’s good girl. I can’t…” He put his fist in his mouth to stifle a scream.
Moran straightened up and said, “I didn’t miss. I was distracted. I got the target. He was to be collateral damage.”
He put me back in order and said, “Very well Sir, when you can feel your legs again. I invite you to join me in the bedroom. I have some more service to perform on your person.”
“Shall we try that again. Maybe you should go greet him properly.”
“Not yet my dear one. Give yourself some more time to recover. I am very proud of you and you will be rewarded for this evening.”
“I have to thank your Master for these spices,” she said sniffing the different packets, “I need to figure out how best to use them.”
I sat down and he poured us both a scotch. He handed me a glass and then sat in his chair across from mine.
Comments and Kudos are appreciated.
“Of what concern is it of yours?” shouted Mycroft, “They are my sons! They have been kidnapped from one of the few places that I though there was not a chance for them to be so.”
He came out to find Toby standing up and trying to open the door. Sherlock sighed and pushed the remote-control button in his pocket as Toby turned and tried to rush him only to find themselves on the floor clawing at the collar around their neck.
“Go.”
“Goawayfivemoreminutes,” came the reply.
I took a pull and waited.
“She’s my wife and my friend. I know it was in name only but over time it has become more than that. I will never forgive myself if I don’t”
Comments and Kudos fuel my muse and are cuddled and read a lot.
Toby was enjoying the feeling of the massage on his scalp. If he could have made a noise, it would have been a happy one.
He took my hands and had me cross my wrists behind me and tied them together.
He let me lead him to bed. I sat him on the edge and helped him out of his clothes. I was about to put on his nightshirt when I got a wicked thought.
He reaches down and from a hidden shelf in the front of the stage pulls an obscenely large purple glittery dildo. He winks at the leader of the group in front of him and gracefully rolls to his feet. He turns and grabs the pole. He swings wide and low so everyone can see the dildo. Some money is being tossed on stage. He is happy to see more 100s than ones.
“Not yet Sherlock,” said John, “Besides we need to wait for Greg.”
She shivered and tried to pull away.
John growled and said, “Yes, as did Greg.”
Jamie reached over and kissed me on the mouth rather sensually. I could feel myself responding to the touch as I had been deprived of any human contact other than kicks and punches.
“James,” he said offering his hand, “It is a delight to finally meet you too.”
“Calm down Pet. We are about to start. Billy has your props ready to go. Now remember to listen to the music and what I am saying to you and you will be fine.”
“According to them, I am a madman with delusions of grandeur who tried to upend a secret society of slave owners. And very nearly succeeded until they found me. So again who are you?”
‘Time limit,’ thought John, ‘So the clock is ticking.’
He laughed a hardy laugh. It was like water in the desert to my ears. I hadn’t heard that sound from him since before we had started this mad venture.
I agreed and examined the lock on the door which was of a much more recent vintage than the door itself.
Delek sat back in his chair and steepled his fingers, “That is a complicated question that does not have a simple answer. We need to guide him back to himself. To put fit the pieces back into the whole.”
Thank you to everyone reading this. Double thank you to those who are commenting.
He felt a sharp stinging smack on his right nipple followed by his left. Then there were hits to various parts of his exposed body. He tried to stay still but the more he was stimulated the harder it was to stay still.
“Please Sherlock, please, please, Sherlock…PLEASE.”
John's heat has some interesting consequences.
I fell forward gasping for breath.
The day of the sale we went to the castle where the auction was to take place. The castle was owned by several Marketplace owners and was the training house for most of the slaves to be sold that day.
SMACK
Monks came in and transferred Holmes from the floor to the bed.
John pinched his ass hard and said, “Settle.”
“I do admit to being surprised that you survived that. All reports of your death were quite touching. I read them to Shirley. She wept for your demise but then I think she has such feelings for you. I know after she finally figured out who came to visit, she was very upset. She will be glad to know you are alive.”
“Sherlock, that theory was debunked years ago. Especially after the genome project. Alpha, Omega, and Beta are genetically similar but not the same. Now let me go.”
A drop of sweat fell from his forehead and made its path down his face then his torso ending in his crotch where his cock and balls had the tied very carefully with the end going to the stained leather collar round his neck.
I said, “Holmes?”
Jim felt two large hands around his throat choking him just a bit to get him to focus.
“Yes, John?” came the reply.
Jim and Seb dropped Sherlock off a couple of blocks from Baker Street.
“It is nothing Holmes,” I said trying to put on my stoic face.
He snuggle in breathing in the scent that was Sherlock, him and their combined scent. And he felt safe and loved.
“Who is G-d knows where doing G-d knows what,” I said bitterly “So I am to lose my best friend and my wife within the same year?”
He turned to Moriarty and asked, “Is he left handed or right handed?”
William shivered. His lungs at times were not at their best. My concern for his health after running through the wet woods just grew. I took the blanket and put it on the floor in front of the sleeping pallet and sat down with my feet on the blanket.
“No Sherlock, “ he said, “This is not for you. You will be standing up right and be Sherlock Holmes.”
“Now Tiger, here are the rules to your game,” he took the leash and led the man to the St. Andrew’s cross that was set up in the playroom. There were a pair of soft leather cuffs attached to the top of the cross.
I was told after the fact that the next couple of weeks were touch and go.
John had adjusted as well as he could to being an Omega. He had further adjusted to being Sherlock’s Omega. Then there was the adjustment to Greg being added to the mix as his secondary Alpha. Now he had two Alphas that had rights to his body and his heat.
It didn’t make any sense to me. I could swear that I saw Sherlock but maybe it was what I wanted to see.
“You and I are both the masters of giving pain. In some ways we are very much alike. But we are on different sides of the law according to you. So no, I will not ‘teach’ you what I do or my methods. The biggest difference is that people come to me willingly to inflict all kinds of lovely marks both visible and invisible on their bodies and minds. You have to kidnap yours. So who is more the villain?”
(See the end of the chapter for
With the help of Janan’s body slaves, I bandaged up all the wounds that I had inflicted on Moran. Then had the blacksmith forge shackles and chains so he couldn’t run away. We made a travois and attached it to one of the pack horses. I locked him to the sled and wrapped him up and tied him down so he could not even wiggle.
“Didn’t that seem a little timely to you?” asked Sherlock.
“Good man. Sherlock was most worried about your wellbeing.” He paused and weight his next words carefully, “He loves you John. He wanted to make sure that I told you that. And that you adore him is a good thing in my book.”
He got up, walked around the large desk, and sat on it in front of me. He looked at me if judging something. I felt like a prize bull being sized up for slaughter.
I rolled over to see Holmes looking at me very intently. After a short while he relaxed and said, “Good. They didn’t do it.”
“Look at me.”
“That is NOT going to help!” I said, “If anything it is going to send him further into a frenzy.”
So waking up and finding himself naked and chained to Sherlock’s bed was the last straw.
After about 7 takes, they finally had one that they both liked.
“I am sure that you succeeded escaping,” I said, “it was eluding further capture that you failed at.”
“It is worth a try,” said William finishing the wedge of cheese.
Sherlock sighed and put himself behind Seb.
He heard his Master say in a rough voice of desire and passion, “Come!”
I heard Yama talking to Holmes about me and my injuries both past and present and what I went through to get to Holmes.
“I know what you did,” came the voice from the pile of cloth on the floor, “I saw it. I know what I did. They will find and discipline us. They will kill you which will be a kindness as to what they are going to do to me.”
I complied. Two men in leather hoods came in and put leg irons on me along with manacles on my wrists. The blindfold was put over my eyes and I was quick marched from my cell up two sets of stairs and into a large room.
He laughed, “How many times did you have to find me?”
More growling and John found his shirt collar being pulled back as Sherlock latched his teeth onto the bond mark.
“Too many clothes, John. Why do you wear so many clothes?”
John looked at Sherlock and then at Mycroft, “Begin,” he said very softly.
He had me stand up and grip the footboard as he retied my ankles to the bed’s legs this time with a little slack so I could stand.
John was naked for the most part. There were cuffs around his wrists and ankles and they were connected by carabineers. He had a gag in his mouth. Greg could see the waves coming off his body. John was in heat and this was sending Greg into rut.
“Pets,” said Seb, “Train them as pets. People are less picky about how they look if they are mute holes to be filled. They would do well in that regard.”
Uncle Sherlock returned looking like a Raj Prince. He used the over the top outfit to make his face unrecognizable. Father treated him like a foreign dignitary until they got back to the safety of our house. To all the world it looked like Mycroft Holmes was again meddling in foreign affairs which had a number of people quickly scurry to get their affairs in order in case his gaze should fall on them after his meeting.
He placed a booted foot on my raging erection and said, “Take care of that for me will you?”
Delek entered.
“You kill her, you bought her and we will be out on our asses never to be invited again and I will kill you.”
He pulled me to my feet and then released me. Fists and feet came flying my direction and again I defended as best I could. He took me apart in very short order and again I fell to the ground. I tried to stand but my legs would not hold me.
My collar was grabbed and I was forced to kneeling.
He leaned forward taking the dildo back into his mouth and sucking on it like it was his master’s hard dick. There were howls of appreciation from the audience.
She grabbed my hair and pulled my head up to meet her eye, “Were you told to close it?”
“I had a conversation with my Mistress about the twins a couple of days ago.”
“Apparently he has learned well from his master,” said Knife as John thought of him. He was the more dangerous of the two.
“Don’t ask,” said Seb.
William went and shook his hand rather formerly and said, “It is a true honor to finally meet you Sir.”
“Why don’t you come over to the house and see if you can figure out what happened after he left with that amazing brain of yours.”
_-_-_-_-_-_
William felt the material and said, “We have a bit of a problem. My brother cannot wear wool. He breaks out in a rather severe rash.”
(See the end of the chapter for
They darkened the room before restoring his sight. I went elsewhere for that at Yama’s suggestion. He had a monk named Rinchen take me for a walk around the temple. The air was crisp but not cold and was rather invigorating. I found myself in a rather beautiful but spare garden. I sat down on a stone and took stock of what had happened and what needed to happen next.
Mycroft shuttered and heard over the audio the sound of a taser being fired and his brother’s screams. The camera went to James who was kneeling with his arms wrapped around John’s knees. He was shaking with was appeared to be a panic attack.
Lestrade took one look at Mycroft and scarpered with his officers.
“You have had this letter for over a month, why give it to me now? What has changed that you feel that I need to see this?”
The sun had set and it didn’t seem like a good idea to continue in the dark.
“I understand Mycroft and I will obey as instructed.”
“What did you do?” He shrieked at me. When his voice pitched up, I could see the woman I met before.
But he had seen in Sherlock the instincts he needed to do this. Sherlock had a sadistic streak in him that he refuses to recognize. Maybe this will light that fire within him.
“Don’t move,” he growled.
“John Watson meet Tashi Delek, Lama of this monastery and a rather brilliant healer.”
“I thought I would give my brother a chance to use his skills before I removed any evidence,” said Mycroft in a condescending tone.
“Mr. Holmes,” he said. I tried not to startle at hearing my real name spoken.
“Oh Watson, still so eager,” he said as he stroked the marks he made on my ass.
My world tilted and then went black.
He then unhooked the two men from the chain and forced the Tiger onto all fours. He took the two leads and led the men to the middle of the room. He removed the blindfold and headphones from the men
I told Yama and Delek what Holmes had described to me and they were appalled.
My member popped out from its confinement at full attention.
“Come!” came the command from his master and from the music. He came hard spraying the stage in front of him with his seed. He thrust a couple of more times and then pulled himself off the dildo and collapsed on the floor in front of him.
I grabbed a piece of leather lace and tied up Watson’s balls and cock in a neat package. His balls were a lovely red purple color and were pulled tight to his body.
“They are all part of you Holmes. We just have to get them to agree to that and work you back to a whole.”
“No Master.”
“Did I know what?”
“You did wonderfully Pet,” said John, “I am so proud of you.”
Mycroft looked concerned, “That’s not an answer. I need to see him.”
“Happy Lupercalia,” he murmured in my ear right before I fell asleep.
“How? How can you just do this Watson? It goes against every fiber in my being to do things that are senseless.”
“Count,” I said and he shivered. I couldn’t tell if it was liking or loathing but either way I had to do this task.”
The words would not come to my lips.
And there was Sherlock. I still had no clear idea what happened to him or how to help him.
“Now John my ass you tit. I told you. I TOLD you that you needed to stay home. But no, the great Sherlock Holmes is beyond all this Alpha/Omega shit. Considering how I got in this state, you might want to choose your next words carefully.”
Short but necessary to get to the next bit.
“See who came to see you my dear. Too bad. I am going to have to punish you for his impudence.”
The two boys let go then hugged Mycroft and their mother before leaving with their governess.
“WHAT?”
SMACK
I lost three weeks and Holmes had been beside himself the whole time afraid that Moriarty had won and taken those things that were most precious to him, Holmes’ brilliant mind and me.
Once we got to South Piddleton we settled into the Inn there with Holmes tossing about a lot of money and getting the entire Inn to himself. This gave us the top floor to plan what we were going to do next and the town to explore for how to get to our boys.
She took the empty glass out of my hand and helped me to my feet.
Seb turned his head to look at Jim and found his hair yanked hard pulling him back to John’s gaze, “do YOU think they are lovers? You do know how much I enjoy repeating myself.”
“Sherl?” I asked.
I had a few but did not express them as my opinion had not been asked for.
“Shhhh shhhh, it’s Ok Sherlock. You were amazing and they want to express their appreciation,” John whispered into his ear while stroking Sherlock’s hair.
(See the end of the chapter for
The itch was becoming more of a burn. He could feel all his clothing rubbing against his body.
The next morning I did not look human according to my brother. The reaction was all over my body. My brother helped me into my trousers but left my chest bare. My face was so swollen that I could barely see but I could see which was good. We heard the footsteps desending the staircase.
“Well that’s a start. You know what is going to happen to your brother next?”
I looked at him. Something in my brain told me that things were not right here.
“Not yet Boy,” he said as he sat down in his favorite wing-backed leather chair.
“Did they give you a treatment?” he said sitting cross-legged on the bed.
The trial was swift and went the way I expected. What I did not expect was to see Moriarty again dressed as a woman with a tall veiled woman sitting next to her. I knew it was Holmes but did not let any emotion show on my face.
“Oh my dear slave. What you do to your master. If you even had any idea.”
“Do what?” I asked pushing myself round to a seated position.
He stood up and turned slowing impaling himself on the rubber dick.
(See the end of the chapter for
After I returned the plates to the kitchen, I came back to the room to find Holmes with his legs up in the chair and his arms wrapped around them with a pipe in his teeth smoking and thinking.
He wrapped the body up in an ornate blanket and slung this over his shoulder.
I sat down on my bed and let all the feelings of sadness and angry out into the empty room. I could not even be allowed to morn my loss without strings attached.
Two men brought in an overstuffed chair and placed it so John could see Sherlock and Mycroft. John sat down and Jim curled up next to his feet.
Yama and I had long discussions late into the night about what I did know. I told him everything that Moran had told me and used the exact wording that he used. I told him about how I had found Sherlock and what happened when I tried to get him to come with me. Yama could tell that I was getting more frustrated the longer he just lay there.
I decided to just sit on the edge of the bed with my legs apart and my hands on my knees. I hoped he would find the visual pleasing.
I came to in the bed that Holmes and I had occupied but alone. I found that I could only really open one eye and that not too far. I turned my head and found myself looking at my very distraught Master.
Greg  found himself kissing Sherlock while they spit roasted their Omega. Sherlock came then John came followed quickly by Greg.
She took the flogger and removed her fingers from Holmes’ ass. She processed to give him a beating that made my toes curl. Holmes, to his credit, took the punishment with neither a groan or a whimper.
“Holmes, can I come sit by you?”
I took the lead of my fellow party goers and went around the room examining each of the displays. I didn’t see Holmes much to my dismay. I heard the occasional slap of hand on skin followed by an admonishment to wait until it was time to start.
I was trusted up like a deer and carried back to the castle only to be tossed in a very cold room and left there. I managed to work myself out of my bonds and was about to give a go at the door lock when I heard a key being turned and found myself looking at Moran along with three of my fellow slaves.
He grabs the pole in the middle of stage and swings his body around letting everyone get a good look at him while he got a good look at them.
I dropped into step behind her and followed her back to the party where she kept me next to her the rest of the evening.
“We’ll be waiting for your signal.”
When she walked into the room, everyone dropped to their knees and put their gaze firmly on the floor. I followed their lead.
“So what are you going to name your pet?”
“William and James,” she said.
“I think I am going to enjoy eating these,” She said as she looked at the grisly package in her hand.
“Watson,” he said, “Is there a bath to be had in this place?”
“Where is he?”
Toby watched as another man came into view with the same sort of paws, strapping and head as Toby had on. The man went to the middle of the yard and started rolling in the grass and rubbing his body against the lawn.
He put his hands to his head where the burns were still faintly evident. I could see he was shaking.
We followed the Head Master to where the boys were waiting for us.
(See the end of the chapter for
Several women came by once and then again examining him and giggling. I did not like that very much but managed to keep my face neutral as I could.
Yakuza as they are known in the west. Good suits. Lots of money. Leader is sitting in the middle. He notes the glimpse of a tattoo from the open shirt. He is looking at him with total lust in his eyes. He makes a few more mental notes and gets back to the task as hand.
The blindfold was removed and I found myself looking at Mycroft sitting next to me on a stool.
I hadn’t seen Holmes in a number of days. We had been communicating through notes on the mantle.
He didn’t have to tell is who he was.  Standing next to Mycroft Holmes, it was pretty obvious that they were related.
I gave some thought as I buckled the blindfold on cutting off my sense of sight as to how I want to present myself to my master.
He pulled just a hair and realized that they were still knotted.
Moriarty grinned an evil grin and said softly, “You called it Shirley.”
“I am so sorry,” she said.
Yama held up his hand and I nodded.
We snuck out and carefully made our way around the perimeter of the open space before we heard the cries for the house. Apparently our escape had been noticed.
It was then that the screaming and chaos started. Which was quickly silenced by another gunshot in the air.
They fought their way out of the pub and onto the street where Greg had his car.
It was a woman tied to the bed moaning and undulating. She was wearing a long white nightgown of good English make. There was a leather hood over her head and I could tell there was also a gag within the hood. Next to the bed was a case with several vials and a couple of syringes. I looked at the hand that had touched my crotch months ago and saw the scar that I need to see to know this was Sherlock. I could also see needle marks on the arm that was partially exposed.
He then waved everyone out of the room except Yama and myself.
“What are you NOT telling me?”
“What did I do?”
“Ah Shirley, here you are,” he said as he stood and held his hand out.
“What do I need to do?” I asked, “How many I serve?”
Sherlock banged on the cage to wake his pet up.
We are getting to the reunion between Sherlock and John but there will be consequences for John's actions.
Holmes nodded, “He was the last piece left to be taken care of. I have fulfilled my duties to you and to the Marketplace. Now leave us in peace for a bit.”
“Do you think he went to see Jim?”
I sat next to the two men and placed my hand on Sherlock, “Sherlock, I am here. Please come back to me.”
He nodded slowly not trusting his voice. He felt like he was floating.
Someone came up behind me and ran their finger across the stripes on my back. I jerked at bit at the touch but tried to stay still. A hiss of pain escaped my lips before I could stop it.
“You with us pet?”
Sherlock ran his hands gently over his amazing Omega and breathed in the amazing smells radiating off of him. Couldn’t have gone better he thought before dropping off to sleep himself.
Will pounded on the door of our cell and shouted, “Help! Help! My brother is dying!”
“You are so much more than that,” I said, “You are very clever….”
It vibrated again and a video appeared.
“You need to let your pet out of their cage and have them do their busines outside. Then bring Toby in here and give them their breakfast while you eat your own.”
He grabbed the Boy’s lead and had him kneel in front of the Tiger. He released the cock ring and gave his Boy’s cock a rough tug. It sluggishly responded and the Boy moaned at the contact.
The lack of recognition in his eyes haunted me both awake and asleep. What had been done to him to bring him to that point? And what punishment did he have to endure for my finding Moriarty?
“See I can make it good for you.”
He went to his index and pulled out a book. He ran his finger down a list then pulled out his book of British peerage and flipped to a page and pointed to a name.
“Behave Basil. I want the two of you to become the best of friends,” said John as he unclipped Toby’s leash.
“We are not asking you to like it. We are asking for your help to make sure that my brother makes it back to us in one piece.”
“You are both mad,” I said.
I nodded and settled in for what was going to be a very long night.
I looked at the hearth to find a rather good drawing of a human hand.
“What makes you think….” The hard slap across his face stopped him from saying something he would have to pay for.
I untied his hands and said, “Strip.”
Next up the sale and aftermath.
“I am fine. I suggest for your safety you leave.”
In walked a very tall slender woman well dressed in a blue silk gown with lovely embroidery. Her hair and make-up where in western style.  Around her neck was a fine delicate metal collar and at her wrists were metal cuffs. I was betting if I looked under the dress, there would be cuffs around her ankles as well. She walked over to Moriarty and knelt next to him with her hands crossed behind her back and her head down.
I sat staring at the fire with my mind a whirl.
I was roughly grabbed and not given any chance to get my feet under me so I was dragged up the stairs and through the castle to a very large room with a chair firmly attached to the floor with straps attached at various places. I was pushed into the chair and strapped down firmly with my head being strapped to the chair as well.
By the time he was done the other two men were sound asleep in each other’s arms.
Yama saw us come in and came to see us, “John would you care to introduce me to your friend?”
I sat and let the feel of the blood run down my arm and off my fingers to the ground.
“Aren’t you going to open it?”
The three men were covered in love bites and bruising that come from passion.
“What about?” I pointed to the two bodies in the room.
“Good name,” said John.
That was our opening because we could get our people on the inside brings goods and the like to the house. Hidal borrowed some slaves from a couple of friends to help serve at the party. The Nawab got his own slaves to serve in their stead.
His assistant walked in with a glass of water and handed it to him.
“What sort of misfortune and do understand I will kill you if you are lying.”
“Yes Lestrade?”
I shook my head to clear it. I could barely walk.
He went back into the living room and found Greg totally divested of his clothing and masturbating onto the towel that John left on the chair.
We were busy with our studies when one of the other boys came with a note for us to attend the Master of the College.
Sherlock opened his mouth only to find a leather bar gag inserted into it and the straps fastened.
“When do we start?” I asked.
I needed to think. I went down to the stable and had them saddle up the horse that had been Moran’s and rode out of the city into the country to figure out what I was going to do next and how I was going to rescue my Master from the hands of that mad man.
Yama whispered in my ear,” Delek has already talked to the boy once before but couldn’t go very far before he shut down. He hopes that if you are here, he can get further.”
I nodded.
Yama sighed, “You mean he is going through the motions to make you happy John. There is only fear in his heart when he gives you what he wants because he knows how it feels now.”
“Then I am even more amazed by him,” said Yama.
I got up and got dressed quickly.
I took comfort in his words but shivered at what our poor boys were enduring.
I sat and watched him work his way. I found myself wiping tears away as I listening to the sad and soulful sound he was making.
“Sir, your wife asks if you will be joining her for breakfast,” came the voice of my valet Liam.
She sighed and said, “Get up.”
A slap on his inner thigh reminded him of his place in this.
“The writer is right handed with a public school education,” said Mycroft.
“You Are his type Seb,” she let go of me and I sagged in the chair.
I went the baths to find Holmes waiting for me in the hot room. He looked lean but no longer emaciated. His scars were evident but I did not note any new ones.
“Agreed. Watson, apparently we are leaving town again but this time we must still be in town while out of town.”
As we sat in front of the fireplace smoking our respective pipes, Holmes gave a great sigh and said,” Watson, do you trust me?”
“Mycroft, I thought we had an understanding. I though that we were both agreed that for your brother’s continued wellbeing, you would behave. But you have been such a bad boy. You tried to break one of my toys to extract information about me. I am not pleased about that at all. I had your demise all planned out. But your loving brother pleaded your case and convinced me to not to carry out my plan. Instead he is standing in your place and taking the punishment that is rightfully yours.”
A nervous young man came with a basket of bread and a bottle of water. He placed this down carefully while looking furtively at the menu Sherlock placed as instructed.
As I fell into the arms of Morpheus, I heard him say,“Watson, I thank you for reminding me why I will never let you go.”
I was revived and the pain radiated through my arm. He then dislocated my right shoulder and my left knee. He put them back in place and I again passed out from the pain. I was now grateful for the gag because it was keeping me from breaking my teeth.
John grabbed Sherlock’s coat and started snogging him has if his life depended on it. Sherlock quickly got into the kiss and returned it with just as much passion.
I thought I saw a flash of red and orange coming toward us as I passed out. I prayed it was help and not our deaths on this unforgiving mountain.
Sherlock spread his legs and put his hands behind his head with fingers interlocking.
I nodded, “North but not Scotland. I would say from the accents we are still south of the border.”
“This is a strange turn,” said Yama, “I suggest you go back and be with him. I need to find Delek and tell him about this.”
“They are ready,” said Seb motioning to the door of the barn.
John signaled that he was going back to sleep and they should do the same.
Mycroft had insisted in John’s service for the Marketplace practice where slaves were examined by a physician within the Marketplace. It is much easier when the doctor knows why the servant has bruising or other injuries that could be considered either play or discipline but is not abuse. However if the doctor sees signs of abuse, they will report it to the proper authority within the Marketplace. Going to a regular practice might find the police involved in ways that are not wanted.
I did not find out until later that he had been sold to a new Master and I was his replacement.
“Come.”
The ski mask wearing man grabbed his right hand and squeezed down on his thumb hard.
“You and your companion fled here from the grasp of Moriarty. They have no power here. You are safe.”
“We will not harm you. We are here to help you.”
“You got the camera ready?” came the second voice.
Then to my shame, I released on the floor.
Sherlock nodded.
I looked very carefully at the woman in front of me and the hand they extended. It took me a bit to sort out whether I was looking at a woman or a man. The hand was soft and well manicured. The face had no beard shadow but a hint of a moustache however no more than I had seen in my female patients over the years. She was wearing a high collar, which did not allow me to examine whether she had an Adam’s apple. There was just something about her that didn’t sit right with my eye.
“Ah, a challenge I believe.”
“How…how are you feeling?” I asked not knowing if I wanted to hear the answer or not.
“Yes John but it will give you the perfect excuse to move back to Baker Street and wait for him. And we both knew that this day was going to come at some point.”
I awoke to Holmes nuzzling the back of my neck. His hand was slung over my belly and was starting to go lower. I could feel myself responding to the touch but I willed myself to stop as I did not know who I was in bed with.
“No Sherlock,” I said, “I agreed to do this and we will do this but Mary is part of this too.”
Seb pulled a heavy wooden chair forward and John sat down facing the cages. John pointed and Sherlock and Jim fell to their knees. They crawled over and sat up next to John. Sherlock on the right and Jim on the left. John nodded to Seb.
“Watson, strip and present,” he said firmly as he pointed to a cushion he had dropped from the bed to the floor in front of him.
“Down Toby, you are only going to make it worse for yourself,” Sherlock grabbed the leash on the floor and slung the duffle bag over one shoulder.
“My Pet wins reward,” he said, “And my Tiger and my Boy have to play the forfeit.”
“Thank you,” he said sounding as grateful as he could. Camera man went to pat him on the shoulder but then thought better of it.
John drank the tea and relaxed letting the feelings wash over him.
I was agitated and anxious and Holmes, knowing me so well, decided to take matters into his own hands.
I always knew that this was going to be Mary's fate since I first introduced my version of her.
“Did he leave?”
“You were wounded but that does not make you Watson.”
I exploded with a shout of utter elation barely able to stand. I felt a hand at my arm steadying me.
John chuckled at that thought. The fun the two of them could have together….
The man looked panic stricken with all he had seen.
“Good, you are back with us,” said a voice.
“John, you know I can’t deny you anything.”
“Again?”
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
I looked at my bare feet and remembered how cold it was still outside as winter had not finished with us yet. Plus the door was not only locked but barred hindering our ability to just pick the lock and run.
I turned and saw Lady Forrester sitting on Mary’s chair.
“Last three photo please Laurence,” said Sherlock. The photos of John in the coffin, the coffin in the ground and the dirt upon the coffin were put on the screen.
“Sorry?”
Toby did as he had been ordered only to have John flush his system two more times.
-_-_-_-_-_-
Sherlock was sitting up in the bed and was being fed by a monk.
I smacked him on his left ass cheek leaving a definite handprint.
“How did you know about John Watson’s position in the Holmes household?”
“What the hell are you doing Simion! He is wearing a red collar. You know the rules. Red is off limits. You are lucky that I found you before you did something you couldn’t take back,” came a voice I knew all too well.
Sherlock handed the laptop to Jim, “Here, see if there is any chatter going on that might help us.”
“James, you know you are as smart as I,” he said punching me in my arm.
‘Do you have them?’ signed John.
“No Toby, stay down,” said Sherlock moving the control to his pants pocket. He pulled on the leash and pointed to a large pillow in front of the fireplace.
It was on a dark night that everything went terribly wrong. I had no inkling that I would find myself having to end the life of another human.
He gave one bottle to Greg and pointed to John.
Sherlock relaxed just a little since Seb and Jim were there then it was a planning session rather than punishment for him. He frowned a little because it also probably meant that there was no pleasure to be had either.
The new purchases were taken together and put in a boxcar on the train. We were blindfolded and chained together which made walking difficult at best.
I packed up the case and started to untie Sherlock. He started fighting me on it. I could hear through the gag him saying the word ‘No’ over and over in a panic.
He grabbed my hair and proceeded to rape my mouth with his cock. No mercy was given. I tried to breath through my nose and around the hard member going down my throat. It was hard. He seemed to take great glee in choking me until I would show signs of passing out and then he would back off.  This game when on for a while until I heard the command “come!” and he came down my throat. I felt as if I was drowning and the world went dark.
Greg entered having taken off his coats, tie, socks, and shoes.
I have to say I didn’t see the men step out of the shadow. William did and tried to defend us. But they were grown men and they threatened the life of the lad who brought us the note. In short order we found ourselves with bags over our heads and frog marched to a waiting horse cart on the outside of the college. I heard a glass bottle open and shortly found a cloth stinking of ether being placed over my nose and mouth through the bag. I let the drug wash over me hoping that William sorted out what was happening.
When we arrived there was a carriage waiting for us. A glance at the door informed me that Mycroft wished to talk to us.
“Oh thank G-d!”
I left Mary’s mistress to her grief and followed Wilson into the nursery where the boys were feeding from a wet nurse that Mycroft had provided.
I raced after him across the rooftops of the village wondering what we would be encountering next and where our boys were.
William went to see what was on the tray.
“As my mistress says with my life. The boys have brought such joy into our household.”
“You my pet, your task is to get the cock I am going to put in your mouth off and not come yourself,” he said as he attached the other end of the chains he has threaded through the eyebolts to the cuffs that his pet was wearing which he placed in front of his Pet.
Toby followed down a short hall with a number of doors to the one at the end. They entered a white tiled room with shower heads and various hoses attached at various points in the room.
I then gestured to him, “You? You are everything to me.”
Thank you for reading and I am open to suggestions about these two.
He almost smiled and his whole body seem to wriggle in delight, “Oh Sir, yes Sir. Kind Sir.”
Watson opened his mouth almost reflexively.
It took all my will not to kill Moriarty then and there but I knew it was futile. Neither of us would make it to the door.
“And I am very grateful for your service Dr. Watson,” said Nicholas stepping into my field of vision.
Comments and Kudos do keep me writing.
I followed Holmes back to our rooms to find two steamer trucks awaiting us.
Watson, after I left you and Mary that room, I was taken to the hotel where we had rooms. There I was ordered to help the other slaves with the packing and getting ready to depart.
Yama stood there for a moment and went over to Sherlock.
“How…No don’t tell me I won’t like the answer.”
Sherlock then gave John one of the finest rogering that Lestrade had ever seen and he had seen a lot of porn in his time.
“John, come with me.”
“Fuck off,” came the reply from a voice he knew all too well.
Our first mission was to find out if the boys were even here then if here then where were they being held.
Yama entered with another monk holding a tray with a cloth over it.
Holmes turned to the other two and said, “Well? Watson has asked a perfectly good question. In fact probably the best question I have heard or thought of since this whole matter started.”
Mary knelt back in front of me and offered me a cup of tea rather formally. I took it and automatically took a sip.
Then it hit him like a freight train, these were all classic symptoms of an Omega going into heat. But he was a Beta. He was a Fucking Beta.
‘I am imagining this is you master’ he thought hard hoping that his master would pick up on what he is doing.
Seb opened his mouth to protest that it was Jim not him who was so clever but the look he got from John made him shut his mouth fast and listen.
“My name is Yama. I am a monk at this temple you are in.”
“I am not allowed to have a name yet. I haven’t earning it. Most call me Pig or Idiot.”
I opened my mouth to ask a question but Delek shook his head and I closed my mouth.
“Good!” said James and they left.
I walked from a parlor into the bed room and could not hold a gasp from what I saw.
He looked at me and nodded. He passed William back to me and picked up James who was sound asleep.
Zaram used the same method as he had before and hit Sherlock with the butt of his gun.
“What?” I croaked but my voice failed me any further.
“Maybe not,” said Seb, “You and I were back at the car when Sherlock found the coat and brought it back to us. I am betting that the camera was focused on the bins not the street.”
He tossed me a pair of loose trousers, “Put these on since you will have to go into some public areas today and they don’t care much for naked people running around.”
“Oh well this is just wonderful! Wait until I tell the missus. I knew that could not be true no matter what was said.”
Exactly 5 minutes after he had gotten home, he heard his brother’s footsteps on the stairs.
He buried his face into my clavicle and I could feel tension pouring out of him as he tried to compose himself but was lost.
I did as I had been ordered and found myself kneeling in front of Holmes with his cock down my throat choking me in that way that only seemed to make my member harder with each thrust.
He tried to work this out in his head but it didn’t quite work out to his satisfaction so he did what I would have done shrug and ignore it like a good slave should.
“There has been a development,” he said and then stopped trying to figure out how to tell me.
“Dr. Watson, slave of Sherlock Holmes,” he started and then stopped.
I nodded.
“Pish-posh,” said Sherlock with a dismissive wave of the hand, “What arrived on your doorstep that has brought you to my home?”
John snorted, “Not my problem.” And he drifted to sleep in Sherlock’s arms.
There was some aspirin and a glass of water on his desk in front of him along with another thumb drive in his computer with a note taped to the screen of the laptop that said ‘Play Me’.
“Not enough information!” finally exploded from his lips and he tore at his hair.
“How do I know you aren’t here to get me in trouble? How do I know that you aren’t a spy for them? That you are going to tell them that …..”
“Dammit!” he said to no one in particular. He then proceeded to curse out yet again Sherlock for messing with his biology.
Sherlock knew exactly which one it was and it was one he hated.
“FUCK!”
He groaned and his cock started leaking a bit.
“We really should let this grow out a bit,” he said absentmindedly.
“Now now,” said John sitting on the edge of the bed and stroking Sherlock’s hair, “I know it hurts but you deserved that for the stunt you pulled. I have some things to attend to but I will join you after that. Rest now. Punishment is over and we will move past this.”
“Come here boy,” said Delek.
Moriarty snapped her fingers at me and said, “Follow.”
(See the end of the chapter for
We went to the dining room after I checked on Aladdin and sat down with Prince Harrai and his wives and children to dinner.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No doubt whose father is his,” said Mycroft, “he even has that sour look on his face that you have when you are perturbed.”
I drifted a bit and was brought to full wakefulness with someone banging on the bars of my cell.
Sherlock made his way quickly back to Baker Street. He made a few text to various people who needed to be in the loop and some that he needed to help him find John.
Shirley turned and looked at Moriarty with fear and adoration, “You are Sir.”
“If you consider the trouble I have put you in, I would doubt your sanity but I know you mean what you say,” he said pulling his knees up under his chin and wrapping his long arms around his legs.
“Oh I am in a fine mind to make you feel good,” he said and continued to rub against my cock.
“I’m sorry?”
I nodded not trusting my throat.
G-d help me I was done.
“You should have learned your lessons. I told you what would happen if you do not obey,” He almost looked sad for me then gestured to my fellow slaves, “grab him and bring him to the sitting room.”
She pointed to the other men in the room, “Dress him and get him back to the hotel. Bring me Anatoly, he has a lot to answer for.”
I quickly thought through all that had been said, “No Ma’am.”
They entered a room at the end which was largest room in the bunker. In it were two small dog cages with the two men who had buried John. They had leather hoods over their heads that were both dog-shaped. Their hands were covered in leather mitts that made it look like they had paws. Their back legs were hobbled with straps which then were attached to a leather harness that covered their torsos. They could not move much at all within the confines they were in. On each cage were the names of the new owners Sherlock and Jim.
His cock had been hard but now it was rock hard from the scene in front of him and the sounds coming from the tableau.
He put the tea next to Mycroft and sat down in his chair working his way through all the evidence that he had at hand.
Jim pouted, “Is this necessary?”
They handed over their phones and left.
“Sherlock!?!?! What the hell?”
Delek motioned for me to join him, “John is here Sherlock. Your faithful servant has moved heaven and earth to find you. Now I need you to see him.”
“Oh no my pretty. You are prepared to take it up your bum and that’s what you are going to do after you suck my cock.”
“Let’s just avoid what happened last time.”
“Take your time. I have all night and a lovely sharping stone took keep the edge on the blade.”
My apologies for being so quiet for so long. I have been dealing with not being able to deal with what is happening all around me. I think I have turned a corner. Thank you for your patience in this matter.
“Your Master had been systematically tortured and drugged for who know how long. The body is finally healing but the mind needs the same.”
The next couple of weeks were a blur. I kept some idea of how long it was by the marks I made on the wall to give myself some idea of time.
By the end of the video Mycroft felt numb.
Here is another chapter in this twisted saga.
“No, first place I checked.”
“Did you take the photos of them?”
Three night after the press announced how gravely ill the great detective was, Mycroft came to our flat with two men who were pretty much duplicates of us. It would not have worked if they were seen close up but from a distance they would pass. Holmes and I snuck out with Mycroft and began our journey northward in a carriage that Mycroft owned.
Mrs. Hudson came in with the teapot, “Ah, there you are.”
We came across a village where I had passed through with the chief so I was known to them. I wrote a message to Mycroft that they promised to send south the next time anyone was heading that direction. They didn’t even blink that I had two people tied up with me. I kept Moriarty gagged the entire time and added a head scarf to obscure her face. I did the same with Sherlock.
Moran smiled an evil smile and said, “The boy you told me about at the baths?”
Sherlock flipped him over and started undoing the buttons to his shirt or rather started ripping buttons off the shirt.
“This is not senseless. I learned how to dress my Master in total darkness and I have used this skill. I learned how to be as unobtrusive as possible. To be invisible. Think back on how many times things magically appeared before you asked for them. How I seem to know what you need before you know yourself. Think about Mrs. Hudson and how she is always there with whatever you are looking for. How she seems to appear and vanish with you none the wiser.”
I nodded as it was true. My mother had my wool slacks lined so that the cursed fiber would not touch my skin.
Seb knew that he was screwed. He didn’t know how but he knew there would be a price paid for his lack of manners.
She cocked her head towards the sitting room and winked.
A man came in and bowed to the group. His accent was Austrian.
Sam went through our undergarments first and tossed them back to us.
“Good, now eat some breakfast and let me show you what I was thinking about.”
I gently stroked Holmes back and leg like one would do to calm a horse or large dog.
“Sherlock you utter cock. Let me go.”
I hope you are still enjoying it.
He rolled back on the cot and looked up at his Master.
Sherlock looked at the cup in his hand and then at John.
He turns to his left and sees a group of skinheads and within a mix of German and British men. All shaved heads, all tatted up, and all wearing doc martin boots.
I swear I got harder at that.
Dmitri, Mycroft’s man, came into my line of sight and said again, “Oh thank G-d! We thought we had lost you to the poison but somehow you are still here.”
“Now to get you in at Hidal’s house and give you time to find what you seek.”
“Public sex and voyeurism. At this rate we’ll be done with it before your heat is even over,” said Sherlock with a yawn, “Mycroft will be so displeased.”
“Holmes, if you don’t care to continue….”
_--_--_--_
Sherlock placed a kiss on his slave’s forehead and sat back and watched him sleep the sleep of the innocent.
They followed Seb inside, to the back of the building, and down the stairs to an underground bunker that the barn had been built on top of.
“You tried to end it.”
John unzipped his pants and pulled out his rock hard cock, “Since you got me in this state because I allowed you to play with my pet, it is only right you do something to pay me back.”
Just as it was about to be too much. He felt the cock twitch and explode within him and he let go right behind that screaming his pleasure for all to hear.
Sherlock adjusted his jaw and opened his mouth to speak.
“What you just said, “ I choked out from my throat. Breathing was becoming an issue.
Toby did as he was ordered, and Sherlock managed to get a towel on top of the metal which cut the cold that had been running through his body.
He saw the Tiger hold up his hand and John stopped.
His Tiger looked at him with love and trust, “Yes Sir,” he growled.
My arms were tied behind me with my wrists in front of me cuffed together. They put a short chain between my ankle cuffs hobbling me. Then came the ear plugs, gag and hood cutting off my sense of sight and sound. I was direct with pushes, pulls, and shoves as to where to go. I felt myself picked up and dumped into a trunk that was then loaded onto a cart that took me to a train that took me I know not where.
The group to the right are Russian. Again he gets quick glimpses of tattoos. Nothing as smooth as those on the Japanese. These are harsh and quick markings of men who have spent entirely too much time in prison but not quite enough. The leader of the group has one of the boys grinding on his lap as he watching the show on stage. He’s not going to last much longer.
I couldn’t help myself and snorted a laugh at that. So like his father apparently.
(See the end of the chapter for
The boys let out a breath that they hadn’t even known that they were holding.
He was talking to Delek in the European study they had created for Yama. I was motioned to a chair and sat down waiting for their conversation to be over.
His face fell and the look of utter sadness crushed my heart to look at.
Greg looked down at his dick, which showed great interest.
John sighed and stretched his legs. He hadn’t realized how much he enjoyed the ability to just move in any direction he wanted. Sherlock was kneeling next to him awaiting a command.
He went to speak but I stopped him, “No. You will not do this. Now if you will excuse me, I think it would be better if I was elsewhere right now before we both do or saying something that we will regret more than what has already been said here.”
“He’s been told to be more cautious about us, “he said close to my ear.
“John?” he asked me in a rough voice, “Is that really you? Or am I having another nightmare?”
One night found the two of us lounging in his tent. His favorite slave was sucking his cock while we were talking.
“Sherl?” I asked quietly.
“But Master I am here. I am alive. I am safe.” I said.
I shivered in anticipation of what he had planned next.
I didn’t feel him reach around and release the leather ring but the minute he did I came harder than I thought I could come. The world with light and pleasure and all good things to me. I felt him release his issue inside me. He caught me as I collapsed because my legs could no longer support me. He quickly undid the ties that bound me to the bed and helped me to lay down.
“Now we have a direction Watson,” he said with a toothy grin.
The unsaid phrase ‘because it may be the last time I/you have the chance’ was silently floating in the air.
“It’s dark in here,” he grumbled.
“Sire.” I said. Words were starting to come out of my mouth again.
He grabbed my chin and forced me to meet his eye, “It is not nothing John. It will always be a symbol of my failure to keep you safe.”
I sat stunned. How was I supposes to respond to that? But I had an order and by this point I had fallen in love with the man.
She walked over to the trunk I had just finished packing.
“John?” He said very quietly, “Are you here?
I contacted Mycroft who joined us at the Manor with several of his slaves in tow.
At the age of eleven it was decided that we should start our studies at Eton. Usually the age was thirteen but our father had convinced someone that we were ready for the rigorous system. Personally I think it was the Queen but William tells me that I am being silly thinking that. Either way we found ourselves at Eton finding our place among all the other fags. We were housed with the Kings Scholars having, apparently, been a legacy choice.
“Can’t trust the locals,” said William, “Good to know for next time we escape.”
“Did you see Shirley?” he asked.
“No,” he said grabbing my wrist preventing me from leaving him, “Let’s try this again.”
I climbed up on the table and carefully balanced myself as I slowly worked myself onto his cock. As I bottomed out, he placed his hands on my hips and said, “Move.”
“Aw did I make you drop that? Why don’t you bend over and pick that up and show me your pretty firm ass?” came a voice that I did not recognize. I was spun around and slammed into the wall. I recognized the person as Lord Simion. He was the third son of a minor Lord in the royal line and was a well know neer-do-well. He had three broken engagements and one wife that died under mysterious circumstance to his name. His face was red from drink. His hair was unkempt and greasy. His clothes were very worn. Time had not been kind to him or his visage.
“I remember that room. I did not encounter it until after the Baron returned me to Moriarty. I barely remember what happened in the room apparently I ‘went away’ as Delek has told me to preserve my fragile sense of self that was being eroded away.”
Which turned out not to be much except that the stableman who was missing had been a replacement for another slave that had to be replaced at the last minute due to an accident that had crippled him. Everyone had nice things to say about William and James. The Math Professor was considered a bit of a strange bird but really good with his job and totally devoted to his students.
“Any funny business and I’ll cut you,” he growled.
Sherlock said, “No, I put that into my equations.”
“But how can I win? Sherlock can learn at the feet of the Master.”
“Naw…..OK one more good ‘un.”
“Sir, you must rest,” he said trying to get me to lay down again.
Comments and Kudos are motivation
So Mary is now in the mix. Next chapter is the plan....
I outlined my plans to Zaram and Pason who had good ideas that took care of some of the problems that I hadn’t solved.
“Let’s say it took a bit of doing to get the information of your whereabouts from him. He is such a loyal slave. Then he had a few ‘accidents’ along the journey back.”
Sherlock nodded and went downstairs where he found Toby asleep on the blanket, but he was shivering.
“I’ll tell Mikhail and Sasha. They would be up for some fun after this dry spell we have been forced on.”
He felt a hand at his waist steading him and then he felt his Master’s tongue licking each wound slowly tasting his body and his blood. He held back a giggle because it would not do him good to giggle but the thought of the religious iconography of that moment amused him.
“What?” I cried in total surprise.
A face came into his visual range. He focused on it and only it.
“Who Shirley really is?”
Toby complied not wanted to feel the current run through his body again.
“There’s my boy.”
“Drugs,” I said playing that I was trying to fight through something in my system. I had watched Holmes in this condition enough I figured I could fool him.
As Moran headed for me, I threw my knife at Moriarty which made a meaty thunk at it hit and embedded between the shoulder blades. She let go of Sherlock and was propelled forward to the cliffs edge.
He could see the light dawn in my eyes as my targets had re-appeared.
“He’s not immune to the sensation. Tiger I want you to untie the Doctor and hang him up by his thumbs. I want to play.”
“No, no you are fine Sherlock. You are fine. You are such a good boy aren’t you?”
He felt his Master’s hand shift to his balls fondling them gently then giving them a light twist and tug at irregular intervals. He now groaned in earnest as his cock seem to expand more than he ever thought it could. The torture between pain and pleasure was exquisite and sent him to that space where there was nothing but him and his Master. He felt the leather cord being unwrapped from his balls and cock. The tugging and pulling and stroking continued.
I hadn’t realized that he had stopped until he untied my hands and removed the blindfold. He helped me up and sat me on the bed and made me drink some water.
“Strip,” came the order and I found myself obeying without thinking.
The cramping became worse the longer I was forced to stay in that position.
The next morning I woke up to Holmes screaming to be let go. He would be good. He was hysterical and pulling so hard against the straps that I thought he would hurt himself. When Yama came towards him with the syringe, Holmes almost dislocated his shoulders trying to get away. It was pitiful to watch. He fought the drug running through system with every ounce of strength he had until he finally succumbed to it.
“Only when I ask him to be,” came the reply.
“Hey, hey! I like this shirt! Stop it!”
I could feel tears forming in my eyes but it was not sadness but anger that brought them forth.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Stop,” he said. He turned the vibrators off so the only sound in the room was the three men panting.
“Now let’s not have a repeat of last time Sebastian,” said voice 2, “I don’t want to have to bury this one too.”
“Sorry?”
He realized the amount of pressure he was putting on my neck and released his hold quite a bit.
There was one of Janan personal slaves strapped face up on a bench with a ring gag in his mouth.
“You will get these back after your contract is done. Unless you are in public with the Masters or it is needed for the task at hand, you will remain naked. Now I need you to help Winston with packing up the Mistress’ room.”
He stepped back and looked at the lovely picture in front of him. He pulled out his phone and hit the buttons to start up the vibrators. The humming sound grew louder as he upped the speed. All three men in front of him groaned or moaned as the vibrations were taking them apart.
He thought how nice it would be for Sherlock to suck him off before his mind disappeared into the fog of want and need.
“This is how it is going to be. I am taking you and my master with me. If your people try anything, your life is forfeit. Understand that I have nothing left to lose so killing us would not deter me from making sure you go first. Also understand that I have no qualms about killing you slowly and painfully and sending pieces back to prove I still have you.”
“Sherlock, that paper was using bad data as I recall. Now stop being a berk and let me up.”
He looked me in the eye and shrugged, “Let’s start with the fingers.”
That was easier said than done. Hidal’s slaves were loyal to him and I could not fault them for that but a number of them were getting nervous about Moriarty’s presence in the compound and since he had gotten Moran back, he was even more unhinged.
She sat down and placed her boots on Sherlock’s back. She grinned at my discomfort.
He came to on his side with Sherlock licking the bite on his neck. He pulled forward but realized that Sherlock was still knotted to him so he relaxed back into Sherlock.
=-=-=-=-=-=-=
“Who are you?” I asked.
Instead I found myself falling to my knees sobbing like a child. Mary joined me on the floor and took me into her arms. She held me and comforted me as I poured out all my angry and fear and sadness and my frustration. I was so frustrated that no one could see what I could see as to how bad this could get.
“Ahhhhhhhhhh….that’s the spot. Now move.”
He held up the gild edge contract that I had signed proclaiming myself the sole property of Sherlock Holmes as long as we both shall live almost a year ago.
“How did he….never mind I should know better than to try to figure out a Holmes.”
I could not help but let out a gasp.
Ali lead us to the city’s gates and let us through where our pack animals were waiting for us.
He let those thoughts comfort him as he drifted into sleep knowing that would be the best way not to panic.
“Without Holmes I have no life. I have gone the length and breath of the globe to find him and bring him home. Now I will not be permitted to do ever that?”
“John, you and Mary have given my family a great gift. The possibility to carry on our lineage and not have it fall by the wayside to a scion branch of the household. We owe you both a great debt.”
I mouthed ‘follow my lead’ and she smiled. I took my left hand and placed it right above his torso where he could feel the warmth coming from it but not the hand itself. I ran my hand down his torso and then up his arm as Mary did the same. This elicited a rather sharp intake of breath from Holmes. We did this several times and then changed to just our fingertips running patterns across his torso not going lower than his navel.
“Why not,” I said in a weary voice, “It seems to be my lot in life that I find a Master and make the mistake of having feelings for him only to lose him one way or another.”
He jerked the man to behind the Tiger.
He walked back and said, “Position Boy.”
So it had something to do with a case that either Sherlock has been called in on or will be called in on. He didn’t know if it could be tied to anything that his group was doing. What he did know is that he had to play the sidekick role to the great Sherlock Holmes like the stories that he had put up on the web log.
The man stopped struggling and let Sherlock put his dog hood back on.
I heard him pull something out of the closet. I resisted looking.
There was one question that he had not answered nor had we asked. I looked at William and he gave me a slight nod. I asked the question that we both had, “You were Uncle Sherlock’s body slave?”
Before me I saw Moran alive. But not Moran the way I last saw him. This looked like a crooked version of him. His body was twisted as if the bones had been broken and not reset correctly. He took his cane and, with some items pulled from his pockets, he assembled a gun that he took aim and shot at the figure of Holmes across the way.
She smiled at me and knelt in front of me. She put her hands on my knees and pushed them apart. I obeyed and watched as she reached for my member, which was showing interest. She took me in hand and did a pull and tug with a twist. I hissed through my teeth as I felt all the blood rush to my groin. She was very skillful with her hands but her mouth was a religious experience. As she licked and sucked my cock and balls, I found myself losing control quickly and releasing in her mouth.
“Ah don’t worry about it. Different strokes for different folks.”
Here is another piece. Hope you enjoy it.
It was like he had given Sherlock the best case ever. Sherlock stripped him of his clothes and placed John in the bath. He proceeded to carefully and very lovely wash John from the top of his head to the tip of his toes.
Sherlock turned to his brother and said very formally, “I apologize for my property’s lack of manners. I will make sure that my slave is reprimanded properly.”
“Hello James.” The babe yawned and nodded off.
“But Holmes?” I said.
“Oh my Pet if you only knew what you were doing to me now,” purred the voice in his ear.
“Remember that John’s phone rang when I pulled it out of his pocket?”
“Sit!” I said in a very commanding voice. He did as ordered.
“The past several days I have been….uncomfortable. I put it down to all the travel and changes in diet and the like.”
I felt him release the ropes that held me to the bed. He helped me sit up and sat down next to me. He gave me some water to drink which I expressed my gratitude to him.
I did a slow blink and was grateful that activity didn’t hurt.
I adjust my position as ordered.  I heard the whistle of the whip before it kissed my rear.
“Hey! What the fuck are you doing here?” he heard Donnovan shout.
“Poisoned?”
The day of the soiree I was outfitted with a butt plug and a cock cage with a clever leather belt holding both contraptions in place. I thought how you would have liked this on your person so I could tease you mercilessly. There was a red collar locked around my neck. I was informed that this would tell the patrons that I was off limits and this was a good thing. I was wash and oiled up. My beard was trimmed and my hair was pulled back and tied off.
“Clean me up,” I said.
He grabbed my face in his hand and forced me to meet his eye.
He let go and shoved Sherlock away, “Now get your shite together because this is a test and you better pass it.”
Yama nodded, “That may be the case. Either way, this version of his personality is dangerous. He presents a hazard to himself and us.”
His mate had other ideas.
There were inarticulate protests from Holmes’ mouth but his member did not flag.	`
Hollow voices rang in my head.
“You like it.”
“Oh Watson,” came that liquid voice that went straight to my member which seemed to engorge even more.
I opened my mouth to reply but no sound.
“There now they will know we mean business. Look at the camera for me.”
‘Where is the artistry?’ he thought, ‘No one uses rope anymore.’
I didn’t know if I could trust him so I gave him the bare bones of how we got to his lands. I did not mention the name Moriarty or Moran in the conversation.
Moriarty left me with a cold sweat rolling down my body. I focused on Moran hoping against hope that my cover was exposed the way I thought it might be. But in my heart of hearts I knew that I had been exposed.
“Holmes,” I slurred as if I had been seriously drugged.
Mycroft went to the sidebar and poured himself a stiff drink. He tossed it back, sat down and opened the letter from John.
Just as we road off, we heard the alarm being given and we knew there would be pursuit.
He did not wait long until he heard the voice of the man from the video, “Mr. Holmes, what may I get you?”
She bowed to Mycroft and said in a quiet voice, “James, come with me so we can clean your hands. William, let’s go see what we have for tea today.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Lestrade was horrified and embarrassed at what he had just done. He threw on his clothes and left the room quickly leaving a mess on the floor.
I could feel his body relax a bit. I shifted to get around him but found myself pinned to the bed by Holmes rather painfully.
Father interrupted, “Could someone outside the Marketplace see it?”
I had been taken to Delek with the knife still buried in my chest and my lungs filling with blood. They drained the blood from my lungs by the means of an incision and a piece of tubing. How Delek got the dagger out of my chest without the lung collapsing or my heart to be pierced or half a dozen other things that could have led to my immediate demise are mysteries to this day. Apparently at some point my heart did stop but he got it going again, several times. He did save my life that day and I will always be grateful to him for that.
“Jim has been here with me the whole time….You don’t think Mycroft?”
“Not now Holmes,” I said through gritted teeth.
“They have our boys,” I said trying to keep the rage and panic that was rising in my gut from spilling out.
Sherlock snapped the leash back on the collar and they went back inside.
My heart sunk as I realized that my instinct of a trap was correct and I was seriously in the thick of it.
We have been told that this will never see the light of day so William doesn’t see the point of writing it. Uncle John explained the importance to us but it has apparently fallen on me. (In other handwriting is written ‘Not true’).
I felt the cool touch of my Master on my face, “Oh Watson, how I have used you badly. I hope some day you can forgive me.”
“Sorry?”
I was installed as both valet and maid for Moriarty. Each I would help dress in the fashion that they wished to wear that day. The one rule that they seem to have was only one could wear feminine dress. I noticed that one seemed to prefer presenting their female face to the world but it did not mean that the other didn’t do the same.
She said, “Moran, take care of this mess,” gesturing to the slaughter house the corridor had become.
The during the next five months life there was a certain ‘sameness’ to it. I attended my practice and did various extra jobs for Mycroft and other clients who were part of the Marketplace. I was making a nice sum from it.
Mycroft looked at me with cold distain, “Dr. Watson, I know you heard me correctly and you also know how I feel about repeating myself.”
I went through the mental map I made as we walked through the town, “Just past the pub I believe. Small station.”
“Magnets,” said Sherlock, “now lift up so I can get a towel under you. Believe me it will be more comfortable.”
Sorry for the pause. A lot going on.
It was focused on John’s face and all three men could see the blood running down his face from his nose along with the vivid mark on his face where he had been struck. He looked like he was panicking with the knife to his throat but his eyes told a whole other story. John was angry. All three men had seen that look and it not gone well for them so they knew who ever had captured John Watson had no idea what they had strapped to that chair.
He heard a ruckus outside the flat but knew that the police had it in hand.
She grabbed my balls and twisted hard. I yelped involuntarily at the painful sensation. Tears flowed from my eyes rather freely.
That is how we found ourselves in the rather palatial palace of the local Prince Harrai and were shown to private rooms within the palace. Hassan showed me where the bath house was and I decided to take advantage of it to clean Sherlock and myself up from our adventures.
Yama motioned to me and we left Sherlock alone on the floor.
Jim and Seb needed John in their lives so they would move heaven and earth to find him.
And then I heard no more.
“You know I take no pleasure in this in the least,” said John, “Your brother may be another matter. He likes to watch apparently.”
“Brace yourself,” I said as I pulled the plug all the way out. I grab the rope harness on his body and used him for my pleasure. Right before I climaxed, I pulled the bow I had tied on the leather string releasing his balls and cock. I felt him tighten around my cock sending me over the edge.
I melted at his touch and kind words.
He stood up and started packing. I stopped him gently.
Holmes wiped his chin of the mess we had made and said, “Was that satisfactory Sir?”
“NO!” I shouted, “NO! I SHALL NOT LET YOU DO THIS.”
“I told your assistant to take any calls this evening since I need you with me,” he said.
I tried to stay awake but my body betrayed me and I drifted off.
He then sat on the bench and pulled me into his arms. This time with such tenderness I found myself crying again.
The throbbing pain in his behind was hard to ignore but eventually he found himself drifting.
I do not know if this will ever see light but both Mycroft and Sherlock wanted me to write it down with the help of James and William to tell their side of the story. Or rather James is helping me at the instruction of Mycroft.
“Apparently we need to stay dead a while longer Watson. Mycroft along with his compatriots have managed to dismantle most of Moriarty’s network but there are still a few pieces to pick up before it is all done. We will have to depend on your hospitality until the spring thaw.”
The other man held a gun on John and said, “Get to it.”
So like? Don't like? Am I going too slow?
“The boy,” said Delek.
I went back to my room rather than the dancing. My legs were shaking.
“Holmes?” I asked “How could I be?”
Comments and Kudos are fuel for the writing fire.
Holmes huffed in derision.
I took a sip and spit it out, “Don’t drink it. I think it is drugged. Eat the apple instead.”
There was no reply.
Each restricted movement a song of submission.
I checked the wounds that Moriarty had inflicted on him and they were shallow enough that they had mostly stopped bleeding. I ripped a sheet and made a bandage. I torn the sheet further and made a breechclout for each of us.
“Watson, can you forgive me?”
“Holmes, if you do not wish….”
John stood up and patted Sherlock’s head absent mindedly.
After a days travel away from Rampur, I found myself finally thinking about what was next. Until that point I had one thing on my mind which was to find Sherlock Holmes. Now having done that, I had to figure out how to find Sherlock within the body in front of me.
I nodded and said, “Assume the position.”
“Yah, I do. Should I mess up his face a little more before we tape this so they will know that we are serious?”
The cool temperature of the water helped the burning of the beating fade to a pleasant memory.
He smiled a slight smile and nodded.
I swear I saw his eyes flash red with anger.
I ran to hug Doctor Watson. He seemed startled but returned the hug very lovingly. William joined me in hugging the man trying to let him know that it was all right. Every thing would be fine.
I could feel the tightness of the cloth, the heat of his hand, and the breeze of the open window behind me.
I continued to gently stroke him and talk in a low voice to him like one would with a scared animal.
I pulled out the drug kit from Moriarty’s house and gave him a shot according to the schedule. Then I had him lay down on his front as I attended the wounds on his back. I had the slaves get me bandages and hot water. I did the best I could with the materials I had but I had grave concerns for his health both mental and physical.
Yama came in after I had consumed about half the glass. He topped my drink off and poured himself one before sitting across from me.
“Figured as much. Glad to have it confirmed. Good night Sherlock. Come along Alphonso.”
The matching grins on their faces chilled me to the core. I could hear a couple of people crying but I kept my focus forward.
“One, thank you Sir,” I said blissfully.
“Experiment!?!?! Is that all I am to you? A bloody experiment that you can toy with and analyze to death? And believe me when I say this sort of thing could kill me.”
Sherlock’s eyes rolled back into his head and he started toppling backwards but was caught by Yama who helped Sherlock down to the floor without injury.
“Stop,” I said in a rather strangled voice.
“To answer the questions you have all formed in your heads, I am fine. Sherlock has been looking after me quite well and Molly has given me the all clear for what I want to do…or rather what I want you to do.”
More soon and the explanation that some of you have been asking about.
“Stand with your feet a shoulder width apart.”
John sat stock still as he felt a needle puncture his skin and the drug being delivered to his system.
John proceeded to work on dislocating his thumbs to get out of his bonds before they came back.
I heard in my right ear,” Here are the rules to the game. You make a sound, you forfeit.”
However part of me knew that all this was due to the torment he underwent to keep Mary and me and the rest of the Marketplace safe.
We snuck upstairs and looked out the front windows. I found myself staring across the street at our rooms in Baker Street and there was an image of Sherlock behind the drawn shades.
“But not like this!”
“Yes Sir. Thank you Sir,” he said while unbuttoning my trousers slowly. He peeled them apart and started stroking sensually the bulge that was rapidly growing larger.
I continued, “This is the thing I cannot teach you but you must learn to mimic it without any hesitation. I am called to service. I am called to serve you and your whims and moods. I am called to serve you body and soul. This is me to the core.”
‘You are not alone,’ I heard Sherlock’s voice in my head.
I grinned and pulled down my scarf so he could see my face, “Safe for the moment as are your drugs. But we shall have to see how long either remain so.”
Again he started with flogging my balls and then moved to my back and buttocks.
Zaram popped his head in and said, “We have rounded up the rest. It was ten men total. Not very sporting if you ask me.”
Sherlock grinned, “I know John. This is an experiment.”
The man nodded and wrote down Holmes’ tag number.
He laughed and helped me up then hugged me so tightly I thought my ribs might crack.  He finally let go and stepped back to look at me.
“On my way.”
I looked to my left to see Holmes sleeping on a pallet.
One day I was taken in front of Moriarty and forced to my knees.
“Look you. We had a deal. I let you do with me what you will even though all I wanted was a cup of tea and to watch the match on the telly. Now you will do as I want.”
I said, “Doctor John Watson.”
I nodded again and he left for the bedroom. I fought my way to my legs, which felt rather wobbly underneath me. Slow I made my way to the bedroom wondering what wonders lay ahead for me. Happy Boxing Day indeed.
He held me for a bit and then tucked me into bed.
And birth and lady parts discussed.
“He could order me to fly but I could not complete the task,” I said rather brusquely, “nor do I think I can complete this order either.”
He shook his head, “No, no not that at all.”
“Sorry?”
The obscene sounds coming from the men just made him harder as he ground himself into his Pet. And finally it became all to much so with a hoarse shout he shot his load into the ass of his Pet who gave a cry as he came in the ass of his Tiger who came as his Boy came down his Tiger’s throat.
He untied the young slave and helped me put Moran in his place tying him painfully tight to the bench after undressing him.
I tried to protest but my mouth didn’t want to work. I hurt.
“I’ll admit it hasn’t be easy but now here we are. The next move is yours Mycroft.”
Then one day I was informed that I was no longer going to be given any drugs. I had to get clean for my new owner.
Sherlock cut me off, “John, he is right. If we don’t do something the whole structure will be lost. I will lose you and I cannot do that. We will find ourselves in prison or dead or worse.”
The light was turned off leaving Toby in darkness again shivering at the thought of what was next for him.
I looked at Yama who gestured that I should obey.
I felt someone touch my arm. I turned to see Wilson at my elbow.
I found myself straining to get out of the ropes that bound me to the chair.
Yama sat in the chair next to me and Delek sat in the chair across from me.
Delek looked at Yama and then back to me, “Leave Holmes here.”
Not dead. Just kind of brain dead but I have not forgotten about this tale and will continue to tell it.
“8 days and it was touch and go for a bit. You had been poisoned and were also running a very high fever.”
Sherlock smiled. This was going to be easy.
He was limp on the bed as I carefully disengaged and rolled onto the other side of the bed. I pulled him into my arms and whispered “Sherlock, I love you with all that I have to give.”
The chief pointed to his crotch and said, “Mycroft says that you have a magic mouth and I wish to experience this before you leave me.”
I tried to keep all sound to myself but a groan escaped my lips and I promptly felt a sharp blow against my backside that caused me to loose the plug and the liquid erupted from my bowels.
“You know what to do John.”
“For being such a fool,” he said, “you were right. I was unfit for the role I played and now we are both paying the price for it.”
“Good,” he said and he kissed his Tiger long and hard.
Apparently the look of concern on my face was evident.
John tried the entire time to get Sherlock to listen to reason. Sherlock was having none of it and John found himself again chained to the bed face down with Sherlock rubbing his alpha cock all over his ass.
Then he felt a finger breach him in a most private place. He relaxed and focused on the sensation of that finger. Slowly one became two and then three. Pushing and pulling and stretching him. Readying him for what was to come.
I looked at his emaciated frame.
“You worked so hard to get me to stop taking various substances that were detrimental for my well being. And they broke me. Now I need the vapor of the poppy to keep my body from falling apart.”
“I know you have been trying to figure out what to do with our two ‘guests’ especially because both of them are related one way or another to some of your allies in Italy. So killing them outright would be a bad move. Having them vanish won’t help much either because you want to send a message that kidnapping you or Sherlock is a very bad idea without showing your hand to the world or at least the criminal world which would lead to you being attached to all kinds of activities that you have been careful to keep your name off of.”
She grabbed him by the balls and twisted hard. Simion lets out a howl of pain. He tried to pull free of Moran’s grip but his efforts were fore naught.
What had Moriarty done to him?
I stood up and helped him stand. I led him to the bathhouse eager to serve again.
I thought about the offer, “No, I think I am fine right now but I will keep it in mind.”
John left with the Tiger and Jimmy. He turned off the light leaving Sherlock in darkness.
The other two men did the same and headed off for the showers.
By the time we arrived at the station, we had a decent idea who everyone was and where they were from. I had used my cover as my story and my fellow slaves accepted me as one of their own.
“Toby, I really need you to behave for John today,” said Sherlock, “I promise you that disobedience might get you killed.”
“And what the fuck did you put in my tea this time?!??!”
I hope you like it.
I started to cry. He was in there. My Master was here.
She was taken to a round dais that was situated in the middle of the room.
His focus on the body in front of him made it possible for me to take a swing before he realized there was danger. He fell to the ground insensate.
He opens his mouth, sticks out his tongue and licks the tip of object in front of his lips. He turns slight to his right and starts to slowly insert the dildo into his mouth
“What plan?” I asked.
She could see the confusing on my face.
We fled as fast as we could but could hear the sounds of the patrols that were looking for us.
“What do you want in trade?”
She backhanded him so hard he fell back onto his heels, “Don’t lie to me. You know how I cannot abide a liar.”
“Hey, hey, hey,” Holmes said in a soft voice and he gathered me in his arms, “it cannot have been that bad.”
Yama said, “Dr. Watson has done you yeoman service Mr. Holmes. He rescued you and brought you to us so that we might help you heal.”
“Do you understand that you may be called on to service both sexes? Mary is the perfect solution for this.”
“I know but…but I have grown fond of you Mary.”
He shuttered and said in a low voice, “When they take you into the room of pain, strap you down to the metal table, force a gag in your mouth, and attach wires to points on the straps which have a small metal plates attached to them. They change the position of them from time to time but always attached to the head.”
Problems for another day.
We entered the bathhouse as Yama was leaving it.
“That ass end of nowhere? Why? You can’t get it up with all the ice that surrounds the town.”
I said the word “Doctor” in about three different languages until I figured out that Hassan spoke English.
Sherlock grinned and took a glob of the stuff and forced it between John’s lips. John tried to bite Sherlock’s fingers but the hand on his throat convinced him not to. He let Sherlock feed him the ejaculate. Sherlock then took another glob and when between John’s legs. John yelped as he felt Sherlock playing with his asshole. Sherlock took finger after finger and used it as lube to ease the intrusion. John would never admit it, but he appreciated the time and care Sherlock was taking to open him up. After a while Sherlock pulled a small anal plug from god knows where and inserted it into John’s ass.
I knelt with my head down waiting for my next order.
He nodded.
“I apologize to you both. You gave me something beautiful and I sullied it with my atrocious behavior.”
He could hear Greg smile over the phone, “How soon?”
COmment s and Kudos are appreciated. And I do know that I have to go back and fix some continuity in the previous chapter
“I felt like this evening was a reward. I…” he had a hard time forming words so he grabbed his Master’s hand and kissed it.
Yama put up a hand, “Never mind, I can see it in your face. And if he never beats you again? Can you still call him Master?”
We could read through the code and knew that the meeting had been moved to the baths. Strategically it was a good move. No weapons could be brought in the conversation. But it was not such good news to me. If Moran was there, he knew about the mark on my shoulder he had made with his gun.
“Shhh” came the voice of Camera, “Don’t move. I wouldn’t want to screw up and miss the vein.”
“Such a good girl. I might have to reward you but probably not.”
John squatted in front of him and grabbed his hair pulling his head up.
‘Sherlock Holmes, we have Dr. Watson in a very secure location. If you care to have him live them you will follow the instructions in the package you will find under the morgue table at Bart’s. If you do not comply or we have any hint that you have gone to the police, we will dump Dr. Watson’s body in the Thames and you might find it in the spring if you are lucky.’
I found myself dozing slightly when I heard the tread of my master’s footsteps on the stairs to my room.
The Phone Call:
The next morning I awoke to Sherlock shivering even harder and mumbling in various languages.
The solution came by accident. When we were sleeping the wool blanket fell over my hand and I awoke itching and a severe rash on my hand as my body objected to the rough wool blanket that I had sleep on.
I couldn’t take it anymore. I pulled out the gun from my holster and shot Moriarty and then shot Moran.
Sherlock shook his head, “We must save him. Must save him for John. John will save him and we will go away.”
He got into the car and Greg got them out of there.
Sherlock called out, “In the bathroom.”
I massaged his hands and arms, which had started to cramp. He drifted as I worked and by the time I was done, he was asleep.
“Sire?” Apparently the same words kept coming out of my mouth with different inflections.
“My blessings to you both. Now hush, the owners are coming to take their property.”
Holmes picked it up and read it. His face blanched and the paper fell from his fingertips.
There was a tap on my back and the order, “Present.”
I heard Holmes crying and I want to comfort him. I tried to get up but found myself restrained.
“Farming community,” said William with his mouth full of apple.
He pointed to the man on the ground and said, “That is Aladdin my master. His father will pay you well for your help.”
They sat down and ate.
John pushed Sherlock back and Sherlock growled low in his throat. John toed off his shoes and pulled off his trousers leaving him with the adult diaper on. Sherlock dropped to his knees and started rubbing  his head again what was now apparently John’s hard cock. Lestrade could see that the slick was starting to leak from the edges of the garment.
We heard the key in the lock and scampered over to the far side of the room. We blinking like owls from the light streaming from the room beyond the door.
He cocked his head and said, “That bad.”
“Up,” said Moriarty and Sherlock executed the order with precision. Moriarty picked up the nipple clamps and place them and more weights to the clamps.
He did as I told him. I grabbed his cock and started pulling and tugging on it rather roughly guessing that this would be how he had been trained.
“Avoiding temptation,” he said, “Good move. I shall go retrieve it from him. You need to keep your routine. Go to the Turkish bath house that is near Baker Street and await for me there.”
The monk shrugged, “Whatever it is, it must have been bad.”
I could tell this was an order, not a request so I nodded and followed him out to the carriage that awaited us which swiftly took us to his house.
Picking the lock took a bit of doing but we managed to get it done and carefully made our way out of our cell and into the corridor beyond.
Delek and Yama gave each other a look.
“Please help me. Make it stop.” John felt his rational brain receding while his body seemed to be made of flame and pain and he knew the only relief he was going to get was from Sherlock.
Jamie got up and ran a hand through my hair before tugging it hard enough to bring tears to my eyes, “But he is the key to it all.”
All three of them looked at me with such puzzlement like I had grown a second head.
About the time I was about to give up and let him have his way, he was pulled off me violently and tossed down the corridor. He landed on the mugs and broken glass that littered the floor.
The light dawned. Mary was with child and at the time of conception there were two men in her bed. Either of us could be the father to those children or both of us. Any child of Sherlock would be the heir to the Holmes legacy.
“Sir, no Sir,” I said.
“You are not in trouble,” he started.
“No you don’t,” I replied, “We have a contract and a rather permanent one if you care to remember.”
It was not easy as he felt something tickling at his ribs. He tried not to react but a giggle escaped his lips followed by another and another. He tried to get himself under control but the tickling did not stop in fact it became more intense. His body writhed trying to get away from whatever was being used on him.
We relaxed just a bit. He hadn't found the hideout.
“You will do as you promised us and raise them together?”
It wasn’t long before the Tiger just couldn’t control himself. His arms dropped as he came down the Pet’s throat with a scream that would have waked the damn. The Tiger’s arms dropped and his Pet’s arms when up as his pet was pulled off the cock and got a facial.
Then he felt the air differently. He could almost feel a hand above his chest. He thrust his chest up against the restrains that strapped him to the leather sling he was half sitting in. The almost heat vanished.
“I don’t think that would be…”
He stopped and I fell to my knees still holding on to headboard. He picked me up and tossed me onto the bed with my ass hanging off the end and proceeded to exert his dominance. He used his cock as another instrument to inflict pain and pleasure at the same time. I came howling his Christian name. He joined me howling mine.
And we move forward. i can't promise but I do have a couple of story points worked out so this, I hope, will flow faster from me.
He learned how to service women sexual and make it feel so good. I had a splendid time of while he ‘practiced’ on me.
“What would you have me do? If we free him, he will do harm either to himself or ourselves. If we restrain him and wait, he might come to his senses. If only we knew what happened to him that brought him to this state, we might have a chance to help him back.”
When Mycroft summoned me to the Diogenes Club, I had an inkling of what waited for me behind the strong oak door of the visitor’s room. I was furious that he, yet again, had gone against my wishes. I can barely keep a plant alive so how could I be responsible for a human being?
Holmes took me by the arm and said, “I need you to go look at the stables and the kitchen. Talk to the other slaves that work there and see if they saw anything. They will talk to you more easily than if ordered to talk to me.”
John scurried up the stairs and into their apartments. He could hear the fighting below. He glanced out the window to see Greg and Sherlock fighting all comers.
I stood behind Janan with my head scarf wrapped also around my face.
“How?” I said, “How can I help?”
Slowly they brought him back to the world.
Mycroft got up and went to the door. He opened it and Sherlock could see his assistant on the other side with courier pouch that she handed over to Mycroft, “I believe this is what you were talking about.”
“Undress me, “ he commanded and I obeyed. I wrapped a towel around his waist but stayed naked.
Mycroft closed his mouth and nodded with resignation. He sat down in the chair that Sherlock gestured to.
Mycroft looked the worst I think I had ever seen him. His color was horrible. He looked like he was about to pass out but there was that Holmes nervous energy about him.
Sherlock undid the bindings but left the cuffs on.
Toby tried to find a way to eat the cereal and quickly found that his tongue was his best tool to do so. He tried to use his hands and Sherlock had shocked him hard.
I woke up to being poked in the back and I rolled over to see Sherlock looking right at me.
Sherlock, gasping for breath having been let go, grabbed at Moriarty and pushed her so that Moriarty went over the cliff side.
We were snuck back into the city and to the Nawab’s compound for the next part of the plan.
He looked very fearful.
He laughed, “You cost me a pretty penny and I hope my guess about you is correct.”
I could feel a cold sweat breaking out as I realized what was about to happen to me.
Sherlock looked at him and nodded.
“Is a visit to Mycroft in order?” asked Seb.
Both men looked shocked seeing John sitting there.
I took his other hand and put it on my heart, “But I am still here. My heart beats for you Master and only you. We will see our sons. I have and will morn the loss of Mary in my life but there is nothing to say that she would not have died anyway in childbirth besides she would have gone off to India with her mistress leaving me as alone as I was after she died. You were stupid and headstrong for going through with this mad plan but you are here with me.”
“That’s it!” he said, “Watson come on. I will explain along the way.”
John gestured and Jim Moriarty stepped into view. He was naked and the marks on his body were vivid against his very pale skin.
“What don’t I understand? Tell me what I am missing? Instruct me as to what I must do to make this right….to make him right again.”
Toby got up on all fours and went over to Basil who started sniffing around Toby so Toby decided to follow Basil’s lead and sniff back.
We both let out the breaths we had been holding.
She continues to piston in and out and then slapped his ass hard with her other hand. The sound was loud to my ears and I could see a handprint quickly raised on his ass from the impact. She did it several more times.
Mary smiled at me a bit sadly and said, “That is a problem indeed. Come to bed dear. Let me take care of you.”
Mary gave me a hug and said, “I suggest you do what Sherlock ordered you to do. I do not think I am what you need right now.”
Mycroft shuttered and nodded as much as the head harness would let him.
Sherlock nodded again and a tear escaped his eye.
She proceeded to press first one of her gloved finger into his ass quickly followed by another one. Holmes tried to relax against the intrusion as he had prepared him for this possible activity.
As I said, they needed this before what happens next.
Hope you continue to enjoy my scribblings.
“Watson, I can’t give you what you obviously want and need anymore. That voids it if nothing else.”
Sherlock grabbed Mycroft’s arm before he could swing, “Stop it! Both of you. This is not doing the boys any good. Mycroft, John is concerned for the boys as are you. And may I remind you about the conversation we had about abusing my property”
“Let’s stop playing games Dr. Watson. I want my property back,” said Moriarty, “I even have a bill of sale with your signature on it to show the Nawab that Shirley belongs to me.”
I opened my mouth and she placed a finger on my lips, “Shhhhhhhh. No. Say nothing.”
“All of them. Oh don’t worry I am not going to leave you naked in my cellar. I do not need you getting sick on me.”
“Only took you about 20 years brother to figure that out,” said Mycroft as he entered the room, “Also I don’t think I am the pickiest one in the family.” Both brothers looked at me.
Sherlock tried to figure out what was going on behind him.
I stood up and bowed to the two men then went back to our rooms to find Holmes staring out into the courtyard where arms practice was taking place.
“I thought John was in tight with the current heads of that gang,” said Molly.
I put on my Doctor voice, “It’s to be expected considering your past history of use. The cravings never really go away but you find ways of dealing with them. We will get through this together. We have done it before and we will do it again as many times as we need.”
I placed my other hand over his mouth and said, “Do I have to gag you?”
“He’s not going to tell you anything,” said Moran, “I know his type.”
There was a cushion in the middle of the room and light seemed to be streaming from above. I went to the cushion, knelt up and put my hands behind my head interlocking my fingers.
“Sherlock,” Molly went over to Sherlock and slapped him soundly across the face. She reached into his shirt and grabbed his collar forcing him to his knees.
Holmes was fighting me all the way. Eventually I got a hold on him and Yama gave him the sedative that the monk had brought in.
“Erm, I can bath myself,” said John.
“So they preventively kidnap John!?!?!?” said Jim.
He waved his hand dismissing me. I bowed and left to find Yama.
He nodded and said, “It shall be done.”
“My poor John, what I have put you through,” he said running his hand down the side of my face. I relaxed into the touch.
William nodded and looked at the tracks in the road.
I took the anger I felt as I finally had a name to attach to my pain and pulled it in to myself and turned the hot rage into cool resolve that I would be the one to put a bullet in the head of Moran.
I gestured to one of the empty chairs and Sherlock sat down.
I picked him up and took him to the bed and sat him down. I knelt in front of him and discovered that he was crying.
He attached one end of the chain to the leather cuffs surrounding the wrists of his Tiger. He stood up on the bench behind the cross and threaded the chain through the eyebolts at the top leaving the chains hanging on the side with the bench.
“Watson,” came the voice to cut through the nightmare I found myself in.
Sherlock was worrying. John could see it on his face and in his body language. He was putting on a brave face but John knew.
Yama was sitting on a chair watching me.
“You need to come with me,” he said.
But they were not done with me. The audience was then invited to try what they had learned on me and some other slaves that were brought in and drugged.
I said nothing but he could see the love in my eyes for him. He smiled and ruffed my hair like I was his favorite pet, “Now see to the luggage except the two carpet bags that I packed which I want you to put unopened in our room. After that I want you to prepare lunch for us both.”
In the middle of the room what looked like a metal footstool, but the shape was wrong. Toby didn’t have time to figure it out before Sherlock had slapped metal cuffs on his wrists and ankles. He led Toby to the metal object and helped position him. Sherlock adjusted the frame until Toby was centered with his head down and ass up. He hit a button and the metal cuffs locked to the frame. Toby looked confused.
The sound in the room was the man’s panting breath as he tried to hold his body in place. The stress of this exercise was starting to tell on his body. He started to sag a bit from fatigue only to feel the sharp sting of a whip across his chest opening a wound that his sweat seems to gravitate making it sting the more.
Moran did not move even when his privates were released.
He uncoiled the whip he held in his hand and snapped it with a loud crack. He stepped back and looked over my shoulder apparently waiting for a signal.
He rolled over onto his back and said with a smile, “I am undone.”
He followed me to the bathhouse. The monks who were bathing got out quickly. They bowed to me upon leaving.
I heard a whimper come from that corner of the room. I stood up carefully and waved off Yama. I crossed to Holmes who seemed to be having a bad dream. I sat down next to him and pulled him into my lap. His long arms went around my waist and his head mashed up against my stomach. I stroked him gently and crooned a silly song that I had used to calm him before. I could feel him fall further into a deep sleep.
“Yes,” she said with a slight smile.
William pulled the lock picks he had sewn into the lining of his coat and handed them to me.
I spent sometime gathering information about the room I was in when I heard a door open behind me. I assumed that the creak of the hinge was on purpose to add to the tension in the room and the subject within.
John pressed into Sherlock. Of course Sherlock was right. This was their little secret. Sherlock was always right…Maybe if he was good he could get Sherlock to screw him so he could watch him do it…Oh fuck…and John knew he was screwed in more ways than one.
“In Russia right after you poisoned me.”
Sherlock accepted his cup and saucer and took a few sips before putting it down and starting to pace.
We had a nice dinner with our Uncle. I sat back and enjoyed the banter between both my father and my uncle and that between my uncle and my brother.
He grabbed my collar and hauled me out of the pool and into the hot room.
He took it and smelled it carefully. He lit a candle on his work bench and took a little of Williams hair and dropped it into the flame. The hair burnt quickly but there was a weird color in the flame. He took James’ hair and did the same test.
“You want to make me proud?”
“We have to get to the train and there are none until tomorrow Holmes. I will pack us and get us ready to go. We will be home by tomorrow and you can pick up the threads from there. We will find the boys.”
I told her what I told you and she listened carefully. Simion tried to interrupt but found himself being held by Moran with his arm painfully behind his back.
I did not expect to feel a hand on my trousers and feel the head radiating from Holmes to my cock. I could feel myself thicken.
“Honored company, I am pleased to be able to show you the techniques that some of us discussed earlier.”
He laughed, “That may be more complicated that you think. I do not have Sherlock Holmes in my possession nor does anyone else.”
“He is actually doing better,” he said in a very positive voice.
“He enjoyed beating you before?”
“No Sherlock. Not at all. It can be overwhelming and better with us than your Master or Mistress,” said Mary as she came into the other side and added her hug to mine.
The voice growled, “Mine.”
“I know Jimmy, you are a competitor through and through and you don’t quit which is one of the reasons I love you.”
I found my mind focusing on the heat of my rump rather than the boys and that allowed me to fall into a deep sleep.
Nicholas was going across Russia to see how the trans-Siberian railroad was doing since there were conflicting reports of how much work was actually done.
I chuckled and said, “What else is new? This has been my life for the past two years.”
“If he returns as your Holmes, then you can release him. If he is anyone else, then it is better for all of us that he is restrained,” said Delek.
“Yes. Are you wanting to be part of their lives?”
He discovered that his ankles had been zipped tied as well.
I could hear someone enter the room but I did not move. A blindfold was placed over my eyes.
“Let me see,” said the knife wielder.
It was by accident I got my next lead.
He pulled what was left of the nightgown over his head and I gasped.
He awoke on his stomach on one of the beds in one of the suites.
John Watson’s head hurt and his mouth felt dry. He opened an eye only to find that his head seemed to be covered with a burlap sack. He slowly came back to himself and tested his limbs to find out that he had been lashed to a chair with zip ties and tape.
They walked past a number of rooms with peep windows in them. They could hear the occasional moan or the sound of flesh been abused.
Sherlock balled up his fists and mentally counted to calm down,” So you didn’t try it?” he asked casually.
I worked my way to my feet with my knee giving me grief. I went to Holmes’ bed and sat down on it.
Seb entered carefully and John motioned him to join him.
It was during this time that I first became addicted to the concoction that they pumped into my veins as a reward. They used it to control me better than any restraint or leash could.
“Sherlock?” I said taking the head bowed down and forcing it up to face me.
“It has, in fact, been rather quiet of recent,” said Lorna, “he was complaining the other day that his mind was dying of stagnation as everyone, for once, was behaving themselves both in our political system and the world’s.”
“But…”
At some point he passed out.
“That’s a good boy. Aren’t you now?” said Sherlock.
Delek kept his voice in the tone that he had been talking to Holmes who was practically asleep in his lap.
He held up the remote to the collar, “I could always help you with this.”
He smiled. He had forced the contact. He had won.
He took his Pet’s lead and positioned his cock right outside the Tiger’s pucker so both men could feel each other but there was no insertion yet. He unzipped his pants and pulled out his hard on. He knelt behind his Pet and pushed in. As he pushed in, his Pet pushed into his Tiger. He then fucked his Pet as his Pet fucked his Tiger as his Tiger deep throated his Boy.
“Germany,” he said, “in a weeks time there will be a sale that I think will suit our needs. I know the owner of the training house that is sponsoring the auction so I can set up the necessary paperwork. That should give you time to travel to Ravensburg in southern Germany where the sale will be held. I will look over the paperwork that you have compiled for his history and see if we have any problems that need to be addressed.”
“Well, well Dr. John Watson as I live and breath. I can take two guesses why you are here and I only really need one. I am looking forward to my second attempt to end your life. I think this one might go a little smoother. However if you had done the manly thing and offed yourself, I would have accepted that as a victory.”
I settled into my duties and continued to look for anything that might lead me to Holmes.
“I know. If I do die, let father and mother know that I love them.” He coughed a few times to make his point.
“I am not GAY,” he said louder, “Why does everyone think we are a couple?”
“I don’t think I can do that Sir,” I said.
James mumbled into my waistcoat, “We are calling you Uncle John.”
I took his half hard cock into my mouth and proceeded to fellate him to orgasm in rather short order.
He reached a hand out and I quickly got up and went to him to help him up.
William seemed to be assessing what had happened before he sat down.
It was in the middle of the meal that the news of the body was received. Holmes and I went with the local constabulary and the head master to see the bodies.
I looked confused.
The Tiger, who, was for all intents and purposes, was John’s Major Domo and all bowed to him as he bowed to John.
“Close your eyes Mycroft even once and I will add to this,” said John, “The number of times your brother has to suffer is on you now.”
I promise more soon. I am not going to leave you hanging for long. Comments are like water in the desert for me right now.
He shook his head no. He couldn’t stand yet. Not while he was floating.
I did as ordered and nodded.
The travel back was unremarkable other than my reacquainting myself with English culture. I found the clothing binding after having worn monk’s robes for so long. The food was practically tasteless and I was having a hard time eating meat again. Slowly I returned back to being an English Doctor. By the time our ship pulled back into I had returned to my persona of Doctor John Watson, chronicler of the adventures of Sherlock Holmes.
Once in the back yard which was fenced with no obvious exit, Sherlock took the leash off the collar and stepped back.
He fell out of bed and crawled into a corner making himself as small as possible.
My head spun with the task before me. I had only the barest of ideas on how to start. I had been trained but it was by my freewill that I signed my freedom away to be a slave.
“Sir,” My voice went up two octaves.
Yama bowed to Delek who left us alone with Sherlock.
He didn’t pull away. He stood there and stroked my hair like he had done so many times in the past in Baker Street after he had punished me. It was still comforting.
“Not sure,” said Greg, “Not sure at all.”
“I’ll call when I know where we are going next,” said Sherlock.
“You are a very patient man,” came a voice in front of me. I recognized it as the Baron.
“I don’t trust anything that bleeds for seven days and doesn’t die! It’s not natural.” The words exploded from his lips. He turned a bright red after his exclamation.
“But why?”
Sherlock started to weep from relief.
“We are starting with the studded gloves. Usually I would warm up with my hand but since my pet is being punished, he gets no chance to adjust.”
“Hold on,” said the man which John recognized the voice as the Camera Man.
Mary and I unbound Holmes and I removed the blindfold.
“Sorry?”
He waited for the men to awake so they could continue what he had started.
I was grabbed and  shoved roughly. I didn’t have time to process where I was before the cold water hit me.
“Tell me about yourself,” I said.
Warning Warning Warning
The explosion of pain made stars dance in Sherlock’s eye. He let out a scream of the damned.
“I am pretty sure we are farther north,” I said.
The meal was tasty. We ate it and drank some water from the jar they gave us after Will tasted it and declared the water fine for drinking. We put the dishes near the door and kept the jar over by us. Will used the bucket we had for our business and I followed. I put the bucket next to the dishes and went back to the straw pallet on the other wall.
She smiled, “You were at all ends yesterday. Better today?”
In short order John found himself nude on the kitchen floor amidst the clothing he had been wearing. Sherlock scooped him up and carried him to the bathroom.
“God, anything to make this stop.”
One man who I knew as Harold said, “You have no right…”
“Is he aware of what is happening to him?”
Again thanks for your patience.
The waiting was the hardest part. I had nowhere to go since I was a dead man.
He felt hands removed the cuffs and straps that bound him to the sling. Earphones were taken off and the room was loud to him. The blindfold was removed along with the very soggy eye pads. He blinked even in the low light of the room.
I took another pull of the scotch.
“But…”
John had been just dreaming about taking a cool bath. He pinched himself because he couldn’t believe his luck.
Note: I am so warning for this chapter. This is rock bottom on this story. My beta had me tone it down a bit and I understand why. Things do get better for both of them I promise but this is where things were going since the beginning of the story. In fact this was one of the chapters that came to my mind when I started to work through this.
“Well this is a turn indeed,” said Yama, “After you eat, let’s go see the Lama and let him examine your friend.”
Oh that was tempting but he was expecting it.
I smiled and wiped my hand on the bedclothes. Then snuggled in with my Master who put his arm around me and whispered, “A treasure indeed.”
I opened with “It’s not going well is it?”
He went hard and fast and came before I think either of us were ready for him to be done. He collapsed on my back and I held us up with my arms and legs until he moved again.
I could see Holmes’ mind racing as he tried to remember that one fact that was just out of his reach.
“I am sorry Dr. Watson. I will keep my promise not to ransom you to the English but the reward for your capture was too rich to ignore,” said Prince Harrai.
I steeled myself remembering what you taught me.
Moran then saw me and moaned, “You! Why could you not just die? You were supposes to die. Not my Masters. You and this bloody thing.”
He felt a hand thread its way through his curls and pulled hard forcing his head to look up at his Master.
Sherlock’s pet seemed to moan at the news. Jim’s pet tried to lunge at John with a snarl on his face.
I grabbed his waist and just hugged him hard crying for what we had lost.
And for the first time I saw true fear in his eyes.
Holmes figured out in short order that the man had seen the abduction and tried to help the boys only to be killed for his troubles. The only positive was that Holmes had an idea of how many men had been there and what sort of cart had taken the boys off who had apparently struggled before being overcome by chloroform which was still faintly on the rag that he found under the body of the stable hand.
She grabbed him by the cock and pulled his balls out of his clothing.
Holmes nodded and looked rather defeated. He sat down on the chair that Yama had vacated.
“You know better. Now come on over and meet your new playmate. Toby this is my pet and best boy Basil. He is a celebrated pit fighter. Basil this is Toby who is Sherlock’s new pet so be polite.”
“The family is moving to India for a time.”
I now cannot think of my life without him.
I unstrapped him and unhooked the collar from the chain on the wall.
Back for a bit. Thank you for your continued readership and encouragement.
He grasped his own cock and gave it a tug debating what to do next.
“I will do as you ask,” I said with a smile. I could see the slave peeking up at me and I saw a shiver run through his body at the thought.
Sherlock shook his head and said, “I want to save my brother’s life.”
There was also a note from Sherlock and a note from John.
“Not fair my dearest,” said another voice almost exactly like the first.
I asked Yama, who had studied Math at University College Oxford, why they had limited Holmes’ senses. He explained that when we were found Holmes had been in such a state and they discovered that if they removed some of the sensory input, he calmed down.
Then one morning on command I knelt in my cell waiting to be drug up to our training room. I was hooded and pulled up only one flight of steps. My hands were pushed onto to a bar causing my ass to stick out. I was ordered not to move. I felt an invasion of my ass with a tube of some sort and shortly I felt liquid filling my bowels. My stomach distended at the pressure of the liquid inside me and cramps started taking over my attention.
There followed a picture of John in a coffin with his arms crossed over his chest as if dead.
“Doctor John Watson.”
There was a rain of blows each carefully timed to cause maximum pain.
The door opened and a tall skinny man motioned Sherlock to follow him.
Jim watched Sherlock walk into one of the abandon buildings that was one of their drug houses, “He’s our best chance of getting John back.”
He lunged at me in a sheer panic but the chain stopped him short of being able to land a hand on me. He then went back to his bed and curled up in a ball saying, “I’ll be good” and “no more treatments” over and over.
“Now is as good as any. So what do you remember since we parted ways?”
He grinned and continued to remove my shoes, socks and garters, “It’s Boxing Day Watson. I am supposes to call you Sir according to the rules of the day. May I rub your feet Sir?”
“Behave Toby,” said Sherlock as he opened the cage and clipped the leash to Toby’s collar, “You do not want to try me today.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Seb opened the first cage and snapped the leash that John had brought to the collar around the man’s neck then tied it off so the man’s head was forced up. He took the mask off. The man blinked in the light of the room and tried to moan but no sound came from his throat. Seb then did the same to the man in the second cage who tried to fight but a punch to the head seem to take it all out of him.
this was a hard one to write but it has been in my head for a while. Glad to get it out of my head.
“Watson, you continue to amaze me.”
I laughed a barking laugh, “There’s hope? I have very little at this point. What have I done but put him in a situation that I could have not put him in. I lost him and when I found him again, he was lost. I don’t know if either of us are going to recover from this.”
I was informed that I was to go with them while they restocked their merchandize. We traveled to the south of France to another castle where slaves were bought and sold outside the purview of the Marketplace. Moriarty called it the second hand market.
“Help me up.”
They heard the door to the flat open and close.
“So tell me what you do know and may be that will help,” I said.
I knew that I couldn’t avoid the subject nor could I lie to him.
“And you?” he asked.
Each man was trying to figure out what Sherlock had done or not done that lead to the kidnapping of John.
“FOOLISH!!! FOOLISH!!! HAVE YOU EVER LOST YOUR LOVE? HAVE YOU EVER FOUND YOURSELF CONSIDERING THAT EATING A BULLET WOULD FEEL BETTER THAN TO CONTINUE TO LIVE!”
I will try to get the next chapter up soon.
“I want you to think back. I want you to think back to the beginning of your training.”
I met the Baron the first time when he used a single tail whip on me as a lesson for their clients. He was almost clinical about how he presented his skill. I was then used for test practice by the people who wanted to try to match his abilities.
The door closed and we heard the door lock click and the sound of a chain going through something metal and another lock clicked.
The Baron entered and sat behind the desk in the room.
My befuddled brain finally put together what I was hearing. He knew about my position in Sherlock’s life. I looked at him carefully. I could tell that I was looking at a man who at one time had owned a slave. And for the first time in a long time for some strange reason, I felt safe. He understood our relationship and knew what Sherlock meant to me. He had given me an order so I obeyed it.
And just when it might have tipped to a bad place, he stopped and ran his hand over my burning flesh.
I stepped back and she came in and held her slave and her companion in her arms sobbing in despair.
“No Watson, it is still too dangerous,” he said shaking his head.
“What?” I asked.
I went through my morning stretching exercises by which time Liam had arrived to shave me. I did my morning toiletry and went to the dining room to find Mary surrounded by papers that she was moving about.
“Don’t,” said John pointing at Mycroft.
I said, “You won’t have to worry about either him or her.”
“Sir,” she said to Sherlock, “My husband has sent me to help in any way that I can. He would like to know if there has been any progress in finding our boys.”
“They told me that if I did as I was told, the pain would go away. I pleaded with them whatever they wanted. I pleaded for them to kill me rather than go through my ‘lessons’ again.”
I left them in charge of Moran who was singing about caterpillars turning into butterflies.
“We don’t know WHAT John’s orders are or where he is or…”
‘One?’ he asked
“James, I’m scared.”
Sherlock tensed up again.
He left us in the quiet of the room.
I could see that Mycroft knew that I was not giving him the whole tale.
We were blindfolded again and taken back to our cells of total darkness probably to contemplate our situation.
“What?”
I placed a hand on his hip and said, “Settle.”
“Watson,” came the stern warning from my Master.
“What is going on with you?”
Uncle John nodded.
“Not in Scotland,” said William, “but defiantly skirting close to it by the dialect.”
John woke up still restrained with Sherlock curled up around him. John could feel Sherlock’s slightly hardened dick poking him in the hip. John sighed and wondered if Sherlock was going to let him up at all since yesterday he had almost made it to the front door of the flat.
Greg gave a howl of pain and Sherlock leaned over and worried Greg’s bond mark with his teeth. Greg went limp and whimpered.
Sherlock was to his side first, “Don’t speak yet. They had to intubate you for a while.”
He growled in frustration. He hated the not knowing. He hated waiting.
“Sherlock, get out of your head. I need you here and now,” came the command from his master.
“There are the pieces of me that are not part of the whole still. I am in command but I am afraid that at any minute someone else will take over and all our work will be for naught.”
