you idiot."
Cas very slowly reached out his other hand, loosening the hunter's grip and sliding the blade from his fingers. He took that hand as well, giving it a gentle squeeze. "It wasn't your fault."
"Where?"
"Oh, come now. There are
"You'll get used to it."
"Hey Cas." Sam greeted. His voice was reserved though, something obviously wrong.
"Of course losing control like this just worsens his behavior." Sam muttered. Still. He knew the resulting anger was easier to deal with than the alternative.
"Sam was knocked unconscious when he attempted to banish the angels. I took control. When Malachi ordered torture, I remained."
Cas sighed. "You're still in shock. Sam says it will pass."
Dean crashed into one of the bookshelves, wood splintering and books scattering. The older hunter slid to the ground bonelessly, though Cas honestly couldn't tell if he was unconscious or dead.
Charlie nodded. "Yeah. I think he's right, it's scrambled in a pretty consistent pattern. We should be able to crack it using his old notes as a reference."
"Sam seems to be feeling better."
Dean tried to stretch out a bit, slowly waking his mind enough to try and engage with his surroundings. He thought for a second on that information. “Mmh.” He echoed absently. He took a deep breath. “Where’re we stopping for breakfast? I’m starving.”
"Not quickly enough." the angel muttered.
Castiel only let it continue a moment longer before he pressed two fingers to the hunter's forehead, sending him back into a sleep.
Cas helped guide Dean's head back against the seat, positioning him so he'd be comfortable as they pressed on with their journey.
"I see." Cas stepped forward, putting his hand on the angel's shoulder, the flesh knitting back together. He stepped back, feeling an intense wave of vertigo, but he masked it well. "This wound was not so grievous as your last. Your ability to heal should return to you in the days coming."
"Yeah, it has a way of doing that." He sighed. "You try counting sheep?"
In the morning Dean woke to a fair amount of noise outside the door of the room. He wasn't yet willing to pry his eyes open just yet, finding himself warm and relaxed. The feeling was swiftly receding however, the return to consciousness bringing with it the return of pain. He groaned, hissing with the jolt that even that caused. Finally he focused on the sounds, realizing it was Sam getting ready for the day, sounding a little like a bull in a china shop. He withdrew his arm from what he realized was Cas' chest, trying to tamp down the knee-jerk embarrassment he felt. He moved backwards as gently as he could, trying to avoid causing himself as much discomfort as possible.
The next several hunting trips were no better. Sam and Cas watched in fear as Dean threw himself harder into every case, making choices even more reckless than the first time he fought the mark.
"I do not have a good reason to give you." Gadreel said slowly. "But I
"I know… Naomi was…" Cas looked up and away, his expression intensely pained. "Still, the memory of…" He found himself unable to continue, his mind flashing back, and when he looked down at his hands, he could envision them covered in Dean's blood.
"You haven't eaten properly for weeks." The angel pressed.
Sam gave a weak smile. "Honestly I sort of felt relieved when you guys didn't return that first night." He felt a pang of guilt for the feeling.
"I don't want
Cas was sitting on his bed up against the headboard, arms crossed. He looked up at Dean.
"I… I remember-"
Cas was standing in the library, expression pensive, absolutely still. Well, absolutely still except his wings. Cas straightened up, turning and walking through the map room to the door. Dean followed on instinct, willing to explore this dream again.
"Tsk tsk. Castiel, you know lying is a sin."
"Cas, we can't just not go back to the bunker."
start to control it, like Cain did, we need to try to let him… Here he can't pose a danger to anyone."
"You want to be in a
"Well, guess we'll find out." Sam already had the syringe out and ready to start.
"I'm going to give you a chance here, one chance, tell me where she is and we can do this quick and clean."
"Okay, then we look for a way out." He nodded towards the open door.
Cas realized in that moment that Dean needed this. He needed to be the protector. To shift his focus to Cas for a moment. To give himself a break from sinking under the weight of his own unimaginable burdens. And Cas stopped trying to keep the barrier up. He let the tears fall, wrapping his arms up around the hunter and holding on as if his life depended on it. Dean in turn held tighter, the two clinging to each other in desperate solidarity.
"I meant-"
Dean rolled his eyes. "That was my intent." He didn't want to admit just how scared
"Cas…" Dean winced as he struggled to push himself up into a sitting position against the headboard again. He put his hand flat against his injured ribs, feeling his pulse throb there from the exertion. "There's a cat in here!"
" Dean's voice teetered on the edge between a warning and something dangerously close to panic.
"I don't know."
"Perhaps this unit is full of more personal items than hunting items." Cas suggested.
Dean clenched his fist. "No. It doesn't."
The younger Winchester did his best to look innocent, though he was enjoying this more than he'd ever admit.
"Alright." Cas replied.
"Okay okay." Dean said dismissively putting his hand up to stop the long overly-detailed explanation Cas was giving.
Cas tried to give Dean his space that night. When he finally came into the hunter's room, Dean was reclined on his bed, arms crossed and headphones on. He jumped when Cas had sat on the edge of the bed.
Liam didn't remove his head from his arms, but he did move them to peer through up at Dean, his eyes still wet with tears, and his own breath coming out in hiccuping gasps. He gave a slight nod, keeping his eyes on Dean.
Cas hadn't even left a poker
"You better be." Dean replied, but his voice was still laced with shaky relief. He sighed. "Get some more rest. I'll be back."
Cas shifted, laying flat to give Dean the room to move. He was surprised when Dean chose to pull himself to lay almost completely on top of him, tucking face up under the angel's chin. Cas paused before he wrapped his arms up and around the hunter's back, feeling a strong stir of emotions. He let his eyes close, tilting his head forward to rest against Dean's forehead. This wasn't what he was expecting. This calm intimacy was new to him, new to
The hunter tried shifting slightly, trying to nudge Cas' head away from the center of his chest where it put some pressure on his wound. He groaned, scrunching his eyes but still delaying opening them. "Cas, you gotta shift, man." He mumbled. He raised his hand up to push the angel's head aside if he had to. His hand made contact with and looped into the soft hair, but he paused. Too soft… and then… he moved his hand slightly.
Gadreel looked between Sam and Cas. "I regret having to say it, but Dean isn't wrong. We do not possess another weapon capable of taking on Metatron."
Castiel did not even try to meet his eyes. "We will deal with the fallout. Whatever it may be."
"Cas, good to meet you. I'm Jeff." The voice replied, starting a routine to keep the occupants calm and alert, per his training. "And him?"
Dean looked over Cas who was sitting on the edge of his bed, his broken arm in a sling and his casted leg dangling over the edge. "You okay?"
Crowley sputtered slightly, looking up with barely concealed alarm. He composed himself. "Ah… so… you know about those."
." He looked at Theo and spread his hands.
"He can probably still hear you." Cas warned her, his voice the same volume on the off chance.
"Keep an eye out. We don't know who has it in for you guys then." Sam said softly. He paused again. "Cas… how are you?"
The angel's expression flattened again.
Dean felt a little more of the tension leave his own shoulders knowing Sam was spared the pain of torture. He knew his brother had vague memories of his time in hell, but they were detached and far between after Cas relieved the worst of them. He didn't need new fresh torture to bring him back.
When they stopped to sleep that evening, Dean found himself once more fading into the bunker, watching Cas read yet again. There was something about it. If Dean concentrated he could really feel
"I don't know what to do when we find him." Cas admitted.
Dean's eyes were dull, but he kept forcing himself to look up at Cas, catching his eyes, trying to somehow assure him it would be alright when he himself didn't know.
Dean shut his mouth. He knew Sam was just making that argument to keep the door open to not taking his brother off the board. Then again, he wasn't wrong about the possibility something goes wrong and it's necessary. He grunted and leaned back. "So what does this three steps from Satan mean?"
Sam was surprised by the scene before him. Cas and Dean were both asleep. Dean was on his side, pressed against the angel's chest, an arm across it. Cas' arm was around his brother, nestled behind his back. And they both looked…
"Not that they could have done much." Kevin said softly.
"Yeah, and why the hell should you have believed her? She tortured you in heaven, controlled you for
Numbly, the angel turned back to face where the hunter laid prone. He grabbed the chair at the desk roughly, bringing it to rest beside Dean's bed. He coaxed his shaking muscles to relax as he sank down into the chair to pick up the mantle of a bedside vigil.
When Dean finally looked back, his face was awash in regret. "I know. And I'm sorry. For all of it. For going behind your back, for not telling you, for… for letting you get ripped away with those angels at the airport…"
Sam thought, now more than ever before, he looked like a wild animal caught in a trap. He braced himself, knowing it was likely the anger would be swift to follow. Dean used anger to protect himself. The more vulnerable he was, the angrier he'd get. And Sam was determined not to let it scare him off.
. He withdrew his hand. "He's alive."
Sam sighed. "Great."
"Sam says that isn't likely." Dean said, beaming a smile. He coughed slightly, frowning and rolling his eyes. "Cas, you'll find out soon, that most of the healing is just really boring. I'll walk you through some of the minor stuff, but it should be okay." He threw a sympathetic glance as Cas looked somewhat terrified still but was trying to hide it. "Hey, Sam is just a phone call away, and believe me when I tell you he'll be checking in constantly. And besides, it's only for two weeks. He'll be back and we'll drive home together then."
" 's okay." Dean tried to assure him, replacing one arm over his abdomen, the other squeezing the angel's arm. "Help… help me up…"
Dean concentrated on what he was doing for a while before finally asking, "How's Rudy?"
She began neatening up the mess of papers in front of her. "Like the gods who used to be almost all powerful but now are sort of depleted."
The group had gotten split up pretty quickly. When Sam and Cas finally rounded the corner on Dean, the older hunter was practically on top of the demon. He whipped his head up to look at them before pulling the demon knife back and neatly putting it up through the demon's lower jaw and into his skull.
"Dean
Sam rounded the corner first, skidding to a stop when he found the chair that once held Dean empty.
He sighed, looking over at the clock in the corner. "
“Movie?” Dean said at last, trying to give one last attempt to hold onto some sort of normalcy.
"That mark means nothing good, Dean."
"I think I might have found something."
"I'm afraid I won't be of much use anymore."
The demon smiled. "So just where am I popping to first?"
"And now?"
"Bobby had all sorts of things we didn't know about." Sam said. "We didn't think we knew about all his units."
"You better-" Dean cut off as the line cut out as Metatron hung up. A second later the phone hit the wall with force and shattered, causing Sam to jump. "
"And if I heal you?" Cas asked.
Sam looked at the sutures, feeling a little overwhelmed at the scale of the wounds, just how long the incisions were. The stitches were torn in a couple places, bleeding sluggishly from the seams, and in one place he could see a glint of metal from the plates that were presumably screwed directly into the rib itself.
Sam stood as well. "Yeah." They watched Dean leave before Sam whipped around on him. "Do you think this is a good idea?"
"Dean-"
Unbeknownst to the hunter pulling away in the car, a set of cold and careful eyes watched from afar.
“So.” Dean started, putting his fork down. “Do you have any plans, or is this sort of just a take it as we go sort of thing?”
Dean glared at Sam as he turned and offered a hand to him. "We never talk about this again. Ever." He allowed himself to be pulled from the wheelchair, sliding onto the stretcher and leaning back against Cas' padded chest. He tried to ignore the room spinning as he settled his weight.
"I didn't even think for a second this could be a wendigo." He hissed, his expression falling completely. "It was absurd to find one in Colorado, there was
The few cameras that had been recovered so clearly showed his brother ripping through one after another. Blinking forward with the speed and efficiency that only a demon could achieve. They showed police unleashing everything they had, watching it roll off the demon, before he came for them too. Almost every place he didn't clear out of bodies was set ablaze as the knight of hell continued his blood thirsty warpath from the bay to the sea.
He turned the corner, walking down the two steps before acknowledging the room's inhabitants. Kevin sat at the table, a book open in front of him. Sam meanwhile was cooking what appeared to be egg whites or some sort of other Dean-proclaimed 'hippy food'. The older Winchester took the direct path to the fridge, opening it up and pulling out a bottle of beer, taking it with him to go plop down across from the prophet. He tried to ignore Sam's bitch face, not sure if it had more to do with everything that had happened, or his choice of breakfast beverage.
Crowley looked entirely unamused. "You're joking, right? That fancy little design on your arm isn't just for show. Your body is strong enough to handle it now, sure, but it still expects blood. Think of this like a steam valve. You relieve the pressure, all is good. You don't, and for all I know you level half a city."
The rest of the supplies, Sam brought all the way in, walking them to the bedroom. Cas followed. The younger hunter dumped them on the bed for now. "Hey Cas." He finally greeted. He pulled the angel into a quick half hug before stepping back, taking a seat in the one chair in the corner.
"Ruby was manipulating him."
"Dean-"
"What Dean? What do you want me to say? You lied to me.
It took a while, but they built. Time was, a bottle of hunter's helper before bed could buy him most of a night's rest, but even that stopped working, and upping the intake was unsustainable in the long run. So he had muddled through. His drinking habit could buy him a few hours at least, and then he'd just white knuckle it until morning.
Every few seconds the hunter would look up at the door, almost as if considering running.
"As I understand it, it is something of a rite of passage as a mortal."
"How'd Sam even get brought with? That thing doesn't work on humans."
"This is gonna suck." Sam apologized, propping a pillow against Cas' chest to try to create some separation between his fractured ribs and the older hunter. After a moment's thought he grabbed the blanket from the bed, using it to pad his firmly wrapped leg.
"I mean at all." Dean pressed on. "I should stay far, far away."
of them. He pulled Dean just a little closer.
"Yeah, and what? You two are just going to take on Metatron yourselves? Oh that's smart. Except Sam is fucking mess, and you barely have enough juice in you to keep you standing. I'm the one guy who has a shot at killing that son of a bitch."
Charlie sucked in a breath. "Oh."
Sam took a deep measured breath. "Yeah. I know. On some level, I know It's just-"
It was another hour of quiet conversation about various methods of curse removal before Cas noticed the soft sound coming from across the room. He looked up, surprised to find the hunter with his head leaned back against the chair, eyes closed, seemingly asleep.
." Dean had said to Cas, trying to sound casual about it.
"Any drug or alcohol use tonight?"
The next time Castiel woke, it was from a nightmare. He found himself drenched in sweat, a sensation that was entirely new to him. He had not felt well before he tried to 'nap' and was feeling far worse now. Even atop his bedding, he was far too warm, and the t-shirt and light sweatpants felt as confining as a full winter outfit should be.
Dean was surprised to find himself waking up, not having ever noticed falling asleep. He blinked a few times, the brightness far more intense now that the sun was up. Dean shifted as much as his body would allow, trying to stretch out his stiff muscles a little.
Dean crumpled the now empty wrapper and threw it behind them, not caring where it landed. He re-positioned himself so his back could rest against the door, and one foot came back up to sit flat on the bench seat between them. He grabbed the bottle of water into his hands, but didn't make any moves to open it.
"What do you even feed a cat?"
"You were dead for sixteen hours and twenty two minutes."
"'m fine." Dean mumbled. His arms drooped, the shotgun falling to rest in his lap. His head rolled back, leaning onto the pillow atop Cas' chest.
"Sam, I-" Cas quieted down, his posture straightening up as if he were hearing a far off sound. "Dean is reaching out."
"Alright, and then what?" Dean looked back to the group.
talk it was to discuss the songs being played. Sometimes facts about bands or concerts. Sometimes just stories that the songs reminded him of. Cas smiled and listened to each tale, just grateful to hear Dean speaking about something good.
Sam pushed up from his chair. "Well, cutting off the head and putting a silver bullet in it's heart seemed to do the trick." He stretched out his shoulders. "I'm going to go catalogue it while the details are fresh."
"Were they
The hunter whipped about to face Cas directly, throwing a punch in self defense as he struggled to make sense of his surroundings. The angel caught his fist, holding Dean's hand in his, trying to ease the hunter's fears. "Dean… Dean it's me… calm down."
Dean brought his hand out from behind him and offered the object to the former servant of heaven.
"It is my home no longer." Cas absently stroked his fingers through Paka's still-short fur. "I belong here."
Castiel nodded, slipping one arm under Dean's, hefting the hunter up and close to him. Dean groaned in agony, beads of sweat lining his forehead as the pain of being moved coursed through him. Cas tried to ignore how little of his own weight Dean could hold, how his feet dragged with every step, how the blood made his grip so slick he had to readjust twice just to reach the stairs.
"I was somewhere else." Dean followed.
"Dean-"
"I know you are no stranger to terrible torment in dreams, what helps you sleep?"
bad."
To see Dean even upright and talking was a miracle in itself. Still. Cas could see Dean was barely holding his head above water as the waves threatened to overtake him. Some moments he seemed alright, but just seconds later his thoughts would wander, and then the pain would creep into his expression. He was doing well to hide it, but not well enough to fool Cas.
"Dean… just talk to me."
The demonic hunter walked casually forward, his figure coming into the broken glare of the street light. "Don't get up on my accord."
"What Dean? What do you want me to say? You lied to me.
"They took us in an Ambulance to a hospital in Chautauqua, then a helicopter to Rochester for a trauma center." Cas recited.
The newly imprisoned angel turned sideways to make eye contact with him. "Castiel… should have figured I'd find you here with this stain."
"I'm fine." the hunter dismissed.
Dean pulled his gaze up from the ground, his eyes pure demonic black, and his expression entirely vacant. "Cas…" He mumbled softly.
"You never thought about it? I had what, maybe another couple years, life I led? A decade if I played my cards
Gadreel sighed grimly. "Metatron found me."
"They deliver out here, right?"
Cas let his hand fall back to his side. "I do not understand. Do you wish me to take the memory or not?"
Dean didn't so much as twitch for several minutes, internally waging a mental war with himself before coming to a conclusion. Finally he stepped forward. He reached up, opening the cuffs and letting Cas ease himself back down onto his feet. It was another moment's hesitation before he finally opened the small glowing vial, letting the grace fly back to its original owner.
"Good."
"That's the mark talking, not you."
"It was… a plan." Dean tried, knowing how incredibly stacked the odds had been when he made the plan. "It was a better plan than Cas' suicidal just-give-them-me plan." He gave a half shrug and a weak grin at his brother's flat glare. "Anyway, it went about as well as you'd expect."
Dean raised his hands. "Never mind."
"Yeah. Said the first blade was his, not the archangels. Cain gave him the mark to, I guess, use it or something. Why, what is that thing?"
Dean instead dragged Cas into one of the shower stalls, holding his limp body half upright as he struggled to reach up and switch on the water. Not cold, but cool. He readjusted his grip, pulling Cas the rest of the way inside, and then gently settled him down. He let himself sit against the back wall of the shower, pulling Cas up to his chest in front of him, making sure his head stayed in a position where he wouldn't drown like a turkey in the rain.
The unit wasn't too large, and once Dean felt fairly confident they had cleared it without finding any potential traps, he relaxed slightly.
Finally Sam relented, and unpacked the things from his supply run, helping Cas set up the air mattress in the living room, knowing that both of them would probably fight to let the other have the bed. He didn't know who would win that fight, but whoever it was, at least the other would have a somewhat decent option to fall back on. He moved a fair amount of furniture to the far end of the room, kitchen chairs and such. Things that would only clog up the space in which the two would be rolling around.
"Good." Dean replied, slightly too quickly. They lapsed into silence for a few minutes, and Dean felt completely out of his element. "Yeah, not just this, I mean, how are you… holding up?"
." He felt a sinking feeling thinking on it. He had heard of successful black dog rescues, but they were somewhat rare. Cases with a missing kid were particularly hard hitting, and he hated to think of the likelihood all he would be able to bring back to his mother was a body.
Cas walked forward, clamping a hand on Dean's shoulder, pulling him towards the corner. Dean tried to break the grip but the angel's eyes glowed blue and he practically dragged the hunter across the wooden floor. He spun Dean around and shoved him backwards into the trap, watching him trip slightly and fall back against the wall the trap pushed up against with a thud.
"And?"
Dean didn't let himself think again until he was across the table from Cas, and they both had a mug of coffee in their hands. "I don't even remember falling asleep." He admitted, feeling a little less defensive about it with time passed.
And it wasn't like they hadn't been close to each other at the cabin. But it was different at the cabin, wasn't it? They were injured, on pain meds. Cas had been human, had been
"Dean… you…" Cas trailed off, already running towards the ridge.
Cas looked to the younger Winchester. "He just-?"
"Dean-"
One problem at a time. It was freezing. The engine didn't seem to be on anymore, even if the battery was still supplying power to the lights. The heat wasn't blowing, and Cas fiddling with the key in the ignition did nothing. The first danger to both their lives was simply freezing to death.
"Sam, Cas-"
"Could be more than one." Cas suggested.
. Dean thought bitterly, his heart sinking as he prepared to face however this dream would go wrong.
"Something wrong?"
"It'll work." Cas said firmly, though he wasn't sure he believed it. "Besides, it can't kill me. And the angel blade at least hurt it. I can distract it."
"Dean-"
Cas looked up, thoughtfully. "Do you trust me?"
"Dean…"
Dean froze, considering his words. He felt a strong pang of guilt, but he forced himself to drop it and not think at all for the moment.
Charlie nodded. "Well, Kevin and I have mostly gotten that tablet back in a readable order." She sighed. "So hopefully we find something else."
"Oh just get on with it."
"The car… Cas-"
Despite a similar sentiment just last night, Dean was still a little surprised to hear it put so bluntly. He pulled back, straightening up off of Cas' shoulder. He looked over Cas' face, and took in the somewhat pained expression. "Couldn't you… I mean, you took Theo's grace and Metatron took yours. Couldn't you remove it? Choose to be human?"
"I'm not…" Sam sighed, feeling suddenly exhausted as the last spark of rage died out. "Yeah, I'm still pissed. But… don't leave or… do something stupid. I…" He closed his eyes, bringing his hand up to pinch the bridge of his nose. "I know why you did it." He got it. On some level, he really did. "Just… leave me alone for a while. Let me sort through this shit."
He had spent months agonizing over this decision. He still wasn't sure it was the right one, he just knew it was what he wanted. When Cas finally pulled up to the old farm he had eyed as a nice out of the way place to work, he found himself simply sitting and staring at it, the uncertainty flickering up again for one last round of what-if.
"Malachi is willing to do an even trade, fair and square. Your brother, angel intact. You give us this traitor." He locked eyes with Castiel.
Sam decided to forgo checking Dean's vitals, instead slipping backwards from the room, his mind turning over what he just saw. Morphine and Vicodin must've done a number on them, Sam didn't think Dean would let himself be caught dead in that position. Right now Sam just hoped Dean wouldn't re-break Cas' healing nose when they woke.
"Yeah. If only." Sam shook his head. "We'll be ready in twenty. Cas good enough at driving to get him there? I think Gadreel came in on a bus. I know Cas has only been behind the wheel like, what, twice?"
"I didn't want you to do this alone."
"It seemed to originate from inside the vehicle." Cas offered, eager to ease tension as he noticed the hostility grow in Dean's voice with his frustration. "Dean hesitated when we entered the vehicle at Duffs, but ultimately nothing was amiss."
Sam nodded, feeling like it wasn't quite as easy as Cas had made it sound, but not sure he was ready to hear the details of whatever fight he imagined that took. "He was with Crowley the whole time before that. Crowley called as soon as he bailed. Said he was a powder keg and I needed to find him. He saw it coming." He had been surprised when Crowley had reached out. "I think even
"Yeah. Bobby made sure of it. Every safe-house can get deliveries. It's sort of important since hunters usually hole up mostly when they're injured."
The case Dean had found had them pulling into the town of Payson, Arizona a little more than six hours later. The group of teens to go missing represented the second group to disappear from the same area in two weeks. The police had written off the first couple as likely to have skipped town, no signs of struggle. This time three were missing but one was left, mangled and gnawed on outside an old warehouse at the edge of town.
"When were you going to tell me your grace had gotten so bad?"
The prophet sighed. "Not yet, but maybe something else."
During the day Dean tried to keep his focus on the case they were on, but despite his best efforts he kept slipping.
"He on any medications?"
"Well luckily I packed provisions." Dean reached into his canvas bag, pulling out a package of peanut butter cups. He opened the package, handing one to the eager six year old who was just a little bit excited about the prospect of candy for breakfast, even in light of their current situation.
Cas swallowed. "This isn't you."
Dean scoffed. "Cas will drive, we'll sleep on the way."
"What about you, are you okay?"
"And what does that mean?"
"Fine jeez. Try to do something
“Mmh.” Cas confirmed.
Cas resumed his attempt at stemming the blood. "I believe you are correct."
She spared a glance up at Dean across the cabin. "Yeah." She said, a little too quickly. She headed back towards the bedroom, gathering her things.
"Did… Did I kill Kevin?" Dean asked suddenly.
"Below the knee obviously. Was it higher up, centered, lower?"
"Not unless you have someone who can break complex biblical codes. This stuff is all jumbled up."
Castiel was surprised when the hunter seemed to give up, losing the tension and just leaning back against his chest. He felt a stir of emotions under the carefully cultivated indifference, and he fought the urge to hold Dean closer. This still wasn't Dean. It was just a shadow of the former hunter. One they were going to cure soon.
… if he hadn't been so weak, none of it would have happened." He tightened his grip on Gadreel's throat, pulling him forward and smashing his head back against the wall again. "You ruined the universe you damn son of a bitch!"
Their trip so far had been fairly uninterrupted. Save for a few brief stops, they had simply kept moving. Without interruptions, they were making excellent time, though towards what, he didn't know. Cas was a little surprised Dean never demanded to take the wheel back, but also more than a little thankful. He didn't really think Dean should be driving at the moment.
"About what?"
"Well no, you can't do that." Dean was in disbelief for a second, as shock didn't allow him to fully process the threat. "Sam's not well enough, if you leave his body-"
"And the Demons?"
Dean spoke, his mouth still full of lo mein. "I got you a room at a motel."
"You need rest. And with an infection this bad, I'm not leaving you unsupervised. That fever comes back, it could kill you."
"Dean?"
Sam had heard the plate break and got there just in time to see Dean deck Cas. He walked over to the angel. "Are you okay?" he asked gently.
Cas had been pleased that music seemed the key to Dean's voice. When he
Dean paused for a moment, considering. "You're dying aren't you?"
"That's not what I said."
"She said he was… it was just a probe… that he was… that it was okay. He was breathing and…" He let himself trail off, not really sure what information was worth relaying. He could hear the near panic in Sam's breathing over the phone. He remembered vaguely Dean talking about a car crash from before they met,one he nearly died in, and he could only guess Sam's mind was back there.
"You need sleep now." It was a simple statement, a quiet observation, dawning on Dean the same instant he said it.
"I see Sam has not returned yet." Dean tested. "It still isn't too late to let me go."
Dean pulled himself back to his feet. "They're not really known for running in packs."
Dean relaxed for now, letting himself just enjoy good food and decent company.
Dean paused, frowning again. "You sure you're okay?"
"I already texted Sam to feed Paka. It will be fine."
"We're almost there."
A small grin on his lips, he looked sideways to try to gain a little insight into the angel's mind, but he didn't get the chance. The fist hit him hard and fast, and he was out in an instant.
"Never." Cas replied with no hesitation.
"No just… feel things." He finished lamely. "I don't know how to describe it."
"Kevin, I need you to put this phone in front of Crowley, and I need you to carry out whatever I'm going to say, you hear me?"
"Not when it's three o'clock."
"Yes?"
"I'm sorry." Cas offered, empathizing with Sam.
Dean rounded a corner, freezing for a moment before his posture deflated. Cas peered past him to the body laid across the ground, clearly recently deceased. "Well, Uncle Bill didn't make it." He muttered softly to Cas. He looked around, noticing a pile of remains that looked like they dated back across years. The freshest ones still were painted with gore, but the flesh had been stripped clean from the bone. "I'm guessing that's the rest of them." He stated, pulling up his gun, moving quickly past the idea of a rescue mission and turning towards the task of hunting down the dog.
the only thing holding him up. "Dean-"
Castiel followed Dean to the car, tossing him the keys before climbing in the passenger door. He watched the hunter carefully, trying to gauge if Dean was actually fit to drive at the moment. He had some doubts, but for the moment at least, he seemed to have it under control.
"Yeah." Dean replied weakly. He cleared his throat. "When Crowley said you were going to die soon, it hurt. As much as I wanted to ignore it… to ignore you, I couldn't let you die."
"Sam, you gotta turn on the news. Shopping mall in Kansas city."
Sam processed this. "Asleep asleep?"
"Dean-"
"Now what?"
Still, otherwise he felt no difference. As soon as Castiel had slipped from the room to call and update his brother, Dean had taken it upon himself to break his own arm in a sort of crude experiment. It had healed just moments after, so he knew his demonic healing at least remained intact.
Dean paused just long enough to glare at the prophet. "Yeah. Sam was dying, and I let an angel possess him."
Crowley studied him, trying to get a read on what he was thinking. "Problem with that?"
"Don't be a martyr. She's already dead. It's not worth dying over now." Dean grasped Cas' head, holding it firmly in place as he opened the jar. The grace flowed out of the jar and into Cas, as if it was attracted to the small shreds of grace already still inside him. Dean dumped Cas on the ground, turning and walking away casually, protecting his eyes from the burning light as the grace coursed through Castiel's body, staving off his slow demise. He threw the glass vial and it shattered somewhere off in the distance.
"Yeah… Let's not make a habit of that." Dean muttered.
Liam didn't move, watching him with wide eyes.
"Do you wish you weren't?" He asked directly. Dean couldn't see his face from where he was, but he saw Cas' hands tense at the question.
Cas hesitated, but he settled tentatively back in place.
The older hunter wasn't terribly surprised to find Castiel already in the garage, leaning against the ford the brothers would be taking. He could see past him to the junker Cas would be taking and Gadreel was simply sitting there. "Hello Dean."
"After I left, I thought I could cut ties. Just move on, maybe help Crowley rule over hell. Maybe just do my own thing, but it felt freeing. Not caring."
Gadreel spoke. "He must know how to use the tablet to his advantage."
Cas nodded slowly. "And we cannot return with him." He said slowly.
Dean watched Cas' entire facade deflate the second Sam left the room. He was impressed by just how much Cas was keeping it together entirely for Sam's sanity. He reached up, finding the former angel's hand again and giving it a reassuring squeeze.
A dark look crossed Dean's face.
"Yeah, something wrong?"
The angel allowed his hand to drop, standing awkwardly and watching the hunter ignore his food and go back to writing. "You are uncomfortable." He said simply.
"How do you kill a black dog?"
a deal."
Cas slid forward, kicking off his shoes. He considered for a moment before choosing to lay on his side in the middle of the bed.
danger.
." He demanded, finally getting Dean to look up and meet his eyes. The hunter's expression was completely neutral. "This is what's up. Cain is off the rails, dropping bodies with no sign of stopping."
They listened to the crashing sounds of the brush behind them as they sprinted. Dean swallowed as he saw the car just glinting in the distance and he knew their reprieve was over. He just hoped the torch would keep any bit of distance between the creature and the kid in his arms.
"We're home." It took a second to realize the car was parked in the bunker's garage.
Cas considered this for a moment. "I guess that means that I am capable."
"It's understandable."
"So now what?" Kevin's voice from the archway surprised everyone as nobody had seen the prophet stand to join them.
"How much did you see?"
"I don't know anymore, man. He's back… that… I mean that's great. But… But what he did-"
"Hard to remember when it's Dean who is saying it?" Cas frowned. "I know."
"Did you test it for rabies?" Dean cast a sideways glare at the cat. "Or fleas?"
Sam winced. "He's been-?"
The pair arrived at Pinehurst just before noon the next day.
"Thanks."
Cas put his hand flat against Dean's stomach again, ignoring the cry of pain, trying one last time to push any last drop of his grace into it, but he could feel it did nothing to the wound, and merely made his own head spin. "I'm sorry."
"Didn't find your accommodations up to your standards?" Dean dodged a spoon, letting it clatter behind him. "Very mature." He walked in, putting his hand on Cas' shoulder for a moment before moving past him and pulling out some pans to make breakfast.
Cas felt himself lose his own battle with tears. "You don't have to say anything else." He tried to encourage Dean to stop pushing himself to talk.
"I did what I had to do." Cas said softly. He laid his hand on Dean's head again, another surge of healing.
Also. 521 N, Main St. Tonopah, Nevada. Address of one world famous clown motel.
The hunter sucked in a breath, letting out a short forced laugh. "Never mind. Sorry Cas… god I hate drugs. Don't have my head on straight." He cleared his throat again. "Dreams have me spinning a bit, that's all."
Finally the prophet stepped forward towards the older hunter. Dean tilted his head, his face twisting into one of pain and guilt. "Kevin-"
He felt the angel turn him, pushing him back with such force it cracked the drywall. He allowed the angel to pin him for just a moment before he threw Cas sideways into the window pane, coming up on him again, pressing his mouth into the side of Cas' neck, running his tongue up to flick over the sharp edge of the angel's jaw.
"Does it taste good?"
Dean wrapped his arms around the kid, feeling an intense wave of relief wash over him. Even if they couldn't save everyone, Liam was here, and he was okay. "You're safe." He affirmed softly.
Dean's hand was gripped tightly around the tan overcoat, and he let it ground him in the moment. He took a deep shaky breath, trying to let Cas' words sink in, trying to believe them. He let his hand drop, feeling exhausted, both physically and emotionally.
"But you are the one who may stop breathing…"
to die of a blood clot."
"Good. Not feeling much like sitting around waiting for this to heal on its own."
Crowley looked entirely unamused. "You're joking, right? That fancy little design on your arm isn't just for show. Your body is strong enough to handle it now, sure, but it still expects blood. Think of this like a steam valve. You relieve the pressure, all is good. You don't, and for all I know you level half a city."
The hunter looked around them making a rushed plan. He brushed his arm against Cas', getting his attention. He pushed Liam up from his shoulder. "Cas has got you." He apologized as he re-positioned the kid into the angel's waiting arm.
Sam hesitated, swaying slightly. "I will talk to you before doing anything." He finally relented. He walked out of Dean's room.
"Then how-"
"Yeah, for Cas." Sam said with a small laugh, coming in and dragging a chair between the beds, oblivious to the serious conversation that had just been going on.
He tried Dean's room first, opening the door without knocking, but he found it empty. He frowned, trying to force his brain to think of where Dean might be. It was as if his thoughts had to claw through a thick pool to surface, and he twice forgot what he was trying to work out before he just managed to push his body into moving towards the library, hoping he could figure it out from there.
On the surface, the angel was almost entirely still. But the fidgeting that wasn't shown was reflected through the wings behind him. He could feel every twitch and shift in the limbs, a strange sensation running down their length at the movement.
Sam rolled his eyes, but didn't comment to him further. He made eye contact with Cas, and gave him a small smile, trying to convey he was glad they were alright.
"No demon has any idea where the bunker is." Sam said firmly.
Dean snorted a short unexpected laugh, a little of the tension easing from his shoulders.
"I was thinking a nice glazed steak. Some roasted potatoes maybe." He gave a half grin. "Caramelized onions if we're feeling daring."
Liam's eyes widened as he stared at the hunter in awe.
He shoved the alcohol and hot tea over to Cas. "Rum first, tea second."
Malachi stepped away, walking over to a tray of interesting looking medical devices and torture implements. Dean tried to step to the side, too exposed for the sudden closer proximity, but he cursed silently in his head as the crutch caught the edge of the shelf.
"Some demon just tore through a mall, must've killed thirty people. After the footage from Eastham, it got a lot of press."
Dean then spent over an hour simply watching Cas.
Dean looked up at them, his expression only slightly hostile. "Please. I'm
"And? You can change that sigil so it doesn't nab the one with their hand on the blood..." He stopped, reading the hunter's face. "Unless of course our dear Moose didn't
"Yeah, well I didn't expect a bottom feeding flunky to have such brazen idiocy, so I guess we're all surprised today." Dean felt a mounting anger, starting in the mark and spreading through his body like fire. He breathed through it, remembering his training in hell. Letting a victim under your skin was counterproductive.
Cas scooped up a couple things of cat toys near him, putting them carefully into a bag. Sam would be spending the night, and they would leave in the morning. He wanted to be more or less ready to go. He looked up as the hunter's phone began to ring.
"You can't mean that." Cas insisted. When Dean just shrugged he stood, his posture more angered now than concerned. "And you? You're willing to be the sacrifice in this war?"
"My point exactly. In times previously not only would I have healed by now, but I would be able to fuse your bones back together as well." He sighed. "I just feel so incredibly… human."
"When has there ever not been a price on one of our heads?" Dean said seriously. "It doesn't change anything. I wouldn't say we got out of it unscathed, but we're both alive. Whatever it was they were trying to do didn't work. So don't you get any ideas about leaving."
Dean looked confused, but he nodded, eager to get this unwieldy mask off his face. He slipped it off immediately, getting a scolding glare from his brother while he struggled to quickly switch it over to a nasal cannula and secure that in place on Dean's face. "Cas?" He finally asked, clearing his throat.
Gabriel smugly walked towards his employees, eyeing the diner and smirking at the cleanliness shimmering everywhere.
the Omega shook his head and cleaned himself up. Once Castiel was positive that he wouldn’t be crying anymore, the Omega took the pile of tissues soaked in his tears and threw them away in a small waste bin.
“I don’t care for the scent of an unclaimed Omega. I don’t give a shit that there are tons of Omegas here in town, I don’t want to scent any of them. You’re the only one I want to scent, just
made Dean see red.
The Omega cleared his throat, a feeble whisper tumbling from his quivering lips, an equivalent sound to that of a delightful afternoon breeze. “Mr Winchesters?”
Sam looked down at the fallen chair and called after Dean. “Dude, what the fuck? Where the hell are you going?”
The Omega gave another head tilt but this time with a mischievous glint in his eyes, “Excuse me, thanks these slutty legs and big ass, customers keep coming back.”
Dean gave his younger brother a deadly stare, a raging yet mischievous sparkle in his green eyes. “Challenging me, Sammy?”
Perhaps the Alpha was created between heaven and hell but personally, Castiel couldn’t care less.
of hearing an Omega begging Dean to fuck them.
fuckable piece of ass.
the Omega tilted his head to the side and the Alpha was done,
the Alpha heard it, he heard the worrisome sound escaping the Omega’s lips. Wasn’t that so damn sweet? Castiel worried about Dean, he worried about him! And it didn’t slip the Alpha’s mind that the Omega was about to come forward, offering Dean an invitation to touch Castiel. It was a slight movement, easily missed, the evident hesitation of moving forward and touching Dean.
The Alpha’s eyes were equivalent to cursed objects locked away in sealed boxes decorated with sigils meant to scream
Then, as if by some damn miracle, Lucifer stopped thrusting into the Omega and to Dean’s disgust, he watched the way the Alpha emptied his himself inside the Omega. The Omega was trembling, he remained still against the window and to Dean’s relief, Lucifer slipped out of the Omega. Lucifer grabbed the back of the Omega’s head, baring the Omega’s neck while slipping the collar off and violently biting through the Omega’s scent gland.
This was Dean’s chance, the nerve wrecking impulse of checking on the Omega and making sure that he was okay after last night was finally being given to him.
Sam got up from his desk and sat next to Rowena, both Winchesters sitting on either side of her while she opened her laptop. “Do you boys know who the Novak family is?”
The Omega’s body was practically whining at Castiel to fall onto his knees, to be the whore that every Omega was, and let the Winchesters use him however they desired but a small nagging voice echoed throughout his skull, demanding control which pushed Castiel to ask in a slightly confused tone, “I’m sorry, wh —“
Don’t get Dean started on the guy’s lips, how can a pair of lips be so erotic? Dean’s eyes travelled over Castiel’s mouth; his lips were slightly chapped — hell, Dean wouldn’t mind moistening them with his tongue every day — they were tinted in a light pink bordering onto a faint red color, they were full — especially the guy’s lower lip — and so goddamn
he didn’t notice this until now.
Upon hearing Castiel’s perfect voice, the baby opened his eyes and smiled cheerfully at the prospect of having a gorgeous mother. Dean could tell that the baby was entranced by the Omega, the Alpha boy smirked as he cooed at his baby brother. After a few minutes of the Alpha baby staring at his mommy like he was the night sky filled with flickering stars, the baby paid attention to the boy next to his mother.
Gabriel never did like when the Omega closed by himself but Castiel always assured the Alpha that he was a big boy who could take care of himself. After getting the Omega’s assurance for the sixth time, Gabriel hugged his younger brother and bid him goodnight. Once the Omega was done, Castiel went to retrieve his small black backpack from the locker rooms and went towards the front doors.
Immediately, Castiel flinched, pulling away from the Alpha’s touch and whining softly, taking deep breaths as he felt the liquid burning through his injured cut.
. But if this was his mate, the Alpha would proceed with caution.
Dean embraced his mother; the Alpha desperately peppered Castiel’s cheeks, nose, and forehead with wet kisses but the temptation to consume his mother’s provocative lips was impossible to ignore. “
The Omega was beyond beautiful, words could never express the Omega’s euphoric beauty. It was like being in the presence of an angel, a holy relic that deserved more than the bare existence of this crappy universe.
The bartender was pouring a drink for a small figure, a submissive figure. Dean froze at the sight; the Alpha closed his eyes and took a deep breath in the direction of the person with the beige colored trench coat. Dean snarled salaciously, the divine creature sitting there was responsible for the Alpha’s undoing.
Sam and Dean looked at each other, both of their eyes wide and truly not giving a shit about who this family was. “No.”
stupid, Castiel shouldn’t be pouring his broken heart out for someone like Dean Winchester, the ultimate asshole.
Yet with a flicker of Sam’s eyes, the Omega no longer met the Alpha’s golden iris’ but instead, he was met with light green patches of grass glimmering in the morning dew. Castiel could swear that he could see the droplets of water shimmering at the corners of Sam’s irises.
The Omega smiled and took all their menus. “I’ll be back with your orders soon.”
home.
Castiel was suffocating, his lungs were burning as the leather collar kept scratching into his skin as if it were an animal clawing its way out of a trap.
This time, the Alpha didn’t hold back, he fucked into the Omega with the savagery of a predator.
with a ridiculous amount of plumpness he may add
It wasn’t getting any better with the scent of sulfur hanging in the air, imprinting itself through Dean’s nostrils, forcing him to
Dean would make damn sure of it.
Every Alpha nodded.
Fear smelled so good on Castiel.
The Omega turned to face Dean, sitting up straighter this time. “Why do you say that?”
Dean couldn’t help but mention. “Uncle Gabe, do you have any idea how cool it was to see you beating the shit out of that asshole?”
Sammy pushed away Dean’s hand, coming face to face with his older brother. “And you think that’s the way to Castiel’s heart? Being a misogynistic asshole who dictates his every move?”
“Well, we settled on me picking up Castiel from his house at 10 am. Why do you ask?”
“There better not be.”
“And what’s not fair about giving Omegas a job that’s gonna be easy peasy for them. Push a button and you’re good. No education required. And plus, if we got hottie Omegas running the elevators, best believe I’m gonna bang all of them.”
Returning to their prior stance, standing before one another, Dean couldn’t help but notice how much smaller the Omega was in height and well, in everything. It stroked the Alpha’s ego to know that he was taller than Castiel by a few inches, and it was totally impossible to not imagine how cute they’d be as a couple.
introduce himself to the Omega next door and start the journey of making the Omega fall madly in love with him.
Castiel blushed furiously, pulling his wrist away from Dean and looking down at his drink. “Can I ask you something, Dean?”
Either way, Dean was going to make it his solemn duty to get inside this guy’s pants. After an embarrassingly long time, Castiel and Dean were still staring at each other and
This was silly, the Alpha was being stupid, he wasn’t going to let his Alpha instincts overpower him. Dean could definitely survive the next couple of minutes where the scent of another Alpha was invading his home and the compulsion of cursing out the Omega and hurting him, wasn’t going to be problem at all.
Was Castiel an embodiment of the ocean? Could that even be possible? Well, even if it was, Dean was already falling into a world filled with various hues of blue, shit, blue was now Dean’s favorite color. And the guy’s hair,
Rowena rolled her eyes, deciding to go with plan B. “The Novak family has offered to pay each of you $28,000. Plus, you’ll be staying with them for a week so in total they’ll pay $392,000 just to have you both.”
this gorgeous creature from heaven and no way in hell, was Dean going to let Sam win this Omega’s heart. Dean growled predatorily at Sam, making the younger Alpha jump a bit.
Castiel tightly hugged Garth, cupping Garth’s face and kissing the Omega’s cheeks. “You’re not gonna believe what just happened.”
it was barely 8 fucking am. What the hell was wrong with him?
Then, as if Dean were being run over by a car, there was a harsher blow to his body, the amount of pain he was in before, was nothing compared to the pain consuming him right now.
did. Of course, Castiel was mature enough to understand that nothing could have even
You are so lazy!”
build up inside him, avoiding the pitch of arousal that stained his voice if he spoke without control. “Yeah.”
The Omega boy raised the palm of his hand and in a warm, honey rich voice, he said, “Hello.”
the Alpha detected the aroma of blackberries submerged in rose water. The color of the water changing from light pink to a deep magenta, like the way the galaxies in space shine underneath the lens of their own vanity. It was making Dean salivate like a rabid animal, the insanely sweet fragrance of the ripening fruits belonging to the innocent.
Rufus hummed, giving John a look before taking a sip of his coffee. “I think Castiel likes you.”
Only after a few blinding seconds did the Alpha realize that the thorns born from the guilt of letting the Omega be raped and the lack of intervening when Dean could’ve, was not only piercing through his skin, but digging deeper inside him, surpassing the pain of bleeding flesh and leaving behind a scarred reminder of his failure.
Dean flirtatiously fastened his hands around the Omega’s waist, pulling Castiel forward and making sure that the Omega felt the length and thickness of his monstrous cock. “So, what’s it to be, baby cakes? Are you gonna leave us wanting or are you gonna make us work for it?”
Castiel could smell the tingling fragrance of water dampening the foundations of pure and unadulterated dirt, the way the water slithered past the mountains and pooled itself over the soft muddy soil. It was musky, masculine, powerful, and oddly it felt like
Dean hated how the Omega blushed for Rufus, but without any resentment in his voice, the Alpha reached for Castiel’s forearm, pulling him forward. “Okay, Casanova. Shut up and let me lead our guest of honor to the back.”
he was a dumbass. What kind of idiot went around ringing people’s doorbells at the ass crack of the morning?
Pure silence.
if he had no self respect, he’d immediately go down to his knees and take Castiel’s shaft into his mouth. But no.
Gabriel gave Castiel a stern look and snarled at him, “
The Alpha excitedly got up from his chair and hugged the Omega, lifting Castiel off the floor. “
Rufus snorted. “Please, all I see is a beautiful flower. Blossoming, of course.”
The Alpha couldn’t help the obvious palpitating pink hearts bursting through his eyes, Castiel was a wonder and
“I’m not judging or reprimanding you; I’m just saying its really sweet of you to do.”
The Alpha felt himself becoming lost in the sapphire swirls of icy blue flames, a refuge where he felt for the first time, as if he actually belonged there.
Being who he was, Dean knew that he was unlovable, except to his younger brother of course. But even then, being an odious creature led the Alpha to continually repeat the process of never managing to withhold a long-lasting relationship, fearing that maybe the person he was with would one day get tired and abandon Dean.
What hurt the most was that Castiel was rejecting him.
been asked to
It wasn’t uncommon for Dean to show up at work with worn out clothes, his job was to fix cars and to those who thought that being a mechanic was luxurious, well, they’re fucking morons. Being a mechanic meant not only getting your hands dirty, but getting every part of your body beyond filthy. So, what was the point of dressing up if in the end, the Alpha would eventually be covered in dark stains.
They were fucked.
The Omega leaned forward, grabbing a cherry tomato from Gabriel’s salad and popping it into his mouth. “I also left recommendations on your desk, those who should be promoted and those who need a little more training.”
The Omega snapped, his voice wavering in a wobbly tone. “
The Omega looked down at Dean’s hands, slowing turning them over so that Castiel’s fingertips were brushing against the palm of Dean’s hands. The Omega calmly wrapped his slender fingers around the Alpha’s wrists, gently caressing the skin there with the stroke of his thumb.
The bed was rocking back and forth, squeaking loudly and hitting the wall with a vicious force.
Instead of hearing the screeching sounds of warning signs and foreboding himself into the preserved threads of dignity where Castiel would have promoted his right to be respected, even against two very powerful Alphas, the Omega’s mind was clouding into a thick smoke of condensation, where it’s droplets of water were made of one of the deadliest sins ever known to man: ripened lust.
It’s been two years since John’s father — Henry Winchester — passed away, Henry was a lovable president. Henry was an Alpha that surpassed the stereotypes connected to Alphas; instead of being dominating, authoritative, and superior to other secondary genders below his status. Henry was kind, generous, approachable, and above all, sweeter than honey.
“Me either.”
Dean was singing along to an AC/DC song while banging the steering wheel with his hands and facing Sam. “Sammy! Come on, potato! Cheer up. We’re going to my favorite bar and you’re gonna get laid.”
The Omega took a step back, slowly moving to the side and searching for the Alpha’s face and to the Omega’s surprise, Dean was smiling like a child who just arrived at Disneyland for the very first time.
. There were emerald specks that melted into jade swirls with golden pulses that surrounded the Alpha’s pupils, a true exit that allowed the Omega to leave this shit world and enter the thriving forests that bled of green richness.
by the Alphas that were strategically cornering him, blocking all exits and leaving Castiel with no other option but to receive them. Yet the Omega’s mind was lost; all reason and explanation were thrown out the window, the familiar tactic of protecting himself from any Alpha wishing to harm him, was irrelevant.
Dean and Castiel arrived at the repair shop, the Alpha promptly exiting his Baby and opening the door for the Omega, like the gentleman he was. Castiel shyly thanked Dean, waiting for the Alpha to lead the way. Though Dean couldn’t help the slight bounce in his step, due to the noble gesture he performed by respecting the Omega, it was obvious that Castiel was blushing like crazy, mirroring the color of a bright red strawberry.
Dean closed his eyes, his hands gripping tightly onto the plushness of Castiel’s hips, painfully grinding his teeth together. The Alpha snarled, feeling his canines emerging and pushing down the urge to
The car was starting to feel hot; with the intense afternoon sun beaming down at the vehicle and Lucifer’s pheromones failing to die away, Castiel decided to go against the Alpha’s orders and step out of the car before he had a heat stroke. The Omega exhaled in pure triumph at breathing clean air once again, lazily fanning himself to will away the furious red blush on his cheeks due to the heat.
Castiel was having trouble breathing, there was a point where the Omega couldn’t handle the smell any longer and began to inch closer to the window, praying for a whiff of fresh air. The reason why they were moving was the Omega’s doing, looking down at his trench coat, Castiel nervously ran his hands up and down his thighs.
Castiel tightly wrapped his arms around his stomach, forcing himself to not vomit at the heady scent crawling through his nostrils as he watched Lucifer enter their new house. Once the Alpha disappeared inside, the Omega tiredly slumped back into his seat and breathed through his mouth, avoiding the casual cycle of breathing through his nose.
The Alpha made up his mind, he was going to claim Castiel’s mouth and no way in hell, was anyone going to stop him.
Already at an early age, Dean treated every Omega — except his mother — as if they were toys meant to be played with. The Alpha believed that Omegas were useful when it came to sex and pleasure. Aside from sex; Omegas weren’t privy to receiving an education, abuse was allowed towards them, and obedience along with loyalty was a requirement.
Sam let out a boisterous laugh, clutching onto his stomach and holding onto the desk to keep himself from falling onto the ground and exploding into a fit of uncontrolled giggles. “You really think that? Sorry to break it to you but Cas would choose me over you any day.”
Dean muttered something under his breath that Cas didn't catch, but Sam threw a sideways semi-evil smirk at his brother.
Sam startled slightly when his phone started to ring. He fished it out of his pocket, reading the caller ID and picking up. "Hey Kevin, what's up?" He put it on speakerphone.
He whipped his flashlight around towards the far passageway as he heard the distant snarl. The hunter froze, and he felt his heart drop. "
"God yes." Dean sighed, scrubbing his hands over his face. "Help me sit up a bit, will you?"
After another long pause, Sam spoke again. "Something else on your mind?"
"I called Crowley. Voicemail. Not surprised."
Sam sighed. "Yeah. We have some practice, and the large pile of shit we stole from the hospital and ambulance. Fingers crossed."
It took everything inside the Alpha to not lurch forward and grab Castiel, keeping the Omega from leaving. “God, no.
Dean rolled his eyes, approaching the desk and lightly punching Garth. “Hi Garth.”
“He’s all work and no play. So, here’s some free advice for you boys, don’t choose Castiel. He’s extremely shy but very blunt when it comes to having a conversation with him. I don’t think you’ll like him, especially you, Dean. So, if anything, just greet him and leave him alone.”
Even though what the Alpha really wanted to say was,
In all honesty, Sam looked really fucking good. Dean, on the other hand, was chosen to wear a beige suit with a white dress shirt underneath, the top buttons of the dress shirt were unbuttoned, revealing Dean’s collarbones. Lastly, Dean wore black loafers made of velvety material and like Sam, his suit was
Was Dean being blessed? Well, if he was, the Alpha certainly wasn’t complaining. Dean was suppressing the idiotic urge of letting his heart burst out through his chest, watching in horror as the pink muscle would scream in happiness while attacking the Omega with sloppy kisses.
The Omega turned to face the Alpha, smiling sheepishly while lifting his hand in the air. “Hello, Dean.”
The Alpha took back the empty cup, offering more tissues to Castiel. “Don’t cry, angel. Everything is gonna be okay, I’m sure whoever hurt you, they’ll get what they deserve.”
Dean threw his head back, head butting Sam and breaking away from the Alpha’s grip when Sam kicked at his older brother’s feet, throwing Dean off balance and making the Alpha hit the ground face first. Dean groaned at the pain spreading across his body but the Alpha was determined to reach the elevator, even if he had to crawl.
The younger Alpha followed the mob of people fawning over his older brother. Shouts came in every direction when Dean entered the bar, “
But he was an Alpha, sure it was stereotypical to judge Alphas by condemning them as weak leaders for not taking a beating and fighting back with everything, hurting the other person twice as badly and rejoicing in the glory of leaving another person humiliated and defeated. But personally, Dean could take a savage beating, no thanks to his dead father, but Omegas, they weren’t built for that.
I’d like to walk with you. I don’t mind taking the groceries.”
Sam hugged his mother, rubbing his face against Castiel’s tummy. “We were worried about you, mommy. We needed to protect you.”
Castiel was about to pull Sam and Dean away from the Alpha when Gabriel showed up. “What the flipping heck is happening in my fucking beautiful diner?”
want.”
? To stop.
, from here, Dean could see that the Omega had the prettiest set of nipples he’s ever seen. They were round, puffy, swollen, and thick. The Alpha’s mouth was watering, the thought of slipping the Omega’s nipple into his mouth made his cock erect, the length of his girth was growing by the second and thickening by the minute.
Was he really going to kiss him? Was this actually happening?
Dean didn’t let go of Castiel’s hands; his breathing rough as he lovingly nosed at the Omega’s jawline. “You smell really nice, Cas.”
Where has this scent been all of Dean’s life?
Dean had enough, he was done with being patient. The Alpha wanted to be
Castiel became flustered, rubbing the back of his neck and stumbling on his own words. “That’s a nice offer but — I have work to do.”
Dean must have been quiet for a
” Sam never felt comfortable when Dean dragged his ass to practically anywhere, the Alpha was starting to regret his decision when Sam spotted an old friend from afar.
gonna get laid. I’m just gonna hang back.”
Chuck smacked the palm of his hand against his forehead. “Right! Sorry. I have four sons. Michael is my first born, after him its Lucifer and after Lucifer it’s Gabriel and the youngest is Castiel. It’s five of us, well six including Donna.”
The Omega’s skin would feel
, he loathed himself more than anyone could imagine.
. “Thank you.”
Dean wrapped his arms around Cas, holding him close for a moment. He worked through an unexpected rush of emotions himself, surprised by how relieved he was to see Cas upright. His mind had been turning since Crowley mentioned the angel's grace. He felt warm as Cas tentatively wrapped his arms around him as well.
"Yeah, and what? You two are just going to take on Metatron yourselves? Oh that's smart. Except Sam is fucking mess, and you barely have enough juice in you to keep you standing. I'm the one guy who has a shot at killing that son of a bitch."
"Cas says he's fine, he's fine. Dude used to lead armies for god's sake, he's capable of a little recon."
"Yeah, but I don't like them."
"I woke up after the surgery." Dean explained. "I guess whatever they saw in my head was good enough for them. Gotta watch it or something… if it does good they get to fix my leg and chest tomorrow. Two steel rods in my leg. I get to be a cyborg." He managed a half grin, but it turned into something of a grimace. "That and work on six broken ribs."
"My sympathies."
The two of them had stayed out of the bunker until the sun began to set. When the first fireflies started to appear Dean had reluctantly steered them back towards the safety of home. Suddenly self conscious, the hunter had refused to let his mind rest long enough to think for the rest of the night. Research, dinner, cleaning. When it was late enough to "sleep" he bid Sam and Cas goodnight and retreated to his own room to listen to music and brood in peace.
"Yeah man, that's great. I can get a boot online, probably even get it here in a couple days. You'll be able to walk with that and a crutch." He pulled up the other x-rays, looking through them. "Your arm isn't bad either. I wouldn't pick up anything too heavy, but that brace should keep it pretty set. Sling is probably optional, but it'll help it hurt less I guess." He was already pointing at the desk in the corner. "Open that drawer, see if there's a tape measure in there."
Now he found himself being shown an entire new part of life, and was excited by just how excited Dean seemed to be to show it to him. He sat with the hunter, accepted the offered beers, allowed Dean to pick a pile of food and chicken wings, and happily sampled everything he was offered.
"No…" Dean muttered, seeming distracted. His phone began to buzz in his pocket and he pulled it out, looking at the name before flipping it open. "Hey Sam, we're at the unit now." He switched the call onto speaker.
"I am sorry I allowed the phone to fall into his hands."
"I didn't even think for a second this could be a wendigo." He hissed, his expression falling completely. "It was absurd to find one in Colorado, there was
Cas excused himself to go try and wash some of the fur off his arms.
kill you… we aren't ever going to be able to cure him. He'd die."
The feeling was instant this time. It was like the second he felt himself sink into sleep he was standing beside Cas again. If anything, the feelings were stronger and more obvious this time.
"Dean!" Cas stepped forward quickly, steadying the hunter as he realized what happened. "Don't try to look too far past the vessel." He instructed firmly. "It'll burn right through you."
"This feeling… it's so overwhelming and limiting at the same time. I can take in so much less information in one instant, but I can filter none of it out. I have yet to develop a way to focus my attention."
"Sounds good. See you later, then." The call ended.
Sam closed his eyes, leaning back against one of the tables, feeling all of the sudden like he was years older, exhaustion settling into his bones. "God Cas, it's killing him." He breathed. "I think it's actually going to kill him no matter what. I don't know how long he can fight it."
The angel's face relaxed into one of displeasure. "I do not believe this is wise."
"Sam wait-"
When the pack got ready to make their move, the hunter felt a brief flash of regret, his eyes catching the glint of his gun across the warehouse, well out of reach. He tightened his fingers around the knife, body tensing and ready when the group rushed him at once.
"I can remember you fishing me out of the pit." Dean paused what he was doing for a moment, looking at the angel. "When I was human I remembered the light breaking down the walls before waking up in a pine box."
"It wasn't any different." Sam said softly, mostly to himself. He looked up at Cas. "What do we do?"
Cas looked at the ceiling, distress clearly written across his face. "I tried."
The few cameras that had been recovered so clearly showed his brother ripping through one after another. Blinking forward with the speed and efficiency that only a demon could achieve. They showed police unleashing everything they had, watching it roll off the demon, before he came for them too. Almost every place he didn't clear out of bodies was set ablaze as the knight of hell continued his blood thirsty warpath from the bay to the sea.
Dean's eyes snapped up and he fumbled, the smooth glass bottle slipping through his fingers and shattering on the concrete floor. He jumped to his feet, cursing. Carefully ignoring the three pairs of eyes on him, he crossed the kitchen to grab a dish towel, throwing it down on the mess.
Not that Dean expected any different, but he was disappointed nonetheless when a sigil was immediately seared into the post that would prevent the demon from making a return. He shifted, hand gripping the angel blade tightly as he kept watch for any opportunity to make his move. But right now, with two of them, he didn't stand much of a chance.
Sam took in the sight before him. Dean was almost as much a mess as Cas, he assumed the fight to get him into a trap had been part of the reason the hotel was in such disarray. The clothes Dean wore now were also a little worse for wear, though much like Cas' they seemed better than he himself looked. He glanced over at the duffel and boots outside the circle, and then up at the first blade sitting on the counter.
The demon kept his gaze steady. "You tell me. I assume you have him locked down somewhere, or you'd have already called to see if I'd found him." He waited for a second, but when he didn't get a response he continued anyway. "I'm sure you and your merry band have something you're working on. Don't pretend the full resources of hell wouldn't be of any help."
The hunter reached up to ghost his hand over the handprint scar that never faded. "But you couldn't always find me." Dean pointed out.
"What does that mean?"
Blue eyes cracked open and adjusted to the surrounding ambient light. He rolled slowly onto his side, trying not to jostle his stiff wrapped limbs. With his new vantage point, he sought to confirm his suspicion. Dean was mostly still, but his face was clenched, as if in pain, and his fists were tight. The angel frowned, right in his assessment. He had never been clued in to Dean's dreams like this. In previous times, when he found the hunter dreaming, it was always because Dean prayed in his sleep, likely without even knowing he was doing so. This time, he was just a witness. He could no longer lift a finger and stop them.
Cooler stocked with beer for their trip and his mind made up, Dean headed towards the former angel's room. He knocked, slipping in, finding Cas at the desk in the room, flipping absently through a book. He cleared his throat. "Hey. What do you think about getting out of here?"
Dean rubbed the back of his hand over his bruised lip. He moved forward again.
"Look me in the eyes, right now, and tell me you think I'll be able to recover from that."
"You can't mean that." Cas insisted. When Dean just shrugged he stood, his posture more angered now than concerned. "And you? You're willing to be the sacrifice in this war?"
"Alright, well he says he hit the sack at about four, so you've been at this a while."
got back." Sam whispered. "He's already like this."
Castiel waited until he heard the outer door before swinging his own door open. He hurried out, ready to back up Sam if need be, but the younger hunter was already lowering his weapon.
Sam looked at her, shaking his head. "I don't know. Maybe."
"And demons?"
"Whatever you were thinking about, it wasn't your fault."
Kevin frowned, sensing there was more. Likely a lot more, but he never expected to get the whole story anyway. "And…?"
Right when he turned the last corner, there was only one.
"Last time I was here, Bobby, Sam and I were working a djinn in Des Moines. Stayed here for two weeks." Dean said absently.
"I know." Sam's face was positioned into one resembling pity. "I'm sorry."
"We've done it here before." Dean supplied. "Back when we stayed here with Bobby." This particular cabin wasn't too far from town.
Charlie flushed, coughing slightly.
"Nothing we've heard of can even touch a knight of hell." Sam spoke.
Dean nodded. "I can smell." The air was thick with sulfur. "Cas?"
"Crowley?"
"I could take it away. If you want. You needn't remember it if it distresses you."
Dean had let himself lean against the wall, face blank, deep inside his own mind. Cas coaxed him away from the wall again and continued their path to the bunker's shower room.
"Nerd." Dean rolled his eyes.
"I'll take anything at this point." Dean responded.
"Tonto National Forest. A couple groups had gone missing. And a kid, Liam. We got the kid out, but everyone else was dead."
"Will it hurt
"Cas, I don't know how to-"
"He let me put him into sleep."
"I look forward to the experience."
Charlie smiled. "You better."
The angel spared only a brief thought about his path out of heaven. The hope against hope he had been wrong. That somehow Dean Winchester's soul had made a safe passage to salvation after all. But his search proved fruitless, as Dean's soul had not found heaven.
The older hunter closed his eyes, taking a second to try to catch his breath. He brought up an arm to wipe the fine layer of sweat from his brow, but the only thing it accomplished was smearing blood across his forehead. "I don't-"
"Sam, it's been
"What the hell is up with you and Cas?"
"The place was warded better than anything I've ever seen outside the bunker. They couldn't touch it but they must've known what was inside. They were stalking the place, probably have been for years. They waited for me to come out with the books. I barely got away from them."
Cas finished lighting the hearth, watching it for a moment to make sure it would fully catch. He was glad for their time in the New York cabin following the crash, or he would have had to rely on Dean to know how to build a fire.
Dean started to properly wake up and take stock of himself and everything after a cup of coffee in the small diner off the highway. He looked at Cas who was absently watching the silent weather report in the corner television and took a second to appreciate what he was doing for him. The drive was helping his mind clear, or at the very least helping distract him.
Dean took another deep breath and coughed again, more blood staining the corners of his lips.
didn't trust Cas to know what injuries were worth mentioning. "Your ribs okay?"
"Yes now. Dean, you've been avoiding me for three days now. You barely came out when Gadreel left, and then you went right back to ground."
"Cas… I need to check on Kevin."
"With what, a fake tablet? He wrote them Dean, he's gotta know what they look like."
Dean meanwhile ended up hitting the ground full force in a closed supermarket parking lot two states away. He muttered a few curses as he picked himself off the pavement, the bleeding scrapes on his hands and knees swiftly working to patch themselves up, the broken wrist causing him to hiss, but it soon began to knit itself together just the same.
Cas tensed immediately, the kiss coming completely out of nowhere for him. He felt his breath catch in his chest as his mind tried to work out exactly what was happening.
Cas let a small smile slip.
"I can certainly do that." He moved slowly, beginning to bridge the gap between them.
"You shouldn't."
"What do you even feed a cat?"
"God no." Dean laughed. "Bobby would have killed him sooner than help him towards the end there… difference in opinion." He frowned, the gears in his head turning. "Dad's place got broken into too…"
... " Sam breathed. "After hell he was never quite the same, and it took him months after purgatory to be more or less alright. What if this is one he can't recover from?"
Sam swallowed.
For the first time in four years Cas sent a silent prayer, begging a father who never listened to spare this man.
"Great." Dean muttered.
A blink and he was back, standing in front of Cas, holding his grace.
"Yeah, it has a way of doing that." He sighed. "You try counting sheep?"
It was dark by the time Dean returned to the motel room Gadreel had been holed up in. He pushed open the broken door, swinging it to mostly shut behind him. He found Castiel cleaning a bit of blood from the wall beneath the triangular hole left by the blade. Dean cleared his throat, surprised to find Cas startle, as if he hadn't heard Dean coming.
"Hey." Sam turned to look back at Dean. "Stay sharp."
Gadreel's hands rose slowly. "Metatron met me outside of the building. He sought to confirm I had completed my task, and he requested the tablet. I informed him it was not in the bunker. He looked to consider for a moment, and then simply said he was disappointed. He had an angel blade with him, and he made to kill me. Cas attempted to intercept, and Metatron missed a killing blow. Cas dragged me inside here, and used his grace to pull me back from near death."
" 's not your fault." Dean picked at the edge of the plastic label. He peeled it back, lifting it off the water bottle entirely, and then sat with it in his hand because he didn't know what to do with it now. "Can't we just fight a wendigo or something?"
rest at all during that?"
A week later, Cas' failing grace just barely picked up Hannah's call. He had to have Gadreel reach out with a response. He didn't have a good feeling when the two hunters and angel accompanied him outside of town to meet with her. And when the four returned home, Sam and Cas nervously watched Dean pace back and forth in the map room. He spared an uneasy glance sideways as Gadreel stood solid.
to get hurt either."
"Shut up."
The hunter's voice lowered, and the urgency in which he spoke did not go unnoticed. "Cas, you have to promise me. If I go too far, if… if I...you gotta take me out."
Dean had barely put the car in park before he was out of the car, running past the bunker door, starting down the trail he remembered following Cas through.
"Yeah." Dean said bitterly. "We wouldn't have to figure it out if I had just been honest with him to begin with."
"Sounds good to me. And Sam-"
"Just put another couple logs on, it'll last until morning."
by the time I got there. And when the demons started attacking in the hospital, I thought they had started with you. I can't just leave you here."
Sam had expected the answer before the angel had even begun to explain the idea to him.
Dean grinned. "Thanks, babe."
Dean gave a weak smile. "Yeah. Well maybe we'll explore the finer foods beyond soggy burritos one day." He pulled out a chair and sank into it, glad he could avoid having a much more unwelcome discussion with the former angel. He watched Cas eat in silence for a few moments. "I have to ask Cas, what's up with the duds?"
The hunter sucked in a breath, letting out a short forced laugh. "Never mind. Sorry Cas… god I hate drugs. Don't have my head on straight." He cleared his throat again. "Dreams have me spinning a bit, that's all."
Castiel was forced up against the other post in the room, the crutch being wrenched from his arm and thrown. Both his arms were hauled up to eye level and clamped into waiting chains, already stained with the blood of whoever was there before.
"The mark of Cain is likely changing the way this works."
Cas slid himself towards the edge of the bed, out from under the now too-warm blanket pile, taking a moment before stretching his good arm, and rolling his neck. He got up onto his unbroken foot and half hopped half shuffled until he could fall somewhat gracelessly into the armchair beside the bed.
"I was going to kill Sam…"
"And I won't have to." Cas asserted firmly.
"Yes." Cas answered simply and confidently.
A weak smile crossed Dean's face. "You know, looking back on it, we definitely were sleeping together in that timeline."
"Yeah, I know. I just didn't really pay attention before." He said gruffly.
"Yeah, I'm here Dean…"
Dean smiled gently, coming to sit against the wall next to him. He crossed his arms, leaning back.
Cas looked back for another moment, watching Dean writhe against his restraints in pain before turning and following after Sam.
"So, do you need me to give you a second to come up with a lie about why you're out here, or do you have one prepared?"
"Dean?" He asked quietly.
to get hurt either."
"Hey." Dean breathed. He shook his head. "Shit..." He pulled a bandana out of his pocket and pressed down on the worst of the wounds, through Cas' stomach. He winced when Cas hissed in pain. "Sorry."
"I'm texting the coordinates and breaking the devils trap at the door. Get here
"You know how this is going to go." Sam continued flatly. He stepped forward, clapping the demon-proof cuffs over Dean's wrists. Once he was secured, he held Dean up as Cas leaned in to scrape away enough of the trap to let the demon walk free. He yanked his brother forward, starting to drag him towards the stairs. "We have a long drive ahead of us, so it'll go faster if you just cooperate."
"Because you do not yet know how you feel." Cas finished.
Sam nodded slowly, wondering if that was a good sign or not. "He seems to be doing… okay."
"Dean… come back with me."
"Yeah, maybe half an hour away."
us. Dad sort of showed us and expected us to remember. But Bobby explained things. I don't know. Plus he actually stuck around even when we weren't hunting. Dad usually bailed on the motel any chance he got. Library, bar, his secret second family..." He rolled his eyes, wishing not for the first time that Sam had offered them more than a small bottle of cooking wine in the way of alcohol. Maybe he didn't need to get hammered, but this conversation at least deserved a drink.
"Right." Dean hissed as he took too deep a breath, resulting in a coughing fit that had tears running down his eyes by the time it was done. His head was swimming, the pain and the drugs combining to all but knock him out. He didn't really process what Cas had said.
"Are you coming?" He swung into the car, starting her up. Sam rushed to get into it, barely shutting the door before it was off and on the road again.
Dean was quiet for a moment, mulling over this new info and feeling just a little like an ass. "But you still feel?" He sought reassurance despite Castiel answering this just moments before.
"I am almost certain you have not eaten today, and you did not yesterday. You must eat something." He reached into his overcoat, pulling out a couple other snacks. An apple, a bag of pretzels, a granola bar. "I have a variety of foods if this is not your choice."
"I appreciate that you have healed Sam. That is not insignificant."
"No but-"
"I don't know, I think I'll win that fight." Sam's more lively voice cut back.
It also didn't escape Cas' notice how comfortable and confident Dean was with Liam. He thought back, realizing that Dean had raised his brother from infant-hood. Dean knew how to handle the frightened child. He himself felt completely lost on the subject. He looked to the hunter for guidance on what he should do.
"Mmmh?"
"Why?"
"Besides, there's a lot more going on here anyway, okay? It's messy." Dean managed to let slip a laugh in spite of himself. "I'm 36, 76 if you count hell, and you're how old? Millennia? You're kind of robbing the cradle here. Not to mention the whole species difference." He managed to keep his tone firm and focus on the humor. "Let's not dissect this any more than we have to. Nothing needs saying, nothing needs a label. We just move on."
"An army." Cas said gravely.
Sam and Castiel stood still for a second, waiting for Dean to take another breath, but it didn't happen. Dean instead involuntarily shuddered, his body starving for air that wasn't being delivered.
Cas ran forward, ripping through the restraints, breaking them off the chair and loosing the hunter's limbs. "Dean, please, talk to me." He cupped Dean's cheek, pulling the hunter upwards to look at him. He saw nothing but blinding terror flashing back at him. He felt Dean start to slip and he pulled the hunter to his shoulder, sinking down to kneel in front of the chair, Dean ending up across his lap and up against his chest.
Sam shook a couple pills out, dividing them between them. He put a bottle of water in Dean's hand, nodding as Cas grabbed his own from the day before. "Breakfast is on. I'll be back in a few minutes with eggs. Then antibiotics for both of you."
Cas nodded silently, wishing he could say something that would actually help bring peace to Sam.
Dean didn't comment further however, turning his attention back to his food.
Sam didn't rise to the bait. He turned to Cas. "You tell me if there's anything else you need."
The battered body of his brother was unchained and thrust forward. Crowley carefully pushed Cas, grabbing Sam and blinking out in an instant before anything could go sideways.
Cas gave a nod. "Of course."
"Yeah, it took a while to repair the angel tablet after Metatron, but he got it a couple days ago. Sort of."
When Castiel woke, he was laying on something soft. It took his mind a moment to catch up with his memories. He opened his eyes, meaning to seek out the hunter, but he was surprised to find Dean sitting on the edge of the mattress he found himself lying on.
"Yeah." Sam finally spoke, scraping the last bit of breakfast onto plates. "Gadreel." He walked over, sliding a plate in front of Kevin and one in front of Dean. He returned for the final two plates, placing one in front of Cas and finally sitting with his own.
"That doesn't make it any better."
"I brought you upstairs." Dean replied.
"I don't know. You guys switching vessels."
Dean walked back into his room, letting his shoulders sink in relief when his door was closed. One obstacle down. He threw his clothes and laptop into his duffel. He pulled his favorite gun out from under his pillow, doing a routine check of the magazine before throwing it on top of the clothes and zipping it shut. He slung it over his shoulder, heading out to the library himself.
"What time is it?"
He was somewhat surprised when he came back and Dean had sunk down into one of the seats at the table. He sat with a fork in his hand, distractedly poking at the eggs as if he actually intended to eat any. Slowly, Sam slipped onto the seat opposite him. He took a few bites despite his own disinterest, trying to give Dean a moment to process or something.
"Eastham, Massachusetts." Sam said softly. "Three days ago Dean all but destroyed it."
Cas sensed his exhaustion, moving forward in the hopes to guide Dean to sit on the bed, but as he reached to touch Dean's arm he found himself pulled into a crushing embrace instead. He was surprised at first, but slowly he reached up to wrap his arms around the hunter.
With the strength of a very weak horse, Dean dragged his sore limbs into the cool tiles of his shower, giving himself a harsh scrubbing. The Alpha — with more force than necessary — rubbed against his skin with a washcloth, washing away the pheromones that reeked of sex, cum, and sweat. After showering and deeming himself completely clean, Dean nakedly walked towards his drawer, taking out pajama bottoms that had hot dogs all over it and choosing to be shirtless for the time being.
Dean gave an irritated snarl, the Alpha knocked over a chair and angrily stomped his way to the door.
“And who might that be?”
“Because you have an unhealthy addiction to sweets. You have the most horrible sweet tooth! And I’m not going to witness my only brother dying of a heart attack or getting diabetes because you can’t stop eating sweets.”
During spontaneous ruts, the wait time for his knot to go away was pretty damn short. The anger building inside the Alpha was slowly turning into lust again.
Standing up straight and fixing their ties, Dean and Sam were ready to get this interview over with when the most beautiful creature entered their dad’s office.
The Omega blew them all kisses before leaving. “Okie dokie, let me just go put in your breakfast orders and fill you boys up, can’t have my future husbands starving to death.”
Castiel waved a small goodbye to the Omega, unable to resist the tremendous smile on his face as he caught up to Dean. “He’s very… exuberant.”
The Omega couldn’t stop inhaling Sam’s scent, Castiel flared his nostrils and immediately picked up the second wave of the Alpha’s scent.
Of course, when John asked his sons why they weren’t mated already, he received two different answers. Sam claimed that
Lucifer placed his hand on Castiel’s arm when Dean pushed Lucifer back, and like an animal defending its property, Dean snarled viciously and placed himself before the Omega, protecting Castiel from Lucifer. “
Don’t be. He’s not here anyways. I know this sounds stalker-ish and creepy but trust me, I have good intentions. I just — I just needed to make sure you were okay.”
Dean, on the other hand, was having a blast. During his hugging session with basically every rogue demon in the bar, the Alpha caught sight of Bobby Singer, an old family friend. Dean told his friends that he’d be right back, pushing past the crowds of people to hug the older Alpha from behind. Dean laughed at the way Bobby smacked him upside the head and settled himself next to Bobby, ordering a drink when —
Thrown over desk drawer: placed back into original position with clothes folded into their prior designation. Check.
“New ways.” Sam spat, leaning back into his chair and laughing at his father. “These are old ways, dad. And am I the only one whose offended at the thought of offering this job solely to Omegas? They don’t deserve to be humiliated this way.”
“I know!”
Dean was so happy and… why did the Omega taste like bedsheets? What the heck, the Alpha was on the verge of telling Castiel how much he cared for him when the taste in his mouth ruined everything.
“Meaning?”
There were black gates made of iron surrounding the entire area, enclosing the grim mansion displaying its ebony color in full blast. Although its massiveness was overwhelming, it lacked physical attractiveness. Yet the entire area seemed spotless, clean, and well kept. Just by looking at it, you’d believe that this was a murder house vibrating with dead bodies instead of a sleazy brothel.
“Trust me, Sammy. I’ll become the Omega’s protector even if I have to sell my soul to the devil himself.”
Castiel snarled back. “And I don’t think you understand what it means when I say no.”
Dean knew what it was to be beaten down, feeling as if you could never stand up without being knocked down again.
Dean kept driving his fist into Lucifer’s face; Dean was responsible for bruising both of Lucifer’s eyes until they were swollen and nearly closing, responsible for the nasty cuts slicing through Lucifer’s cheeks, responsible for cutting through Lucifer’s lips, and breaking through Lucifer’s skin till there was nothing left except the bone hidden beneath the marred flesh.
Dean bit the inside of his cheek, glaring daggers at the Omega. “I promise. Now.
The Omega giggled at the Alpha’s clumsiness and returned to completing his prior task. “So, what can I get you boys today.”
The unexpectedly deep and dark voice that reeked of sex was making Dean’s blood boil,
they were only a breath away from kissing each other when Castiel awkwardly offered his hand to Dean. “Castiel Novak.”
Rule number two: whatever share earned by every rent boy was to be given to Crowley, except he only asked for half of their share. The other half belonged to his rent boys and they could use the money however they wanted. Rule number three: every rent boy had the choice of choosing their own suitors.
By Dean’s count, he’s probably fucked hundreds of rogue demons and to no surprise, the numbers kept rising. Being a demon came with its perks; an impossibly high sex drive which was difficult to sedate, intense ruts, and a carnivorous need to violently mark their property.
Gabriel stood up from his seat. “Our perfect candidate is my younger Omega brother. He’s had his fair share in education at college and has enough grace to make this job look like sex. I can bring him in today and you can interview him, if that’s alright with you, Mr. Winchester.”
With the cutest head tilt ever known to man, Castiel teasingly asked. “What about you, handsome? See anything you like?”
The Omega blushed as he proceeded to grab his small notebook and pen. The Omega was completely aware that Bobby and Rufus were giving him heart eyes, which only made Castiel blush even harder. It wasn’t until after an embarrassingly long minute that Bobby and Rufus remembered about their invited guest, who was at the moment, looking up at Castiel with his mouth open.
Okay.
The Alpha swallowed down the flaming temper that was clawing at his ribcage, faking a smile that failed to reach his green eyes and shushing down the roaring sounds of his Alpha instincts demanding Dean to hurt and push the Omega away. “Cas.”
Sam simply stared after Castiel, watching as the Omega was being pulled away by Dean.
The Omega was weak but he kept fighting against the Alpha, the Omega was sobbing and a trail of blood was staining the window. The Alpha smushed the Omega’s face against the window, it couldn’t be seen but the window only went as far as showing the Omega’s hips. After that, the image was cut off but it was no mystery that the Alpha was ripping away the Omega’s briefs and leaving him bare.
“Can you take that question and shove it up your ass, jerk?!”
The Alpha mentally kicked himself in the ass as he pointed to his own house.
now that Dean thought about it, it was embarrassing to even think, much less, approach Castiel after this.
Sam and Dean nodded eagerly, getting up from their seats and kissing their mother’s cheek. They both became idiotic fools when Castiel winked at them before serving more customers. The two Alphas returned to their seats, mindlessly talking about their forbidden fantasies involving their mother when an Alpha worker entered the diner.
Dean opened his mouth, narrowing his eyes and trying to figure out what Castiel was asking him. “Why what?”
Badly.
“Where’s the dressing?”
Castiel sniffled a couple of times, looking through his pockets to wipe away the mess of tears that left behind white streaks against his puffy red cheeks, when suddenly a box of tissues appeared before him. The Omega looked up and saw a tall, handsome, and very
Castiel was distressed, seeming on the verge of having a panic attack. The pheromones produced by the Omega were bitter and harsh, making the Alpha scrunch his nose in displeasure. Judging by the pheromones radiating in large waves, Dean knew that the Omega was scared and the Alpha’s instincts kicked in automatically.
There was no escape. The Alpha knew why this was happening, as much as he convinced himself to become the ideal Alpha for the Omega next door and pushing himself to becoming the best version of himself that he can be, there was no way around the truth, no way to prevent the flaming madness that burned through his fingers.
The five year old boy looked up, eyes overflowing with tears as he nodded.
"Cas has a concussion, couple of cracked ribs, and the ride from buffalo cost him an arm and a leg." Dean immediately laughed at his own joke.
It was late in the evening when Sam finally saw Castiel for the first time that day. The younger hunter had been in one of the bunker's back rooms, browsing some of the more obscure texts on angels and heaven, compiling a stack of books he was hoping either Gadreel or Cas could help him sort through later. The angel knocked on the open door, getting his attention. "Hey Cas, what's up?"
It allowed him to regain a slight bit of clarity, finally coming around enough to finish getting clean himself and accept the waiting towel from the angel. He reached for the unsoiled clothes, wondering where his ruined outfit had been thrown. He didn't really care. He was just grateful he didn't need to see it.
Dean's expression darkened slightly. "Apparently." He had already received an earful from a hidden angel co-pilot when he tried to suggest the trip was a bad idea. The hunter watched the man across from him settle into his place and eye the sandwich offering. "You okay? You don't look so hot…"
"I'll call to you if I need help." Cas assured. Sam nodded in response, finally giving in and heading for the door.
"It is a noble endeavor. I suggest you confer with your vessel on occasion. The type of human who let an angel in is likely one who could use some guidance themselves. But there might be things of this world he can teach you as well."
telling the truth."
"I can always tag you out, or we could take shifts if we have to."
"Yeah, fine Crowley, but if you know where it is, just go get the damn thing and ventilate her yourself."
Dean raised his eyebrows, watching the angel piece himself back together and carefully replace the indifference in his expression. "So… what're you gonna do about that?"
It was almost a mile before he felt more than saw it push past them. It almost knocked them off balance as it disappeared into the brush and turned to swipe through again. Castiel slashed out with his blade and he caught flesh, the Wendigo screeching in pain as it pulled another retreat.
"So how do we help get through that?" Dean pressed, feeling a small flicker of hope as they had a direction to turn.
Sam paused in the doorway, taking in the scene.
Castiel nodded, slipping one arm under Dean's, hefting the hunter up and close to him. Dean groaned in agony, beads of sweat lining his forehead as the pain of being moved coursed through him. Cas tried to ignore how little of his own weight Dean could hold, how his feet dragged with every step, how the blood made his grip so slick he had to readjust twice just to reach the stairs.
"And if things go wrong before then-"
"I did not wish to be saved that way."
"So you're…"
Dean kept close watch of Cas' expressions that evening, taking count of the things he would have previously refused to look into.
They laid like that until Dean managed to find sleep. Cas closed his eyes, listening to the steady breath of the broken human beside him. He rested his cheek against Dean’s head, simply waiting for morning to hopefully bring something good.
"As I understand it, they sort of take care of themselves for the most part."
"He will wake soon. We
when it happened."
"Dean, I am sorry." He hesitated before putting his hand down, just barely touching Dean's. "I'm sorry I keep causing you distress."
"Hey, wait here a sec." Dean stood, exiting the room. Cas remained still until Dean walked back in a few minutes later. "Here." He handed Cas a bag of cough drops and a water bottle.
"Cas suggested you two were in a romantic relationship." He smiled when he heard the wrench clatter to the ground as Dean fumbled with it. "So that's a yes then, huh?"
, hmm? Human? Innocent?" Dean snapped his gaze to glare at Cas. "Yes."
. Cas was a celestial being, pure energy much larger than that of his human vessel. Shoving that power into such a small receptacle… Touching Cas normally felt just a little like putting your hand through static electricity. And when their lips met, it was always even more noticeable.
well? Now I've got centuries. Millennia." He tilted his head, watching the angel's expression. "Your angel pals don't give a damn about you. They'll turn on you faster than you can blink. Sam will die. Kevin. Then what are you left with? Just you and me, baby."
"Dean." He responded, feeling reassured by the closeness of another human who was there to help. "He hit his head… it won't stop bleeding."
Dean tensed again. "Where is Sam now?"
"The mark
"You've been in a motel before you know."
"He left right after and started to hunt down the angels Metatron had kept in his inner circle." Cas frowned. "He tortured seven angels before he got the location of my grace."
There was the usual contentment, this time free of annoyance. And more of that indescribable
"Had a romantic relationship?" He ignored the discomfort written across Dean's face at his words. "It has happened. The union of an angel and a human is not expressly forbidden, but it was for centuries punished as such. Still… there have been a small handful of nephilim born to prove it happens." He continued his gaze outside the car. "And then others have been more discreet about their relations. An angel in my garrison, he took a host in 1812 whom he is still with today. He has claimed it was convenience, but a few of us know otherwise."
"I'm guessing the treatment is working. The more human he becomes, the less he is affected by the magicks that are infused into the sigils."
“Dean?”
"Yeah, I'll check in." Sam assured him. "Kevin went back to stay with his mom for a bit. Research there."
A sound startled Cas. A phone.
The hunter started to catch his breath, and finally managed the mental control to shove the firearm back under his pillow. He swung his legs over the side of the bed, sitting up and trying to ground himself. He rubbed his face and head, taking a deep breath and reminding himself he was in his room and safe.
Kevin nodded, watching as Cas opened the back of the impala, leaning in and grabbing Dean, dragging him out and to his feet.
Cas nodded, looking confused, but never arguing.
"Yeah."
Cas shook his head. "We need to get Sam."
"Yes. I believe they are after your brother for the location of Crowley. They believe he has completed the purification ritual and Crowley is human."
"Yeah." Dean said simply.
Dean rounded on him instantly. Sam met Dean's knee before he was hauled up into Dean's hands. Cas began running forward, but Dean had already pulled back and rammed Sam's head against the brick tile wall. Sam slid down the wall, leaving a smear of blood behind. Cas grabbed Dean, pulling him off his brother where he was already rearing back to kick him while he was down.
"Pain, my friend. Pain." He dug the tip of the angel blade into the space beside Erelah's knee cap, pushing it in just enough to make the angel let out a barely stifled grunt of pain. "Now. I hear rumors that Metatron stashed away half a vial of Castiel's grace somewhere on earth, and you're going to tell me where to find it."
The angel shrugged. "I'm just looking for information, Castiel, same as everyone."
"Yes now. Dean, you've been avoiding me for three days now. You barely came out when Gadreel left, and then you went right back to ground."
"I do not think it is." The angel said firmly. "It is safer that I remain." He sighed. "Besides-"
Castiel let out a short laugh, though it was a hollow and joyless sound. "I've lived eons... I was a perfect soldier of heaven before I met you. I never would have imagined how you could have changed me... how much loving you would change me. I wouldn't trade that for anything. I just wish we had more time."
Cas gave a small smile. "I'm glad
"Yeah, we handled it." Dean rolled his neck, still feeling a bit stiff from the fight.
"No, I mean really messed up. Ezekiel tried his best, but he couldn't heal Sam enough to keep him alive."
"So what is it Samuel is bringing us?" Dean was honestly curious to know the details of the plan. He had worked out that Sam and Cas must've prepped the cabin ahead of time, in secret from him for just this type of scenario. Or at least,
Cas stood and walked over to where Dean's jeans had been tossed, digging into the pocket and pulling out the keys.
"Were they
Cas let the silence fall back in place. The two settled in for the long wait through the night, mentally preparing themselves for the battle they faced at dawn.
Gadreel spoke. "I do believe Hannah is telling the truth."
Sam straightened up, shaking slightly as he moved to prepare the next injection. Cas watched from the doorway as he readied the syringe. "Look, We can't stop doing this."
"Well I'm practically human." Cas admitted, finishing off his burrito. "I heard angel radio before, when my brothers and sisters were calling out in enough numbers. I haven't heard it since, so I believe my connection to it is very weak."
Cas dug his hand into the fabric of Dean's over-shirt, fighting a mental war with himself on whether or not to move away. He tried to hold onto the pain knowing what the hunter did to keep him alive. Of seeing Hannah's face. But it was hard when he was close, and warm, and so very Dean. He didn't resist when Dean pushed him backwards until he was pressed up against the support column.
"It's the best we have. Cas and I will hole up here and you can go make sure Kevin and the former king of dicks are settled."
Dean squeezed his good arm quickly in a show of support before he began to check the gauze to be sure the injury hadn't bled through the wrapping. Once he was satisfied with that he grabbed the thermometer off the table and pressed it to Cas' forehead, waiting for the telltale beep. "Well, that's a little better." He said with a nod, showing Cas the 101 degree reading.
Cas managed a weak grin. They'd both been to hell, this couldn't hurt like that. Before he could think of a decent response, the piston activated and the dash began to lift off his leg. His mind whited out in pain, and it took a few moments to realize that the screaming he heard was coming from him. Hell or not, his new mortal body hadn't experienced much pain, and he felt like his nerve endings were on fire. Angels felt pain so infrequently, and he had to admit, never like this. None of the dulled angelic pain came even close to this.
"It takes a little while to get used to."
"This is just you trying to trick me into stopping, and it isn't going to work." Sam walked forward with the blood in hand.
Finally after what felt like days, the hunter dragged himself to his feet, pulling himself into the car. He started her and turned back away from the cape, heading towards the coordinates Cas' gps were telling him to go.
"Yeah, let's worry about you right now, buddy." Dean insisted, trying to get the current conversation away from him.
Dean rolled his eyes. "I've had worse."
Dean nodded stiffly, knowing that Kevin just wasn't comfortable staying around the bunker with Sam gone, and he couldn't blame him. "Yeah, okay."
He jumped as a fireman knocked on the window next to him, and he turned his head, making eye contact as he continued to hold the freezing hunter close to his chest.
There was the edge. Sam knew he was treading carefully now. One wrong move and Dean would lose control of whatever composure he was forcing in place. That wasn't what he was going for, so he tried to backpedal a bit. "Yeah, that… I didn't mean anything by it… I was just trying to make sure you were okay."
"And when did they leave?"
Dean took a deep breath. "Uh…right." He turned the beer bottle over in his hand, absently running his finger along the edge of the label, smudging the condensation forming on the cold glass. "After… well you know how hard the trials were on Sam…" He winced slightly as he felt Sam's eyes on him. "I…"
Dean snaked a hand around Castiel's shoulders. The other slipped under the overcoat and suit coat, trying to coax them off the angel's shoulder, Cas shifted slightly, preventing the hunter from removing his coat. Dean gave up after a second, and instead pressed their bodies even closer, his arm wrapping around Cas' back.
." Cas insisted. "Or at least, it wasn't all you." He rubbed his thumb back and forth on the hunter's temple, his hand still pressed against the side of his face. "Come back with me… we'll start to make it right."
"Cas is hurt." Dean replied quickly.
"Can. You. Teleport?"
"It has never meant anything." Cas tried to explain. "A motel was always a place I waited for you and Sam to finish sleeping so we could continue. I never stopped to appreciate what it really was."
"Dean, this buys us time." Sam spoke up. He tried to keep his voice as even as possible. "We have those sigils that should easily contain a knight of hell."
"How can I help?"
Dean considered this for a moment. "Yeah?"
He saw the flare hit it's mark, and heard it's screams as it went up in flames. Cas fell from the tree, hitting the ground hard.
"Yeah, I know that. I wasn't really sure where to start. Both of you sort of scared me."
Dean didn’t comment when he came out in his own sleepwear. He simply walked over, taking the half of the bed closest to the door. Cas took the hint, following him to the other side and laying beside the hunter.
, Malachi. I'm not lying. Metatron used me."
"I'm doing better already. And Cas will be fine. I got two arms, he's got one leg. I mean Sam, there's two rooms in this whole cabin, what is the worst we can get into?"
"What do you remember?"
Sam thought, now more than ever before, he looked like a wild animal caught in a trap. He braced himself, knowing it was likely the anger would be swift to follow. Dean used anger to protect himself. The more vulnerable he was, the angrier he'd get. And Sam was determined not to let it scare him off.
"Came on about ten minutes ago."
"What do you mean?"
Dean turned his head to also look out at the abandoned town. With the businesses closed down for the night, the town itself was deserted. "I don't know."
"Besides. I'm not letting you touch my baby until you have the basics down. So this is a good time to start."
Dean managed to look up, making eye contact with Cas who was looking more than a little worried. True to himself, Dean managed a toothy grin, though that only served to highlight the blood in his mouth. Cas found himself staring at it, leaking out the corner of his lips, coating his teeth, concentrated in the cracks. "Nice… of you to… join me." He panted, grimacing and losing the last push of bravado he had.
"Even feeling that way, you got yourself out of purgatory."
"We will need to secure him more thoroughly." Cas said softly, unable to process what just happened.
He was so focused on the mission he almost missed the small sniffling sound echoing from around the bend. He froze, glancing at Cas before gesturing and moving forward with him. He rounded the corner with his gun up and found the source of the sound. He immediately lowered his gun before dropping his flashlight slightly, allowing it to illuminate the space indirectly.
It took Sam by surprise. The expression was so foreign. He looked happy,
"I look forward to the experience."
He didn't try to force Dean to say anything, instead simply leading the way back to the car when they were done. This time when he turned onto the road he had no clear destination in mind.
"Good."
"Your damn shoulder is infected, you idiot." Dean snapped, feeling instantly guilty for taking out his concern on Cas. "You were burning up, passed out. Had to get the fever down."
"Never." Cas replied with no hesitation.
Cas and the hunter took off, crashing back into the forest, their instincts perfectly in tune with each other. For a moment they were back in purgatory, fighting alongside each other against the wild animals in the night. They both began scanning the area for a defensible position as they ran as fast as they could.
Cas didn't comment. Instead he seemed to settle in, letting the warmth of the coffee help him wake up fully.
Dean glared at him. He walked over to the shelf, dragging a volume out of the dusty row and glancing at the cover. "Yeah. The Importance of Charting Deer Migration in Winter Jerky Preparation. Riveting stuff." He dropped the book to the ground. "There better be a laptop in that shipment."
"Squirrel. Long time no chat."
Sam hesitated in the doorway. "Of course." He slipped out.
Maybe,
Dean had already tried talking to him, but it was clear in this dream, Cas couldn't see or hear him. So he kept quiet, trying to make sense of it all.
Sam squinted up at him, reaching over and turning on the table lamp. "He called?"
Cas shut his mouth, feeling a flash of hot shame as he was reminded that Dean wasn't wrong. He watched Dean pull a box out from under the workbench, starting to pull varying chains out. He set his mouth, trying to watch Dean for any indication of what exactly he was doing.
Cas' eyes widened. "The bunker? So soon?"
"We could wait until morning."
In turn Cas gripped Dean's hand, finding the pressure an anchor, one he desperately needed. He looked down, trying to calm his racing thoughts. Not for the first time in these past weeks he cursed the strength of human emotion. Feelings came on so fast he usually couldn't even tell what prompted them, and they were so strong they felt as if he would be crushed under their weight.
Sam hesitated in the doorway. "Of course." He slipped out.
The hunter sank to his knees, the pain across his body overwhelming, but Cas pushed through it, ignoring the blade sinking through his shoulder to take an opportunity to kill the last.
Each time both Cas and Sam fought to hide their growing concern and unease.
"I'm good."
"You did not just last thirty years in hell Dean, you lasted thirty years of non stop torment specifically designed to prime you to break and begin the corruption of your soul."
"Yeah, I'm fine Sam." Cas assured him. "Go. I'll call if anything seems wrong."
Cas frowned. "He talked to me for a while. It was like it dawned on him during the conversation. At first he did not know what happened. And as he realized he sort of… accepted it."
"I'm not."
"Yeah Sam, I get it." He zipped the bag shut, tossing it aside roughly, trying to let out some of his frustrations without letting go completely. "You know, these aren't all of the same priority level."
This wasn't quite as extreme as a god-trial induced coma, so he figured he could make do without the bags of hotel ice to make a proper ice bath. That was for extreme measures, he didn't think putting Cas into shock was worth the payoff.
Dean rolled his eyes, sending a sideways glare at the demon. "Yeah? And why is that?"
Cas decided to let it go for the moment. They could figure that out later. For now he resigned himself to settling into the chair and waiting for the other hunter to arrive.
"My vessel at the time." Cas said simply.
Dean winced. He thought in silence for a few minutes. "If Theo's grace is burning through you… what does that mean?"
Dean was pretty sure Cas was actually breathing, not just for appearances. And the longer the day wore on, the more weary Cas seemed.
Liam sniffled, thinking about his words and considering if he wanted to believe him.
"I do not require food." Cas said simply, without looking up from the book in his hand.
Dean popped the other cup into his mouth before looking up and catching the angel's expression. "What?" He asked, mouth still full.
On top of that, his head was killing him. If this was a cold, he hated them. He had felt less bad in moments before he had actually died. Cas shut his eyes as white hot pain shot through his body, seeming to come from everywhere and nowhere at once. His stomach turned, and he fought to breathe through the attack and let it calm down again.
"Moose! Good to hear the band didn't break up after your recent misadventures. And nothing can, except one thing. The first blade."
Cas remained silent for a moment, working alongside the hunter, waiting to see if Dean had anything to add. He sighed, deciding to be direct rather than play games. "Sam told me you struggled with holding the blade… or rather with letting go."
"Nah. Besides, you're good company." Dean dismissed.
His punch was met with a muffled grunt of pain, and the lamp at the bedside table was flicked on. Dean's racing thoughts began to finally catch up with his surroundings. Bare walls, empty desk… this wasn't his room. This was Cas' room. And the bloodied face blinking up at him was… "Cas." He breathed, moving forward and grimacing. "Shit… sorry."
"Yeah." Dean said, distractedly. "Eventually you get hurt in enough hunts, CPS starts to think something is wrong with the way you're raised. Eventually when I got hurt on hunts it was easier to let me heal at Bobby's and skip school for a couple months than deal with cops at the hospital."
Dean considered this for a moment. "Yeah?"
Meanwhile Paka seemed to have made the cabin her home for now. Cas didn't question or remind Dean when the evening came and Dean did not put the cat outside. The hunter didn't say anything, but two days later a fairly large box of cat supplies arrived at the small cabin, and the angel had his answer, even if it wasn't said out loud.
He sighed.
But they weren't. Cas becoming mortal, his brother almost dying, the angels falling,
"Dean?" Cas shoved the phone securely at his side, reaching a hand up to grip the hunter's shoulder.
Cas didn't stop to ask before laying two fingers on Sam's shoulder, healing his wounds before turning his attention to Dean. "What happened?" He asked, reaching out to heal him as well.
Dean looked up at him for a second before turning his head away, feeling a touch of shame about needing to call on his help.
"Castiel. You cannot think this is going to work." Dean started, growing agitated with the continued silence, especially as the scenery faded into the darkness of night and he no longer had anything to focus on.
"Away." Cas replied simply.
Dean let himself catch his breath for a second, his heart pounding in his chest. He was soaking wet, his flannel shirt weighing down his limbs to feel like they had bricks tied to them. He held his arm protectively across Cas' chest, feeling his breathing, keeping careful count of the beats of his heart. He let Cas' head lean back almost on his shoulder, and he pressed his own head to the side of the angel's forehead, feeling the fever start to ever so slowly come back into being managed.
Thank god Dean decided to turn off the lights before closing the curtains, from this angle, the Omega wouldn’t be able to see his silhouette lurking behind the curtains. Dean smiled sweetly as he watched the Omega leaning out of the window, sadly looking up at the stars while a soft lighted lamp illuminated his perfect form.
The Omega took a deep breath, exhaling slowly and coming closer to Dean, his pointy nose — which was adorable as fuck — hovering above the Alpha’s scent gland. “Dean.”
Gabriel got up from his seat, cursing underneath his breath for barely reaching Dean’s shoulder even on his tippy toes. “Word of advice. Keep teasing Cassie and eventually he’ll break, and you better be ready for when he does.”
Castiel quickly tended to everyone, receiving happy smiles from sweet Omegas and speechless welcomes from love sick Alphas who adored Castiel more than their own life.
big, the Omega’s hand couldn’t hold all of him but that didn’t stop Castiel from pressing the heel of his hand against the monstrous cock that seemed to be fattening by the minute. The Omega held Dean by his cock, gently guiding the Alpha around while Castiel turned in seat, pressing his back against the island and spreading his legs open, inviting the Alpha in.
At Sam and Dean’s age, they should have been mated and having litters of pups, assuring the future positions of their little Alphas who would come in command one day.
“Dean Winchester.”
On behalf of Dean Winchester and myself, we’re both very sorry.
Each pup would adopt the Omega’s eyes but bear Dean’s strength and good looks, yet the Alpha was getting ahead of himself, there was always time to dream about the Omega being fully pregnant and carrying Dean’s pups.
Dean was ripped away from the fence.
The Winchester Company had five divisions: Marketing, Finance, Operation Management, Human Resource, and IT. Under Henry’s ruling, there were hundreds of Omegas occupying every department. A wonderful triumph in Henry’s book. While the Alpha was president, his second in command was his son, John Winchester.
Dean rolled his eyes. “They always are. Alright, I’ll go see them. Come on, Cas. See ya later, Garth.”
Life sucked balls.
As if Lucifer would ever let Castiel leave. But then again, whatever Lucifer didn’t know, wouldn’t affect him, right? The Omega really liked Jack and honestly, what was the harm of going out tomorrow with his new best friend? And besides, Lucifer was working late tomorrow, he’d probably get home by midnight which means that Castiel could spend the majority of his day with Jack and come back at reasonable time.
Then Dean’s vision went from the Omega’s super sensitive rosebuds to Castiel’s cock.
Before the Omega knew it, he was greedily being yanked backwards. The Alpha slid his fingers in between Castiel’s ass cheeks and
. “Um.”
But there was a change in the air, Dean could feel it. Not only was his body betraying him in the most dreadful ways possible but his eyesight was going wack as shit, and his head was worryingly unstable but aside from shitty symptoms fucking up his system, the Alpha felt a stirring sensation at the base of his stomach, burning its way down to his monstrously erect cock.
, Dean wanted to covet the Omega as if he were the most rarest and purest diamond found amongst the mountains. Dean’s heart was wildly pumping against his chest, skipping a beat and going faster by the minute.
“My condolences. It sure must be lonely for you, perhaps I can help you with that.”
But acquiring job positions that involved zero actions dealing with sex, was a struggle for Castiel and Garth. The two Omegas were smart but intelligence never secured their chances in getting the rightful job positions that they deserved. Usually whenever they tried applying for a job, they were easily dismissed without a job interview or they were offered to work in a job position with lower pay.
That was a nice little speech you gave, let me return the favor and give you a speech of my own.”
Dean couldn’t believe his luck, how was Castiel so fucking perfect? “
Dean tried to kick away his little brother when Sam managed to crawl on top of the Alpha, they were slowly inching towards the elevator and making a huge spectacle of it with heavy grunts and lame punches directed to one another. Sam managed to pin Dean down, using his entire weight to keep the Alpha in place.
Castiel took the compliment and bit his lower lip. “So are you.”
How fucking rude.
When Gabriel pulled Castiel to his full height, Dean felt the air rushing out of his lungs.
So, sacrificing his own body for someone else’s was worth it or at least, that’s what Castiel told himself every night.
Crowley was showered in affection and adoration by demons, his first and personal favorite creations from hell. The amount of devotion given to the Alpha king was just another wet stroke to Crowley’s overgrown ego. The family business was simple: send demons out onto the earth to make deals with humans and collect their souls as a bargain price.
And his lips,
close to attacking them. Like a predator does to their prey. Natural and instinctive, on a scale that favored the scarier side.
the Alpha could feel Castiel’s slick dripping down to his balls.
Dean faced his mother, anger embedded in his features. “
Dean licked his lips, enjoying the way Castiel’s eyes followed his tongue. “I can be yours if you want.”
Failing horribly at keeping still, Sam approached Castiel with nervous hands, patting down the loose strands of hair and taking in the Omega’s scent again, which made the Alpha smile anxiously as he finished fixing Castiel’s hair. “There you go.”
Unlike demon Omegas or angel Omegas, human Omegas had it worse. Human Omegas were useful for non committal sex, a quick fucking session that usually began with rape. Human Omegas were more delicate, vulnerable, and susceptible to cruel tortures like bearing bruises, scratches, painful bite marks, and unholy abuse.
“Keep it together, man.”
to be your hero.”
Sam and Dean were hovering by the window, looking down at Castiel meeting with another person who must have been waiting for him, for the Omega brightened up immensely at seeing this apparently better person than the Winchesters. Both Alphas scoffed in displeasure when their sweet Omega jumped into the arms of another; Sam and Dean bared their teeth, preparing themselves to challenge their opponent for Castiel.
Although the sound was small and easily ignored by those who didn’t pay attention, the Omega screamed painfully when the Alpha entered him. After that, the Omega was being thrusted up and down against the window. Things became rougher when the Alpha began to bang the Omega against the window with every thrust given to him.
The Omega was furiously blushing, speechless at the obscene remark when Sam appeared beside Dean, pushing his older brother to the side and only hearing a string of curse words slipping from Dean’s mouth as the Alpha basically rammed himself into a leather chair.
Sam was sitting on one end of the table while Dean sat on the other side. Sam was looking out the window, his eyes scattering over the various buildings surrounding them with his feet resting on the table. Sam was barely hearing the words leaving Dean’s mouth, his older brother’s voice going over his head.
Castiel smiled, pressing them tightly against his body and ignoring the sensation of two swollen bulges poking his sides. “I love you both so much more.”
. So, Dean turned away from his bedroom and went downstairs to the kitchen.
Bobby and Rufus snorted, Rufus patting Dean’s shoulder. “You keep telling yourself that.”
“Maybe they’re not friends.”
Castiel could smell it, they were relocating to a new town. Previously, they lived in the city. Castiel liked the city; it was loud, busy, and pregnant with moving bodies. But towns, especially small towns were the Omega’s biggest fears. Castiel got into this whole situation because he grew up in a town, a poor piece of shit town that harbored the horrors of his childhood memories.
John was struggling to speak. “I don’t mind but aren’t there cameras here? Won’t the owner get mad?”
Gabriel began to cackle like a hyena. “Trust me, Cassie bear is shy and odd but man, he’s a demon in the sack. I think you two might hit it off.”
. Dean hated himself,
The Omega looked down at his romper, pointing towards his name and smiling innocently. “Guilty as charged.”
Castiel couldn’t help but admit that the Omega boy was really sweet. “Oh, that’s not necessary. You don’t have to help me carry this. I’m sure you’re tired and you’d rather go home.”
Dean would give anything to be with the Omega right now; protecting him, loving him, and worshipping him like the divine creature he was. Just how in the fucking hell did his angelic Omega end up with a shitty excuse of an Alpha like that? Dean had no idea but he’ll be damn sure to make the Omega fall in love with him.
Whatever the fuck ever, Dean wasn’t in the mood and simply opening the door was welcoming a deadly temper waiting to be triggered.
With the hunger of a starved man and the gentleness of an Alpha making sweet love to their Omega, Dean dove into the crook of the Omega’s neck. As soon as the Alpha pressed his nose against Castiel’s scent gland, Dean could feel the barriers withholding his sense of control breaking down to rubble. The Alpha snarled recklessly, scarily rushing into the Omega and tightening his hold on Castiel.
Dean was definitely going to expose the devil hiding inside Castiel and Dean definitely wanted to be on the receiving end of that revelation.
thrived in giving every rent boy a choice to sleep with who ever they wanted.
, and the sight before Dean confirmed that behind the innocence reeking through the Omega’s pores, there was a naughty angel waiting to be ruined. “Playing hard to get? Isn’t that a little rebellious for a sweet virgin like yourself?”
the Omega was already lost in them and no way in hell did Castiel want to find his way back. The sight that came next was lingering, a small thanks to the flimsy glow of the sun that radiated in orange waves. The ray of the sun sweetly ghosted over the Alpha’s eyes, like the way a temptress would tease their paying customer.
You’re my new best friend. Are you doing anything tomorrow? We can go somewhere, hang out, and get to know each other a little better.”
The customers; Bobby Singer, Rufus Turner, and an Alpha who was new in town entered the diner. The three Alphas chose a corner table, Rufus and Bobby sitting together while the younger Alpha sat by himself.
Sam and Dean stopped fighting, knowing only too well who that voice belonged too. Frozen on the floor, Dean was currently pushing the side of Sam’s face with the palm of his hand while Sam was pulling at Dean’s hair with a rough force.
that Lucifer probably abandoned the Omega on the floor, preparing himself to sleep and not caring about the sniffling sounds escaping the Omega’s heart throbbing mouth, made the Alpha see red.
Gabriel dragged Lucifer to his feet, pulling the Alpha by the collar of his jacket and leading him out of the diner.
There was another horrible epiphany haunting Sam’s consciousness, this Omega could be the Alpha’s potential mate and already Sam fucked up, the mere force he used to cage in Castiel, forcing the Omega to endure an incredibly uncomfortable situation was completely uncalled for.
Sam and Dean were about to argue when Castiel interrupted them. “Mr Winchesters, if the way I look or as many Alphas would call it, my
The Omega tried to pull his hand away but in return, Lucifer tightened his grip on Castiel’s wrist, “I’m flattered and trust me, you are handsome but I’m not interested.”
Dean began to punch the wall repeatedly; anger was seeping through every hit and the Alpha didn’t stop until the wall was ruined with fresh blood and large cracks. Dean stepped away from the mess he made and stared at the darkened window next door, toxic guilt was eating him alive.
With John sitting at the head of the table; Sam on his left, Dean at his right, the meeting began. “Welcome everyone. I’m sorry for springing this unplanned meeting, I promise this won’t happen again. You all know how much I despise uncoordinated events that can potentially ruin our work schedule for the day.”
you feel so nice, Cas.”
Dean snorted, shrugging his shoulders. “Oh hey, aside from us fighting for this Omega. Let me introduce myself. Dean Winchester, at your service.”
“Fine Sammy, let’s see who manages to win Cas first.”
Gabriel groaned unpleasantly at the amount of green piled on his plate. “Cassie boo, what the hell is this?”
That insanely sweet scent unveiled the raw lust buried beneath Dean’s chest, the Alpha’s canines were sharpening at the prospect of leaving behind an angry bite mark that reeked of an Omega being rightfully claimed by a rogue demon. Dean wanted him, he wanted him
John stepped away from the car, coming closer to Castiel. “Hi.”
Dean was basically whining and purring, he could feel his mother’s nipple thickening with milk and the little boy growled when his mother’s milk seeped through the hospital gown. “I want milk mommy. I want
Alpha boys were not mated already.
Once Garth got a better look of the mysterious person trailing behind the Alpha, the Omega clutched at his heart, throwing his head back and loudly shouting, “
Sam smiled wickedly, tightening his grip on Castiel’s face and pressing his erect cock against the Omega’s hip.
The Omega smiled softly, holding the flowers against his chest. “I’m Castiel. Novak. The Omega who lives next to you.”
The sound alone seemed unholy and unnatural, somewhere, in the faraway part of the Alpha’s mind, he felt sorry for the poor bastards that had no other choice but to hear his painful grunts. Yet another part of him, the egotistical and prideful Alpha part, was rejoicing at the power Dean had in reducing anyone from a normal human being into a quivering creature that lived within the structures of fear.
The Alpha moved in the direction of the sun and the bright light illuminated the Alpha’s iris’. All the Omega could see was green.
Lucifer landed on the ground with a loud
The impulse to covet the Omega was violently screeched to a halt when the scent of sulfur penetrated his nose again. The corner of Dean’s mouth began to twitch in atrocity, pushing the Alpha to bite down on his tongue and ordering his Alpha instincts to go choke on a dick. The booming shouts in his head demanding the removal of the acidic scent invading his home was growing in volume, instantly giving Dean a major headache.
John growled hungrily, baring his teeth as his broad hands cupped Castiel’s pecs, pinching the Omega’s thickly rounded nipples and drinking in the beautiful sounds escaping Castiel’s full lips. The Alpha grabbed the lapels of the Omega’s romper and with a rough force, tore the front of Castiel’s romper apart.
The Omega stood on his tippy toes,
The sharp and unfriendly sound made the Omega whimper, without knowing what to do himself, Castiel wrapped his arms around his body. The Omega was searching for his home, a place of safety even though the four walls that surrounded him everyday were poor excuses of a true home.
Castiel moistened his chapped lips with his tongue, Dean following the movement. “I wish I could. Perhaps another time.”
Whatever opinion you think I have of you, it’s wrong. If anything, I’d rather everyone humiliate me than let anyone see you for what you’re not.”
. That scent, it was rare, unique, and it belonged to Dean. Dean blinked and his black eyes were gone, jade iris’ back in place.
Since then, rogue demons have abandoned their homes in hell and decided to coexist with humans on earth. Thanks to Henry Winchester, rogue demons began to dominate certain areas to their liking. The changes in small towns were evident; rogue demons marked their territory by changing small family towns into lustful parties from hell.
Dean turned to face Castiel, an apology on his lips when the words ‘
Dean wanted to be unavailable to anyone who tried to reach him. In short, he wanted to be a grumpy grouch. The Alpha had the whole day planned in his head; entering the kitchen, eating every single item found in the refrigerator, and sleeping the whole fucking day because he was so damn tired. Dean’s wish was about to come true when the doorbell rang abruptly.
hear the whimpering screams of desperation, and Dean could certainly taste the amount of blood coating the Omega’s face.
Donna introduced the man to Sam and Dean. “Mr Novak, this is Sam and Dean, the rent boys you asked for. Sam and Dean, this is Mr Novak.”
Dean rolled his eyes, imitating Sam’s voice. “
Why was his mind blanking out on him?! Then, mentally bending over and letting out a relieved sigh, the Alpha remembered that he bought two bouquets of flowers for the Omega.
The Alpha growled lustfully, the sound more animal than human. Dean’s cock was throbbing impatiently as he ripped his fingers from Castiel’s mouth, roughly spinning the Omega around. The Alpha pressed Castiel’s back against his chest, one massive hand wrapping itself around the Omega’s slender neck while the other hand was possessively holding onto Castiel’s waist.
But this time, the Omega would fight back. Castiel dealt with this kind of abuse with Lucifer everyday, he will not stand to be insulted by another Alpha. The Omega’s chest kept rising and falling, the tears threatening to spill over were being held back, if anything, Castiel wasn’t going to give Dean the satisfaction of seeing him cry, of being vulnerable and open to being slashed by the Alpha’s sharp words.
Henry was credited with the commencement of
Call it, primal Alpha instincts but Dean would know when
Alpha towering over him. Castiel felt slightly intimidated by the huge Alpha with piercing blue eyes, a
Crowley alongside with his mother Rowena, were business partners and they were always alerted of multiple requests that were explicitly written by well paid customers who desired to sleep with the rent boy of their choosing. If the rent boy in question decided not to sleep with the suitor requesting their services, they would not be judged nor forced to sleep with anyone they rejected.
“No… I um… I wanted to know — if you — um — if you…”
Sam smiled a toothy grin. “His romper is so
Dean nodded, hugging his younger brother one last time before letting the Alpha go. “Get the hell outta here, bitch.”
This wasn’t what the Alpha came here to do, this wasn’t a fucking porn video waiting to happen.
Rufus followed after his friend, grabbing a clean rag on the way. “Mated Omegas are no joke, especially ones that are abused. Those bruises on Castiel’s face, they look fresh to me.”
Mouth dripping with salvia, pheromones thick with heady arousal, muscles tensing beneath his skin, and canines ready to pierce through Castiel’s scent gland. The Alpha immediately gripped the Omega’s curvy hip, slipping his rough fingers beneath the waistband of Castiel’s pants. Dean’s colossal hand burned like red hot fire, his fingers digging into Castiel’s
Rufus gave a charming smile to Castiel before releasing the Omega’s hand and smacking the back of Dean’s head. “Are you jealous that Castiel likes me better than you?”
What the hell do you think this is?! Are we on vacation? I doubt it! Now, come on, you old fart and help me with this damn car!”
Dean stood up, walking towards Sammy and leaning against the table. “Yes, please.”
Castiel felt himself drool; it was like floating in the middle of a green ocean or perhaps swimming in a pool of lime green happiness or walking amongst a garden filled with olives that pulsed with a brightness that Castiel couldn’t handle by himself. Truly, the Omega found the Alpha’s eyes mesmerizing, Castiel wanted to see those eyes every morning for the rest of his life.
“Is that supposed to make you less interesting?”
“One of the many things I was forced to learn. To keep myself busy and to remain sane.”
Sam gave an epic bitch face to Dean and subtly stepped on his older brother’s foot, making Dean groan in pain. “
With a deep breath, Castiel began to push with everything left inside his body. Castiel let out a grating scream, the Omega was crying and yelling at the top of his lungs. Across the hall and into the waiting room, Dean heard his mother’s screams and without thinking it twice, the small Alpha ran towards his mother’s room.
Dean scoffed, lightly punching Sam’s arm. “You’re such chicken shit, bitch.”
Castiel could easily taste the moment when the trigger of a gun was being pulled back, the poisonous and malignant gunpowder was triggered to explode with the drop of a lighted match. A hurricane of flames licked at the Omega’s body, torching its way through Castiel’s pores, and imprinting itself at the base of his existence.
Not one, two
Sam nodded. “Of course.”
Luckily, the older Alpha took the hint and gave a tight smile. “I don’t mind. Take him to the back where our first aid kit is. It was nice meeting you, Castiel. And can I just add that you’re extremely gorgeous.”
done. “
Castiel nervously bit down on his lower lip. “And why is that?”
Both Alphas smiled at each other; Dean waited for Sam to get into his car and waved goodbye to the younger Alpha. Sam gave a small nod, taking one last glance at the house next door.
Dean grumbled, embarrassed to say that he was watching Castiel’s reaction the whole time and the minor interruption of being pushed made him lose 30% of his masculinity, so the Alpha straightened up and gave Garth a dominating look. “He’s my next-door neighbor.”
“Are you sure about this? I don’t want you to think of me as someone —“
It took Castiel a second to realize that the Alpha before him was probably the security guard.
The Alpha flared his nostrils — dramatically in fact — and
Gabriel pouted like a child, proceeding to stomping his feet, a tantrum clearly waiting to be thrown. “
Dean turned to face Castiel when he was roughly being spun around. “No, you see here,
Before Chuck could finish his sentence, Gabriel was jumping on top of him and kissing his father’s cheek. “I’m getting fucked! Thanks daddy-o!”
And that realization stung. Dean wanted to become the Omega’s world, he wanted to give Castiel the freedom and happiness that he deserved. The Alpha wanted to show the Omega that he was worth bleeding for. Dean would do anything to demonstrate that there was nothing wrong with Castiel, that the Omega was beautiful and no matter how cruel life has been with Castiel, the Omega was still worth loving.
“Aren’t rogue demons usually interested in their own kind?”
Gabriel looked at Dean for a while before his eyes came to rest on Sam, it was painfully obvious that Gabriel wanted Sam and without really asking for it, Dean had to witness his younger brother eye fucking Gabriel.
the Alpha really wondered how far that blush could go.
A booming and intimidating voice spoke over Sam and Dean. “
Henry always believed in the personal touch, making contact with other employees no matter their secondary gender, the Alpha never cared for that. Henry believed in respecting everyone equally. In all fair sense, Henry was way ahead of his time. Bypassing prejudice Alphas who treated Omegas and Betas like they were filth, sex toys, and slaves.
The Omega felt weak, fragile, and beaten down. Castiel couldn’t stand it any longer. Even worse, the Omega kept hiccuping and his throat was starting to hurt. Castiel drank down his salvia, willing away these fucking annoying hiccups. This was stupid, all of it was so
Omegas were not bred to be barbarous animals, they weren’t designed to take all the aching vexation of wretched tribulation that sadly, most Omegas were familiar with. They were created to be loved, desired, and worshipped. Not for sadistic pleasure or cold-blooded abuse. And that’s what made the Alpha even angrier, the mere confirmation that the Omega next door was not only a victim but a trapped survivor.
excited to see Castiel.
, was the name of the diner. The Omega checked his phone, 8:22 am,
, Castiel squirmed with burning need.
Everything that Sam stood for, his opinions of Omegas deserving better and being treated equally was thrown out the window, the Alpha violated his own beliefs and that made Sam feel even worse.
“Actually, I’ll do you a favor, instead of crying and begging to be saved. Why don’t you change things up? For your sake, of course. Take all the beatings like you were meant too, let him use you however he wants too. Let him rape you, Cas. That’s what you like, isn’t it? Maybe you should just accept that you like being the cock sucking whore who gets raped by him every night, whether you’re prepped or not.”
Dean was already running towards his mother while Sam shouted, “
Dean closed his eyes and cursed at himself, what a huge fucking dickbag he was.
But the Alpha hoped that the pain would be less in the morning. Dean began to put away the first aid kit, clearing the kitchen island from any evidence of blood-stained towels or blood-stained cotton balls. After putting everything away, the Alpha miserably walked up the stairs, entered his bedroom and gracelessly face planted into the mattress.
Lucifer groaned, not responding to Gabriel and pissing off the Alpha even more.
At the declaration of Henry’s opinions, the Alpha believed that he would stand alone, a dying wish that would easily come true. Never did Henry think that half of hell would stand by his side. The greatest ending to a new beginning. That day, all hell broke loose. The war between demons was bloody; half defended Crowley’s honor while the other half defended Henry’s will to break away from hell.
Dean leaned forward, rubbing at his temples. “Sammy, this is the world we live in, okay? Yeah, it sucks for Omegas but what can we do. Dad’s running this show, not us. If he wants Omegas working here at a low pay grade and at a lower rank than Alphas and Betas. Then who are we to contradict him? He’s our dad but also our boss. Come on Sammy, being a softie won’t change anything.”
Gabriel saw nothing but red as he faced Lucifer, the diner becoming intoxicated with lethal pheromones reeking with rage and murder. “Boys, step away this piece of shit and keep your mom company.”
Then another wave of pain tore through Dean’s body, the Alpha fell to the ground, savagely gripping the carpet and finding the idea of shredding the carpet into pieces, very appealing. But without really paying attention to his actions, Dean was desperately sniffing the carpet, burying his nose deeply into the scratchy fabric and growling in displeasure.
Once Castiel finished unloading everything on the conveyor belt, the Omega took out his wallet and tilted his head in confusion when meeting the boy’s excited expression. The Omega boy seemed terribly ecstatic to see Castiel, which confused the Omega even more, no one was ever
close to being mean and hateful with Castiel; offending the Omega, calling Castiel derogatory names, anything that could possibly hurt the Omega and force Castiel to leave for good.
Who are these hotties in our house?”
too seductive friends and finally having Castiel to himself.
Sam and Dean already memorized the Alpha’s scent; there were heavy traces of oceanic fragrances, intoxicated with sea salt and damp wood resting over the lapping waves that came every second. The two boys hated that smell. That scent belonged to Benny Lafitte. He was an Alpha cook, he worked with Garth in the kitchen but to Sam and Dean’s annoyance, it was painfully obvious that Benny liked Castiel.
And neither was the Alpha fresh, he kept his hand way above the Omega’s bouncy ass and never ventured further than Castiel’s lower back. But
Dean parked Baby in one swift motion, pushing open the car door and immediately being ambushed by all his friends. The Alpha received gruff hugs and excited greetings. As always, Sam was left behind. A few rogue demons waved at him but many decided to ignore him and pretend that he didn’t exist.
Castiel felt his stomach dropping to his feet, an eerie silence fell in between them. The Omega could feel his throat clogging up. Castiel wanted nothing more than to breakdown, to fall into the shattering pieces that made up his life while slowly bleeding out. But somewhere inside the Omega, Castiel knew that he wouldn’t do that, not in front of Dean Winchester, the ultimate killer.
The doctor smiled, “The baby’s fine.”
Sam cleared his throat, not believing what he was hearing. “So, what you’re saying is that we need to hire elevator workers to push a button because other Alphas can’t do it themselves?”
The Alpha could hear his instincts howling at the top of his lungs, scratching and fighting against his chest. Pushing Dean to
Then, as if a hot blade went through Dean’s chest, the Alpha grabbed a handful of the Omega’s hair and dragged the Omega inside. The Alpha threw the Omega inside the house and with a deadly glare, the Alpha looked back at Dean and Sam, snarling lowly and giving them a faraway warning to stay away from
Funny, isn’t it?
The Omega tilted his head to the side, cerulean blue eyes squinting in confusion. “I suppose, if you consider 11 am being an early bird?”
Castiel smiled prettily, the bruises and cuts on his face were completely healed. “
and start a new life with someone they loved.
This wasn’t fair! The Alpha wanted Cas, the real
to get this family’s attention. And all of a sudden, this family is requesting you both to stay at their luxurious mansion for an entire week. Do you have any idea how much money were going to make?”
Dean approached Castiel in an authoritative manner, making himself larger and intimidating while enjoying the look of coyness playing at the corners of the Omega’s big blue eyes. “Yeah baby. Besides, maybe you can let me play in between your legs and I can let you know how you taste on my mouth.”
The Alpha snarled and began to eat his salad, the first taste made Gabriel want to vomit. “I’m not fucking Thumper, ya know.”
tight pants and embarrassingly clenching his ass cheeks together, forcing himself to not produce any more slick. “Mr Winchesters?”
. Fuck this.
Castiel walked towards the kitchen, hearing from a distance how all three men were excited to being married to the Omega. Though after eating their breakfast, the old men would wave Castiel goodbye and then the next day, they’d forget about their wedding with the Omega and ask Castiel to marry them all over again.
Dean continued inhaling the Omega’s scent and
“Yeah.”
Castiel growled in return, baring his teeth and breathing rapidly. “
Ever so slowly, Dean released the Omega’s hands, the palm of his hands sliding down Castiel’s arms until he reached the Omega’s hips. “So soon?”
“Oh, come on, Sammy.” Dean snorted. “What’s wrong with that?”
With a final glance to John, Castiel walked away with their orders. Bobby, Rufus, and John admired Castiel’s beautifully plump, round, and voluptuous ass swaying from side to side, especially in that romper. The three Alphas sighed in bliss; they were in heaven.
Castiel pushed himself away from the counter, his features morphing into multiple expressions that consisted of being offended and hurt. “Excuse me?”
Lucifer smirked, trying to steal a kiss from Castiel’s mouth when Dean ripped Lucifer away from his mother. “He said get the fuck off him!”
Bobby frowned. “Well, even though you didn’t spend enough time with us. Let us spoil you for a bit. This is the best diner in all of Lawrence, Kansas and the waitress here is —“
Dean gave a mischievous smirk, walking away to get a clean rag and sending Bobby a devilish wink, leaving the older man in pure wonderment, never knowing what happened between Dean and the most ravishing Omega, Dean has ever known. Dean went across the repair shop, keen on finding a new set of rags to use, enthusiastically greeting Garth and high-fiving the Omega.
If for some shit reason, the person ringing his doorbell was hostile and pissing off the Alpha even more, Dean was certain that he was gonna start throwing punches sooner or later. The Alpha wasn’t even half way down the stairs when the doorbell rang again, this time, the pressure against the doorbell seemed hesitant.
As of right now, the Alpha still wanted to hurt himself, the pitiful infliction of splitting open his knuckles was not enough pain for him, not nearly close enough. But what could Dean do at the moment? Nothing. Besides wait until the morning light came the next day, promising the chance of a better day.
Sam’s scent was finally being revealed. It was completely different from Dean’s because the older Alpha radiated a scent that was a mixture of the most sinful element known to earth: fire. Dean’s scent was destructive, fatal, and chronically irresistible.
Dean walked forward, leaving Sam behind. “Move bitch, he’s mine.”
Dean was idiot. “I’m Dean. Winchester. Your neighbor from next door.”
The Omega nodded, giving a loving smile to Gabriel. “Thank you.”
The doctor began to pull Dean away but this time, the little Alpha snarled so loudly that even the nurses were shaken by the sound and before Dean could do anything else, there was a soft voice speaking to him. “
And for the cherry on top, there was an adorable apron wrapped around Castiel’s curvy hips. There were cute little designs of angels with bright yellow halos and chubby bees with palpitating pink hearts representing their eyes. At the top of the apron, there was a twisting of sparkling gold thread forming the following words,
The Alpha was being pushed over the limit, an insulting remark that assured Castiel’s departure was at the tip of his tongue. So close,
Sam snorted, shaking his head. “Is it so wrong that I want to share my first time with someone I actually care about? Like dude, its not in me to chase after Omegas and having one-night stands with them. And then dumping their asses the next day and repeating the cycle all over again. That’s not me, that’s you.”
Dean’s choice of clothes wasn’t exactly making him the hottest Alpha on the block.
The broken sound leaving the Omega’s lips made Dean crumble, there was that pit of anger rising by the second at knowing that Lucifer made Castiel into a petrified victim, the perfect example of a submissive Omega with no choice but to endure pain and humiliation as a reward. “No.”
This was ridiculous he wanted to fucking —
That’s all Dean ever saw in a span of closing his eyes for three whole seconds. A nightmare that haunted the torturous corners of his mind. The Alpha widely opened his eyes, instantly lifting himself from the bed and having no other choice but to pace back and forth like a wild animal being driven to accept the iron cage as his new home, reaching one end and clawing at the traitor who forced him into a small confined space, then turning to reach the other end.
taller than his brother; his chest was thicker, sculpted muscles dipped and curved around Sam’s pecs, his shoulders were broad like the mountain ranges stretching from one side to the other, and his biceps were straining against his suit, the potency of his stamina was intimidating and Castiel could feel himself being rendered to a pile of quivering bones that desired to feel the Alpha’s godlike body against the Omega’s smaller frame.
Why couldn’t demons kill whenever they pleased?
Castiel looked at Lucifer, gaining all the courage he could before lowly whispering. “Don’t you think its better if we move into another city?”
Dean’s animalistic growl vibrated against Castiel’s skin, the Alpha used his free hand to wrap his fingers around the Omega’s starry raven locks, keeping Castiel in place while darkly snarling out, “If you keep talking like that angel, I might just be tempted to hear how an angel screams.”
Castiel coldly cut off the Alpha. “Shut up. Just
“Isn’t that for me to decide?”
Before Sam and Dean could beat the shit out of each other, Castiel cleared his throat. “Well, Mr Winchesters, thank you both for the
It was no secret that Castiel was cursed, doomed in fact to suffer the abuse that Lucifer constantly bestowed upon him. The Omega’s thoughts about himself were twisted by the Alpha’s words of ridicule and disgust, giving Castiel a low opinion about himself. It always started that way, Lucifer cruelly offending the Omega with vicious shouts and ending the session with a bloody beating.
Man, sue Dean, but the Alpha was just so darn happy. Today is literally a great fucking day! And today was Thursday, usually Thursday’s sucked ass because it was a step closer to Friday but not really. It was an illusion to those who needed to believe that Thursday would zoom by quickly, when it never did. But today, a damn Thursday, was Dean’s favorite day.
The Alpha looked back at Castiel. “Ha! That’s one way to put it. But don’t worry, he’s weird but you’ll grow to like him.”
knowing what Dean wanted for himself.
Dean was quite pleased with John’s change in the company because now, Omegas had no other option but to obey every command given by the Winchesters. Sam, on the other hand, took after his grandfather, Henry Winchester. The Alpha believed in his grandfather’s point of view; adopting the personal touch, respecting Omegas, and offering Omegas the chance to work in any job position without judgment.
Dean possessively lapped at Castiel’s scent gland, drinking down the Omega’s aroma as if he were a lost traveler seeking water and gratefully stumbling upon a waterfall, greedily drinking down every drop and never stopping. Sam, on the other hand, was sucking at Castiel’s neck; his teeth were gnawing into the Omega’s flesh while his lips were covetously delivering an intense suction to Castiel’s skin, as if the Omega were a fruit and Sam wanted nothing more than to tear Castiel away from the fruit’s skin, sucking down every drop of sugar until Sam’s mouth was spilling of the Omega’s taste.
That question alone reduced John to a babbling mess. “You. I mean,
“What?”
To affect the Alpha even further, Castiel timidly dipped his finger into the perfectly formed whipped cream flower designs that decorated the pie and sucked his finger clean, looking up at Dean with a cute smile on his face. “Like it?”
While still hugging their mother; Sam and Dean squirmed in their seats, a carnal passion was building inside them, burning their organs and scarring their insides with a forbidden desire. This vigorous disturbance pushed Sam and Dean to blindly rub themselves against Castiel, to ease the painful need of releasing themselves all over their mother’s body.
the Omega was sopping wet. Dean slipped three fingers inside of Castiel and the Alpha couldn’t believe his luck, the Omega was already prepped and open. But just because he could, Dean fingered Castiel until he was a mewling mess.
to reach the Omega in his own way. But instead, he was sickeningly greeted by the nebulous void consuming the darkened shadows swallowing and crushing the bright halo that illuminated the Omega in such a virtuous and holy way.
Dean let out an animalistic growl. “
It was obvious that Crowley made large amounts of money by simply owning rent boys and selling them off to customers who would pay any price to fuck them. That idea alone made Sam and Dean doubt their decision in accepting Crowley’s offer. After exiting the car that picked them up and drove them all the way to Crowley’s brothel, they stood before two large Victorian doors decorated with spooky knockers shaped in the form of evil demons.
playboy who doesn’t appreciate lovely Omegas like yourself. He’s hot headed and thinks with his dick most of the time. But if you accept the position here, I can promise that I’ll be watching over you and making sure that you’re always respected.”
Dean sure fucking hoped so. And the idea of having pups with this Omega,
Dean appeared by the Omega’s side, clearing his throat and staring the older Alpha down. “Rufus, this is Castiel, my next-door neighbor. Cas, this is Rufus, a no-good flirt of a mechanic.”
Jack pulled his hands away from the Alpha’s chest, biting his lower lip. “Will you be, okay?”
Dean rolled his eyes, letting out an exaggerated sigh and taking reign of the situation. “So, aside from Sid and Nancy fighting like three-year-old girls. Do we all agree with this new decision?”
Immediately, judging by the boy’s soft features and small body, Castiel knew that the boy was an Omega. And apparently, the boy was enjoying a nougat bar. Oddly enough, Castiel really liked that brand. Castiel began to place his items on the conveyor belt, mindlessly trying to get this over with while being oblivious to the large smile spreading across the boy’s face.
Of course, they were cockblocked by some asshole.
young, his features resembling that of a child instead of a teenage boy.
angry at the moment.”
Easy peasy like a breezy.
“Really? Did I win the marine’s heart so easily?”
Castiel could bake like nobody’s business. The Alpha didn’t realize that he closed his eyes because a moment later, his eyes were opening up to the sight of the Omega blushing harder than a red rose blooming during its season. Castiel was so fucking sexy, it was unbelievable how pretty he was and something inside of Dean’s chest began to tighten up.
brother!”
there, Castiel was a beast and although Dean was never one to judge by the length of some dude’s dick. Dean couldn’t help but be open to the idea that if Castiel had a monstrous cock hidden beneath those dress pants, then Dean wanted Castiel to whip that colossal thing out and destroy him completely.
Then, as if Castiel knew how to push the Alpha towards the edge, the Omega slipped Dean’s large fingers into his mouth, sucking each digit while moaning obscenely. “
Then the Alpha thought back to his day, when he was a douchebag to everyone, he was constantly, blindly in fact, searching for an aroma that could ease his fury.
But the scent almost became unbearable to Sam because the Alpha looked in the direction of his older brother and caught the next pungent wave of unadulterated mania. In a few seconds, Dean was walking down the steps to his home and walking in long strides, keen on jumping the wooden fence separating him from his beautiful Omega and beating the shit out of the Alpha that
Sam stood up, enraged at having his opinion revoked by his father… again. “But dad!”
Omega. This asshole didn’t deserve to live; he deserved to bleed, to feel pain, to feel the way Dean would break his bones slowly, and the Alpha abusing his Omega deserved to feel the way Dean would carve into his chest and rip his heart out.
What the hell was wrong with Dean, fuck the pie, he needed to run after the Omega and apologize for being an absolute shit head.
to sending the Omega away when Dean steered himself back on the road, taking the wheel in his hands.
And to make his point even more embarrassing, Dean never realized how much he needed the Omega’s
“They are.”
Even if Dean
Omega crying at being raped so horribly? Did Lucifer hurt him even more, choosing the darkness as an advantage to continue on with his brutal abuse?
What am I about to eat?”
And of course, the Alphas couldn’t ignore the beauty of the Omega’s gorgeous skin: pale, snowy, unblemished, unmarked, untouched, and pure. The sight of soft skin begging to be marked by Sam and Dean’s teeth were causing both Alphas to experience the slight pain of their canines sharpening to penetrate Castiel’s scent gland, ravenous to tear apart the tender flesh and taste the Omega’s blood.
And everyday, Castiel would flirt back, his innocent yet naughty remarks always earned him a sheepish blush from every Alpha. The Omega never minded that these sweet men forgot about their daily conversations with him. Castiel thought it was cute, bless their old Alpha hearts. And as expected, the Omega was always asked the same question by each and everyone of his old admirers.
After a few seconds, when the Omega managed to breathe again, Castiel faced the Alpha. “
Omega still lying on the floor, bleeding and left uncared for? Did that asshole even help him up? Dean already knew the answer to that question and
The Omega felt himself becoming wet, the Alpha could smell it.
Yeah, this might actually work. “I don’t have anything planned for tomorrow, so whatever you want to do, I’m fine with.”
Castiel was a little overwhelmed by the rising escalation of being best friends with Jack. Since the Omega could remember, no one has ever wanted to be his best friend, let alone just be his friend. Jack was probably Castiel’s first and only friend he’s ever had, yet he couldn’t really understand why a
flustered and quickly averting his gaze elsewhere.
Without voicing their consent of allowing the person to enter their room, the door was busted open by a petite woman with fiery red hair and a beautiful smile on her pretty face. “Boys. We have finally hit the jackpot.”
the Alpha could see the outline of a thick vein popping out.
“Do you really trust me that much?”
How pretty would Castiel look with love bites scattered all over his throat and collarbones?
soft tummy, the beautiful curve of his pec, the soft bump of a hardening nipple, and finally resting the palm of his hand against Castiel’s cheek.
prettier than him, to be his best friend? The short answer, the Omega simply just didn’t know.
Since the dawn of time, hell has been spawning the infernal creations that roam the earth.
Lucifer swallowed down his pride, “Got it.”
That was a fucking lie.
Dean gave a bone chilling laugh, eyeing Sammy as if he were an obstacle waiting to be removed. “And you think Cas is gonna want you? A sissy Alpha acting as Cas’ knight in shining armor who wants to give him free will?”
The Alpha went towards the Omega, lifting the Omega onto his feet and punching him, again and again. The Omega was bleeding all over his face, long strings of dark blood stained his chest and the Omega seemed dizzy, all the fire inside his body had been watered out. The Alpha smiled evilly, easily spinning the Omega around and pinning him against the window.
Rowena giddily made her way towards Dean’s bed and sat next to him, motioning for Sam to come and join them.
To think that the Alpha’s lips would be hungry for the Omega, hungry for his touch, hungry for his body…
Castiel couldn’t deny the delicious tingle running up and down his spine when hearing the Alpha’s deep and husky Louisiana accent. The Omega shakily grabbed three tissues and took the cup of water that Benny was offering to him, wiping away his tears and embarrassingly hiccuping while drinking his cup of water.
Another wave of sweetness.
“You’re beautiful.” John blurted out.
fragrance.
What the hell, man? This couldn’t be right, if this was Castiel then Dean was epically boned, which he wouldn’t mind if Castiel offered to do. But in all seriousness, the dude’s hotness was illegal. He should consider suing. But of course, to make things even more foolish for himself, Dean could faintly feel his knees becoming wobbly and frail, and since he was wasn’t reacting fast enough, his knees — without his permission — became weak as hell and to his embarrassment, his legs were buckling beneath him.
The Alpha was grimly stomping towards his Baby, grouchily ripping open the car door and sliding into his leather seat, turning the key and bringing the engine to life. Dean was tired of everything, he didn’t want to know about the existence of anyone, if the world was about to end at this very moment; he’d gladly sit back, pop open a cold beer, and watch anime porn because why the fuck not.
Sam stepped forward, taking Gabriel’s hand and pressing a soft kiss against Gabriel’s knuckles. “I’m all yours.”
While Dean‘s cock would move in and out of Castiel, he wanted to feel the thorns of desire against his skin. The Alpha wanted to enjoy the sight of the Omega marking him as his Alpha. After all, Castiel was Dean’s grassy little garden of heaven, a place where the Alpha wanted to stay with the Omega and worship him like the angel he was.
flesh, branding the Omega’s hip and pushing Castiel further against the wall, if that was even possible.
Castiel, not sure how to respond back, mirrored the gesture and sweetly said, “Hello.”
“Where did he touch you?”
The changes made specifically to the Omega workers in the company were welcomed by two different reactions. Like father like son, Dean was the spitting image of John Winchester, taking after his father’s thoughts, beliefs, and twisting them into his own. Dean shared the common view of Omegas being the lower class of their secondary gender but never disrespecting them.
Lucifer chuckled in a darkly manner, tracing his abusive fingers up to the Omega’s soft and chapped lips, smoothing his thumb over the warm plump flesh. “Be a good doggy and stay in the car, I’m going to check and see if our stuff made it here on time.”
So, like good inherited family traditions, John Winchester took to heart the importance of keeping the Winchester bloodline clean and married Mary Campbell, another pure blood demon. After five years of marriage and true love, John and Mary Winchester bared two Alpha sons. Sam and Dean Winchester, Sam being the youngest and Dean being the eldest.
