“That’s fair,” Jack says. “Wait here. I’ll let him know you’re here.”
Whoever thinks that is very wrong.
“Probably,” Castiel says. “I do work here, you know.”
"Fuck off, Benny," Castiel snaps.
“Are you sure?” Castiel asks. “I mean, all he did was shoot an armed robber and take a few candy bars. He might’ve actually
Castiel raises an eyebrow. This is an interesting tactic.
Jack gestures for him to follow. His lips are moving, but Castiel can't hear a word he's saying from in the car.
Castiel shakes his head. “He does want to leave," he says. "I don't think he'd tell you if you didn't ask, but he does. The Vamps scare the shit out of him. As long as they're here, he's never going to feel safe." And he’d never admit it, either, which is the worst part. At least when Castiel decided to leave, he could admit it aloud because Sam was in the same boat. If Castiel’s not around, Jack doesn’t have any kind of support system like that.
They lose sight of limo guy when they park, and that's the end of that. Castiel still thinks it would be cool if it was Ryan Reynolds, but he's not naive enough to think it's possible (nor does he believe it's Taylor Swift or Rihanna or Elizabeth Olsen). It doesn't matter anyway; if it's someone cool, they'll hear about it in no time. More likely it's just an average upper-middle-class person (or group of people) who needed a ride.
to the guy?”
“You sound so confident,” Charlie remarks. “I wish I had that much faith in… well, in literally anything.”
, I can't even imagine how much it sucked for you, having to see Dean Winchester again. Take a day to recover."
Castiel frantically throws his sweatpants on. There's no time for boxers; hell, there's not even enough time for a shirt. There's a soft knock on his bedroom door, and he kicks Dean's clothes under his bed. It's one thing to have his own clothes on the floor, but if she saw flannel here, she might have some questions.
"Charlie?"
” another voice asks. Another
“Look, I’m just saying,” Castiel says, “I feel like we should have seen at least
CastieI sighs. "Will you at least give me your dad's number? If you pass out from blood loss, I'm going to call him."
Jack sniffles. "Are you sure you're not making this up to make me feel better? Because that doesn't sound like Dean."
!" CastieI practically yells.
; they don’t do a goddamn thing to dull the pain.
"I prefer to keep my sexuality private," Castiel replies, knowing damn well that that's not at all true and not at all what she meant.
“Visitors,” Gordon says, and Castiel is surprised whoever’s on the other side of the door doesn’t recognize either of them. Off the top of his head, he’s not sure he’s ever met any female Vamps (except Andrea, of course, but he knows Benny’s ex-flame would have recognized them). Maybe it makes sense that she doesn’t know them.
marathon. He's not sure that's going to happen anymore.
Well, if he's happy about it, Castiel isn't going to stop him. He'll just keep talking and hope Lucifer doesn't change his mind. "I don't know how it's gonna go tomorrow. Dean and I are going in together —"
"Don't," Dean interrupts, and Jack shuts up immediately.
Ben reaches in and pulls a chocolate cupcake out. “Anything else?”
“Cas!” Gabriel whines. “You just got here!”
drugs, though…" Dean bounces his eyebrows.
Charlie pats him in the back sympathetically. "Well, whatever happens, I hope it works out for you."
"Dean, I think it's a little late for sex —"
"I'm on it," Charlie says, and by the time CastieI looks behind himself, they're already running to the kitchen.
. He tries to sit up
"Dean's —"
"I'm not having this conversation," Castiel declares, turning around to walk away.
CastieI takes a deep breath. "No."
a gun, but he wasn't holding her at gunpoint."
how he wanted today to go.
related, but he’ll explain all that, too.
," Jody says. "The most we
"I've kind of figured out by now that you don't trust me with most of this shit," Charlie says, "so if you don't want to tell me, that's fine, I'll make up my own stories, but can I just ask a question real quick?"
Other than a few brief texts to Charlie, he basically spends the weekend in solitary confinement. He has absolutely no desire to talk to
Because
Jack glances around. "Did Charlie go home?"
Ash raises an eyebrow. "You mean
"Leave the poor girl alone," Dean says. "She's a strong, independent woman who don't need no cop."
with Jack or something.
"Well, no shit," Dean says, rolling his eyes. "I mean why are you protecting us?”
is he explaining this to him right now?
Castiel just rolls his eyes.
"On the bright side," Castiel says, "I'll have a
"And tell him what?" Jack asks. "That I'm staying with you? I don't think so."
Castiel chuckles. At least he's polite about it. "What do you need it for?"
He runs back inside and grabs his holster, sliding his gun inside. He carefully covers it with his hoodie. It's probably best that no one see that he's armed. That's just asking for trouble.
Then again, it’s Dean. When has he ever thought
Castiel shrugs. "Probably."
"Dean's never even spoken to them," CastieI says. "If he was saying bad things about them, it's entirely because they're a cop -- and because they're my friend." He hadn't even considered the possibility that Dean would talk shit about them to the Hunters, but the more he thinks about it, the more it makes sense. He decided he didn't like them the moment they brought over cupcakes, and when Castiel didn't let him complain, he had to bring his grievances elsewhere.
Castiel just shrugs and looks out the window.
Castiel turns around to find the source of the voice. Sitting with his legs hanging out of a second-floor window with what appears to be a rifle sticking up next to him is a very familiar face, if a lot older than it was the last time they met. It’s been a long time since he’s seen Gordon Walker. The guy was only a teenager when Dean gave him the boot from the Hunters for harassing little Sammy. He’d heard rumors that Gordon had become a Vamp, but this is the first he’s seen it for himself.
CastieI's eyes go wide. He completely forgot he was still wearing that. He meant to put it in a drawer in case Dean decided to come back for it, but he never got around to it. He'd always forget about it until he was taking a shower or going to bed and too far away from any safe place for it to be worth the extra steps. It's a little late for that now.
"I think so," Patience says. She slowly rises to her feet, her hands held outwards just a little for balance. She squeezes her eyes shut for a few seconds.
So, with that taken care of, he lies back down and closes his eyes. His hands meet in front of his chest, and he reaches for his ring absentmindedly, twirling it around on his finger. He can’t wait to wake up tomorrow with a clear head and figure out what the fuck he’s going to do.
Well, on that note, wanna watch some
“Hm?” Cas hums.
"Things are starting to make a lot more sense now," she tells him. "So what did Sam want? I'm assuming he didn't just call to catch up."
s and
why Jack didn't want you to know!" Castiel interrupts.
“Nicely done, Cas,” Dean remarks, and he really does seem to mean it. For the Vamps’ benefit, he adds, “You know, I never would’ve guessed it a few years ago but there are a
Lucifer blocks the exit before he can leave. “Cas, sit your ass down in that chair
"I don't believe it," Charlie volunteers.
Castiel chucks another poker chip at him.
It was nice to see Jack again. The kid’s grown up so much, but he’s just as sweet and kind-hearted as he was when he was a toddler. It was comforting to see that growing up with the Hunters didn’t change him.
Sam just raises an eyebrow.
As he's driving her home, she pulls out what is inarguably the most personal question she's asked about his past — and right when he was beginning to think he was done talking about this, too.
“Jack defeated God and took his power and his place,” Sam explains briefly. Seeing the confused looks he gets, he adds, “It was a whole big thing.”
"I don't know who I am if I'm not a Hunter," he admits. "This is all I've ever known."
"I've been telling you to do that since Friday," Charlie reminds him, "so no objection here. Just don't let the Hunters jeopardize the mission."
Dean snorts. “Don’t tell me you
"Has anyone heard from my dad?" she asks. "He has to be freaking out. I'm
"Huh." Dean elbows him playfully. "That went well, huh?"
right where I want you, which essentially means I have all your people where I want you, too.”
“So you don’t care that I…?” Cas trails off uncertainty.
kill them?" Jody asks.
have been dating anymore," Castiel says. "Loyalty is a big thing with the Hunters. I don't know that it would have been a death sentence, but I really cannot overstate how much of a betrayal that would have been to him. I definitely wouldn’t have been welcome anywhere near him, at least."
"I wasn't protecting you," Castiel says. "I told them the truth."
"Words," Castiel replies sympathetically. At least he knows the question is about Dean, though. It won't catch him completely off his guard.
"They know it was me," Jack says, barely audible through his sobs.
CastieI crosses his arms, amused. "Please, enlighten me. Where the fuck do you see Leia?"
a good combination.
Cas drops his gaze to the ground. “Dean…”
"I have a feeling I'm going to like him," John remarks.
shouldn't have been that much of a bitch to you about it." He offers her an apologetic smile. "So, no hard feelings?"
Castiel frowns. "I'm not really 'back,' you know."
"If you want
That's some fairly flawed logic, but she
many cupcakes, you’re never going to want to consume sugar ever again.”
CastieI shrugs apologetically. At least it seems Dean feels the same way; he'd rather be with the Hunters than with Castiel. He's known that all along. He'd held out hope for a short while, but he's long since given up.
He's not sure which encounter is going to be harder. Part of him thinks that talking to Lucifer will be the hardest part. He has to explain everything — that he's had Jack all along; that the Vamps got to him; that Dean is in prison — and there's not a single part that Lucifer is going to be pleased to hear.
That’s when he hears it.
CastieI sighs. He didn't realize Jack thought this was anything more than a brief back-and-forth with Dean before he went back to his ordinary life like nothing ever happened. He feels bad, getting the kid's hopes up like this. He should probably clear things up instead of just disappearing with no warning like he did the first time.
"They deemed him a flight risk; he's stuck," Castiel says. .
"But did you pull the trigger on her?" Castiel asks, a repeat of her earlier question.
“About what?” Benny asks, knowing damn well that it doesn’t involve him.
"I would
It doesn't come.
"And you were absolutely right about that," Charlie says, not the least bit suspicious. Crisis averted. "Now c'mon, let's go do work and shit."
The expression on Jody's face seems incomplete without the mental visual of smoke pouring out of her ears, but when she speaks to him, her voice is calm to a frightening degree. "And you didn't think to mention this?"
“Like, now,” Jack says. “He’s right outside.”
their idea of a good time."
Dean groans dramatically but ultimately, he does what he's told. As he's closing the closet door, Castiel rifles through his dresser drawer. He doesn't want jeans; he doesn't want dress pants; these ones are too small; ah, sweatpants. Perfect.
"And if for some reason she's not," they add, "you just have to exaggerate how much your arm hurts and maybe she'll take pity on you."
"I, um…" He runs a hand over his face. A glance at his brother shows Sam looking just as confused as Dean feels, if for a completely different reason. Dean can't explain what he’s thinking -- what he’s
“I wanna go out to eat,” Jack mutters.
"I don't think he'd care," Jack says. "As long as you don't turn us in, it's all good, right?"
wellbeing.
. CastieI knew this was his plan. He knew Dean was trying to convince him to come back — trying to convince him that he
“Do you want my phone number or my address or something in case you need to reach me?” he asks. “Not, like, every day, but if there’s an emergency or you have another day like today or…?”
Sam knocks on the front door of what Dean really hopes is her house. A minute or so passes, and both brothers wait silently on the doorsteps, growing a little less certain by the moment. Dean glances around awkwardly, partially because staring at a closed door for too long is weird and partially because he hopes he'll see Cas off in the distance somewhere. It doesn't work, but just as Sam starts to suggest they come back later, the door opens.
Dean hesitates, but ultimately, he decides not to fight it. He slips his clothes on, and Castiel watches, silent. Saying goodbye is the hardest part. He knew it would be from the moment he saw Dean sitting on his couch. It doesn't make it any easier.
Castiel does a double take at that. "
"I've been involved in investigations for at least three of you in just the last few months," Castiel interrupts. "Losing my job would be the least of my worries." That's obstruction, plain and simple, and he's sure the DA's office could drum up a few more charges if they tried. He would've cut off communication the first time Dean came to see him if he'd been any smarter.
If Dean had known how nice Heaven could be, he would have killed himself years ago!
"I'm not giving up my people," he snaps. "I know loyalty is a bit of a foreign concept to you, but for some of us, loyalty is
him that,” Castiel wines. “I wanted to
Jody raises an eyebrow, but it’s not until Cheryl closes the door behind herself that she speaks. “What is it?”
Dean gently pushes his brother out of the way, gazing out past him at the road in the distance. Is this real? Is that…?
goodbye?"
"I don't want to talk about it," Castiel says. "I really,
"And how are your parents?" Dean asks. "How's your dad?" All the Novaks were dealt pretty shitty hands in life, but Dean's always felt like Jimmy had it the worst. He seemed like such a good guy, too.
… idea. It does seem a little overly-paranoid, though.” He looks up at Dean. “I never thought of you as the type of fear the cops -- especially enough to need an inside man.” He’s clearly skeptical, and probably for good reason. Dean wouldn’t have dreamed of sending one of the Hunters to become a cop 14 years ago when Castiel left. If this is the timeline they’re working with -- and there isn’t much of an alternative -- he has every reason to question it.
"And," Dean continues, "
"Dammit," she mutters. She crosses her arms and drums her fingers along them as she thinks. After a few moments, she looks back at Castiel. "What if you went?"
"I got hit twice," Castiel says. "It's no big deal. I'm fine."
"The only way we're gonna be together is if you leave the Hunters behind," Castiel tells him. "I told you I'm not leaving my life behind. I have too much to lose."
; Claire killed the other, but Jody doesn’t have to know that much) and isn’t going to pursue it? That’s not how the police department is supposed to work. He’s supposed to be nervous right now. He’s supposed to fear for his nephew’s safety and his freedom. And she’s just going to walk away?
"I didn't have a choice," Jack says. "They broke my phone. I couldn't call for help."
Charlie must notice that, too, because they ask Ben, “What’s
," Charlie continues.
“But shouldn’t there be
CastieI bites his lip. He shouldn't. He
"I know."
He could wait, of course. He could probably wait a few hours if he wanted to. But the longer he puts it off, the more anxious it will make him. At least if he calls now, he can get it out of the way. Then maybe he can watch some
"I don't know; that's not our field," Charlie says sympathetically. He doesn’t typically work missing person’s cases.
“If you thought he was weird, you should’ve seen the old guy,” Dean remarks. Chuck was… well, he was Chuck. Power-hungry Chuck trying to destroy the multiverse was weird, and alcoholic writer Chuck was another, equally-as-frustrating weird. There really wasn’t a very long period of time in which Chuck
"I wasn't
"He's cool, though," Sam adds quickly, noticing the looks on the girls' faces, which was admittedly the reaction Dean was going for. "He's been with us since he was born — before he was born, even; Cas was taking care of his mom for a while."
Castiel scans his car briefly. No valuables in sight. That’s what he likes to hear. He steps out of the car, then looks inside again just in case he missed something. Again, there’s nothing. He locks the doors, then tries opening the driver’s side door just to make sure it worked. This is a
he be alive?" Mary asks. "What happened?"
he likes
Charlie is silent for a few moments, thinking, before they ask, “Are you sure you don’t want to call his dad now? Whoever that was at the door earlier, they really seemed to think he was worried. Jack doesn’t have to know.”
Dean snorts. "If that's what helps you sleep at night."
"You know 'for what,'" Dean says, his mood suddenly much darker. It looks like that's the end of their lighthearted conversation. "Seriously, Cas, you gotta level with me. He's been gone since Friday and he won't pick up the phone. If he's here, you gotta tell me."
changed, and he'd be surprised if his father really doesn't see it. Last time they spoke, John seemed to think he'd changed for the better. Looking back at these last few years, Dean's not so sure about that. He supposes it doesn't matter. He just wants to forget it all and have a nice family dinner. Why is that so hard for him?
kid?” The old man raises an eyebrow. “Now
CastieI shakes his head. "You know what? You didn't follow it up by calling Padmé a milf so I'll let you live."
CastieI just shakes his head.
Castiel typically does his best to stay out of gang territory, so he’s really not sure where he is right now. Thank god Dean seems to have some general idea of what he’s doing, because that makes one of them. His eyes dart around nervously, just waiting to see a gun trained on him. Hope for the best and prepare for the worst; that’s his motto right now. But walking out here alone, not a single Vamp to be seen, is neither the best nor the worst; it’s just a needless extension of his paranoia. He just wants to get this over with.
do when they decide to pursue an outside career: keeping people like us
, but I think it's about time we get him to the hospital."
"Great," Jody says. "We'll wire you up and —"
Eventually, Charlie asks, “Were you and Jack’s parents close?”
Ellen shakes her head. “I miss when hunting meant werewolves and wendigos.”
Castiel shakes his head. “Just here to talk to you.”
“Are you coming?” Sam asks.
thing he notices is the Hunters sitting around a table, with what appears to be a half-finished game of poker between them. He scans the faces briefly. He recognizes a few of them. Dean is there, of course, as are Benny and Mick. There are three teenagers as well -- an Asian boy, a blonde girl, and a dark-haired girl. He’s not sure whether he should know any of them. If he does, they’ve changed a lot in the last 13 years. And then there’s…
Cas, a reassurance that he didn’t have the two times prior. He can make out Cas’s face now, a blank expression but eyes that follow Dean’s every step.
"Potato, tomahto," Dean says dismissively.
"Well, Winchester," Jody remarks, "you seem to have made some friends today."
"Well, fuck, huh?" Dean says, though he doesn't really seem to care. He clicks his tongue, his eyes lighting up as an idea occurs to him. "You know what we should do?"
"I'm fine," Castiel says. The adrenaline is wearing off and both his arm and his back are starting to hurt impossibly more than they had been, but he’ll be fine. He hopes.
hugged them, but it used to be indicative of something big going on. Sometimes hugs would come with apologies; sometimes they would come with goodbyes that may never have another hello. But a hug just for the sake of a hug? That’s not how his dad usually operates.
"Well, 13 years tends to do that to a person," Jack says, but there's no malice in his voice. "I've heard so much about you, I almost feel like I know you. When Dean asked if I wanted to meet you — or, you know,
But he was so casual about it. His flippant "come or not; I don't care" attitude almost makes it sound like he'd be doing Castiel a favor if he came, not the other way around. It's intriguing in the worst way and he can't help but wonder…
Claire groans. "Will you two stop flirting?"
Unfortunately, there's a line inside, so the two detectives have to stand back and wait.
"What's their leader's name, anyway?" Charlie asks. "I'm assuming you know the guy if you think he's gonna talk to you."
Dean puts his chin on Castiel's shoulder and looks up at him through his eyelashes. CastieI forces himself to look away before he finishes speaking.
It does not, in fact, break him and force him to talk.
"I mean, he's not wrong," Dean says. "It
“They do,” Castiel says, “but they don’t. It’s complicated.”
"Oh, yeah, c'mon." Castiel gestures for him to follow. “We gotta go back to the station first, though.”
Dean runs a hand through the other man's hair, tousling it a little. He takes a step back, looks him up and down again, then walks away without another word.
"Alex," Dean says, and Castiel flinches. "I'd say I'm surprised you didn't recognize the body, but…"
in a kinky way!"
"And that's just gonna make it worse," Castiel says. "I'm gonna see if they sell crutches on Amazon — unless you want something else. A wheelchair, a knee scooter, whatever you think will work best."
Jenny snorts. "You're gonna hurt
"And I don't know where you've been or what you've been up to."
"Unless you change your mind," Gabriel adds. "I mean, you know where to find us now. Maybe we'll re-hit it off so well that —"
," Charlie says, slapping him back.
kind of fun, wasn't it?" He wasn’t expecting a trip down memory lane, but this really does leave him feeling nostalgic.
"Holy fuck," Charlie whispers. "What—"
. "You should've brought him home, Cas."
The smile on Jody’s face before Dean has even reached her is enough to assure him that he’s welcome. As soon as he reaches her, they share a hug, and Dean feels a wave of serenity wash over him. God, he’s missed Jody. It’s always nice to see her again, on Earth
"I can just text you updates," Castiel says.
"You're just so…" Dean makes a face. "
"For the record," Charlie says, and Castiel jumps, "I am firmly opposed to this idea."
"That's not quite what happened," CastieI says, which is his polite way of saying
"They don't know it's you, but they know they're looking for a Hunter," Castiel says. "And they have a pretty clear picture of you, too — and, for the record, winking at the camera is
"I know," Dean says, and it's true. Cas has always seemed to like watching Dean eat his beloved pie. Dean can still picture that little smile he would always wear, showing both his adoration and his amusement. "I'm just not feeling it today. I'll see you later, though, okay? Don't have too much fun without me."
"Hasn't Dean always told you
“I know,” Sam agrees. “It’s been a long time coming.”
So instead, Castiel asks, "Why can't you talk to him?"
“Well?” Dean prompts him. “What’s going on?”
Castiel shakes his head at him. "I don't know how you got Jody to like you, but god, I wish I did." He has to think that’s part of the reason Jody was so lenient. She really does seem to like him, in a weird sort of way. Not the same weird way Castiel does, of course -- no one could like Dean the same way he does -- but a weird way nonetheless.
Jack hesitates. “I don’t know. Dean might get mad. I mean, he
Castiel chuckles. Well, that does sound like him. "Okay, you're having a
, and that still rings true come Monday morning. Unfortunately, he can only fake sick for so long before someone calls his bluff, so that's the end of his vacation.
"Why not?" CastieI asks, and it really is a genuine question. He doesn't think Jack is wrong or dramatic. He's genuinely curious.
Jody nods slowly, and CastieI has to admit, he really didn't expect her to consider it like this. It feels like all she ever talks about is stopping the Hunters. (Granted, the Vamps don't come up very much because no one even knows who's part of it. At least they have
, and do you
until now. He supposes he’d always been passively aware of the fact that he’d like to see his brothers again someday, but it’s only really hitting him now just how much he’d enjoy that. But he can’t; he knows he can’t. “But I’m not coming back.”
Castiel doesn't even flinch. He looks up at Dean, his chin raises defiantly. If he's gonna do it, he's gonna do it. The best CastieI can do is go out with pride.
She just rolls her eyes.
Dean's demeanor shifts immediately, a much more serious air surrounding him. He doesn’t answer at first, and when he finally does, all he says is, "I took care of it."
"Did he get a phone call?" Lucifer asks. "I haven't heard anyone mention getting one."
“You know what,” Castiel says darkly.
This time is different. This time, Cas’s attention is entirely focused on Jack. This time, the angel doesn’t even know Dean is here until they’re almost close enough to touch.
"Probably a spam call," Castiel says. "Could be someone calling about a case, though." Admittedly, that's a fairly rare occurrence,
Castiel glances at the time. There should be a minute or two before the cops arrive, and it would take far longer than that to explain everything to her. Fortunately for him, he has no desire to do that. He'll tell her the bare minimum and that's it.
Jack immediately perks up, proving that his annoyed speech was nothing more than an act. Castiel has to give him credit; he played that very well.
. I'm sure you'll get to meet him soon — him and Eileen."
Castiel folds that letter up as well and slips it in another envelope, which he labels "Luci." He takes one more piece of paper and rips the top half off. This might be counter-productive, drawing Dean's attention to it like that, but if it leaves less of a chance of Dean throwing these letters out in their entirety.
“Nice to meet you, too,” Sean replies. “Jody’s told me all about you. It sounds like I owe you big time for your help.”
Benny notices his gaze stray, though, and asks a tentative, “What is it?”
Dean just forces a smile. It would be one thing if he was fighting to save the world; it's another thing for him to die fighting to save Dean.
"Look," CastieI says, "I have company right now, so you have to go."
"Dean Winchester
The Winchesters turn around to see Claire walking towards them, and seeing her load a bag with nothing but candy is the biggest 'proud father's moment Dean has ever felt.
"And her three cats," he finishes. "It's Taylor, Joe, and her three cats, all right in front of us."
Jenny raises an eyebrow, intrigued. "Not Dean Winchester."
It’s Cas.
"I know you told me that I should only come if there's an emergency," Jack says, "but do you think I can stay here for a few days?"
"How would they —" Dean cuts himself off when he figures it out. "Did you tell them about Jack, too?"
“He was,” Dean insists. “I swear, he was
Dean rolls his eyes. "Yes, I'm fucking done."
"And you'd let him, right?" Jack asks hopefully.
"Six —" Jody runs a hand down her face, exasperated. "So you're telling me that the
Castiel folds the paper back up into the tiny cube Jack had made it into. He can’t bring himself to get rid of it. It’s all he has left of his brothers now. With a sigh, he stands up and heads out to the kitchen. He puts his note in a mostly-empty miscellaneous drawer where he knows he won’t lose it. He looks down at his hands. This might be the hardest part of letting go again.
“At this point, it’s out of my hands,” Castiel says. Odds are, they’ll either shoot him on sight (or within the first minute or two of talking to him, which is about the same thing), or he’ll make it out without a scratch. What he does doesn’t matter too much as long as the Vamps give him a chance.
“Okay, you’re not as excited as I’d expected,” Charlie remarks. “Isn’t this a good thing? Maybe they’ll finally take them down! Wouldn’t that be great? You won’t have to worry about them anymore!”
way to Charlie before turning his attention back to Jack. He kneels by the kid's side so they're closer to eye-level. "I'm gonna grab some ice, okay?"
people — up for
Jack's response to that is just a very amused laugh. Castiel chuckles, too, not at Charlie's guess but at how funny Jack finds it. He's so cute.
First up: Gabe.
Castiel chuckles. He might as well play along while the limo's still here. He's sure it's only a matter of time until they go their separate ways. "I hope it's Ryan Reynolds. I know he's married and all but I would totally tap that."
doesn't mean he has to tell everyone.
missed you. You could come back right now; everyone would welcome you with open arms, no questions asked."
"Mm-hmm," Sam hums, clearly unconvinced -- which makes sense, because it’s not like Dean has been very convincing.
"I've been back here for eight years and I've never seen you around," CastieI reminds him.
was flirting."
"Yeah," Castiel says halfheartedly. "That'll be great."
"What did you do?" she asks.
In the most predictable turn of events, they both yell, "Dibs!" in unison.
He shakes his head. Was that really just yesterday? It feels like a lifetime ago.
"Then I'll go tell him," Gordon says. "You can stay here and keep our 'guests' company."
Jack wipes the tears from his eyes.  "I wish you'd never left. You're like a fountain of wisdom."
? Because
to leave, and he sure as hell doesn’t know where else to go with this conversation.
sarcasm. "Well, it's either talk to you or do actual work. I think I'll stick with this." He shifts on the table and crosses his ankles in front of him. "So, how'd they finally get you?"
Dean holds a chair out to him. “Cop or not,
Apparently it's a good thing Castiel didn't tell Charlie anything earlier, because when he's called into Chief Jody Mills's office, she's called in right alongside him. It looks like she'll get to hear the whole story anyway, whether he wants her to or not. It’s probably for the best; she
No, he doesn't want to infiltrate a fucking gang. Why the hell would he?
“I mean,
And, in the end, he
Charlie nudges him and gestures with her head to the door. "Jody's here."
To say Cas seems taken aback by that would be an understatement. He cocks his head to the side, squinting at him.
have to risk his life on this, but he doubts Dean will change his mind. He wants to take the Vamps down, and that's one thing they can both agree on.
Sam pats him on the back. “Don’t worry. He’ll come around.”
here?”
with me."
He rereads the note to ensure that there are no mistakes and that it makes sense -- and realizes that his first line sounds a
"Shit, sorry," Charlie whispers.
… maybe that's not such a good opening.
"Oh." Jack frowns. "Well, do you think if I told him in a few days, he'd want to come with us? Or at least
He shakes his head. "Just long enough for her to tell Dean and me to stay put -- which we didn’t do."
glad he didn’t head inside. He’s not sure he wants to know who else is in there, and he definitely doesn’t want to face them. He’d like to avoid making this a bigger deal than he has to.
“I’ve been waiting for this day for such a long time.” Mary pulls away, her smile just as big and bright. “I still can’t believe it’s finally here.”
said," Dean mutters under his breath. Jack and Cas absolutely could have taken a few minutes off their God trip to swing by and he’s glad Charlie agrees with him, even if Sam doesn’t.
"Me neither."
their clients imprisoned.
"Well, he won't talk," Jody says.
They lapse into silence, which is probably for the best. Dean puts an arm around Castiel's shoulders, and Castiel leans into his embrace. It's just like old times — except he's not sure how sincere this is and there's a much higher chance of getting shot at any moment than there was in old times. (Once he sees their leader and remains bullet-free, he'll allow himself to believe he's making it out of here without a scratch.)
Unlike Benny and Crowley who are already by the front door, Mick and Ketch have to walk by him to leave. Ketch barely glances his way, but Mick offers him an almost sympathetic smile. Castiel responds with a small nod. Under different circumstances, it almost could have been nice to see him again, and it's oddly comforting to see that the feeling seems to be mutual.
"She thinks it's been a few days," Charlie tells them. "I don't know if we'll be able to test for them."
illegal about not kicking my nephew out of my house," Castiel hisses. "But, by all means, my brother is welcome to come down to the station and press charges. I'm sure that will go over
"You, too," he says. "Thanks for this."
CastieI, who literally parked his car here just moments ago, fights back a sigh. If someone fucks up his car in the next few minutes, Castiel is forcing Dean to buy him a new one. It's the least he could do.
“Oh, right,” the old man says, like he’s just now remembering it. “Yes, I do believe that’s something we should discuss.”
Being the very mature thirty-something-year-olds that they are, they spend the next few minutes bickering about how worthy he is of meeting Ryan Reynolds at work. It's a nice distraction from the ever-present apprehensive feeling in his gut.
"Just when I thought he couldn't get any cooler!" Charlie squeals. "Being God is no excuse, though. He can take a break from his Godliness for a few minutes to talk about
Castiel folds it up and slips it in another envelope. He writes "Gabe" on the front in large letters. I'd Dean finds it, he'll know what to do. If someone else finds it… well, it's vague enough that he's sure nothing will happen and Castiel will be none the wiser.
be walking on that ankle.
has to go now.
Castiel gives Charlie a vague outline of his conversations with Dean and Jody, but it's not until they're alone in the cat together that they really start to talk about it. It's easier when there's no one around to overhear them. They don't have to be as cautious.
for so long. It would take so much effort to even give her a glimpse into that life.
He shrugs helplessly. "I don't know. She didn't even mention it. She barely even acknowledged that I was wrong about Dean not being our guy at Target. She just… didn't care."
“You know,” Dean calls out, “you can come in. We won’t bite.”
"Aw, hell yeah," Gabriel says. "Criminal Cas is back!"
Jack does as he's told. The left side comes off easier than the right; CastieI has a feeling his hand or his wrist is hurt, but nothing seems swollen, at least. Jack holds the bloody flannel up and looks around uncertainly. CastieI just takes it and tosses it to the floor. He doesn't particularly care about the blood getting on the carpet — though he is a little peeved that he's going to have to get a new couch. Couches are
"Sounds like a plan.”
"Again,
might be where the confusion came from.
Dean shrugs. "I am."
Dean puts his cards facedown on the table. "Fold."
All Dean says is an emotionless, "No."
CastieI shrugs. That would be nice. Or, alternatively, the Vamps could just kill him and he wouldn't have to deal with any of his problems. Either one works.
Castiel gives him a small smile. "I'll do my best, but my safety is out of my hands tomorrow. It's the luck of the draw; whatever happens happens."
They stand there for god-only-knows-how-long, and Castiel savors every moment of it. This is the last thing he’d expected when he agreed to come with Jack, and he’s never been so glad he listened to a teenager in his life. At this point, he doesn’t care what happens next. He gets to see his brother again. What more could he ask for?
"God no,"  Castiel says immediately. Like Sam would ever do that. He hasn't come back in almost 14 years; he's not going to start now. "No, actually, this is where the Dean thing and the Jack thing come together. There's not going to be a trial."
Castiel scoffs. "You're not exactly the easiest guy to get a hold of, Dean, and I didn't
"Aye aye, captain," Dean replies.
Dean’s distracted yet again by movement over Benny’s shoulder, and this time, he can’t stop himself from looking. The tan he had seen earlier manifests itself as Cas -- big surprise there -- watching them from a distance. This time, though, he’s not alone. Jack is by his side, looking up at him and showing far less interest in Dean and Benny than Cas is.
"Not a clue," Dean replies. "Do you think you could get me Sam's number? It might be nice to have a lawyer."
likes salads," a familiar voice says.
“Great,” the old man deadpans.
“You’re one to talk, cop,” Gordon says, spitting the last word like it’s venom.
"Families are few and far between in that line of work," Bobby remarks. "I'm glad you both found yours."
“Ah, well, unfortunately, I had leveled up in the world,” Benny says. “Apparently when you die in Purgatory, you just wake up in a whole new one. Only nice thing about it is that you know everyone there’s died before and they can die again.”
one of you. I'm on the other team now —"
Castiel gently pulls his hands away. "Then maybe we should call this off."
Charlie crosses their arms. "I can't believe you."
Andrea looks back and forth between them. "I can tell you two have a lot to talk about, so I'm going to leave you to it."
Castiel slaps her back. "Right back at you."
want to make this into something even bigger than it already is."
Castiel got shot?), and everything is a blur from there. A lot of handcuffs are used; a lot of Miranda rights are read. He doesn't care. He just needs to hold on until someone takes the old man away.
shouldn't say it. There's got to be at least three cops watching him right now. Admitting he knows anything would be a huge red flag, and not necessarily one Jody could overlook. But Dean looks so worried…
"What?" Charlie furrows her brows. "But I swore you said Dean's been running that gang since he was a kid. Wouldn't his brother have been a kid too? And, you know,
“Dean, Castiel.” The old man nods in greeting. “It’s nice to see you again.”
"Dude, you were
Charlie bolts upright, mumbling a barely-comprehensible  "Merry Christmas!" as she does. She looks around, confused, and a smile grows on her face when she sees the Winchesters. "Oh, hi!"
"Not until you tell me what's going on," Charlie says firmly. "Why won't you bring him to a hospital? Look at him!"
"How long were you together?"
The sound of footsteps on the stairs draws their attention, and Gordon returns. "He said 'send 'em up.'"
"I saw you today. In the woods — I saw you. I think you know that, though. I think you know I wanted to talk to you, too; that's why you left. And, I mean, if you don't want to talk to me, that's okay, but at least tell me
“Good.” Charlie rolls up their window, then gives Castiel one more look. “See you later, Cas.”
Even though he
"You ever find someone?" Jo asks.
That someone ends up being Jody. She sucks in a sharp breath when she sees Castiel's arm. "I thought they hit you in the vest!"
“Did they tell you what you’re doing here?” Dean asks. “Or how? I mean, are you still a…”
Dean shakes his head. "She's only like that because she feels like you abandoned her — abandoned
taking the risk," Sam says. "Dean is."
leaving on a bad note.
fucking couch — and watching cartoons, like this is the most normal thing in the fucking world. He smiles and gives him a wave, then puts a finger to his lips.
Dean eyes him up and down from across the room, and Castiel gives him a small, awkward smile. Maybe seeing him in his old Hunter clothes will help mend things just a little bit? Bring back old memories?
independence (though he was very close to asking for a knee scooter instead just so he could zoom around the apartment). As Castiel takes care of that, Jack finishes getting himself cleaned up, and CastieI gives him some clothes to borrow while he's here. It's all much too big on him, but with a safety pin through the sweatpants to hold them up (and the sweatpants to hold up his borrowed boxers that are
That gets a small smile from her.
," they say. "You two were making googly eyes at each other just a few minutes ago."
“And to what do I owe the please?” the old man asks.
Benny shakes his head. “I’m sorry I asked.”
Charlie scoffs. "What's that for?"
Dean smiles, too, and Castiel can
careful what you say. They're a cop, and unlike me, they don't think kindly of Hunters. I don't want you to get in trouble just because you came to me for help."
"It's pretty fucked up that you're even allowed to go on a mission or whatever where there's this much of a chance that you're gonna die," Lucifer adds. "Like, you should not be actively planning for your own state-sponsored demise right now. You shouldn’t be
"We'll get him one day," Castiel says, though he doesn't believe it at all. If anyone's gonna find out where the Hunters are, it's going to be narcotics, not homicide that does it.
"Oh my god," Castiel whispers. "You're…" A smile grows on his face despite his best efforts not to let this excite him too much. He may have once loved Jack to pieces, but he's also a gang member. Still, he can't deny that this is a very big moment for him. "You've gotten so big!"
"He's not a suspect," Castiel says. "He's just harboring them."
Charlie snorts. "Busy? Doing what? Shouldn't he either be dead from old age or what or have magical powers that can get him here at the drop of a hat? There's no way he's too busy to meet his future best friend."
Castiel chuckles awkwardly. Now feels like a good time to change the subject before she can grill him about how much pain he's actually in. "So, what did you want to talk to us about? Are we in trouble?"
"Why not?" Dean asks.
“And what else have you been up to?” Dean asks, a little more accusatory than he should be but he just can’t help it. “You know, other than staring at me from a thousand feet away and making me think I’m losing my mind when no one else but Benny can see you?”
"Are you here to tell me the cops are after me?" Dean asks. "You're obviously not here for a social call, and I figure my recent triumphs have been right up your alley — and not in a good way."
the Vamps, and they're everywhere.
Dean cuts him off with a kiss, just long enough to make him stop talking. "Just this once," he murmurs. "For old time's sake."
Castiel tilts his head to the side. "Did Dean just not tell you that?"
"Alright." Benny puts a hand on her shoulder and presses a kiss to her head. "I’ll see you later.”
"I didn't steal anything, though," Dean says. "I just took back what's mine. I didn't have the lockbox key, but it was still my box. That’s all I took, I swear."
"I think I should go."
"Oh, thank god," they mutter. "I can't believe it took you this long to figure out, but better late than never."
"We will," Dean assures her.
"Life's not fair."
Granted, it was a bad dude and it’s hard to hold that against him, but still! What the fuck?
Dean sighs dramatically and turns back to Patience. "Alright, I tried."
Castiel grimaces. He'd like to think there's nothing they could do with that information, but there's always a chance that things could go wrong today. If any of the Vamps get out of here with both their freedom and their lives, this could end very poorly for Claire. He just has to hope they don't find out that it was her.
"You know where the playground is, right?" Claire asks.
a good way to get away with murder."
He only hesitates for a moment, so briefly that he's sure no one notices, before he spits out the first story he can think of. "You've got the right place, but I think you wasted a visit. He's actually a… good friend of mine… who got in a bike accident." It's no secret around the station that Castiel likes guys, so Randy doubtlessly assumes he means a fuckbuddy, which is exactly what he was hoping for. "I'd let you talk to him, but he's passed out on my bed right now."
The kid — a teen, probably, but a kid nonetheless — is sitting criss-cross on the floor surrounded by bright camping lamps with what looks like a Gameboy. When Dean and Castiel appear, he puts his game down and scrambles to his feet.
are you doing here?" Castiel demands.
Was this Dean’s plan? He’s been somewhat subtle about wanting Castiel to come back to the fold, but it’s still so
Dean shrugs. "What can I say? I'm a people person."
jail."
lucky I did not see it," he growls, "because I would put a bullet through your brain before you knew what hit you."
"Okay,
"He's so cute," Claire says. "I'm heading over to see him now. We're gonna play on the playground because I too am eight years old at heart. Wanna come? Jody and her husband are gonna be there and I'm sure they could use the company."
"Hey, that's totally fine," Castiel assures them. "Take your time. But I'm really glad you told me." With a playful smile, he adds, "And because that means so much to me, I'm only gonna eat
"Dean didn't say he's proud of you because he thinks that's how you should be acting and how you should be coping," Castiel says. "He said it because he's surprised that you are because he knows damn well that he wouldn't be doing as well as you're pretending you are. There's no shame in admitting that you're mourning. He'll understand."
"You have a kid?" Jo asks, gaping at him.
“Yes, I’m sure,” Jody says. “I mean, if he’s really a goddamn Hunter, we
?" Dorothy repeats.
"Oh, man, yeah, 'course," Charlie says, instantly far more sympathetic. She puts an arm around him as if ready to help him walk out. He really doesn’t need her help, but now is not the time to argue. "Do you wanna head back to the station?"
CastieI nods. "I do have apple juice."
Now that monsters are barely a thought in their minds, there’s already a completely different atmosphere than there was growing up. It’s different than it was as a toddler, even. There’s no ill will between his parents anymore, nor between his dad and Sam. They’re just a family now, in a way they’ve never been before.
“I’d say you guys should get a professional lookout, too,” Dean adds, “but I don’t think you have enough braincells between the bunch of you to keep that ruse up for long.”
to be there. Dean's still not sure how that bodes for the first few times he saw Cas when no one else could, but this time he
And with that, he walks out of the room and to the kitchen, where he
Castiel snatches his phone and takes it off speaker. He's not sure what this is about, but he'd be surprised if it was something he wanted Charlie to over hear.
Admittedly, he doesn't actually listen to most of what Charlie says. He catches a few words here and there, but for the most part, he's lost in his own head.
"Any time," Castiel says. "Do you want to call him and let him know you're okay?"
And Cas seems to understand just how much that cost him to admit, because his face crumples like a wet paper bag.
“Fuck,” he says, and his voice breaks.
You committed to this, and you promised him a place with you. You don’t get to dump him on someone else’s doorstep when you find it’s too hard!”
have imagined himself tearing the alpha a new one for the terrible crime of being
to him, he has looked at him with something other than lust or disgust or hatred, and had even been
Cas’s hand keeps carding through his hair at a gentle, steady pace, and it takes a while for him to reply. Any concern that he hadn’t understood what Dean meant goes away when he speaks. “That is… a
Dean feels his stomach turn. Of
Dean beams. “Thanks, Cas,” he says, and if he’s a little more enthusiastic about it because Claire is still glaring at them, sue him. He grins at her, gesturing to the door with a flourish. “Lead the way.”
way of checking to see if Dean is okay with what he’s offering. His throat feels a little tight, which is dumb, because he should be fucking ecstatic right now.
“So what?” Dean demands, shrugging harshly. “So fucking
that they are brothers and that, despite his immaturity, Sam only wants to protect Dean from a perceived threat.
“Of course I don’t,” he says miserably, unable to dredge up even righteous anger at the idea. “Of
It’s dangerously close to an argument with the man who owns him, so Dean shuts his own mouth before he can dig himself in any deeper. He knows, distantly, that he’s starting to spiral, can feel panic clawing into his chest like a burrowing rat. The chair squeaks a little as Castiel stands and Dean can feel his shoulders ratchet together.
He can’t help it – he leans forward and shakes his head and is only distantly gratified when Dean doesn’t flinch back. “Dean, you are
“Of course! He can’t be… it’s not right,” he says, stomach churning. “He doesn’t even know what he’s doing, it’s unethical to push that kind of bond onto him –”
And even though he’s done it more than once now to calm Dean down when he’s panicking, this is the first time he’s done it just
and even then he’s not allowed unless an alpha gives him permission, because he’s
He turns to look at the bathroom and sighs at the mess he’s made. The curtain rod lies askew, half the rings having slid off of it completely, dragging the shower curtain into a rumpled pile. There is glass and blood and soap everywhere.
“Of course you aren’t,” Castiel says, refusing to buckle under the man’s glare. He can’t exactly be upset with him – Balthazar is beyond stressed, and Castiel is well aware that the omega’s words tend to get as sharp as knives when he feels backed into a corner. “You’re free to stay if you’d like. You know I’m not your boss.”
him to.
Maybe he should have, though. He’s had precious few undisturbed hours over the last few days, and it’s finally catching up to him. Of course he doesn’t mind that Dean woke him this morning – in fact, he’s grateful that he had – but the truth is that he had only just managed to drift off.
at his job.
know – he’s so sure of himself, so confident in the way he says it.
“No. It was…” He’s not sure how to describe it. How to put words to the raw feeling that had rushed through him as he’d watched Dean fall apart at his feet, the
sold, they were repossessed by the state because their masters violated the law by trying to keep them.”
alpha
Castiel studies him, and while the silence makes him a little uncomfortable, it is nice to feel like he’s being listened to. It’s a foreign feeling – normally, having an alpha’s undivided attention is something he would try and avoid at all costs.
he pleads, looking at the alpha with something wild in his eyes. “No, Cas,
“I’ll go get those blankets,” he says, his voice a little too rough, and mercifully Dean doesn’t say anything as he retreats.
in this shower, both because of his exhaustion and his fear. For a moment, he wishes he could go back. Could grab his past self by the shoulders and look into those terrified eyes and tell him everything was gonna be okay.
Dean freezes, eyes wide as he looks up into his master’s tired face.
to address his fury before it got out of control. Worse, he’d contributed to it, had piled on to Sam’s snarling rage by snapping an order at him, despite knowing better than to do so.
He waits, and he trembles. But there is no sound of another man’s breathing in the room, there’s no tug of chains at his wrists or collar, no acrid scent or tell-tale soreness that would prove he’d been used. He’s been in a bed all night, and no one has touched him.
The omega rests his chin against his knees. He’s silent for a long time. “How come you’re sitting on the floor?”
He breaks off before he can ask Dean to explain himself – there’s no point. He’s clearly not all there right now, and drawing attention to his actions probably won’t help anything. Already, Dean is curled up in the middle of the tub, his arms bracketing his head. His hands are joined together over the nape of his neck, the scars on his back stark and white.
Castiel had planned on lying, because he doesn’t want to make Bal feel any worse. But he hesitates a moment too long, and Bal sees the answer in the way his shoulders stiffen. In the way he clears his throat uncomfortably. The man’s jaw tightens. “Did he put his hands on you?”
He’d wanted somewhere tucked away. Somewhere he and Sammy could be safe, hidden from the shitty world and all its shitty people, where Dean could just be himself and Sam could just be himself and they’d never have to answer to
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t like the way Sam spoke to you. The way he treated you.” Castiel ignores Dean’s automatic, scoffing attempts at self-deprecation, shaking his head when the omega tries to protest. “I don’t like that he expected you to follow his orders, or that he seems to believe he knows what is best for you without bothering to take your words into account.”
Dean already looks so vulnerable. So worn down. Somewhere in the back of Sam’s mind, there’s a little voice telling him that Dean probably wouldn’t even
She looks between them quizzically. “Didja’ finally settle down, Novak?”
Oblivious to the subtext of their conversation, Cas gives Balthazar a look that says his words are bordering on incomprehensible. “Please don’t encourage Dean to accumulate more injuries,” he says incredulously, shifting so that he’s got his hand on Dean’s arm – as though he really thinks Dean really might grab the nearest blunt object and start wailing away.
with him and also
After a moment of silence, Dean lets out a breath. His voice is quiet. “You really know places that will hire omegas? Even–”
Pam clearly isn’t buying it, but she doesn’t call him out. Doesn’t comment on the fact that the way they’re talking about this is the same way they’d talk about a
been able to process.
He doesn’t mention that the goal is for Dean to be freed, one day. That he’s already helped nearly a hundred slaves leave their shackles, if only indirectly through his money. The omega isn’t ready for that yet. He isn’t even ready for this – Dean is frozen like a deer on a highway, his eyes wide and blank, staring at him like he’s sure Castiel will be his death.
He’d had odd jobs, of course. Under-the-table bussing, serving. Few people would hire a kid, though, and even fewer would hire an omega-male to do the job of a
He’d told Dean to do something, and Dean hadn’t hesitated for a second before complying. Hadn’t even
Cas doesn’t say anything for a while. He just continues cooking, lost in thought, his arm slowly wrapping back around Dean like he can’t stay apart any more than Dean can. Dean just lets him, content to press himself up against the alpha’s side and doze standing up as the man works. It probably isn’t very convenient, but Cas doesn’t seem to mind.
Dean gave him a playful tap on the shoulder with the newspaper. “Nothin’ like arson for relaxation, huh, angel?”
been allowed to cook – and Castiel is not sure that he had – he wouldn’t have been able to touch the meals he’d created.
“‘M really tired, Cas,” he murmurs sometime later, when the seconds have stretched into minutes and the air around them feels lighter, when the sun has been set for so long that the moon is bright in the sky. Castiel nods against him, unwinding his arms and laying Dean down onto the mattress gently, and Dean feels cold without him there.
And you know, you always
It strikes Castiel like a slap that Dean likely has no
He flicks his eyes back at his friend, and says carefully, “Through… feelings of comfort? Familiarity?”
“And how would you know what that’s like, Cas?” he asks teasingly.
Dean just closes his eyes, breath too quick in his chest. He’s struggling, visibly, to come up with an answer, but he can’t – he just whines, quiet and desperate, and Castiel can take a hint.
The chapter on heats is clearly quite long. There are lots of subsections beneath the word, and he runs a finger down the list until he finds one that looks promising.
Instead of his hysteria coming out as a giggle, however, it comes in the form of a burning pressure at the back of his eyes, more shameful tears pushing out that he can’t control. He hardly feels them. He can’t even make himself nod.
fills the air as they dine in companionable silence
the man. The taller handler squints at him, and his mind backfires, trying to come up with an appropriate response. One that will seem possessive enough –
When Dean opens his eyes to the sunlight slanting in through the curtains, he’s cold.
“Not always. But…”
The quiet persists through dinner, through the evening news. Dean is more flighty than normal. He bolts his food, paces, lets little bursts of energy send him bouncing from shelf to shelf and room to room like a nervous roomba. Castiel tries very hard not to comment, or let his concern become visible as he slowly finishes his dinner and lets the omega try and work out his anxiety, whatever the source of it may be. He keeps his eyes on his plate, determined to let Dean process things at his pace.
backed down from fights. He would step in front of me no matter what it cost him. Never
And I
In the relative safety of the fitting room, he can admit to himself that a tiny part of him had been expecting something different from this trip. It had whispered that he’d be lucky to get clothes at
“Got it,” Dean said on a nervous laugh. It seemed he’d be doing most of the talking tonight. “I mean, you know. We could do some
“I. Do not.
Castiel opens his mouth to reply, but Balthazar beats him to it. “Cassie may
He does. He knows that it’s obvious he’s crying, but he can’t even dredge up the energy to be embarrassed about it. Balthazar gives him time, waits until his breaths aren’t hitching and uneven anymore, and he appreciates it more than he can say.
he says slowly. “You really don’t see it, do you?”
and everyone can see that. Even when he
His wife had left that morning with the kids, gone for the week to visit family. So there’d been no one to stop the man from getting
had sex… Well, something wasn’t sitting right.
he shouts into his own lap, eyes screwed shut, desperate that Cas understands he knows his place, that he isn’t some desperate whore who actually
what I want?”
When they crested the hill, it was clear why Scott had wanted to stop here. The monument that the park had been created around stood tall and proud, looming in a way that was comforting rather than ominous. Four pillars of white stone rose from a large, circular base, and in the center, at the top, there were stacks of large bells.
the sounds in the room whited out by the blood rushing in his ears.
certainly believes so.
calls the person out, either, and so the comment slips past like so many of them do. Unaddressed and uncorrected. Yet another bigoted person who will remain unchallenged.
The alpha’s gaze is incredibly serious, and incredibly tender. “I would be honored to do that for you, Dean.”
Dean had thought those moments with Sam would be the last times he’d ever feel
doesn’t want you to go, Dean? You should listen, otherwise you’re gonna end up with
He pushes forward when Dean says nothing. “Logically, you’re aware you’re in a different place – but physically, it feels the same, and that sets off all your warning bells.” He gives Dean a knowing look. “It’s the same thing with the bed. Being in one has not been a good thing for you in a long, long time. Your body has learned to try and protect you from that.”
“Don’t forget that Castiel is experiencing this for the first time too. The mask makes it a bit easier for him to stay level-headed. He really
make mistakes,” he simpers, pouting with fake sympathy.
It’s just baffling that
He blinks, and the man’s fear scent is
“Friggin’ starving,” Dean admits, smiling to himself. He resists the urge to joke about how he worked up an appetite – that’s probably taking it a little too far. “Breakfast?”
if they didn’t get the all clear from me, and had to interrupt the child’s education in such a… violent way. Such little security at these places… so easy to get lost on a hike or during a swim. So difficult for anyone to
He prays that isn’t the case. Prays that Sam is as compassionate and wonderful and fiercely loving as his elder brother, prays that the years Dean spent raising him – because that is
“Dean, can I-”
but you don’t own
true that Cas has only touched him there the one time, but he doesn’t think the alpha knows anything about that night where he’d… where he’d
He’s too far gone. All his master had to do was show him some human decency, and he’s completely come undone.
“Uh, because you’ll get
that little moment of realization. Castiel knows that Dean trusts him, knows that the omega believes to his core that Cas will never intentionally hurt him. Dismissing Sam, Castiel thinks, could be something that he could even
Don't forget to tell me what you thought! If you're here on a second read-through, 1) thank you and 2) you may notice a few minor edits here or there. Just going over things with a fine toothed comb!
“Not today,” he adds. “Not ever.”
He doesn’t say that he’s afraid he’ll make a fool out of himself if Cas doesn’t direct him. Doesn’t add that he’s kinda scared shitless of what he’ll do if he’s left to deal with things alone, without Cas to calm him and take him down. He trusts Cas
On instinct, because it is what he always does when he’s a little nervous or unsure, he inhales to take in the alpha’s calm, stable scent.
If he could swing it, Dean would be melting through the floor right now. He can’t, so he nods instead. “And… uh,” Cas says inelegantly, shifting a little “Are you – I mean. Because I can smell… um.”
him what they were gonna do. In fact, Cas could have told him nothing at all. Could have dragged him to the doctor by his arm or his wrist or his
Dean hadn’t even thought about that, and it hits him with a guilty jolt. The next omega that walks through these doors might have to deal with the scent of an unfamiliar alpha on top of whatever brought them here in the first place, and as good of a guy as Cas is, he knows that if he were in their place he’d be scared. So he nods, trying not to be selfish.
“They don’t care about that shit,” Dean interrupts, his voice high and a little strangled. “Come on, Cas. You gotta know better. The records they bothered to put in – those are just there because they affected my
hungry – of course he is. He is quite literally starving. The auction houses don’t feed their slaves anything above the bare minimum, and when Dean had been in legal limbo he likely hadn’t been fed at all.
” Dean begged, and to the sound of this pleading, a tone which bordered on a prayer, Cas pushed fully inside. Dean let out a strangled noise, something between a pained gasp and a moan, but there was nothing either of them was inclined to do about it. Dean clenched around him, tightening in rhythmic pulses as he spilled over and over. Cas swelled and with a low gasp, came, watching Dean fight for breath.
in his brother’s voice freezes Dean dead in his tracks. He can’t even understand what Cas says back, because Sam’s roaring tone and his dizzying, sharp as glass scent make Dean want to curl into a ball and cover his neck. Make him want to
because it would mean that
and he
He’s handled that before, and compared to what Alastair had done to him, the training center looks like a fucking vacation. Hell, he’ll
But it’s still, somehow, not enough. He could
again. But he doesn’t want to think about it, doesn’t want to admit that something had been taken from him against his will. He can feel tears stinging in the back of his eyes, but he pushes them away, Alastair’s words spinning through his head like a cyclone.
Had ducked his head down, shame pulsing out of him – had leaned his chin to the side to show his neck, submitting to him in a primal, base way. And at first, Castiel hadn’t understood. But he’d realized his mistake a moment later – Dean had been ashamed to have
The office behind the door is open and warm, and though there are no windows that he can see from here, it’s wide and bright enough to seem nonthreatening, even with the medical equipment scattered about. He recognizes most of it, though there are a few machines in the corner that make him a little antsy. He doesn’t know what they’re for, and being in the dark about things like that is not usually a good thing.
On the one hand, he’s still worried. He doesn’t want to pressure Dean into facing his issues sooner than he needs to, and deliberately working him up is not what he’d intended. On the
Dean could laugh for hours at that. He doesn’t give
Wants Cas to feel good, too.
“Alright,” Cas agreed. The smile that Dean shot him was… shy. It turned Cas’s world upside down all over again, and he was grateful when Dean tugged at his sleeve instead of looking at him. Cas was no doubt blushing. Dean pulled him up from his kneeling position and led him out of the library into the warm night. They walked straight across a little clearing, through some thick inky trees, and right up to the water's edge.
right. He’s panicking, apparently. He recognizes it with a distant sort of frustration. He didn’t want Cas to feel pressured to comfort him, and here he is, fucking
want children. Very much so. I just… can no longer give that to you. I thought you should know.”
Balthazar makes a gruff, angry noise, spinning the empty cup in his hands. “Kid’s been brainwashed. He
He takes a deep breath, scrubbing at his face. His lower body is friggin’ throbbing. Insistent that he do
“You don’t. Give
“No,” Balthazar growls, “you don’t. Dean
Cas doesn’t know personally, of course, since he has never helped foster before. But he has learned from his conversations with Balthazar and Pamela that those omegas are some of the most broken when they arrive. There were few things that hurt a person like taking away their child. Few things more cruel. Yet Dean had fully expected that to be his fate – or had at least expected Castiel to try and
“Then what did you mean?” Cas asks softly, and Dean can hear it – the earnest desire to know, to understand. It makes his hackles go down.
He waits for Dean to cautiously nod, and then goes on. “I think the
“I’m not even tired,” the alpha insists, frowning up at the ceiling. “You’re the one that should be resting.”
He’s not, though. No matter how many times he’s tried to convince himself.
Sheepish, Dean ducks his head, reaches out and tentatively picks one. He glances back up at Novak, like… like he wants
“I mean you were
Dean swallows. He… hadn’t. Or, at least, he hadn’t recognized them for what they were, too preoccupied with other worries.
He can’t think about it anymore without wanting to cry and he’s done more than enough of that in the last few days, so he rubs a firm hand over his face and stumbles to his feet. Footfalls silent once he gets feeling back in his legs, he pads toward the kitchen, puts his plate next to the sink, and tries not to think about the one he’d broken into a million pieces.
Dean hardly tastes the first bite – he crams it in and swallows it down and it feels like cement dropping into his stomach. Then he waits, watching the alpha out of the corner of his eye.
Slowly, Dean opens his eyes gain, stealing a glance at the alpha. His shoulders are hunched as he stares out into the water, a tight frown on his face. Dean sits up. As much as he trusts Cas, he can’t quite lay back with his belly exposed next to a pissed off alpha.
Balthazar taps his foot a few times before giving in, pushing himself off the wall with an irritated look on his face. “I hate it when you’re right,” he grumbles, stalking around the corner with a lingering, warning look at Sam.
“Dean,” he murmurs, fighting to keep his voice steady, to keep the low growl he wants to let loose inside of him and his hands to himself. “It’s alright. Deep breaths.”
The thing is, he’d never thought of them as things he should be proud of; just as stuff he
Intent on apologizing for his ineptitude, he clears his throat. Dean speaks before he can.
Sam bites out.
than anything – about Dean gaining his freedom. Arguing – saying
to know. But if
Dean dramatically flops himself onto his back, groaning. “I’m just tryin’ to get through
The crushing weight lifted, bit by bit, and so did Castiel’s guilt. Maybe this was okay. Maybe he
Nobody raised him, not really. Nobody showed him how to be kind. But fuck if he wasn’t anyway,” he chokes out, scrubbing at his face. He wipes his nose with the back of his hand, sniffing. “Fuck if he wasn’t
It takes a long time for Dean to stop sobbing, for his chest to stop heaving up and down. Shuddering every once in a while, he breathes raggedly through his mouth, air hot and humid against Castiel's skin even through his shirt. He doesn’t let go, doesn’t loosen his grip at all, and so Castiel doesn’t move either.
They stand there together in the middle of the kitchen until something starts to boil over. Cas reluctantly steps back, but Dean drops his hand down and leaves it in the alpha’s, not interested in any sort of distance between them right now. Cas gives him a grateful, soft smile, and Dean feels like he just stepped into the sunshine.
His stupid bitch brain is screaming at him to cozy up to his fucking master and scent him and touch him – never mind that the alpha, the only person since he was sixteen that has ever
The alpha has most likely packed his shit and is gonna spend the next week in his office at the center, and Dean is going to be here all alone,
“May I ask why you didn’t come down for breakfast?”
Benny doesn’t answer his question. Instead, he asks one of his own. “Does Castiel force you down below him?”
he’s pretty sure he’s not going to get away with sitting here for the rest of the hour in silence, especially now that he gave in and started talking.
“You should be sleeping,” he finished lamely instead. Cas tried not to whine when Dean’s hand lifted from his shoulder. Tried not to shiver at the sudden cold spot.
the heat of the blow that’s about to come.
wants his scent again. Wants to be held. He’d had just a tiny taste of security and he’s already addicted,
Castiel grabs him by the back of his shirt reflexively, attempts to lift him to his feet – his
to be touching him – yet he also desperately needs to have
him to.
Right now, he smells like everything Castiel has ever wanted. Sweet and inviting, apple pie and vanilla ice cream and fundamentally
It feels like it takes a very long time to reach it, but he’s there before his cowardice can suffocate him. He crouches quickly. Blind, from this angle, he has to lean awkwardly to the side and paw at the cold concrete until he can feel the edge of the card under his fingertips. Fumbling, hyper-aware of his shaking hands, he nudges the thing until he can slap his palm over it.
anything at all... it makes Dean’s heart feel too large in his chest, somehow. Like it’s going to come bursting out of him.
in the air, both men in the room tense and unsure. Dean more so than him, obviously, but even Castiel feels off-kilter. He grips his fork in his hand like a weapon and tries to parse out what he’s supposed to say to convince Dean he will be safe here.
a split second later when he envisions the way Dean would have looked at him. How terrified he would have been.
hadn’t even trusted him, and his dad usually had a bullshit detector ten times stronger than his own.
Crowley purrs. “And who says he has to be sixteen? Who says I need
you. Do you know how much that scares me? You smell safe. No one’s ever smelled like that before, not to me. Not since I was a kid.”
idea Dean was going through that.
would be going.
Balthazar hums right back – half
And there’s an
Dean sniffs. “She told me the same.”
But that feels like a lifetime ago.
“Well that’s too bad!” he snaps back, a little angry. He can’t help that he’s in pain. He can’t
on the idea of freedom, Bal. More like he understands that he’s
fault that his baby brother was almost kidnapped and fucking
“Hey!” he shouts, ducking as she leaps forward again. “This is supposed to be
lie to her. She’s got a right to be pissed.
They’ve tried to break his spirit for years. Turns out the only thing they’d never done – show
longer than what would get him punished under normal circumstances. When she motions for him to bend, he forces himself to after a long moment, his own breath harsh and loud in his ears. She’s crouched behind him when he turns around to look and that makes him feel better – makes him almost forget the ghosts of hands gripping his neck or clawing into his back or pulling at his mouth when he’s been in this position before.
in order to… fucking
He carries the two plates upstairs, careful to make quite a bit of noise as he goes so that Dean knows he’s coming. The omega should have every opportunity to send him away.
be reversed – a choice that he thought he had come to terms with a long time ago – that’s something Cas has the power to make null and void. That’s something he
He isn’t a kid anymore, and he isn’t fit to take care of anyone. He’s just a tiny little fraction of a person that is, first and foremost, someone else’s property; a plaything that is meant only for the enjoyment of its owner. When his owner
(See the end of the chapter for
It hurts to say, and he knows by the way he flinches that it hurts Sam to hear.
(See the end of the chapter for
Even with his untrained eye, Dean thinks he can see a few of them. He remembers that crack in his shin, at least, and the rigid splint the trainers had slapped on it when he’d been returned. Too expensive for his owner to fix, even though he’d been the one to break it in the first place.
There is a beat of silence between them. Dean can feel his heart pound a bit harder in his chest, can feel flickers of anger somewhere deep inside of himself. He doesn’t even know who he’s angry at. Doesn’t know
He starts shaking. “Why – why did you – ”
The first and greatest comfort Dean has ever known.
“Stupid ain’t it,” Bobby disagrees, and while his tone is a little gruff, Sam can see right through it. “More… tragically optimistic.”
The pile of dishes in the sink is starting to look like the Tower of Pisa, and Castiel can’t help the flash of embarrassment. “Ah. I apologize for that… I’ll admit I don’t really have much experience with the clean-as-you-go method.”
allows himself draped over him from head to toe. It’s still daytime – the sun hasn’t even begun to set – but he and Cas had eaten an early dinner, and he knows by now that he’ll be alone until morning. So he indulges his weird little urges far more than he ever has before, far more than he probably should.
When Hannah is done, she stands and brushes her hands off on her pants. “You’re thin as a rail, my dude. You’ve gotta let me in on whatever diet you’re on.” She’s obviously joking, trying to put him at ease, but Dean’s face goes disturbingly blank at the casual remark, his hands balling into fists. Hannah looks at him curiously when he doesn’t reply.
Castiel closes his eyes for a moment, drawing in a slow breath. He doesn’t want Dean to speak ill of himself, no. But he’d rather the omega avoid it because he
he would, honestly, because of the way Sam had treated him. But, to his surprise, Balthazar had trailed him out to the parking lot and taken one look at the Impala before narrowing his eyes at Sam consideringly.
Now, Sam is wandering around a supermarket, following Balthazar as he shops for groceries. Sam himself hasn’t been much help – earlier, he’d apparently been looking a little too much like a “lost puppy,” and Balthazar had shooed him off to the produce section to pick out some fruit his brother would like while he answered a call from Castiel. Sam hadn’t had the heart to tell him that he didn’t
A muscle in the kid’s jaw twitches. “Alright, I get it,” he growls. “You can cut the crap.”
He does as she asks, drawing in a deep puff of air and holding it for a moment. “Please hurry.”
Dean feels his lip rise up from his teeth, but he doesn’t get the chance to respond before Jody does. “Cool it, kid. You’re mad at me, not at him. Stay focused.”
“It’s actually nice to talk to someone who’s as smart as you are,” Sam said instantly, ever the positive influence. “Trying to talk to Dean about stuff is like talking to a tree sometimes.”
and when the alpha presses a soft, chaste kiss to Dean’s brow, he’s not even surprised.
Maybe they thought he could handle it because of his normal state of being. He’s been accused of being robotic and emotionless and even cold, before now, often looked down on for his lack of the stereotypical alpha passion. So if this is what that passion feels like, he’d rather do without. It’s like there’s some unrecognizable predator snapping and snarling inside of him, and he
sorry –”
him. Dean felt
Sam looks pained. “I’m just – if he’s taking advantage of you –”
“Dean,” Castiel says, almost exasperated by the omega’s misplaced concern for him. “Please don’t apologize to me for a perfectly reasonable reaction.”
“Wouldn’t know it,” Dean jokes. It sort of falls flat in the seriousness of the atmosphere. “You made me feel safe. Fuck, I mean. You blasted all the shit that was messing up my brain into the atmosphere. I haven't been that calm in…”
Castiel shrugs. “It has been a… trying day.”
“That’s funny,” Dean said, “Because I was enjoying talking about things that are actually
to act like a good little bitch that he doesn’t even think he knows how. He’d conditioned himself early on to disobey, to resist any time he had the energy and willpower to do so, to never become a willing participant in the things that were done to him. He’d had mixed levels of success, less and less over the years, but still. He’d
To his absolute mortification, she pulls something
to the alpha how to treat him?
Dean glances at the TV like he’s forgotten about it. “Oh. Uh, yeah. I don’t know if you’ll like it – it’s sorta weird, if I remember right. But Bruce Willis is awesome, so that makes up for it.”
And, worst of all, Castiel knows that Dean cannot see any of that. Knows that Dean can only see his faults, his mistakes – real or perceived. Dean has no
do some digging, as much as he can. He doesn’t know if he’ll find anything – brothel owners keep themselves anonymous to avoid retaliation, and, on top of that, the so called
“And I love you, Dean.”
all he knows his skin is too tight on his body and he can feel his heart trying to slam its way out of his chest, and if he doesn’t calm the fuck down he thinks he might explode into a million tiny shards of glass, too broken to ever be fixed.
“‘Course,” Sam says. And he wants to add more – wants to dig in and
He reaches forward before he can think better of it, and Dean tenses, throat bobbing as he swallows audibly. Still, he doesn’t flinch away. Castiel wonders how much self control that must take.
He hesitates, for some reason. It’s not like Pamela had been cruel to him – far from it. She’s the nicest doctor he’s ever had, by a fucking
Dean can’t help the little laugh that leaps out of him – Cas looks up sharply. “Dude, if
The newscaster moved on to the next story after that, but the damage had been done.
The phone feels like a ten ton weight in his hand.
By the time they make it through Meg’s interrogation, park, greet Bess, and finally arrive in Cas’s office, the insane amount of caffeine that Dean inhaled has worn off. The adrenaline of walking through the center and taking the elevator probably helped chase it out of his system, and while he can’t say he misses the hand tremors, the fog that settles on him the moment they walk through the door is less than appealing.
“How long have you been with him?” Sam is asking. The question slams a door in Dean’s brain. Makes the walls tremble.
Distantly, he recognizes how fucking sad that is. But he doesn’t care. Doesn’t have the energy to care. Not anymore.
Bal claps a hand on his shoulder, firm and bracing. “Leave the past in the past, mate. No use getting upset now.”
Balthazar waves his hand dismissively. “Eh. Not really. They break back down pretty easily,” he says in an off hand sort of way, as though he’s discussing disassembling an engine rather than a human. “It’s worth it to speed up the rehab process. If they think there’s a light at the end of the tunnel,” he says, laughing cruelly, “they’re more motivated.”
to listen. “I don’t know what impression you’re under, exactly, but I do believe it’s the wrong one.”
He’s just… putting it on pause, for now. Giving them both time to adjust.
He’s already shaking his head frantically, so she pauses. “Then I need you to bend over the counter with your legs apart.” She says it slowly, watching his reaction. “You can still say no, honey.”
vomited the second time Alastair had dragged him by the hair to the door, because he’d known what was coming. The alpha had just laughed at him then, had kicked him in the side, and like always, he had watched Dean cower and cry and plead until he’d had his fill.
When he starts to get really guilty about the amount of hot water he’s wasting, he shuts the stream off. Stands in the clear glass box, completely exposed, and shivers. Closes his eyes.
in the house, so maybe that shouldn’t be surprising.
Oh my
He needs help.
He glances at Cas for confirmation, and when the alpha nods, he does too.
It had been a long time before Sam had let him go, even longer before Dean had been able to go more than a second without drawing his brother right back to him. Even now, Sam keeps squeezing his arm, keeps brushing his hand on his shoulder, keeps pressing their sides together. It’s like Sam’s afraid Dean’s going to vanish if he doesn’t keep some sort of physical connection between them. He keeps
Cas knew. Probably also wondering if he and Sam were the sort of people that would shame him –
Something warms in Sam’s chest at the memory. He’s missed his uncle a lot, these last few years. It’s not like he doesn’t come home every chance he gets – every Christmas and summer and essentially any break he’s had, he’s spent right here at Singer Salvage, no matter how much he had to scrimp and save for the plane tickets to and from Cali. And now that he’s
The book had said the same.
“I keep telling him he needs to hire a gardener,” Balthazar muses, startling him. Sam glances at him briefly, but his eyes are drawn right back to the house a moment later. He can see a pair of muddy boots next to the door, tipped and leaning against a pair of shiny, carefully placed loafers.
He’d like to go back to sleep, of course. He knows he should, especially with the ass kicking of a day he’s got ahead of him. But he already knows that he’s not going to be able to drift off again.
that he cannot go running back upstairs to the source of that smell. It takes him a few seconds, but he manages to convince himself to stay seated.
“Not if he thinks you don’t give a shit,” Bal points out cheerfully. When Castiel scowls, he laughs. “I’m only joking. But, seriously. You
Certainly not one who can be loved. Maybe not even one who can be forgiven.
“Giving him coffee is overwhelming?” Castiel asks, hysteria already creeping into his tone. “I was just… trying to make him feel
He peeks his head out from under his hands.
there’s nothing stopping him from looking up Sam – nothing aside from the fact that it would be an
“Can you do something for me?”
Cas had been here last night, of course. They’d made Dean a little pallet on the floor, the alpha helping him fold blankets and pillows into it with no judgement whatsoever on his face. In fact, he’d seemed rather keen on making Dean as comfortable as possible, going so far as to bring
diners we’ve passed–”
by searching for comfort.” Castiel chews on his lip. “I told him that he was welcome. If he ever wanted to, that is,” he tacks on, grimacing. “And he… it was clear that he wanted to, last night.”
Cas doesn’t press him for details, thank God, so Dean can clear his throat and change the subject. “I know
The realization dawned on him just as Sam gave him a pointed, strained look. “Oh. Yeah,” Dean said, stomach turning. “Shit.”
He tries to sleep, because he’s tired. The sun on his back should be enough to keep his mind in the present, but it isn’t. He can’t shake the feeling that someone is watching him, can’t shake the shivers of anxiety that jolt him awake every few minutes.
me?” he rushes out. “Or – was that another fever dream?”
To keep going. To hold on, even when Dean didn’t need him any more.
is the one that survived over a decade in it. It’s
Sam furrows his brow. “Why would
Dean makes a startled, pleased noise from deep in his chest when Castiel starts to massage his shoulders, tension slowly seeping away from the omega as he works. He rubs and soothes for a long time, till Dean is syrupy and liquid under his touch, his head tipped back to rest against Castiel’s chest. His eyes are hooded, his breathing even.
And if that beating spot in his chest feels like a wound, it’s just the fierce ache of resurrection after the flatline.
He’d been awake – until he’d passed out, anyway. So he knows it hadn’t exactly been a nip-tuck situation.
Dean just nods. He doesn’t know where all his words went. He can feel Cas looking at him out of the corner of his eye, can picture the worried little frown pinching his face.
Cas cocks his head to the side. “You seem less enthusiastic than I’d anticipated.”
Dean scrolls through stories about omega pride, about protests, about the court cases that have been won in favor of omegas for the first time
And really, that shouldn’t surprise him. It ain’t like Dean’s a catch. The years have not been kind to him. He’s used up, and he’s scarred, and he’s a step or two away from emaciated – and that’s
But the alpha swallows. Looks away.
Dean, despite having been half aroused, relaxed at the words. “I… am.”
And he’s worried, based on the tense silence, that he’s crossed a line that they’re not going to be able to come back from. This is it, he figures. This is the moment when Cas shoots him down, irrevocably and firmly. When he makes it absolutely clear that he’s as close to Dean as he’s willing to get.
He makes
“And she’s already back at auction?” Cassie asks, concern deepening his voice.
Sighing, Castiel shakes his head. “No. Up until that day, he’d been solely at my home due to the capacity limits. I… failed to mention it.” He swallows the still
He rubs the back of his neck, more hesitant and unsure of himself than he’s been in days. “Pam can take care of it, if it’s okay with you. She’s good at figuring those sorts of things out, of course. She’ll be sure you get the right ones.”
He had changed into soft pants and a hoodie the instant they’d arrived home – complaining under his breath about how he smelled like territorial alphas. If he’d taken a slightly longer shower than necessary to rid himself of his
“Just get on with it. I hate how you’re keeping me at arms length, like I can’t handle whatever it is you’re trying to tell me,” he insisted, a shade of bitterness creeping back into his voice. “I’m not gonna throw you out, or anything. You’re… family.”
Cas’s scent sharpens, worry making it jagged and sharp. “You… need them, Dean,” he says, his voice so careful that it makes Dean want to scream. “I know you do. They are important to you, even
“Huh. Overstock,” she sniffs, flipping her hair as she leans back in the chair. Her nose wrinkles. “You stink.”
of me, or at least he was just yesterday – he’s –”
He crosses his arms over his chest and stares the beta down even though meeting his eyes makes something squirm in his gut. He feels like he’s proving something to them both by doing so.
Dean, and another to be so blatantly taking up room in his safe place.
Dean swallows. The alpha is always apologizing. It’s something Dean isn’t sure he’ll ever get used to. Isn’t sure he’ll ever believe he deserves. “It’s okay,” he says, voice far too weak.
this. “I–”
Restless and frustrated, keyed up for a fight that isn’t coming, Castiel feels tense even hours after Dean has left the room. He’s never been aggressive, never really been
The question makes Dean close his eyes, a spasm of something like pain jumping over his features. He shakes his head, half laughs before swallowing the noise. And all the while, his scent continues to snap back and forth like a flag in the wind, moving so quickly that it is making Castiel nauseous.
Balthazar shakes his head, flicking on the turn signal as he switches lanes. “But he didn’t do anything of the sort. He just… he stood up for me. Stood
He doesn’t know how he got so lucky.
foolishly fall asleep, as well.
the truth, even if he could. Because, shit, Sammy doesn’t need to know any of that. It’d only hurt him to hear it, and it’s not like he can do anything about it
him. His fear had made
“Because…”
He glances at the floor and notices his cellphone, and a little more of the night trickles back. Right. He’d abruptly returned to his senses and had dropped down to the floor. Probably to beg for forgiveness, like he should have been doing in the first place. He only feels a distant sort of shame at that – Cas deserves his obedience, Dean knows. He
He’d just barely convinced Dean to eat some protein bars and drink a few bottles of water himself. The omega had been
Knows his guilt and his kindness and his gentle, golden soul. And, for once in his long, godless life, Dean takes a leap of faith. He lets go.
Dean has been through so much. He’s
as perverse and fucked up as that probably is.
“Of course I want to see him, Cas,” Dean interrupts, his tone bordering on incredulous. “He – I can’t just leave him like that. He thinks–”
They’re about halfway through their meal before Dean speaks. “Did you cook for yourself like this before I got here?”
means. But if it’s being here. With you. If it’s… not letting go. If it means I get to keep… this,” he gestured between them. “Then I want it. I want all of it.”
Balthazar’s tone is frigid. “Do I
He has taken great pains to distance himself from his family, to use the money he inherited as a force for good, as a way to undermine some of the awful damage that his family has done. But it’s not enough – will never
and he looks
Hyper-aware of Dean’s nakedness, he takes a moment to provide him with some modesty. The capfuls of bubble bath he adds under the tap smell of lavender – apparently, it’s supposed to be
And Dean is letting him.
so that Dean could get good and worked up for the long list of clients that had paid to fuck an omega in heat.
Dean can’t help but shudder at the thought, and Balthazar just nods like he expected that reaction. “Right. Benny’s better at this sort of thing than I, but some meditation might do you good. Exercise, too, when the weather warms up some.”
Usually the feeling will take him just before the pain is so much that he thinks he might die, or
She nods knowingly, a hand resting comfortably on her ever-growing stomach. The newest member of the Fitzgerald family, Castiel knows, is due quite soon. It makes something inside of him fiercely happy, and something else softly ache.
to be hurt by anyone who would pay for it. He was just punished even more harshly if he didn’t lay there and let it happen like he deserved it. He’d been the stand-in for some other poor son of a bitch, a punching bag that alphas could take out their frustration on and then fuck for good measure.
to hide from him.
“I can’t think like that,” he grits out. “I can’t give up on him!”
There’s no strange fog in his brain, clouding his judgment, fucking up his thoughts and making him needy and pathetic. He’s just… normal.
She looks at his master sharply, one eyebrow raised, and he holds his hands up in defense of himself. She’s a beta, so the alpha shouldn’t be intimidated by her – but maybe it’s just how quickly her expression has gone from doting grandma to pit viper. Dean leans away from her nervously. But when she turns back, her eyes soften again and she takes a breath. “Not exactly.”
Dean blinks at her attitude – it’s not one he’s used to seeing from omegas, other than himself. “I’m staying with a staff member.”
He keeps inhaling and smelling family, smelling the
Castiel sounds sort of surprised when he sees him. “Oh. Good morning, Dean. How long have you been awake?”
But I wanna try.
Bal demands. “Cassie, he’s got no
Unlike John, Bobby manages to keep his bridges intact. And, also unlike John, Bobby has stuck firmly to hunting people that
“Dean.” The word is quiet, but there’s just enough
locked
by what happened in that garage, by the cruel words Castiel used. Nothing new. “It… it
He nearly laughs.
Castiel can
hits him like a truck.
Dean’s brow furrows. “But… m’not cold,” he insists, repeating his words from earlier. They’re less panicked, this time – more confused.
no matter what. You’re safe now.”
“You already givin’ up on me?” he says, his voice light. “Come on, Cas. I never said I didn’t wanna do it.”
He doesn’t exactly feel better at any of that. Gripping the armrests, he tries to keep his voice even and calm. “Is he here?” Balthazar doesn’t answer, but he presses his lips together in a terse sort of way. “So where
And nearly smacks right into the omega, who is only just now walking out of the bathroom.
Alphas have been on the top of the food chain since the dawn of mankind, and Dean’s never met one that doesn’t seem to
the scent of his slick and heat so thick that he can
Dean’s eyes widen. “Uh – I don’t know if Cas would…”
Slowly, unsure that he shouldn’t be bum rushing this guy and driving to Novak’s house as fast as he can, Sam forces himself back into his chair. The omega looks at him for a long few seconds and then shakes his head.
“Was that position something your old master expected from you?”
He feels a swoop of dread that makes his stomach churn, empty or not. That’s his first punishment earned for sure, now. He’ll have to learn not to miss meals. Obedience has never been his strong suit, and considering how often he’d been punished with an empty stomach in the past he’s not exactly confident in his ability to get fed more. Food was always the first thing Alastair took away, and he wonders if his new master will be the same.
He glances up and catches Cas looking at him with a fond expression on his face, his features soft as he smiles. Dean wants to hug him so bad that it’s nearly painful – but he just manages to hold himself back, determined to act normal.
being harmed, and he is not being held captive.”
He nods, because he pretty much
He grimaces before he can stop himself and Dean catches it. His shoulders draw up defensively. Castiel hastens to reassure him while being careful not to lie. “I do not particularly enjoy that, either. But if it makes you more comfortable, you can continue to refer to me that way.”
and half
anyway. Being
He’s going to fuck it
He swallows, and flips the tag back over.
Dean shrugs. He leans back against the kitchen table with his fingers hanging over the edge, a little bit reluctant to try and sit on his own. It’ll be one hell of a balancing act, if he manages it. “Hurts like a bitch. But it ain’t anything to be worried about, don’t think.” Frankly, it seems a little silly to Dean that they’re even still talking about it. He’s been through a hell of a lot worse.
Dean’s sleep-rough voice is barely audible, and when Castiel peers down at him his eyes are still mostly closed. It’s quite clear he’s still half asleep.
Cas shrugs. “As far as I know.”
But with Dean… it feels like all the chains he’s locked around himself, all the walls he’s built up, they just fall away. Dean sees right through him. If Castiel was ever going to love someone, it would be Dean. He feels, somehow, that it’s always
His stomach choses that moment to growl, saving him from any more awkward conversation.
“And as much as I appreciate you throwing a potential creep up against the wall for me,” he adds, with an amused quirk to his mouth, “I’d appreciate it if you left both his feet on the floor in the future. I, uh. I kinda care about him.”
Castiel swallows. Sets his drink down carefully beside himself, looking down at it to be sure that it’s not going to topple over. He’s stalling for time. “I said,” he repeats carefully, “that you were
“Because no one ever even sees that dude,” she snaps, tapping her foot on the ground. “He’s a recluse, or something. That’s what everyone says.”
Wants Cas to mouth along his neck, to bite down hard enough to leave
“Just want to be sure all your equipment is up and running, kiddo,” she says patiently, smiling – he decides that Cas couldn’t have said anything, because she’d probably be using kiddy-gloves if he had. “It’s nothing to be embarrassed about. Things like that are completely natural.”
me, Novak. He protected me. He fed me. He taught me
you!” Cas argues, his disbelief twisting into anger. Even without his brain firing on all cylinders, though, Dean can understand that anger isn’t really aimed at
Stepping toward the bed, Cas hesitates, eyebrows quirking up as if there’s still any question of whether Dean wants him there. He stares up at the alpha and lays his hand palm up on the bed, dropping his eyes, just in case, so he doesn’t have to
The omega’s jaw tightens as he waits for Castiel to explain further, arms slowly crossing over his chest in a manner that looks half intimidating, half self-protective. It stings. Castiel
An hour passes uneventfully, then another. Eventually, Dean’s doze evolves into actual slumber. He slumps until he’s curled on the rug, the blanket covering everything but the top of his head, the throw pillow still snug in his arms. He sleeps right through lunch, and Castiel lets him; in fact, he doesn’t get up at all until he needs to use the restroom. Carefully, he pads around Dean and shuts the door quietly behind him.
apologize?”
going to be beat for touching the property of his owner and acting like a free person. And his hands only shake a little when he pours himself a cup.
Kevin’s shoulders fall as he deflates, a rush of air leaving him. “Oh, thank
It’s a while before things start making sense again. Before he can feel the water still raining down on his skin, before he can shakily try and get his legs back under him. It takes a few different attempts.
see those things, if you can’t recognize how hard he’s
Castiel sets down his sandwich and takes a beat before he replies. When he does, his voice is low and serious, and the gentle ease from before is gone. “Currently, it is locked in the safe in my office. I’d like to destroy it, but that would send an alert to the local center and I’d rather not deal with those kinds of questions.”
right to cry, and looks away.
Immediately, the fire clawing around inside of him quiets down, fades to the background. He can
this place.”
was at risk. But Dean is old enough now to know better than that. Hell, Dean still has bruises on his throat from their last fight over
Frozen in place, Dean is too shocked by how quickly the alpha just moved to be scared. He thought he’d been
“We were discussing Dean’s emancipation,” Jody says, clearly still trying to cool things down. “Just getting the paperwork started.”
Dean is still for one more heartbeat.
Slowly, though, he manages to slog through it. It’s all just like Cas said, albeit phrased a little more bluntly. There’s a hundred hoops he’s got to jump through, a hundred tricks he’s got to learn to impress the judges. But none of it is new.
Panic ticking up another dozen notches, Castiel does the only thing he can think to do. He calls Pam.
Dean can’t do anything but close his eyes a little tighter, and wish he believed her.
One that will discourage Dean from leaving him, even if he should.
For some reason, that causes Cassie to blush. Balthazar raises an eyebrow, waiting for an explanation.
It’s close to four, by the time he gives up on rest completely and wanders out of his room. He trudges to the kitchen, pours himself a glass of water. Stands over the sink and stares down into it blankly, thoughts whirring back and forth in his head on the same hamster wheel they’ve been on all night long.
They don’t come. Castiel just fills up two plates and two cups and gives Dean his portion of… biscuits and jelly, he thinks. Again, it’s the same as his master’s. Not smaller – hell, it might even be a little bigger. All this food and he hasn’t had to do a damn thing to earn it.
so,” Sam said. “You and your parents may not see eye to eye on everything, Scott… but they still love you,” he finished, catching Dean’s eye.
Dean winces when Castiel’s attention sharpens and he sits forward in his seat. “Uh, yeah. I guess.”
And the world slows.
Heart pounding, Castiel edges forward, faltering when Dean tenses impossibly farther, his grip white knuckled around his own forearms, his breath escaping in short, sharp pants. He pushes forward, sits at his side and does the only thing he thinks he can.
but it’s still meaningful. Still calming. And, slowly, his alpha
the man sign the documents. And that confuses him, because trainers never
I will love you.”
and Castiel can’t begrudge him a second of that. “I’d expect nothing less from Dean’s family, Sam,” he says gently.
jacket, which, no matter what Dean says, makes Sam’s blood boil. As he lifts his hand to fiddle with the dog tags loose around his neck, the same ones Sam had seen on the other slaves.
“Right,” he says distantly. He feels far away from his body. “But do you have any that are?”
Dean tenses. He isn’t just going to sit here and let his dad get his shit kicked in, no matter how much he might deserve it. Not when the
Dean opens his mouth to respond to that. He tries to say yes. He can’t. Nothing but a small, choked noise makes it out of him.
Castiel swallows at the omega’s sudden nearness, at his calm and content scent and at the conspicuous
“Once. He
Dean sputters. “Be– Because! He’d never hurt me,” he says confidently. There’s not a hint of fear in his scent. Not a hint of doubt.
is the last thing he wants for this. The last thing that Dean should have to give him. But the omega isn’t finished – he smooths his palms down his pant legs, brushing off imaginary lint. “Sorry I, uh. Sorry I kept your jacket.”
“They are both telling the truth,” Cas added absently. He’d spent most of the drive in silence, staring out the window with a slightly troubled expression on his face. Dean squeezed his hand. He wanted to dig into it, but it was pretty clear that Cas did not.
he reassures Dean, shaking his head. “But don’t make the mistake of thinking it was an inconvenience to me. It wasn’t.”
Especially considering that Cas apparently thinks he’s sleeping on the bed still.
It hurts his knee, of course, but it’s not the sort of pain that’s unbearable – it’s healed enough to where Dean can
“I don’t have to,” he says gently. “Come on, Dean. Stand up with me.”
He’s met not with Cas, but with a young beta man sitting at the previously empty secretary’s desk. He blinks up at Dean in open surprise, his mouth a small “o” of confusion.
And if there’s anyone whose name he’ll happily wear around his neck, it’s Castiel Novak’s.
Leaning over a little further, he bites his lip and tries to make his brain work for two goddamn seconds. God, he’s exhausted. He stares at the carpet and tries to come up with a gameplan of how to get his shit together, but his thoughts slip away like snakes in the grass.
“To get our shit together before Sam gets here, yeah,” Dean mutters.
“Why don’t you pick something to watch while I pop a few bags?” he suggests, gesturing to the remote.
like it,” Sam interrupts, the words spewing from his mouth with a desperate intensity. As though, if he says it forcefully enough, it will become true, and he’ll have a way to understand why Dean is the way he is. Like he’ll finally have a physical enemy to fight. “You
“I’ll, um,” he says, clearing his throat. Trying not to make it obvious that he’s about to
you’re the CE-fucking-O?”
“Oh, Dean,” he interrupts gently. “Oh, no. No. You don’t have to do anything like that to protect yourself. You haven’t done anything wrong.”
Cas closed his eyes, clearly reveling in the feeling, arching back with a gasp. The long pale stretch of his neck, the way he was kneeling, the dark flush of his cock; the entire picture of him made something primal and feral uncoil in Dean’s chest.
Cas is actually
He wipes at his eyes, the movement angry. “It ain’t just last night that convinced me. But it was a good kick in the ass.”
seeing him sitting on the fucking floor like a
someone to look after him. Doesn’t hurt that he’s sleeping like the dead and can’t really protest, anyway.
Castiel’s footsteps retreat after that, and Dean slumps down, tension and adrenaline swirling with nowhere to go in his body.  Shakily, he pushes himself up and turns on the shower, sitting on tile with his head in his hands.
somebody?”
“You… it’s okay,” he says, and his voice rumbles like gravel. He hesitates for just a moment before he adds, “you may call me whatever you’d like.”
in the darkest corners of his brain, had all but known Sam would have moved on. That he would have forgotten Dean more and more, the older he got. But he’d been wrong.
him – Sam had figured it out pretty quickly when Dean and Cas had stopped being strictly
He lets it go.
He’s so tired. And he’s so guilty for
are you bringing your cat?”
“Oh,” Dean said, sounding stunned.
But he doesn’t.
But now that he thinks about it, he doesn’t recall ever specifically reassuring Dean that he isn’t here to be raped. The most basic thing in the world, and he didn’t think to do it. His understanding was that telling Dean he wasn’t going to be punished meant he wasn’t going to be hurt at
Amazing fanart by thirdleaflogic on tumblr!!! They are amazing!!!
and he’d
Cassie makes a small, helpless noise, his hands tightening around his coffee cup. “I thought he’d hate me, Bal. I just kept thinking about how often he ran – how often he got caught.” His friend’s face is pale. Sick. “I’ve got no doubt he could have escaped, if not for the Morningstar chip.”
A gentle jostle of the mattress and a cool touch on his shoulder make him swallow. He closes his eyes and inhales Cas’s warm, familiar scent. Slowly, he reaches up to squeeze the alpha’s hand. Giving him permission. Because no matter
Castiel Novak has owned him for a grand total of five hours.
“Yeah, I’ll say,” Hannah says with plain appreciation, and he looks at her in surprise. “You clean up nice, cowboy.”
“No,” Cas said quickly. “Marriages can be broken. Undone. This is… permanent.” He looked away, because the intensity in Dean’s gaze was too much.
It’s dark. A slick, mean looking BMW. And it parks across the street.
aren’t you?”
“Hello to you too, Bal,” he mutters, but the man is already on a roll.
to take away the incomplete feeling that is dragging away his sanity like it’s lassoed behind a horse. God help him, his body
Not even close.
Hell, he’s still not sure that he even
here, hopes that Dean’s instincts will take over and help him understand what the rest of him seems incapable of grasping. He says soothing things, breathes deeply and hopes that Dean will match the rhythm of his chest, strokes his thumb across Dean’s face and pushes away tears.
Eventually, they do have to get out of bed. Cas squeezes him one last time and begins to shift, and Dean takes that as his cue to sit up and rub his eyes. Cas stretches with a yawn, and Dean makes an effort – though not much of one – to keep his eyes off the little stripe of skin above his hips that reveals itself when he does. He can feel his cheeks warming slightly, but Cas doesn’t seem to notice. He’s too busy scooting to the end of the bed so he can awkwardly stumble up off of it.
, I promise. It was an accident, I’m not angry. It’s
this already. Surely he’s just trying to be nice. They
Dean shakes his head. Somehow, he keeps forgetting that Cas grew up with money - probably because he doesn't
“What do you mean?” Dean asks suspiciously. And Castiel thinks that the omega already knows where he’s going, but he keeps his tone gentle anyway.
Castiel’s heart is racing in his chest, his palms sweating. “I… I
something he hasn’t done since his very first night here.
He blinks at the expletive, at the sound of his own last name, still so foreign to his ears. Benny’s tone softens. “But you’re frustrated, because you think you should be better than even that. Am I right?”
“Don’t gotta do it all the time,” he mumbles, nudging at his food with his fork. “I… I like sitting next to you, mostly.”
at a time like this. “But…”
Dean can still feel that warmth on his shoulder.
“I… I guess,” he says slowly. He doesn’t understand where Benny is going with this.
trying his best, really.
Just moving forward, untethered, belonging to nobody but themselves.
“You are... on the floor.” He squints, and adds, “And I’m... still on the couch?”
was his reaction… His heart twisted. He hadn’t expected Dean to be okay with the bond, but he never imagined he would be met with this level of acidity.
– does Dean think he has to keep the peace in order to stay safe? Sam squares his shoulders, more than ready to protect Dean from this cold, powerful man in front of them. To defend him from the alpha that holds Dean’s very life in his hands, from the man that so casually uses his power to direct him to do even the most trivial of tasks.
The next day, Castiel wakes to bright afternoon sunlight and his phone blinking at him, an unread message lighting up the display. Dean is still tucked against his side – they haven’t moved much during the night – and Castiel is extra careful not to jostle him when he reaches over to grab it.
For once, it’s not unpleasant. It’s soft, and it’s warm, and it smells like a thunderstorm and honeysuckle, and he can only half recall what exactly he’d been dreaming about. Whatever it was, it’s nice enough that he drifts into consciousness with a smile on his face, a pleasant sort of tingling running through him.
He nudges open the garage door with his boot, knowing already that it will be unlocked. Bobby doesn’t seem to think there’s anything in his place worth stealing – not that many people would want to wander onto his property in the first place. Sam’s well aware that his uncle has a reputation as a crazy old coot with a pump-action.
“Sorry,” the omega whispers. “I’m sorry, I’m – no more questions. I’ll be good.”
The first time Dean had mentioned Sammy, it had been an accident. A slip of the tongue. And it had
Dean would normally take the bait. This time, he doesn’t.
“How many people are you cookin’ for, exactly?”
He’s anxious, to say the least, waiting for whatever Castiel has planned for him. Waiting for the other shoe to drop. The alpha hasn’t shown any indication of what he wants, though. In fact, Dean doesn’t seem to be much of a factor in his life at all, other than that he’s cooking twice as much. He doesn’t initiate conversations often, probably because all of Dean’s answers are stilted and tense and take too long to come, because he has to figure out what the right thing is to say before he speaks.
Castiel responds immediately, horrified.
kind of close – but it hadn’t even occurred to him to be worried about that. And he can tell from Bal’s scent that, if there is an alpha in the picture, it’s not Dean’s. His markers would show it if that were the case.
for any length of time, let alone a blanket or a pillow, or the freedom he’d need to organize his space.
flinches, “but the sooner you become accustomed to those parts of yourself, the more comfortable you will be.”
Finally,
He swallows. “I’m
“I don’t think it sounds pathetic at all,” Cas says instantly, his book apparently forgotten. “In fact, I think it sounds perfectly reasonable. And if nothing else,” he continues, deliberately pretending like he doesn’t notice the flash of gratitude on Dean’s face and in his scent as he picks up the tome once more, “it makes it much easier for me to enjoy my book.”
“If you what? Pretended like he was a bloody house guest, he’d start to act like one?”
Sam can barely hear him over the pounding in his ears. “Please,” he repeats, his voice sounding broken even to him. “I just want to see my brother.”
“Stay?”
for him, because of his heat, because he is an omega, because he is Castiel’s responsibility. The fear goes far deeper than how Castiel might feel about him physically – much deeper than even whether he wants to stay with him, or go.
Dean bares his teeth. Cuts him off.
And he doesn’t know if he can take it.
“I was certainly intending on this being a longer conversation, but I think you’re due for a break,” he says, blunt but not unkind. “You can call me anytime you have questions you aren’t comfortable asking Cassie. The man’s trustworthy, and you’ll truly believe that eventually. In the meantime, though, there’s no reason for you to stew. So put that number in your phone.”
Dean just can’t fucking help himself.
“You will not
“Oh.” He swallows. “Sorry. I can, uh - I can call back?”
Dean took a step towards him in the water. Cas took a step back, swallowing hard.
him?”
He reaches over to pick up the pair of coffee cups, intent on taking them to the sink and doing the dishes, and sees a glint of silver.
and it would make Dean laugh if he wasn’t too busy considering the best way to escape and find his way through the snow, considering all the ways he might bite and claw to get the alpha away from him, considering –
he’s at least not gonna hide it. Maybe Cas will finally punish him, if he's discovered.
that for the last ten years, alphas have used them as their veritable punching bags. Dean didn’t want it, but life isn’t fair.
Birds of a feather, him and Cassie are.
back on his feet, glaring down at him. Castiel has the presence of mind to carefully slide his chair back and put some space between them, his heart beginning to pound a little harder in his chest. “Are you... alright?”
Mostly, it makes Sam angry. And even though he knows he needs to keep a lid on that emotion –  because, as he’s learned already, Dean doesn’t react well to it – he can’t quite douse the simmering rage he feels every time he has to look at the man that owns his brother.
It sends a bolt of anxiety through Dean. It’s never good when they smile. He holds the blanket in his hands like a shield, like it can protect him from whatever his master has planned.
Dean tenses, that buzzy, frustrated feeling ticking back up a notch. “Cas,” he nearly whines, and the alpha looks even more alarmed at that. Fuck, he’s so
Seized by a moment of what must be insanity, he pushes his luck even further. “Can I…”
So he does.
Dean eats another strawberry and savors it. He’d missed fruit. He’d missed it a
Claire seems to swell to about twice her usual size, clearly raring to start another argument. Dean steps in before that can happen.
Claire makes a dismissive noise. “For now, maybe. But what if he changes his mind? What if he wants to
He feels like he’s wrapped up in a sleeping bag on a cold night in the woods. Like he’s floating in a warm, lapping lake, face to the sun. He could fly up into the air and never touch the ground again.
Cas frowns at his choice of words, but Claire beats him to the punch. “It’s
Dean had eased his foot onto the gas and had probably gone a grand total of four miles an hour, but
anything that Cas has done for him. And he knows without having to ask that the alpha doesn’t expect him to work off the cost of these gifts, either. It makes him feel strange. Just one more thing to add to his growing pile of debt.
Dean’s eyes go a little wide. “You’ve got
“But… ” Dean seems genuinely confused, his brow furrowing as he looks at Castiel from the corner of his eye. “You own me. That’s what you are.”
He traces patterns on Cas’s back, nuzzles a little closer until his nose is in the crook of the alpha’s neck. Enjoys the warmth and the soft, content scent coming from him. He sighs as the last of the tension leaves his body.
“Why would he be guilty?” Castiel asks, baffled.
At this point, Dean is
As inappropriate as it may be, Castiel bursts out laughing.
not to scarf it down, but he probably looks like a starving dog. It may be the best thing he’s ever tasted. The twisting in his gut fades as he empties the plate – he hadn’t even known it was there till it was gone. He’s gone hungry too often, he guesses, to still notice those pangs.
He could figure out what to do with himself, if Cas would just leave him to his thoughts. He felt a wild thing inside him, fighting to get out, wanting the sort of freedom that he couldn’t provide unless he had skin on skin. He sure as
Dean turned right at the first main road they came across, the opposite direction of the motel. Cas didn’t say anything, and Dean pressed down on the gas. He wanted to escape the feelings that were fighting for dominance in his head, about himself, the club, Cas. Cas, for his part, had apparently finally learned to read the room, and sat as quiet as a church mouse as Dean drove, faster and faster, until he was pushing the Impala to her limits.
He thrust his hips up into Cas’ hand without meaning to, and he heard the slightest hitch of breath from Cas.
If you haven't already, and feel any sort of need, stroll on by the Discord! We'd love to have you. Lots of hand-wavey heat biology is in play for this chapter and a couple after it, and if you've got anything you'd like to suggest or add, let me know!
Dean’s no stranger to nightmares, of course. He’s had roughly a million of them. But they never used to be this vivid, never used to leave him shaking and sweating and choking on fear. Before, they’d be these formless, impressionist things – hidden faces, shadows, hands reaching out and touching him from the darkness. Now, though, they’re photorealistic,
than necessary to Cas on the way to the first floor – but the only person here to call him out is too bewildered to say a word. Dean presses into his side with absolutely no subtlety whatsoever, exhaling slowly when he feels the alpha against him.
Dean swallows. Squares his shoulders, and unfolds himself. “I mean let’s just fuckin’
he’s going to spend the rest of his days with Castiel in nothing more than sweatpants and a hoodie that isn’t really even his – and he doesn’t know why that bothers him so much all of a sudden, but it
The words should reassure him, but they don’t, because he still has no idea if the alpha plans on getting rid of him. He forces himself to stop talking, stop begging. It won’t help him, never has. He takes a shaky breath as his master moves backward and then forward again, rocking between his feet like he’s not sure where to put himself. Then he backs out of the room, and Dean is left there, shaking and pathetic, his hands flat on the cold tile beneath him as he wrestles with the fact that he just
And he’d made Dean privy to that. Had made his child, so full of love and justice, have to choose between getting to stay with the only person he’d ever held dear, and protecting the lives of strangers – and had apparently thought it would do nothing to Dean’s soul to have to make that choice.
The walls don’t collapse, he doesn’t catch on fire. He’s sitting in a bed, and nothing bad is happening to him. He huffs out a self deprecating laugh and rubs his hand over his mouth. What a goddamn pussy he is.
“May I help you?”
He groans into his palms, and Balthazar laughs as he claps him on the shoulder.
drive, optimistically. And you don’t have a fuckin’
“I don’t have a license, Dean,” Scott replied with an eye roll, and Dean nudged them as they plopped down together in the grass.
. Wants to scream that he doesn’t get to
gold, only the tiniest sliver of green still visible around his pupils. But his gaze is not blank as he looks up at Castiel – instead, there is a kind of vulnerable tenderness that makes his heart twist in his chest.
For one moment, Cas held completely still, so completely that Dean could have kissed a marble statue with more give. Then, when Dean
his head back into the brick wall again, and repeated the action a few times. Still no feeling. Cas slid a hand into his pocket, which had Dean sucking in a sharp breath, but the hand was gone before he could tell Cas to well and truly
was so obvious that Dean didn’t think he needed to say it out loud. Unless…
It wasn’t cloying, like it had been in the club. It was almost as if Cas’ hand was like a cold pack, soothing the fiery heat roaring inside of Dean, suspending his thoughts in molasses and making his heart pound double-time.
Dean had a slight problem. You see, it hadn’t been a problem at first. It had been
Dean shot a wild look over at Cas, and couldn’t help the laugh that was torn out of his throat. “
Dean drew his hand back and Cas’ eyes flew to his, questioning. “I wanna…” Dean made another vague motion towards Cas’ hand pinning him in place. Cas nodded and allowed Dean to settle himself on his lap. It was cramped, the Impala’s front seat not really made for these sorts of activities, but Dean would be damned if he was going to stop right now. He might not be twenty anymore, but he wasn’t an old man, either. He could handle a little inventive maneuvering of his body.
“Hell, I don’t know, Cas,” Dean said through gritted teeth and yanked his hand away from Cas’ grip. “Maybe because we’re
That was the last thing he wanted, and Sam wasn’t awake to help him.
Dean slowed, and pulled over. He turned the car off, and in the sudden silence, everything was too loud. Dean was still
Dean got to his knees and pulled himself closer to Cas, seeking out that same contact that had cooled his fever when he’d been under the influence of the spell, but had burned him into
Finally, the pressure became a bit too much, the pleasure a bit too sharp for Dean’s liking, and he eased his cock out from Cas’ hold and let his fingers fall from his mouth.
wasn’t thinking about that.
it might have hurt.
“Dean,” Cas said, and he drew his hand away, almost as if he’d been burned. “You have a spell on you. Not lethal, but it’s meant to confuse you, make you weak. Bring desires to the surface, maybe a sort of truth spell? But it’s more than that. There are lots of ingredients here, Dean. We need to get it off of you.” He reached forward without waiting for an answer, leaning so far into Dean’s face that if Dean were to move his head forward just a little, he’d find his mouth against Cas’ shoulder. He
Dean. Dean could feel it, like a caress against his whole body, but even more than that, he felt the urge to reach out and
It wasn’t long before Cas was gasping, making these debauched noises that Dean was
Cas tilted his head, did that
He sucked in a sharp breath, the bolt of desire running through his body at the revelation almost
Everything after that became a bit…
He felt heat pound through him in perfect sync with the shame at finding his body like this;
They’d fogged the windows of the Impala up completely, little lines of condensation skittering down as Dean watched. It was completely silent in the car for a few moments after they both settled back, and Dean wondered what the fuck had just happened.
“No,” he said. He set the bag on fire and tucked his lighter back into his jeans pocket. “I’m driving. I need to clear my head.” He had absolutely no intentions of going back to his hotel room tonight, anyway, but Cas would insist, and it was easier to talk him out of something in the middle of it than beforehand.
He’d been attracted to guys before, sure. He wasn’t really
that they could have this forever.
He hadn’t allowed himself the luxury of thinking about Cas as anything but a friend. There was a vague sort of affection attached to Cas, somewhere between friendly and something more, but Dean had been more than happy with that ambiguity; would have taken it directly to the grave.
It was weird, not having the radio on, not flipping his tape over by hand, knee holding the steering wheel in place as he took his eyes off the road. He didn’t think he could stand another sensory input, though, so he didn’t even try.
Cas. He clasped his hands into fists in his lap. Whatever was
Cas remained silent, up until the moment Dean started cursing as the temperature gauge started going up beyond its normal limit. He slowed down. “Dean,” Cas said, and now Dean
“Nope, buddy,” Dean muttered, running his wipers. “I think you got your point across just fine.”
Dean caught himself looking every so often. At Cas’s lips, the line of his shoulders, the way he tilted his head when he was about to smite the ever-loving shit out of someone. And maybe he’d jerked off a few times with his thoughts straying to the precise color of Cas’ eyes before, but that just happened sometimes,
At the club he’d been ID’ed,
“The hell, Cas,” he said, turning to face the angel, while pulling his lighter out of the pocket that Cas
Was it just a trick of the light, or did Cas’ eyes fall to his crotch, where his dick was still making a valiant effort to be noticed? Dean could have sunk into the ground; he wanted to be anywhere but here. “I’ll be just fine,” he said gruffly, and pushed past Cas. He stooped down to pick up his belongings, displaced by Cas’ hands, and shoved them back into his pocket. “If you want to come sit in the back seat and make sure that I’m driving in a straight line, be my guest,” he threw over his shoulder as he began walking down the alley. “But I’m going for a drive, and coming back here tomorrow with Sam.”
squinty thing with his face. Dean would have rolled his eyes if he had better motor control. “You called,” he said. “Why would you call if you didn’t want me to come?”
Cas closed his eyes, and his brow furrowed as he
“You shouldn’t be driving right now, Dean. It’s not safe. You don’t know how the spell will still affect you.”
letting a groan out from the confines of his throat, and then canted his hips so that Cas’ cock slid in alongside his.
Slightly disheveled, tie askew and that goddamn trench coat settling around him as if he’d just leapt off the building adjacent like a goddamn superhero. “Cas, you came,” Dean gasped out. “I didn’t know if you would.”
Cas’ hand began moving up and down, so torturously slow that Dean thought that he’d come apart at the seams with the waiting. He bit down on his lip so hard that he tasted blood, and Cas’ hand stopped. “Does it hurt?” he asked, and Dean managed to open his eyes and slant a look over at Cas.
by. Cas, monotone, gravelly-voiced Cas could make these kinds of noises? If he’d known that, he would have tried this
“What, Cas?” Dean snapped, finding it incredibly easy to . “Do I get a lecture, now? Sam’s already going to mother hen me enough. I don’t need it from you, too. Yes, I was careless. Yes, I was hasty.
“You might want to burn it,” Cas said, entirely too close, and Dean almost jumped out of his skin at the proximity. “There are too many conflicting ingredients in it, and it will lose its potency soon, but until then, someone else could pick it up and be similarly effected.”
he would have thought that he’d been drugged, for the way that he was stumbling around with a huge grin on his face. He’d started dancing, pulled into the beat just like everyone around him, and for a brief moment, it had seemed like he was
Dean looked down. Cas had touched him before, of course. It was the whole thing about personal space that Dean had griped at him for time and time again. “The hell, Cas?” he asked, but when he looked up, he knew that his eyes were pleading.
Dean let out another humorless laugh and shook his head. “You can’t,” he said. That would be breaking the rules. That would be delving into the dangerous side of the territory Dean hadn’t allowed himself. “You can’t,” he said again, but this time it was more of a plea, for Cas to look away, to turn the subject to something else.
in this condition, and he sure as hell didn’t want to sit around and wait for whoever,
He pushed Cas off of him and watched his eyes go wide, searching out Dean’s, a silent question.
he thought, but no one could pay him enough money to say it out loud. He didn’t have the fucking charm to blame anymore.
Dean reached down and put his hand over Cas’ hand, squeezed it tight. He could do that, now, and it felt right, so right. Why he hadn’t done it before, Dean didn’t know.
Cas rifled through the pockets of his jacket, spilling out his phone, wallet, and the keys to the Impala. He patted along Dean’s thighs. “Hey, hey,
Cas reached out again, and Dean flinched away. He felt like crawling out of his own skin, trapped by the confines of his flesh. He needed
