“You shouldn’t. I’m sure she’d rather you remember her for more than how old she was,” Tony put a hand on Bucky’s back to comfort him. “I lost my parents when I was young, too. But it’s not really the same, I still had a home, people around me. Don’t think I’m trying to compare us.”
“…I wish I could…I wish I could get you out of here…” Steve said softly, trying to rack his brain to think of some way he could get Bucky out of here, but Bucky couldn’t cross the doorway without getting electrocuted. “If you can’t get out of here, we’ll get you out of the mansion somehow.”
“We fit in, I guess, if we can,” shrugged Bucky as he got back to his feet, about to go picking through the fruit again when he heard a knock at the door. Before he could react, it opened, and Pepper stepped through with a man he hadn’t met.
“You don’t have to say it, I wanted you to stay,” Bucky blushed at the attention, rather enjoying it. “You don’t have to fuss on me, I’m okay now that I know you’re both good with it. I’m so glad you’re-“
“You…” Steve wasn’t sure what to add to that, feeling like he could cry. “Buck, I don’t deserve you. You’re beautiful, you know that, right? Inside and out, there’s no one out there like you, and I’m the one that gets to call you mine. How am I supposed to go through the rest of my life without holding you for every minute of it?”
“Gods fucking damn it,” Bucky grumbled, pulling his hand back from his erect dick, rolling over so it was pinned between him and the bed, hoping the pressure would make him feel a bit better. Every time he moved, however, it just felt more sensitive, and his fingers twitched to wrap around it. He wished he’d asked Tony about this, he was going to be so angry if it was okay.
“You’re being paranoid,” Natasha said, though she couldn’t exactly say that Bucky was wrong. He might be completely correct, and they were all there to make everyone here laugh, but there was a chance this was legitimate too. They couldn’t throw this away on a suspicion.
“Uhh, no, not really, I mean, I came out around then,” Tony said, turning his head to look at Steve again, wishing he’d met him under very different circumstances. “I left home to go to school around then too, I wasn’t around my dad to see if he was being evil.”
“No, he’s not wrecking this place for us,” Tony said sternly, getting to his feet immediately, looking both angry and determined. “This is Bucky’s home, we are not taking him from again. The hospital was bad enough.”
“…I can’t imagine wanting something more than this…” Bucky said in awe, finally letting the tips of his fingers touch the glass, surprised at how warm it was. “Except to go out and touch it, that would be…can I have some grass? In books they talk about the smell of grass, but I can’t even begin to picture it.”
“He’s got a chip in him somewhere that…your father says if he crosses the threshold of the house, he’ll be electrocuted, and it will just keep getting worse until he gets back in the safe zone of the house, or….or he dies,” Steve began, immediately liking Tony more than Howard, feeling sure that things were going to be better with him around already. “And if he gets pregnant, only your father’s people can treat him, neither of us has any idea what he’s done to Bucky, not really.”
“I’m not an asshole, I love Sarah, she deserves this life,” Bucky reached up to tuck a piece of hair behind his ear, looking over at Steve but only managing to focus on his legs.
“Jesus Christ, how many eagles are there out there?” Bucky laughed, his hands emerging from the blanket to take out his hair elastic, reaching for the brush beside the empty glasses to push his hair back neatly.
Closing his eyes again, determined to sleep this time, Bucky relaxed in the warm embrace of mattress, pillow, and blanket. After a bit of frustrating daydreaming, including fighting the urge to go run to Tony’s room to ask him if masturbation was okay, he drifted off. Mumbling in his sleep, he was blissfully unaware of everything around him as he slept off the alcohol from earlier.
“He didn’t say, no,” Steve shook his head, not slowing down as he continued to devour everything on his plate. He was hoping Tony would come by, he wanted to ask if his friend Sam could be promoted to being his personal guard. There was no one he trusted more, and he wanted to give Sam a better life as well. It was the least he could do for his best friend.
“You mean we’re going to help others, but in the meantime, we get to live like this as well,” Bucky said with a chuckle, glad that they could both have full bellies because of his luck. He still didn’t think it was worth their time to pretend he was going to win though, but he wasn’t going to ruin Natasha’s fun.
“I can’t imagine…” Steve shook his head, the guilt rising in his stomach again. “I remember waking up next to you and being like this and…you just looked so small and pale. I was so scared you were going to die.”
“That’s what I thought…” murmured Bucky, reminded again of how little he’d been when this all began. “I wonder if my kids will need leashes. I don’t know how much I’m going to be involved in the actual raising part, though, I shouldn’t get my hopes up about it.”
“He’s having another one and it’s bad, I don’t know what to do, it’s not stopping,” Steve said, holding Bucky close, wishing he remembered something out of everything he’d read. “The road is fine here, we’re almost at the road, I’m going to put him back in.”
“You’re not out of the running, your input is still important,” Bucky sat up a bit before flopping back against Steve, looking up at him. “I’ve only named stuffed animals as a kid, so I’m probably not going to be any good at it. And we can’t let it all go to Tony.”
“Of course, we’ll just leave a few shorter pieces in the front,” Jarvis said, combing through Bucky’s thick hair. “And what would you like to do about your beard? Will you be wanting a shave or a trim?”
“But she does them better,” Tony replied, aware that he was getting under his uncle’s skin, hoping that he could push him to storming out that door so he could get back to work.
“Rogers, Steven Grant,” Steve said as the small red light on the card scanner illuminated and subsequently disappeared. He watched as Ms. Carr removed the card, attaching it to a metal chain, before holding it out to him.
“I’m not his handler,” Steve said at roughly the same volume from the other side of the clear plastic, keeping his arm around Bucky as he looked over at Tony suspiciously. “I’m his friend.”
“I’m your friend, Steve, through anything, not just the good times,” Sam said, reaching over to squeeze his arm, forcing a smile. “I hope you can be happy with him, in some way.”
“His Majesty hasn’t told me what he plans to do in regards to that, my apologies,” Pepper looked down at the list in her hand, knowing she had to go visit the Barnes man next, though she was going to try to get a chance to talk to Tony about Steve’s question.
He was about to message Tony and tell him he wasn’t in the west wing of the house when he looked in Howard’s office, the desk having been moved aside to reveal the staircase down to the cell beneath. Stepping into the office, Steve walked over to the stairs, looking down them before he began to head down the steps. Clearing his throat so he didn’t startle Bucky, he slowly stuck his head around the corner, a wave of relief hitting him when he saw Bucky sitting on the bed next to one of the pieces of medical equipment that had been stored in the corner.
“Kings swear too, go ahead and say what you want,” Tony chuckled, unable to help thinking that Bucky looked adorable when he blushed. He couldn’t wait to see these two cleaned up, he was sure Pepper would assign a team for making them over.
“That doesn’t make me feel too much better,” Steve wrapped an arm around Bucky once he was sure that they wouldn’t be seen. “Will we see Tony tonight?”
“I’m impressed. You’re a billionaire and you know what stew is,” Steve chuckled as he looked up from the ground, throwing a handful of kindling into the wheelbarrow Tony was pushing. “Do you really know how to make it?”
“Bucky has changed his mind about something,” Steve said from the other end of the couch, Bucky’s head in his lap. “He wants to find out what we’re having, so I booked an appointment for this afternoon.”
“And disappoint you both? No, I’m really fine with it,” Bucky insisted, relaxing at Steve’s touch, his hand going down to his stomach. “I can feel them moving a bit, I think they want me to go through with it.”
“I’m sorry, Sam, I don’t want to unload all of this on you, but I don’t know who else to give that envelope to,” Steve said lowly, feeling genuinely guilty for all of this, but he couldn’t let Bucky suffer if he died. He would do anything for him, and if that meant doing this, he was going to do it.
“I’m not selling this place, I still think it would break his heart, I’m not…” Tony shook his head, dropping the pillow back down on the couch beside Steve, going into the kitchen to pour himself a drink. “If his blood pressure is up, he doesn’t need to be somewhere other than home. He needs his own bed, his own things, his own space.”
“No, nothing at all,” Steve said, genuinely pleased to be where he was right now between the King and Bucky, hoping he could win them both over. It might take time, and patience, but he was determined.
“And your mom, Steve, does she need anything in particular?” Tony asked Steve, breaking his train of thought. “A pardon, a healer, anything?”
“How much time do you have?” Von Doom queried, leaning closer towards the ring in his hands, illuminating the harsh lines in his face.
“Look on your phone. Look up ultrasound and yolk sac,” Bucky insisted, looking at the screen, not sure what he was feeling about all of this. “I’ve been feeling sick the last week and a half, and that makes sense with it just being the yolk sac right now. It would mean I’m five or six weeks pregnant.”
“What did they do to you? Did they hurt you?” Steve asked, ignoring the cards, protectiveness flaring up within him as he thought of Bucky being tested on.
“The people that sent these guards need to think they succeeded, and the body will help that narrative,” Fury took one of the robes, handing it to Bucky. “I have a pin so we can put your sleeves together, and the arm is already stuffed, no one should suspect anything.”
“Tony, I can’t tell you which one to choose, I don’t know what will make you the happiest,” Rhodey sighed, feeling useless that he couldn’t help Tony, but he really had no clue how he could. “What does your heart say?”
“I don’t see how I was lucky when I brought them here only to lose them,” Tony looked down on the floor between his boots, wishing he could go visit his fiancés now just to remind himself that they were okay. “I feel like it was the unluckiest thing that could have happened. At least if they didn’t get picked, they’d still be alive…”
“We’ll have to set them up then,” Bucky grinned, playing with a piece of hay, wishing he could braid it like Natasha. “I mean, what else do two kings have to do? We might as well get some kids in love together.”
“I’ll go get him,” Tony said, disappearing into the house, going upstairs to change their current youngest son into something more outdoorsy.
“Oh my god…” Tony whispered, watching the two of them completely spellbound as he fought every urge to join in, his hand moving slowly over his cock. Just hearing Bucky was enough to make him want to finish right now, it was the most beautiful noise he’d ever heard.
“Good morning, Steve, Sarah,” Pepper said cheerfully, giving them both warm smiles to hopefully put them at ease. “How was your breakfast?”
Pushing open the heavy door of his study as he pocketed his keys, Stane turned the heavy locks to secure the door after him. Doing his usual check for any magical hearing devices around the room, he went to sit down at his desk to deal with the situation. First off, he poured himself a half glass of whiskey, taking a sip as he looked down on the desk at the wood case in the corner, his eyes running along the dark, unmarked surface.
“Tony what the hell is going on?” Steve asked as they peeled out of the driveway and onto the street, holding onto Bucky who looked too scared to appreciate his first ride in a car since the accident that killed his family. “Tony, this is not a good time…”
“So I’m late, just send a plate down here,” Tony shrugged, leaning over to get back to work as he picked up another tool.
“It’s a reprieve from foot pain, I’d imagine,” Strange said as he opened the door further to let the King into his sanctuary. “I’m telling you right now, I’m not making money rain from the sky or something. I don’t feel like causing a riot.”
“You’re also a thief, you’re also a part of the revolution of our people,” Natasha said in a hurried whisper, pointing right at Bucky. “You got us this far.”
“…just…sit up fast and put your belt on if the cops pull us over,” Tony said, figuring he’d rather have Bucky do what he want than trap him in an uncomfortable position.
“Shower, definitely,” Bucky said, pointing above his head, though he had no idea what was actually above him right now. He was still learning most of the layout of the place.
“That’s why we’re taking a private charter. I did think this plan through, Steve,” Tony said, though he had to admit he didn’t think about what a frantic car ride was going to be like for him. “I went over it again and again in my head, I thought of everything. We even have a bag of clothes in the back and some coats. Don’t worry about anything.”
“Afa mijia, fostja famer,” Stane murmured under his breath as the ring lit up, white light burning his eyes as he stared into the middle, waiting. As mist began to leak from the cracks and pool in the center, Stane didn’t react as another face appeared in the white smoke. It was a man with brown hair and eyes, and he didn’t look happy.
“Your Hi-I mean, Tony…” Bucky bowed a little, fighting his awkwardness as he stood up straight again. “I’m glad you’re here. I mean, it’s nice to spend some time alone with you, an-what is that box?”
“I suppose, yes,” Steve slowly lowered himself down onto the couch, letting out a long breath as he settled against it. This was so much nicer than the hard furniture he was used to.
“…Howard Stark…he stole a kid, he stole a bunch of them though I don’t know how many, and he oversaw medical testing on him. He was only three years old, they faked his death after his family was killed, they…” Steve looked around the room nervously as subtly as he could, looking for anyone that could have possibly known he would be here, or someone that slipped in after he did. “Stark’s son is gay, he came out when was a teenager, and his father decided that if he wouldn’t give him heirs the old fashioned way, he’d do it another way. He made this kid, this boy, able to have children, and now that he’s almost eighteen, it’s coming time to hand him over. He’s a prisoner now, and he’ll be a prisoner then, and I’m the only one he has, and Sam, I…I fucking love him, I can’t watch him get raped to have some billionaire’s children. It’s…it’s fucking wrong.”
“I like doing yoga,” Bucky began, counting on his fingers as Steve had, still shaking all over as tears ran down his face. “I love bacon especially on cheeseburgers, I like Coke but not Pepsi, I can speak Russian and German, and….and I don’t remember what outside is like because I haven’t left this room since I was three.”
“Okay, what’s going on?” Rhodey said finally, needing to get caught up on this before he lost his mind trying to figure it out.
“Don’t feel bad that you suspected me, alright? I would have too,” Tony chuckled humourlessly, adjusting himself so that he was sitting further on the bed, almost touching Steve’s leg. “If he told me, I would have sprung Bucky long ago, he’d have been adopted into another family or something, and my father would have been in prison that much sooner. I believe in medical advancement through the proper channels but I don’t agree on testing on kids. And now I know Bucky wasn’t even the only one.”
“If you’re so determined…” Stane sighed, wondering if there was something stronger he could have. The wine wasn’t cutting it. “I will speak with Pepper and we’ll start the process to find your intended today.”
“I did the best job I could for you, Tony, please…” Stane begged, walking closer to Tony, bowing down to him. He wanted to go to that cold, dreary place as much as he wanted to eat a bowl of glass. “I’m sorry, I was wrong. I promise you, I can do better if you give me the chance. I can be a better Uncle to you.”
“I, uhh, my marriage ended,” Steve said, deciding to just be upfront about it. If it was going to be a problem, he’d rather deal with it now than wait in paranoia for someone to take him out.
“Very good,” Bucky grinned from ear to ear, looking over at Steve and blowing him a kiss. “I’m going to be full of both of you, I’m going to sleep well tonight.”
“I don’t think that’s going to work,” Steve chuckled softly, trying to keep things light hearted even though he could see how distracted Tony was. “Bucky, why don’t you go have a shower? It’ll help pass the time til we talk to Dr. Marner.”
Scooping up some of the slick lotion, Steve’s hand moved between Bucky’s legs, holding his breath as he slowly pushed the pads of his fingers against Bucky’s entrance. Immediately the tips of his fingers disappeared inside him, and Steve let out the breath he’d be holding. It was so warm inside Bucky, so tight, it was just like he remembered, but he wanted to feel more. Pulling his fingers back, he got more of the substance on them before sliding inside Bucky again, stretching him carefully before adding a third.
“Doing what to my hair?” Bucky asked weakly, kind of attached to his long locks now that they were clean and smelled nice. He’d hated his hair until he gave it a good wash, he’d forgotten what colour it was supposed to be. “I kind of like it as it is.”
“That’s impossible, this ticket says one hundred thirty!” the other guard looked at the ticket, frowning at it before holding it out as well. “There seems to be a mix up, sire.”
“No, I sat down and crossed my arms, sorry,” Tony said meekly, not moving as Pepper fussed over him. He liked Pepper a lot, enough that their dynamic wasn’t nearly what it should be for a King and his assistant. He never felt the need to pull rank on her, especially when she was just looking out for him.
“I agree to all of that,” Steve got up as well, clapping along with Tony, a big wide smile on his face as his eyes kept tearing up. Walking right up to Bucky, he put his arms around him, pulling him into a tight hug, turning his head to kiss Bucky’s cheek. “Do you have that written down anywhere?”
“Baby, listen to me, you don’t have to see a doctor right now,”  Steve said, though he wondered if he was inadvertently lying to Bucky as he spoke. “I’m not saying you did it wrong, but how about we take a second look with this thing, okay?”
“You’re correct, yes,” Tony nodded again, hating that Fury could still make him feel like a kid again. He felt like he was asking permission rather than giving an order. “I know you can handle this, or I wouldn’t be doing it.”
“We could, they might get along,” Steve shrugged, though he hadn’t thought about it until now. “I mean, I’ve never really set anyone up before, I don’t know how about you do it. But they seem to like each other.”
“I suppose I don’t have to ask where you were, you’re right here. We were supposed to meet an hour ago!”
“Different isn’t always good, Tony,” Stane sighed, having vented some of his anger so he was feeling a mix of disappointment and frustration instead. “And those things are important to a King.”
“Because you imprisoned him and did experiments on him! Me loving him has nothing to do with you, I’d rather he had a full happy life than to have suffered for me!” Tony snapped, his heard beating faster as he watched the doctor readying Bucky for this procedure. He could see the fear on Bucky’s face, and he hated himself that he was related to the man doing that to him.
“It’s so nice to have such thankful people come to live with us,” Pepper smiled, backing off to let Jarvis have room to work on Steve. “You’re going to have some tailors come in too to make you some new clothes. We’ll get both of your measurements and have some clothes made as soon as possible. Do either of you have a colour you like?”
Tony whistled as he walked through the corridor, his heart fluttering in his chest as he remembered everything Pepper had told him on how to behave. He was supposed to take them somewhere romantic, somewhere they could talk, and he wasn’t supposed to drink at any time during the date. He was supposed to bring them a gift, but not something extravagant, and he was supposed to ask about them and not talk about his inventions all night. He was to be a gentleman, and he was to refrain from intimate contact.
“…alright,” Steve walked forward, heading for the hatch as Fury turned to walk back down. Not letting go of Bucky for a moment, Steve followed him, his heart beating fast in his chest. He couldn’t help but worry this was a trick, even with Tony’s phrase in use.
“Bucky. My name is Bucky,” the boy said as he looked up at Steve again, their eyes meeting without the glass between them this time. “You don’t want this job, quit now while they’ll let you.”
Tony stood up from his seat, tugging Bucky in closer to hug him tightly, rubbing his back in slow circles. Breathing in the smell of the shampoo from the guest bedroom, he made a mental note to get some for his own bathroom. “I think Steve’s right, I think you’d drive yourself crazy trying to figure out what could be influenced and what isn’t,” Tony said lowly, not wanting to let Bucky go now that he had him. “I’m not going to insult you and tell you what you’re feeling is fake, okay? You are who you are, and that’s why I like you.”
“I’m sure I can manage something,” Strange had to chuckle at that, he’d already been thinking about what he could do to thrill the crowd. This wasn’t his idea of a good way to spend his time, but if he was being dragged into it, he might as well have a good time.
“I see you finally decided to grace us with your presence,” Stane said as he finished his last bites of egg and bread, taking a drink of water from his cup. His eyes moved up to meet his nephew’s as the man came wandering in wearing the same clothes from yesterday. “Did you even leave the workshop?”
“I think we need to eliminate the peasants,” Stane said without hesitation, as if he was suggesting the simplest thing. “He can’t marry they if they’re dead, now can he? All we have to do is have them killed in a way that can’t be traced back to us.”
“What would I do? I’d say something like…” Tony crawled closer, his eyes shining in the light of the fireplace, studying each and every mark on Bucky’s body. “Steve, fuck his brains out while I keep him busy. Stuff’s on the nightstand.”
“Oh wow…” Bucky said as he reached out to call up the images next, staring at the beautiful scenery, and the small town they’d be near. He liked the thought of being there a lot more than being inside of a big city, maybe there was a good side to all of this chaos. “What do you think the house looks like?”
“…I don’t know….” Bucky said, going back to sit on his bed as he ate his cupcake slowly, enjoying it as he broke off pieces and put them in his mouth. It was the most delicious thing he’d eaten in a while, or since he’d had Jack to look after him. It wasn’t that he wasn’t being fed, but no one else knew what he liked, or where to get it, and he hadn’t felt comfortable making demands about what he wanted. The closer they were getting to his birthday, the more tense he felt, and that wasn’t exactly helping his appetite either.
“We are, aren’t we?” Bucky’s smile was more genuine that time, more hopeful, and in that moment, he felt like he had a real chance at this. He could marry the King, he could change their kingdom, he could be everything he dreamed for himself. Steve Rogers could play the good soldier, but Bucky could be something darker, something more captivating instead.
“I have no idea how I’m supposed to go after that, I should have went first,” Bucky bemoaned, looking up at the amazing picture Steve had painted, in awe that his husband was so talented. “That is seriously amazing, Steve, I love it.”
“He’ll have to fight me for you,” Steve let out a playful growl, nipping Bucky’s collar before pressing little kisses against it.
Pulling into a spot near the cafe, Steve immediately spotted the person he was there to meet, giving him a wave as he walked closer. He hoped he wasn’t making a huge mistake right now, but it was the only thing he could think to do. He owed it to Bucky to do something, even in the worst case scenario.
“It’s for tools too. Or tequila. Or hard drugs,” Tony said as he ignored the criticism, picking the robot off the floor. Putting it back on his workspace, he brought a light down lower so he could fiddle with it. “Maybe we could get it to replace the Pope.”
“…I’m sorry too…” Bucky said, his voice small and sad as he gave Tony’s hand a gentle squeeze. “I’m sorry you’re losing your father over this.”
“You’re both insane…” Bucky mumbled, resting his cheek against his arm as he draped his arm over the bucket. The road was making him feel sick again, but he didn’t think there was any point saying anything, not until another contraction hit. “STOP! Stop stop stop!!
“That’s where it’s definitely very different,” Steve agreed with a nod, looking up at his mother’s face and smiling a little. “If we win, I’ll mostly be happy that you’re going to be taken care of. I don’t want you to have to work hard in the fish market every day, I’d like you to have some time to yourself.”
“It’s hard not to, Steve,” Sarah wiped her eyes, getting up to set the table for the two of them. As always, she laid a glass of water and an empty bowl down at the head of the table where Joseph Rogers last sat ten years ago. It was her offering to him, a habit she had no intention of breaking. “You should be moving into a place of your own soon, you’re a grown man, and-“
“Don’t touch me…don’t TOUCH me!” Tony pulled away, staring at Howard in disgust, nausea rolling over him. “What have you fucking done??”
“Actually, we can’t. Not a lip to lip one, anyway,” Tony sighed, frustration in his voice as he looked Steve in the eye. “You two can’t either, we all have to go in this in a frustratingly virginal manner. I mean, I’m not one, but I can’t have slept with either of you. If you have slept together, don’t tell me.”
“Your timing couldn’t be better, Buck…” Tony said, getting to his feet as he tried not to think about what Bucky had said, fighting back every time his brain suggested that he was going to lose Bucky in all this. Walking over to a drawer, he pulled out a blue velvet jewelry box, walking back over to the bed before he opened it. Inside there were three identical rings, white gold with a tri-colour gold braid wrapped around it. “That’s us, the three of us, we’re intertwined. We need you as much as you need us, Bucky.”
“Who is he in charge of again?” Tony asked, trying to think of what he’d heard attached to that name before. He’d been introduced to so many people in his life, it was hard to tell them apart without them standing in front of him.
Watching as Howard left, Bucky brought his knees up to his chest, burying his face against them as he wept brokenly, his hand still clutching Steve’s. Even as Steve let go of him to wrap both arms around him, Bucky didn’t calm down, only as he got tired did his tears start to slow.
“You don’t have time to throw some roadblocks in his way? You can’t tell him no? He signed your damn tax hike, why wouldn’t he sign something declaring that he’s to marry me?” asked Von Doom, his tone getting louder and angrier. “You promised me this, Stane!”
Ronin was relieved when his target finally went to sleep, convinced he was going to have to stand back and watch the man pleasure himself.  It wasn’t that he had a problem with masturbation; he had a healthy relationship with the act. But that didn’t mean he wanted to see some guy do it in front of him. He had an easier time with blood than he did with other people’s come.
“You scared us,” Steve said, taking out his phone to send a reassuring text to Tony as he walked over to his youngest boyfriend. “What is that, a blood pressure machine? Are you okay?”
“Seriously? I’m marrying…” Bucky closed his eyes, shaking his head as he couldn’t believe his luck in that moment. He’d resigned himself to being alone forever, but here he was with two soon to be husbands, and he didn’t think his heart could feel any fuller.
“I’ll make sure to keep most of your length, sir,” Jarvis promised as he lead Bucky to a chair and put the apron on him. “I can give you a cut that’s fashionable with the young men nowadays.”
“What are you going to do?” Steve frowned, rubbing Tony’s shoulder, giving it a light squeeze to let him know they were there. That they’d do anything he needed.
“Morning, Buck,” Steve said, walking in with two smoothies in hand, setting Bucky’s into the scanner as the nurse finished up with his blood pressure. “Morning, Christine, everything okay today?”
“And having a spouse by your side could help that, Tony,” Stane said, some excitement in his voice as he realized he had an opportunity to push his agenda. “Why don’t you marry Victor Von Doom? He’s got lots of experience running his own kingdom, I’m sure he’d love to rule over both kingdoms while you work on your projects.”
“I-yeah…” Steve stammered, unable to help staring at Bucky’s right arm. What he thought had just been a strange glove turned out to be a full arm, made with what seemed to be shifting panels of a silvery metal. At the top on the outside of his shoulder was a single red star, and where it attached to the teen looked scarred and burnt. Whatever had taken Bucky’s original arm looked like it had been painful, Steve had to wonder how long he’d had it. It looked like something made by Stark Industries, which made him wonder if they were the ones that took his flesh one.
“No, it’s not, it’s not fucking good! My father got away with it!” Tony yelled as he drove through a red light, trying to force himself to calm down before he killed them, or someone else. “Fucking lawyers and bribes and I don’t fucking know, but he’s out. He’s out and he’s going to come for Bucky, because Bucky can go to the press, he’s the only proof that exists and my father will wipe him out. We have to get away. Far away.”
“Wonderful,” stated Stane from the corner of the tent, starting to wonder if these two idiots would take each other out so that he could go ahead with his own plans. Maybe this dual winner nonsense would work for him, he wasn’t about to complain about the two men not getting along. Hopefully they’d fight soon and Tony would throw them both out.
“Yes please,” Steve grinned, looking back at the mirror at the uneven beard he’d tried desperately to keep neat. He didn’t quite have Jarvis’s skills though.
“I honestly don’t know,” Pepper hadn’t been included in that meeting, but she’d heard afterwards from Stane that it had happened. “I know it was a lot, that’s it, but I have no idea what that amount would be.”
“I’m working on my creation, what does it look like?” Tony said nonchalantly, looking through one of his large glass lenses, his tweezers delicately placing a cog into its spot. Carefully adjusting it, Tony sat up a bit to look over at the frantic Pepper who’d just came rushing in.
“You should,” Tony said, reaching out to put his hand on her s to make her stop writing. “You have my word.”
“I thought I could trust Steve before,” Bucky replied, glaring at Steve angrily, his hand balling into a fist. “And it cost me an arm.”
“How are you doing? How do you like it here?” Tony asked as he leaned back in his chair, crossing his legs as he swirled his whiskey in his glass. “Is there anything you’d like us to do differently? Are your families okay?”
As Tony walked through the rows of guards, he kept reminding himself to walk like his father had; slowly, elegantly, and with purpose. His head held high and cape flowing behind him, he emerged from the darkness into the bright light on the stage as the crowd before him began to clap and cheer. He knew they were only happy with him at that moment for what he’d provided for them that day, and he was content with that as long as no one started hurling produce or dead animals at him. Maybe this could be a new beginning for him, he could hold more parties and speak to the people more, and maybe then people would talk about him the way they did King Roger.
“Tony, I don’t think it’s a good time for that…” Pepper’s brow knit as her mind was filled with the more common named for Tony that she’d head.
So when Bucky leaned his head on Steve’s shoulder, wrapping both arms around his waist, Steve felt like his heart was going to break inside him. Pulling Bucky into a hug with both arms, Steve held him tightly, leaning his own head against Bucky’s to be that much closer to him. Closing his eyes, he took a deep breath, breathing in Bucky’s shampoo and body wash, realizing how much he didn’t want to let Bucky go right now, or ever again.
“Don’t go, stay with us,” Bucky said, moving back to Steve’s side and patting the empty spot beside him. “You’re upset, and Steve said people shouldn’t be alone when they’re upset. I think he’s probably right.”
“I thought I was going to hate you,” Steve whispered, chuckling as he moved his hand up to touch Tony’s shoulder, giving it a playful squeeze. “I’m glad we can do this too. I mean, I didn’t even really look at men before Bucky. He kind of opened up my eyes to that.”
“No,” Bucky corrected him, shaking his head before taking Steve by the hand, lacing their fingers together. “I never wished that I didn’t do it.”
“You could have at least come up with a plausible lie,” Bucky sighed, looking at Steve, who was struggling not to look as amused as he was. “Did he say that?”
“What’s funny business?” Bucky asked once Fury was gone and up the stairs, turning to look at Steve with a shrug. “You don’t think he means f-mmph!”
“Yes, not that I want Gwen gone but…I really want to see him too,” Bucky said, watching as Steve took Gwen back into his arms, though the spot wasn’t empty for long before the smaller baby was placed beside him.
“Here…” Steve got the chair from the corner, setting it down across from Bucky, though he didn’t put it backwards this time. Taking a seat, he offered both of his hands out to Bucky. “I get that something is bothering you, and I want to help you feel better. You don’t want to talk, but if you want to hold my hands, you can.”
“Yes, they…Father said I didn’t need to see anything more than my new room, I don’t think he wants to somehow give me some sense of hope, I’m much more useful broken down,” Bucky shook his head, tightening his grip on Steve as he tried to ignore the box, sick at the thought of going inside it only to emerge into another place like this.
“Our people can talk and see what they come up with. I don’t think it’s up to us Kings to negotiate the finer details of trade when there are more knowledgeable bodies to do so,” Von Doom said with a grin, having a good feeling that Tony was walking forward right into this. He was already proving himself important, now he had to prove himself as the perfect spouse.
“Good…I’m in my pyjamas…” Bucky said, as if that were the main reason he didn’t want people to see him. He was slowly getting used to new people, the staff around the mansion had been very nice and patient with him, but the thought of a crowd was too much right now.
“You’re as safe as any of us can guarantee,” Fury said as he got up in the cart with them, signaling for the driver to take them to the castle.
“They won’t be a stranger by that point, I’ll have gotten to know them,” Tony smiled, amused by how bothered his uncle was by all this. He loved the man, he was like a father to Tony, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t fun to mess with. “I can court someone in a month, I’m sure people have done so in less time.”
“Yes, my love,” Steve said, immediately doing as he was told, lowering his head in respect as well. Bucky just nodded and knelt quickly beside his husband, though he couldn’t help but look up at Tony.
“You could, I’d appreciate that,” Steve said, taking a deep breath to push down his crushing disappointment at giving up both his art and Tony. “So…is it a deal then?”
“But I did…” Steve said softly, setting down the biscuit as his chest ached from the years old pain. It had never healed, it was an open wound on his heart that he felt every day for the last six years. It only seemed to get worse, growing inside him, making him hate himself more and more. There was no relief, only hurt. “…and I still do.”
“Oh…okay…” Steve said, sitting next to Bucky and reaching a hand out to rub his back. “Are you okay? Are you checking on something in particular?”
“We have every reason to be happy with ourselves,” Tony was genuinely proud of both himself and husbands for everything they’d done together. There was so much ahead of them though, hardships that they would weather as a family, and triumphs that they’d celebrate together. There was one step in their lives that Tony was concentrating on now, though, and he couldn’t wait to take it with them. “Oh, did I tell you two that Pepper said she’d found the perfect baby for us to adopt?”
“Because you’re been sad enough in your life, we want to turn that around,” Steve said as he sat behind Bucky, rubbing his back in slow circles, leaning down to press a kiss to the back of his neck. “Are you still up for that appointment? We really don’t have to if you’re not feeling okay.”
Both Tony and Steve frowned at that, their hearts breaking at the thought of Bucky fearing abandonment after he’d had the baby for them. It had been so programmed into Bucky’s heads that he didn’t have a role past incubating the babies that he still feared it despite being told every day how much they loved him. He was going to have to be convinced that he was their top priority now and forever, and that adding to their family wasn’t going to change that.
“Yes we should, I really want to get a better look at their technology there,” Tony perked up, immediately for this suggestion, mostly because he was the one that originally made it. “I want to see vibranium up close.”
“Now, Von Doom,” Tony turned to the other King next, smiling at him. “Do you really want to stay here and watch me get married? Or would you rather just scurry back to Latveria now that your plans have gone to shit? Because, if I’m going to be truthful, I don’t particularly need or want you here. So…what is it?”
“They’re not words I associate with my craft, Sire,” Strange said after a moment of thought to find the right words. “I’m a very dangerous sorcerer, not a street magician. I’m used to controlling time, not amusing children. This is entirely beneath me, and I’m going to remind you of that a lot.”
“We’re on the same page for that too then,” Steve muttered under his breath, taking the last of the luggage, and shutting the lift gate. “Let’s go talk this over with him, I feel wrong doing it behind his back, even if it is just to say we support him.”
“The babies are with us still. You see that machine beside Tony? It’s monitoring them, and we can see their heart rates right there,” Steve said, not wanting Bucky to know that they weren’t out of the woods yet. “Howard is dead, Bucky. He can’t hurt you any more, he can’t hurt any of us.”
“To be fair, I didn’t think to,” said Tony as his face fell, looking sadly downwards at the floor. “I was so busy thinking about me just marrying them that I didn’t think to invite the whole world. Did someone invite you?”
“Is that a hint?” laughed Steve as he buried his face against Bucky’s hair, breathing him in as he closed his eyes. He smelled mostly of hay,  but it worked for him somehow. “I love you, Buck. I never, ever stopped.”
“You’re such a good son,” Sarah took Steve by the arm, smiling up at him. “I had a very nice time with you today, but you can go see Sam if you’d like. He’s probably not very happy that he had to work.”
“We have to cut their heads off too,” Clint added with a grin, not knowing how the others couldn’t see the humour in this. Then again, it wasn’t his life on the line.”
“They’ll stay here,” Tony reassured her, nodding slowly as his eyes drifted off back towards his feet. “I want them to spend the rest of their days in comfort, I’ll give them titles if I have to.”
Getting up from her seat, Natasha walked over to the array of fruit, looking through it before picking up a yellow plum. Holding it up, she took a bite, chewing thoughtfully as she examined it. “This is pretty round, and it’s sweet, and I might be losing it, but it seems to be yel-“
“Oh excuse me, cut their heads off and light them on fire,” Steve sighed in frustration. “Maybe we should get Sam, he’d be useful.”
“My gods…” Bucky threw back the hood, taking a deep breath of relief as he looked over at Steve doing the same. “I don’t want to be a monk. Ever.”
“So…retirement guy, he didn’t…?” Steve asked, not wanting to sound suspicious, but if the old man died here, he didn’t think he was going to like that much.
“That was five hours ago! Why didn’t you get us?” Tony asked, frowning as he knelt next to Bucky, putting a hand on his back. “We would have sat up with you, you didn’t have to be alone. You’re not doing any part of this alone, baby.”
“I’ve solved our problem!” Howard said with a little laugh, trying to play it off as nothing. “You get your man, I get my grandchildren, it’s a win-win situation.
“Shut up,” Bucky grumbled, though he only started to laugh again. He’d been in a good mood all morning, probably due to the great sleep and spread of food.
“That’s not bad,” Tony said, not thinking any more about it as he shrugged a little and took a drink of his whiskey. “If you want some time after our drink to rest, please don’t stay up on my account. We can talk later at supper, and afterwards.”
“I’m sure you could,” Tony said encouragingly, wondering if he should take Bucky by the arm before he told himself to just do it. Stepping beside Bucky, he offered his arm and a smile. “Shall we?”
Bucky’s mouth opened for a moment, not wiping the tears flowing down his face. Looking at both of his husbands, and finally the doctor, he slowly got to his feet, shaking all over as the tears flowed faster. “…okay…” he whispered, nodding slowly. “Okay I’m ready…”
“I can do that,” Steve agreed, looking over at the nightstand, specifically an ornate glass jar with a blue top. Reaching over, he picked it up and removed the cap to peer inside at what looked like rendered tallow but smelled sweet. Dipping a finger in, he realized the substance was very oily, and knew immediately it was going to work a lot better than spit did.
“Eighth lower level,” Steve said after putting his pass in and scanning his eye and thumb, leaning on the wall as the elevator sunk, glad that he was alone on it, though he knew that would likely come up at some point. Holding the white box from the bakery in both hands, he sighed softly, worried that he was going to screw this up and make Bucky hate him. It would be a quick way for all this to get so much worse, and he didn’t think he could handle the stress of that. He didn’t know if that would bring his job to the same end as his predecessor, or if his own fate would be more gruesome.
“I don’t want to say competition, that sounds harsh,” Tony shook his head, looking quite pleased with himself. “This entire contest was about fate, what chance would bring me, and it’s brought me both of you. So I can’t imagine doing anything other than this. I’d like to think I’m a fair King.”
“Let go of him now!” Tony snapped, taking a step forward when Howard reached inside his coat pocket, pulling out a handgun and aiming it at his own son. “Are you serious? We both know you’re not going to shoot me.”
Pulling Bucky’s shirt away from his body, Tony held his breath as he tugged it up and over Bucky’s head, dropping it to the floor once he was free of it. Bucky’s body was better than Tony had expected, lean, strong, and flexible from hours of yoga, with a ring of scar tissue around the metal arm, as well as a vertical line on his stomach, likely from whatever surgery his father had performed on him. Reaching out, he traced his fingers over Bucky’s collarbone, his hand slipping down to touch his metal arm before moving over the scar tissue.
“What is taking him so long?” Sarah asked quietly, standing in a room off the hall wearing a brand new light blue dress, her blonde hair in an intricate braid down her back.
“You really want that?” Tony’s eyebrows lifted as his inner Pepper got a lot quieter. She’d told him to keep this romantic and not about inventions and such, but if that’s what Bucky wanted, he couldn’t exactly say no.
“This is a waste of time,” Bucky grumbled as he leaned against the stone wall of the alley, taking a drink of beer as he waited for this draw to be over.
“Sire, I know what happened!” Pepper interjected, rushing over with two books clutched to her chest, somehow looking more stressed out. “Higgins was supposed to sell tickets eighty to one hundred twenty nine. He accidentally skipped ninety, I can see where he made the mistake in his book, and he had the extra ticket at the end so he assumed it was for one hundred thirty. So one of these men got their ticket from Higgins, and one did from Henry.”
Sitting in a chair in his study, Tony coached himself through each breath, his fingers biting into the plush armrests. When there came a knock at the door, he was so tense he almost came flying out of his chair. Panting, he got himself seated again, reaching up to straighten his hair with shaking hands.
“You are going to FUCKING HELP! And if he dies, so will you!” Tony shouted as he got to his feet, not wavering for a moment over Howard’s body as he pointed the gun straight at the doctor. “I just killed my father, you really don’t want to try me…”
“Holy shit, I’ll never cut my hair...” Bucky gasped between kisses, gripping onto Tony’s back with one hand and pushing away the coffee cup with the other as he was pressed into the work bench. He loved the feeling of Tony’s mouth on his, kissing him so much more urgently than the sweet kiss that Steve had given him last night, though he wasn’t going to complain about that one either. He was a novice at this, so he happily let Tony take the lead as he tried to mimic him, hoping that he wasn’t horrible at this.
“Bucky, I will be blunt, most people aren’t that great at first. It can be awkward, things can end fast, you might not know what your lovers are into, but there is good news,” Tony said as they walked down the hall, unable to keep from peeking at Bucky every few steps. “There’s always a lot of importance given to the first time, I get that, and it is exciting, but you will get better pretty much every time you do it. So while there’s all this pressure about losing your virginity and starting this relationship with two people, not just one, I promise you that we will get so much better together. We have all the time in the world to learn each others bodies.”
“So does this mean you two can live together now? You’re not going to kill each other or anything, are you?” Tony questioned, not wanting the headache of brawls happening in the castle because these two had a past.
“I mean, I don’t think I’d frighten people,” Steve stammered, wondering if that was a cue for him to talk or not. “I wouldn’t want to make anyone feel bad in any way. As a soldier, I always just try to stop violence, not make more. Most of my job was bringing people home so they wouldn’t get in more trouble.”
“I was approached by a man from a group called the Ten Rings,” Clint tented his fingers and leaned forward, planting his elbows into his knees. “I don’t know the man’s name, he just kept saying he was just representing the Ten Rings.”
“I told you before I wasn’t going to leave you, right?” Steve smiled back at him, seeing no reason why he shouldn’t stay there with Bucky. And if he changed his mind down the road, Steve knew he’d leave with him then. Bucky was his life now, he didn’t want anything else. Even if that meant moving in with Tony Stark. Though he had to admit, Tony made it look like a very good option.
“That was amazing,” Tony said as he began to clap, standing up to his feet as if he were at a professional performance. “That was beautiful, Bucky, how could you think it was any less than that? That was us in a song. You captured us.”
“What about Frank Castle?” suggested Stane, feeling a bit optimistic at leaving their future in that man’s hands. He was supposed to be both brutal and effective, and Stane appreciated both.
“You literally said that up until eight months ago and then it was all baby this and baby that, and here we are,” Tony reminded him, but he only got an annoyed look in return. “Look, if you’re really done, we can get your tubes tied and you’ll be done with birth control.”
“Wow…I…” Steve shook his head and laughed out loud, signing the contract. This wasn’t what he was expecting when he came into work today, but he wasn’t going to complain either. “When am I going to meet Bucky?”
“I agree, take it off,” Tony chimed in, winking at Bucky and blowing him a kiss. “I have been dying to see you with less clothing, and I don’t give a shit if you’re missing an arm, or if you have a hundred nipples, I want to see you. You’re beautiful just as you are.”
“There you are, I was wondering if you’d gotten lost or something,” Tony said as he looked over, watching as his friend walked closer. Moving over on the ornate bench, he cleared space for Rhodey to sit as his side. “Did anyone see you come?”
“So will your suggestions love me for me, or because I’m the king?” Tony shot back just as fast. “At least this way I’m pretty much guaranteed more honesty. I’ve socialized with the great courts of this land, and it’s pretty much a pit of vipers.”
“Pull over…” Bucky said suddenly, sounding frantic enough that Steve came to a hard halt, climbing out of the car fast, his foot catching on the door and spilling him to his knees. He didn’t have time to get to his feet before he was sick all over the pot holed dirt surface, coughing in between retches.
“That’s safe to say,” Steve crossed his arms, leaning against the wall beside his mother. “I don’t know, what do rich people eat? Are there animals we don’t know about that they have?”
“Kind of. I like entertaining people in here,” Tony laughed, stepping forward and turning so he could face both men. “I haven’t been ignoring you, I know it’s been a couple days since you got here, but...I’m just a man who’s not used to sharing his time with other people. I’m going to work on that.”
“Okay…here goes…” Tony breathed, knocking on the door and stepping back a bit, not wanting to seem like he was trying to crowd anyone. As he heard footsteps on the other side, he smoothed out his black casual clothes, having left the semi-formal outfit Pepper picked out on his bed.
“I don’t know. A lot,” Bucky mumbled, playing with the loose arm of his undershirt, still nervous about taking it off.
“I don’t know,” Steve said, gripping the wheel tighter, trying to drive on the flattest land in front of them as he put his window down to listen for oncoming traffic. He was thankful when the dot signifying their destination appeared on the screen, hoping that they could get there quickly.
“And there’s no way out of this? There’s no way you can take this kid and run or something?” Sam asked, his breakfast forgotten as he concentrated on his friend. “Is there anything you can do for yourself?”
“I…I don’t know…” Bucky shook his head, his heart thundering hard in his chest. “I don’t know…I don’t want to go to a doctor.”
“Will you tell me what you honestly want?” Bucky asked, curling up against Steve as he pulled his knees up.
“Yeah, not a problem,” Tony said, getting Bucky back into the car and shutting the door after him, climbing in himself. Looking at Steve with worry in his eyes, he wasn’t comforted when he saw the same in his.
“And I can drive the car into the lake, but is it a good idea?” Tony asked, popping an almond into his mouth. “Climb the tree if you want to climb something.”
“I agree,” Pepper nodded, putting her hand over Tony’s on the arm of the throne. “But those things are a matter for another day, for after the funeral.”
“It is what I’d like, thanks,” Tony brought his eyes up to meet hers. “I didn’t get to spend enough time with them. I feel like there was so much more I could have learned. I’d never seen a finished painting from Steve, or heard Bucky sing, and I can’t order them back to life, or buy them back. I’ve never felt so weak and lost.”
“Eighth lower level,” Steve said clearly, putting his badge around his neck, not sure if he’d need it again. This was definitely much tighter security than the metal detector at the front door.
“Of course, whatever you want,” Tony said, kissing the top of Bucky’s head as he reached over him to set his hand on Steve’s side, smiling as he soon felt Steve’s hand on his. Keeping quiet, he watched as Bucky soon drifted off to sleep, unable to get the smile off his face.
“May I present Sir Steven Rogers with his mother Sarah, and Sir James Barnes with his friend Natasha,” said a well dressed man they hadn’t met yet, gesturing for everyone to step forward as everyone rose to clap, except the seated King.
“I didn’t expect to fall in love and have kids, I didn’t think that kind of life was in my cards,” Tony began as his thumb ran along Bucky’s knuckles, feeling lost in his beautiful blue eyes as he did every day. “The fact that you even gave me a chance says everything about you, Bucky. You are the strongest person I’ve ever met, and I think that with determination like yours, you’re going to have a whole brood of kids and live to be over one hundred. I could never fight the way you do, I admire that, and I will be honoured to be your husband.” Having had about as much luck at holding back as Steve, he turned to him. “You could have…you should have hated me. Instead you opened yourself up, you let this happen, and I’m so fucking glad you’re not the jealous type, Steve, because I wouldn’t want to do this with anyone else. I love you completely, I couldn’t be happier you were a package deal.”
“He’s fine, he’s always fine,” Christine said with a laugh, fiddling with the stethoscope around her neck as she headed for the door. “Kind of hard to get sick if you can’t go outside. Speaking of which, don’t come in if you’re ill. Because he’s been in here most of his life and not picked up infections and illnesses, he’s very susceptible to getting sick.”
After hours in the air, most of which Bucky spent airsick, curled up, and avoiding the windows as Steve and Tony sat trying to think of something to talk about that didn’t remind them of their current situation. They’d talked about their childhoods, taking time to describe everything Bucky didn’t understand, before moving on through high school and college, laughing when they realized they both had a crush on the same famous women at the time. It had been lighthearted for a while, but things inevitably went dark again as time passed. Even though they had the time and privacy, Tony hadn’t wanted to discuss the pregnancy, choosing to lean back in his seat with a scotch instead whilst Bucky slept against Steve. When the plane finally touched down in the smallest town Tony and Steve had ever seen, they woke Bucky for the next stage of their journey.
Steve took a deep breath, holding his tongue as a litany of cursing ran through his head along with the image of himself punching Howard Stark’s teeth down his throat. Squeezing Bucky’s hand tightly, he fought to will himself to be calm, taking a few deep breaths as he thought of something he could possibly say to that.
“You’re so eager for that, I’m still worried mine is going to be terrible,” Bucky sighed as he walked into the sitting room, going over to the green loveseat he preferred to recline in. Picking up his drink, he took a sip, and put his feet up.
“We’re not going anywhere,” Steve said, reaching over to turn off the lamp with his free hand, rolling back over to Bucky’s side. “Not without you, not as long as you need us.”
“So what kinds of animals? Birds I’m assuming,” Bucky said once he’d calmed down, finishing off his smoothie, and setting the glass aside with a smile on his face.
“The wedding’s in six days, you two are going to have to get prettied up with new suits,” Tony said after they’d all had a moment to just take each other in. “I’m thinking you can both walk up the aisle arm in arm now that...well, now that I know you don’t hate each other.”
“It doesn’t matter if we know if they’re alive or dead, they’re too young to survive outside Bucky so if he dies, they’re dead too. I don’t need to hear it!” Tony snapped, petting Bucky’s hair back from his forehead, his eyes blurred with tears. “Nothing fucking matters if he dies!”
“Dad, I’m begging you, please don’t do this. Don’t do this to him, I love him so much…” Tony pled, looking over into Bucky’s eyes, seeing the fear in them and feeling sick that he hadn’t been able to save him yet. He wasn’t giving up though. “They’re Starks, I swear to you, those kids are mine.”
“Thank you so much!” Sarah gasped, so delighted with all the fine details of the brush that she didn’t notice Steve being sat down in a chair, an apron being draped around him by Pepper.
“You deserve this, Mom,” Steve picked up a piece of orange fruit off his plate, biting into it as he tried not to make a mess of the juices running down his chin. “Okay, this is messy whatever it is.”
Steve watched Howard back out of the room and head up the stairs, his arm not leaving Bucky’s shoulders as he clenched his teeth. He’d always tried to look for the good in people, but as far as he was concerned, he hated Howard Stark with everything in him.
Tony sat at one of his work benches, his large mug full of coffee sitting untouched beside him as he held a long piece of rigid wire in his hand, flipping it over in his fingers. He’d woken up early, just after Steve had left to go for a run, and he stayed in bed watching Bucky for almost an hour before he got up. He felt like he should be working on going through his father’s files again for anything on Bucky, but he couldn’t bring himself to do it. He was mentally exhausted, and on top of that he was entering a relationship with two other people, one of them being more complicated than anyone else he’d ever been with. He really liked Bucky, but how could he possibly know that Bucky really liked him? And would he lose Steve too if he pushed Bucky away? Could he live with that choice?
Bucky had taken that moment to press his lips against Steve’s, silencing him with a tender kiss. As the two men stood together in an embrace, they were both oblivious to Tony walking back into the room. Up until he came to wrap his arms around both of them, giving them a hug.
“It’s going well, you missed him by minutes, but I told him to go eat and relax,” Steve said, wondering where they were going just as they came to a halt in front of a non descript door. “Which room is this?”
“Are you serious?” Bucky snapped, almost giving himself a neck injury from how fast his head turned.
“N-no…” Bucky breathed, trying to stay even and slow, but he felt like he’d been kicked in the chest. No part of this was like the books so far, he didn’t know he could go into something like this with so much information and know absolutely nothing. “I can’t take it…the contractions on top of this road, I can’t do it.”
“I thought you could use the rest,” Bucky admitted, leaning his head on Steve’s shoulder as a wave of emotion hit him, bringing tears to his eyes. “I wish I woke you up too, I’m sorry…”
“Oh…yeah, I guess we can get some for the family, I just wanted a snack,” Bucky laughed, finishing off his orange juice, and reaching into the cooler beside him for a bottle of water. “I’m going to regret this, I don’t want to get up and go to the bathroom.”
“Bucky. you don’t have to do that. You shouldn’t be, you might cut yourself,” Tony said as he knelt down as well, glad that he hadn’t drank enough to make his head swim.
Steve blinked, completely taken by surprise by Peggy’s admission, though he felt like he shouldn’t be. If he knew something was wrong for a long time, she probably knew for longer, she was a lot sharper than he was.
“I like the sound of that,” Bucky said with a smile, trying to look less nervous than he felt, but inside his heart was in overdrive. “Can someone else go first, though? I need to think.”
“I tried, but every time I did, you interrupted me and wanted me to see something,” Pepper pointed out softly, really not trying to make him feel better about himself,  but it was about time for the truth. “You weren’t willing to lead for a long time, you wanted to do your own thing.”
“Hello today, how are you feeling Bucky?” Dr. Marner asked cheerfully from her home office. She hadn’t seen Bucky for a week now, though she’d told him to keep checking his blood pressure along with a few other tests he could easily do himself.
“I bet they don’t eat many pies,” Sarah added to the conversation, going over the most expensive foods she knew of in her head. “I have no idea. Maybe some sort of bird, like a swan?”
“We can do that,” Steve whispered, not bothering to wipe the tears from his eyes as he leaned his head against Bucky’s. “I love you, Buck.”
“We wi-“ Steve turned his head as the computer began to ring. Letting Tony sit up to accept the car, not wanting to disturb Bucky’s head in his lap, he smiled as Dr. Marner appeared on the screen. “Hi, Laura, sorry if we interrupted your plans.”
“I think I’m going to like living here more than at the mansion, I like that we’ll all be closer together here,” Bucky said, lying back down to look up, eager to see a properly starry sky. The view at the mansion had been a disappointment, but if Tony said there were lots of stars and lights here, he was going to love it.
“I can assure you, we agree with that,” Sarah looked back and forth between Steve and Bucky, wishing she could have fixed the past between them. “Bucky, I promise you, we don’t want to be enemies. I would never want that. I know there is only going to be one winner in this, but I hope we can make the rest of this time pleasant between us.”
“So when you made one of these…which one were you?” Bucky asked, figuring if Steve was trying to be light hearted, he should make an attempt to be as well. Inside, he just wanted Tony to come back with news his father was dead, and that it was safe to go home.
Tony didn’t reply, he only leaned in to press their lips together for a few seconds, breaking it regretfully as he leaned over Bucky. He wanted to do it again, deeper this time, tasting him as he ran his fingers through his short hair. He wanted to wake Bucky up and kiss him just as passionately, pinning him down to the bed. But he knew he’d be a fool to rush this. If things were going to happen, they’d have to happen in their own time.
“What do you want to do with them?” Steve asked, realizing he’d never talked to Tony about his interests much.
Steve straightened the strap of his messenger bag, following Ms. Carr through the doorway and into the hall they were in yesterday, though today they’d gone to the right instead, towards an elevator.
“You must be so curious as to why you’re here. Come, follow me,” Ms. Carr said, using her pass to open the door, walking down a hall, not turning to look back to Steve until she came to a door with a placard beside it that said ‘Conference Rm. #3’. Flipping the sign down, she pressed her thumb against it, closing it back up when she heard the door unlock. Opening it, she motioned for Steve to walk inside, revealing a rather plain room that pretty much looked like the conference room the client care team used for their meetings.
“Just when we’re out,” Tony said, stiffening a bit in his seat as Steve turned onto a dead end road, immediately thankful that he bought a vehicle with four wheel drive and glad that Steve had noticed that feature. “This is not a road, why is this considered a road?”
“And wander more, if there’s an area you shouldn’t be in, the guards will tell you,” Tony added as he gave Steve’s arm a squeeze, hoping he could get the man to open up more. “There aren’t many areas like that, they might not let you in the armoury, and Strange doesn’t like being bothered in his tower, but other than that it’s pretty much open.”
“No, please don’t leave, I don’t…” Tony got to his feet in a hurry, fumbling with his hands before he finally put them behind him. “I don’t think I’d have the nerve to call you back in here if you went.”
“I did to come here, I think that’s the best we can hope for,” Tony said as he sat down at the head of the table, keeping his hands back and out of the way as the servants rushed to bring him his food. “I did do some thinking, though.”
“You promised me a wedding, Stane,” Von Doom whispered sharply from the front row where the two men were sat side by side.
“Stand up, I’m not talking to air,” Howard said sharply, heading over to look at what he was working on, wondering if it was something they could use, or if it’s more like the chocolate milk machine Tony built when he was nine. Even he was surprised how big the explosion was. “What is this? It looks like a…table monster.”
“Holy shit…” Bucky burst into laughs, his head still swimming, but he couldn’t stop looking at his tiny baby girl. “Our little Gwen…”
“James, please take Steven’s ring and place it on his finger, pledging your life to him,” the priest’s hand extended forward as Bucky took the ring from his palm.
By the time Tony got home, it was after midnight, and he was both exhausted mentally and physically. Dropping his keys on the table and his jacket on the floor behind him, he headed for one of the many bars around the house, this one being in a room a few doors down that Howard had used for entertaining. Pouring himself a neat scotch, he downed it in one gulp before making another, praying that the alcohol would burn away the headache behind his eyes that had been nagging him since this morning. After another full day of pouring over records, he couldn’t find any trace of Bucky anywhere in Stark Industries files. He had wanted to bring Steve with him so he could open the elevator to the place where Bucky had been kept, but he wasn’t about to take the man away from Bucky right now. He’d get in, he knew where it was, it was just a matter of time until he could bring the police in for more evidence against his father.
“…you know what?” Tony said after a moment, closing the book and handing it back over to Pepper. “Good detective work, Pepper, but both of these people got their tickets fair and square. It’s not right to deny one just because the ticket seller made a mistake. I’m not going to punish them because he can’t write on a line right.”
“Are we going inside? What if we’re seen?” Bucky asked as the cart pulled up in front of the stables and Nick Fury got to his feet to get out.
“What? No,” Tony shook his head, laughing again as he tried to think of something interesting to tell these men about himself, besides the king thing, obviously. “No, they won’t be punished, but I might have Pepper pick a more suitable position for them than anything to do with writing. I wouldn’t dream of punishing someone for a mistake like that.”
“You mean your heir issue,” Tony corrected him, pouring himself more coffee into his large ‘Sexy Grandma’ mug. “I already said no to the surrogate, I don’t have time to raise a kid, and I don’t want my kid being raised by a nanny. So, as I’ve been saying for years, no. You should have had more kids if you like them that much.”
“Don’t worry, we have a few minutes,” Steve said, looking at Bucky’s pants before reaching out to take the sticker off the leg. “Feel like having a relaxed day?”
“We’re here, Bucky, they’re getting things ready in there, and you’re going to go to sleep and wake up so fast, it’s going to feel like no time passed at all,” Steve reassured him, taking a seat and gently tugging Bucky over to sit in his lap so he could rub his back again. “I had my tonsils out when I was nine, I was really scared to be knocked out, but it was pretty easy, so don’t worry about that part, okay?”
“Of course,” Tony led Bucky over to the mirror himself, putting an arm around him as Bucky took in his image. “What do you think? Think we can get you a working arm one day?”
“Natasha, Jarvis will be able to do your hair as well, is there a style you’d like?” Pepper asked the pretty redhead, wondering what would suit her best. “He’s very good at women’s hair too.”
“He’s not overly strong, it’s only a precaution, they’ve never had an incident,” Ms. Carr said, knowing that Steve likely wasn’t going to like the next part of their conversation. No one ever did. “Bucky has an implant in his neck that is triggered by the panic buttons, as well as the doorway itself. If he tries to leave, he will receive an electric shock strong enough to destabilize him.”
“Holy shit that was hot,” Steve panted as his hands dug into Bucky’s hips, pulling him into his thrusts so he could feel him just the little bit deeper. It didn’t take long until he found himself at the edge too, speeding up his pace before he came as well, seeing stars dancing in front of his vision for a few blissful seconds. When it faded, he regrettably pulled his cock out of Bucky and fell onto the bed beside him, trying to catch his breath as he stared up at the ceiling.
Bucky looked between them at the wide smiles on both their faces, a small one appearing on his own as he leaned back against Steve and closed his eyes. “How about we just lie together for a bit?” Bucky said sleepily, already worn down with the excitement of his day, though he wasn’t ready to take a nap just yet. “Our bed?”
“Please, all of you, if your name isn’t called, stay calm and quiet,” Tony said, projecting his voice as he’d been coached many times in the past. “If everything goes smoothly, the wizard will come back out and do more magic.”
“Your back and shoulder must be killing you, though, you don’t have to do it all now,” Tony said softly, wishing Bucky would stop, especially when he could see him hurting. “You’re supposed to be resting with your blood pressure. Let me take you to the couch.”
“Mr. Rogers, Mr. Barnes, if you’d like to come with me. The lovely ladies will be staying here,” Tony said, smiling as the two men got to their feet, both looking more than a little nervous. “Come, we’ll have some drinks. Have a chance to talk.”
“And you shall have them,” the priest said as he turned from them to the rest of the congregation. “Children of the Gods, rejoice, for we are about to see the creation of one new family from three. We will witness as these three men pledge themselves to each other, and the future of our kingdom. They will learn from the successes and mistakes of the past, and move forward to write their history in our books, and more importantly, the tomes of our Gods. Blessed are they.”
“I think Sam would both love and hate us for that,” Steve wasn’t sure if he should warn Sam first, or just let Missy walk up to him or something. He didn’t know how hands on Sam wanted to be in this. He’d have to make that decision later, anyway, he was stuck in the attic for now. “Okay, my turn to ask you a question. The last time you jerked off, who were you thinking about, me or Tony?”
“I feel so empty,” Tony admitted, impressing himself with his acting job, though he had to admit he found it depressing to pretend they were gone. “I feel like everything good has been taken from me.”
“It was never our intention to sneak him away,” Howard lied, though his smooth voice made the statement sound as innocent as it possibly could. “We’re just moving his things right now, we thought he’d be more comfortable with them there.
Closing his eyes, Tony broke down a little, shaking his head as he felt tears fall off the bottom of his jaw. He could hear their voices telling him to keep going, that he was doing great, and that he could do this. They would be there for him when Stane was gone, they were going to be his family now, and they could do this.
“Can you? Can you really?” Steve teased, laughing as Tony took a swing at his arm with a thin stick.
“Then let’s do this,” Tony laughed, turning to the priest and giving him a grin. “We’re ready, please give us the blessing of the gods.”
“Then you run out of air, plus most animals can open them back up again,” Steve smiled, glad that he could be silly with Bucky, it seemed to be lightening the mood in the room. It amazed him that Bucky could still have a sense of humour after everything he’d been through. Steve was pretty sure that was what was keeping him going.
Steve turned on the newly acquired and assembled ultrasound they’d been informed to get by Bucky’s new doctor, a lovely woman who was checking on Bucky over video calls until she could come up there for a few months. So far, they’d needed to buy a few medical supplies, and all of Bucky’s appointments over the internet had gone well, but Bucky was starting to show now. He was only going to get bigger, making things more complicated, and Steve was worried that Dr. Marner alone couldn’t save him if something went wrong.
“Precisely,” Tony grinned back, not sure if it was the stress of the day or his own exhaustion, but he was starting to get a bit silly. Maybe it was his brain’s way of protecting himself from the reality of what had happened. “Don’t worry, we’ll sort out everything with Bucky, I’ve got my lawyers working on everything.”
“What have you heard?” Tony asked as he leaned in, eyes wide and curious as he studied Pepper’s worried expression. “It’s just me, I’m not going to punish you for speaking. You’ve known me for how long, have I ever done that?”
“…I know you and Steve would say that, but it’s not as easy to convince me it’s true,” Bucky grunted, taking another small piece and putting it with the first. “Just let me do this and I promise you I’ll stop apologizing to you.”
“Just shut up about it!” Stane hissed quietly, looking over his shoulder at the guarded door, wondering if he could excuse himself by faking a headache. He couldn’t stand to hear much more of this.
“Just a little at the bottom, my lady,” Jarvis bowed slightly to her, reaching out a hand to pick up a beautiful carved brush, holding it out to her. “I can get you one just like this for your own use.”
“And ruin the surprise? You’re going to have to see when everyone else does,” putting down his tweezers, Tony turned to look up, his eyes sore from hours of focusing. “What was it we were meeting for?”
“Are you actually going to that?” Bucky raised an eyebrow, looking at Natasha as if she said she was going to get a position as the court jester.
“Have you slept at all? What time did you get in?” Howard asked, ignoring his smart mouthed child, wondering how he turned out like that between him and his late wife.
“Me too,” Steve added, just as determined in his tone as Bucky. “I’m ready to work hard and make this place a shining example to the world.”
“Alright…” Steve said, still wondering about Bucky and what he was going to be like. “May I ask what happened to the last guy?”
“…can I hold them?” Bucky asked, looking back and forth between Tony and Steve, desperate to see his babies now that he was awake and clear headed enough to know what had happened.
“I’ve heard rumours about him but I don’t know how true they are,” Pepper looked troubled for a second, but she soon pushed them out of her head. Now that had definitely been too bold to say. “Excuse me, Sire, I shouldn’t be talking about another king in that way. I beg your forgiv-“
“No, he’s right, but we don’t need to dig them up,” Tony covered his mouth with his hand, not liking what he was about to say. “My uncle told me once that the bodies of the executed are given to the medical school the next day, and I know today there was more than one. I think there were four. But they’d be in the bottom of the tower.”
“Sure, I mean, I need to be king if I’m going to lead people forward,” said Tony with a little shrug. “But I think the people will take me more seriously with one of them beside me.”
“I won’t pretend that you weren’t one, because you were,” Bucky said matter-of-factly, not about to sugar coat Steve’s behavior over the last few years. “But I have to admit, I don’t think I would have been ready for your apology for a while there. I was really angry.”
“I hope I can be anyway,” sighed Clint, leaning back in the chair, hoping that his cooperation was going to earn him mercy. He was going to trust in Natasha and Bucky, though, even if his head was likely on the line.
“Are you okay, Bucky?” Steve asked, squeezing his hand, feeling like Bucky needed him more than he needed to panic in his own head.
“…I never said that,” Bucky said softly, closing his eyes as he felt the car slow down as they entered town. “Just…give me time.”
“Please say with us,” Bucky said, offering his metal hand out to Tony, looking up at him expectantly. “I want you here. We want you here.”
“I’m thinking a fire display, what can you do in the lines of that?” Putting weight on his crushed foot, Tony made a face, leaning against the wall.
“Blessed are they,” the congregation repeated obediently, Sarah Rogers eyes shining with tears as she spoke with them.
“I give to you, my people, your future kings, Steven and James,” Tony grinned widely as they approached the stage, dressed regally in blue and black respectively. “Now, I realize this is going to take a bit of explaining, this is supposed to be a funeral and yet the dead are right here, ready to marry me instead. It is rather confusing, it took me a little while to figure it out. Too long, actually, if I’m going to be honest. So I’ll just turn this over to the person who knows what’s going on. My uncle, Obadiah Stane. Stand up, Uncle, take a bow.”
“I will find them,” Stane said, bowing out of the tent, just happy to be away from his nephew and his new boyfriends for a bit.
“You’re not going to lose me,” Tony said angrily, half wanting to take the bottle back, but he didn’t want to escalate things between them. “I just need some time, like you said, no one gets over something like this overnight.”
“Bucky, fuck!” Tony moaned loudly as Bucky’s body clenched down around him, milking every last drip of come from his body as he struggled to stay upright. By the time he felt his orgasm winding down, he felt like Bucky’s body had drained him, and it was all he could do to lie down on his other side, staring across him at Steve. “…wow.”
“I would imagine a lot of people,” Steve shrugged, watching as Bucky put the water down before taking it for himself. “You’re a really good looking man, your body is likely still as stunning as I remember it being.”
“You two can take those hoods off for now,” Fury said when they got to the bottom of the stairs, leading them over past a pair of polished wood coffins, and over to a room full of old books and boxes of candles. “You should be safe in here.”
“She’d met someone,” Steve said, which was true, it was easier than explaining that his feelings had changed. “It’s fine, it ended on a really good note. We still love each other as friends, and now she can be with the guy she likes.”
“W-wow…” was all Steve could manage, his heart beating with excitement in his chest. Then, as the thought of Bucky getting made over entered his head, he couldn’t fight back the blush that rose to his cheeks. He’d always thought that Bucky was handsome, and imagining what he looked like now was definitely having an effect on Steve.
Pepper gave Tony the flattest look she could muster, not moving an inch as her arms fell at her side. If her expression was an action, she’d be throttling Tony at the moment.
“You’re very welcome,” Tony raised his glass, smiling widely as Pepper lead Von Doom from the room. As the doors closed behind him, his face fell back into a melancholy expression as he grabbed the whiskey to pour himself more.
“If I backed out now, the people would riot,” Tony pointed out as he smoothed his hand over his beard, wanting to look smart for the crowd. “And they’re all drunk, so it would be a messy riot with lots of vomit. I don’t want that in the history books under my name.”
“But this isn’t just being open with you, this is…this is a matter I have no business in,” Pepper tried to start working on her list again, but she kept looking up at Tony. “I shouldn’t…”
“Sire…” Steve took a deep breath, chancing a look over at Bucky. He wanted to give him this more than anything, but the thought of his mother having to work until she was dead popped into his head. He didn’t want to do that to her either. “I think Bucky needs this more than me, but…I can’t drop out of the running. I need to look after my mother.”
“Of course, thank you,” Steve said as he got to his feet along with Bucky, wishing he hadn’t eaten quite that much. Following Tony out of the room and through a door behind his seat, Steve found himself in a room full of comfortable looking furniture. Amongst the couches and chairs were tables with empty glasses and tall bottles full of brown liquid, most likely more whiskey.
Bucky made a face at Namor, though he said nothing, still turned towards the fire. Picking up a piece of bread, he lifted it to his lips, pausing before taking a bite. It was good, but it wasn’t the same as a proper meal. Those were few and far between in their house, though, the majority of their money came from Namor’s fishing and whatever Natasha and Bucky could steal. The others did their best, but they weren’t as good at picking pockets.
“My heart says to take them both…” Tony said after a moment, conceding the truth to Rhodey that he’d been afraid to tell himself. “Rhodey, that can’t be the right answer, no one would allow that.”
“Tony, this isn’t up for discussion, this needs to happen,” Stane was going to shut Tony down before he could even start to argue. “This visit is a blessing from the gods, and we’re going to take it as such. I hate to say that Steven and James died for fate to play out this way, but this is really for the best. This will give you the life you want.”
“So you two like this place then?” Tony smiled, looking at them both, gently rubbing Bucky’s arm before his hand moved to Steve’s side. “I mean, we can paint if you don’t want wood walls, or-“
“There was no way I could convince Tony to marry you before now,” Stane scoffed, shaking his head. “I couldn’t convince him to do any of his Kingly duties beyond signing things. You think I could have made him marry you? He doesn’t even want to do it now, and his throne is on the line.”
“I can’t move…” Bucky mumbled through the pillow, not budging except for breathing. He didn’t think he was going to be able to for a few more hours, at least.
“No, I picked this place because it’s in the middle of nowhere, I don’t think there are many security cameras around, and my father knows how useless I am in the wilderness, so he’d probably start looking in cities and that,” Tony said, turning his head so that he could see Bucky better. “This seemed like the perfect place, it’s just an advantage that it’s quiet and remote for you.”
“I’ll show you when it’s done, okay? It’ll be more impressive that way,” Tony smiled, picking up his mug to take a drink, hiding his mouth for a moment. “Bucky, can we talk?”
“We’ll love whatever we get, won’t we?” Tony said, bringing his hand over to touch Bucky’s very round stomach, watching as the twins moved under his skin, a sight that he didn’t think he’d ever get used to both for the awe of watching his children and the fact that Alien had been one of his favourite movies as a kid.
“I’ll see what I can do,” Tony shook his head as he turned to leave, knowing he still had a few more visits to make to get everyone on the same page. Pepper was going to love him for it. “I’ll be in touch.”
“What’s he like? If I go in there, is he going to tear my head off?” Steve asked, wondering if he was going to be a gigantic pain in the ass. “What makes him special exactly?”
“I’ll talk. I can do that much,” Bucky said, his voice small and afraid, though his determination shone through his expression. “What’s going to happen to me though?”
“I wish I could forget it now,” Pepper put her elbows on the desk and leaned her head against her hands. “Can’t you go down in history for being the nicest king or something? Maybe the king with the most paintings, can’t I just find you some artists to do portraits? One for every outfit you own.”
“…we should guess, I mean, there’s really only three combinations, winner doesn’t have to make dinner tonight?” Tony suggested, looking over at his phone to see if the doctor had messaged back before turning his attention back to Steve and Bucky.
“He’s right, we were going to get under the blankets, it would have been adorable,” Tony said, giving Steve a smile of his own, shrugging innocently and shaking his head. “How about you go back in the bathroom and come out once we’re all set up?”
“We’ll take good care of him when he does wake up, he’ll have everything he needs,” Tony reached out, taking Steve’s hand and giving it a squeeze. “Are you okay?”
“And so you shall,” Tony slipped a shirt over his head, tying the top loosely before slipping some pants on. “I’ll go have a guard get us some treats, you two just make yourselves comfortable.”
“Why not?” Tony asked, letting go of Bucky and stepping back, offering a hand to him. “Come on, we’ll find Steve. This has to be more fun than exercising on a machine. And it does burn calories, so it’s really a work out of it’s own.”
“How are you doing, Buck?” Tony asked, remembering what they were talking about earlier and hoping that Bucky was less afraid now. Honestly, he couldn’t imagine what would be going through Bucky’s head, he could barely think with what was going through his own.
“That was an option? Y-ohhh!” Bucky set his mug down, curling up around his stomach, and letting out a garbled cry through gritted teeth. Grabbing the watch, he noted the time before putting it back down again. “No more. No more, please. I can’t do this!”
“Tony’s fine here, yes,” Tony nodded, gesturing for the two men to sit on one couch whilst he took a seat across from them in a high backed scarlet and oak chair. Reaching over to the table, he poured three glasses, handing two out and taking one for himself, which he held up. “Cheers! You know what cheers is, right?”
“We can do that…” Tony said, his voice relaxing a bit as he looked at the two men standing before him. They were both certainly handsome and strong looking, he wasn’t going to have an ugly spouse, that was for sure. He noticed the one seemed to be missing an arm, though he was more curious as to how that happened than bothered by it.
“I snore if I’m really drunk, but I’m barely buzzed, so you’re safe tonight,” Tony laughed, standing up with a sigh, looking down at the two men with a small smile. “I’ll go get changed, but feel free to talk about me when I’m gone.”
“I do what I can,” Steve chuckled, blushing himself. “I mean, we can do that now, but…I kind of want something to eat first so I have some energy. I feel like I’d be terrible right now.”
“We do, they were supposed to buried in them,” Tony let go of his fiancés, going over to their coffins and opening them up to reveal two gold crowns with red jewels encircling them. Carrying them over, he put them on the pulpit just before he reached into his pocket to pull out two gold rings like his own. “I thought of everything.”
“That sounds fine, you’re the goat expert,” Natasha reached over to get a log, adding it to the fire before she turned back to Bucky. “Maybe we should wait, have a big meal the night of the lottery drawing.”
“So you think he’s just going to be fine with a big ugly scar and the complete lack of a limb? When he can have ANYONE?” Bucky pursed his lips, looking down at his feet as his anger simmered inside him. “No one’s going to want me, especially a king. We might as well just go home and listen to Namor tell us what a stupid plan it was in the first place.”
“No, don’t go,” Bucky said, sitting up again, wide eyed and nervous, looking back at Steve to ask him silent permission.
“Please, I’m not my father, he’s…” Tony covered his mouth for a moment, unable to stop watching the wonder in Bucky’s eyes as he stared out at the back yard. “I’m sorry. I don’t know what it’s worth, but I am.”
“He won’t leave us, he can’t…” Steve said, struggling to keep eye contact with his husband as he felt the tears dripping off the bottom of his jaw.
“I could have done both,” Tony felt sick, the tears misting his eyes now were completely genuine. He’d failed his people, there was no other way to put it. “How much did we take from Wakanda?”
“Not all of us can be as cold as you, Namor, gods above…” Natasha frowned at the man before she sat down on the floor beside Bucky, watching him eat out of the corner of her eye.
“No, you don’t have to,” Steve shook his head, wondering just what he was going to tell Bucky, hoping he didn’t pull our a king or something. There weren’t that many interesting facts about him, and he didn’t want to get weirdly personal yet.
“God…” Tony wished he had another drink, the warm buzz from the first three not doing anything to touch the pain in his chest. “I’m going to get that chip out of him, I’m going to get him outside and…and I’m so fucking sorry. I feel sick to my stomach thinking of what happened to him in my name, I am going to spend the rest of my life making it up to him one way or another.”
“Yes, you should wait until after then,” Pepper said, turning to a new page in her notebook as she nervously chewed the inside of her cheek. “Tony, we have to talk about the funeral a bit. What do you want the clergy member to say about them? I can interview Sarah Rogers and Natasha Romanov, but this is about you as well. They were just about to marry you.”
“Come on, Buck, it’s just us,” Steve coaxed, smiling when Bucky’s hand fell down to the bottom of his shirt, playing with the hem. “You have nothing to worry about.”
“What do you think?” Tony queried, closing the door behind them, a mix of candle and moonlight illuminating the large room.
“My mother bought the ticket, I can get her to clear up who sold it to her,” Steve offered, figuring that would be the easiest way to clear things up. He wished he could just give this to Bucky, he would if it wasn’t for his mother.
“I can do that, of course,” Tony grinned, putting a hand over his heart. “I promise you, I’ll be on my best behavior.”
“Like I know how to operate a chainsaw. I couldn’t even use a microwave until a couple months ago,” Bucky said, holding the handle tight as he stabbed at the wood until he was stuck in deep enough that he could push a piece off. “This is good enough.”
“I don’t know what’s going to happen afterwards, though,” Sarah hoped this wasn’t going to spoil the rest of the day.
“And it better be working because we want to see some skin, damn it,” Tony whistled, clapping his hands together with a cheeky smile on his face. “Take it off! Take it off!”
“Excuse me, the box?” Steve said, looking around for a second before his eyes fell on what looked like a large chest at the foot of Bucky’s bed. “That?”
“Isn’t that good? I had some before you got up,” Sarah smiled, going to help herself to another cup, not noticing the tremor in her hand until she spilled a little coffee on the floor. “Oh no, I’ll just-“
“We’re well rested and fed, I assure you,” Von Doom said with a smile, though there was no joy in his eyes. “We were travelling for your wedding, actually. It’s a shame to hear what happened to your fiancés, though I’m glad that Latveria can be by your side in this terrible time.”
“Good, I’m glad,” Tony relaxed, standing a little closer to Bucky as he turned back to the shelf. Time to lighten the mood again. “Do you want to see me wind the rest of these up?”
“Right here,” Steve said as he took it out of his pocket where it lay next to his own phone. He half wanted to ask why they called it Bucky’s habitat, it made him sound like a zoo animal. Though Steve didn’t know what the kid was like, there was every possibility that he could be completely wild. “I meant to ask, should I continue wearing business casual? Is this job going to be physical at all?”
“Plans have changed a little, my son will be returning home from a project he was working on in Taiwan tomorrow, and I want to have Bucky there to meet him. I think we’ve waited long enough for this,” Howard said with a pleasant smile, acting like this had all been an innocent misunderstanding, not that they were trying to whisk away Bucky from under Steve’s nose. “You’re welcome to continue your position at our mansion, of course, you’ll be given a room near Bucky’s like you have now, and the same rules will apply for him.”
“Yeah yeah, tell us another one,” Fury said as the guards took a hold of Stane, leading them down the aisle Bucky and Steve had just walked up. He was enjoying his slow walk through the chorus of booing, though he didn’t think that Stane was.
“Of course, my lady,” Jarvis said, setting the box down on the table and opening it to show off an array of scissors and combs.
“Jesus…” Steve exhaled the breath he didn’t know he was holding in. “Bucky, is there anything, anything at all, you want from me? Is there a reason you’re telling me this now?”
“You ready, Steve?” Tony queried, getting closer to Steve, putting his hand on the other man’s back, bending him over a little. “Are you sure you’re good with this?”
“Damn, I wouldn’t want to be her,” Steve wiped his eyes, laughing again, surprised by how well this was going, and how good it was to get all the built up feeling off his chest. “I think we should have been honest with each other before now.”
“How you holding up, Buck?” Steve asked, pressing a kiss to the side of his head. “You’re so good at this, I can’t believe what a diplomat you can be. I’d never thought you had it in you, and I’m proud of you. I should probably say that more.”
“I definitely want that,” Bucky said, letting out a shaky breath as he looked up to Steve. “What about you guys being with each other?”
“It was hard in a way that you’re probably not thinking, baby, we were just worried about getting care for you either way,” Tony said, brushing a piece of hair behind Bucky’s ear before leaning over to give him a soft kiss. “I’m going to be honest, I’m not sure what I’m going to do to help you yet. But that doesn’t mean I’m not going to work hard at finding a solution. I will not let you be in danger, it’s not happening. Protecting you is the whole reason we’re in the middle of nowhere already.”
“No, I’d save you both, that’s why Tony’s here with us too. One of us would take you, one of us would take the baby,” Steve said, shaking his head, not wanting to think about this taking Bucky’s life from him. It had occurred to him in the past, and he’d pushed his thoughts from his head then too. As far as he was concerned, Bucky would never die.
“I do like that, thank you,” Steve said as he followed him up, gasping a little as he stepped into the bedroom. The skylights above the bed were purple with the last light of the day, and the bed underneath was almost as big as Tony’s bed in the mansion, though this one looked softer. “Are you claiming your spot, Bucky?” “Yes,” Bucky replied, lying on the middle of the bed, staring up at the sky. “Will we be able to see lots of stars here?”
“I taped a plastic sheet to the backseat, we can put him there, and then we’ll have to drive really slowly and carefully because I don’t see those bumps being very good for someone in labour. In retrospect, I should have gotten this road fixed and paved,” Tony said, mentally kicking himself for missing that detail. He was going to feel guilt for every pain Bucky had along that road.
“Mention it to Pepper tomorrow, she can send the right letter to the right place,” Steve looked over at the other two, starting to get nervous about his present. He’d spent weeks on it, but it still didn’t seem like enough, especially after finding out what Tony’s was.
“You’re not supposed to think,” Tony growled playfully as he began to thrust into Steve, wrapping his arms around him to run up and down his muscular frame. “You’re just supposed to feel.”
Steve leaned back in the chair, feeling like someone had just knocked the wind out of him. How could he do this job knowing what they’d done to Bucky, but how could he abandon him? Ms. Carr had talked about Steve staying on after Bucky was moved, meaning he was going to be going with Bucky to Stark Mansion. He was going to be holding Bucky’s hand through getting pregnant, having kids, and the fallout of both on his tortured mind. He was convinced this could be enough to kill the young man, and he doubt Howard Stark cared for a second as long as he got a baby from his own bloodline.
Tony had been having a blissful dream about taking Steve and Bucky on a trip to Japan to his favourite food district in Osaka, an area called Dontonbori. They were walking up and down the streets, sampling all the amazing food from fried cheese balls to ice cream in buns to fried pork on a stick, chasing it all down with a cold beer. They were having so much fun in his dream that he didn’t notice Bucky disappear from their group, and Steve was too drunk to help him. Dragging his one husband, Tony ran up and down the street, looking in every shop and alley, getting more frightened by the moment. Screaming Bucky’s name at the top of his lungs, Tony was in a full panic as something startled him out of his sleep.
“To be fair, that was kind of by chance too if you think about it,” Steve took a drink of tea, finally starting to warm up now. “She happened to go out that day, happened to be there at that moment…”
“Why does your mug say ‘Sexy Grandma’?” Bucky asked first, laughing a little. “Sure we can talk. About what?”
Bucky didn’t answer for a moment as he went back and forth in head on whether he should bring Namor with him. The man was positively rude at the best of times, but he didn’t want to just leave him behind either. He’d have to leave it up to Namor, he wasn’t sure if his friend had any desire to live amongst royalty, but he would give him the opportunity at least.
“You should have heard her when she was born, she was loud. We’re definitely going to know when she wants something,” Tony chuckled himself, beyond thrilled that Bucky seemed more wrapped up in seeing his children than in worrying that they weren’t at home. “She calmed right down for her Daddy, though.”
“You don’t have to call me that. Sire is fine,” Tony replied, a little amusement on his face. Were they going to start debating for the position? He could get behind that. “Who do you want to discuss then?”
Bucky stared at Steve for a moment, not knowing what to say to the compliments he was giving him. He’d never thought very highly of himself, and even his last companion hadn’t said things like that, and he’d claimed to be in love with Bucky. He felt like for the first time in his life, someone was appreciating who he was, someone genuinely liked him, it was far beyond his wildest expectations.
As the doors opened to a fanfare of horns, Tony walked into view looking more like a king than he ever had in his life. Wearing beautifully tailored red and gold robes featuring thousands of hours of embroidery work, his red velvet and white fur lined cape fanned out behind him as he walked forward. Around his neck was a heavy gold chain with the red sun of their church, and on his hand a thick matching ring that signified his crown. On top of his neatly combed dark hair was his crown, polished to shining, each gem sparkling in the sunlight passing through the windows.
“You have that time now, just tell Pepper what you need and she’ll bring it to you,” Tony said, getting the bottle to pour a new round of drinks. “Sam, why do I think I know that name connected to you?”
“I’m glad you value us more than land,” Steve chuckled, looking at Tony and wondering if this would be a good moment to kiss him. He was so giddy he couldn’t think straight. “Sorry, I’m trying to figure out how to kiss you and I’m having trouble.”
“Thanks, Mom. I’m sure he would have loved that,” Steve said as he relaxed in front of the fire, holding his hands out to warm them up more. “I’d go find him but I’m not sure where he went.”
“Not yet! Not…not yet…let her sleep, I’m okay,” Bucky moaned, clutching his stomach as he clenched his eyes closed, trying his best to breathe. “It started after four…”
“Fuck yeah,” Bucky said as he pulled back, pressing another kiss to Tony’s cock before he switched from his elbow back to his hand propping him up. “Steve’s never been fucked, be careful, okay?”
“Are you okay? You’re kind of pale,” Sam said, a bit concerned for his friend, especially considering Steve had never had a problem speaking to him before. Something was up. “Steve, be honest with me, I’m the guy who showered you and put you to bed after your twenty first birthday party, I’ve seen everything, I know you. You don’t have to hide anything from me.”
“Okay this is sounding too complicated and dangerous,” Steve shook his head, not agreeing with the way things were going. He didn’t want to risk his mother in a room next to a bed on fire either.
“Yeah, it’s okay,” Bucky sighed, looking back to the little dog on the shelf, wondering if he could make it wag its tail again. Maybe not right now. “My father died when I was a small kid, I don’t remember him at all. My mom and sister, though, they…they got sick one winter. My mom couldn’t work, and we were thrown out onto the street, and they were just so sick…”
“That sounds fair,” Stane nodded, looking over Tony’s shoulder at the books, glad that it looked like this was being taken care of easily enough.
“I think a pale blue for me, if that’s alright. I’ve always wanted a pale blue dress,” Sarah gushed, feeling tears prick the corners of her eyes as she imagined herself walking down the stairs clad in a beautiful gown with her hair braided in a crown on her head. It had been the thought that got her through many shifts at the docks, and now it was within her grasp.
“No…wait, yes,” he had to admit it, he got good ideas sometimes. “Can you treat it exactly like a wedding? I’d like Steve and Bucky to be buried with their dress clothes and rings. It’s the closest I’ll ever have to marrying them for real.”
“…tell me about the job, please,” Steve said, picking up the stylus and signing his name on the tablet, pushing it back over towards Ms. Carr, hoping he was doing the right thing.
“I did it a lot thinking of both of you,” Bucky teased, breathing harder as he felt another digit slip inside him. “That felt better than anything, pretending you were inside of me.”
“I’m not insulted that you thought I could be a monster having gone through this with my father. I would have assumed I was an asshole too, so don’t feel bad about that,” Tony said, letting out the deep breath he’d been holding in, though he wasn’t entirely satisfied yet. “I know you told the police that you don’t know if he did anything to your brain, what makes you say you don’t know instead of no?”
“I’m…I’m sorry, I’m having a hard time with that,” said Tony, his voice shaking along with the rest of him as he looked between them. Fuck, this was going to end so badly, why did he ever think this was a possibility? Why did he think he could be happy?
“Alright. Well, the biggest baby is a girl, and…” Dr. Marner paused, trying to be a little dramatic for them. “And the other is a boy. Congratulations, who had one of each?”
“I don’t know…” Bucky didn’t move an inch, keeping his voice as low as possible. “Maybe it’s just Namor, maybe-“
Stepping out of the bathroom, he patted his leg when he realized the husky pup Tony and Steve had gotten him as a belated birthday present was staring at him. “Come on, Laika,” he called softly, heading downstairs to the living room with his dog in tow. Spreading out on the couch, he pulled a blanket down over himself as Laika got behind his knees. The pain was still there, almost like an echo, but he didn’t think he needed to wake Steve and Tony about it. Hopefully they’d understand why he spent the rest of the night on the couch.
After telling Bucky he would be back in a few hours, Steve set off on his motorcycle to a coffee shop by his old apartment, feeling like he had a heavy stone in his stomach. This hadn’t been an easy decision, but nothing had been easy since he realized he loved Bucky. He knew what had happened the last time someone had fallen for Bucky, and he had to accept that it was a real possibility that he was endangering his life. Even getting on his motorcycle that morning had been stressful, not knowing if it was going to explode when he turned the key. Obviously Howard Stark hadn’t figured out what was going on yet, and it had to stay that way, even if it meant never telling Bucky how he felt about him.
“Good guess, but how did you know we were already there?” Pepper asked, genuinely curious as she paused her pencil above her paper.
“Maybe the gods worked in your favour that night,” Steve blushed at the compliment, delighted that Tony both him and Bucky. He couldn’t help but feel protective over his old friend.
“I’ll have you looking like a proper Prince in no time, sir,” Jarvis nodded at Steve’s reflection before turning back to his work.
“Very good idea,” Pepper nodded, her voice tight and irritated, eyebrows raised as she tried to contain herself. “Go. Now.”
“He’s never really wanted to talk about that,” Natasha said, keeping her arm across the door, not moving an inch. “You have to understand that I’m not about to let you hurt him.”
“It was fine, we mostly played cards between patrols,” Steve took the tea with both hands, leaning back in his chair. “It’s not quite what I pictured when I signed up to the King’s service. I thought I’d be doing good, not breaking up bar fights and getting cats down from rooftops.”
“I can go with you, I’m able to walk,” Von Doom turned to look back at Tony and Stane, giving them a nod. “I shall see you both at supper. Thank you very much for your hospitality.”
“You love me, gods I love hearing that,” Steve sighed, moving closer to Bucky so he could wrap an arm around him, pulling him closer. “Say it more often, until I have it burned into my memory.”
“This place is beautiful, I still can’t believe we’re here,” Steve smiled at the King, impressed by Bucky’s last line but not about to point it out here or anywhere else.
“I promise you, Mom, you’re not holding me back,” Steve reassured her as he went to take his seat at the table across from his mother. “I should invite Sam over for your stew one day, I’m sure he’s sick of whatever they’re serving in the barracks tonight.”
“Why didn’t anyone think of this sooner?” chuckled Bucky, not wanting to move an inch from here. Both Tony and Steve were wrapped around him, and he’d never felt so warm in his life.
Walking to the front of the room, Tony approached a wood chair that had been placed between the two coffins set up on stage. Reaching out, he put his hands on both, murmuring something just loud enough to be heard, running his fingers across the polished surfaces. He stood motionless for what seemed like minutes before he finally took his seat, keeping his hands on the coffins as he nodded his head to signal to the waiting priest.
“I-oh my god! Sorry, sorry,” Steve said as he stepped out of the bathroom, holding his chest as he recovered from the surprise, and gathered himself. He’d thought he was alone, and now he was looking at the other two men, naked, and obviously in the middle of something. “Hang on, I’ll-“
“Jesus. Are they hiring? Because I’ll give up being a pilot for whatever the hell is is you do now. What do you do now?” Sam asked as he walked over to a table in the corner, taking a seat and picking up a menu. “Why am I looking at this, I want the Denver omelette.”
“O-oh…okay, that’s…that’s hot,” Steve could feel his body responding to Bucky’s words as his heart beat faster, a tingle ran through him, and he felt his cock stir in his trousers. “I’m sure we can do that for you, have you in the middle while w-“
“I know you’re bringing a stranger in here and making my life difficult,” grumbled Fury, staring Tony down with every ounce of frustration he was feeling. “I know you want a party to start this all off with.”
“If they’re still here,” Natasha snorted, shaking her head at the incompetence around her. Not that she minded playing bodyguard to Bucky; she was the only person she trusted to keep him safe. For extremely obvious reasons.
“He’s well, he’s fine,” Tony said with a nod, looking at Fury’s eyepatch, wondering just how that happened. He doubted he’d get an answer out of the man though. “I wanted to speak with you myself. I don’t know how much you know of my plans to marry.”
“Good man, thank you,” Tony raised a glass to him before reaching behind him to get the bottle from the table behind him. Looking at it for a moment, he shrugged a bit and put it back, deciding to wait on the wine instead.
“Food’s coming,” Tony said once their kiss had broken, watching them both with a wide grin. “I love seeing you two kiss, I love watching you two do pretty much anything really. But we have a whole day for that.”
“It’s not doing things that I’m worried about,” Bucky leaned back against the wall, finishing off his beer and setting the cup on another barrel. “It’s how I look. I don’t look right, especially with my shirt off. It’s so…unbalanced, and…ugly.”
“Yes, holy shit,” Bucky laughed suddenly, petting Steve’s arm around his own chest. “I thought my life was going to be mostly lonely. I mean, I have Natasha, but she might find someone and move on, and I wouldn’t have blamed her at all. I didn’t think any man would have me, though, especially you and Tony. I think you were at the bottom of my list of people that might want me.”
“And here we are…oh!” Steve pulled up a driveway past a grove of trees to spot a beautiful wood shingled house with a green roof and a wrap around porch. The yard was a decent size around it, surrounded by thick white spruces, with a few here and there to break the space up. It was hardly Stark mansion, but it was the perfect size for the three of them, and it was somewhere safe.
“And what if he won’t change things? What if I’m just married to someone I hate forever?” Bucky asked next, looking genuinely sick at the thought of being touched by the King. He may be good looking, but he was rich and upper class, two things he abhorred.
“Did you get the goats in?” Namor asked right after, not moving in his chair after an exhausting day fishing.
“I don’t know, what do you think about that, Buck?” Steve asked, raising an eyebrow as he took a drink of his beer.
“And who told you to do it?” Tony was really curious about that, he wanted to kill whoever had made the order. “Who paid you for this?”
After a few minutes of getting comfortable and petting the dog, Bucky was about to close his eyes and get comfortable again when the pain returned, worse this time. It felt like someone was gathering up all his skin and muscle and twisting it to a knot in the middle of his lower back. Whimpering, Bucky’s hand moved out to the coffee table as the other held his stomach. Picking up Tony’s watch that he’d left down there, he noted the time in case the pain faded and came back again, in case it was the one thing he was most terrified of. He wasn’t ready to have twins, he barely knew anything himself, how was he supposed to raise children? He didn’t want to tell Steve and Tony, either, they didn’t need to think he was trying to back out of this on them, he didn’t want to lose them.
“It is, I tried,” Tony joked, kissing the back of Bucky’s ear as the three of them looked into the mirror together. “So this is us after a year of marriage, what do you think?”
“Bucky and Tony, I love you. And it’s settled then, we’re going to stay here together, forever,” Steve said, getting a blanket to pull over the three of them, wrapping his arm over Bucky too. Looking over him to Tony, he smiled widely as their eyes met in the light of fire place, their fingers touching as they splayed out their hands on Bucky’s back.
“I’ll stay here in the castle with Sarah, and Bucky and Steve will go back to our old house. A friend of ours can protect them,” Natasha nodded, sure of her plan and knowing that Namor could do the job. Even if he wouldn’t appreciate being volunteered.
“So this apprentice I promised you…” Tony began, curious as to what that searching process would be like. “How are you going to find one?”
“Later. I swear to you it’s happening though,” Steve chuckled, patting the couch before opening the laptop and plugging in the ultrasound machine into one of it’s USB ports. He wasn’t sure exactly how this was going to work, but Tony assured him it would, so he was going to trust his expertise.
“Kirk is my favourite too, him and Bones,” Steve said, getting more and more worried by Bucky’s behaviour as he spread the cards out again. “Going to choose a huge number for me this time?”
“I’m so bad at naming things, I think I should be out of the running,” Steve said with a little laugh. “We had two alley cats outside of our place and I named them Mr. Tabby and Mrs. Black, and then it turns out I got it backwards and Mr. Tabby had Mrs. Black’s kittens.”
“May I add I’m glad we’re doing this now like this, I want to call you both my husbands, and it takes a while for divorces to finalize,” Steve said with a chuckle as he looked over at Tony, knowing he likely felt the same. This would be their real wedding day, the legal one would be just that.
“Shut up, you know what I mean,” Bucky blushed, biting his bottom lip as he hugged Steve closer. “Well, now that you bring it up, I definitely mean both.”
“I don’t know, this is ridiculous,” Stane huffed, looking backwards for any sign of his nephew emerging. “He’s probably still upset about them dying or something. He’s acting like a child though, this is just stupid.”
“I’m sorry it took me so long to get here. The police said I have to stay in this province, but they let me go for now,” Tony said, holding Steve close, his eyes over at Bucky lying pale in his bed. “The doctor and the guard, they actually told the truth, and my father going after Bucky all the way up here and attacking him makes him look even guiltier. He’s dead, though…so he can’t afford a lawyer to challenge me on it.”
“I’m going to do everything for them,” Bucky sniffed, taking a shaky breath as Peter opened his dark eyes a little, looking back at him. “I used to imagine my parents, but I didn’t know what they were like at all so I kind of pieced together parents from the movies I watched. I dreamed that they were really funny, and that they loved doing things with me, like playing sports or reading or art projects. So when I had to go on the workout bike alone, I’d imagine that one of them was running with me and holding the back, or if I watched something I’d talk to them...” Bucky felt the ache of that loneliness in his chest, like an old wound that just wouldn’t heal.
“I promise,” Steve said before he could really think about it. He just wanted Bucky to feel safe, and he was prepared to do anything to ensure that. Tightening his arm around him, Steve pressed another kiss to the top of his head. “I swear to you, Buck.”
“Only two that I see. Eight o clock, two inches or so,” the doctor said, looking back to the screen to work.
“Yes, please,” the two men said in unison, though this seemed to annoy Bucky who shot Steve another look.
“She’d like that…” Steve’s eyes met Tony’s and he returned the grin, a warm feeling spreading in his chest. Gods, he was so happy to actually explore his artistic talents, to have the time and the materials, this was an amazing gift. After Bucky’s sacrifice for Steve’s health, it was the greatest thing he’d been given.
“I know it,” Tony held his head high, looking about as kingly as he could manage. “I mean, how could he say no to me?”
“Pepper came from common blood and look at her. She manages all the staff here,” Tony pointed out, putting his feet up as if to enjoy the fact that his point was better than Stane’s. “She’s the one keeping this castle running.”
“Does it say ‘Bucky’s Bucket’?” Bucky asked as Tony walked over with the bucket, smirking a little when Tony paused mid-step as he came out. “How’d I know?”
“Everything looks great,” Christine said as she put her stethoscope around her neck. “Try to eat a little more, Bucky, it’s just a few pounds but you should try to gain them back.”
“We will,” Steve said, chuckling as Tony stepped out, looking at Bucky once he was gone. “I think it’s amazing that you’ve reached out to Tony like that, I’m really proud of you.”
“You’ll have a car come to pick you up at nine out front of your building tomorrow, you can contact us with this,” Ms. Carr said, reaching into her bag to pull out a Stark phone in a box, setting it in front of him on the table. “You’ll get your clearance tomorrow, and then you will meet him.”
“No, well, they usually get interrupted by guns or aliens or something. So not a whole one,” Bucky said with a little shrug, sitting up as well. “I mean, we’re doing it in our bedroom, without a priest, I think we can make it up as we go.”
“I still can’t believe I’m a King, but I couldn’t picture my life without you two in it,” Bucky smiled as he looked down at his hand in Steve’s, reaching to take Tony’s with his other hand. “It’s been so surreal, I still can’t believe this is all happening, but we’ve really helped people. We’ve done a lot in not a lot of time, and I think we should be proud of ourselves for it.”
“I can’t see anything,” Bucky chuckled quietly, eager for the moment when he could take this hood off his head. He was nervous he was going to trip as they went through the door and down a flight of stone stairs, wishing he could reach out and grab onto the wall. There wasn’t one on his side, however, so Steve was going to have to do.
“I kind of thought you would say that,” Tony grumbled petulantly, wishing he could have more alcohol, though he knew that would probably only end up with him falling off the stage.
Steve’s eyebrows raised immediately, looking at the woman as if to ask if she was serious. When she didn’t even blink, he knew that she was waiting, and if he really wanted this, he better speak up.
“You’ve already pigged out today. And how are you still standing?” Natasha said teasingly, leaning back against the wall. “You’ve drunk so much beer and you’re still okay, I don’t know how that works.”
As the elevator doors opened, he stepped out into the empty hallway, his footfalls echoing in his head with each step he took. “You can do this, Steve, you can do this,” Steve whispered under his breath, closing his eyes as he scanned his pass, listening for the accepting chime before pocketing the plastic card, opening the door with one hand as he balanced the box with another. Stepping into the room, he was about to say hello to Bucky when he realized there was someone else there, a nurse who seemed to be taking the boy’s vitals.
“Excellent! Were you thinking Von Doom? I can tell you about the others, but…” Stane laughed softly, the pressure lifting off his shoulders. “For what you want, he really is the best candidate.”
