If Dean thought Cas was teasing before, he's making it very clear that that part is over now. No, Cas is determined to make Dean feel everything, all at once.
Four corner posts glowed faintly and Castiel didn't need to look at them too closely to know that they were marked with angel warding. And just to be safe, the two witches had yelled
, and then they were all clamoring, some begging Castiel to play more, others asking him not to leave the party and to stay just a couple of hours more. Hands of both women and men were eager to touch him, caressing him, some even going as far as to try and yank his shirt off then and there.
Dean heaves up with all his strength but his legs won't move at all. “Fucking great. What the hell is this sludge?” Dean tries to pull away again.
This was so far away from what they'd done before, hell – they'd fucked, it had been sweet, kisses, pet names and stuff, sure but this was something different altogether and Dean really
Cas sat down on the chair again, momentarily preoccupied with his drawing which suited Dean just fine. By the time Cas paid attention to him again, the pink warmth on Dean's cheeks had returned to normal.
Castiel took a tentative step towards Dean. He grabbed Dean's arm gently and shook him. There was a slight quiver in his voice.
a priest was in part the allure but there was something else, something ancient and primal about him, something... ungodly that called to Dean in equal measure.
sported a very personal golden hard-on for Dean, all of it meant that he'd found very little time or opportunity to actually enjoy things.
The notion of his immortal soul, let alone Dean saving it, is honestly not something that's on his mind often, if ever.
Benny flashed Dean a smile as he caressed his arms.“Remember, you take away the fangs and the fun and I was born human too. And Purgatory got boring. Your kid helped me get here.”
Dean scoffs and looks at the horse. “Princess? She looks like something the Witch-King of Angmar would ride on.” Princess whinnies as if affronted.
Dean didn't know what was going to be his demise, the intense pleasure of the hand still gripping his throat like a vice or the crippling fear that in his rash and unjust anger he would have left Cas, abandoned him, all in his eagerness to judge him. “I'm sorry, Cas, so sorry.” Cas eased up and let go of Dean's throat.
Dean grins and takes a shot. “I'm forward but not straight.” He can see how Ion raises his eyebrows slightly.
Dean grits his teeth against the onslaught of sudden nausea. His thoughts are crisp as the cool river water bubbling nearby but he can't fucking say the words.
Goosebumps pebble across Dean's arms as desire shots from the top of his spine straight down to his cock. “Y-yeah, yeah, I am.”
“Oh, you'll be giving me a head. Don't worry about the words. The act of purification comes in many forms. For some, it's easier to pray with words. For others, an act of service is prayer in motion, a living worship.” Castiel grabs Dean's cross and yanks on the rosary.
Slowly, Castiel started pulling at the stalk and let out a pleased and what he hoped was an appropriate “Yipikaye motherfucker” when the rock slowly pushed the cellphone towards him. He went slowly and methodically since his hope of salvation hanged on a literal thread – well, stalk – but everything went according to plan.
The moan that escaped Cas was everything Dean needed to know. He tangled his hand in Cas' hair and pulled Cas closer to him.
Dean remembered the last time, and while he'd been proud of his achievement, the timing really hadn't been great. He'd not been in the right headspace – how could he – with Chuck the cosmic dickbag breathing down their necks but this time was different.
Castiel's grace leaves him as he lands next to Dean, his wings shielding him for a few seconds before they vanish again.
Dean is confused as hell but he's not a guy who says no to a free cupcake. He looks at Sam who seems nervous and excited at the same time. “Have I missed a birthday?” he quips which brings a smile to Jack's face.
Suddenly, Dean remembers the note. He looks at his phone. When the numbers turn to 12.20, Dean dials Cas.
When Dean's calmed down, the chickens are already out and about. Their run is full with corn and pellets but they seem to be content with walking in the grass. He catches the black chicken doing a sad little breakdance in the dirt, dust and gravel flying all over the place. Chickens. They're weird.
“For what? Admitting you were right?” Dean takes a bite of the sandwich and groans. “Man, this tastes like Heaven.”
“In time you'll come to learn to crave my touch, not shy away from it.” He moved away, turned his back towards Dean.
Cas moves his queen, a triumphant grin on his face and Dean knows the game is over. “I was there when – “
There's something about the air, Dean thinks. He inhales deeply and can almost taste it; the salt settles on his lips and invites him to take another breath, encouraging him to try and quench something that seems insatiable.
Finally, the Winchesters have peace in their lives. Dean embraces the fact and does everything he can to turn the Bunker into a home. And every home has to have traditions.
To his relief, Cas turns the lights off, only to light the lamp in the hallway. It's not as harsh and Dean manages to peel his eyes open again.
He's afraid. Not for himself, he's always known his reward would be nothing but ashes and dust and a cold grave but he fears for Cas. He should live. He needs to live.
“Will you let me speak, damn you?” Dean didn't sound angry though, just determined. “I've been avoiding you.”
Dean wrestled his wrist free and just the two-second flash of surprise on Cas' face was worth it. Palms flat against his husband's chest and Dean pushed Cas away from the wall. Just as expected Cas turned instantly and Dean was on him. He used his whole body weight to trap him in between the chill wall and his warm body; his right arm pressing against Cas' throat.
Cas laughs. “Sorry, but that isn't happening. Number one? Building that coop was work. And two? I'm still in that phase where I really appreciate sleep. I didn't understand why humans needed so much of it, it seemed awfully inconvenient. And my last foray as a human feels distant, it's like a fleeting memory from a long ago dream. But now I get it. My mind feels all sluggish if I don't get enough sleep. It's not pleasant at all.” Cas frowns. “If I knew how bad it was, I'd have made
Dean nods. He hears a sound behind him and turns back briefly. It's the Empty, manifesting as black goo. Cas' steely voice brings him back.
Letting go, Dean grabbed the belt and looped it around Cas' neck. He threaded it through the teeth of the buckle and pushed two fingers between the belt and Cas' neck and speared them out. Satisfied that there was enough space, he let go of the belt and watched as it hung down over Cas' stomach like an alien tie.
Everything stops but Dean's tremors and the tears that trail hot down his one cheek. His eyes burn, but they are but a shadow against the inferno that is his thighs and ass. Saliva pools coolly down on the smooth stone.
Cas leans in and kisses him hotly against his throat, teeth grazing. “No, but I know what's killing you right now.” His voice turns darker. “Am I right?”
“Just a warrior maiden with her magical sword. You have to see the sword when it's finished. It's going to glow in the dark!”
In those few seconds, where Dean heard and processed those whispered words, that had been enough. He clears his throat, “I'm good.”
“You petting me like a cat. Getting drowsy.” Dean sighs again. He may be feeling drowsy but he feels good all over. He can't remember the last time he felt this relaxed. “Might fall asleep. Like an old guy.”
It felt amazing to say that, instant relief, and Dean realized how heavy that burden of pining for Cas had been. Now, Cas knew.
The thrill of being so close to Cas was electrifying; his arm over him both an anchor securing Dean and a damn match causing his entire body burst out into flames. “I'm out of spoons to give Cas. You can be the little spoon, the big spoon, a damn fork if you want. Just... stay.”
"Parce que t'es si beau, Dean. Comment est-ce je pourrais éviter penser à quelqu'un si beau? En tous cas... je pense que je t'adore."
Dean walks up to the bouquet and looks at the peonies, gerbera daises and some round, puffy flowers. “What's up with the flowers that look like swirly cotton balls?”
Dean swallows his scoff as he feels movement down there. A huge glob squirts from the tip of the tentacle before it pushes against Dean's ass. “No, no, no,” Dean mumbles but it's a protest more out of habit than real desire. The tip of one appears in front of his face, dripping with blue alien juice. Without even thinking, Dean opens his mouth and the tentacles go inside.
Dean shuts his eyes, opens them again, shuts them, refusing to see, to acknowledge. Castiel turns to look at Dean. All of his many eyes are on him, blue and terrible in how they shine. It's as if he knows,
Witch Dean unbuckles his belt and unzips his pants. “You're right. It will be more of a blow job.” He grins and pulls down Dean's underwear before pausing briefly. “You good? Need a minute?”
Cas' breaths were heavy, his chest rising up and down as the trail of saliva continued down his stomach to form a pool on the floor. Dean was about to ease back, he had some more things he wanted to do with and
“Yeah, yeah, I might forgive you for torturing me like this. I don't get what's so fun with watching the sun play peek-a-boo anyway? And we have Internet... let's just google a video or whatever.” He looks at Cas, who narrows his eyes and sighs.
Dean's eyes searched Cas' own eyes, for what Cas wasn't sure of. He licked his lips and exhaled deeply. “About what Michael said – ”
The blue light of the phone washes over his face. Dean blinks, looking at the time. 05:18. “Cas,” Dean whispers and pulls the jacket close. He sighs against the familiar feel of the fabric.
Dean notices the curiosity in Cas' voice. He licks his lips but can't suppress his smile. “I've got the perfect names, Cas. Henley for the gray one and Lorp for the black one.”
Dean takes a sip of his beer. “My wooing. I mean, not to brag but I'm quite handsome, know my way around the kitchen, and I pick
“Good morning to you, too.” Cas takes a bite out of the sandwich. “I'll never tire of peanut butter.” He swallows and then narrows his eyes.
The answer is simple. “Yes.” Dean looks at Jack. “You know, it's just one hour away. We fixed up the spare room but next, we're gonna build a small house, bed, kitchen, living room, the works. It's yours if you want it.”
The man leaned over him and pulled at something. Dean turned to the side and stifled a scream. His left overarm was on fire. Turning back again, the worst of the pain subsided but a lingering echo remained, warning him to put pressure there again.
“I don't know. Maybe they recognize that you're gentle and loving despite your gruff exterior persona?”
He still feels that burst of energy in his body compelling him to go and he figures it's just as well. A walk will distract him from thoughts he's not ready to face – not yet. Maybe never.
Putting down a blanket, Cas unpacks the sandwiches and fills Dean's mug with another dose of coffee. Dean notices that he pours tea into his. “You had time to make tea too?”
The other Dean's voice sounds darker than his, a throaty rasp to it, probably from drinking too much whiskey. Dean can see discarded bottles laying around the tent floor. He wishes the dirty floor was softer, it digs into his knees painfully.
“Shut up, Sam. I had to be up early cooking all the food to feed your sorry ass. At least I beat you in Pictionary.”
Castiel could hear Dean talk, but the revelation on Dean's lips, what Dean felt for him, even at this moment which should fill him with fear, and hopelessness and anger burned all that away. He tried not to feel, but it was like that admission opened a little crack in Cas' heart that instantly spread all over, and it was too late to hold anything together and he was overcome, could physically feel Dean's love vibrate through him, his own Grace pulsating in union with Dean's own heart.
Cas sits down next to him, presses their shoulders close. It still never fails to make Dean's body flush hot. Cas really is like the sun and Dean can't get enough of his presence nor the light he emits. He trails his fingers over the back of Cas' hand.
Dean nods. “Yeah, what can I say. You do have a hot boyfriend.” He pauses, then adds,” That's it? Just beauty? I know flowers usually have more than one meaning.”
“You know, sometimes I think you want to be punished,” Cas said casually and heat swooped in Dean's belly, traveling up to his cheeks and colored them red.
Filling the stockings with candy took a little longer than intended, but he did stop for a snack several times. Each of the traditional red stockings, bearing a strip of white fur around the top, bulged obscenely with diabetes by the time he was done.
His cheerful mood evaporates and he swallows against the sudden dryness in his throat. He hasn't been avoiding that room consciously, but he hasn't set a foot in there either. Not since...
He stills when he feels something hard between his checks and the feeling when Castiel grabs his cockhead and moves it up and down his asscrack is divine. “Yes, please, Father.” Castiel ignores him, grabs Dean by the hips, and slams inside.
Castiel digs his fingers inside his mouth and pushes out the last remnants of holy scripture. Dean has a disjointed thought that his mouth must really be purified now but the exhausted tremors of his thighs and cock–still leaking come on his stomach–pull him back to the present.
A lifetime of being a hunter couldn't silence his instincts; this was not Jack creating new space for the ever-expansive Heaven. This was something
him. A dull ache formed in his stomach. He wasn't sure if it was him being nervous or if he was getting sick. “Thanks,” he murmured against a swallow of water.
Dean doesn't mean the meaning behind that. His cock is on board even before he can formulate a sentence. “Uh, are you talking about – “
Dean can't pull his eyes away from Cas. He's a lone planet stuck in the gravitational pull of the sun, orbiting ever closer to the star until he's about to be incinerated.
Cas was shivering, yet it wasn't from the temperature, but legit trauma or something. The wing Dean could touch was managing fine under the water so it couldn't be that it was scalding him. But now Dean was in a panic because no matter what he did, the damn oil had soaked into Cas's feathers and would not come out. It was just like the time he tried putting baby oil in his own hair cause some chick at a high school he'd attended said it was supposed to make hair super soft and that shit took days to come out.
He melted into a plush chair across from a Claire’s Boutique, smiling at the name. He wished he’d have gotten Claire. She’d have been easier for sure. Dean would’ve have gotten her some cool, slick leather jacket.
Dean scoffs, “Yeah, you can say that. But sure, I'll help you.” He follows Castiel to his desk and sits down in the chair when Castiel motions for him to do so. “Anything, in particular, you want me to look at?”
Dean's mouth goes dry. What does Cas mean? Are they still talking about coffee and tea? Is Cas trying to hint that he knows that Dean is bisexual? How would he know that? Dean has not been drinking from a bi-pride mug and he hasn't been
“We've had breakfast, how about dessert, Dean?” Cas bends down and takes Dean's cock in his mouth, sucking as if he has no care in the world.
Castiel nods and moves out of Dean's sight. He places the cane on the heel of Dean's foot, dragging it along.
Castiel licks his mouth – it's a quick action, a swipe of his tongue over full, chapped lips – but enough to stir Dean's blood further. He exhales softly, letting his moan out in tiny increments.
Castiel turned to the two witches. “While I do think your goal was commendable, this is not the way.”
Cas' hand, big and strong. The warmth of his skin, his gentle touch. Fleeting as they were, Dean lived for those touches.
Cas looks at Dean with narrowed eyes. “Are you still in the mood or do you want to 'Netflix and chill'?”
Fridays in the Bunker were nowadays times of relative quiet and peace. There were no Apocalypses to stop, no monsters to kick in the ass, or archangels with Daddy-complexes to take care off. Dean had a fleeting thought of missing the hunts, the adrenaline but glancing over at Cas, Sam and Jack that thought quickly died down. He had everything he needed here, and this emotion that he'd been hesitant to name at first; a fleeting, almost jittery feeling spilling into his heart and this tug in his belly, was one of contentment. Who was he kidding, it was more than that. He was happy, truly happy, and he had found out over the past couple of months that it was a feeling he greatly enjoyed.
“Mm,” Cas mumbles against him, “so they say. I was known for being the hottest angel in the garrison.”
Two curious heads turn towards him. Chickens! One chicken opens its beak and clucks indignantly. Dean jerks his body. Who knows how far that neck can reach, and aren't beaks a deadly instrument in birds? “Chickens? That's the surprise?” Dean looks at them suspiciously. They cluck again but seem to settle down.
His own climax rises together with the otherworldly glow in Castiel's eyes. “Dean.” It's a whispered prayer but also a warning.
Finally, Castiel dares to move. It's slow shallow thrusts but it doesn't matter because Castiel is in Heaven.
Cas let go of Dean's throat but didn't stop with his ministrations, causing Dean to writhe underneath him and buck his hips up, seeking any sort of solace that Castiel could give him, whether that be with his touch, or with his words.
Just before Dean walked, or more accurately was dragged out the door, he could see Sammy picking up the scattered pieces of Monopoly. He looked at Dean. “Me and Jack are going to the movies!”
Dean takes in gulps of air, his chest heaving. Saliva runs down his chin and spoils the bed. He feels, dirty, used and fucking wonderful.
Dean had been kind of lax on the alcohol department so he snuck into Sam's room and grabbed six beers that he knew Sam kept in the mini-fridge. Just to be sure, he checked that they were OK and actually beer. He still remembered that Kombucha incident with a shudder.
Already, the floor seems more alive, the previous dull wood is lighter. Dean pauses and thinks briefly about the people that have walked the floors over the decades. He's basically erasing their mark now. But he's also erasing a ton of ingrained dirt and germs. And eradicating germs trumps any reverence for ghosts of the past.
“And isn't that why you're here?” Castiel drags his finger from Dean's nape, follows his spine down to his ass.
Castiel strokes his thumb under Dean's eye, wipes away a tear. “You are. Still beautiful. Still Dean Winchester.”
Cas had been skeptical, even when Sam and Eileen had begged him twice. Finally, they sent in their secret weapon –
The easy solution would be to give Cas a pillow which, obviously, Cas has. Dean even took care to buy a really nice, fluffy one – cooling effect, hypoallergenic, all that jazz – but it doesn't stop Dean from waking up on the edge of the bed, his head almost hanging out as Cas pressing his cheek on
"Dean? Everything alright?" Sam asked while sounding like he and Eileen were putting some groceries away.
Dean's heart thrummed in his chest. He didn't understand what the fuck Cas was on about, but he knew it was something important, deeply so and that knowledge alone filled his stomach with dread. “What are you talking about, man?”
Lift! Like Dean wasn't doing his part. “I'll lift you.” He stopped and wrapped his other arm around Cas' waist and pulled upwards. Now, Dean always appreciated Cas' physique but at that moment he wished that Cas wasn't quite so nicely built. “Cas, help me, will ya? Stand on your toes.”
A hand brushed past Dean's lips and he opened up as Cas pushed two fingers instead, claiming him with a certainty that thrilled him. He stopped for a brief moment trying to gather his elusive thoughts but it was of no use. They slithered away as frightened schools of fish sensing danger. Pulling away from his mouth, Cas' gentle kiss brought Dean back again, leaving behind a taste of salt. His very lips carried the essence of the ocean with them.
The following day, Dean takes the bull by the horns. Just to not be too awkward, he asks Cas just before two, when the company has their daily fika break (he's never been more glad to work for a Swedish company that has a break for coffee and cake every freaking day) than now.
“Look at you. So eager to be cleansed.” The soft caress of Castiel's hand on his back together with the finger up his ass is enough to make Dean melt against the stone. He moves his shoulders subtly but even that dull pain is nothing when Castiel starts moving his finger in and out.
“We should come before God stark naked in spirit, with truth on our lips.” Castiel walks around Dean and gives him a scrutinizing look. He cups Dean's cheek softly but there's steel in his eyes. “Are you ready for that commitment?”
Dean's eyes opened up with a snap, light anger burning there but that only seemed to make Cas bolder as his hand traveled down Dean's jeans cupping the hard evidence of his arousal. Moaning as Cas pressed hard against his groin, his cock twitching in response, Dean had to grit out his answer. “I'm surprised you remember my name.”
Walking over to the garden patch, Cas kneels down in the soil and fishes out an array of tiny packages with seeds. He dips his finger in the earth a couple of times and flicks open a package. Dean watches as Cas carefully places a seed in each hole, then fills it up. A gentle pat on the earth before he opens up the next package. “Some of the seeds, I'll save and plant later.”
Dean shakes his head. Nothing is wrong except that Cas looks sexy as fuck and Dean's cock is awake. “Nah, you look good, Cas. Really good. I'm just surprised with how good your costume is.”
“I can find a number of reasons why. I'm very attentive to your needs, my body is very 'hot', objectively speaking, I'm willing to try new positions – I'd even say I'm adventurous, I moisturize my skin every day– ”
Bending down, Castiel attaches the leather cuffs to his ankles and wrists, and with the last one going over his midsection, Dean is properly secured. He pulls on them, testing that they hold.
The iridescent sheen was so lovely and moved differently in the light than on any natural surface. Well, it was natural to Cas, but the way it seemed to follow his movements was a visual echo of itself and so tremendous that it nearly moved Dean to tears. Before he completely thought it through, he poured more oil onto his hands and worked it into Cas's axillary feathers on his left side.
Dean took another sip of beer and rolled his eyes, "And he claims it's our hillbilly wifi slowing it down."
"I appreciate your willingness to try something new, even though it failed spectacularly," Cas thanked, holding Dean close as they enjoyed the last bit of hot water.
Dean clears his throat, tries to find his voice. His cock is painfully hard in his pants and he wants to adjust himself but he's afraid that if he lets go off the shelf, he'll fall further into temptation. Maybe he's too far gone already.
Tags: Dark ficlet, non-con/rape, gun kink, threats of violence, Dean Winchester (from 2005), theEnd!Dean, self-cest.
“Holy fuck,” Dean moans as his toes curls. He's lucky that Cas holds him up by his tentacles, otherwise, he would've collapsed.
“Gotta be the kid,” he muttered to himself, looking around at the little touches of Christmas that had invaded the old Men of Letters hideaway. “Not sure Dean-o and Stretch would know what a family Christmas looked like if it bit them in the hiney.” There was something a little sad about that, he decided.
Dean laughs. Cas and his emojis. After downing three mugs of coffee and a cookie, Dean manages to pull through until lunch. Double-checking that his calendar is clear, Dean marks himself busy in company chat and on the phone line. He hates when people interrupt his lunch.
Dean didn't like how that made him feel, he loved being with Cas. Loved knowing he was with them all the time, even if in another room or making coffee. He loved Cas home with him.
The second time is when Cas drives over a pothole that rattles the entire truck. He just prays all their stuff is okay.
Cas smiles back, then furrows his brow as he adds, “As long as they don't snore. Then I fear all fortune cookie privileges are revoked.”
The other Dean slams into him. “Cas' cock is thick and you'd moan as your ass clenches down hard, milking him until he – “
It was the truth, Dean had to admit. Reluctantly, he placated Cas. "Fine, but you read it to me. I'm not wasting my precious peepers with screen time on that stuff."
His cock is rock hard, leaking precum, and Cas is a storm above him. Not being able to anticipate Cas' moves is part of the allure but being blindfolded is more. It's a dark song that calls to him, asking him to relax, go deeper and let go. And with Cas, Dean does so willingly.
The Walmart parking lot was utterly mobbed, as was the Hy-Vee across the road. He decided he’d just go to the little convenience store a bit closer to the bunker. Dean turned the Impala around to head back out onto the highway, but got mixed up and ended up driving through downtown Manhattan. A little diner twinkled with Christmas lights, and since Dean’s stomach decided that was the exact right time to growl, he pulled the Impala into a spot out front.
Dean can tell Cas is close by the bruising force of his grip and how Cas' nails dig into his hips. Tightening his fist, Dean moves his hand faster and Cas' cock fills him up so good, and it's just perfect. “Holy fuck. Yeah, right there, yes.” His cock twitches and he's so close, just on the precipice.
Dean goes to the Swedish Christmas party his office arranges for the first time and things get a bit heated. Luckily Castiel is there to save the day and him.
“Now a tablespoon of milk.” Dean poured it in and looked at the consistency of the frosting. It was still a tad thick so he poured some more until he was happy with the frosting. Turning off the mixer, Dean grabbed the bowl.
Cas' mouth twitches. “I have to agree on that one. I've come to realize that being human comes with a surprising amount of ailments.”
The dark timbre of Cas' voice brings Dean back from his musings. He turns around. “Yeah, I was just...” Dean stops as he looks at Cas. He's wearing a long, black, sleeveless coat that almost touches the floor, covered with golden embroiders. The front has two rows of black buttons and underneath the coat, he wears a black shirt with wide arms. The collar is stiff and his boots are polished black.“Is
Looking around, Castiel saw that he'd done a thorough job of eating all the vegetables. Everything was gone except –
Cas hugged him from behind. “Happy New Year, Dean, ” he whispered. Dean turned and smiled at him. “Happy New Year, Cas.” Leaning in slowly, he captured Cas' lips in a soft kiss. They kissed slowly until Dean heard Sam tell them to knock it off.
“I did! Maybe if you weren't busy having Cas' tongue in your ear, you would've heard me.” Sam looks at Cas apologetically. “No offense, Cas.”
Peanut butter! Dean had been in line at the market one day and overheard one mom saying to another whose daughter had gum stuck in her hair, that peanut butter got anything out. He recalled they still had one more container of Skippy chunky peanut butter from Costco in the pantry.
Cas turns around and nuzzles close to Dean. “Don't worry, even if I take it off, you'll never lose your top.”
“And we all deserve some peace in our own way. And that entails living life. Human style, not hunter. So!”
“Monsters, the whole hunting thing... dad.” Dean is silent for a moment. “I guess... I wanted to be free, you know. Not that it mattered. Fuck, I'd probably have broken wings.”
But it's Friday afternoon and Dean's not going to let Castiel ruin his good mood. There are not many people left at the office which suits Dean fine; it's a great opportunity to get some more work done before the weekend. Scrolling through the presentation that's due Monday, Dean nods to himself. Everything seems to be in order.
The sacramental bread doesn't taste much and is completely overshadowed by the bitter taste of Castiel's come. Arousal stirs inside Dean, and shame quickly follows. He shouldn't get off on something so profane and unholy as this –he knows that– but his body's want quickly overshadows any semblance of hesitation.
They knew each other. Cas' lips were puffy, and his eyes were narrowed, lust swirling there. “Take off your pants and underwear.”'
“Dean, if you're not being careful, I'll have to take you to our bedroom and finish what you started.”
Soft hands move away but Cas' cock inside him never stills. No, he moves faster now and Dean notices the grace-blue light in his eyes shines stronger, as if it's harnessing a power Dean can't perceive.
“Down.” The other Dean' pushes the gun hard into him and Dean bends forward. His forehead touches the ground and he grits his teeth as his other self slides a finger between his cheeks. “We are the same, so we should like the same things? Don't you agree?”
Dean concentrates on not choking, not pushing away. Unshed tears blur his eyes. Saliva runs down his Henley and the sounds of lust Castiel utters are drowned out by the noises Dean makes as Castiel's cock hits the back of his throat.
“Why do you think you are giving me a second chance, Dean?” Again there was humor in Cas' voice and as Dean looked at him, Cas smiled. His hands went up to Dean's throat, stroking lazily and while one hand lingered there, fingers splayed as in warning or promise, the other hand roamed all over Dean's body. Caressing Dean's waist softly, trailing down to his lower abdomen only to go up and pinch a nipple, coaxing out a whispered Cas from Dean's lips.
Cas' lowers his voice as if the memory pains him. “Yes. I thought you wanted me there as assistance, as a good friend yes, but also as a soldiered. Angels are first and foremost soldiers and who wouldn't want one that fought by God's side? With my grace – “
the soil, but the sentiment remained the same. The garden was of a decent size and Cas appreciated healthy fertilized soil, but he didn't like the fact that he was the booster.
The window oversees the park but the view Dean has is mostly bushes and a large tree shadowing a bench. Most people don't ever sit on the bench either because the bushes are so large that they almost engulf the entire space.
The candy aisle proved to be quite the distraction, but eventually, Gabriel was done. With a tiny kazoo fanfare, he snapped his fingers to return the store security back on. Taking a second to wink at the camera, he leaned his weight onto to the shopping cart once more. He kicked off, zooming down the final aisle, and disappeared into nothing.
“That's the punishment for lying, Dean Winchester? “ Cas said, hoarse but with an odd expression on his face.
His shins are not aching yet and his knee hasn't started to act up, not that Dean is planning to stay that long. He clasps his hands in front of him and looks up at the reredos. Jesus has his right hand raised, in a 'peace out dudes' pose. There are two figures on each side of him and the rest of the altarpiece depicts various scenes from the Bible.
Three candles are next to him and a bowl with some ingredients, matches, dried leaves, and a stone bathed in moonlight. He remembers this spell, the one about one's deepest desire. Dean crawls on his knees to a pile of papers, goes through them until he finds the matches.
Once in a while Dean would leave Cas's cock to cup and massage the boys, as they deserved some love too. Yet he always returned to pumping his angel's hard length for an epic finish. Their tongues were swirling in a dance and their lips brushed and bumped in rhythm with Dean's hand. At some point, Cas's need always took over and he pistoned his hips, snapping them forward into the channel of Dean's hand. Quick, desperate moans tumbled from his lips which remained pressed against Dean's whenever he was close to that blessed release.
With precise hands, Cas unbuttons Dean's pants and shoves his hand inside Dean's underwear. “And I move my hips just slightly, but it's enough for you, you feel my cock in your ass and need to moan,
Looking over at Cas for a second, Dean shakes his head. “Look, Cas made the pie. I know you're all here but he made the pie mostly for me. And what kinda weirdo leaves super tasty pie to just... rot?”
Cas' eyebrow points up as he walks by with the watering can in hand. “I think I'll be in charge of the pounding.”
vampires. He'd heard whispers of Dean and the gay angel but this– John shook his head, dispelling the idea of Dean with a male vampire, with
Or maybe this is what happens when he can finally have what he wants, who he wants and that one is Dean.
Letting out a low whine, Cas breathes into Dean's ear. All he does is hum in pleasure but it's enough for Dean. He groans and hears how it affects Cas. His breathing increases and he has to fuck himself faster now judging by the sound.
When they release the chickens, the pair makes eager clucking sounds as they walk around, inspecting the grounds.
Castiel's eyes widen in surprise for a second before he composes himself. “No, I couldn't ask that of you. Look, they don't pay teachers much but I'll take her in. You've already done enough.”
Dean tries to dispel the very vivid picture his other self is painting but his cock disagrees, weeping precum onto the floor.
Baby came roaring down the tiny dirt road. The headlights shone straight into Castiel's eyes so he squinted until she passed.
Again Cas shifted his attention to Dean's neck, and as he slowly worked his way up to Dean's ear, Dean could feel goose flesh erupt all over his body.
If Dean thinks that he knew what was coming, this was not it. A dozen scenarios of his internal explanation about why Cas would cry are blown out of the waters by the damn
It's very welcome and Dean hardens in no time. Mostly it's the wild image of a guy just looking like him, having his cock in his mouth. Witch Dean flattens his tongue against the base of his cock and when Dean feels a hand around his balls, he exhales harshly.
“Right.” Dean turns to Jack. “Come here, kid.” He envelops Jack in a hug. “I'm so proud of you. Keep Sam in line, and if the sprouts and soups are too much, you can always hang with us for a while. Spare room, remember?”
The fucking Easter Bunny grinned as it pushed Dean against the wall. “You've been bad, Dean Winchester. No eggs for you.”
“The stars?” Dean shrugs. “I guess. Haven't given them much thought. Space though... that's cool. Wanted to be an astronaut for a time when I was a kid. Walk on the moon and shit...” He scoffs. “We all know how that went.” He feels Cas nestle closer to him. “It's alright, Cas. Was a long time ago.”
“You’re not spending Christmas alone, are you?” Marge asked, coming back around the counter. Harv slipped an arm around her and kissed her temple.
The shower scene is by request from one of my readers! If you want me to try and write something in, let me know in the comments! Thank you all for reading and commenting, you mean the world to me <3
that? No kid shouldn't be driving that, let alone my kid. Did Sam put you up to this? No matter what he says, this is not a good car, Jack. We Winchesters have
Groaning, Cas pulled the covers closer to him. “Too fucking late. Next time we set a limit. Guests out by midnight.”
It's a piece of art. “It's piefection, I think.” Dean grins. “Nougat-banana pie for Jack, our birthday boy!”
Dean had no idea what the fuck was going on but Cas' words sent a thrill throughout his body. He had no doubt that Cas would do it. And to his surprise, Dean wanted him to stand by his words.
Sam looks at both of them. “Only because of my warning system. It gave you ample time to be decent.”
The relief turns Cas' face softer. “No, that wasn't my concern. Although I don't know if I should be worried about your oddly specific scenario.”
Turning around to look at a normal sized Cas, Dean grins. “I'm... I'm blown away. We – I need to process for a bit.”
“I won't miss you, Lampstiel.” Dean chuckles as Cas goes rigid for a brief second. He doesn't need to see the eye-roll to know it's there. He looks back at the river as they start their trek back to the tent.
“Yeah, yeah. But only because it's easier to grab you if you decide to take off. This will not be a nightly occurrence. You're chickens. You don't need to be tucked in or petted.”
“Mildred, if this is you, you have no reason to be grumpy. I'm taking care of your house. I even painted that pergola of yours.” He pauses and waits, not sure on what though. It's not like Mildred will show up and haunt him about his decision to pick eggshell white instead of porcelain white. Everything is silent, not even the creak of old floorboards can be heard.
Dean pushed into the Macy’s bathroom and carefully hung his purchases on the inside of the stall door. He sat, fully clothed, on the toilet, blinking his burning eyes and trying desperately to will the tears away.
A few hours later, Jack and Dean stop by the river. They followed the brook for a while and veered off to the left, further into the forest until the waters flowed faster and the current ran deeper.
After a decade of this bullshit, even Nuriel was tired. Sure, Dean Winchester was a pain in Heaven's ass but she couldn't help but admire him. He had the tenacity of a pit bull and was stubborn as a mule.
Dean grabs a ton of cleaning products and stops at the sanding machines. The floors in the house are old, almost a century, the old lady had told them. And the floorboards age is showing. Dean doesn't dwell on all the crap and dirt that accumulates over such a long time period.
So as usual, fluff first and kink later. It's divided by... a divider lol. I'm a tad behind on these but I just finished my DCBB and I'm continuing to write on my FicFacers so take what you get =P
Dean ran over to a post and kicked it once. It sagged down, almost kissing the ground. For good measure, Dean pulled it out before returning to Castiel. He knelt down and started digging into the ground with his bare hands.
He leans in and kisses Dean on the cheek. “Must have been awful.” Finally, some understanding. “Have you tried naming them? Naming the pets forms a bond. It solidifies companionship and mutual trust.”
The thought that Ion and Cas are so far gone that they're just claiming and taking is heady. Ion hits the back of Dean's mouth, groaning and then he stills. Hot come squirts in his mouth and Dean swallows around Ion's member, sucks the last drops out of him until Ion sighs and pushes away. “That was amazing.”
Dean looks over at the pews but doesn't see anyone. He's the only living soul in the church. He smirks at that. He makes his way past the screens and finally has the high altar in sight.
Dean scoffs. “We were talking important hunter business, not gossiping. Thank you very much.” He stops and picks up Lorp and Henley. “I've got the chickens. Let's pick up the stride.”
Dean's certain he hears a chuckle, then Cas moans again, deeper this time. He fucks himself faster and Dean matches his speed. It's almost like Cas is in the room, spurring him on. “Fuck, Cas. If I was there, I'd kneel and take your cock in my mouth. I'd swallow you down – “ His own fantasies have him panting. His pulse beats like a trapped bird beneath his chest and his balls tighten. He's so damn turned on that he's about to come any moment.
He wanted to give the Winchesters a little clue that he was back, that if they really needed an archangel once more…he’d be there. But he wasn’t about to set up house. No gifts under the tree from dirty Uncle Gabe.
"Okay, number one? You already have a room like that, it's called the Dean Cave. Number two? You read all day long, coordinating lore and whatever it is you're doing staying huddled in the library –”
Feeling Castiel just ghost over his soft cock, before he continued further down made his blood chill. “Castiel – “
Cas's smile turns somber. “Was it too much? I can clean you up.” He splays a hand on Dean's shoulder but Dean takes it in his hand.
“Good, round two tomorrow. But now I need to sleep. I'm beat, Cas. Jesus, Christ. Nowhere in those books or your explanation did they capture the feeling of being totally bulldozed by lust.”
He looks at the color choices Cas is holding up. They're not pure white, more off-white, going towards gray. Dean thinks of the gray chicken at home. “Uh, you're asking me which one I prefer?” He swears the people mixing all these colors are high. He glances at the square called Front-Porch before his eyes flit to Passive. They look exactly the same.
raise me and sacrificed a lot to do that. I might not have been – uh,” Sam scratches his head, “the easiest to look out for at times– “
Dean looks down on the polished floor, indecision making his pulse go up although his cock has already decided it agrees with Castiel. He's painfully hard. Castiel on the other hand is decent again, his cassock buttoned up. It's almost that Dean questions if the moment at the prayer bench really happened.
Dean's entire backside is a patchwork of pain, from a deep throbbing to a sharp burning sensation and an uncomfortable pinch where he found a patch of uneven stone surface.
Next, he hears Castiel's lips smacking. “I don't know, maybe next time we'll try to bake something else.”
“I dunno', aren't mistakes the bridge that leads to the meadow of wisdom or some bullshit like that?”
Dean felt an infinitesimal sliver of joy, he allowed himself that much, before pleading to the angel that had just made his dreams come true but also his worst nightmare. “Don't do this, Cas.”
Flashing a smile, Witch Dean wipes at his mouth with a thumb. “You're welcome.” He strokes his hand up Dean's left knee where he pauses. “
“A few days, how about tomorrow? We've been waiting to get this place for weeks! You're telling me you don't know what we need? And we've already ordered some of the stuff.”
Castiel pulls out and Dean works his jaw to answer but his mouth is full of saliva. He spits out a glob of saliva, and just as he's about to answer Castiel pulls Dean back in. He keeps Dean there, close to his groin.
Pulling away, Cas breathes heavily. He licks his lips and narrows his eyes. “This – this kiss, great as it was – You can't bribe me, Dean. Nice try though.”
Cas' breathing, still calm and measured although he was fucking Dean like an animal was impressive but Dean was busy pressing away from the board, groaning in pleasure. The rumbling of thunder was now accompanied by the small pitter patter of rain on the roof.
” This up-close, Castiel's blue eyes were even more striking, and together with his dark hair, he was simply... beautiful.
“I don't know what to say... This was not what I had in mind when you said kinky, Dean.” Both his and Dean's cocks glowed like sad Christmas decorations that had seen better days.
He can feel the eggs enter him, slowly but at a steady pace. Dean's never been this full, and even though he mumbles that he can't take it any longer, he widens his stances and grants Cas more access, wants all that Cas gives him.
–to pin his entire existence on Castiel. Maybe in Castiel lies his possible damnation but also his current salvation. Maybe he is already saved.
Dean sighs and nibbles at Cas' ear. “Come on Cas, don't' be such a downer. I've slept some, I'm good. And I can't get my dream out of my mind.”
Cas moves in front of Dean and presses a palm against his groin. “I think this is up.” He eases off for a fraction of a second, only to press down again.
Catching a corner of the pillow, Dean pulls until Cas' face flops down on the mattress instead. He flashes his eyes open. “What are you doing?”
Cas nods. “Lets. Then I can plant my seeds. The ones I ordered online arrived at the bunker just in time.”
Dean pointed excitedly towards the Hatchet Teddy and couldn't help the grin when he got the Teddy in his arms. “Man, look at him. He's amazing. They even captured the bloodstains on the coat.”
“Dean.” Cas clasps a hand on his shoulder, anchoring him before he leans in and kisses him. Dean feels Cas' smile against his lips and hears the soft whisper that comes next. “It'll be alright.”
At those words, Dean wanted to object, he wanted to disagree with Cas. Instead, he just stood there, frozen in shock. It couldn't be...
When Castiel hits him again, Dean realizes that the previous ten strikes were fucking warm up. He pulls at the rosaries and tries to meld himself to the stone altar but he can't get away from Castiel. The implement doesn't feel as sharp as before but Dean doesn't care; he's sure there are huge welts on his ass.
Sam scoffed. “Fine, you have a point.” He smiled then, looking at Dean, and John saw that he was genuinely happy. “It's good to see you again, Dean. You too, Benny.”
The birds chirp a nonsense song and the sun has not risen to its highest point yet. The tall grass at the outskirts of the trees near the cottage, sways in a gentle breeze.
“You've been practicing,” Jack said as they walked back to Baby. The muddy grass squelched under their feet. “That was really good.”
The smaller wooden box is more intricate. It fits in Dean's palm and the wood is smooth and depicts wines of some sort. Opening the lid, Dean sees a round shape.
Deft fingers pull at the rosaries on his wrists. Dean is hazy, and he seems to float in the clouds. For a fleeting second, he wonders if his mind is trying to escape to Heaven but movement pulls him back to Castiel.
Castiel leans over to grab something and Dean can't help it... Castiel is so close and he's frankly intoxicating. He inhales softly... quietly.
He spots Charlie sitting in one of the booths, her red hair shining as the sunlight from the window hits her frame. “Hey, Charlie,” Dean says and kisses her on top of her head. She turns towards him and her smile is radiant. She's always been like that, Dean thinks. When she enters a room, the entire place lights up just by her presence.
There's something primal about the sound of sex; how flesh moves against flesh, how the mind narrows down to only take heed of the galloping pulse, the drumming rhythm of a heart beating too fast, the sighs and grunts and moans – like the ocean whispering secrets to the shore.
He knows how Cas' eyes light up when he speaks about something he loves and those he loves, and he knows that Cas sees the good in everyone, above all, in Dean himself. That alone would be a feat worth celebrating. Cas has seen and experienced things that Dean – or any human for that matter – could only dream of, yet he chose Dean. He fell in
“Great, great, let me just – “ He dips his finger inside and fishes out a piece of eggshell. Now the sugar.”
There it is again, that warmth that fills Dean up. Cas has the ability to take an ordinary statement and turn it into something extraordinary. A genuine testament to what he feels and the depth of it conveyed in words that should be mundane but become profound and important when Cas says them. Or maybe it's just as easy as Dean being in love with Cas. Every action and word becomes meaningful through the lens of love.
Sam shook his head. “Dean, Jack hasn't moved for over ten minutes. I offered him a nougat bar and he didn't even hear me speak. You'll be fine. And Eileen is keeping him company.”
The first time he has to nudge Baby over a line, they're at a red light because Cas breaks way too late.
Cas' deep voice is slightly amused. “I wasn't aware you were a vampire. I've already made us breakfast sandwiches and I've packed you a little surprise. We're on a tight schedule, so we leave in fifteen minutes.”
Dean could feel his hard cock against his ass. “Mm, I'm tired, Cas. I'd basically just be laying there.”
“I'm in a forest. There's a cabin here and a small garden with a surprisingly large variety of vegetables.” Before he ate them that was but Castiel didn't say that.”If you turn off I-”
Dean shook his head, a smile on his face. “Jack. I told him I didn't need the big flute and fanfare but that's kids for you. They never listen to their dads. In some cases, it's warranted though.” His smile fell as he looked at John.
thoughts show up, and... um linger and... you know. It's hard to shake them off. I'm no freaking Taylor Swift here.”
Dean paused all of a sudden, a slow unease settling over him. A lightning strike painted the room in a stark bright light for a second and Dean felt goosebumps rise all over his body. Castiel's eyes seemed to flare up before they were once again the blue that Dean remembered.
Nuriel shook her head and let go of her thick braid, looking at her vessel's husband. She'd come to grow fond of him in recent years, despite her efforts not to.
Not all angels were in the fiery depths of Hell trying to save the Righteous Man. Some had to stay back on Earth and keep their eyes on the humans.
Dean's cock was rock hard, almost painfully so and his ass was so sore. His body had been covered with sweat but now the warmth of exertion was crashing down on him, pulling him under. It felt like he was on the verge of having chills.
“I've seen empires rise and fall, I've seen when the very idea of you humans was just a shadow carried within the spiraling DNA of a fish taking its first steps on land, I've seen Elvis. Do you really think I'd cheat in chess?”
The guy's eyes are ridiculously blue and he has this intensity whenever he's looking at Dean. “Hi, Castiel. How can I help you?” Dean groans. He sounds so businesslike. At least it was a question.”I love your mug.” Someone kill him.
The tentacle at Dean's hole pushes and Dean moans as he spreads his legs. More thick fluid bursts forth from Castiel's tip and suddenly Cas pushes inside.
Dean looked down at the floor, playing with some stray hay until he managed to muster up the courage to say the words again. “I love you.”
To his right lies the living room and to his left the kitchen. The living room is basically an open space with hideous brown walls, but the windows give the room a good amount of light at least. The kitchen is big enough for a decent size counter, fridge, and freezer and eyeballing it, Dean thinks a table and chairs will fit too.
Dean fluffs up his pillow. Their heads are poking out of the tent, giving them a nice view of the night sky. The clouds had been scarce during the day but now they're all but dispersed, allowing the stars to shine brightly.
It's like being fucked by a damn train. With each thrust, Dean's channel clenches around Ion's cock and he feels so stuffed he might weep. There's this pleasant zing of pain that Dean narrows in on in the sea of pleasure he's experiencing.
Dean shrugs and pulls out his knife, hidden in his waistband. Just as he's about to throw it, the other Dean causally says the words “manete”.
Dean Winchester usually thinks on his feet, is proactive even if that means something as simple as a fist to some monster's face but and while he's encountered zombies, ghouls and stuffed bears coming alive, even he realizes that they're fucked.
Dean laughs and buttons himself up. When he looks out the window again, he sees the back of Castiel, slowly walking away from the bench.
“You're right,” Sam says. “You know, a couple of years back you'd have no problem finishing three whole pies.”
“We have some food left? I'm starving.” Dean removes some of the white pillows and opens the lid to the cooler. He pulls out a beer and closes the lid with a thud.
Dean lifted his head slightly and saw nothing. The world was dark, smoke-filled and the sharp sound from the fire detector pierced any coherent thought Dean had. “I like you,” Dean mumbled. “You're smoking hot.” He laughed and was greeting with Castiel's surprised bark.
Glancing at the chain again, Cas' heart thundered wildly. For a brief moment, he had an overwhelming urge to stab Michael, but he knew that in doing so Dean would be lost. And he would do everything in his power to save Dean.
When Dean and Cas finish their breakfast, Dean takes the tray back to the kitchen. He hears the water running in the shower and decides to join Cas after cleaning up.
He feels a hand, gently wrap around his wrist. “Come.” Castiel leads him just a few steps away and then pulls down. “Sit here, ass up.”
Fear made Dean's mouth dry. “Hold up. What do you mean by 'in time'? You can't keep me in here forever, you son of a bitch!” He heard the distinct sound of a cap opening and then Castiel looked at him again. His cock stood up proudly, obscenely so. “Wait, wait, wait! You don't have to do this. I'll give you everything you want- Money. If you want my work position it's yours. Please, don't do this.” He'd beg on his fucking knees if he could.
Dean surges forward and captures Witch Dean's last words. He tastes himself but also something earthy, and sweet. Witch Dean doesn't hold back, this is not a kiss of exploring but of domination. He winds his fingers in Dean's hair and kisses him until Dean's breathless.
Dean shakes his head. “Nope. No idea where you got this but it's fucking pitch black. I can't see even a sliver of light.”
“Not that we actually have any bells in Heaven,” he mused, taking a step back toward the tree. He reached up, attempting to place the rotating, musical angel on top of the huge pine that took up an entire corner of the room. (Alright, so perhaps he had upgraded the tree just a little. Who wouldn’t?)
Trying to answer is impossible so Dean just stays silent. Castiel's hand is like a vice and it goes straight down to his cock. There is something about feeling overwhelmed, about losing or
Two shadows crept out from behind Cas as he lay on their bed. As they continued to unfurl, Dean watched in awe as he was reminded how incredible his lover's true form really was. They began to shift from shadowy forms to sleek charcoal feathers which had a faint iridescent emerald sheen to them. Dean was mesmerized by their beauty.
Jack grabs a fork and starts crushing the potatoes. “Why are we cooking it again, aren't the potatoes finished now?”
“I'm happy,” Dean muttered into the pillow. It was dark and nice and the sharp light was gone. He wished his headache would take a hint and do the same. Dean reached out and grabbed Cas' arm. “Cas... ask me why I'm happy.”
Cas grins and lays down next to Dean, on his back. He's quiet for a few seconds and then he nods. “You're right, it feels remarkably soft. I presume it was a premium mattress.”
Tentacles move up his chest and one wraps around his throat. It's coarse and Dean doesn't try to make sense of how that works when it looks like pure light. It rests there, not too heavy but still a reminder of what could happen.
my surprise. And way to go dumping your mission on Eileen. Now, since you're here, make yourself useful. Go grab some powdered sugar, butter, milk and, uh, vanilla.”
Cas rolls his eyes, more exasperated than anything but Dean is holding his fucking breath. Maybe Sam will be so busy with his nerdy book that he won't even notice. Maybe he'll just keep on walking.
“Wit your way out of this!” Dean pounces on Cas, one pillow raised. The first smack hits Cas' cheek, the other his chest. He's just about to jump on and straddle Cas, declaring himself the victor when Cas bends down and swoops his legs away with his arms.
And with each thrust, Castiel sends pleasure through Dean. His ass clenches around Castiel's cock and he feels so filled up that his toes curl. That pleasure inside him builds. His cock is rock hard, and it brings with it a heat that accumulates until Dean is ready to erupt.
Dean nods as Castiel holds him there. He flexes his fingers against his bonds – his pulse soaring when he realizes that's all he
Cas crosses his arms and his words are tight as he speaks. “I don't know. Maybe you thought you were a rooster or maybe you decided to be Winchester-stubborn.”
Shaking his head, Castiel continues to whisk and watches as Dean mixes the flour, baking powder, salt and vanilla sugar. “Same as for the sticky cake?”
Shrugging, Cas places the tray in Dean's lap and crawls back into bed. “Nope but it's Saturday and we don't have any obligations so I thought we'd just... start the day easy, you know?”
Tags for the fluff: AU, age difference, teacher!Cas, freshman!Dean, the author knows nothing about cars
“You're right on, time, kiddo.” It's a little crowded but Dean doesn't regret switches out those chairs. Everyone can sit comfortably and it makes holding Cas' hand that much easier.
Dean and Cas end up in Tijuana on an impromptu getaway  and come home with far more than they bargained for.
“Yeah, just like that, Cas.” Dean was panting, his body still remembering the faint memories of hands on his cock and that wonderful pressure around his throat.
Cas seems relieved that the gift is accepted. “We better get going. It's not a long drive, but I don't want the chickens to get uncomfortable.”
“Dean. I've seen your game with the ladies... You're doing the eye squint and lip pout a la Flynn Rider.”
“ – but you're not smooth with the ladies and you're even worse with guys. Just walk up to him and ask him out. Oh, even better. He's coming over. Remember, ask questions, compliment him and be bold!”
That thought is quickly forgotten as Cas moves his tentacles in and out. A slender tentacle coils gently around his throat and Dean moans in ecstasy, then in surprise as he feels the tip of a tentacle press into his mouth.
Dean can now move his body and to his surprise his feet and legs are also free. He grabs a hold of the toe and pushes but he might as well be molded to the ground. The toe doesn't budge.
“You think it will be dry by then?” Cas says absentmindedly while looking for a watering can at the other end of the porch.
There's something that immediately pops into Dean's mind but he's not sure how to broach the subject. “I mean, yeah but it's like a... a 'you and me' thing, and not really an 'all of us together' thing. And I don't know, it's kinda out there and– “
He dug his fingers into the soil and found a tiny bell pepper. When the rain had washed away the dirt and grime, Castiel took a bite and waited.
Fear spiked in Dean and his adrenaline made his body rigid, ready to fight or flee yet he had no option of either. He looked to the side, denying Castiel access to his skin.
Dean exhales in relief and smiles back. “Yeah, just you know... checking. Good night, Cas.” He leans in close, resting his head on Cas' chest. The steady thump of his heart is soothing. It's been a long day and his muscles still ache from digging up the garden patch.
After waiting a few seconds, hoping Cas would say something Dean took his silence as an invitation to start. “I'm surprised you came back here.” There was a bitter tone in his voice where he had meant for it to be cold and untouched. It seemed around Cas he became not fully himself, on edge, jumpy and unpredictable even to himself.
him is still intoxicating to Dean, still new and wondrous. With each kiss, Cas pulls wanton sounds from him until he has to break away to escape the intensity.
“It was all for you! You think I ran away from you in Purgatory for fun? I was trying to get them away from you because I didn't want them to kill you because I loved you.”
Dean doesn't want to go and watch the sunrise, it's too freaking early but what won't you do for the one you love?
Dean waves at Cas, before breaking out in a run. He reaches Peter just in time as he's about to open the car door. “Hey, I'll take care of that.”
The junk shot had him dropping the extra large plastic tub on his foot and shouting, "Fuck! Goddammit Cas!"
Nuriel put the book down and grimaced. Heaven above, this sounded like it was taken straight from a Spanish TV novella.
“Yes. The portfolio for the different projects is here, and I just need you to check if the timetables are accurate. I took the data from this folder but the dates seem to indicate that the information hasn't been updated for at least six months – “
Dean hums and turns towards Cas. “Sorry, Cas, I'm fine, I'm fine. This was amazing, let me bask for a while.”
“Then I hope you don't mind your luxury oven getting seagull paint all over it.” Cas leans in and kisses him. “Or is it paint proof too?”
Licking his lips, Dean grabbed his own cock at the base and inched himself closer to Cas, leaning over him. “Now it's time for war,” he murmured.
Exhaustion drags his body down and sleep seems a blessing. Dean takes another swig of the bottle, hoping he's drunk enough that he won't dream. There is no peace, whether he's awake or asleep.
The shade in the forest is welcome. Baby rumbles on the small road and soon the house is in view. It's a small wooden cottage with a wrap-around porch. Simple and sturdy and Dean thinks it's perfect. “Cas, we're here.”
Ion chuckles and nestles in close to Dean. He kisses Dean's jaw, the stubble rasping nicely as he presses one thigh in between Dean's legs. He catches Dean's mouth in a kiss, and sighs.“Fuck, you taste so good.”
“Yes. They're great egg layers and I figured since you're allergic to cats, and a dog might be too big of a commitment, maybe a chicken would be alright. At first, I planned on buying one but figured it didn't want to be alone, so I got two. It would've been easier if I was still an angel, then I could've just asked it...” Cas' voice trails off and Dean feels everyone's eyes on him.
Dean does as Ion tells him but Ion shakes his head. “Closer to the edge of the bed... yeah that's it.” He goes around the bed and Dean's just about to say something snarky when Ion pushes the blunt tip of his cock between Dean's lips. “No teeth. I just want to see those pretty lips of yours.”
Then the other Dean slams down again with his chicken foot, angling it somewhat so only a toe covers Dean's throat.
Castiel's movements are deft, and soon he's unbuttoned several buttons. “Are you ready to receive, to ease your lips of the truth I can see inside you? You're still holding back, Dean. That won't do.” Castiel reaches inside the cassock and pulls down his zipper. The sound is deafening.
have. When I was an angel, you showed me the beauty in what it means to be human, Dean. And since choosing to be human, you've shown me the beauty in that journey
Grabbing the sheets, Dean tries to stay still. The fucker is messing with him but at the same time he loves it, loves that Cas challenges him. He loves it most of the time.
Dean turned his attention back to the ocean, the crashing of waves momentarily soothing the anger coursing through him. Darkness lay like a blanket over the water, and even with some stars glowing faintly in the night sky, the ocean seemed a huge massive creature eagerly awaiting stray souls to devour. Inhaling the scent of the salty winds, Dean bit out a curse as his thoughts immediately went to events he had lived through the day before. His cock hardened, despite his angry objections. Swiping the last of his beer, Dean trudged along the sandbanks and followed a path back to the house.
The sounds of a guitar playing became increasingly louder and the crowd swayed, following the rhythm in ecstasy. The sight struck Dean as bizarre, their motions animated almost to the point of being a parody of what dance should be. Taking another sip of the beer, Dean decided enough was enough. He was to drive home after all. Adjusting his purple, plaid shirt, he left the beer on the counter and decided to take a closer look.
Dean walks over to Cas and looks at the painted walls. It honestly looks really good with the wooden floors. “I have to say, we did great. This place looks fancy and cozy at the same time.”
Dean spoke softly. “Of course we should. And we are. You're our kid and every kid deserves to have his birthday celebrated.” He nodded towards the cake. “And birthday cake. A perfect birthday cake if I may say so myself.”
He empties the dust gray ashes of what was once Castiel's vessel in the stream. It swirls there for a few seconds, being pushed back and forth by the current before the body of water disperses it.
”I guess I'm not too shabby,” he jokes, “you married me after all.” He's relieved when Cas smiles. “Alright, let's put the floorboards back and lock up the chickens. Then it's time for the fun part. It's mask time.”
Cas laughs. “It's good to know you still find this middle-aged guy with wrinkles and hair that already started to gray hot.”
Shaking his head, Dean points at the door. “Nah, Jack. Look! Where you closed the door, see? No fucking fingerprints. It's fingerprint resistant.”
. He picked up the end of the belt and coiled it around his wrist. He could feel Cas straighten, trying to gain some more height, his features turning concentrated. Pulling out, Dean tightened the belt just a tad more. Perfect. “Hold still Cas and open wide.”
Dean's pulse gallops wildly in his chest and he wants nothing more than take those lips and kiss Castiel silly. Instead, he clears his throat. “What question is that?”
Dean pretends that he doesn't see the engraved MoL on the bottom of the sauce pan. “Might've.” He yanks the pan from Sam. “No time to argue, Sam, we're prepping your food now.” He winks at Cas, Eileen, and Jack. “Wait until he sees the frying pan, coffee pot, and utensils.”
“Don't you roll your eyes at me, Dean.” There was a dark promise in his voice about what would happen if he tried that again.
Grabbing his thighs, Dean does it more to have something to hold on to, than to control his movements.
Love and all that. Dean's love for the world, his love for Cas. It'll be alright, Cas says. Dean believes him. And he's trying desperately to believe
Dean closes his eyes briefly. He's a trembling mess, sweat-soaked and with red-rimmed eyes. His ass is on fire and his cock is harder than the stone it rests against. He doesn't feel beautiful. “I don't know Father,” he rasps out. “I feel kinda wrung out. Sweaty and dirty. Don't feel um... beautiful.”
Castiel moans into the kiss but doesn't seem to be surprised in the slightest. He winds his fingers into Dean's hair and pulls gently, causing Dean to gasp. Thrusting his tongue inside, they kiss wildly.
He hasn't noticed any signs of the cottage being haunted, but any ghosts lingering in the home-to-be of Dean and Castiel Winchester – extraordinary hunters – are plain stupid.
“Fuck...” He bites his lip and mumbles a 'sorry' when he sees how Castiel looks at him. The heat that engulfs his cheeks has nothing to do with arousal and everything to do with humiliation. His dick turns harder and Dean curses internally. He's so damn screwed. “I...” Dean wants to look away but Castiel's hand is a stern reminder of what will happen if he does. “Shit. I... I do feel dirty. Father.”
Dean nods. “I say lets buy one. We still need to do fencing and fix up the house. The last thing we need is me worrying about the chickens. Are they any good for eating?”
He feels Cas' lips softly on the back of his neck. Then another press of his mouth between his shoulder blades. Each kiss is slow, careful, and deliberate. The way Cas kisses him, like he's something holy, worthy of worship. Each kiss is a prayer, a supplication that Cas offers to Dean of all people – Cas who has seen dust and clouds of stars form into galaxies and who has watched the crust of the Earth collide into mountain ranges – worships
The screams of the changelings seem to rise together with the flames. Cas pushes the door shut and places the wooden stick underneath.
“Something is missing…” Gabriel mused, his whiskey-colored eyes grazing up and down the decoration thoughtfully. Suddenly it came to him, and he broke out into a wicked grin.
, guys...” It's almost a moan. “I'll cover my ears, close my eyes and count to thirty. Please, I beg you, be gone by then.”
The sucking motion stops and Cas looks at him, eyes too damn innocent for what he's doing. He winks once – that weird, adorable, squinty one-eye wink – and then he goes back to trying to suck Dean's soul out of his body.
Dean pried open his eyes. The voice was familiar but he had difficulty pinning it down. As he turned to the side, the room seemed to ripple. It looked unfamiliar he thought, but it was hard to tell when the walls were doing the fucking samba.
Grateful that he has a flannel shirt on and not just his T-shirt, he avoids getting nicked by random branches but his knees aren't so lucky. Despite the ground being soft, he still manages to find pebbles and hard roots. He winces as a particularly pointy root digs into his knee. “Lorp, what the fuck are you doing? Here, girl!” Finally, he's through and discovers a large clearing.
Dean leans in but Cas trails his hand down, pushes his palm against his chest. “I wasn't aware this is a good time for small talk.” Cas smiles again. “But I trust your experience, Dean.”
“I told you – fuck.” Cas pulls Dean back and up on his knees and his cock hits all the right places. Snaking a hand around Dean's throat, Cas' whisper is a growl in his ear. “You're such a good little cockslut.” He thrusts hard into Dean to emphasize his point.
Castiel popped off and went lower still. He used his hands to push Dean's thighs up and away and gave Dean's taint a quick lick.
Dean tries to ignore everything else besides his breathing but it's hard when his pulse jacks up. He can feel the presence of the priest –Castiel his mind supplies unhelpfully– like the hot rays of the sun on naked skin.
She smiled and filled his mug. “Hollar when you’re ready,” she told him, turning back to talk to the cook through the window.
Castiel holds up a thin oval–the sacramental bread. “The host will be the vessel for the most holy. With this final piece you will be sanctified from the inside, your soul untarnished again.” His voice is deeper, laced with desire. “Open your mouth.”
Turning, Dean raked the fingers through his hair. A sense of anguish washed over him. It was all happening again, all because of him. It was always his fault. “It was Chuck all along. We should be out there. Everybody's gonna die, Cas, everybody and I can't stop it.” Dean swallowed. “She's gonna get through that door – “
Dean groans. “I don't know, alright. And then I tried to follow your advice and be brave and ask him if he... you know, liked both and we ended up talking about coffee and tea.”
Finally done, he observed his handiwork. The bunker was a riot of Christmas color and sparkle. The tree exploded with cheer, stockings were hung, seasonal music played from some indiscernible place in the air and snow, real snow, swirled in the corners, mysteriously disappearing without making the floor wet.
“I do. I don't need it.” He looks down for a brief second, debating if the next thing he'll say is too corny but decides to go for it. “You're my fortune.”
He's already almost an hour late. He tries not to let it bother him because he knows he can't leave until he's finished with the rapport since the presentation is due first thing Monday morning, but he's pissed that he has to stay due to someone else being too slow doing their part.
A shadow of a smile passed over Castiel's face before he flattened his tongue against Dean's hole. He lapped slowly and with each stroke Dean groaned. He sounded needy, eager,
Soon, the pieces are all eaten up and the chickens saunter off, pecking on grass, clovers, and whatever small insects they find in the vegetation.
Cas smiles and takes popcorn from Dean's bucket. “It has been a while. I'm glad we're here now though.”
Castiel hits him again and again and all Dean knows is pain, dull and deep. It changes the instant Dean feels its rhythm. He grits his teeth as he feels a sharp bite
Cas cuts Dean off as he kisses him softly. His chapped lips press against his mouth. Just like the first kiss they shared, Cas still tastes like rain after a thunderstorm, electrifying and calming at the same time. “I know what's real. We are. I have faith, Dean. In us.”
“ –Yeah, that comes with the territory of being a little brother. I just wanted to let you know, we've been through a lot, and I – I know what you sacrificed and I just wanted to say thank you. For everything you've done for me. Looking out for me. Just thank you.”
He feels Cas' presence behind him as he walks towards the bathroom and then Cas grabs his hand. “You miss your grace? Glitter is a poor substitute for all that sparkle you had when you were juiced up on angel mojo Cas.”
Saliva runs downs Witch Dean's chin, and lands on Dean's balls. He can feel some of it run down on his legs and he pulls Witch Dean out. His lips are red and used and he looks absolutely debauched – and completely breathtaking. Dean pictures himself in this position and groans. “Fuck, you're beautiful.”
“Do not use the Lord's name in vain.” Castiel's voice is so calm, too calm and Dean clenches his cheeks to try to mitigate what he knows is coming. The next five consecutive hits have Dean standing on his toes. He breathes fast and he can
Dean feels his throat constrict and swallows hard. “That's... that's... I can't wait to read that part, Jack.”
. Grabbing his Thimble piece, he twirled it around, trying to mask his annoyance. “You can't just ignore the Jail card claiming it's property you bought, Cas!” That sentence sounded much calmer in his head.
Dean points a finger at Cas. “Don't talk to me about Purgatory. I prayed to you every damn day for a year, Cas!”
Dean grinned. “That's what I said.” He looked at Cas. How could he not? He blinked and noticed the figure next to him. “Jack!”
This is for @ladyartemisia28 on a03! She wanted something emotional, that tugged on the heartstrings.
Castiel pursed his lips and decided not to call Dean's bluff. “Hurry up, I'm cold and I ate all the food.”
He can hear Sam mutter a long string of phrases but the only thing he can make out is, “God, I need bleach.”
Castiel's cock is already hard. Not for the pain that is to come, no. But for how Dean is willing to submit, even though he doesn't like it. For Castiel's sake. Just the thought is enough to make him delirious with power, with
“Man, not now. You little nuggets! I vacuumed this morning!” He doesn't have time to yell more because Eileen wraps him up in a hug. Dean's irritation instantly dies down and he kisses Eileen on the head before pulling back. “Eileen, how's my favorite hunter doing?”
Dean takes the little note from Cas' outstretched hand. 'Your pet is planning to eat you.' Slamming his hand with the now crumpled note on the table he exclaims, “I knew it! Lorp has been out to get me from the get-go.”
“Fine.” Dean takes the glass and takes a sip but when Cas arches his brow, Dean drinks the whole thing. As he wipes his mouth, he sighs. “Happy now?”
There it was, out in the world. He was supposed to feel better and he did but his headache was still there. He looked at Cas who was yet to move, but his eyes were wide.
John wanted Dean to stay, take care of the farm, the family business. Dean wanted to study. Go to college. He'd even set his eyes on becoming an engineer just like Cas had, although Cas had mentioned something about maybe turning towards biology. Not that it mattered, they could still apply to the same college.
Castiel lets go of his legs momentarily and pulls at his suit pants. They fall down to the ground with a loud thud.
“Done with the rounds?” Sam says. He sits next to Cas and they've probably been talking crap because they both pause their conversation, looking at him studiously as if they think he's going to erupt at any second.
John suddenly finds that his house in Heaven is crowded, both with people he wants to see, and some that he doesn't want to see.
Listening to people describe it was as if the gloom of mount Doom and Morgoth himself were upon them. And when August turned into September and Dean thought it was chilly, he'd seen people at the outside cafes huddled in soft blankets, sipping coffee and their faces turned towards the sun like freaking wildflowers. He'd thought they were crazy, but crazy in a subtle and demure fashion, like the Swedes seemed to be.
“That was a lie though, Henley. About Cas being who he is. Sure, Cas is Cas, but he's... more you know? Before I only imagined but now I
“Yes, yes, just like that. Please, Father.” Dean grips the rosaries harder until his knuckles turn white. With each thrust, Castiel sends pain through Dean. His ass is on fucking fire and his thighs throb and sting. It's a heat, albeit a different kind than the one he feels in his chest where his heart threatens to explode or his cock that is leaking.
Tucking away his gun, Dean's voice is hoarse with disbelief. “Cas? What the hell are you doing out here?”
He can't help it. He hugs Cas tighter than normal, and is reluctant to leave the warm embrace of his husband.
Cas let out a laugh. “I don't blame you. Since I became human, I've come to understand and appreciate the value of sleep a lot more.”
Whether Cas utilized the traditional pen, a brush, crayons, or a tablet pen everything that he created was beautiful. Dean took in Cas as he sat cross-legged on the couch, sunlight flooding into the room. He chewed on his lip as his hand moved. Even from here, Dean heard the soft whispers of the pen moving over paper.
The other Dean moans and Dean hears the soft thud as he discards his gun. “We'd wear panties because it reminds us of Rhonda Hurley and Cas would rip a hole into them and fuck us through the fabric.“
Dean cleared his throat and went down slowly. He didn't want to seem too eager and by doing it slowly he also had time to position himself properly. It felt ridiculous but Cas' hand on his ass chased away that thought instantly. It felt right.
The two chickens practically run him over in their quest to get the food. “You already craving those pellets, I see.” They pay him no heed as they pick at the corn.
Castiel didn't fail to recognize the note of pride in Sam's voice. “I'm glad that you came, no matter
Dean tries to calm his breathing. There's gotta be a way out of here, something that he can do. Cas! He can pray to Cas. He'll at least be able to tell him –
When Castiel opens his eyes again they are blue; it reminds Dean of the wide-open sea, calm and vast with a clear sky above. Little does he know that it's the silent calm before a turbulent storm.
Jack looks at them and Dean is taken aback but the shine in Jack's eyes. He grabs his arm. “Jack, are you okay?”
Cas winds his arms around Dean's waist and looks over his shoulders. “Later. Right now I'm busy watching you – wait a second.”
“Yeah, fine, I feel kinda beat too. And I guess you're right. I wasn't sleeping much. But there was always something, you know? Something to do, something to worry about.” He pauses and decides to voice his next thought. “Something –
Dean hums. There's a heaviness to his body, it threatens to pull him under. “Must've been my good looks,” he mumbles.
Somewhere over the years they had grown up, and with that lost their innocence, and Dean was happy to have had all of that with Cas. And somewhere over the years, between school and play, and being dumped by girls and dumping girls, between calculus and civics and the unrelenting wheel that churned on, changing spring to summer, to crisp autumn and cold winter, Dean realized that he not only loved Cas. He was in love with him.
“You are beautiful, do you know that, Dean? More so when you moan my name. I can't wait to hear it on your lips again. I can't wait to have your lips on me again either.”
His body locks up for a second and his balls tighten. He comes with a cursed sound. His rigid cock spurts, come landing on Castiel until Dean is spent and sags into the mattress.
Dean moves in his sleep and a spike of excitement goes through Castiel. Of course, he doesn't want to get caught, but there is always something thrilling about the fact that he
The following Thursday on his evening jog, he sees Castiel on the driveway walking around his car and then popping up the hood. “Anything I can help you with, Mr. Novak?”
Tags: Established relationship, dark fic, case-fic, pyrophilia, kids die (they're monsters but still). Kudos and comments are better than cookies. Thank you, I appreciate all of you.
“Look at you. So beautiful. There's something truly holy and magical about confession, about easing your burdens. Don't you think, Dean?” He wipes away Dean's tears with his thumb.
Dark wings spread out before Dean. Black, iridescent feathers cloak Castiel and obscure the light in the room. There is no need for much light though; the wings ripple with light of their own as Castiel moves, still riding out his orgasm.
Dean laughs. “I guess not. Victorian Pewter.” He stares at the shade. “That's fucking gray, not white.” He thumbs on the screen, looks at more options. There are more shades of white than he could've ever imagined. “Man, I guess – the Scotch Mist is kinda nice.”
The archangel moved across the room, climbing the iron stairs that led out of the bunker. At the top, on the landing in front of the door, he turned to lean on the metal railing. He looked down and realized that this was the exact view he’d had, many long months before, when he’d killed Asmodeus.
Curiosity peaked, Dean raises his arms above his head and throws the box as hard as he can on the floor. He hears a thud and grins when he lifts the box; the lid is loose. Opening the box he finds... another box.
“Fuck, your ass feels so good, Dean. It was made for this. Your entire body yearns for this purification. This temple is wide open, ready to receive the holiest of blessings.” Castiel grabs Dean's ass cheek and squeezes as if he wants to personally breach through the walls anyway. He doesn't hold back and hits that spot deep inside Dean that feels fucking amazing over and over again.
“Then maybe you should draw yourself.” Dean said. It was surprisingly easy to say it; it felt right.
“You're beautiful,” Dean says and takes Cas' hand, rubbing a calloused thumb over skin that isn't quite smooth anymore.
This is for @ladyartemisia28 on a03. They wanted the prompt to be funny too. Dk if I managed that xD.
"You ever considered a begging kink?" That flew out his mouth before he could reel himself in and he was ready to slap the shit outta himself based on the pitiful demeanor with which Cas was now cringing.
The kitchen is clean and the dishwasher hums softly. Dean glances up the stairs and puts down his bag. Slowly, he unzips it and grins. “My baby.”
Cas wasted no time. He leaned in and caught Dean in a searing kiss. He was pretty sure that neurons actually exploded inside him. He forgot how to breathe momentarily but Cas was all around him, the taste of him, the warmth and the feeling of his lips, and that was enough.
“Mm,” Dean agrees as Castiel's fingers move over his cheeks, caressing so softly. It feels nice and his cock is already hardening.
It's hard and fast-paced and Castiel is all over him, like a relentless storm. Dean wants to close his eyes, wants to be swept away but the image of Castiel taking his pleasure is a riveting sight.
The mattress dipped as Castiel knelt down onto the bed and without preamble, he pushed away one of Dean's legs as much as the binding allowed.
“I wouldn't say we were blind, Dean. We were both caught up in our own dark reflections and thoughts, too busy looking at the shadows instead of the light that was causing that shadow.” He pauses briefly. “The constant apocalypses didn't help either. But now, I'm letting the sun shine on my face.”
There's no reply but judging by Cas' increase in speed, he heard Dean. “Are you gonna tell me why you brought the chickens along?”
Steps forwards until Dean was submerged under water. A flash of blue light, so familiar and comforting. Dean smiled, and the taste of salt was like home. Inhaling, he breathed in. Dean was home.
Prompt by @pssy-wagn on Tumblr. They also requested dark... but I guess writing about arsonists is kinda dark in its own right ; )
Castiel laughs. “The reason you fell in love with my eyes was because that was the only part of my body that was visible.”
A tall man entered John's house. His dark jacket was unbuttoned, and he wore what looked like a fisherman's cap on his head. Grey dusted his beard and he spoke with a Cajun rasp. “Dean.”
Cas grabs his hips as his tentacles pull Dean's legs apart and then something thinner pushes its way inside Dean's hole. Warm fluid fills him and Dean grunts in question.
He looks content; at peace. It's not something that Dean would choose to do for relaxation, he'd rather go fishing but seeing the look of happiness on Cas' face, well, Dean would dig a hundred garden patches for him. He'd call Sam for backup though, that's what brothers are for.
“There's nothing wrong with wearing safety gear. Isn't it protocol when looking for missing people?”
A few days later pass and Dean tries to keep things as neutral as possible at work. It's very difficult, especially as Castiel asks for his advice constantly. He does have a nagging suspicion that Castiel doesn't really need the help though, because he only listens to Dean's answers halfheartedly.
Henley and Lorp seem affronted by the notion that they have to walk back. Their steps are slow and deliberate.
Dean and Cas talk about their upcoming vacation and Dean reveals what he's giving Cas for his birthday.
Dean let that go because Cas's situation was a little more important than defending an all too accurate passive-aggressive jab at the moment. He ran back into the bathroom, whipped off his towel before hopping back in with the peanut butter, hoping Cas didn't notice it tucked under his arm. This could go one of two ways; the peanut butter works, it might squick Cas out more but only briefly and would restore domestic calm. Or it might squick Cas out so much he'd have to buy stock in Sylvania industrial light bulbs from the amount that could burst from his pissbaby screeching.
Castiel continues to touch Dean's cheeks. Now and then he caresses Dean's balls, gently cupping them and he keeps an irregular pattern, always making Dean guess where he'll go next.
The grip on Dean's waist turns into a vice and it will probably bruise but that is a problem for tomorrow. Right this moment though, Dean is awash in sensations.
Dean rubs a hand over his face. “Well, that was something.” He picks up the steel ball and places it back on the table. “While it was nice meeting you, Dean, I think one of us is enough.”
That's all it takes. Dean stills for a few seconds as he grabs hold of Castiel's shoulders. The orgasm is ripped out of him and he grits his teeth trying to mute his scream. Cum stains his boxer shorts but what was just a few seconds before a worry, becomes a minor nuisance as Dean rides out the high.
Castiel splays his hand on Dean's hip and just lets it rest there. His skin is warm and Castiel fights the urge to claim him, to dig his fingers in and marl Dean for real. Instead, he angels in a finger and lifts up the waistband.
Sam looks at Dean and grabs the spoon from his hands. “Didn't stop you when I was here, now did it? The spoon is mine. Eileen will be here in thirty minutes. Try to clean up before then.”
Eagerly, Dean nods and pants. “Yes, Sir. I think that's an excellent idea. I think... you need to be really thorough.”
When Dean finds out that Old Millie's house down the block has been sold, he thinks nothing of it. The neighborhood he lives in has people coming and going all the time and although he'd miss Millie, they've said their goodbyes. Besides, Dean is certain that she'll be a menace at the retirement home.
When they're outside on the porch, Dean closes the door behind them and quickly heads to the kitchen to make some sandwiches. Finished with the human food, he grabs some more pellets and tosses them out into the grass on his way out the door. “There you go, you greedy little winged fuckers!”
Swallowing, Dean grits his teeth. Even though it's Castiel, it's hard for him to ask for what he wants. He's more comfortable using his body, so he does just that, pressing his ass up, arching his back, telling Castiel silently to touch him, to use him.
It's difficult to stay serious when Dean's heart threatens to pound out of his chest. The way Cas' hand pushes down on his throat is too much. He wants more, all that Cas can give him. Dean likes Cas when he's gentle and soft, like spring water slowly flowing over rocks but he
Dean lets out a sound between a cry and a sob that goes straight down to that dark place Castiel loves to feed,
“Nothing!” Dean calls out to Cas. “Just giving the chickens their breakfast.” He walks over to Cas, sits down next to him, and gives him a sandwich. “Made you breakfast. We need to get going after this. I forgot the stove was dead, so we need coffee.
His eyes wander down the length of Cas' body and he doesn't have to wonder what's underneath. He knows each part of Cas intimately, from the strong shape of his arms, his chest that houses a heart beating nothing but love for him, down his stomach and those legs with thighs that could crush him. He knows how Cas tastes, how he moans when he's close.
"Would you calm down! It's oil, not fire Cas! Guess this definitively answers my question about combining wing and cum kinks.."
Dean turns his face to the side. The ground claws at his cheeks. “We've dreamt about his cock for years, haven't we?” The other Dean moves his hips and Dean feels the coarse hair of his other self's groin against his ass before he pulls back again.
Precome leaks down Dean's head. He closes his eyes and lets out a quiet moan – he can't let the whole goddamn office hear – and that seems to spur Cas on. “Fuck, the things you do to me and you're not even here.”
On the plus side of not needing to save the world every goddamn minute is that Dean has finally started to get used to a bit more than four hours of sleep. The drawback is that when he
. His pulse roared in his head which was impossible because of the whole heart-stopping-thing but Dean was not one for rational thought right now.
Castiel's voice is a dark rumble. “If you don't confess, I can't purify you of your sins. I won't ask you again.
“Ok, Dean. You mentioned black, and that you want a waistcoat. Let’s get some stuff and try it on you. We can make sure to leave room for your boyfriend’s-”
The creature Cas was inspired by is a water cryptid, Encantado, that usually lives in the Amazon. They are notorious dolphin shifters and are considered dangerous during festive times. They seduce, kidnap and impregnate young women and have magic abilities like controlling storms and hypnotism. I took some liberties with the lore ; ) Basically Cas is dangerous Party!Cas in this one.
Saltwater rushes inside his mouth. It flattens his tongue and stings as it forces itself down, down. Dean coughs but it's a torrent of water and it fills his lungs until they're on fire. He can't stop it.
After watching Castiel fail (miserably) the first two times, Dean suggested that he'd do the third attempt. “No offense Cas, but don't pick up spear throwing as a hobby.”
He ate that with gusto as well, and Harv, the cook and owner, came out to talk while Marge closed up and locked the door.
Dean relaxed against the intrusion. His body perched up for a second, and his cock twitched but Dean closed his eyes, willing sleep to find him. It felt amazing having Cas inside him like this.
Fuck that. Dean took another sip, trying to drown out the harrowing thought. What made things worse was that Cas had been so damn hopeful, it practically rolling off him in waves and here Dean was still with his fear of losing Cas, even when he was right in front of him.
Tearing himself away from Cas was hard but Dean figured Cas needed a breather. Hell, he needed one too. “When what?” Dean's lips were raw but he still ached to kiss Cas again.
“I want to continue that journey with you, Dean. Our bond is profound, and holy, we know that. I want the whole world to know it, too.”
No, it was the vibrations that lingered in their mind. The energy that settled around them. Affection, admiration, pride in a mission succeeded. And underneath all that a single thread of gold. The same thread that turned into a magnificent tapestry of love as Min looked at her husband and children.
Two fingers are shoved unceremoniously into his ass. Dean clenches his jaws shut, refuses to make a sound. The other Dean moans. “Fuck, you're so tight. We never did get fucked the way we wanted to. All those years, always wanting but never asking. The time for asking is over.”
“Yeah, yeah, you owe me one. Me and Cas have just a few more things to fix, but most of the big stuff we're already finished with, so you guys can come over whenever you're ready.”
the bulge. He feels the outline of Cas' cock and another wave of pleasure hits him. “Jesus Christ,” he mutters and Cas keeps pounding him and Dean can feel his orgasm approaching like a damn tidal wave.
“Son of a bitch.” He grabs Lorp under his arm. “Get chickens, they said. It will be fun, they said.” He closes the door to the run and goes after Henley.
“Mm, just relax.” Cas continues to move over his scalp, using just enough pressure. It's somewhere between pleasure and pain and Dean feels himself swaying.
Witch Dean arches an eyebrow. “I'm only here briefly. Dean. You don't need to get your panties in a twist or do a spell or whatever. Give or take half an hour and I'll be back in my world. Cas is gonna have a field day with this. And speaking of release...” Witch Dean puts a finger under Dean's chin and moves him slightly to the side. Leaning in, he whispers in Dean's ear. “I've always been curious how release would feel by the hands of
“It's nothing.” Witch Dean looks at Dean with a curious expression on his face. “About everything else... you did good, you know. Really fucking good. And you know what you're gonna do now?”
Night has settled over the cabin in the woods. Even the small lake just a few steps away is quiet. Trees surround the structure and although Dean can see the dim lights from the neighborhood afar, he knows that this particular cabin is isolated, its only companions, nature and wild animals.
Behind Cas, Dean spots Henley on her clawed chicken feet. “Nope. Nope. Henley, you get your feathery ass out of here. Number one, the floor's just done, so help you if I see scratches. Number two, if I see you try to nibble at Mr. Plant I'll make a chicken sandwich out of you and then I'll nibble on
Mid stride he trips on a root that pokes up from the ground. Grabbing the nearest tree, he narrowly avoids making a face plant in the wet grass. “Don't know what Sam sees in hiking.” Dean wipes his dirty hands on his jeans. “It's just walking with a torturous add-on. Nope, I'm saying no to this upgrade. Even Stephen King wrote a book about walking. The master of horror can't be wrong.”
“That's it, don't be shy. Show me how much you want me.” He pauses and gives Dean a smile. “The office closes soon. I'd reckon you have a few minutes left. Show me how much you've desired me these weeks. How much you craved me. How much you want me to get you off.” He nods. “Here's your chance to get off.”
Watching in disbelief, Dean was about to open his mouth when Cas narrowed his eyes and his whole demeanor changed. Fuck, Dean knew that look. His body seemed to vibrate in anticipation despite Dean's silent objections about how all of this derailed his plans.
Cas scoffs and rolls his eyes but turns silent as the onslaught of Dean's memories, his dreams, washes over him. When he removes his fingers, he understands Dean's excitement. “So you want that...”
Dean splayed on arm behind him, and Cas was immediately there gripping his wrist tightly. “Go on, I want more. I hesitate to say this Cas, but I think you're the best lay I ever had.”
A drawer could be heard closing softly. “Soon, soon,” Dean admonished. “I have a gift for you. Close your eyes. And no fucking cheating, I will know it.”
Dean loved the farm and he loved his dad, but he didn't want to end up like his dad. Not that he wasn't grateful for John and everything he'd done for him, but he saw the stress, the long hours he pulled in, and the shit earnings he got. That was no life he wanted for himself.
And while the road has been arduous and long, Dean has carved out his own path, over stones and hills. He has carved out a place in his own heart, for a cosmic love that swayed back and forth, until it settled at last.
Castiel is a god demanding sacrifice and Dean is humanity, more than willing to bleed for him. He needs to escape but there is nowhere to go, nowhere to hide. He is anchored to the altar, not with chains and force but with a need to be sanctified and a desire to submit.
The feeling of Castiel's cock inside him was awful but what was worse still was Dean's cock starting to harden. He knew it was just a physical reaction but right then and there he didn't care.
Ion pushes inside and his cock is wider than Cas'. Dean swallows around the girth of Ion and exhales through his nose. He tastes earthy and salty and the weight of his cock feels awesome on Dean's tongue.
Picking up the ball again, Dean sighs in relief, grateful that he's dodged a bullet. He places the steel ball back where he found it and is just about to go play some video games when he feels it.
Next, he unbuckles his belt, unzips, and removes his pants. He places them on top of the Henley, folded. His socks meet the same fate.
Squeezing Cas' hand, Dean leans in and kisses him, enjoying the taste of beer on his lips. It's some local craft beer called
Castiel was the image of perfection in Dean's mind. His body was muscular, with strong arms and legs, a flat stomach that just begged to be caressed and his hard cock made Dean's heart pound faster, pure want coursing through him. Suddenly Dean found himself lacking. How could a creature like Cas want him? Dean blinked when Cas suddenly appeared in front of him, his hand caressing Dean's cheek.
Dean spread out his hand over Cas' chest and couldn't help it; he rolled his eyes. “This is me being love or whatever, alright? Before you... got taken to the Empty – and trust me I don't like thinking about that day – the things you said to me. I get it. And...” His gaze flickered to Cas' eyes.
The silence is deafening but Dean feels nothing but relief. That means he's alone. He's his own and not Michael's meatsuit.
There's a shuffle as Cas goes to lean on the other side of the doorframe. “So you're trying to say that you're really overjoyed with all of this?”
Castiel smiles and just radiates light. Fuck, how can someone look that sweet and utterly sexy at the same time?
Castiel stilled then, and Dean heard the groans as he spilled his seed inside Dean. He could feel the come as Castiel continued to fuck him and the damn hand was still there.
Dean laughs. “Alright. Let's get washed up and then we'll pick another movie. Sam has suffered enough.”
Exhaling, Ariel grabbed the cloth and started polishing their blade again. “It was my name long before these humans came up with her, Phanuel. You know that.” They glanced at the cigarette in his hand, their brown eyes narrowing.
This is for @ladyartemisia28 on a03! She wanted fluff with pining. Not sure that I met all the criteria (this one was kinda tricky but I tried).
"I don't read Chuck's crap, how should I know. And why would I wanna read fiction of that shit show he wrote for us?"
He's right though, Castiel is right. His gravelly voice and the way he speaks to Dean is about to push him off the edge. “Wait, my pants. I can't come in my pants.”
. “But now, when he's a human, he'll know. He'll see right through you.” The other Dean does a flicking motion with his left hand, twirling a black, slightly curved blade.
His dick perks up in seconds, and when he hears Cas moaning, it travels from his ear straight to his dick. “Holy fuck, are you jerking off, Cas?”
He covered Dean, kissing him lazily near the collarbone, the throat, down his chest, and felt a sense of triumph each time Dean thrust his hips up in silent invitation for more.
When he finally enters, Dean is so close and then Castiel starts moving his finger in and out. “I do think everything is working properly.”
“Man, see those little vanilla dots. This is gonna be epic. Now, for the next part, we're gonna make the cake. Since we're on a time crunch, I've prepared one already.” He bent down and grabbed the cake from the cabinet. “I've always wanted to say that.”
Dean wants to shift on the bench, escape Castiel's scrutiny but Castiel presses two fingers to Dean's forehead. “If you disobey me one more time, there will be consequences, Dean.”
Dean nodded towards the exit. “Let's go find Sam and Jack. Then we have to save the world again. One last time.”
Cas just stared at Dean, a dangerous tone to his voice. “Everyone could see that was a primordial slug, thus the Cretaceous period.”
After what feels like an eternity, when Dean is mad with lust and practically humping Castiel's leg, Castiel speaks again. “I think I should stick a finger inside. Just to see that everything is alright. Don't you agree, Dean?”
Cas opens the small black box and Dean's gaze goes to the ring. It's silver – or maybe platinum – with a dark band in the middle. “Dean Winchester, will you marry me?”
Whatever it was, he felt the tension in his body. His muscles ached and it this was a hangover, it was the worst he'd ever had. Resigning to the aches and pains, Dean closed his eyes again and slept.
Dean looks around the bedroom, but even that feels like too much effort. He lands back down on the pillow and doesn't object when sleep claims him.
It's warm in the tent, hotter still in the sleeping bag. Dean isn't sure if it's Cas' body heat or his heart still beating wildly but it's too much. He feels like he's suffocating.
Cas's balls tightened as did the rest of his muscles and Dean felt the heated jets of come spurting from his swollen head spilling down his hand and murmured only the most private endearments into his mouth as he continued milking him through his aftershocks.
“Uh-huh, right. Not that they're wrong but–“ A hard pinch on the side of Dean's stomach has him yelp. “What the fuck?”
Stepping back, Gabriel slowly spun around, surveying the overload of Christmas that had now arrived in the bunker.
Cas just blinks as Dean wipes away the annoying glittery flecks from his face. “Sam?! What the hell man?”
Cas' pants are already off when Dean tosses his boxers over his shoulder. He looks at Cas. “Catch me if you can.”
Dean murmurs, his thoughts already drowsy from tiredness. “That can't be true. You're the sunshine.” He licks his lips, pushing out the words. He's grateful for the mostly dark
Dean raises his eyes and Castiel sees the apprehension there. He loves it. And he loves Dean. “You can still say no.”
Dean drummed his fingers against the steering wheel as he drove, Metallica providing a throbbing back beat to his noisy thoughts. He passed the exits for Topeka and Lawrence, figuring he might as well drive the two hundred odd miles to Kansas City and hit up the big, fancy malls there. He had $2000 dollars in poker money plus a stolen card with another $1500 on it. Dean figured he ought to find something worth giving Cas, even if this four hour drive for a shopping trip was high on the ridiculous. Maybe he’d just spend the night up there.
In the middle of the room, Dean sits down on the wooden floor and grabs his notepad and pen. “I can't believe what I'm hearing. We're not keeping that color, Cas. Over my dead body.”
Castiel's hand travels up Dean's back and Dean relaxes. Goosebumps erupt on his flesh and he's not sure if that comes from pleasure or the sweat cooling down his body. He moves his shoulders and grimaces at the pain but still welcomes it. It causes a momentary rush of warmth to go through him.
It's a reaction. Something that he doesn't even think about, it just happens. Castiel reaches out, grabs the knife from his back pocket and flicks the blade out.
Upon further inspection, Dean felt fortunate that only a few small pieces had pierced his skin, the rest had just scratched him pretty good. He turned when Cas had gotten them all out and kissed him. His hand made its way down to his angel's dick, as it often did when kissing him, and started a slow but steady rhythm. Cas had proved a fan of damn near every kind of physical affection which pleased Dean to no end. He was a sucker for touch himself and couldn't get enough of the sexually intense variety just as much as the soft, quiet gestures lovers exchange both in and out of the public eye.
This was their favorite hiding place from the time they still clung to their mother's skirts and up until their voices started breaking and the innocence of child's play had turned into something else.
“All done,” Cas breathes heavily. “The mucus shield will disintegrate in a few hours when the eggs are secure and have fully adapted to the new environment.” Cas moves away the sweat-soaked hair from Dean's face and kisses him.
“Oh, trust me, you'll be very involved,” Cas says. He turns to Ion. “You're still on for game night tomorrow?”
He hears the mirth as Cas interrupts him. “There were no cakes in sight and I know you were gossiping about me. Both you and Eileen turned dead silent as I walked in and the look on your face Dean, was like a deer caught in the headlights.”
https://www.instagram.com/p/BvZ0ApLgz97/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=1bo38ty17nc1x&fbclid=IwAR22gltHKlZvGFasIf34HqVADEXwPNb2lj40C_dQpcKgNLx9P2nVwFcRfpg
Dean swallows as his hands grab at Castiel's thighs. The cassock doesn't give the best purchase but he grips tightly anyway. He tries to do as Castiel tells him and relaxes.
“Nah, it's good, Cas.” After quickly wiping himself off, Dean tosses the now dirty T-shirt into a corner. “The old shirts from when you were... Um, I didn't know you still kept those shirts.”
For a moment, he thinks waves are washing over him; he hears the violent turmoil echoing inside him until the muffled screams register as his own.
Dean shakes his head and unbuttons Cas' shirt. “Nah, just thinking about the night we met.” He kisses Cas' clavicle.
Winding his fingers in Dean's hair, Cas pulls his head back and whispers in his ear. “Yes, it's time for breeding. We don't have much time.”
of Cas. Because of his eyes, his body changing from thin and wiry to strong and defined. Because of his touch that went from rough when playing with toys to soft when caressing naked skin.
Ion stills for a second and taps Dean's cheek. “You're still busy here. I don't want to feel even the whisper of a tooth on my cock. You got it?”
Castiel scoffs and runs his fingers through Dean's hair. “Don't sulk now, you had fun. Most of the time. I had a lot of fun.” He can hear Dean take a deep breath.
Dean turns to look back at Charlie and catches her looking at him. She immediately turns around and he can see her paying for something.
"Benny should come back and makeout with Dean in front of John simply because I cannot think of something that would bother John more since he's a male vampire. Maybe when Sam casually brings up Dean's fling with the demonic king of hell. To which Dean's like well you slept with a demon too! And John just stares and is like, okay I like the gay angel I guess. Then Cas walks in and punches John straight in the face."
Desire makes Dean's stomach lurch. “Yeah, that's Castiel. He'll join us.” He looks back at Ion. He doesn't seem too discouraged, on the contrary, he looks more intrigued.
Castiel sighed. “Just don't kill them, alright.” He could hear Dean's disapproval through the phone.
Dean feels Cas' cock nudge against his hole and it won't fit, no fucking way. Just the head feels big, too big but Cas keeps pushing. He tries to relax but there's still a burn as Cas breaches him. The pain registers in Dean's mind at the same time as it turns into sweet pleasure, coursing through his body. The feeling of Cas' cock in his ass is indescribable. It's huge and Dean is afraid for when Cas needs to pull out but right now he just tries to take in what feels like a damn tree trunk fucking him.
Cas exhales and keeps fucking him, ignoring Dean's protests and awed whispers. Maybe he's close now, Dean thinks because he let's go of Dean's wrists.
Dean looks over at Castiel. He's not in the mood for horror either, especially not when the whole freaking day has felt like being in a horror movie. “Me neither. Eight?”
chickens are not food, just–I was talking, uh, in general. They can steal your sandwich,” he finishes.
Castiel doesn't miss the hitch in his voice. He's beautiful. “Very well. Go and bend over on the bench.”
Jack peers up from one of the high chairs in the library. “I'm here reading a book. It's not me. It doesn't sound like a ghost either.”
Phanuel clicked his tongue in annoyance. “I heal. And I do like the taste. So sue me, Mermy.” He picked up his phone and opened up his favorite game. Time to grow some motherfucking lime.
After all, why tell the Winchesters he was alive, if he could just leave them some clues? That sounded a lot more entertaining, not to mention less likely to involve long, boring explanations.
Cas still seems concerned, so Dean pulls him in for another soft kiss. “Look, if you're concerned that I'll let my beard flow freely and become a lone mountain man, sitting all alone and being sexy with my silence because it's 'too quiet'? You're mistaken.”
The phone starts buzzing in Dean's pocket, a soft vibration but just then Cas moans. Dean pulls away, still smiling – it seems like he can't stop – and takes Cas' hand. “You don't need to hold me down, Cas. I'm not going anywhere. I mean I'm not saying you can't
get his five and a half hours, sometimes even six hours, he feels like shit. And with no coffee in sight, he's already feeling the effects of being awake in the middle of the night.
Pulling one last time on the straw, Dean swallows the milkshake and shrugs. “I dunno, Sammy, maybe because I work there. Just a guess.” Dean knows it's there without even looking, and sure enough, when he actually
The next words Dean utters are muted by Cas kissing him. His tentacles flick open the buttons on Dean's shirt but he must feel impatient since moments later he rips the shirt from Dean's body.
Dean pulls up his T-shirt and glares at the mark on his skin the chicken left behind. “You know what I find lovable?”
“You love me? You couldn't have mentioned this earlier? Cas' voice has an edge to it. “Now is a really bad time.”
Dean can't help the smile that pulls on his lips. “Well, that someone was a dumbass.” He grabs the chicken. “What do you want?”
He knows those words but they're wrong; each word delivered with a cold scorn instead of the weight of truth.
Cas has already placed the chickens in their carrier and put them inside the house. “The chickens have water. Let's go.”
A sudden movement gives Dean an excuse to avert his eyes from the pain he sees in Cas'. He looks down at the black velvet ring box. It
Cas hollows his lips and starts sucking Dean off, while his other hand strokes his balls through the fabric. It feels fucking amazing. He eases off for a second and looks at Dean. “You're so pretty like this. Panting, full of need, even now chasing my hand.”
Cas hugs Dean tightly. “I think on our part, there was considerable effort involved, not luck. But yes, he's beautiful. The kindest man I know.”
Dean pulls the sash around his robe tightly and looks for his slippers. When he can't find them, he just shrugs and walks over to his desk. He grabs a discarded bottle of whiskey and shakes it to see if there's something left at the very bottom, but it's empty.
He holds on to the jacket, keeping it close. Turning his head to the side, Dean sees his phone has slipped out of his pocket.
. Instead, Dean had smiled softly while looking down on the grass and earth, his face hidden from view.
Now he has all the time in the world and if he ever forgets about it, Cas is there as a living reminder.
The silence lay heavy between them. Cas felt such elation for a brief moment before he came back to reality, to what they still had to fight for.
Dean caresses her dark feathers; they're surprisingly soft to the touch. “Hm, you're costing me money. When are those egg-producing skills setting in? Huh?” Lorp just closes her eyes.
“You know, Liza and I went through some patches where we were damn poor and those were some of our favorite Christmases. Ain’t ‘bout the gifts. ‘Bout the thought behind the gifts. Remember that.” He dried his hands and picked up his bag. “And someday, when they’re gone, all you’ll want is them back. All those gifts don’t mean a damn.” He patted Dean on the back as he left. “Good luck, kid.”
“It's not – it's nothing like a hoodie! Do you see Michelin chefs strutting around in hoodies? No, they wear aprons.”
And for the first time in a long time, there is no disparaging voice, no fear that creeps into Dean's being when he allows himself to think about Cas and the future. He's at peace.
“That’s better. Every angel with a stick up his ass should have a trench coat,” he announced to no one in particular, climbing down from the chair, which helpfully reseated itself under the table with a flick of his fingers.
He lets Cas say his goodbyes and turns his attention to the two chickens. They seem calm for now. Dean grabs the handle for the carrier. The trunk is stuffed with their things and he doesn't think Cas will appreciate having the carrier in his lap the entire time.
His fingers flexed, and his mind was already starting to wake up. “Puriel, you have anything stronger? Something that can put me under?”
“Uh-huh.” Dean flips open a cap and pours some massage oil in his hands. He rubs his hands to heat up the oil a bit and then kneels next to Cas.
“Get yourself killed for just a few months and they start living out a Hallmark movie in your absence,” he muttered to himself.
Just as Dean and Castiel ran up to Sam and Jack a loud scream interrupted the pitter-patter of the rain.
It was a strange experience just waiting, being there as Cas had his cock inside him. Not being allowed to move, to seek the pleasure he knew they both loved. It was a thrill on its own though knowing that his pleasure was irrelevant, and that right now he was just a means to an end. A hole to keep Cas' cock warm.
The raw honesty of Cas' words are still hard to hear but slowly, each day, Cas is carving away at Dean's self doubt like water slowly eroding a mountain and filling those cavities with love, peace and a surety in himself. “I don't know. Mostly blind luck. We were so fucking blind. I was at least.” He can feel Cas still, as if each word wounds him. But as soon as Cas opens his mouth, it's even worse. Cas isn't wounded, he's doing that thing where he's both loving and sad at the same time. Dean hates it because it makes
Castiel has placed a little marker near the door. He's tried it out once before and knows that it works. Nonetheless, as he pushes down the handle, it still thrills him that the door gives way. He closes the door behind him, and threads on soft feet towards the bedroom.
“You're going to name them... Henley and Lorp?” Cas hums and nods slightly. “Those certainly are... names.”
He comes home late, slightly buzzed, and contemplates watching something on Netflix but decides against it. Although work doesn't start until Monday, he usually reads a children's book or two on Sundays–one classic and one brand new–to be in the game, and some of those books are long.
“What, us talking about chickens?” He laughs but some of his worry settles. His breathing is easier and that panicked jolt in his heart is gone, even though the warmth of it still lingers throughout his body.
Dean grabs Cas and pulls him in. He kisses him fervently like he's a goddamn teenager and smiles when Cas kisses him back. He loves him so damn much. “Are you thinking the same thing as me?”
“Remind me why I'm giving you a second chance.” The words were forced out of Dean, and they felt bitter on his tongue. Cas deserved nothing but praise and gratitude but there was this lingering anger smoldering below the surface that Dean couldn't seem to quite shake off him.
Dean grins. Cas was always his hope, even when Dean carried that knowledge silently in his heart.“Besides that. And it feels nice to be the master of my own fate.”
But still, how could Dean not have fallen in love with Cas? Sure, he was weird as fuck; talked about bees as if they were the world's salvation, knew eight languages (eight!) fluently – which was not so much weird as it was hot – poured milk first and then cereals and he insisted that the books should be sorted by author name and genre even though Dean had reminded him that they didn't actually own a library.
“Call me, Cas. It's much more intimate.” Castiel smiled but it didn't reach his eyes. “I don't have an issue with that, seeing since we'll get much more intimate soon.”
After tossing some corn in the grass, Lorp and Henley are too busy scratching the ground in search of the prized yellow nibbles to pay Dean any attention as he closes the front door. “Alright, let's get to it. Kitchen first. I can't wait to use the stove, Cas. It's my baby.”
“You stay the fuck away from me.” Dean kicked towards Castiel but he was already between Dean's legs and his flailing didn't do much. He got a knee in Castiel's side but whatever the bastard had drugged him with was still lingering in his body because Castiel didn't even flinch.
“Oh my god, please more.” Dean is lost to Cas, his tentacles, lost to everything but the pleasure he's feeling.
“Only you would think that's –” Dean gasps as Cas' mouth suddenly finds his. His tongue demands entrance and apparently Dean's not quick enough. The sharp pull on a nipple makes Dean cry out in surprise and Cas invades his mouth. He kisses him rough and hard, only to pull away as Dean gets all worked up. Cas' name dies on his lips as he starts moving his hips.
Dean pats his flamethrower, a thrill of excitement going throw him. “Cas, stop ruining my buzz.” Three, two, one.
Finding the back of Cas' hair, Dean pulls on it and grins when Cas sighs. “You're so fucking hot, you know that?”
He digs his fingers into Henley's feathers since Lorp seems to be asleep. “I just... when does it end, you know? Shouldn't I be happy? I mean, I am. It's not that I'm not. We kicked Chuck to the curb, Amara, his sister, is doing a fine ass job of being the Heavenly Queen – according to Jack, she's opened it up, whatever that means – and Rowena is keeping the demons on a tight leash. Cas is...”
Cas continued as Billie pounded on the door, but not louder than his pulse. “It's not. And everyone who knows you sees it. Everything you have ever done, the good and the bad, you have done for love. You raised your little brother for love. You fought for this whole world for love. That is who you are. You're the most caring man on Earth. You are the most selfless, loving human being I will ever know.”
He looks at the solid piece of wood and grabs his work gloves. “I'll go first. We can place it outside, it's wrapped and all so it should be good.”
A while into the movie, Dean glances at Sam. He's sporting bitchface number fifteen – an entertaining mix between disgust and cluelessness. “Man, that tongue. It's like they have little Medusa mouth worms. Gross. Right, Sammy?”
Dean yawns. All the talk about sleep and how much they've done makes him aware of his body. Sore shoulders and his back and bad knee feels stiff. He pushes down the impulse to ignore it all, to shove it down. He reminds himself that there is nothing to hunt right now, there's no Apocalypse to avert, no disaster to contain.
Castiel's eyes are blue as the sky, but there's no use in whispering prayers. The steel in them tells Dean that his prayers won't be answered.
Castiel grabs his helmet and Dean panics. “No, no, I can't breathe without that you fucker.” He takes a huge breath just as Castiel pulls the helmet off.
Dean thinks back on his nightly escape from the dreams and thoughts he didn't want to dwell on. He's not much for thinking about them right now either. Maybe not ever. He grunts. “We've had a chat.” He gets up from the chair. “I don't know about you, but eating something other than sandwiches was just what I needed. Ready to head back home?”
The woods have gone quiet when Dean zips open the sleeping bag and splays it over himself like a cover. “Just one more day and then we'll have the sweet, sweet embrace of memory foam.”
“Hey, eyes on me, beautiful.” Dean turned his head at the command and felt Cas' fingers slowly circle his entrance and everything narrowed down to those sensations.
And just like that, Dean calms. Cas' unwavering faith in him has always been inexplicable but Dean gets it now.
Cas' smile turned bigger and it did things to do Dean. A warm, comfortable feeling settled inside him. Fuck, he was so gone.”
Time to grab the bull by the horns. “Cas. I'm sorry, alright. Sorry for avoiding you... I should've said something.”
And when Cas leaves for the market together with Sam, Dean can't help but check out the weird ball he finds in the library.
Sam's eyebrows try to climb up his hairline when he notices Eileen's pants. “What the hell, Dean? Are that moose with... with my face on it?”
Dean wants to say something but Cas goes on. “I thought and hoped I'd walk that path with you as a friend – I'd have been content with that – but I know now, that the one thing I wanted was something I
Cas gasps in shock but doesn't pull away so Dean deepens the kiss. He pulls at the back of Cas' hair and the taste of the angel is beyond his dreams. Cas is sunshine on his face, wild summer storms, and the deep, vast ocean or maybe that's Cas' love Dean feels: enormous, threatening, and all-consuming.
Cas dug his hand into the soil and sighed. He couldn't really use his grace; the magical warding acted like a buffer and he couldn't move due to the whispered words of Jared, one of the witches. The garden looked nice though, Cas thought. He spotted tomato plants, the huge leaves of zucchinis in one spot, the bushy leaves of tomatoes in another. In the left corner, he saw a small herb patch with parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme.
The words echo in the empty church. Dean pleads with his eyes. He can't believe that Castiel wants him to say it out loud. The grip around his throat tightens momentarily in warning. “Because I have thoughts... about you.”
Castiel pushes his finger all the way inside until the hard knuckles of his hand dig into Dean's sensitive flesh. “Your transgressions are many, Dean, and don't think I don't appreciate your newfound zeal but–“
Dean hisses and closes his eyes but a surge of lust goes through him, it's like sparkles of electricity throughout his body and it makes him feel gloriously alive. “Should you really be fucking your son,
Dean ambled into the library and there he was, the apple in his eye. The apple of his eye. The apple pie! He honed in on those blue eyes and the amazing hair. “Cas, you're my apple pie.”
Dean looks at Cas from the corner of his eye. He clears his throat and relaxes his hands on the steering wheel. “I think they're fine.” He lets the silence fill the space for a few more seconds before adding. “Do you miss it?”
Jack opened his mouth as if he had a lot of questions on his mind, but all he ended up saying was “I see.”
Thunder cracked across the sky again, and it made Dean jump but Cas was there reassuring him, his hand never leaving his cheek. Dean leaned into Cas' touch and Cas smiled.
Dean walked up to Cas and hiked a finger through his belt loop. He pulled Cas towards him until their bodies were flush. “With this.” Grabbing Cas' chin, Dean slowly leaned in for a kiss. He coaxed Cas' mouth open and his heart sang when their lips met. Cas still tasted of heavy rain and storms, lightning and dark oceans and Dean could kiss him until he drowned. Cas grabbed him by the neck as if he wanted to meld them together.
“The witches are in the house,” Castiel informed him. “Oh, kick down the garden posts. They have angel warding on them.”
“Fine. And they're eager to come visit on Saturday. As they should be.” Lorp and Henley have followed Dean to the garden and he notices Henley looking suspiciously at the upturned soil.
Fucking hell. Dean swallows once, trying to calm himself. Cas' fingers in his hair are like a damn vice and his knees are fused to the bench. He can't even move if he wanted to. “Yes... Father.”
“I know, I know. But I have to, for you to take my cock. Have you had a cock in your ass before, Dean?” Castiel says it casually as he grabs a hold of Dean's cock and strokes it.
Dean pounds at the lid to no avail, so instead he bends his knees as far as the coffin allows and kicks hard.
“Are you alright?” Castiel asks concerned but Dean doesn't fail to hear the mirth underlying his question.
Cas' smile grows wider. “And miss out on this banter?” He walks up to Dean. “We can buy a chicken coop or build our own.”
The second time it happens, Dean and Cas are in their bed. Well, Dean is in their bed, on his knees while Cas stands up next to the bed with his fingers firmly planted in Dean's hair. He pulls hard enough that Dean grimaces, and the pain blooms in his body, making his cock twitch. Dean is careful not to grimace; he doesn't wanna think about what will happen if Cas feels his teeth. Yet a part of him wants to experience that too.
Ion grins and pulls away briefly, “You're on cocky motherfucker,” before going back to ravaging Dean's mouth.
His kisses are electrifying and Dean can't stop touching him. He's different than Cas, sure he claims Dean in every way Dean wants to be claimed, but there's also a sense of gentleness to him, Dean thinks.
Still kissing minutes later, Dean painted swirling circles against his angel's beautifully chiseled abdominal muscles, reveling even in the privilege of bringing Cas down from his sexually driven adrenaline high.
“Anyway,” Eileen continues, “the ivy was practically floating in the pot and the leftover water had dripped down the wall onto the floor. It never recovered.”
Castiel reaches out and touches Dean's cheek. “That's your problem, Dean. You don't think that about your immortal soul. You don't think that you deserve to be saved?”
The tentacle around his throat tightens and it's too damn much. With his eyes closed and body rigid, he comes hard.
“What? What happened when you played Pictionary?” Jack's question hang in the air. “I can't remember you guys playing Pictionary?” He grabbed a small bowl with chips and handed it over to Dean.
“Dean. Are you drunk?” Sam sounded serious, irritated and several other things that Dean couldn't analyze right now.
“Oh, I'm very sure. Thanks.” He gives him the info for the truck and takes a walk around Baby. Just to make sure. Sitting down, he grabs the steering wheel and exhales. “Don't worry, I'm never leaving you again.”
Cas twists his hand just right and Dean feels himself go rigid. He can believe the world is holy in these moments, just before his orgasm slams through him, where the world is silent and nothing exists except the roaring pulse of his blood and Cas' fist around his cock. He moves his own hand over Cas' cockhead, squeezing and stroking until it pushes him over the edge. They ride out their release together.
He shakes his head. “Fucking great, I've been bamboozled by a bunch of Victorian preteens”. He twirls the snuff box in his hand and looks around in the kitchen. He has to have some use of it. His gaze lands on the top drawer.
Dean laughed. “That's one way of putting it.” He lay down in his bed and sighed. It was tiresome being drunk. “Cas...”
“Yes, Father.” Even after everything, it gives Dean a thrill to say those words. He gets down on his knees. The altar and prie-dieu are behind him but Dean's offering has been to something made of flesh and bone instead of stone.
Cas crosses his arms which is totally unfair since Dean can't help but look at how his biceps flex. “That's not fair, what you're doing right, now.” Dean licks his lips. Sometimes it's still mind blowing that Cas has been hiding
He opens the run and the chickens cackle excitedly. Henley walks up to him, one chicken foot in front of the other. It's dignified, if you can call a chicken walk that, but Lorp practically crashes into Dean's legs. She shakes her head and starts nipping at his pants. “I don't know what's wrong with you Lorp, but that ain't food.” He takes a step back, giving Lorp better access to the pellets and gives them fresh water.
He glared at a carrot. From what he could tell, his grace had done nothing but on the other hand, he'd only been...
The thing Cas says in French is: “Because you are beautiful, Dean. How could I not think about you when tasked to draw something beautiful? Besides... I think I'm in love with you..”
The stone against his chest should still be cold but Dean is warm now; the heat spreads with each beat of his heart. It's not fear, Dean tells himself. He pulls at the rosaries, ignoring the ache in his shoulders. Nothing happens.
Good luck having a magically graced-up garden when all the vegetables are gone, Castiel thought with satisfaction as he munched on a carrot.
Cas shakes his head and tosses the water bottle at him. “Didn't mean that kind of thirst,” Dean says but still drinks. Finished with the dig, Dean gives himself a break from the heat as Cas looks at his seeds and decides what to plant first.
When nobody spoke, Kadriel broke the ice. “Castiel has been down on Earth for quite some time. Human mannerism and thoughts may influence him but he is dedicated to our case. Dean Winchester is but a tool we'll use to bring grandeur to Heaven again. Dean is but a man.”
Jack carries a plate with a cupcake. A single candle burns in the middle of the green, fluffy glaze. “Blow it out.”
Dean is about to say something nice, like that he's really fucking glad that Cas feels the same way when Cas opens his mouth.
Dean nodded. “Maybe not what I'd pick as light Sunday entertainment but sure.” He eased down into the bed and gave Cas a glass of juice and coffee.
“Fuck you,” Dean spits. He pulls at his bindings but Castiel's tentacles only wrap tighter around his wrists.
Dean's body goes rigid for a split second before Castiel's words find their mark. His whole body tenses up and it must be good because Castiel mutters a 'fuck' but Dean is too overwhelmed to pay him any heed. He arches his back and revels in how Castiel pushes back.
It's a breathtaking view and Dean feels a strange sense of gratitude envelop him. He doesn't see another living soul. The soft neighing of Horizon tells him Cas is by his side.
“You're so good for me.” He strokes Dean's cheek and bends down to whisper in Dean's ear. “I can't wait to make you cry.”
He kissed Cas' arm, leaving small trails of wetness,  following a path up to Cas' mouth. Each offering on Cas' skin tasted of salt and sweat, but it was a salt of the sea. Not the salt that forms on the skin, born from labor and exertion but the salt that lingered after a dip in the waters, the salt that burned in abrasions of the skin and made you flinch.
“Glad to be here, Mr – Eh, Chuck.” He still had trouble with addressing everyone on a first-name basis but he was getting better.
Castiel with his cold blue eyes seemed to blur around the edges and dark spots danced in Dean's field of vision. The world seemed to turn dull and muted and even the pain of Castiel thrusting inside him diminished.
"It feels awful, like somethings crawling on them!" Cas was flinging his wings about like Dean had seen birds do when taking a bath only they were knocking shit off the shelves and night stands with crashes and booms. He shuddered at the sound of electronic devices hitting the floor and heavy things like Purgatory pig sticks crashing down on top of them.
The starship was in proximity but ever since they landed on this godforsaken planet, their equipment had been misfiring and shutting down randomly. He looks at Castiel with his thousands of tentacles and blue light flashing on a body that's corporeal yet not, shimmering in and out of existence but who at the moment feels very real.
“Vrrmmkshh!” Dean slapped Cas cock one last time, and then pulled off the condom. “You were no match for the Dark side, young padawan.”
Lorp clucks once and presses her body against Dean's as she rests in his lap. “Mm, you don't know this, but I've saved the world multiple times, Lorp. There's crazy things out there. A talking teddy, scarecrows, pishtacos! It's not a fish taco by the way, so don't think you can go nibble on them. They'll suck you dry until you're nothing but a flapping skin.”
“There's mostly sun at this spot throughout the day, so I think this will work well.” Cas nods to himself and walks over to a tall flower that rises over the others as if it doesn't bear to be that far away from the sun.
that is hard besides going back to sleep.” The last word comes out as a breathy moan when Cas grabs his hardening cock. Dean bucks his hips up, encouraging him.
“I wouldn't do that to you. I grabbed a Van Halen.” Cas laughs at Dean's expression as he turns it over to check. “We can always wash it, don't worry. I packed one or two of my old shirts, too. We can use one of those if you want.”
