him, offered up control to Tony like it was nothing. It would take a stronger man than Tony to resist that kind of temptation.
Tony clenched his hands into fists to hide the way they were probably shaking. “Stark Industries' advances in green energy have saved –“
Steve nodded, his eyes closed and mouth slightly parted, and Tony felt his chest light up with affection at the sight. Damn it, but Steve was beautiful. And he was all his.
“Good boy.” Toni stroked her hands through his hair before she grabbed hold and pulled him forward, getting his mouth back on her pussy. “You won't come before I come, got it?”
“I have an idea.” Tony looked up when Steve grabbed one of his hands in both of his, his thumbs rubbing circles into Tony's skin. “Let's start with the things we both agree on.”
It was a great pity that he did not love her the way he had loved Margrit, but Charlotte did not believe that anything worth getting was easily come by. She was not some young girl to be so easily deterred as by a man's reluctance. It was a universal truth after all, that men were far slower at these things. Her mistake had been in giving him space in which to forget her. Out of sight out of mind they said, and for good reason. She would just need to make herself indispensable to him from this moment forward. How difficult could it be? Antony Stark had managed it in mere months.
under control. He wouldn’t make it through a meeting with the Führer in this state. He couldn’t-the war minister would- he had to! He had to but, he didn’t know where he was going to find the strength. It was everything he could do not to clutch his skull and scream himself hoarse. He couldn’t keep up the mask. Couldn’t breathe. Steve shuddered and swayed as his thoughts careened out of control.
, as he could. And even if by some miracle Tony didn’t make a break for the hills, what sort of life would he be forced to live? Raising Steve’s children by a woman he spited whenever he fell into her husband’s bed.
Even with Tony’s eidetic memory and Bruce’s careful notes, creating the binding solution took time. Tony was not known for going slow, but this time was different – this time he was methodical, double checking and double checking every improvement he made on the formula Bruce had devised over a decade earlier, keeping a close eye on Péter and triple checking his work. There was no time to test it out before administering it on Stefen, and they’d need to administer a dose every three hours the first day, and then taper off to six until Stefen started showing signs of improvement.
It was maddening in a way that Steve didn’t think he’d ever recover from. He’d never be able to look at Tony again and not picture the way his skin darkened from the grip of Steve’s fingers and the bruising of his mouth. Steve would never get his taste out of his memory he thought, licking over the dark mark his mouth had left on Tony’s neck, tasting the sweat on his skin.
“I’ve told you a million times! Just because you can’t see somebody doesn’t mean they aren’t there!” Natacha’s voice floated up from the stairs causing Ian to jump and Péter snickered.
But Stefen’s expression wasn’t darkening with disgust or clouding with confusion, or anything else that might have made sense, he was just staring at Tony with that infuriating smirk on his face looking too gorgeous for words.
Of course it did.” And Steve knew on some level that he shouldn’t be hearing Tony’s voice. Not when Tony was down there and Steve was up here, but he heard it as clearly as if Tony had been standing behind him. Steve could even smell the faint scent of Antonia’s soap in his hair.
“Well Herr Wiess is going to return someday and the captain has promised him a big celebration party, because that will be a fine day. Won’t it?”
“Keep an eye on James, make sure he doesn’t try and wander off,” he warned as she handed him his weapon. He instructed Ian to keep a close eye on the perimeter and to watch for any signs of strangers approaching the cabin. Tony and Péter would do what they could to draw any suspicious eyes away from the area, but the lookout was the last line of defense for those left behind should anyone slip past them.
They hadn’t spoken since Tony had sent that scathing letter, blaming him for once again abandoning the children when they needed him most. Met with Stefen’s silence in reply, he regretted parts of it now, or at least, regretted perhaps not moderating his tone so that the words did not read so harshly. He’d expected the Captain’s reply to be clipped and harsh in its own way when it finally arrived; but what he held in his hands was the exact opposite of either.
“I want you.” Toni's mouth snapped shut, and Steve's grip on her tightened, his eyes boring into hers. “No one else makes me feel the way you do. I don't care about anything else.”
“Alright,” Tony said, beckoning him over before Steve could start down that rabbit hole. “Hold this for me.” He handed Steve the tube, positioning it at the very edge of the table before he took the not-glass sheets and inserted them horizontally into both vices. He tucked the tube between them so that only the very tip of it was poking out from between the sheets before he cranked the vices just enough to hold it in place. “Nice. Let's do this.”
Steve's mouth on his cut him off and Tony's protests vanished into thin air when he felt Steve's hand venture up the back of his shirt, tugging just enough to get at the skin underneath.
"Steve," Tony croaked, and Steve cursed, looking up at Tony with a desperate look in his eyes. He was so goddamn beautiful, his mouth swollen and chin wet, and Tony sat up as well as he could, reaching down to slide his hands through his hair. "C'mere, I wanna..."
Tony looked over at the giant mahogany table across the room where five vampires in bespoke suits were chatting with each other. One of them was even wearing a cloak. Typical. “I think we got it, thanks.”
Steve cursed, shoving a hand between their bodies and ripping, so hard that Tony gasped as the denim tore away from his legs. “Sorry, sorry, are you –“
Tony turned his head just enough to fit their mouths together for another proper kiss, feeling a little lazy now that they'd calmed down somewhat, his limbs relaxed and loose in the way they only got when he was spending time with Steve. He kept it slow and simple, only darting his tongue out for a quick taste before he let their lips slide together without any hurry, stroking a hand down the side of Steve's face. He felt the edges of his lips pull up in a smile when Steve's hand covered his, guiding it down to their sides as he interlocked their fingers.
He had to take a moment to just stare at it because – well. Aesthetically it was beautiful. The proportions looked almost eerily realistic. Its brown hair was matched by an equally dark goatee that made Steve wonder just how much Clint and Bucky had paid extra for it. The doll’s eyes were open, chocolate brown, and Steve hated them simply for the fact that he knew Bucky had chosen that hair and eye color combination because he knew Steve had a type. He didn’t want it to work on him.
Hey guys! Great news! I might actually be able to finish this fic in June if all goes well, so yay! Daily updates are back :D I hope you enjoy this one and I'll see you tomorrow!
me?" Tony stomped over to put both of his hands on Steve's chin, rubbing his fingers through - through - "Since when do you grow a
“Mr Stark, there have been all sorts of rumors about Mr Barnes' past as the Winter Soldier. Would you agree that hiding him away at Avengers Compound held the risk of endangering the public in case of his escape?”
Steve jerked in his arms when Tony scraped him with his teeth, his hips dragging against Tony's, and Tony suddenly realized that he could feel Steve's rock hard cock through his pants, rubbing up against him with sharp movements. Tony pulled back just enough to look at him, and –
Tony grimaced. “Yeah, you're gonna be on probation for a couple of years, I'm afraid.” Steve nodded in acceptance and Tony pulled him closer, hiding his smirk against Steve's cheek. “But you can stay at the Compound. Get ready to be my kept husband.”
“Yes, yes. Well, it seems clear to me what the problem is, Mr. Stark.” Dr. Yinsen crossed his t's with a flick of his wrist, ripping the page out of his notebook and folding it in half with a smile at Tony. “Would you like me to give you the diagnosis first or would you prefer to have your guardian alpha in the room with you?”
“Right.” Steve watched as Tony's face split into a grin, and couldn't stop himself from returning it in equal measure. “That's... good to know.”
She spit into her palm before she grabbed his cock, just holding it around the base for now as she used the grip on his hair to tilt his head back and fit her mouth against his throat. It strained her neck a little since Steve was so much taller than her, but the result was worth it.
, he thought with a sudden start. Because they weren’t anymore, and these garments were not a disguise. They were really all he had to keep warm.
“I’ll lift you up first, then you can help the children through.” Steve said, turning to hoist him up. Tony was heavy but smaller than a few he’d had to carry over the years, and nothing compared to dead weight. Steve watched him scramble through the small opening, hissing as he inevitably cut himself on broken glass, until he disappeared from view into the black night. Steve could only hope there wasn’t anyone out there, that whoever had come back to the area and fired that gun was long gone. He could only breathe again when Tony's pale face reappeared in the broken window.
"The boat?" he grunted, keeping his voice low as he tilted his head down. Scott dug in the tin for the beaten little matchbook as if he'd asked for a light.
He shook his head to clear the vision, swearing savagely at the resulting pain and fell against the kitchen door which had been left slightly ajar. His gut churned with worry as he caught his footing, just nearly avoiding falling flat on his face. He rubbed viciously at his eyes until he saw stars, nearly missing the sight that greeted him as he stumbled his way inside the kitchen. Early winter morning’s pale shine filtered in through the kitchen window highlighting where Ian, James, and Stefen with little Sara in his lap, sat crowded around one side of the table munching their breakfast. They all greeted him happily, looking like the cover of a home magazine and Bucky stopped, blinking the spots from his eyes with a dumbstruck expression.
“The girls don’t like thunder and Frau Hogan has retired for the night,” Natacha offered by way of explanation as the blond cherub in her arms reached for Tony and he sighed.
In some ways Tony thought it was fitting that a farewell ball in honor of a prince was fitting for their last night in Vienna. Their stay there still felt too much like a fairytale for Tony to really believe.
"They're good at what they do, I'm told." He answered as he took a hold of her hand, squeezing it gently. "Charlotte, I need to speak to you."
“Stefen,” Bucky murmured his name just the way he always did, drawing something warm up into Steve's chest where his heart had begun to pound.
Tony blocked their voices out. His heart was beating so wildly in his chest, it was difficult to breathe, each forward step more difficult than the last and dark spots appeared in front of his eyes.
For the fourth night in a row sleep had been an exercise in futility. He’d attempted it for a half hour, staring at the ceiling, ticking through complex conjunctions in his head until finally giving it up as a bad job and making his way to the garage in his nightclothes. Getting in was as simple as picking the lock (Tony could have engineered a better one in his sleep, he really needed to talk to Pepper about their security) and only once he’d closed the door behind him did he feel the tension wound so tightly between his shoulders begin to ease.
“Hammer, if you hadn’t noticed-” Tony began loudly but a door burst open down in the hall below, startling him enough that he almost sent a heavy text toppling to the floor.
There would be no need to dress the sketch up for his daughter’s active imagination. His royal highness and his wife the duchess were already something out of a picture book as it was.
I wish I could tell you Tony and Steve have smoother waters ahead but that would be a lie. I'll be frank my dears, they are about to go THROUGH it and stretch the limits of their relationship. All the issues that they've ignored (either out of necessity or ignorance) are gonna come home to roost. Lesser couples would crash and burn, but this is Stony and they eat 'It's The End of the World' for breakfast. And then spend their retirement singing about it. ;)
In the space of a minutes he’d eliminated all his options. He was a realist, and realistically there was no going back from this.
He worried of course about how the children and Stefen would handle things, but he was more worried for the family that chose to stay behind. Antonia was wrong about Italy being able to hang on to its Jews. Sooner or later that axe would fall. Tony warned her again, but like every time before she just scoffed.
He couldn’t have this, not forever. But he had the night and he was just selfish enough to take whatever it would give him.
“Soldiers are the first on the line and it's not just you this time” Sam hollered over the noise of the slowly moving train and Steve felt suspended, light headed in an unfamiliar way.
“Father?!” Péter exclaimed rushing forward, and Tony was grateful Bucky caught him before he could throw himself against the captain.
“Whoever is at the top decides. And if they decide to cart your body around naked, then that’s what they’re going to do! An order is an order. If we let them go on we’ll all be babysitting camps before you blink. That’s a promise.”
Ian shook his head and didn't offer up anything more; but his eyes betrayed him flickering to one of the other beds before he swallowed.
Mindful of the little time they had, Tony laid a hand on her thin shoulder and pressed the other to her cheek, leaning close as he quietly implored, “It’s the right thing. You know it is.”
Natacha pulled away from the window, having heard all that she wanted to. A shiver went through her that had nothing to do with the cold. It wasn't that she'd never heard any of the staff dare speak about her father that way either, though she hadn't. Hateful or not, Hammer hadn't said anything that wasn't true. They would send someone eventually. This week or the next, and when they did, there was only one thing that would save her family.
“Oh you do?” Stefen snorted, crossing his arms as he lazily sauntered into the room. “And here I thought it was your life ambition to drive me out of my mind.”
Tony had found that rough edged side of Stefen appealing from the first, but now that he knew how tightly Stefen clung to the protection of an officer’s polish and the trust he bestowed each time he let his guard down, it was doubly so.
“It’s rather stupid to blame children for not understanding what they haven’t been given an opportunity to understand. You know how I hate stupidity… but I find myself in the rare position of having to apologize for it. So enjoy this while it lasts. I suppose this means I have to reevaluate my level of intelligence as it may have dropped by a small percentage. That still leaves me miles ahead of everyone else but I hate miscalculations.”
"We thought your meeting with the cardinal was urgent?" the Chief Doctor scoffed, looking none too happy with Bruce’s interference. "Were we supposed to leave him to bleed on the floor until you returned?"
Medals and riches and lots more besides, Tony thought. And if they failed, the Führer’s temper would see them as good as dead. Obadiah had to know that too. Tony understood exactly what was at stake here.
“Yes well, don’t sing for them. Sing for the ones you love. Austria, your children, that maniac you call a brother.” Tony did not add himself to the short list, but Steve’s eyes dipped to Tony’s mouth, and then down the column of his throat and settled on the place where they both knew the necklace rested and Tony swallowed.
He had to be imagining it, his frantic mind insisted even as he pushed through the pressing crowd and his eyes widely sought the figure of the young man in what he now recognized as a very dirtied Hitler Youth uniform, who was turning to look at him with wary brown eyes that widened with disbelief and went glassy with shocked recognition.
No ocean. No grey mountains covered in snow. No ship beneath his feet. Just gray walls and unending pain. He tried to turn his head and choked on the spit in his mouth, too weak even to swallow. His legs were covered with a sheet, heavy as led against his skin.
When Niklas finally settled on how to answer he plucked a crisp envelope off of his desk and stood, extending it toward Tony. Tony stared at it suspiciously.
Steve shook his head, gritting his teeth at the jab, “Listen to me, I've got something important I need to tell you about!” He had to stop himself from barking it like a command.
But Niklas wasn’t impressed by his dismissive tone and didn’t let him get far out of his seat before he went on the attack.
“What are you doing here?” She asked, as soon as she’d closed the car door behind herself. But Bucky did not reply, his eyes fixed somewhere out her window. Natacha looked and saw that he was watching Emil and the group she’d left behind.
Your little friend seems very jealous," he whispered conspiratorially in her ear. Natacha grinned secretively at him as she spun in a circle, her skirts fanning out around her like the feathers of an exotic bird.
Steve decided that whatever his reasons were, they didn’t matter and the important thing was getting Tony warm and keeping him from becoming ill.
"I know. They don't want them around anymore so they made them find a home somewhere else. It's ter-"
It looked like a regular medical ward To Tony at first glance, but a second glance revealed the curious details that hinted at the truth. There were no nurses with soft gentle voices, no doctors rushing to the sides of those who groaned cries for help, and far too many catatonic eyes staring into nothing, as if they had already given up life and were only waiting for their bodies to notice.
The house was quiet and dark, but Steve knew how deceptive the quiet could be. Quiet nights could erupt with the sound of exploding shells, come alive with flashes of fire, and have your ears ringing with the booming of canons in seconds. A quiet evening could become swallowed by the roar of a mob before a man could blink.
As Tony continued to vomit words he had the uncomfortable feeling the captain was taking him apart and inspecting his insides with his eyes. It left him feeling far too exposed. Tony had had enough of that for one day.
He snorted loudly in irritation and unfolded the newspaper he'd bought outside the headquarters, scanning the headlines for any more news about the rebel strikes in Czechoslovakia. It was pathetic really how quickly they'd handed over their land, like frightened children. But apparently there were a few men still left in what passed for civilization over there. Brave stupid men, who defied the rightful rule of the Germans and attacked their camps and administrative offices like rats scurrying out of holes at night.  Dvorak shook his head, scoffing under his breath. If the Czech rats thought the German army was going to take that lying down they had another thing coming. The wolf was awake and prowling.
"Wicked man." The apple cheeked woman on the stool to his left sniffed into her afternoon coffee with disdain. "I've always said so. I never forgot how sympathetic he was to the socialists. He was too lenient on the Schutzbund and we were fools to ignore it."
"Might was necessary!" Neuman slammed his hand down on the desk making Tony jump. "Might Herr Stark. The might to overpower the blockade of enemy ships who prevented us from receiving new supplies and food for our people. The might to press upon their shores and make them know fear and hunger the way we knew it."
“I’m sorry I-” The end of Tony’s apology was cut off as Bucky caught sight of Péter just behind him in the hall. The bucket Bucky carried dropped to the ground with a jarring clang and began to roll away, discarding bloody towels along the way. Bucky paid them no attention as he shoved past Tony to grab Péter by both cheeks with a sharp exclamation of disbelief.
“They’re decorations for the party.” The boy answered, quickly snatching the banner away from Tony’s hands.
Steve grit his teeth. He knew what Bucky wanted but he wouldn’t give up Tony. Not for anything. Just the thought had his fingers twitching with adrenaline. They could try to take him, all of them, and he would tear them apart.
“We’ve got to try.” Cameron sounded almost apologetic as he broke the silence. “Wouldn’t you if it was your family?”
The motorcade was running late, and the men were twitchy. Rogue kept shifting where she sat beside him, her leg jiggling nervously as the minutes ticked by.
So this chapter is so long we split it into two parts, which means that you'll be getting another chapter sooner rather than like in two months from now. Thank you again for sticking with us and our hectic schedules. Your wonderful comments and insights give us life! *Once again a warning for period typical responses to PTSD and other psychological disorders.*
Father looked up at him, the thin line of his mouth turning up slightly into a wane smile at the sound of Ian’s voice. The smile didn’t reach his eyes but at the same time there was something like relief in them – a sight that only made Ian’s stomach feel like he was in the middle of falling. Why was he relieved to see them? What did he think was going to happen to them while he was gone?
There were steps in the hall and the room went quiet, it’s occupants tensing. Steve reached slowly for the weapon resting on the table. A moment later there was a knock on the door. Four, two, and three rapid taps in the prearranged code but Steve kept his weapon at the ready while Zimmerman got up to answer the door.
“With us are my brother Loki, and members of our parliament Volstag, Hogun, and Fandral.” Thorson waved to the four men behind them. The one he’d indicated as his brother was the only one not to smile as he greeted them. He and Thorson were as different as it was possible for two people to be. Prince Loki was nearly as tall as his brother but as slender as Thorson was broad, and so pale as to almost be sallow.  And where Thorson exuded warmth and good cheer, Loki’s expression was so aloof it bordered on disdainful.
He was distracted from the feeling when Maria skipped back to present them both with bracelets she’d weaved together out of edelweiss. His throat clenched tight at the site of the little white flowers but he let her slip it on his wrist anyway and tried not to blush when Tony beamed at him. The world didn’t end and the memories thankfully stayed at bay as they walked in the summer air. They were from his daughter and there was something precious about that in itself- but he couldn’t seem to keep his eyes from flicking back to where their match sat on Tony’s wrist and thinking he liked the way the petals looked against his olive skin.
Deciding enough was enough Tony rose from his seat with a sleeping Sara in his arms. She snuffled against his neck at the movement and he made soothing sounds at her, rocking slightly as he walked over to Bucky.
Stefen let the others pass him, taking rear guard. His eyes flicked away from scanning the grounds briefly when the sound of a shudder breath drew his attention to James, who had managed to make it over the doorstep where he’d frozen, staring into the house as if he didn’t recognize it.  Big tears were rolling down his rounded cheeks and not the theatrical sort they’d all become used to. His shoulders began to shake when Steve laid a hand against his back. He turned and buried his face against Steve's jacket, shaking like a leaf, but managed to keep moving as Steve guided him the rest of the way inside.  He struggled to be gentle with James and hoped he managed it; but Stefen couldn’t breathe an easy breath until they were all inside and Harold closed the door firmly behind them and bolted it. Even then, he could not let his guard down. That door wouldn’t hold back a mob.
Over on the sofa Bucky twitched, a violent motion that contrasted with the peaceful expression on his face, as if he could sense Steve worrying. Steve didn’t doubt he had a radar for that sort of thing. The blanket he’d tossed over himself slipped further off his chest and his body shivered.
They had to know, Chamberlin, Mussolini and Daladier, what they’d done. They’d sold Czechoslovakia in the hopes that the beast would be satiated, and so they would turn a blind eye as Germany devoured her.
“So what have I missed?” Tony whispered under his breath and Julia smiled, the tension in her shoulders relaxing as she whispered back, “Countess Schrader is trying to get her daughter to call off her engagement to Major Rogers.”
“That’s where you’re wrong.” Tony replied, leaning forward in his chair. “You have what, perhaps a year before war breaks out? You’re outnumbered. You aren’t going to triple in size before then and you know it. Which means you need ships that are stronger, faster, and hit harder than anything they’ve got. You need more than an engineer. You need genius.” Tony tapped the side of his temple for emphasis and the agent’s mouth tightened in a frown, but he kept listening.
Tony had learned to expect rebuke from Abbot Farkas, but all he saw in Bruce's eyes was worried concern and a deeply buried fear that Tony could commiserate all too well with.
"My tutor and I built a radio. It could be useful, that is... I'd like to be useful, if the offer is still open."
"It's a little early for dinner Artur," Tony finally answered the boy with a sigh, scratching his unkempt chin. His beard had grown back in, but Tony couldn’t muster the energy to try and keep it in his usual style. Artur’s face clouded with frustration and Tony’s heart sank, tempted just to give in and feed him, but he knew if he let the children eat before the sunset that they'd just be hungry again before they went to bed. They had a good (if bland) food supply but with eight of them to feed it wouldn’t last longer than a few months. He and the children had to survive up here for an indefinite amount of time and they had to do it alone.
Only, she couldn’t. Could she? There would be no more new babies and no more happy music because she- Tony would play music. Yes. Tony would play music. Da would tell them stories.
But Artur clung tightly to him, unwilling to be moved, and Steve forced himself to put one foot after the other as they made their way to the music room.
“Father Farkas was rather unexpectedly forthcoming with the information. I got the impression he’s fond of you.”
“What do you want?” a man barked in German. Péter could only assume he was her father on account of how close he stepped up to the woman and the girl. Péter felt his cheeks flush, feeling suddenly very stupid for having come over at all, but he extended his hand with the toy anyway.
“Is that what we’re all doing?” Tony asked, just barely keeping the derision out of his tone. Charlotte had not shown it yet, but she had to be smarting from that altercation over the flag. He understood why Stefen had lost his temper and had tried to warn the woman before it ever came to that, but she hadn’t listened. He found it difficult to be sorry for her, and if she was implying that Stefen was some kind of brute who made a regular habit of flying off the handle however and whenever he pleased, he wasn’t going to stand for it.
“Steve,” he said quickly, feeling his face heat when he realized that he'd completely forgotten to introduce himself earlier. “My name is Steve.”
I do not make this assumption lightly. The psychologists I consulted assured me that based on their behavioral patterns Mr. Stark is more likely to agree to our terms.
“Hey, hey, shh...” Tony slid his hands up into Steve's hair, and Steve pushed into his touch with a desolate whine that tugged at Tony's heartstrings. “We'll figure this out, okay? I bet it's just... hormones or something. We can fix this.”
Steve could taste blood from where he was biting down on the inside of his cheek to stop any noise from getting out, his breathing so shallow that he was scared someone would hear him anyway, and the thought of that – oh fuck, the thought of that –
“Yeah,” Tony breathed, and Steve pressed one more kiss to his back before he laid down next to Tony and pulled him into his chest, dragging a blanket up over them.
“Hey,” the guy said, something distinctly nervous in his voice as he straightened his shoulders and held out a hand to shake. Probably trying to make himself look bigger. “You must be David. I'm Steve.”
Tony breathed through the adrenaline still coursing through his veins as he laid down on top of Steve, cupping his face in both hands before he kissed him, as gently as he could. “It's okay,” he said quietly. “We're okay.”
“You're doing this on purpose, aren't you?” Steve mumbled in her ear as he led her across the dance floor, held securely in his arms. Or, more accurately, he let
“Getting there,” Steve said breathlessly, looking at Tony with something like awe and a lot more like adoration. “Tony –“
From this close Tony picked up the doctor's scent again, something earthy and unobtrusive that made his mouth water. He quickly stepped away, hoping that the sudden heat in his cheeks wasn't visible, and the doctor gave him one last glance – Tony really hoped he wasn't imagining that his eyes darted down his body before he looked away – and opened the door.
the one who – I didn’t even –“ To his embarrassment Tony felt his breathing start to hitch, his throat closing up as his emotions got the better of him. “Whatever. I don’t need this right now.”
“Suit yourself.” The vampire cast one more look at Steve before he turned and left them to it. Tony grabbed Steve's arm – as a warning or just to keep him close, he didn't know – and led them up to the desk. As they walked over Tony could hear hushed whispers all around the room, and he swore that they weren't directed at him. In fact it seemed like most vampires were staring and some outright pointing at Steve. Which was weird. Especially since bringing a human was a requirement for him to be here in the first place.
“Steve.” He looked over at Bucky who was giving him a somber look. “It was just a joke, okay? If we made you feel bad –“
Your efforts in this undertaking have been and continue to be much appreciated. Thank you for your cooperation.
"I'm really hard," Steve mumbled into his hands, and Tony's eyes snapped down to confirm that, yes, Steve was pitching a pretty impressive tent. He licked his lips.
“Great,” Steve said, his voice barely more than a croak, and Mr. Stark gave him one more smile before he walked away, a spring in his step. It took Steve a second to tear his eyes away from Mr. Stark’s…
He heard the sounds of Tony moving behind him, of wet fabric shifting away from wet skin, and felt relieved. It was only when they had both sat on the pallet, not quite wide enough for them to sit shoulder to shoulder that Tony spoke.
“How about we make a deal. If I go and get your father’s mandolin, then you’ll pluck up the courage to ask him to play a diddy or two so we can all dance.” He suggested. “Sound fair?”
Steve swallowed and took a short breath. He nodded at the empty space next to him, indicating that Péter should sit down. Péter dropped his bag next to him and sat, eyeing Steve warily.
“No, Beams has gotten the closest I’ve heard of, but you can bet there are plenty of other scientists who are trying.”
"Which means that it should be able to pick up even the weakest signal, miles out." Tony answered, fiddling with the dials and almost on cue, the receivers in Stefen's ears crackled, and then a smooth voice was reading off a weather report. In English.
“You stand to gain a great deal,” Stevens reminded him and Hammer puffed up like a bullfrog. Steven’s curled his lip in distaste, barely resisting a snarl as the man continued to rant.
“It’s near planting season. Good men are in short supply.” The balding man replied somewhat hesitantly at first. “All the young ones are signing up. I’m too old of course.” Saying nothing of being too fat, and scared of his own shadow, he looked Bucky over critically, as if wondering why a man still in his prime wasn’t eager to wear a uniform.
“Yes, Uncle Bucky?” She sounded young even to her own ears. Sweetly innocent. And that was good, because her heart was slamming and she knew she wasn’t. His brow furrowed, but he didn’t speak for a long moment.
No. No god tell him nothing! Steve bit down on his tongue until he tasted blood in his mouth, desperate to let nothing slip out. He didn’t know if this was happening again or only in his head but he couldn’t risk it.
He waited, heart pounding for the next reprimand (how dare he make such wild promises to the children, how dare he speak out of turn, how dare he fill their heads with such senseless hopes) but it never came. Instead the Captain cleared his throat softly and said, so quietly that Tony nearly missed it, “That was… I mean to say, that was rather well done.”
"Brother Stark left on assignment. He hasn't resided here for months -" the monk began to explain until Steve rudely interjected.
Stefen’s grip tightened around the phone. He kept his breathing even despite the cold sweat that broke out on his skin.
“Are you alright?” Tony asked when the coughing had subsided. Péter nodded, mumbling something about having swallowed wrong and busying himself with a glass of water.
“It’s not just you, it’s everyone. Things have changed here Captain.” The admiral sighed, for once looking the age the gray at his temples suggested. “New police is, those who originate from the Reich, territories allied with, or occupied by, are all to be classified as enemy aliens and interned until such a time as they are cleared by a State authorized tribunal.”
A moment later Julia appeared around the corner, her step faltering when she spotted them. Maybe she’d seen and maybe she hadn’t. Maybe it was just the tense atmosphere and guilty expressions plastered all over their faces that gave her pause.
He hurried from the room and down the hallway, keeping his eyes peeled as he walked for anything amiss. They were clever but young and prone to bumping into things and he had only left them a few hours alone. Had they been this quiet yesterday? He couldn’t remember.
Two nights ago Stefen had received a call in his office, a welcome distraction from the argument Tony had insisted upon having (despite every warning to just let the matter rest). Steve had been expecting word from one of his contacts at the immigration office on the possibility of procuring papers for the twins but instead it had been a man from the Abwehr, the office of counterespionage within the German defense department. On paper their purpose was to defend Germany from foreign espionage (among other things) but no one believed for a minute that the intelligence office wasn’t heavily involved in a little espionage of its own, treaty or no treaty.
“You know, you're not what I expected a satyr to be like,” he heard himself say as he turned back around to face Tony, who tilted his head but otherwise didn't move.
Steve nodded, his eyelids fluttering when she pulled his hair again before he closed his eyes and licked a stripe from his finger all the way up to her clit, keeping his tongue broad and flat. She guided him with the hand in his hair as he slid his tongue up and down, dipping in between her folds and circling her clit as he got familiar with the terrain. She could practically see him cataloguing every tiny noise she made, which spots made her back arch and her thighs shake.
Leaked pictures of the facility show cells the size of broom closets without any natural light source, shock collars and glass containment rooms that don't offer any sort of privacy. Plans for “interrogation rooms” have surfaced, including massive speakers we can only assume are intended for nefarious purposes, along with several instruments of a much more sinister kind.
After that there was only the mission. And smashing Doombots with his shield was as good a reason as any to make himself ignore how much he was dreading that conversation. And possibly having to lie to Tony.
“One,” he croaked, and Steve gave a pleased hum only a moment before his palm struck again, this time on Tony's other cheek. It felt just as good as the first one, and Tony already felt the way his breathing picked up speed, his cock slowly filling out against his thigh. He was sure Steve could feel it too, but if he did he didn't call attention to it. “Two.”
“You gonna come?” Steve asked hoarsely, and Tony moaned, loud and unashamed, as he forced his head up to look at him. He looked
But she was done with all of that. And in light of everything it would be a miracle if Steve ever even thought about her like that. Steve probably saw her as some cranky, old hag who was put on the team just to cramp his style. Well, Toni would show him cranky if he ever questioned her integrity again. That shit stung in a way she didn't want to look too closely at.
The audience was dead silent when Bucky took a deep breath before he continued. “I've been training with Mr Stark and the rest of the Avengers for five months now and my therapeutic treatment has been thrice that. Trust me when I tell you that it wasn't easy and that it took me a long time to get to a point where I can confidently say that I have changed. That I'm not going to fall back into those old patterns.”
He sounded like he already knew the answer, but Tony – just to be contrary – crossed his arms and said, “I'd like to have my alpha in here, please.”
Steve couldn't. He could feel the tension building low in his gut, his balls drawing up in preparation as pleasure licked up and down his spine like molten lava. His fingers were digging into the pole now, desperate to hold on and not lose it in front of all these people, oh god, if he came in his pants here there was no way he could hide it –
“So basically blah blah, good deeds and all that, thanks for being here! Enjoy the party! I know I will!” Toni ended her speech with a raised glass and a wink before sauntering off stage, accepting Rhodey's hand on the way down.
Steve obediently rolled onto his back and Tony wasted no time dumping almost half the bottle of lube onto his hand before he reached back and fingered himself open as quickly as he could. Which was very quickly. He’d had some lonely nights recently.
Deep down he knew that he was wasting both of their time by not being honest, by letting Tony think that his hesitation was temporary and that they would have sex eventually. He knew he should just come clean.
She could feel it as she took him to her room, the electricity that crackled between them more and more often these days. Steve hadn't said anything, but she could tell that he was getting a little frustrated with the slow pace that she'd set for them. Honestly Toni was too, but she'd wanted to make sure that Steve knew what he was getting into before they got intimate. Especially since Steve was a virgin.
“Yep.” The waitress came back with another bowl and a glass of their homemade morning tea. Steve thanked her with a smile, digging in right away. He'd had quite a long journey back, but he hadn't realized just how hungry he –
“Everyone suit up!” Steve shouted and they all burst into action. He saw Natasha pull Vision aside as he hurried past, briefly catching Tony's eye across the room. Steve shook his head,
Tony looked at him for a long moment before he cleared his throat. “Well. Why don't you ask me now? See what happens?”
“What?” Bucky glared at him. “Clear my name? You really think it's gonna matter that I didn't kill these people when I have 147 confirmed kills under my belt? And that's just as the Winter Soldier. If they find out I was a sniper in World War Two, then –“
“Okay.” He sounded almost breathless with want, and Toni smiled when she felt him prod around for the opening before he tentatively pushed his finger inside. His breathing hitched. “Shit. You're really warm.”
Tony gasped when Steve squeezed them together, his hips jerking automatically. For a split second he could see Steve slip out of the act, mouth dropping open on a groan, but he bit it back at the last second, schooling his face into something unaffected and unimpressed.
“Is it?” Steve asked with a snort even as he obligingly sat on the bed, swinging his legs up until he sat cross-legged on one of the pillows. “I think you've conquered it fair and square. All you need is a flag.”
Toni's startled laugh was cut off by Steve's lips, and really, this was much better than talking anyway.
Tony downed the drink in one go, relishing the burn it left down his throat. He was about to pour himself another when a hand clamped around his wrist and turned him around.
Tony nodded. “Yeah, good idea.” He let out a heavy breath, looking up at Steve from under his lashes. “That was something though, right? Did you –“
“What's wrong?” Steve asked, and Tony swallowed hard, grabbing the fabric with pointed fingers to pull it away from his body.
“Oh –“ Steve's voice sounded lost for a split second before he make a small noise that was absolutely
He looked at his phone to check the time. If he wasn't mistaken the Captain should show up in about –
Steve grunted as he came, hips jerking against the doll’s skin until he was done, his cock a line of heat pressed against his stomach. He looked down at the mess, the pearly strings dripping down the doll's side and leaving wet spots on the towel he'd put underneath it that very first day, and felt his breath catch in his throat.
Tony jerked so hard he almost upset his bowl of worse-than-junk-food as he frantically sat up and hit the first number on his speed dial.
Steve nodded, a small smile spreading on his lips. “It was,” he said quietly, and Tony was pretty sure they weren't talking about the pizza anymore.
“Is that good?” Tony asked and Steve nodded numbly, trying to force a smile onto his lips even as his worst fear came to life right in front of him.
“I know it's not – I mean, I know you prefer to bash things with your bare hands, but since that won't be possible for a while I just thought –“
So what's next for this series? It'll probably be some time before I come back to this verse, but I still have a lot of stuff planned. Several spin-offs and side-stories and, well, we can't forget about Infinity War and Endgame, can we? ;)
Upon retrieval the aforementioned individuals will stand trial for their criminal actions and be punished accordingly. Should they continue to resist signing the Accords the UN will be forced to retire them from active duty indefinitely.
“What the –“ Tony's eyes widened as he saw the familiar placement of the wet spots, dragging his shirt up until he could see his nipples which were – “Holy shit!”
“Well, if I might as well,” Steve said, and Tony laughed, already pulling all kinds of things out of what looked like a storage closet. Steve didn't recognize all of them, but the big, metal table definitely had two bench vices attached to it and –
“I, um.” He could feel Steve's throat bob against his shoulder as he swallowed, slowly pulling away. “If that's what you –“
, his muscles tightening without any strain. There was a pulse at the base of his spine that quickly spread to his entire body, a thrumming warmth not unlike slowly lowering himself into a hot bath.
“I don't want to be another bargaining chip for Ross to push Tony under his thumb. And as long as the Accords are under his supervision I feel like if I sign...” Steve shrugged. “I don't know. It just doesn't sit right with me.”
"Hey, Tony," Steve said, his smile faltering a little when Tony just kept staring at him. "What's going on? Are you -"
Toni punched him in the shoulder on her way over, and Clint staggered, but caught himself without dropping the bottle. Show-off. “Hey! Foul play!”
Hello hello! I hope that you enjoy this chapter and that you have a wonderful day <3 Thanks for reading!
Steve chuckled, drawing Tony into his arms as he pulled the blanket up over both of them. “That's my job, isn't it?”
It was just enough of a threat that Tony felt his hackles rise. He was about to say something when he felt Pepper's hand brush his and instead took a deep breath, grabbing on gratefully.
By the time he came back to himself his cock was free from the tube and his torso was lying across the table, Tony resting heavily on his back with both arms wrapped around him. Steve wasn't surprised that Tony recovered first, pushing himself off Steve with a deep grunt before he leaned up and pressed a kiss to the back of Steve's head.
He ran his fingers through Steve’s hair as gently as he could, curling the strands around the tips of his fingers. It felt almost like silk, and Steve made a lovely noise as he turned his head to give him better access, so Tony kept going, petting Steve’s hair while his other hand rubbed circles into his back. He could still feel Steve’s hard cock in his ass, but it almost became an afterthought when Steve nuzzled his shoulder, his breathing hot against Tony’s skin. Tony hummed.
He focussed on taking deep breaths until he regained some semblance of control before he opened his eyes to meet Steve's, feeling like his limbs were filled with lead.
“Tony, this is serious! We have to –“ Steve broke off, feeling his expression slip for a moment before he steeled it into an unimpressed frown. “Tony.”
“I'm not coming on something that someone baked with their own two hands because they thought we would eat it,” Steve said decisively. “If we're going to waste food like this we're going to make it ourselves.”
“Of course it is. That's not what I asked though.” Mr. Stark leaned forward in his seat, and Steve's eyes snapped down to where his shirt had fallen open ever so slightly, revealing a patch of skin that –
He started by rubbing his palms up and down Steve's thighs, keeping his touch light and simple as he followed the motions of his hands with his eyes. Before long Steve looked to be faring much better, his muscles relaxing under Tony's hands, and Tony pressed a kiss to his still clothed knee, steadily moving along the inside of Steve's thigh. He only stopped when he felt Steve's zipper against his mouth, pressing a kiss to it before he looked up at Steve through his lashes.
“Nothing until we see how it works.” Steve walked around the table to look over Tony’s shoulder as he unpacked the fleshlight along with a hollow tube that looked a little like glass. It was surprising how soft it was to the touch, folding easily when Steve took it in hand and squeezed it.
And hissed when he suddenly felt teeth at his neck, followed by the wet pressure of Tony's tongue digging into that spot right under his ear. Steve's hand spasmed hard enough that he was a little worried he was bending the metal pole, but Tony just kept going, playing idly with his cock with such a light touch that Steve's thighs burned with the strain of not thrusting up into it, desperate for more friction.
“What, did you want to hear something else?” Steve asked innocently, and Tony snorted, pushing Steve back until he could sit up, grimacing at the sticky feeling in his underwear.
“Tony –“ he choked out before he could stop himself, and Tony moaned, digging his tongue right into that spot until Steve was shivering uncontrollably, pounding into Tony as he felt his stomach pull tight, his balls drawing up –
They sat like that for so long that Tony's feet went numb, but he wouldn't have moved for the world, leaning on Steve's shoulder with his eyes closed as a bone-deep calm washed over him, finally slowing his racing heartbeat.
Though she nodded at the group and continued on, Steve barley heard her, his eyes tracking the room once more for his children.
“You’d be surprised. You wait here while I gather what we’ll need for the experiment.” Tony advised him and turned for the door. He paused when he heard Péter call his name, shyly, turning to look back at the boy with a brow arched in question.
It was a good story Ian thought. Farmers didn’t make a lot of money and it had to be hard just starting out didn’t it? For good measure he turned to Karlina, trying to look as pitiful as possible as he added, “mother’s awful worried because the cough won’t let up and there’s no way to ring for a doctor.”
The Rogers children truly did not know how to play it seemed. Well, not fully. Artur was dragging a stick about making drawings with Maria but even in that they were far more careful than any five and seven-year-old had a right to be when it came to sticks and dirt.
The anxious worry that had been winding tightly within Steve’s gut since the police had come and gone that afternoon finally eased at the site of Bucky stomping through the kitchen door, but Bucky’s eyes immediately narrowed on Tony standing unobtrusively behind Pepper, with a steadying hand on Wanda’s back offering silent support. Steve saw the way that Bucky’s eyes caught the bandage wrapped around Tony’s hand – from where the boy had tried to stab Tony before he’d realized it was him and not the return of the police – and widened, then how they flew toward Steve in a silent demand for an explanation.
“I have sisters. I had to take care of them. That’s my job, only I -I didn’t know what to do... I’m still too small.” Ian’s voice cracked and he had to swallow before his voice would work again. “When I grow up, I’m going to be a soldier. Then I’ll be able to keep them safe.”
“Forget the lessons for today. Virginia says you’ve been pounding away in here every night since Joshua left.” His too intelligent eyes roved over Tony’s body like he could see through his skin and Tony fidgeted. “You don’t come to dinner and you don’t come out till somebody comes to remind you what hour it is in the morning. Have you slept in days?”
“Home.” Steve realized, faltering in his step for the barest of seconds and then quickening with newfound purpose. Tossing a smirk over his shoulder he waved at Bucky to hurry up. “You’ve gotten old on me Bucky, always falling behind.”
Huh? Tony blinked, embarrassed that he’d almost forgotten Ian’s presence as he pulled his eyes away from the captain.
I’m sorry I did not have time to inform you of my recent departure from St. Péter’s. The abbot was kind enough to forward your letters to me. You can write to me at the address on the envelope and we will have to pray that the Warden proves more diligent in his oversight of the mail in the future.
“S-stark.” The captain's voice sounded like rusted chain. He licked his lips and continued, struggling with his words.
Schmidt’s eyes widened in surprise and then narrowed in calculation as he considered Stark for a long moment. “Yes. I had heard his only child had entered a monastery. And now you teach children? Surely there was a place for you in your father’s business?”
“Virginia told me the beating was bad. So whatever it is that you’ve found better be worth the artwork you got for it.” He picked up a strudel and bit into the crust. “ ‘Cuss from where I’m sitting it doesn't look like it was.”
“James!” he heard Natacha hiss. “Hurry.” But he couldn’t make his legs move, no matter how hard he tried. It was like they were suddenly made of gelatin. There were so many people gathered outside on the platform already. He could see another large group of children with tags around their wrists, but no sign of Bucky or Tony anywhere. There were plenty of men and women out there with gray faces and travel worn clothing, but he stopped noticing them altogether when he spotted a policeman standing at the edge of the platform. There were more of them he realized searching the crowd. At least a dozen. His heart sink down into his stomach.
“That’s what I thought too. If we go to war they’ll ship him out on his eighteenth birthday and he’ll get blown up somewhere. He’s just another dead boy too stupid to know it.”
He drew a shaky breath and forced himself to say the rest, to rely on his own strength rather than burden her with his nightmares.
“That’s kind.” He returned, and gestured toward Tony at his side. “May I introduce you to my good friend, Antony Stark?”
“Vati! Vati come quick!” He hollered excitedly, zigging and zagging his way through party guests making a beeline for Steve.
” Steve wished him luck, and on the other end of the line Bucky took a deep breath, letting it out slow, his voice filled with heaviness and warm with deeply rooted affection.
"I thought your Da didn't like the Führer?" Ian commented earning a glare from James and Tony winced.
“It was a pleasure to meet you, Tony. I do hope you’ll write. You can leave an address for me at the Adlon until the end of the week.”
So he didn’t try to keep up with any of the conversations and watched them all instead, trying to memorize the twerk of Péter's body as he turned to tease his sister, the way Artur and James looked as they tried to lean over the sides of the boats.
“You’re a Jew?” Stefen asked slowly, as if testing the words. Tony nodded and waited, but nothing else was forthcoming. Stefen said nothing, didn’t reach for him (why would he?) only continued to stare at Tony as if he were seeing him for the very first time. He’d gotten his wish after all, Tony thought with bitter amusement.
“I don’t think you care to hear how often the divine and I have touched since leaving you at St. Péter’s.”
"Oh Christ." he heard Bucky groan, and he didn't need the glance at him to know that his mouth had fallen open in shock.
He could feel the others staring, felt them inching closer to get a better look at the spectacle but they were wise enough not to intervene or make much noise, likely wary of drawing Tony’s unusual ire against themselves.
“Péter will be a man before you can blink and you’ll have lost the opportunity to know him! The children are the god damn
Austria was a small country but fiercely proud of its treasures and contributions to society. Captain Rogers, hero of the Great War, was reputably both. Even Tony, cloistered away behind the walls of the abbey had heard of him.
Tony was a brilliant man and despite his eccentricates (maybe even because of them) he made a fine mentor for the children, especially for Péter who had read more books than Steve even knew they owned before he was Ian's age and had more questions about why things worked the way they did, than any sane man had answers.
Down in the street the crowed had grown in size to become a massive breathing thing, the shouting so loud he could almost discern every breath. Steve took a breath, eyes darting over the crowd.
"And then we will be with Father in England, and we will not see familia again for a long time. Maybe never." Wanda interjected with that same eerier certainty. "It's going to be alright Pietro. I see that now. Mama’s dream wasn’t meant for us at all."
Artur shrank suddenly unsure of himself, with a look back at Stark, he crept back into his chair as if he'd been kicked.
“Charlotte. I – I’m sorry. I just can’t.” He tried vainly to explain, but he knew there was no explaining it. No excusing it.
"Snares?" James abandoned what looked like a game of keep away (wherein the thing being kept away was his person, which Ian was attempting to wrap in a soft towel) to scamper to his uncle's side. Ian bit his lip, looking troubled and his eyes sought Tony's beseechingly.
“It’s such terrible thing, not to be in good health. Your children always seem so ill. It’s not very German of them.”
He seemed surprised to hear his name come out of her mouth. Who was left now to use it? Father was all that was left of his family and Father never called him by his given name. Even if he and Bucky both wanted it that way, she wondered why no one could see the loneliness in him. She wondered if he’d even see it if he looked in a mirror.
He ran into Hammer not far from the attic steps on his way down to breakfast and felt unease about it most of the morning. Had the Butler just been passing by or lurking about? Pepper had the only key, which she’d given to Tony, so he wasn’t worried Hammer would venture up there while he was away, but he wouldn’t put it past Hammer to listen at keyholes.
"What would you call me then, wife?" She asked softly. It sounded so strange coming from her, to even test the thought in his mind: his
He needed to get to the schoolroom, see his children, because Tony had been right from the beginning. Whatever else happened, Stefen did not want his children to look back on these years and wonder if he had been a good man or if he had loved them. They needed to be certain of those things and heaven help them, but he was all they had. He’d missed sitting in on their music lesson but if they hurried he could be back in time for their final lesson before supper.
“No. No, I... h-he...” Péter stammered, his horrified eyes catching Tony’s - pleading with him to fix the unfixable, to
There was nothing untoward going on, but her body language seemed tense to him, and where he was standing there was no polite way for her to exist unless the boy moved first.
“You learned from me, who learned from your uncle Buck and he was not a good swimmer to begin with.” Stefan’s smile was soft as he said.
He and Clint had been received at the front gates of the camp with minimal fanfare by a man who had introduced himself as the warden, along with Lieutenant Wolfe. The two soldiers flanking them had remained unintroduced.
Stefen rose to his feet and Tony met his eyes. He hoped Stefen would not wonder deeply why his were bright with tears and a gutless kind of terror he could do nothing in that moment to hide.
She could no longer depend solely on her father’s protection. She had to protect herself. She could do it. She knew she could. If they tried to hurt her or her family, she wouldn’t hesitate. She’d be glad.
Tony regretted the attempt at levity as soon as he made it. Realizing only as the pain slashed through his chest, that he wasn’t ready yet to say his name or to image what it might be like to see Stefen again. Hope had never felt so cruel a thing before. Bucky's hands spasmed on the wheel but he just turned his head and kept his eye locked on the road in grim silence.
“No.” the word sliced out of his ragged throat, hardly loud enough to warrant the shocked expression on her face but he forced himself to continue speaking, pushing his useless lungs and throat to do as he willed.
Tony found himself doing a lot more praying that any moment now, the old car would come rolling up the drive and Harold would ring the bell in the garage for Pepper to alert her of the Captain’s return.  That afternoon found Tony in the garden with the girls walking the paths where he and the Captain often walked in the cool air of evening. He was trying not to worry, but he wasn’t the only one with Stefen on his mind. Beside him Sara gave a dissatisfied huff and sat back on her heels.
“Cosa stai pensando?” He asked softly, not entirely sure why and expecting no answer. Tacha rarely gave up her thoughts when she wasn’t ready to, and this time proved no different. She didn’t respond, just shifted to get more comfortable on her perch. If she’d been younger Steve would have lifted her into his lap. He wasn’t certain she didn’t want him to do it anyway, but she’d never lower her pride enough to ask.
“It's not your fault,” Steve said, the words coming out rough through his tight throat. “It's just a... thing. That I need to adjust to. I'm sorry.”
“Can I talk to you for a second? Alone?” he asked, sounding almost a little nervous, and Toni tried not to let it affect her, despite the ominous feeling creeping up in her stomach.
Meanwhile Vision was very insistently offering Bruce a cup of tea while Natasha sharpened a knife in the background, glaring at Bruce like she was just daring him to take it. Steve counted himself lucky that Bruce was the one who had fixated on him. At least he had nothing idiotic to fear on that front.
Steve hummed, and Tony could feel his smile where Steve was still pressing tiny kisses all over his face. “I know.”
It has come to our attention that an unauthorized aircraft has been sighted in the vicinity of the Afghan border, right where local law enforcement officers found the still smoking remains of a terrorist hideout. The lack of an identification number leads the UN to believe that this aircraft was deployed either by SHIELD or the Avengers Initiative. You have 48 hours to come forward with any and all information pertaining to this incident.
New format! Fucking hell, formatting this took me forever, but I really wanted to make this chapter a little special. Also, did you know the Black Panther suit is called Panther Habit? Cause I didn't. I hope you enjoy this one! <3
“It feels like we should be doing this in a bed,” Steve said, then squeezed his mouth shut, and Toni laughed when his cheeks darkened with a mortified flush, clearly flustered.
“Are you sure this is what you want?” Tony asked as they waited for Pepper's signal behind the door. “I can do this alone. You don't have to face the vultures.”
Steve grabbed the pole next to him on reflex, his fingers clenching when Tony pressed down on his cock, moving his hand in tiny increments that felt a lot better than they had any right to. He glanced up at the guy opposite him, but the man didn't seem to have noticed, his eyes averted as he nodded along to whatever music was blasting through his earphones.
“Okay,” Tony repeated quietly, and Steve shivered as Tony ran his hands down his back. “Nice and slow. I'm wet enough for you.”
The general's face flushed with rage, but before he could say anything Tony turned around and walked away as briskly as social conventions would allow, pulling out his phone to send a quick message to Pepper. She'd hate him for skipping the speech, but that was a problem for tomorrow's Tony.
“You do realize that you might end up having to blow some sweaty old man with a micropenis though, right?”
“Suit yourself.” Steve opened the door without hesitation, stepping aside to hold it open for him. “Shall we?”
The signatures of yourself, Ms Romanoff, Colonel Rhodes and the Vision have been passed on to the UN. Given that other signatures are still pending the UN has unanimously agreed to extend the deadline at which a final answer from the rest of the Avengers will be required. Please forward the missing signatures to me or my staff within the next seven days; otherwise the UN will be forced to exercise their right to suspend those who choose not to sign from active duty.
He could hear Bucky sigh over the line. “Look, Steve, just – try it out, okay? I’m not saying you need to feed it and take it out for walks on the beach, just – Relax a little, okay? Can you do that?”
“Which is why we will take this to your bedroom so you can open it in your own time,” Clint said so cheerfully that it raised the hairs on the back of Steve’s neck.
He pulled it open with a snap, his grin widening as he read, “The_Captain! Congratulations!” Fireworks appeared on screen as Pepper did her modding magic, and Tony danced around for a bit to whatever music she had chosen for this before he waved at the camera. “I'll get in touch with you in a bit, Captain! The rest of you, thanks so much for your donations and I'll see you next stream! Bye!”
, and when he finally found some semblance of control he felt Tony's hands on his face, tilting it up to give him a small smile.
“What happens when you get kicked in the balls?” Steve felt his face heat all the way down to his neck and Tony's eyes widened. “No fucking way.”
Oh my god you guys, the incredible Hemmi actually took the time to draw the scene where Tony sees the video. I laughed so hard looking at it and she was gracious enough to let me put it in the fic, so here it is, for all of your viewing pleasure:
“So I've been told,” Tony said to hide how fast his heart was suddenly beating. Steve gave him a soft smile.
One of the women who'd been sat facing away from Steve got off at the next station, and Steve barely resisted the urge to fidget when two others boarded the car, one of them sitting down and the other staying near the door. Steve looked at the guy for a long moment before he realized that staring probably wasn't a good idea if he was trying to look inconspicuous, especially since Tony's hand was still on his –
“I don't think it likes you,” Tony mused, trying to reach up and get a grip on the vines that kept his feet bound. “Try talking to it!”
“Wow,” Steve breathed and it was so goddamn earnest that Tony broke out laughing, hiding his face in the crook of Steve’s neck.
Tony couldn't not kiss him again, hissing at the feeling of Steve's hand on his cock as he arranged them so they were lined up perfectly before he lowered himself down on top of Tony, grinding them together. Steve broke away to press a line of kisses down Tony's neck all the way to his chest, and Tony's breathing hitched when he felt Steve's beard scratching over his skin, hopefully leaving marks that he would find tomorrow.
"Well, let me fix that right now." Bucky gave him a surprised look and Tony put his hands on his hips with a cocky smirk. "What? I can't have any skills beyond engineering?"
A bit of wiggling brought them close enough together that Tony's cock was trapped between their stomachs, all of his nerve endings firing at once. He could feel the pressure building as his balls drew up, writhing in Steve's lap as if he could get him even
“That's perfectly normal. Sometimes it takes more than one,” Steve said reasonably as he settled back into the chair by his desk. “Take your time.”
"No, shh, shut up." Tony couldn't stop touching it, his stomach swooping at the feeling of surprisingly long hair beneath his fingers. "Holy shit!"
He glanced at Tony out of the corner of his eye, his heart pounding as he tried to gauge the reaction to what he'd just said, but Tony wasn't even looking at him, instead fiddling with something on his phone.
“Have you looked at your socials anytime this past week? Because that looks like anything but under control.”
Thanks to everyone who is still reading and I hope you enjoy this chapter. Thanks for your understanding and for all the support, it's really getting me through my days. Thank you, thank you, thank you <3 Now, on to the fic!
He'd been between girlfriends when he first watched that movie, bored out of his mind on one of his rare days off. And it just so happened that JARVIS had restocked his fridge with some comfort food that morning, including a frozen apple pie that Tony had planned on eating later.
Bucky met him in the hallway, clapping him on the shoulder as Steve kicked off his shoes. “There he is. I thought you were done going AWOL, man.”
Tony was lying with his head pillowed on Steve's chest when he first picked up on it, a faint scent that tickled his nose and seemed to light up some foreign part in his brain. He immediately recognized it for what it was.
When he entered the playroom Steve was already sitting on the bed next to the mounted camera, his hands clasped in his lap and looking severely uncomfortable. His head came up as Tony stepped closer, and Tony watched him do a double take, his jaw going lax as he stared.
“But why not?” Tony asked desperately, grabbing Clint's arm with both hands. “Come on, I built you a brand new shooting rage, you're gonna love it!”
This one's just a little breather before we get to the big event. I hope you're all ready for the bunker ;)
Tony bit his lip, fingers clenching around his bowl of nachos. “I'll give you something. I promise.”
Experts say that the credibility of Mr. Barnes' psychological assessment is now being brought into question.
But all they did was push him forward, so Tony held Steve tightly in his arms, stumbling in the direction they pointed him until he walked through a door that fell shut the second they were inside. Tony couldn't stop kissing Steve's neck, huffing desperate breaths of Steve's scent that felt almost
“I know. It's Ross.” Bucky shook his head. “That guy is a pain in the ass, not gonna lie. But knowing what we know about Tony... do you really think he'd let Ross take advantage of you?”
Tony was kissing him again before Steve could even process what he said, harder this time, and – oh,
Tony. It was probably way too early for that – then again, they had known each other for years and these feelings weren't exactly new – but Steve couldn't deny that it was true. He wanted to share Tony's life completely, know him better than he knew himself, he wanted – he wanted –
Tony didn't let go of Steve's hand all the way into the workshop, a delighted thrill running down his spine every time Steve's thumb brushed over his skin. They didn't really hold hands all that much since neither of them liked attracting paparazzi and even in private Steve usually preferred to wrap his arm around Tony's waist, but at this moment Tony would've rather died than let go.
Tony hummed, turning onto his side so he could pillow his head on Steve’s chest. Steve wrapped an arm around him. “Maybe I’ll take the fleshlight then. You can have the tube.” Steve’s breathing hitched, and Tony chuckled, pressing a kiss to his collarbone. “We’ll try that out next time.”
Happy was blessedly silent on their ride home, dropping Tony off at the tower without any unnecessary reassurances. Tony was glad for it. He didn't trust himself not to snap at any attempt of comfort right now.
Steve just stared for a long moment before he let out a long breath, an unreadable look on his face. "You built me a suit."
“You know exactly what you're doing to me.” His voice was a little rough, his eyes a shade too dark when he looked at her. “You need to stay for the speech. We can't –“
“Shut up.” Steve finished his porridge in a few more bites, putting a couple of bills down on the table as he stood up. “Feel like going for a walk?”
“You’re really warm,” he said nonsensically, but Steve made a tiny noise and shifted so he was caging Tony in with his arms, tangling their legs together as he rolled on top of him.
“It's okay if you don't believe that now. I have the rest of my life to prove to you that it's true, and I'll do it until you believe me.” Tony was openly crying now, but Steve just kept petting his hair, his other hand laying gently on top of his throbbing asscheeks, pouring even more heat into the fire. “But until then, you have to trust me when I say that you're a good man, Tony. Even if you don't think so yet. Just trust me.”
Steve smiled sadly, his hand coming up to run through Tony’s hair, and Tony leaned into the touch without thinking, though it didn’t calm the storm in his mind the way it usually did. “Thank you for telling me. I’m sorry you went through that tonight.”
.” Steve looked at him like a kicked puppy, and Tony groaned, throwing his hands up. “Fine. If it makes you feel better I'll tie you to the bed.” He paused, a grin taking over his face. “On second thought, that's an
“Lube,” Tony gritted out and Steve reached blindly for the nightstand even as he ground their cocks together, driving the air right out of Tony’s lungs. The first touch of Steve’s slick hand around his cock made him jump, drawing a ragged moan from him as his eyes slipped shut, hands clenching in the sheets.
Tony's hands kept fiddling with his phone like he was barely keeping himself from getting back to work right away. Steve appreciated the effort. “Not really. As soon as magic is involved science kind of flies out the window anyway.”
Steve jumped again when a hand landed on his arm, reflexively reaching up to grab it. He boggled at the sensation of warm flesh under his fingers, following it all the way up an invisible arm to a familiar grinning face. “Tony?”
“Tech. I'm a bit of a nerd. Don't tell anyone,” Tony said, not quite sure why he wasn't giving him a more impersonal answer, but Steve's eyes lit up as he smiled at Tony.
The woman looked over at the man in the corner, then back at Steve before she gave him a weary smile. “Of course. You're the participant who received the TON-E, aren't you?”
“Another?” Tony's grip tightened on his hips, and Steve groaned, pushing back on him, his eyes rolling shut when the tube sucked him back inside. “Fuck, baby, of course. As much as you want.”
“Well, giveaways always have a great turnout,” Pepper said, still staring at her screen as she rounded up the numbers. “Put some clothes on. I can see your dick.”
“What? No,” Steve said immediately, eyes snapping up to Tony's. He looked just as earnest as ever, and Tony let his shoulders relax a little. “I
“Her birthday is not till April. Who is that girl with her?” Rather than argue the point about a handful of weeks, Tony’s gaze followed the direction of Stefen’s nod and found Natacha standing by the fountain, her head bent in close conversation with another girl, whom Tony recognized instantly by her familiar purple coat and haphazard bow. Caterina clutched Natacha’s hand tightly. They whispered for a moment more before setting off arm in arm.
"It won't be like it was when our mother was alive.” James sighed despondently with another shrug. "Just a bunch of adults talking. That is boring."
Coulson pursed his lips and considered Steve for a long pensive moment. Steve returned his stare easily until finally, Coulson relented.
“A couple of boys in the market square got rowdy is all. Unseemly business. Good thing we won’t have to worry about that way up here in the hills. It will be just us and the children. We’ll bring plenty of water this time and there will be a whole lake to cool off in.” And Tony, because he’d always press an advantage when he had it, decided to play his best card.
"Hello uh...Anya." He greeted with a small wave, but she didn't turn to look at him, even when he lowered himself into the grass beside her.
Yes, he was much stronger than Steve had pegged him for but what had he expected, a feeble scholar with more book knowledge than people skills?
"I'm a genius, which considering the advice the last idiot gave you is much better wouldn't you agree? Help me get his clothes off."
Those were Nazi flags hanging boldly outside the doors of the naval office he reminded himself, staring at them as they fluttered in the wind off the water.
He'd pulled Steve aside before he could even complete a full day of training and tried to send him home.
Some unknowable point later Stefen made noise that might have been about getting out of the water but James demanded to come with. Stefen obliged and after wading a ways turned track, effortlessly lifted himself out of the water and Tony caught his breath.
“Well if you must know, since you’ve forbidden anyone to go near the perfectly good radio I built, I have a mind to transform the smaller sitting room into a workshop. For the children.”
“Whole caravans shipped off to god knows where Stevie! My father. My sister. The Uncles. You think I don’t got people to worry about?”
The door swung open and Tony stumbled back one arm wheeling to keep himself steady. A tall thin man peered at him from beside the door, scrunching his eyes and doing, what Tony thought, was a very good impression of a weasel.
“I won’t listen to him!” James announced suddenly from where he stood, glaring at the floor. Ian felt his cheeks heat in embarrassment.
Relief washed through Tony as he realized that Péter had come, not because he had suspicions or thought ill of Tony for the things he’d said, but because he’d looked behind Tony’s behavior and recognized his fracturing mind for what it was… something he’d been alone in for more years than he wanted to count. And Péter had recognized it because he’d seen the same symptoms in his father?
Tony was suddenly struck by the notion that Natacha was at the age where little girls began to think like young women, and now that it was certain Clint was not some thief attempting to rob them in broad daylight, he must appear to her a curious new entity (around her own age) and possibly not bad looking. Tony wouldn’t know. He wasn’t a twelve-year-old girl but he thought that maybe Clinton had a certain roguish appeal to him. It was a wholly discomforting realization, because much as he enjoyed Clinton he was a scamp and Tony wouldn’t trust him to look after a paper bag let alone a young lady.
"I had gathered that, Stefen." She pulled her hand gently from his and moved away, toward the little table next to the window. "Would you like some tea or coffee perhaps?"
Pietro snorted but let the tension drain out of his shoulders as he sauntered closer, lowering himself to the grass beside his sister.
"We got to Vienna alright, hitched a few rides and took a bus into the city when we got close enough. It wasn't much trouble getting tickets at the station. I told the teller we were on our service year, and that the other two had lost their papers on the bus. Don't know if he believed me but he seemed happy enough to let us go with a few extra coins in his pocket." Péter recounted for Tony later as the bus rattled along, his voice barely discernible over the noise of the engine.
He could feel himself blushing as he muttered, "I don’t want to talk to a woman, just girls. How do I talk to them?"
Tony’s fingers slipped on a key and he winced, refocusing briefly on his playing. He could still feel the woman’s eyes on him and fought the urge to look again.
“How about we pick a few small books and toys that you might enjoy sharing with him and keep the rest here for when we get back?”
Tony must have felt Steve’s eyes on him because he turned his head slightly, but his gaze slid past Steve so easily that if Steve didn’t know him better he’d have been tempted to think Tony hadn’t noticed him at all.
It was at that moment the doors to their car flew open and a man shoved his way inside from the next car, grunting as he nearly trampled over Péter who barked for him to slow down. “Exiting passengers first! There are people trying to get through here.” And then the strangest thing happened where the man let out a ragged cry, full of exuberant relief and turned in a blur to grab Péter by both arms and haul him into a bear hug.
Steve labored to calm his breathing, a dull ringing in his ears as Zimmerman’s words banged around like rockets in his head. All he could think of was what he’d heard, and the little he’d seen, that had been enough to make his blood go cold.
Peggy had started the tradition of eating breakfast with the staff on Christmas Eve, Steve recalled with a slight pang as he entered the crowded kitchen. All of the staff had returned, including the two laundry maids. Hammer was worryingly absent, but Steve shoved the worry to the back of his mind – another problem to tackle later. Now was about the children.
“You know I envy you men. How wonderful it must be to act on what you feel and say the things you think without a second thought.”
Clinton looked surprised by the request but he nodded with a solemnness to his expression that Tony had rarely observed in him and he felt something in his chest region pinch. Right. Well that was enough of
"I should go and get things in order. You should keep the room tonight. " Steve said into the silence. A beginning and a declaration all in one. That was how they worked. Steve left home in search of work and Bucky followed to watch his back. Steve joined the army and Bucky had his back there too. Only this time, Steve decided he was the man to take down Hitler and Bucky maybe didn’t follow. Steve never left him without a choice.
“Charlotte thinks it would be a good idea to announce our engagement soon.” Steve revealed, looking sad of all things. “I’ve put it off. I made excuses because I’m afraid. I’ve never been good at telling someone how I feel. I need some way to show it.”
Warnings: There is a brief mention of non/con in this chapter. It's only talked about and does not involve a major character but may still be triggering.
"Lieutenant, I have four missing men along with a person of interest." Captain Arnold groused low enough that his voice wouldn't carry to the other men and Deiter tensed, shock trickling through him.
Heaven forbid they end up like Tony had, seventeen with no idea how to wash his own clothes. He'd understood the basics (he wasn't a dullard) but the finer details like what soaps to use and what brushes worked best with what fabrics and how to finely scrub a stain out of his robes might as well have been Greek. He'd been the brunt of more than one joke in his days as a novice, his pampered upbringing leaving him ill prepared for a monk’s life of simplicity and service.
Beside her, kneading bread dough with her hands, Willamina began to hum along with the words floating in from the hall, the sound warm and soft like a purr as it rumbled in her wide chest. She caught Natacha’s eye and the cook’s lips curled in a wistful smile. Natacha noticed that her eyes were glassy, and she had the thought as her younger sister’s voice swelled upward like a trilling bird, that Willamina might be on the verge of tears.
Tony scolded gently from just behind his ear, warm breath tickling the skin gently and Steve squeezed his eyes shut, aggressively rubbing at his face with both palms, pushing on his eyes, trying and failing to relieve the pounding echoing inside his skull.
He and Ian could have been twins in that moment what with the familiar determined clench of jaws and earnest expressions.
“You’re late.” Charlotte commented when Steve had closed the door behind himself, reaching to turn the key in the ignition. He winced, even though her tone was only mildly disapproving.
As the minutes crawled by he mulled over what he was going to say when Charlotte finally arrived. It had to be right and he would have to use his best German.
Tony could feel eyes on him, and he wasn't all that surprised to look up and discover that Stefen was watching him.  Natacha was still enjoying the dance but Stefen had gone still, his gaze narrowing on Tony with concern that made a spark of anger ignite within his chest. Tony raised his cup to him with a bitter smile and downed the rest of it, before he turned to Hortense. He didn't bother looking back at Stefen as he grabbed the girl by the hand and tugged her away from the drink station.
Because thinking of home was too painful. He’d made his peace with it, shut the door on anything else aside from working to free Austria with the resistance. But now there were all these things he couldn’t stop thinking about. His children. All the things he would miss. Tony and the way he tasted.
“Yes. But there was a time when we were stronger and the Führer demands that we be so again. General Schmidt informed us that you might be of some help.”
The children would be desperate for news, he knew that, but it was the shake in the other man’s voice that made Tony decide to stand. He was not the only one nearly broken by this. Hearing Bucky sound like that unnerved him, and judging by the pinched look on the ex-soldier’s face he was just as uncomfortable and just as eager for Tony to disappear and say nothing of it as he was.
His hands stroked over Tony’s arms, and then down his chest, making the beads rattle and the coins clink together as he passed over them. His hands continued down until they reached where Tony’s slacks hung around his hips. Tony gasped, a deep shudder going through him as Steve’s hand hovered there, his touch increasingly desperate as he stared into Tony and breathed his name against Tony’s lips like it was an oath and a plea all rolled into one.
The train began to move, slowly squealing it's way out of the station. He jogged alongside Sam as the train picked up speed. “I am thinking about them.” he insisted.
uniform with her painfully white blouse. Her black neckerchief was tied precisely under her neck and her red hair was perfectly pleated to form a crown around her head. And my, did she not look every inch the queen at court, poised to pass judgment on them all.
When Rogers had been brought eye to eye with the general Schmidt smiled and looked around at the stripe clad prisoners filling the yard on either side of them.
Keeping away from the sound of unfamiliar voices carrying through the hall, Tony and Pepper darted like mice toward the music room where Tony could hear the sounds of a jaunty music playing and giggling laughter filtering from the room.
“Yes, Baroness. " The maid hurried out with a careful dip, the bowl of sick held far away from her. Dvorak made sure to step well out of her way as she passed him, taking a large portion of the acidic smell with her.
The house smelled like oranges and pinewood, a thick cloying scent that seemed to seep into every crack and crevice of the lodge and made Ian glance longingly toward the wide windows. Outside he could see the mountains of Austria reaching up into the sky, a dusky blue and grey. Both a reminder of home and the bars of a giant cage that locked him and his family within Germany.
Tony let the sound of Maria’s gentle singing wash over him as he secured the final nail in the board with a swing of his hammer, careful to avoid James’ small fingers as they slipped away from the nail. The boy’s keen focus on the task at hand and quick work reminded Tony of that summer afternoon when they'd built racing boats. That felt like a lifetime ago now, but James was just as quick and eager a student as he had been back then, helping Tony and his siblings to build a pair of rope beds and put a latch on the loft door. He hadn’t complained or whined once, and that was enough of a miracle to have Tony almost believing in angels.
“He’ll be back soon bambina. Your vati is a very important person and sometimes that takes him away.” Tony assured her, smoothing back the fly away wisps of hair on her forehead that had escaped Natacha’s careful plaiting.
They stared at one another, neither one willing to look away or to give the appearance of backing down.
For a moment it looked as if he would say something more but as Harrold banged on the bottom of a kitchen pot and called for the racers to line up, Herr Mueller simply nodded in deference and murmured, “Of course.”
The riots had happened weeks ago, and they were all here at the villa safely healing he reminded himself, sliding his shaking hands down into his lap and out of view. Steve blinked hard to clear away the vision but it stuck. As his heart began to pound he reminded himself again that just because he saw it didn’t mean it was real and resolved himself to ignore it. He’d get through the meal, for the children, and then he’d ask Tony to help him to bed. He’d feel better when he could touch Tony and hold him, feel for himself what was real and what wasn’t.
And when one was minding seven children of various ages already, it didn't leave a lot of time between demands. Tony had left the boys too long unattended it seemed because at just that moment a thump came from overhead, startling those gathered below as their eyes flew upward, drawn to the sound of heavy footsteps and raised voices.
Natacha’s whisper interrupted his frantic thoughts as she opened his bedroom door with a creak. She slipped into the hall and Péter hurried to catch up trying to be mindful of the floorboards he knew that creaked.
Maria swallowed and scooted toward him, wincing as her stockings dragged through the dust on the floor.
In a house this size it was unusual for the staff, especially the cook, to receive the night off but that seemed to be the case that night. Most unusually, not a single person better equipped to scrub floors and run a bath for a grubby little boy seemed to be around when Tony needed them most. Not even the damned cook! Even Pepper had been unusually hard to find and since Tony refused to whistle for her like a hound, when she did appear it was to find Tony painstakingly making his way through the kitchen carrying a full slop bucket.
Steve heard the sound of a roaring engine. He turned his head and saw a trio of kübelwagen’s weaving toward them, headlights glaring. Steve started running even before the first shot was fired.
Tony made his way up the stairs that night ready to attempt sleep again. His mind was oddly quiet. Well it wasn't firing at all cylinders, and with the way the past few days had gone he would take what he could get.
There was a pause, in which Steve wasn't sure if he was going to combust in unexplained rage or embarrassment. It felt like an age, his balance on that knife point shaking as he teetered between finishing what he started and melting with shame. He took a deep breath in.
The girl smiled shyly at him, her dark hair and eyes reminding him in that moment of Maria and he smiled back.
They’d all heard the tapes now, and it was a flimsy case that even a halfwit lawyer could have argued their way out of. The audio was tinny and distorted, and even Lt. Stevens, who had listened avidly over the years to numerous speeches the Major had given over the radio, could not confidently say that the voice on the tape belonged to Major Rogers. But this administration had hung men without trial for far less.
She let him be, though she did notice that there was jam pooled in the corner of his mouth, and she leaned over to hold out her napkin to him. He looked up at her in surprise, blinking his wide blue eyes, startled enough to drop his half-eaten roll right into his lap. Charlotte chuckled, warmth spreading through her at the sight of his fumbling. Clucking her tongue, she delicately wiped off his cheek and then, placing the napkin in his palm, guided his hand to see to his trousers.
Frowning without much heat he scolded his three-year-old to eat properly, because he knew she knew how, and he'd seen that shit eating smirk too often in the mirror to be fooled by the soulful pout that followed.
Ah. The parts he’d ordered. Tony shifted the books to make room for the parcels, struggling not to lose control of the whole stack but Hammer made no move to place them in Tony’s keeping. Instead he held them delicately out, a small smirk twitching at his lips standing at the bottom of the stairs as still as if he’d grown roots there.
I'm preparing to move out of state and go back to school and she is headed off to boot camp. We're very excited about this of course but it requires some real planning on our part. If the interest is there it's our goal to finish the fic. We are trying to figure how best to achieve that and how we should structure future updates. Your input would be so appreciated as we make our decisions.
“Two-hundred-fifteen MEV.” Péter calculated correctly and Tony’s grin only widened with delight as the boy’s mouth fell open in awe. “Tony that’s… that kind of energy could – ”
The drinking had been a good idea. A pleasant relief from the barrage of his senses. Every day it was like… it was like water. Yes.
But Tony couldn't help but think as he’d stood observing his pink freshly shaven jaw for the first time in years, that the man staring back at him in the borrowed mirror resembled Hughard Stark too much for his liking.
"But until then, I've got a project for us." Tony decided. James, who had been leaning against his shoulder, lost his balance and fell to the bed when Tony stood suddenly and he didn't look very happy about it. His tone was petulant enough to curdle milk as he grumbled, "But what about the news?"
Though he had to put on the front of a man enjoying these last free days before answering his duty he couldn’t hide how massively uncomfortable the whole thing made him. By that point he’d have welcomed Shmidt and his men storming in with guns blazing to arrest him. He’d almost forgotten what it felt like not to be stiff and without a headache.
There was a long tense moment of silence while Bucky stared into the fire, jaw clenched tight, but finally he turned, his expression resolved.
For a moment it was Schmidt smirking down at him as the striped clothes hit his face. But when he grasped the garments with shaking hands and blinked hard, he recognized the clothing as the same warm winter trousers he’d first seen her in.
That was what was wrong with the way they’d been greeted, he realized slowly. Their visit was unannounced, and yet there hadn’t been so much as a flicker of concern to pass through Herr Hammer’s gaze when he’d answered the door. The housekeeper put on a good poker face, but she was shocked and horrified at their presence there.
James peered up at Tony. He'd nearly whispered the words and the quiet sound of them jarred something deep in Bucky’s. Virginia hadn’t been exaggerating. The children adored the mad little monk.
“That’s because it was wrong before.” She insisted. “We were not being taught the correct things. There were bad people who poisoned our country and the minds of its young people and the Führer put a stop to it!”
“Right as usual Natacha.” He nodded at the young woman in acknowledgment before smiling down at the others. “But I’m afraid we’ll have to call it quits for this afternoon-” a chorus of groans rose up and quickly quieted at Tony’s stern frown.
Shuddering Tony scrambled to his feet, muttering useless apologies as he backed away from the pair all but fleeing from their space and then from the attic room altogether. The door slammed behind him and he fell back against it, the strength suddenly leaving his legs.
“It’s still Captain until the official placement is offered and pending my acceptance,” Steve answered in reply, mouth tight. Turning to his notes he glanced up at Loki only briefly to indicate he may wish to pay close attention. “There are other officers in our network who can provide additional intelligence, some with higher clearance levels than I, but at present I estimate roughly six hundred thousand men across thirty-seven infantry divisions.
“I’m sorry we frightened you,” Tony spoke to the girl first in Italian, but when she just stared blankly at him, he switched to the Czech she’d been singing in. Steve grit his teeth. Tony said ‘
Despite his labored breathing the wounded man fiercely muttered the prayer. As his breathes began to rattle, bleary brown eyes sliding past Bruce, who continued to work on him, his eyes locked with Tony’s. They were wet with tears and full of desperation. His mouth gaped open, twitching uselessly around words he no longer had breath for.
"Nothing, I went and got the Baroness just as I was ordered. Heard her telling them he was still sick and can't be disturbed." A loud scoff followed. "Suppose you saw the big announcement in the paper this morning? It’s shameful. She won’t get away with lying for that crack pot, mark my words."
“It’s fine.” Steve responded even though it wasn’t. Hammer seemed the picture of apologetic now, and he wondered if he’d only imagined the tone he’d thought he’d heard.
It was tight and contemplative, fear mixed with something else, something he was clearly warring heavily with if the tense set of his shoulders was anything to go by.
Natacha nodded and stepped toward him, rubbing at her blouse where droplets of the espresso she was holding in one hand had splashed her.
They had not been extraordinarily heavy, but he still felt that a great weight had been lifted from him and his breath hitched in his chest on another uncontrolled sob. Distantly, he imagined picking up the fallen chains and strangling her with them as he should, as anyone who wanted to live would, but he couldn’t. He just couldn’t.
“Stop this, both of you! Think of the children,” was enough to get them to stop screaming at one another at least, Virginia’s fierce glare reprimanding him into silence before she rounded in on Tony. “And you. Whatever you think you can help by going back to the abbey right now, just put it right out of your head. We need Harold here and you’d find trouble long before you got there on foot. You’re no help to anyone Tony, getting yourself maimed or worse.”
He thought about the boy Tony used to be, the one who’d cried alone fearing his feelings would condemn his only friend in the world. The one who’d stored all his big dreams in a journal, but who’d been told time and time again that he didn’t measure up. The one whose father had locked him behind great stone walls in order to save his life, and for whom two decades had passed by before he was free to dream again.
“Do neither of you grasp what this is?” Stefen shook the book he still held in his hands. “This saves millions of lives. If we get this to the British they’ll have no choice but to act. They’ll cut off the head of the snake before it strikes. Somebody has to do this!”
Wordlessly Bucky swirled the cup and stared at the dregs at the bottom of the cup. When they’d been boys the street women had given them dregs to read, a practice they’d perfected and used to distract themselves from their miserable circumstances over the years. He could see them as they’d been, jostling about in the backs of wagons, predicting the most outrageous futures for each other. They used to predict things like fame, fortune, adventure and six dogs (Steve’s favorite prediction) but for all of that, Steve had never once predicted that he would die of old age. Bucky had, but only once, and that had been in the mountains surrounded by nothing but white and sheets of ice, the both of them so cold they were in danger of their next breath freezing in their lungs.
Rachol’s voice echoed in his head, her familiar teasing tone nearly taking his knees out from under him, and the chuckle broke into a sob. Bucky covered his face with one shaking hand.
Stefen's health had taken a frightening turn since Major Dvorak and Dr. Fischer had left with the troubling news that Stefen was beset with Scarlett Fever.
The girl’s cheeks flushed red again and Pepper heaved an exasperated sigh. Patting her on the shoulder Tony departed, smile fading away as her heard Pepper take the girl by the arm and say something about paying him no mind.
“My sister has two children.” The General informed him almost wistfully and Steve blinked, surprised by the sharp turn in the conversation. It had the effect of being doused with water, leaving you shaking and unsteady.
