"It's a nippy-nip."
John did not look at it right away. The desperation in Sherlock's eyes held him for a minute first, drawing out his concerned doctor's grimace that Sherlock found equal measures consoling and abashing.
Dropping his hand, John said in one big whoosh, "I've been really worried about you, you know? Weeks ago already, it's like you just
"And I did."
They sat quietly for some time, Sherlock calming down and gradually relaxing into John's embrace, John rubbing Sherlock's back and lost in thought, and Mary patiently, curiously observing the softness of their dynamic now that the bout of drama was past.
"Ooh," Sherlock made an intrigued, breathy exclamation, almost too quiet for John to hear, and stopped in his tracks.
Sherlock slept through the night with John beside him. Mary was upstairs in the attic bed after a solo trip to the Watson's flat for their overnight things. Whenever the doctor woke, he would check that Sherlock was still breathing. He was a light breather in sleep under normal circumstances, something John had to panickily remind himself of a few times that night.
Despite wisely keeping his mouth shut, John couldn't quite mask an expression which said he had a remark he really,
Sherlock relaxed as he drank, but the beeping of the ECG distracted him from dozing off - which had partly been John's intention; he wanted to make sure Sherlock finished the entire bottle first. It wouldn't do to let Sherlock become dehydrated on top of already feeling crummy.
to think you were talking about?"
"Come on," she whispered impatiently, "I know you can do it. You were suckling before. It's just like your dummy, sweetheart, come on..."
Christmas Cabbage Faeries don't like being shoved out of people's laps; it's a bit painful depending on the drop to the floor. That's my excuse for not bothering with a gift for John this year. At least, not a gift for under the tree. Gifts from my nappies are another story. I'm going to be quite generous with those for the next couple days.
All the same, Sherlock flinched violently again. This time, although Mary was quick to stop dead in her tracks at the first sign of disturbance, the damage was done. Along with the flinch, John felt a vibration inside the nappy under his hand accompanied by a wet fart noise.
In his usual impatiently patient way, Sherlock would wait for that opportunity one more day. And that day would turn into a week. And when all was said and done, that day and that week would stretch into another year, plus more.
John tipped up Sherlock's chin for a moment to ask him, "Hey, while you're still a bit more present: do you have a headache?"
Big or Little, Sherlock hated, absolutely hated, anyone else trying to control what went into or out of his body. Bottle-feeding and appealing to his Littleness had been one of the few ways John found to get the skinny man to eat, but even that method had its limits. And when it came to the other end of things, John still hadn't figured out a failproof way to get Sherlock to deal with it healthily.
Martin swore he was almost, almost asleep when he heard a tiny voice plea to him sheepishly,
Toilet still stupid!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Daddy took the gloves off and finished up like any normal diaper change, as Sherlock had wet the diaper within the past hour. John wiped Sherlock's bottom clean and taped him into a fresh diaper, crumpled the old one into the bin, and went to the sink to wash his hands.
Which reminds me, of all the diabolical things... I haven't gone out most of this past week because I haven't really been able to be in big boy pants. Nearly had a few more 'accidents', especially almost every time I drank coffee. I'm still not eating as regularly as Daddy wants, true, but it got to the point where I suspected John was slipping something into my coffee.
In Sherlock's mind's eye, there were hints of interaction like Daddy lifting the seat lid for him and guiding him onto the toilet with firm, strong hands lifting beneath Sherlock's armpits. Sherlock sat and tucked himself back rather than standing and facing the bowl. Daddy stood by patiently while Sherlock did what he needed to.
John looked very surprised to find Sherlock waiting at the door for him, and even more surprised that Sherlock was sitting on the floor, pressed nearly into the 'shoe corner' behind the door.
"Okay," John haggled, "how about just half a bottle?"
Sherlock winced inside as the programme came on and a new voiceover read the title onscreen.
The relief on John's face was worth the effort.
The first thing he saw was John in his white coat, smiling softly at him.
John was at a loss. He couldn't decipher yet what Sherlock wanted, but he was grateful the baby at least wasn't demanding the window to be "open", what with the frigid temperatures and the heavy, wet snow coming down outside.
Outwardly, this long train of thought expressed itself as no more than a subtle change in Sherlock's fidgeting. He drew his hands into protective little fists and rested them close to his chin, the weight of his arms over his chest providing an illusion of defence between him and all the scary uncertainties.
They laid Sherlock flat again so that his reflexes could be tested.
Mary continued to rest on the couch, swinging her feet up into the warm spot her husband's bottom left behind, and watched the two men head down the hall to Sherlock's room.
John smiled, towelling his hands dry, and answered with a gentle, delighted, "Thank you for eating your breakfast."
"Could we turn him this way," John was directing, "yeah, just like that."
John carried Sherlock over to her and tenderly laid him in her arms, then carefully took Sherlock's dummy away.
I got a time-out in the corner instead of an apology, because, Daddy says, (and I disagree,) I have no right to raise a stink over Daddy's reaction to my reaction to the biscuits after what happened last Thursday.
After testing each ingredient separately, I discovered John had dissolved magnesium sulphate in the liquid sweetener I use. Kudos to him for getting that by me for as long as he did, but slipping things into drinks is
Since Mycroft caught wind of their playtime, he'd been generously eager to supply discreet transportation to Little Sherlock's favourite haunts. On his own, John would never have thought to buy a car when work and the pubs were so close to Baker Street. The car stayed with Mycroft, or with whomever the driver was that worked for Mycroft, but a simple text from John's phone could have it waiting at the door within twenty minutes on any day of his and Sherlock's choosing.
I haven't really been good the past few weeks, so, everyone, enjoy reading of my springtime misbehaviour, including but not limited to:
Talk amongst the grown-ups this week has been "poor, depressed Sherlock this" and "have you found any more illicit that". And, during the conversations they think I can't hear, Mycroft's been trying to convince John to allow an all-expenses-paid holiday at home. As far as I can tell, John's haggled Mycroft down to one week instead of two and still hasn't said yes. Mycroft needs to learn to stop asking and just hide the cash somewhere, then tell John, "Oh, by the way, it's in your coat pocket," or, "it was in today's mail and you can't send it back," along with probably, "the call's already been made, the clinic won't be expecting you until next Monday." I can't believe that hasn't occurred to him yet. He stopped asking with me ages ago.
John beckoned him to follow back up the path again. "We've got to get going too, Sherlock. You still want to play on the swings, right?"
"NO POTTY!"
"Mmm?" Sherlock grunted and barely cracked his eyes open, then appeared to slip straight back into unconsciousness.
"Hey there, little boy," John murmured lovingly and rubbed Sherlock's chest to help wake him up fully. "You're stabilised now, so you're getting a short feeding. How does that sound, hm? Good job sleeping for so long."
Gently, John took the shirt from Sherlock and tucked it out of sight on the lower shelf of the side table.  He helped Sherlock get situated across John's lap, the baby's knees hanging over the side of the armchair.
Too soon, it was over. With all the troublesome wires gone, John and Mary were able to re-swaddle Sherlock.
Bashful, Sherlock procrastinated and rubbed his face into his knees. Something like a whine caught in his throat.
"Alright, you're Little still, are you?" he guessed.
Benedict, his back turned to Martin, was jiggling one of his legs, rapidly tapping his foot over and over and over and over on the mattress.
"John, if it's not too much trouble, I'd like you to ring my phone once approximately every two minutes, for the next hour. I won't pick up, but you should let it ring until the voicemail comes on."
"Hi, Mrs. H," John answered cheerfully.
"But I
John's voice grew a little warmer, more placating than insistent, "It's dinner time, Sherlock. Are you coming out? You've been hiding out in there all day."
"You're so jumpy today," John noted with worry. He rubbed the duckie flannel softly over Sherlock's chest and felt the baby's heart racing.
"Yes, for a long time," Mycroft drawled. John could picture him kicking back in his cushy office chair.
John left the flat. Sherlock finished colouring the page and reluctantly changed out of his onesie and diaper. He dragged on clean underwear, gray flannel bottoms, and his dressing gown.
less of you if that's the sort of thing you like. Whatever you do, it's fine. Now I want you to get some rest. Doctor's orders, alright? Goodnight."
Sherlock let John think he had woken late the next morning. How Sherlock really spent his morning was a secret.
Mummy - the biological one, and so far only one - has also been trying to shoehorn in the latest family gossip when she's able to get me on the phone (don't ask me why I bother picking up), but it's about Mycroft and the last thing I need to hear is more about his work. He's got some long-term travel arrangement going on right now, and Mummy's making a fretful mountain out of a peevish molehill, as usual. She still natters on about wanting him to find someone to settle down with, which is utter poppycock considering the obvious.
The side of the cot was down to allow John access to his patient. He had secretly been hoping to use the padded leather cuffs to bind Sherlock's wrists and ankles to the bars, but Sherlock was feeling so genuinely miserable that John would have felt guilty restricting his movement so much. Today was about comforting Sherlock and helping him to get better.
Kinda-sorta correlates to chapters 17/18 (winter holidays 2016) of The Blog.
. Remember to honour promised rewards to keep from bringing the wrath of mine tantrums upon thyself.
None of the interviewees on the telly shared Sherlock's demographic precisely, for which he was perversely grateful. It slimmed the likelihood of John connecting him to the practises depicted.
He cleared his throat, listened for movement behind him. The flat was eerily quiet.
Not fair, by the way.
John tried to check, "Are you a very little baby right now? Am I going to have to put you in nappies?"
He coaxed a groggy, uncoordinated Sherlock into a sitting position on the edge of the mattress, holding him close so they were chest to chest. John rubbed and patted Sherlock's bare back, gently burping him. Sherlock slumped against Daddy gratefully, soaking up the attention.
"I could've accidentally killed the toad, but I was very careful and I didn't," Sherlock pointed out, fishing for approval.
John drew back, apparently thinking Sherlock needed space. Sherlock's breath got shakier for a moment, something akin to shock settling in and preparing him to take John's rejection.
"Beeeeeee," Sherlock answered sadly, under his breath, unfurling the wrinkled bundle he'd had clutched to his chest.
. Actually, the killing thing was okay.
"Sherlock, you have to finish--"
Just when John was thinking Sherlock was still awfully responsive for such an ill, exhausted baby, he turned to look and saw that Sherlock had at last succumbed to sleep.
Daddy's fingers moved around for a while, twisting and sliding about. Before Sherlock could decide if he liked the sensation or not, Daddy slowly eased his fingers out and picked up the plastic stick.
Together, Daddy and Mary lifted Sherlock out of the cot and helped him settle with his legs around John's waist. John held him for a minute, allowing Mary time to situate herself in an oversized rocking recliner in the corner.
He sat up and took the glass from John, who stood by patiently and watched him drink.
"Can you show me?" John tried.
John blinked. "Er, yeah, actually that's exactly it. Habit of his, I take it?"
Sherlock cracked his sensitive eyes open partway and blearily watched as John picked up the stethoscope for a listen to Sherlock's insides.
"Aumm... bwuh? Nnnnyih." Sherlock babbled, sounding befuddled if not berated.
After a slow blink, Sherlock seemed to realise that he was indeed tired, and he nodded.
"No, it's set to vibrate."
Sherlock tucked the clean spoon in his fingers alongside the rim of the bowl, preparing to stand and leave with it. He hesitated, part of him wanting to stay and sit with John.
Tomorrow I'll probably take a walk in the morning, a sort of routine check-in with a few of my contacts, and then have a Busytown marathon so I stay out of trouble until John gets home. (The 1990s episodes, obviously; the remade series is absurdly dumbed down. Awful.)
Fridge open briefly, telly turned on. No paper or plastic rustling. No groceries or takeaway picked up on the way home.
Sherlock lied in bed awake for another hour and a half, listening to traffic and chirping birds, and wondered how he'd gotten any sleep at all.
"Were you measuring flaccid?" the doctor called over his shoulder.
Of course, this is Epsomite we're talking about, so he and I are both aware of its notorious effect as a laxative. No wonder it was making me 'go' so quickly.
John glanced around the now thoroughly decorated kitchen and living room, and said, "Yeah, I think we've filled the flat with all the Christmassy cheer it can hold. I can tuck this stuff away later. Let me know if there's anything from your part of the house that needs to go up too?"
"Well, if he's just playing pretend, it could be anything. Or nothing," she pointed out.
The big talk. Would John even bring it up, or did he decide in the night that the whole thing was too awkward and change his mind? Did John only capitulate the night before because Sherlock cried? Might today's discussion turn sour in some way that Sherlock failed to anticipate?
Finally, the heavy trickle died away. The dominant sounds in the cramped bathroom were of both men catching their breath and of Sherlock's ragged, unsuccessfully stifled crying.
It was something Mummy used to say when her children were especially small, sometimes in a cooing half-squeal to get them to smile. Sherlock much preferred to hear John say it, even though Sherlock wasn't sure how good Real-John's French was.
Sherlock saw it and mewled, looking panicky. Nothing coming out of a syringe dropper like that could possibly taste good.
I know I definitely needed clothes on at night to keep warm because Mummy steals the blankets in her sleep. She's like a power spool, gradually winding up the covers, whereas Daddy's more like a pillowy log the whole night. We did get me an extra blanket from the front desk the last night we were there, though.
Sherlock ducked his head, bashful under the much-craved praise, and John used the opportunity to kiss the top of Sherlock's head.
John turned, his eyes flying to the window. Still shut and latched on the inside, good.
Sherlock had been out long enough to completely fill the nappy in his sleep. He wasn't sure how he felt about not being able to remember releasing his bladder at all, but then Daddy took his mind off that with a very thorough changing. Sherlock cringed at the chill at first, but Daddy's hands were nice and warm; and someone had even pre-warmed the wipes.
John's Two Cents
She hated to bring it up again so soon, but it worried her.
"We agreed you would eat today," John reminded him sternly.
John gave Sherlock a suspicious look, not quite stifling a frustrated huff. He hoped for a more helpful answer. Either Sherlock wasn't exactly in pain, or he wanted John to play Twenty Questions because he wasn't up to speaking further.
Sherlock's mouth fell open in not quite a gasp. When he closed it again, his smile looked sweeter, his expression completely open. He looked
Mary stepped out of view, and a few moments later the quiet strains of Brahms' Lullaby filled the ward room.
Still slightly feverish, but not as bad as John feared.
Bright-eyed now, Sherlock took a hearty swig from his sippy cup, smacked his lips, and sighed in exaggerated satisfaction, "Ahhhhhhhh. Ah'feeeee."
"Bottle in car?" Sherlock parroted quizzically.
Ben bounced over to the wall chart next to the potty that had his name on it, and picked up a partially used-up sheet of stickers. This first time around, they were filling up
"Good thing the next one's a girl," she said with a wink.
"Fine," he mumbled. He slurped from his spoon, not caring of the rude noise he made.
..." this time it was a noise of indecision and frustration.
"It's a good thing he was found in time. Newborns wouldn't survive the night, out in this weather."
John sighed to his laptop as Sherlock reached their landing. It was just typical of Sherlock to use Little-space as a manipulation to excuse himself from having to perform basic chores.
Digging in his gown pocket for the lighter, Sherlock spat, "Your visual memory assessment of what it
- I tried to get off the toilet before I was done and Daddy had to hold me down
John took Sherlock's wrists and laid the baby's hands on his tummy, then reached down in front of Mary and pulled up the corner of the large blanket beneath Sherlock. He draped it over the baby and tucked it under Sherlock's opposite side, then pulled up the bottom corner to tuck around Sherlock's legs, and secured it all by bringing the corner on Sherlock's other side over and tucking that firmly around him too.
"Where's the laundry you were supposed to bring up with you, hm?" John asked in a 'helpful', reminding tone, automatically adjusting his voice to accommodate Sherlock's Littleness without even really intending to. There was John's daddying instinct kicking in, he supposed.
When Sherlock did not waver, John looked down at the detective's hand.
, Sherlock berated himself for the umpteenth time. He started crying all over again.
The difference was that, with the mushy puréed food, Sherlock would often unlatch after each sip in order to work the food back with his tongue. This resulted in a licking and smacking motion that John found adorable. For some reason, Sherlock also instinctually blinked nearly every time his tongue poked out. John had noticed before that it usually happened when Little Sherlock encountered tart flavours.
Doctor Daddy was going to poke him! Was it going to hurt? Pointy things usually hurted.
John sighed that familiar, frustrated sigh of his. "Sherlock, biscuits aren't dinner. Missus Hudson was out today and brought us back a carton of that squash soup she says you like. There's some honey ham, too. Come on out."
He gasped as John tugged the cylinder itself taut to make room for Mary to go in with another instrument and clamp an aluminium ring around the base of what was now one very distended bellybutton.
It was incredible how little grown-ups really knew.
John winced in sympathy, both at the story and at Mycroft's willingness to tell it.
"Were you having tummy trouble earlier, baby? Is that why you were biting things?"
John peeked out the bedroom door to see Sherlock stop at the pair of bags and point to them.
Knowing things would end ill either way, whether he refused to air his thoughts or not, John spoke up, "It's just... Sherlock, you know I've seen it. Repeatedly. Often. I think I'm a pretty good judge of how big it is."
This. Sherlock regressed into Little headspace because he was feeling yucky, and John deciding that Irene's clinic, being so well supplied now, was better accommodation than 221B when it came to caring for an ill, Little Sherlock.
He returned his attention to the TV set before his inability to deduce John drove him bonkers.
John nodded in understanding and coaxed her out of the flat with a few more gentle words. He had noticed Sherlock's mannerisms changing slightly as the holiday trimmings went up and realised the detective was involuntarily slipping into Little headspace. It remained to be seen whether Sherlock was slipping into Toddler Mode or would mentally regress all the way to his tiny baby state.
Don't kill me. I just write the stuff. For entertainment purposes only, pure fiction, never happened (to my knowledge), etc, etc.
Maybe part of why I was fussy last night was because the spiders have started to find their way indoors again. John and I went all summer and autumn without seeing a single one indoors, but then yesterday I saw an enormous one in the front hall and found another inside our flat. I'm not fond of arachnids. Having to dispose of the second one on my own may have been what tipped my mental balance into being Little and agitated for the rest of the evening. Normally, Daddy takes care of the spiders or other crawlies, unless they're work-related.
Daddy said I should post my last texts to Molly here because I was kind of in Little mode when I sent them and they're amusing.
Then Sherlock was reaching up desperately to him, all runny nose and tear-stained everything, pleading, "Da-da!" as if his life depended on John.
He watched John's expression change; John definitely noticed Sherlock looked more unwell than he did an hour ago.
It didn't sink into Sherlock's infantile mind what 'this' was until Mary was holding his thorax still again and Daddy's gloved hands were poised over his bellybutton with a sharp-looking needle on the end of an intravenous line pointing straight at the sensitive hole.
He swallows, pacing frantically in front of the windows. This is going to be hard, very hard, even harder than the fucking speech and that was a tough one. But he could always rely on his mind, on his big fucking brain, and he will put it to good use. He remembers half-forgotten deductions about different scenarios, how he used to play through various possibilities until he found the only one that made sense. This is what he is going to do.
“Giving yourself away by running.“
”Sherlock. John is a soldier.“
He could not think of any more idioms and the basic message was clear: You had your chances and did not grab them.
“Hm, those travel guides. I had one about Greece once … ah, now I see. An anonymous travel author. Clever.“ He closed the suitcase. “So let’s get a cab.“
I walk to the bed and remain standing, not knowing what to do when I realise that John tries to touch my hand. I pull the chair closer and sit down, gripping his hand with both of mine.
He shakes his head and lights his pipe again, closes his eyes, lets himself sink into the chair.
John took his time, not sure about what to do next. He could not bear the thought of going to sleep with this - whatever it was - standing between them. The whole Venice thing had been a mistake, John’s clumsy attempt at showing Sherlock what he felt and what he was unable to express with words.
I try to create the illusion that this is for Mary. ”You are safe now, John“ would have been the truth but I do not want him to feel guilty or indebted to me.
I need a case in Venice. SH
I cannot remember owing you one.
“Where on earth did you get this?"
I sit up to get a better look at him. His face is open and vulnerable, no room for playful banter now. I put my hands around his head and stroke my thumbs over his lips, very lightly, and then I lean forward and press my mouth to his and in his response there is all the heartbreak and the suppressed feelings of years welling up from deep down and he comes apart in my arms.
This is not Sherlock but a statue, attached to monitors and IV lines disappearing into various parts of his body.
Half an hour later he is desperate.  At his wit’s end. He has found nothing.
Yes. SH
), rusty red earth, green foliage, a sky so blue that it hurts the eyes. No wonder so many painters felt drawn to this part of France. Summer, not really the right time for Provence, too hot, and he has always disliked heat, but this is the only place he can bear to be.
‘I was so angry when you waltzed into that restaurant, playing a French waiter, for God’s sake, after having put me through hell for two years. I was as good as dead myself, worse than after Afghanistan, worse than before I met you because I had met you and I knew what my life could be like and that it was over and would never come back.
He looks at the back of the canvas. 350 Euros. ‘Do you take credit cards? Or I could pop into the bank and get the cash.’
On Wednesday Sherlock exploded.
. Janine falling in love with me and believing I would ask her to marry me.
‘He has … things … on her.’
Sherlock tries to concentrate on the pile of old cases, stacked-up folders and cardboard boxes Lestrade had carried up the seventeen stairs to 221B and which he has brought here in a rented Citroën. Some are from the 1920s, exuding traces of Shalimar and sweaty jazz and the tinkling of crystal chandeliers. There is one unsolved chain of murders from the long Edwardian summer before 1914 and even a child kidnapping which took place in 1853. Nothing manages to hold his attention.
Sangfroid in front of a wedding party, emanating pure hatred.
”So what?“
He starts to descend the ladder, gripping the rungs as if there was a thousand feet drop beneath him, when he sees it.
He does not admit to himself what it is he is searching for. But he is sure he will recognise it the moment he finds it.
John is there. There is always two of them.
It comes as a surprise. Not that she is clad all in black, holding a silenced gun – Walther PPK, his mind palace willingly provides – small smile playing around her lips. Not that she shoots him. Not that she apologises for doing so although she is not sorry. Not really.
He was standing with his back to John, bow in one hand, violin in other, not turning around. "Yes, John?"
I still feel John‘s goodbye kiss on my lips and for the first time I am free to think about what is between us, this one thing I did not let myself hope for and which has happened anyway. Maybe was always meant to happen.
“No, I haven’t. Why should I? I never had a case in Venice.“
She gets up. ‘Come with me.’
“What are you talking about?“
“As you know, I usually don’t wear any pants when attending palaces."
‘That night I lay in bed, Sherlock, wide awake, thinking of you. My whole brain kept circling around one question. Why now? Why not a year before? Or even six months? Why not before Mary? You see, I am not a good man. A good man would have been happy to have his best friend back and a lovely woman at his side. But I was not happy after that day’ - he hesitates- ‘although this is not quite true. There were some happy moments. The moment I touched your knee in front of the fireplace. The moment you put your arm on the headrest behind me when we were sitting on the couch. The moments you taught me how to dance in our living room. Closed curtains, I know, but still. And when we hugged at the wedding. The collection of John Watson’s Happy After-The-Fall-Moments is quite small but it is precious to me. And you know what? There is not a single moment with my wife in it.’
”What is it?“
”Yes.“
”Does that answer your question?“ he asks after a while.
“Oh, it’s Christmas“, cried Sherlock.
I really do not want to dwell on everything that happened afterwards, it is too painful right now, but I cannot escape the memories. Me offering Mary a way out and hurting John more than I could bear. Trying to make John stay with her because I know I will not be there for quite some time.
God, did he look good! The suit looked tailor-made on him, cool, understated, just on the right side of tight-fitting.
The room seemed like a meadow of black dinner suits dotted with flowers in the form of shimmering evening gowns in all colours of the rainbow. The waiters were wearing powdered wigs, brocade coats and knee breeches and served champagne in glasses that alone must have cost a fortune.
Sherlock looked down, clearly embarrassed. “Because it was Venice."
I shrug. ”Not really my area, children, but I can learn a lot of things very quickly.“
He is laughing. ”Sometimes even I see
He is gripping my upper arms and carefully turns me around until we face each other. ”Sherlock, what is all this about?“ His left hand cups my face, the thumb softly stroking my lips.
A median sternotomy is not something I would willingly suffer again. The scar running down the middle of my sternum reminds me of the Y- or T-shaped incisions Molly performs on the dead bodies in her morgue, and while they never really bothered me before, it is a decidedly unpleasant experience to wake up after this procedure and have to go on breathing. Or moving. Or living at all.
Sherlock’s eyes are open. Slightly unfocussed. Lips still moving. John carefully places an ice cube against Sherlock’s lips. He hesitantly licks the cube, water slowly dripping down over his chin and John’s fingers. One minute, two minutes. Then he turns his head away.
‘Sherlock, I just realised we only hugged once. Once in all these years. Which is weird because best friends hug each other all the time. It is something you do, when saying hello after some time or to congratulate someone on a new baby or a new job or when your team has scored a goal or to comfort your mate when life is shit. But with us, it was different.  And you know what? It was me who did not want it, who shied away from it. Never you. You kept touching my arm to alert me to things, had me dig your phone out of your breast pocket or leant closely over my shoulder to have a look at the laptop. You were the one who took my hand when we were running away from the police. It was always me who tried to keep his distance. Because I was afraid of people talking, of maybe feeling something I did not want to feel, of giving myself away’- he laughs sadly- ‘you know, I enjoy sex. Very much and as often as possible. But intimacy, well that’s another matter.’
And then another, even worse, thought enters my head. I simply assumed that his was the voice of reason, that common sense is dictating him to go back to his pregnant wife and give her a second chance.
‘What is happening? His fever is not that high.’ John is looking at Gemma Wood,the consultant, mid-thirties, red hair, pageboy hairstyle, competent and nice, pointing at the heart monitor with its spiking line.
“Come on, John, up you go. Shall I help you packing?“
Before Sherlock was shot.
‘This is not a fucking overdose! He was shot!’
The first words are difficult, John is not really good at talking about this stuff. Feelings. Regrets. Hopes. Fears. But suddenly a dam breaks, giving way to a flood that does not stop until it has run itself dry.
Mycroft Holmes has naturally pale skin like most redheads have but now he looks positively ashen. ‘A gun?’
Hiding in plain sight.
He stood in the dimly lit hallway in front of his room, key in hand. He looked to the right. Made some steps in that direction. Sherlock was behind that door, doing whatever he did when he was - sad? pissed off? hurt?
I had deduced that much but what sort of bedside manner is this?
“I know“, Sherlock said. “Romance."
The attic is dusty and cluttered, full of  useless stuff they just put up there in the hope it would magically disappear. Did not work, though. They have been living together for less than two years and yet they have accumulated so much junk.
No, she will go for a verbal threat, hoping to placate him until he either dies or gets well enough to negotiate.
He gets up and starts pacing the cold room, hands in pockets, no noise from the outside, no horses' hooves on the cobbles, no cries of street vendors, no shrill whistles of the city’s policemen. Must be late at night then.
Mycroft has turned strangely quiet, turning a pen in his hands.
Miss me?
Which earned him a slightly confused look he chose to ignore.
What follows is a jumbled melodrama: shattered glass, shadows of a bride, a member of the gentry stabbed with a dagger, a message to himself.
”Listen, John, over the last years you have - I mean we both have made sacrifices. Again and again. Risked our lives for each other. Jumped from roofs.“ Been alone in hell for two years, I think, but do not say it out loud. ”The Magnussen thing. And now you … you were willing to give away your own child.“ I am still trying to wrap my head around it. ”Or at least for some time. Or share the upbringing with your sister and her partner. Whatever. We should stop this. Making sacrifices. Or only if necessary. I think I am getting too old for all that crap.“ I nod vaguely towards his leg and take a deep breath. ”This is not going to be easy but … if you are willing to stay with me, I will be there for Lily, too. This makes four of us. “Not even counting Mrs Hudson.“
Sherlock manages a nod. His brain is still fuzzy; he is floating on a cloud of morphine but he is awake. His mouth is still terribly dry but he has to try.
How did this happen? Because I chose to care? Because I stopped keeping my distance? Because I got involved? Because I am in love?
He feels humiliated, laughed at, despised, belittled.
“No“, he gasped, “thank you. I’m fine. Just a bit dusty in here. So you were talking about the films …“
Everything goes to plan. Well, nearly everything. He has to go hospital again, relapse due to physical exertion, prolonged recovery. How long? His head starts to hurt and he has to sit down and pull a blanket over himself because it is so very cold in here, no fire burning, just cold ashes and dust.
“John, good to see you. Glad you found your way back. I was just packing but there was no shirt left, so we will have to do some shopping tomorrow before going to the airport …“
He absently strokes Sherlock’s hand.  ’Some girlfriends complained about it. Sorry for bringing this up’- he clears his throat- ‘what I want to tell you is this...’ His eyes have started to burn and he sits there, still stroking Sherlock’s hand and then he can feel the wetness on his cheeks.
"I am going out. There was to be an Amazon delivery, Christmas present for Harry. Could you please accept it for me?" He was already opening the door and zipping his jacket when he heard Sherlock’s deep voice. Just one word.
Getting into the office, neutralising Janine and the security guard in the few moments between me showing Janine the ring and riding the elevator up to the penthouse.
Maybe I should really stop lying to John Watson.
“I … I just wanted to say …"
And then he creates the video.
Back to work.
The house stands on the outskirts of Saint-Rémy-de-Provence. As a boy, he used to accompany Grandmère to the market where she chose the finest fruit and vegetables, the tastiest cheese and juiciest meat and never ever let herself be outsmarted by the traders. As far as he knows, she never set foot into a supermarket in all her life.
‘I see. These scars were probably caused by violent beatings and not treated appropriately or in time. But surely you can see that for yourself. So at some point Mr Holmes has been the victim of one or several attacks. The fact that the scars are only on his back indicates that he had been constrained in some way which, in turn, indicates that he must have been a prisoner. Probably not in a British prison since to my knowledge torture has been forbidden for quite some time.’
Later John gets up to fetch a wet cloth and a blanket which he wraps around us after he has cleaned me up and it is not awkward, not in the least.
”Come here so I can see you.“
and eats it dry. Drinks some water. He cannot be bothered to make coffee. He remembers the strange sound that woke him during the night. He walks around the house, looking for footprints, but the earth is scorched and does not yield any clues. No prints from tyres, car or bicycle, either. Probably a nocturnal animal in front of the window.
Oh, shit. Foot in the mouth, once again. Sherlock cursed himself.
”I am so sorry. I have been here most of the time but I had to make a call …“
“No problem, signori, I will take care of that. You will not hear a word from Maldini.“
“So, this Travelonymous. How are we going to look for him?"
I do not hesitate one moment, grab the gun from John‘s pocket, deliver an overly dramatic line
This is rock bottom. He smiles at his own pun. Lying on the hard, wet ground, clothes soaked to the bone, attacked by his own weakness and fear and inability to overcome that very fear. He realises that he has never really fought against a man, but always against himself. He let himself be lured into the game, was flattered to be the object of such an intricate plan, such a work of beauty. Crimes made to measure, puzzles only he could solve.
‘I’ve just got one.’
Then there was a knock at the door.
A soft, popping sound, nothing more. Someone not accustomed to hearing weapons fired might not have noted it at all but John was once a soldier and he knows exactly what a silenced gun sounds like.
He remembers the dungeon-like padded cell and chained Moriarty - how very Victorian - how much he hated Moriarty drooling over him, the horrible stench of his breath, his flamingly insane eyes but, mad as he may be, it was he who gave Sherlock what he needed – an incentive to live.
But he needs more, he needs a trigger, something as disgusting as the man himself. Imagine Magnussen humiliating John, hurting him, John turning to Sherlock for help because he must have a plan, he always has. Why did John choose him of all people to trust?
He takes his gild-edged, leather-bound notebook and a pen and carefully writes down a heading, underlines it for the sake of importance.
Something changes, a telegram from Mary. This is not the way this is meant to go but he cannot help himself. He is trusting her again, coming to her aid, saving her from an imagined danger while all the time she has been working with Mycroft behind his back – where does this come from? Is he still feeling guilty over hurting John that much? Still wishing for John to find happiness in normal life? But why does he want to push John towards a woman who is still keeping things from him, who is still a question mark? Who...
“So what do you say?“
Snatches of what he read last night on the Internet come back to him.
‘She can read the sad little doctor like a book. Always the right words or plans to distract him from what is eating him from the inside. And when his detective friend, the one he mourned, suddenly returns from the dead, she becomes his friend as well. She even helps the detective to save the sad little doctor when he gets kidnapped and thrown into a bonfire. Imagine that! Because. She. Is. So. Clever. Right?’
Next the perfume in the flat, the projector opposite the empty houses – he is very proud to have come up with those. Of course, there are no real houses there, just a 5 feet wall and a precipice with two parallel Underground tracks in it, but Sherlock lovingly furnishes his bolthole, adds a little chemistry lab and even an armchair, a bit like the one he has in his Victorian living room. And of course John, with mussed hair and upturned collar, Sherlock-style.
Sherlock stands there and keeps looking out over the little town and the white cliffs peeping through grass scorched yellow and trees desperately clinging to their leaves.
- now that the train has left the station.
“Fine. Single rooms are nice as well. Not as nice as double but nice enough."
‘Sometimes it takes a leap into the unknown. Uncharted waters. Paths you have not walked before.’ She laughs, slightly embarrassed. ‘Now look at me, waxing poetical while I should have been on to the next ward twenty minutes ago.’
He follows her into the gallery. It is light and airy, unpolished floorboards, white walls, nothing to distract from the paintings.
The laughter is as involuntary as inevitable. She looks at him inquisitively.
I still do not look at him. ”Her name is Lily.“
John‘s head snaps up. He does not answer and there is something in his face I cannot explain.
I am sweating and trembling and then I start to laugh almost hysterically. ”I was just thinking of something I once said to Mycroft. About your moustache. I said that I couldn‘t be seen wandering around with an old man. And now look at me …“
“Well, stuff.“ Sherlock emphasised his words with a fluttering gesture of his hand. “And he forces me to watch them together with him.“
Sherlock blinked and raked a hand through his hair. “Yes.“ That was all he said.
He ends the call. His tone of voice does not bode well.
”Did you really believe I was going to buy your act?
Too late. But there is no use in berating Mycroft for choosing an idiot to observe the hotel.
On Thursday, just when Sherlock thought it could not get any worse, he was proven wrong.
But there is another danger to John. Mary threatened to kill everyone who came between her and the man she loves, who made John stop loving her. So what if John himself stops loving her?
John falling to the floor, blood pooling under his leg, a whole lake of blood that threatens to drown us both -
“What is this film even about?“ scoffed Sherlock and threw a balled sock at the television. “People behaving ridiculously and sleeping in the streets of a half-sunken Godforsaken city because they got lost after being invited by some creepy guy I would not have followed two metres in broad daylight, much less into his shady bar. And his father was obviously a sadist. I would not have expected ever to utter these words but can we please continue the Doctor Who marathon?"
When I sink to my knees in front of the helicopter I can feel the wetness on my cheeks. I have not cried since that day on the roof, not once.
What if Magnussen was not so very much unlike himself? What if he had a mind palace of his own? Actually, this would be clever because if there were no archives or vaults in which he stores his knowledge, nobody would ever be able to steal it. His assets hidden safely in his own brain. Clever.
She smiled wistfully. “John, you remember the Christmas party when Sherlock got so angry because you wanted to visit your sister instead of spending the holidays with him and he deduced my present and said all those bad things? And only then he grasped that the present was for him and he apologised with a kiss? I guess this is exactly the same thing. Just without the kiss.“
So he just said: “Thank you, but it’s fine, it really is.“
‘Oh, I forgot to tell you - this reprint is exactly the same size as the original painting from the Museum of Modern Art in New York.’
‘I touched you when you came back, right? Throwing you to the floor, hands around your throat, my fist in your face, my head … giving you what I thought you deserved.’ The bitterness is threatening to engulf him. ‘You know what you deserved? A punch to the face, and then a hug. But you only got one half of the deal.’
Sherlock tries to get back to the Victorian living-room with its cold fireplace but somehow he has got stuck.
I feel my consciousness fading again but I want to stay awake. There is something that bothers me and it has to do with John. And then I know.
When we are alone, I try to read John‘s face but the strange look from before has disappeared. As has the frown. He seems softer and a bit older, more John. He sits in the chair beside my bed, supporting his elbows on his knees, his chin on his folded hands.
“You are the living proof, aren’t you?“
But then there is a dog barking and a light moving in the courtyard and the moment is gone.
Why is he at the door? This is his flat after all. But of course he has to survey the room and needs a sturdy doorframe to hold on to, especially in case your … best friend threatens to kill you again because his own wife killed you before.
I know what it means and yet I ask: ”You think she left him?“
“Oh, fuck.“ It came out as a moan. John slapped his hand against his forehead.
He is just standing there, looking at me, his face a strange mixture of contempt and compassion.
But this - not wanting to delete things he needed. It was not the words, those were quite typical of Sherlock, it was the way he had spoken them. As if he was not talking about accumulated random knowledge that might come in handy one day but about something else.
In the afternoon Sherlock walks the short distance into town, mainly to distract himself but also to buy some food. Now that he is living alone again he puts more attention to feeding himself because he must. It seems he cannot shed his inner Doctor.
“To think that I nearly gave him the address of Luigi Betti’s secret dining place. Best food in Venice, four tables in a private apartment where Casanova once lived. Mr Holmes, Dr Watson, you saved both my money and my reputation. How can I express my gratitude?"
John starts searching frantically through boxes, plastic bags, under heaps of old bed sheets and in a sleeping bag no one has slept in for years. He starts coughing, has to wipe tears from his eyes.
"Where are you going?"
So, hospital. ICU. The warm electric smell of medical equipment and a trace of Eternity by Calvin Klein. Female nurse or doctor. Three, no, four bags on the I.V. pole. No pain. So morphine via PCA again.
”Why did you come?“
But John married that wife.
And even earlier, the remark about the confidante, a word he would never use himself. A word for spies and agents and people who work undercover, in a world of darkness and deceit.
I look up in alarm because by now I know every inflection of John‘s voice and I know when something big is going to happen. This is one of those times.
With cold dread I remember my haughty words from the evening we broke into Magnussen‘s office.
When John goes home in the evening to get some hours rest, Mary is not there. He finds a note on the kitchen table:
‘I could say sorry and explain why I have been the way I am and that this is not how I want us to be but I know that you are not fond of sentimental crap so I will start again. I need you to wake up because I have a case for you.’
”Leave me alone.“
“Do you think he’s in there?“ John asked when they had casually passed by the house.
Fifteen minutes later Angelo’s phone pinged with another message:
Mr Blaine’s face was very red by now, a fact that both Sherlock and John completely ignored.
John nods, lost for words. Sherlock being shot is bad enough. But to learn that he has been the subject of violence, probably torture, is unbearable.
I swallow, feeling very silly all of a sudden. ”Sometimes I wish I was making no progress at all. That I could remain like that, an old man who needs help, who needs someone around him all the time.“
‘Too.’
‘John, you keep evading my questions.’
”Dr Watson, I know you and the patient are good friends but talking to him like that is not exactly advisable regarding his condition.“
There is always a downside to saving John Watson.
A cake of your choice. SH
Sherlock finds himself strangely restless. He takes a shower, puts on shorts and a T-shirt and starts walking to the end of the garden. There is a little gate in the wall behind which a path leads to a small forest of oaks. It is already hot but the trees provide at least some shade. The gravel crunches beneath his feet and he is walking like an automaton, almost as if driven by a force he cannot resist. He knows where he is going and does not at the same time.
His face though …
”… the chase?“ I offer.
on a plate. Grandmère’s old porcelain with the faded fleur de lys. Very French.
It was more than impressive. Sconces in the walls holding flickering torches, the smell of oriental perfumes filling the air, swing music with a classical touch in the background, loud enough to dance but not too loud to prevent intimate conversations.
”Just one thing.“
He lets Sherlock’s hand go and buries his face in his hands, scrubbing away unshed tears.
No, I am telling myself. Because I went away. Because I disappeared from a life I loved and when I returned found that what had kept me alive during my absence was not there anymore.
“You. In whatever way I can have you.“
By now John was exasperated. "Could you please explain what this is all about? This is not because of a fucking parcel, right? What have I done to offend His Highness? Have I been more idiotic than even a saint like you can bear? Or was it the fact that I went to the Yard’s Christmas party instead of watching a documentary on fungus growth on organic matter with you? Or did I insult your brother once too often?"
John walks back to the hospital, wearing himself out in order to overcome his anger. He feels slightly dizzy, his head is pounding, he can fell sweat trickling down his back. His fingernails biting into the flesh.
So Magnussen starts flicking John’s face, belittling him, threatening to tear his future to shreds, enticing him to let it happen for Mary’s sake.
So Mary is a liar after all. Her stance, her cold demeanour, the precision of her shot – not killing him at once, not shooting him in the head because, this way, it would buy her time to escape. John would care for him, try to save his life, call an ambulance instead of running behind the killer – all this tells him she must be a professional, maybe a secret agent gone rogue, acquainted with stealthy operations, changing identities, playing a part, shooting a gun.
I do not even care to take a shower, blindly put on some clothes and stumble down the stairs. Mycroft knows better than trying to stop me when I am in this kind of mood.
‘And you think …’ he has to start again, his voice sounding strangely hoarse, ‘you think that all this might have caused this condition?’
”I know.“
The moment Magnussen opens the doors and sits down in the chair I know. Long before John. He looks at me with an icy nonchalance and I relive some moments of the past.
On the other hand, there is this nagging fear. Will John ever be safe with her? Will there be people from her past, chasing her, finding her buried deeply in suburbia with her doctor husband and child? Will they take their revenge by killing her? Or taking her baby? Or even … no, he must not think about that.
There is a black hole in my mind that sucked up everything from the paramedics arriving in Baker Street to me waking up two days after surgery. And when I finally wake up I am alone.
He shakes his head. ‘No. He did not tell me and I … you know … we once have been close but this was before he … went away.’
”Just taking a nap.“
Translation:
“Thank you."
“But … I thought you were a romantic. I said so at your wedding and you did not disagree.“
”You know we must talk. No, this once I will talk and you are going to listen. I am not going back after you have recovered. I don‘t care whether I can stay here or will have to find another flat, but I‘m not going back. To her.“
Sherlock observed how John’s face suddenly turned red. He looked at the floor, hand flexing awkwardly. His adam’s apple moved when he gulped.
“But the sun …?“
He frowns and presses his lips together so that they blend into a thin, angry line. He nods to the PCA. ”Without that thing you would be screaming. They had to cut open your sternum to repair the damage. It will be weeks before you can breathe or move without pain.“
Where did this come from? He is not a religious man but his parents took him to church and at school they used to read the Bible; and sometimes Scripture is surprisingly to the point.
For a moment Sherlock allows himself the impossible dream of John coming to save him, of John throwing Moriarty over the edge and Sherlock throwing away his stupid hat – the How People Want To See Him hat - and jumps into a new life.
He flinches from the soft female voice that suddenly sounds very close to him. ‘Starry Night, oil on canvas, 1889. I am sure you know it.’ She speaks good English with a French accent.
He is eager to return to the hospital but he has to seize the opportunity. Had anyone told him only days ago that Mary being with a friend would ever become an opportunity to search his own house … but that was before.
“Oh.“ He knew John meant a lot to Sherlock but this was the first time he was so open about it. Usually these two would have bitten off their tongues before uttering something emotional. “What’s the matter with John? Is he ill?“
She leans towards him, speaks in a low, very soft voice. ‘I have watched you since he was admitted. A lot. It is my job to observe the environment of our patients, their family and friends and how they react to an illness or injury. Because this is important for the healing process and … other things but I do not have to tell you this.’
John should be able to distance himself, he is a professional after all, but this is different. This time he is just John Watson, not an army doctor, not a GP, just John Watson, a friend.
The first time, it meant going away for two years, coming back and realising he would not be getting his old life back. The landscape had shifted, people were not what they had been before. Maybe he should have stayed away for good.
With the merest hint of a smile he puts away the phone, washes his hands and starts to unwrap the package. The canvas has been carefully fixed to a wooden frame so the picture really does not need a conventional frame. He gets the toolbox, measures the distance between two spots, applies a mechanic’s level, chooses two sturdy nails, and starts hammering them into the whitewashed wall.
”What‘s the matter?“
He looks away.
“You have been to Afghanistan, John. I suppose you will survive Venice in May without wearing a basecall cap.“ He sounded deeply offended. “I can’t be seen running around with a tourist.“
John stood up.
"Quite the contrary. Insult away where Mycroft is concerned, the more, the better."
“Oh, no, Sherlock! You are not going to solve another dominatrix case for him or one which lands us in a mouldy swimming-pool with a criminal megalomaniac who wants to get into your pants!"
No! Something is wrong. Sherlock slaps his cheeks to rouse himself from his self-pitying trance. Think, he tells himself frantically, just think!
He looks up, knowing that his whole heart is mirrored in his face. ‘And if it is not?’
John nods his head. Remembers all the things he left out, he could not tell her – dancing in the darkened living room, putting his hand on Sherlock’s knee in front of the fireplace, hugging him for the first time in his life, feeling the tension in Sherlock’s body –
And now Sherlock thought he was mourning after Mary and that he wanted to relive the good old honeymoon times on cloud nine - not that there had been a cloud nine honeymoon, the dreams had started after two days in Venice and there had not been a single day at their home in the suburbs that had been half as funny or exciting as the most boring Sunday in Baker Street … anyway.
”So from now on I am going to slay dragons in Eastern Europe.“
I count the days in the calendar. Check the expected date of delivery. That was two days ago. Daily examinations now, CTG. I pace the flat, from the door to the window to the fireplace to the kitchen, start experiments and throw them away after having ruined them. I cannot concentrate. Will it always be like this from now on?
From his window he can see the undulating landscape, the incredible, larger-than-life hues of colour - sprawling fields of blooming lavender (
Too late, a voice in my head keeps saying, it happened years too late. If I had told him before I … went away, or even after I came back. But before I did not fully realise how I felt and later there was Mary and he seemed happy with her.
I am getting nearly mad with boredom. Two cases from Lestrade, a 4 and 4.5. I even left the house for them just to keep myself from shooting the walls. I am bored enough to wish for a moment that Moriarty‘s resurrection had not been Mycroft‘s last minute stunt to save the dragonslayer but real. Then at least I would have had something to look forward to …
“Nice and warm, darling, twenty-five degrees Celsius and sunny“, she called from the living-room.
“Oh indeed, Mrs Hudson. And now please pull up the weather forecast and tell me if I have to pack a T-shirt.“ He pronounced the word as if it was a growth of mould on his toast. “Not that I have one.“
Gemma listens to him, interrupting him not even once, sitting there quietly, hands folded in her lap, head slightly tilted to the right.
‘No, thank you, perhaps another day.’ He is suddenly very anxious to take his picture home. So he clamps the package under one arm which is a bit awkward because of its size, grabs his paper bag, says goodbye and leaves. He does not even notice that he did not introduce himself to Juliette.
“He did what?"
And there it is again, the sense of hurt and betrayal I remember from that night. His voice, his face, his foot kicking the chair - and Mary standing there like a statue, waiting, dismissive, calculating.
observe. After I said I knew that I had to go back to her your breathing changed, became halting. You swallowed hard. You were thinking of losing me which distressed you but there was more. So what might distress you even more than me going back to Mary because we are expecting a child? Me going back to her because I want to, because I want her. You should know one thing - I am never going to love her again.“
He goes deeper still. Free fall. Landing hard on wet rock. A roaring waterfall behind him, the spray soaking him instantly.
But then Sherlock had been quite gruff this morning, and John would not look a gift horse in the mouth.
“Of course, it’s fine.“
‘Oh, the van Gogh, yes.’ He clears his throat. ‘I am not very familiar with his work. Not at all, to be honest. I … this just reminded me of someone, something.’ To his eternal embarrassment he finds himself blushing.
I move liked an old man, supporting myself on walls and shelves and the backrests of both our chairs. In the beginning the pain is so intense that I have to force myself to breathe regularly when I am moving. I can feel John‘s eyes on me wherever I go and it makes me self-conscious.
These are things John has never told anyone, has not even dared to voice while being alone.
‘What? Sorry, I got distracted for a moment.’
Sherlock is trying not to hear the moans, the groans, Mary swearing, John talking to her in his best bedside manner, hiding his own nervousness because his daughter is going to be born in a fucking car in a fucking London tunnel, of all things.
“He said he was truly sorry. Out of the blue. After ranting about the films which he compared to a new form of torture. He suddenly got very still and then he apologised."
"However, I still wish you to find another flat, just so we are clear."
And what do I get in return?
“Does it really matter? This is a case of national urgency!“
It is strange what a place can do to the mind. He gets calmer by the minute just by walking through the quiet streets until he reaches Place Jules Pelissier with its light golden buildings and shady plane trees and its dolphin fountain. The dolphins’ tails are intertwined, eternally connected.
‘Do you know what happened to him during the years he was away?’
”Just fucking get me there!,” I bellow. ”And don‘t you dare to barge in with your troops!“
John tries very hard not to cry in front of  Sherlock, ’lets talk about this when you are better’ - he gets up from his chair- ‘I will look for Gemma, your doctor. She will be happy to know you woke up. You gave us a right puzzle.’
After this there are no words for quite some time.
So is John, at least from a medical point of view. As long as there is no brain damage – and John really hopes there is not and actually Sherlock’s heart did not stop that long to suggest such an assumption – he should have woken up by now.
‘Sherlock, I need you to wake up. Please. I know you suffered a terrible shock and you are in pain but please, for me.’
“Is this an experiment, or what?“ Sherlock demanded over breakfast on Friday morning. “How long does it take to drive a consulting detective round the bend and let his mind palace crumble to dust? Is this a new form of the Chinese water torture? Dripping crappy films about a crumbling city, people for some reason seem to find romantic, on the head on your long-suffering flatmate?"
‘Sherlock? Can you hear me?’ John looks at the monitors, everything is fine. Pulse almost normal.
"So what is it that you could give me?"
He started walking, not sure where he had to go but soon the streets got livelier and he looked for signs that could lead him back to the hotel. He found his way to the Piazza San Marco with the brightly-lit Caffè Florian and from there to the Ponte Accademia and their hotel.
“Well.“ Sherlock cleared his throat, sounding strangely shy. “I see. I am sorry, John, I truly am.“
There is something in the back of this throat that does not want to go away. There is dust in his eye although no wind is stirring.
This knowledge combined with the eerie silence in the room made him run to the stairs, bursting into the room – a bedroom? – and finding a cruel variation on the worst moment of his life.
"And you are the meanest arsehole I have ever met!"
“No, he’s fine. This is he would be fine if he did not keep watching those films.“
Once I have his information on Mary, she will be free. So will John. But there is still the baby.
I put my hands around his face. ”You mad fucking bastard. You are not going to die on me, not after all the shit I did to keep you from dying. I jumped a fucking roof, I went into a padded cell and had dead Jim Moriarty drooling over me. I hate you, John Watson, I hate you so much.“
I lean forward in my seat. ”How long?,” I ask the driver.
John allows himself a little smile, remembering how Sherlock used to talk even when John was not there.
‘Beautiful, isn’t it?’ asks John.
I remember my first deductions, all those small details about her life and there in the midst the one word I saw but did not observe. Human error, this time on my part.
John laughed. “How could I disagree with my best man during his speech?“ He dug his hands into his pockets and walked on, slowly, head thoughtfully bent. “I never told you but it was beautiful. The speech, you know. The beginning was … um … very much you, but then … all the things you said. I never really thanked you for that and I’d like to do that now.“
”Because then I could keep you forever.“
”To Mary, I suppose.“ I do not recognise my own voice.
Her look is impenetrable but friendly. ‘May I offer you a cup of coffee? It is only my second day here and I am glad about every customer. Which does not mean you have to buy anything, no pressure.’
”How are you feeling?“
, drinks two cups of coffee. He looks at the old calendar on the wall. 1989, the year Grandmère died. Nobody has taken it down, freezing time within the house forever. But it does not feel odd or uncomfortable to stay in a house in which it will be always 1989. He does not mind these things.
She puts her hands gently on Sherlock’s left shoulder and hip and slightly turns him to the right.
“Well, it was far better than a candlelight cruise in a gondola“, said John.
Sherlock was nowhere to be seen. John went to the reception, got his key and asked casually if Mr Holmes had returned.
“No cap!“
“Yes. He forces me to watch them with him and this morning I got a bit fed up with it. Four evenings in a row, this is getting slightly obsessive. I was a bit not nice about it and then I suddenly realised he did the same with Mary.“
He swallows. Before the fall – he still finds it hard to think of that time, to dress the unspeakable in simple words – he had seen Sherlock’s naked back more than once. No scars then. No new injuries since his return last November, he would have noticed. So it must have happened in between, during what John called, as he now shamefully remembers, ‘playing hide and seek’.
Sherlock looked away. “Neither have I.“
John gently shoved him into the room and closed the door behind them.
The doctors are not sure what is going on. Sherlock’s vitals are good, no danger there. He is running a fever, true, which might be expected in cases of massive internal injuries, and there was the flatline and the consumption of hard drugs on the day of the shooting but they still seem to be baffled.
The steps moved over to his door. Paused.
‘What exactly is your relationship with Sherlock Holmes?’
Sherlock, glass in hand, kept looking around, probably searching for the elusive Travelonymous. John, glass in hand, kept looking at Sherlock.
Something like a smile appears on Sherlock’s face. ‘Other reason.’
He swallows. ’And you think I am?’
I nod, not finding the right answer to that.
‘Just a sec, I’ll be back at once.’
‘Mr Holmes is awake?’ asks a young nurse. ‘I will page Doctor Wood at once.’
A plane drones overhead, on its way to or from Marseilles airport. His throat tightens and he has to drink a glass of water to dispel the feeling.
He does not look at me but hesitates before opening the door of the cell. ”You will see them at the airfield.“
But these differences did not really matter. This was Sherlock and he might die again. This time for real.
Now talk, and sort it out. Do it quickly.
John sits on the chair beside the bed and remembers the moment in the office, Janine lying on the floor, unconscious, Sherlock running around wildly, deducing the temperature of  a chair. And a perfume. John himself saying, ’Mary wears it’. And Sherlock retorting, ‘No, not Mary. Somebody else.’
And then, in the split second before John turns towards him and their eyes meet and their lips are touching each other, Sherlock remembers another thing he read last night.
“So …"
‘There was no physical reason why you should remain unconscious for so long.’
Christmas. Oh, yes, this is brilliant. Presenting his parents as the perfect married couple, teasing but in a loving way, just like...well. Do not go there. Here be dragons.
But there will be no next time. Maybe never again.
drama queen and all that - and shoot Magnussen in the head.
Her face became radiant. “Oh, my dear boy, it finally has happened.“
John had not slept well for some days. Since the day Sherlock had apologised if he was honest with himself. He felt like an idiot for trying. Showing him films about Venice, what a stupid idea, what a sorry excuse for a brain did he have in his head! Subtle approach, my ass!
Sherlock is fading away, he cannot fight the vicious attack any longer, he is close to giving up, to fall again, once and forever, never to come back again. There is a pain in his chest, the bullet wound, Moriarty hitting him in the very place, a breath-taking pain and then –
”No way.“ This earns me the first real smile. ”Because I have plans, too, and they do not include female nurses. Or male nurses, either.“
John Watson is not given to self-hatred but there are exceptions. Like the moment when Gemma shows him the scars on Sherlock’s back. Very visible, medical treatment probably came too late for neat scarring, maybe infected as well.
“Not really. But you can update me on the case.“
Tell me something new.
Now John was baffled. Apologies were quite a rare thing with Sherlock, and after John had repeatedly assured him that it was not necessary to beg forgiveness for faking his death and disappearing for two years over and over again, his friend had returned to his more familiar manner of making excuses by brewing tea or buying nice food instead of expressing his regret in words.
“A case? In Italy?“ John raised his arms and turned around in the living-room where Sherlock was waiting impatiently, suitcase at his side.
There is the rub - no idea who said that but it seems strangely fitting.
A deep, a very deep breath. "I cannot stand it any longer. I cannot stand sitting here and watch you chasing all these women, chasing something you will never find. Something I …"
But I know that this is not going to last. That we are currently living in a bubble in which there is no Mary and no baby and no Magnussen. They are still out there and one day the bubble will burst and John will go away. But until then I will hold on to him and take what I can and cherish every precious moment.
A list of things that do not work for him
‘Being shot comes as a shock, physically as well as mentally. Tell me about his state before this happened.’
‘Most of them are by local artists. Provence is still a Mecca for artists, there must be something in the air and the light that draws them here.’ She walks over to the left wall by the window. ‘My personal van Gogh corner. He is so ubiquitous by now. This is the problem with things you see to often - you stop appreciating their beauty.’ She points to the painting of the nighty sky. ‘Did you know it was painted here?’
I look away. He did not believe me. Of course not. How could I be so stupid?
But he does not.
John finds himself talking.
”Mary is not the only one who hides behind a facade, Sherlock. You do the same except your armour is a coat with up-turned collar and a scathing voice and biting remarks. And there is another difference. You do not hide a murderous past but something precious. Something you told the world you did not possess. But I know this is not true. Jim Moriarty for once got it right.“
‘Yes.’
The heart monitor is beeping, the ECG spiking, Sherlock’s hands suddenly twitching, his head rolling from left to right.
For the first time sadness threatens to overwhelm John and dispel his anger. ‘The doctor realises that he is not happy, not happy enough for a man who just got married and will be a father. And of course, the lovely nurse sees what is happening and it pisses her off big time. And then … well. Then the lovely nurse threatens to shoot a man who has some information on her– this is at least, what I think – and the detective comes in and she shoots him first. Strange, isn’t it? Shooting someone who can fold such lovely napkins for your wedding.’
She nods her head towards the door and they leave the room. They find an empty niche with some plastic seats and sit down opposite each other.
Or not so clever, because in order to destroy the knowledge, one would have to destroy the brain. Oh.
I heave an exasperated sigh when my brother enters the flat.
Hiding in a crowd on a dance-floor and pretending his heart is still in one piece.
He turns around sharply and walks back to the house. The unrest is still there, but now twinned with a feeling he can only describe as yearning although he does not know what for. Or he does know but does not want to admit it to himself.
On leaving the bakery he turns to the right and nearly stumbles over a blackboard someone has inconveniently placed in the middle of the pavement.
In the bathroom John notices the perfume bottle on the shelf over the sink. Claire de la Lune. Moonlight.
“Did you just call me your assistant?"
While Sherlock can only provide one of these. Well... maybe two. But this is simply not on. Not now, not ever.
John’s face is very close. ‘You don’t have to speak. Everything is fine, the operation went well, they removed the bullet without any damage to blood vessels or other organs. But you lost a lot of blood and have been unconscious for two days.’
John was no consulting detective but he knew when someone was stalling. And suddenly he could read something in Sherlock’s face that appeared there very rarely – fear. The man was afraid of what John would say, afraid that he would get up and leave. He got his phone out of his pocket, wrote a WhatsApp message and sent it before tucking away his phone.
”Fine.“
Mycroft Holmes raises an eyebrow, ‘Shouldn't you be at my brother’s side?’
John is breathing hard, he has to close his eyes for a moment to get his feelings under control. ‘Why didn’t you tell me?’
"Yes?"
John raised his free hand. “No, Sherlock, listen, this is not what best men do. It never was. It was so much more and especially from you. Thank you.“
There had been a time when he thought that love was a sentiment found on the losing side. Actually, he thinks so still. The difference being that now it hurts whereas then it was nothing but hard fact, no feelings attached. He has come a long way since the woman who now and then still ghosts through his mind palace, reminding him of the day he realised that John might feel something for him but would never give in to it. A dim, wet factory, cold steel and concrete, half broken down, and the voices of two people, one male, one female, sounding clearly through the empty, ghostlike shell of a building.
She leaves him alone.
There are these things called aeroplanes. Or boats.
I try not to think about John becoming a father. It is something I am not prepared to deal with. One step after the other. Not long ago I would have laughed if someone had told me to learn patience but in fact I have become quite patient during the last months.
He digs up a case bearing some similarities to Moriarty’s death on the roof, someone firing a gun and faking their death and later dying again, Scotland Yard baffled...as always. It is full of Gothic drama, blood-red mouths, a cross-dressing Molly Hooper and a Mycroft the size of a mountain made of port wine jelly. It is fun and yet he feels himself slipping, his mind grasping wildly and finding nothing but water running through his hands.
The smile is still there. “You? And Lily?“
I try to remember what happened. The mist slowly brightens. Me pulling out the CVC and the other needles, somehow getting into my trousers and coat (they disposed of the bloodied shirt), dragging the I.V. pole to the exit and hailing myself a cab. Fast forward. Baker Street, getting into a shirt with Billy Wiggins‘ help, ordering him to return John‘s chair, positioning the perfume bottle on the side table, then setting up the projector in Leinster Gardens, waiting.
And then, before he could start hesitating and pondering and retreating, John knocked on the door.
Mycroft shrugs. ”Or he sent her away. Ten minutes after she had left the house, Ms Harry Watson and another woman visited John and have not left since then.“
”I did not ask you a question.“
John sat down in his chair, leaning forward and bracing his elbows on his thighs. "What is this all about?"
He remembers his first deductions about her, words swirling in front of his face, dissolving into the darkness until only one of them remains. LIAR.
Sherlock gulped. Then he stood up, very erect, and looked John in the eye. "You can stay and live with me, as my boyfriend or partner or lover of whatever it is you wish to call me. Or you can meet Miss This-is-Barts-Hospital-can-I-help-you and move out. Your choice."
I get up and walk to the window. I am getting better at this, the pain does not make me gasp anymore. I lean against the cool window and reach for my phone to call Mycroft. Time to tell him about the bizarre meeting with Magnussen in the Italian restaurant.
If he knew the answer to Gemma’s question, John would not be in a situation like this.
And yet.
John presses his lips together but it is too late. He feels the wetness on his cheeks, sees the shock on Mycroft’s face, and even something like shame.
He gets up, lights his pipe and starts pacing again, enacts the drama, assigns positions: Mary next to the fireplace – there is the knife, she is clever after all - Mrs Hudson in the kitchen, John in the middle of the room, seething with anger which is normal given the circumstances, himself at the door.
‘Like what?’ he should have answered. ‘Like a freak, an automaton, a sociopath, what do you really mean?’
This is enough. Sherlock thinks he can do it, he really can. And he does.
He looks into the fridge, sees the foil-covered baking dish and closes the door again. He walks from the kitchen through into the living room, upstairs into the bedroom, feeling restless and agitated.
He dreams himself into the past: a time in which there is good reason for him and John to not share a flat because people might talk, for him and John to be friends and nothing more, a time in which John will be married and Sherlock will be a confirmed old bachelor.
“John, so now you are offering me an unmarried middle-aged woman who is obviously still a virgin ogling an attractive but clearly married Italian at least a decade younger than herself? Come on, one cigarette to get me through this ordeal. I put on three patches already and I am still getting depressed. I can tell you what will happen without watching the film plodding along to its inevitable, exhausting end. She will sleep with him and then leave him because she knows he is married and she is proud and does not want to be his woman on the side. Fine. And now let’s watch the Great British Bake Off so I can annoy Mycroft."
John planned it all. He managed to keep me in the dark because this time he wanted to do it himself. His wife, his child, his choice. I smoke silently and take comfort in Mycroft‘s presence. Not that I would ever admit it.
There are new lines in his face, lines that were not there when we smoked outside the cottage. He turns to go.
She gets up and looks over her shoulder. ‘Think about it. There is no immediate danger but I would really, really like him to wake up.’
“Yes, signor, he came back some minutes ago and went up to his room.“
The sentence comes to mind out of the blue, an unwelcome reminder of an arrogant man returning to a world that had moved on without him. I feel John‘s hand on my back. ”What is it, Sherlock? Need help?“
“Yes, Sherlock. But I want more.“
A styrofoam cup with coffee is thrust in front of my nose. I look up. Mycroft‘s face is motionless, but he nods his head towards the door of John‘s room. ”They will let you in soon, Sherlock. He will be fine. It was touch and go but he will be fine.“
‘I am quite sure that Sherlock would prefer to see you when he wakes up. The hospital keeps me constantly informed about his condition, so no worry there. But from past experience I can tell you that Sherlock usually does not take well to seeing me when coming out of a –’
This time kissing is not enough and we end up sweaty and half naked on the sofa, not caring for Mrs Hudson or Mycroft or anyone else‘s sudden appearance.
And there are other changes. I sleep more and when I wake up I often notice John looking at me in a way that …
”Listen, Mycroft, there is only so far you can go. Get out of my flat. Stick your long nose into North Korean affairs or start a war in a poor African country but Leave. Me. Alone.“
The next evening Sherlock got even more exasperated.
Sherlock just waved his hand. "Of course I will accept your parcel. Off you go."
He enters the house through the back door.
“George, do you have a moment?“
Some animals are most dangerous when they are in danger of losing their young. Or when they are wounded and fight back for their lives. Mary is like a wounded animal that has lost its young. She will not just give up and board a plane to South America to start a new life. First she will get her revenge if nothing else.
How could two people love each other so much (well, John did, and by now he thought Sherlock might feel something akin to love for him as well) and yet so fundamentally misunderstand each other? Constantly? About the things that mattered most?
A female doctor is coming in, the Eternity woman. Nice change for a fragrance, Claire de la Lune would make me vomit.
Sherlock hands her his credit card and the deal is done.
He is standing with John on a lonely tarmac, Mary a red dot in the background, a sombre Mycroft at her side, a private jet waiting to take him away …
He turns around and walks to the window, leaning lightly against the cool glass. ‘Shouldn’t we discuss this outside? He might be able to hear us.’
Sherlock stared at him incredulously and John felt himself reminded of that day in the kitchen in 221B when he had told Sherlock he was his best friend.
Sherlock realised he was still wearing the bloody shirt. He took it off, balled it and threw it into a corner. He might have taken it as a souvenir, no need for that now.
‘Tell you what?’
John is up from his chair, leaning over the bed, putting his hands on Sherlock’s face and trying to calm him down but it is no use. Gemma and a nurse are entering the room, checking everything, Sherlock’s temperature which is only slightly elevated- no fever- and yet something is happening to him.
Yes, the downside. The downside is that he is alone, locked up with his brain and his feelings and memory of a man falling backwards – not him, not this time, bullet to brain, not the chest, dead as a doornail.
‘Indeed. A silenced gun like the one I heard at Magnussen’s. Unloaded of course. But I am sure it was a bullet from that very gun that got stuck in your brother’s chest.’ The anger makes it almost impossible for John to continue. ‘And that got me thinking. I know, compared to you and Sherlock I am just a brainless idiot, but still. Think of an empty shell of a man, tormented by grief and guilt, drowning his misery in a bottle most evenings. He desperately tries to cling to his work if nothing else. And one day, just like that, a funny, cute nurse shows up, new part-time assistant, cheery, positive, sassy, with a kind word or a smile for even the most tedious patients. Just what the sad little doctor needs, right?’
But what if he really wants to go back to her? What if this ‘ thing‘ between us is just the result of my needing his help, of John being relieved at my near-but-not-death?
“Fine. So tell me what you are up to.“
‘John, please. Why did he take the drugs? Was he in some sort of distress? Did he feel ill before he was shot? Did he behave in a strange way?’
Suddenly Lestrade remembered that day one and a half years ago when he had left in a hurry the run-up to one of his biggest professional scoops, and had moved heaven and hell to get the joint police forces including a helicopter to Baker Street only to find Sherlock desperately worrying over his best man speech.
”Mary Watson left her flat one hour ago.“
This is not what I expected. He stole my part. I am supposed to be the rational one, the analytical one. So why does he not protest, does not even try to contradict me? The thought is ridiculous and yet I cannot shake it off.
‘Tell me,’ John is adamant. Neither the posh interior of the Diogenes Club nor the bunker-like office can intimidate or impress him anymore. He bangs his fist on the desk, sending some papers and a half-drunk cup of tea to the floor.
He enters Saint-Rémy through the old
“Please, Sherlock, just one thing: no word about my honeymoon. Not ever. Are we clear on that?"
After having walked through the various rooms of his mind palace, Sherlock sits down in the chair before the fireplace. It is not the real one made by the French-Swiss designer whose name he has deleted but a classic Chesterfield, bottle-green leather with buttons, sturdily built. A piece of furniture that belongs in, say, a late-Victorian bachelor gentleman’s home.
He stretches his legs towards the fireplace, lights his pipe – no smoking prohibitions here, tobacco not being a forbidden substance then – and starts puffing little clouds towards the smoke-darkened ceiling. Better than any nicotine patch. And there is morphine and cocaine, he thinks dreamily, available from any good chemist, not something to be acquired illegally in filth-ridden alleys or behind rusty warehouse containers.
The receptionist spread his hands apologetically. “There is very pretty room with balcony, overlooking the canal, and bed is really wide … so if you want, we can give you special price …"
”Mrs Watson left the hotel fifteen minutes ago.“
He abruptly stops the car, sends it slithering against the kerb, John jumping out and squeezing himself in the back with Mary.
The shock on his face makes me smile and I put my hand to his cheek. ”I might as well say it now.“
Something happens to his face that almost breaks my heart. He pulls my head towards him and kisses me on the lips, not roughly, but harder than last time. I get a glimpse of what might happen if I was well and we did not have to hold back and it makes me go all warm inside.
Maybe this is something Sherlock might say about himself. He feels like a failure because he could not protect John. He let himself by led astray by … what? Feelings? False hopes? The idea that for once in his life he could get the thing he really wanted?
“I have no idea but we will find out. Tonight, to be exact.“
‘Of course you are, John. I get the feeling that there are unspoken things between you and Sherlock and that it might be helpful if you talked to him.’
"I think this is the most romantic offer I ever got."
He knows what she is talking about: telling patients and their loved ones that there is no hope left.  ’I have seen friends in such situations, close friends as well, and believe me, I can tell the difference. I do not wish to lessen the meaning of friendship but if someone is truly in love with a patient,  I can see it. Always.’
Mycroft? SH
Not a pavement this time, but a carpeted floor, not a shattered head covered in blood but a red bloom on a white shirt, eyes not open but closed.
“How could I forget that? Sorry, but I do not have a hard drive on which I can store and delete things at pleasure.“
I stop myself when I feel shame creeping over me, grab my violin instead and play something atonal enough to make Mrs Hudson bang her ceiling with a broomstick.
‘There is this old Eurythmics' song, ‘Better to have lost in love than never to have loved at all.’ Bit cheesy, but I could not keep it out of my mind, playing it in my head for months on end. Of course it was not exactly about us, the person lost is still alive in that song, but it comes quite near. Was having had you in my life, and losing you, better than not having had you at all? Or would it have been easier if I had never met you and just found someone else or put the gun to my head one night and ended it all?’
Suddenly I remember a quote I once read, no idea from where it came but it seems I put it in some far corner of my mind palace instead of deleting it completely. It is horribly sentimental and absolutely perfect.
And Mycroft Holmes? He kicks away an empty plastic bottle, nearly hitting a child on a scooter.
‘I heard you.’
He tries to move but the pain in his chest is excruciating even through the morphine cloud and he has to take some shallow breaths. Another ice cube is placed to his lips. A warm, dry hand is stroking his forehead.
But John was not finished yet. “You never had a case here. But there are other reasons for going to Venice."
“I wanted to come to Venice, this much is true. And I wanted to come to Venice because I came here on my honeymoon. No, Sherlock, stop it, you promised. But it was not to walk down memory lane, it was to - and this may sound silly to you - to exchange my memories for something better. I wanted to be able to think of Venice without being reminded of a marriage that never really was and you nearly dying and leaving forever and … all that.“ He pressed his lips together, gathering courage for the last difficult hurdle. “I wanted to come here with you.“
"Something I could give you."
John held his phone out. The message read:
A female body. Sex. Adrenaline. And a child.
No, not Moriarty, not ever.
How probable does it seem that a woman like Mary Morstan chose to become a nurse and accidentally got a job in the same surgery as John Watson, friend and flatmate of a deceased consulting detective – the only one in the world (that’s me, by the way, hello) younger brother of the most powerful man in Britain, only antagonist of Jim Moriarty, the most dangerous spider in the web? According to his estimate the probability is virtually zero.
He saw but he did not observe.
But I keep returning to the word
Jim Moriarty. In his flat. Talking the usual sexualised rubbish and blowing his brains out just like he did on the roof, presenting a crater-like hole in the back of his head, still very much alive …
‘I assure you, John, I am may be nearing middle age but my hearing is still excellent.’
‘A very important case, Sherlock, and I want you to listen to me. I know who shot you. This is all I have to say for now,’ a pause, ‘and there is something else. I promised to skip the sentimental crap so I will keep it short. I have no idea if you can hear me or if you even want to hear this but, just this once. Let me say it, just once. I love you.’
‘My name is Juliette. And I completely forgot about the coffee, so sorry. If there is time …’ She nods over to the coffee maker behind her.
“You have never been here before?“ John asked incredulously.
A sticking plaster was enough, no stitches required. Mr Blaine had been taken away by the police and Sherlock had explained to Mrs Bianchi the danger she had been in. After some furious shouting, accompanied by some highly imaginative Italian swearwords, she was reduced to tears and issued an impressive cheque.
And I keep returning to the one thought that has haunted me ever since I saw her with the gun in her hand, no, even earlier, subconsciously, when I smelt the perfume. I deduced it was Lady Smallwood in there and yet, a small voice in the back of my head told me, even then, that something was off. I just did not realise what it was.
For the first time Mycroft seems genuinely surprised. ‘John, I assure you –’
‘Do you know why I was so angry that evening? Come on, you are the cleverest man in the room, tell me. Because it was not just two years grieving you, feeling lost, getting drunk, talking to a headstone- that was quite appalling by the way and I really hope you did not choose that one yourself, but my bet is on Mycroft, just to spite you. Anyway’- he laughs- ‘by now it seems funny but then I was so fucking angry, because of all moments you could have chosen, you chose this. The moment I thought I was over you, the moment I had decided to move on, the moment I was sitting there with a woman who had caught me when I was stumbling around in the dark.
. And then the dread rolls over me like a tsunami.
He eats the dripping melon contemplatively over the sink, enjoying the sweet, slightly watery taste. Afterwards he washes his hands, dries them on a towel.
John looked after him, completely taken aback. And then it struck him. Fuck, not again. He was such an idiot where Sherlock was concerned. Before he could make up his mind, Sherlock’s steps had died away amongst the old, damp walls that had seen centuries of heartbreak.
He pushes his hand into the inconspicuous leather case which is the same colour as the attic hatch and has been carefully tucked between the wood and the ladder.
He coughs and rubs his neck the moment I loosen my grip. I envy him his calm. He was always far more composed, even as a teenager he had a certain majestic pompousness that could not be shaken. But when he looks up, there is something in his eyes I had not expected to see there.
John gets up and walks to the door. His hand is already touching the doorknob when something makes him stop abruptly in his tracks.
John felt an irrational anger surging up although he was not sure where it came from. Was it the sheer rudeness of refusing this tiny favour or the sheer arrogance of not even turning around when speaking to one’s best friend? "And why the fucking hell are you not willing to open the door, sign on a fucking monitor and master the death-defying climb of seventeen fucking steps?"
‘Magnussen.’ Sherlock closes his eyes, exhausted from a few short words.
But he should have known. He should have seen it coming.
Looking into his suitcase he found that there was no clean shirt left. Just the purple t-shirt that had taken too many rounds in the tumble-dryer. He pulled it over his head. Bit tight around the chest, bit too short further down, but it would be sufficient to sleep in. Maybe the hotel could send someone to buy him a shirt before they went to the airport in the morning.
‘I’ll take it.’
Sherlock vehemently shook his head, sending his curls flying. “Not me, G … Greg, not me. This is about John. It’s him I’m worried about.“
Sherlock nodded.
No, this is not on. He has to keep calm. They should sit down. Sitting down is good, makes talking easier and it takes the strain from a bullet wound you actually should not have run around with in the first place.
‘Stop being sentimental’ he tells himself, ‘there is work to do.’
The friend.
And then Mycroft is there. Sherlock hates being with him in the confined little cell, hates being the target of his compassion, hates being the small brother who has to be comforted over and over again.
“Apart from the cheque? Well, if you could pull a few strings with Maldini’s evening wear rental …“ said John looking from himself to Sherlock. Their dinner suits definitely were worse for wear.
I know as soon as Mycroft delivers the message. I swallow but manage to keep a straight face.
and two
John starts to laugh hysterically, remembering something Sherlock once said.
Sherlock sighed. “John, would you have preferred to stand there even longer and listen to his insinuations about double beds? You have always made it very clear that you are not gay and don’t want to share a bed with me."
“I know what you wanted to say."
“Not really, darling“, said Mrs Hudson. “Your irregular diet seems to mess up your brain. I read an article at the hairdresser’s about the connection between the intake of certain vitamins and the human memory …“
”Without her baby, carrying two suitcases. She took a taxi and booked into a hotel room in Bayswater.“
He always wanted to be good for John. And failed, spectacularly.
”Fuck the nurse,” John mumbles.
”So you had a plan,” I say finally.
‘It is the view from his window in the asylum here in Saint-Rémy. He painted it in June 1889.’ She takes the picture from the window, leaning it against a chair. ‘It is not what his eyes saw when he was looking out. This is a village of his mind. But to him the sky might have looked like that. There are dozens of interpretations, people talking about the religious aspects or the fact that it seems to precipitate something called the Kolmogorov theory of turbulences but …’
It is fun to meet Magnussen bare-arsed in an Italian restaurant aka the hospital canteen. Even more fun to imagine Billy Wiggins, a man he has met only once or twice, drugging his family with the Christmas punch. Outrageous, but he always gets away with the outrageous things. Drama queen all over.
And while those moments are similar in some ways - both meant to save John Watson - on the roof of St Barts I knew and expected and planned to return. But now I know full well that I have lost John Watson and this is unbearable, even for me.
"Excuse me?" John made a step into the living-room. "Are you going out as well?"
Scenario 1
I swear under my breath while the chauffeur is doing his best to navigate the London traffic, using shortcuts only known to people who do not have to be afraid of being stopped by the police. I try to phone John, he does not answer. Fuck, this is not good. Of course he has a newborn on his hands but then his sister and her friend should still be there …
He licks his lips, tries to find an honest answer. ‘I am not sure. You see, with Sherlock everything’s different. He is not like …’ He shrugs helplessly.
“Did I miss something on the way, Sherlock?“ John asked when they walked through the hallway.
”John.“ I could kick myself but it is all I can say.
“You did not even wait until we were introduced to Mrs Bianchi. You could have used the opportunity to leave the house undetected. Not for long, though, since the authorities would have caught you soon as all the bridges and ports are under observation …"
”You will have to go back to her.“ The words drop like a stone into a pool. I am lying with my head in John‘s lap, his hand playing absently with my curls.
“But if he writes books people know his name. Why should it be so difficult to find him if you know the name and the town in which he is living?“
Please. SH
He shakes his head as if to disperse those thoughts. If there is one thing he does want to do even less than drugs, then it is self-pity. He has had his fill of that.
John stopped in his tracks. “But you told me you delete things you do not need and …“
When all is ready, he walks back as far as possible and considers his work. He is satisfied. And when the setting sun slants through the window, tinting the sky blue and golden, he feels even more than satisfied.
She looks baffled.
”When did you last change your clothes? I never knew you to be careless with your personal hygiene. John will not be happy.“
“Yes.“
I need to go to Venice. SH
Nothing more. No invitation to have a look at her, no word about what is going to happen next. I try to be happy that all went well before I realise I snapped my bow in half with trying.
"Sherlock."
Then a shuffle before him in the dark, panting, Sherlock’s deep voice saying something like „Got you“, then a cry of pain. John dashed past him, hopefully not trampling Sherlock in the attempt, and threw himself blindly at the man before him. He could not see anything, playing by ear, jumping on his back and wrestling him to the floor.
Sherlock shakes his head. ‘I had no idea.’
I watch him marching over to Mary, taking her hand and leading her to the waiting car. I am not sure what I am feeling. Relief. Gratitude (Mycroft being more brilliant than ever but I would rather bite off my tongue than tell him that). Heartache. Insecurity. Anger, this time directed at myself.
John realised they were completely alone in the narrow street which was quite unusual in a city crammed with tourists.
"Again."
‘Do you really want to tell me the British Government himself did not know that Mary Morstan is a fucking killer?’
There are voices, light shining into his eyes, a sort of hospital and John is there, Mycroft, Mary hovering in the background. But no, this is not right, he has things to do, he is not finished yet. Then everything is getting blurry again, a car, a cemetery with old trees and leaning gravestones.
Then there is a sound, a voice. He knows that voice, he could pick it out of a hundred, a thousand, of all other voices.
When John tells me he is going to visit his old mate Bill Murray in Reading, I try hard not to be disappointed. By now I am well enough to stay alone in the flat while Mrs Hudson brings me tea and home-cooked food I do not want to eat but have to because I do not have the excuse of being on a case.
Let me hear and I will consider it very carefully.
Sherlock ran into his bedroom and pulled the suitcase from behind the wardrobe. He opened the doors and started throwing in things.
Sherlock hated this. He hated being indebted to Mycroft which is why he had postponed the request for two days. But it was no use, he had to bring himself to write the words even if it killed him.
He almost runs back to the bed. Sherlock is looking at him with wide open eyes.
Sherlock gulped and nodded. “Yes."
Sherlock wakes up in the middle of the night. He is not sure why. He lies very still, concentrating on any sound other than the chirping outside his window. He gets up and drinks some water from the kitchen tap. Now that he is awake he feels the heat, pouring from the walls, enveloping him and making his body hot and clammy. He walks into the living room.
"Nightly walks in parts of the city you have never seen before. Adrenaline highs no girl friend could provide. Danger. Drama. Science."
John felt a tingling sensation somewhere in the direction of his stomach. Or was it his heart? "Something you what?"
John leaving him to his work, going home with Mary, not taking seriously what he does anymore, not being interested in Sherlock’s cases. And the cases are all he is. A hollow man dressed in adventures and a good coat.
During my first stay in hospital I got away with a big white sticking plaster on my chest and some tubes in my veins but this time it is more difficult. I distantly hear the doctors blathering about internal haemorrhage and rupture and CA and I am only too glad to glide back into unconsciousness.
Let me think.
But John is already on his way back, nearly slithering into the room, shutting the door and bending down over the bed.
Want to call in a favour. SH
John feels a sudden calm after he has said the words. It is as if he has shed an old skin, like a lizard or a snake, only to find a shining new skin beneath. A skin in which he feels at home.
“Yes, do keep up, John. Our plane is leaving in two hours time so you should start packing.“ He clapped his hands in a gesture of encouragement. “It just popped up out of the blue. The man we are looking for is an author of travel books and is suspected of having married six women in different countries, using them as a source for first-hand insider’s tips and then cheating them out of their money before disappearing from the face of the Earth. He is English and based in Birmingham. Fluent in six languages, elementary knowledge in further nine. This is what we know.“
“You are bringing me cupcakes just like that? Come on, John, spit it out."
Mycroft’s answer comes immediately.
John sits down, putting the bowl of ice on the nightstand.
“No, John, please tell me you did not show him all these films! Poor Sherlock, he must have been weirded out."
After that John remained strangely silent.
And not once did Sherlock mention the case.
“Yes, so what?"
This is not a case although I wish it was. I can solve cases. I cannot solve what John Watson is doing to my heart.
Nothing of this comes as a surprise.
That wife.
“What in God’s name are you doing, dear?“ Mrs Hudson had finished her medical lecture and looked from him to the suitcase and back. “Holiday or a case?“
And then there were no words anymore.
A case? And you think I could conjure one up for you?
The next day they set out to have a look at the house of Mrs Laura Bianchi, the rich ex-wife of a Roman property mogul who had bought a beautiful palazzo near the Rialto bridge. The house in the calle del Paradiso seemed a bit understated but Sherlock told John that behind the inconspicuous exterior the rooms were exquisitely furnished with antiques and the finest tapestries in Venice.
“He apologised."
John gasped when Sherlock opened the door, wearing his black dinner suit trousers and a very tight-fitting purple t-shirt John had never seen on him before. It made him look ten years younger and John suddenly felt very awkward.
By know he knew that Sherlock indeed felt things even if he did not put them into words. And that was the pot calling the kettle black because he himself was not any better at it. Thinking of the speech again, he had to admit that he actually was much worse than Sherlock.
Of course she knows Sherlock’s story, just as everyone who is not exactly living under a rock does.
He remembered his own words. Oscillation on the pavement always means there’s a love affair. How dismissive he had been then, how superior. By now he knew he was not infallible, not where John was concerned.
“Nonono, stop and listen. True, he shouted at the television and told me how unbearably stupid these films were. But the strangest thing of all happened on the morning after we watched the last film."
It had been obvious that John wanted to re-visit the city but it would have felt awkward for them to stay in the same place where he and Mary had had their … sex holiday.
‘Shouldn’t you be at your brother’s side?’
So there is only thing left to do. ”John, there’s something ... I should say; I-I’ve meant to say always and then never have …“
Lestrade faked a violent cough which had Sherlock thumping on his back and asking if he had taken up smoking again and needed patches or a glass of water.
“Yes, I said we wish to book two single rooms."
He remembers Sherlock telling him how Mary spotted the skip code in the text message, how she went to Baker Street, how she made Sherlock save John from the fire. How Sherlock praised her while Mary seemed strangely silent about the whole incident.
"No."
A pale, slightly bluish moon is shining through the window, bathing the picture in an eerie light. So very different from the golden sunlight. For a second he allows himself to imagine this light on John’s body.
“Exactly.“ Sherlock turned towards him, a strange look in his eyes. “I delete things I do not need.“
”Ten minutes max, Sir.“
John gulps and takes another deep breath. ‘That it was my wife who shot Sherlock.’
And since Sherlock knows that Appledore is not that far from the cottage and Magnussen has a helicopter at his disposal, he could strike a deal, save Mary once and for all from the clutches of that fucking piece of … Sherlock mentally kicks away the memory that starts creeping all over him – is it a memory or a dream, Magnussen coming into his room and touching him in ways he never wanted to be touched, breaking down his boundaries – stop.
Excellent memory.
"Yes …“
Sitting on a park bench talking about ‘feelings.’
Think, he urges himself, imagining the plane flying eastwards, taking him away from England and John Watson forever.
He presses his lips together and walks away from the window, softly touching his left arm. It is strange how an ordinary word like supermarket can trigger memories - coffee tea sugar milk dried pasta tomato sauce peas beans steps on the stairs the creaking door the polythene smell of bags placed on the kitchen table with a thud the fridge door opening a soft curse no fucking space for food next time I …
They continued to drink coffee, and Sherlock amused John with stories about famous murders committed in the city, and John answered with some interesting anecdotes about Casanova and his time in the infamous piombi in the Doge’s Palace.
“Exactly.“
And then I understand. John, stupid courageous sentimental John. This time he was the one with a plan, this time he tricked
I nod slowly. ”Glad you‘re here.“ I close my eyes and then I feel a warm, calloused hand stealing itself into mine.
He is not here.
This was a professional at work, not an elderly politician.
When the trees open up before him, revealing the light red roof tiles of the town, bathed in the light of the early morning sun, he suddenly remembers. He knows the place. Grandmère took him here, showing him the view, sometimes in the early morning, sometimes in the evening, the roofs coloured blood red by the setting sun. Now he understands why so many artists have come here, drawn by the light and the smells and the soft yet unforgiving landscape.
“John, are you coming! We need to rent dinner suits and get dressed for tonight.“
Sherlock tries to make sense of his story, to keep to the scenario as planned but he is unable to hold down the memories any longer. Memories and suspicions and the one fear he never dared to voice, not even to himself, not even alone in his bed, at night.
A man is standing in front of the picture. Jeans, tight-fitting t-shirt, short grey hair. Not that he would need to look at the hair or the back or anything. He would know John among a million other people just by the gravitational force that is drawing Sherlock towards him.
This is where Lestrade became really, really curious. “What … films, Sherlock?“ God, the poor guy, he thought, having to cope with Sherlock’s death and return, then with Sherlock getting shot and John moving back to look after him while he was on the mend, then with Mary’s sudden disappearance some months after Christmas. He had always suspected more than a failed marriage but neither Sherlock nor John had ever spoken about it. And now John, the poor sex-starved bastard, was watching … films.
Sherlock stopped abruptly. “Are you serious?“
Sherlock has never really been interested in art but anything will do to cover up the sadness which no amount of warmth and sun and sweet-smelling summer has been able to dispel. He looks into the window and nearly drops the paper bag full of bakery goods he has been holding in his right.
Are you still there? Fine, I will take one of your cases afterwards. SH
The moment his hand touched the door knob, Sherlock spoke again.
Mycroft offers him a way out, a bleak one, for sure, but everything is better than getting life for murder. So he agrees.
And John had been sitting there thinking “Oh, shit, Sherlock, why the fuck now?“
John must take his gun. He always takes his gun when there is an adventure. But Magnussen’s men will search them, like they did in Baker Street. Does not matter, he decides: this is just a scenario, nothing real, nothing anyone could ever believe. Or is it?
the head, the head must be destroyed.
‘Yes.’ Sherlock’s voice is low and tired but not without a hint of amusement.
John clenches his hands and puts the bottle back. He looks towards the wardrobe, shakes his head, returns to the hallway, and pulls down the ladder leading up to the attic.
Sherlock opened the door to his room with a flourish and pointed to the bed on which two black dinner suits complete with white dress shirts and black ties had been carefully deposited. On the floor two pairs of shiny black shoes were waiting.
His brain must have turned to mush during his two years of being dead.
Sherlock turned around, put the violin and the bow back in the case, closed it, and shoved it under his chair. Next he removed some invisible specks of dust from his suit jacket, sat down, crossed his legs and finally looked at John. His face was unreadable.
Sherlock did not look at him but turned his face towards the mirror over the mantlepiece. "Fun. Good food. Music."
But then there was another sound – he would not have heard it except it was so quiet in the room, the penthouse floating high above the city like an untethered airship.
Mycroft‘s phone beeps.
His thinking goes fine until suddenly, out of the blue, just like that, John’s face appears before him. He should not have thought of John, not now, not when he is trying to work, to make sense of all this.
“Both, Mrs Hudson, that’s the beauty of it. By the way, how is the weather in Venice at this time of year?“
Well, this was over now. The receptionist watched them entering their names in the hotel register. “We are sorry, signor, double rooms are nicest, but you said …"
It crumpled. There was no better word to describe what happened to John’s face.
He is so still. This is so very wrong. He needs to be like quicksilver, talking all the time, running around with his big coat billowing behind him, using his long, elegant hands to emphasise his deductions, letting his voice rumble deeply or smack his lip to stress the plosive at the end of a word.
‘I ... I talked to him as you said. He has been quiet all the time, this started only seconds ago,’ John says, feeling terribly awkward. Was it something he said that upset Sherlock? Did he hear him? Did he hear everything he said?
”No, but I wish we had. I wish we did.“
John nods. ‘I see. Trip to the palace?’
”Sherlock? Is everything okay?“
”No, you are not.“ He sounds insistent and I give in and turn my head. He is standing in front of the coffee table, his hands jammed into his pockets. John has a unique way of standing aggressively.
. He discovers small jars of local honey on a shelf and takes one of them as well.
Sherlock bent forward and retrieved his violin case, took out the bow and started to meticulously apply the rosin.
He remains true to his word. I am standing beside the plane when the sleek black limousine appears, notice the big red splash that is Mary without really looking at her. We hug and say goodbye, both knowing who has won and lost. She has chosen the coat with care.
John started to fill his suitcase methodically with rolled-up socks, folded T-shirts, a pair of jeans, pathetically self-ironed shirts and a baseball cap.
“Come on, an old guy ogling a beautiful boy on a beach? And no police around to get him arrested? What kind of world is this? You mean then it was fine to ogle beautiful boys as long as you died afterwards? What a load of rubbish. Granted, the music is acceptable, but as for the rest … John, did we really give the Doctor Who set back to Molly?“
At first there is just light. Nothing hard or glaring, more like the sun shining through mist, soft, subdued, muted.
- now that this ship has sailed.
That is what nearly dying twice does to you. Or loving John Watson.
In the morning the picture is golden again. Sherlock pads into the kitchen, breaks off a piece of the
He told Molly what had happened and her eyes grew wider with every word she heard.
But what now? Magnussen still has a hold on her and danger to Mary means danger to John. Or is it not that simple?
They were sitting in front of the magnificent Caffè Florian on Piazza San Marco drinking coffee that judging from the price was made of roasted gold nuggets.
I smile back. ”Very much so.“ I close my eyes to indicate that I am tired which is not exactly an act.
John silently ate his beans on toast, mopped up the tomato sauce with the rest of the bread, drank his tea, and put the dishes into the sink. He felt Sherlock’s inquiring look on his back but refused to turn around. If necessary, he could be as stubborn as Sherlock.
She shakes her head. ‘Nothing physical, John.’ She has started to call him by his first name as if they were friends. Or colleagues. Which they are not but he is willing to let it pass for now. She walks around the bed, checks the IV lines, and turns back to look at him. ‘You told me about this thing he does, this technique. Mind Castle or something like that?’
“Stop it, Sherlock, stop it.“ Lestrade opened the door of an empty office and shoved Sherlock inside before closing the door behind him. “I’m an open-minded man, I really am, but still I do not want to hear anything of what Mary and John or you and John are doing in front of the television. This is getting a bit too kinky for me.“
As in:
When I finally receive John‘s text it is very short and to the point:
"I want you to move out. You can stay here until you have found something else but I politely request you to start your search asap."
“John, please. Can’t we just enjoy the atmosphere for a moment? I’ve never been to Venice before and it’s quite nice. That is apart from the tourists and the pigeons and the singing gondolieri."
John’s grateful laugh, full of relief, was the best thing that had happened so far in this city which he still could not find romantic.
Mycroft raises both hands to placate but John bangs the table once again. ‘No! You are going to listen to me for once. The doctor does not even get suspicious when there is a list of people who hate her, who for some reason or other dislike the lovely nurse. Maybe he is an idiot after all but so is his detective friend. And then something happens.’
Then he is back in the past, in his Victorian sitting room, his mind mirror of 221B. He conjures up John to pull him from his drugged slumber on the floor. John who is disappointed and angry, demanding Sherlock to be better than he truly is. Painting him in a shining light for his magazine stories.
”I am Laura Taylor, your attending physician.“ She checks my blood pressure, the PCA settings and asks me how I am feeling.
John’s lips turn into a hard line. ‘This is the case I mentioned, the case for which you have to get well.’
I turn around and look at him fully. He has never used this word before. I swallow. ”What you just said … we never …“
He goes into the kitchen and gets himself a slice of watermelon. Not that it will make the hollow feeling disappear but any action is better than sitting around, an open folder in his lap, staring blindly into the distance in the rough direction of London.
And then he is there beside the sofa, on his knees, and I feel his hand on my chest, very careful and soft not to hurt me. And then suddenly he is so close that I cannot see anymore, just feel. And it is enough.
”Sorry, the nurse told me not to make you speak.“
Sherlock stared icily down at the man who was about a head smaller than himself. “We are here on a business trip. This is my assistant. We do not require a romantic view of the canal."
I can hear someone clearing their throat and try to raise my head but I am too damned weak.
Nothing could be further from the truth and yet Sherlock did not contradict him.
There is the wife to be considered.
‘If you knew Sherlock, you would not ask this. He always behaves in a strange way, it is his default.’
A last desperate attempt at getting back the happiness, placing John and himself in their beautiful Victorian attire in front of the fireplace, smoking, chatting peacefully, perfectly intimate, him walking to the window and looking out and seeing – the present. The present in which Mary is pregnant and has shot him and John does not know about his wife and Mycroft cannot be trusted and –
When I do not move, he walks around to the other side of the bed, carefully pushing aside the I.V. pole.
Lestrade sighed heavily, and looked Sherlock up and down. “How long? Seven years? Eight? Longer? And you still don’t know my name?“
At first it is just a twitch, feather-light, so light that it could be his imagination. But then Sherlock’s hand starts to move in his and he loosens his grip and looks down at the long fingers that are scrabbling about.
John runs out into the hallway, barges into the nurses’ station, shouting for ice.
“Of course I’m serious.“
John took a tissue out of his pocket and pressed it against Sherlock’s temple. Then he put his lips to Sherlock’s ear and hissed: “Why the fuck did we have to come here for that?“ He nodded towards Mr Blaine. “You could have solved this case lying in your bathtub. Or in your sleep. This is ridiculous. No more than a 0.5 on your scale."
And yet I know that this is just a respite, that I will have to solve Mary‘s case because danger to her means danger to John. I have a plan for removing him from the picture which includes Mycroft‘s prepared laptop as a Christmas present to Magnussen and Billy Wiggins concocting a nice sleeping draught for my family.
John got up, hesitating instantly. "Ahem, thank you."
. Even then.
“Not another break-in. The last time you got carted off in an ambulance and nearly died on me.“ He must have spoken with more passion than intended because Sherlock shot him a surprised glance.
John let his head sink on the desk and buried his fingers in his hair. That is, until the new receptionist - tall, skinny, ginger, not an assassin - told him that Mr Birdwhistle had arrived for his flu jab.
"Honestly, Sherlock, I have all this already." He dug in his pocket to retrieve his phone when he heard laughter.
"I should like to bury something precious in every place where I've been happy and then, when I was old and ugly and miserable, I could come back and dig it up and remember."
After John and Mary are gone, he starts digging desperately, helped by Greg – yes, he knows his name after all – who is always there when he needs someone to lend him a hand with manual labour, and Mycroft shining a light into a grave conjured up from a cheap period horror drama.
Ah, yes, John’s face. John.
”I have sent over a neonatologic nurse to support Ms Watson and her friend. They seemed quite relieved. The child is well, by the way.“
“It’s fine. It’s what best men do.“
“John! What the hell are you staring at! Run!“ And then he was dragged away, through a door, along a hallway full of flickering shadows, their feet sounding hollowly on the marble tiles, over a balcony to the neighbouring roof, “Jump, John, your legs are long enough!“, down another flight of stares. No torches here, the house seemed cold and empty.
Things will calm down. He will explain how he deduced Mary’s history, maybe Mycroft could help with that - colossal favour for hurt little brother and all that - how she did not shoot him in the head, killing him instantly, but left him a slim chance of survival which is actually quite generous. Will John buy this crap? Of course he will. Because, after having thought about it long and hard, he will realise that this is what he wants, that Mary will give him all things he ever hoped for in one person.
“What now? Bit of an anti-climax, if you ask me.“
John is holding Sherlock’s right hand that has no venous access with both of his own, maybe even clutching it but he cannot let go, he is afraid. He is a doctor and should be able to keep his professional distance but this is Sherlock.
He sets to work.
What follows, is hell. Sherlock knows that this is not real, just a film playing in his head, and yet it is hell. (Because something like this could come to pass. Mary is a killer and John is married to her and Mycroft never did anything to prevent this.)
‘I love you, too.’
‘ … away?’
Apart from that fateful dinner at the Landmark restaurant which he preferred to bury in the deepest recesses of his mind and the occasion of his own wedding (well, put that on the best-forgotten-list as well) John had never seen Sherlock in evening dress.
He will strike a deal and save the world, including Mary, John, and their child, from this man.
“Not my birthday, but thank you anyway.“ Molly opened the lid and chose a toffee-vanilla flavoured cake with a chocolate coffee bean on top. She took a bite, chewed, said „delicious“ and then looked at him inquiringly.
He heard steps in the hallway. Someone slowly approaching, stopping in front of the door to his right. John.
Sherlock is not moving, the tea has gone cold but John cannot bring himself to stop. Now that he has begun to talk, he will not stop until everything is said.
John shrugs. ‘He never told me. Chasing thugs, I would say. Solving cases in exotic places. Things like that.’
He starts to stroke Sherlock’s hand again and keeps his eyes on Sherlock’s face. Lips starting to move, trying to form words.
Assuming she was an agent/assassin once, what would Mary do? Try to minimise the threat to herself. Keep Sherlock from giving her secret away, at least for the time being. Would she dare to put a pillow on his face and smother him? Pull out the oxygen feed from his nose? No, John will surely remain at his side all the time, so a sudden death might be suspicious even under these circumstances.
Sherlock suddenly remembers John’s face in the restaurant, not the horrible moustache or the anger but the eyes, dead eyes, not dead like Magnussen’s but empty, without soul, and not even proposing to Mary did change anything about it. He knows that John needs him in his life, needs the adventure and the thrill of the chase, the temptation to dart from the surgery into 221B, leaving behind his GP identity like his white coat.
