“You know what I hate about the current education system?” she asked, and Kamala looked up at her curiously. “The fact that it puts a hell of a lot of pressure on kids. They’re always expected to
“Should I really be looking at this? It seems a little private,” she said, lowering her voice and giving the sleeping woman another cautious look.
She looked over her shoulder at Laura who was standing on the porch, the overhead light creating a halo around her head, a guardian angel.
T’Challa had told her that she either needed to take the suit away or equip him with the tools and the protection necessary for him to
But her features were so familiar with the expression that Bucky knew this wasn’t the first time she had smiled like this; it was just his first time seeing it.
He’d often tried to emulate human emotions but they did not always come easily to him. It was strange because that had been all Ultron was; pure emotion. Rage. Hatred. Cruelty. Even his indifference towards the human race.
for her to endure. He saw her fingers clawed in front of her as if they wanted to grip the very last vestiges of her own strength just by
FRIDAY was a big help in filtering through the influx of calls they started getting ever since word got out of Toni’s return to New York. It was the inevitable result of her going into the city to show her face to a very angry and very emotional Pepper. Words were thrown and Toni had shrunk in on herself in shame but ultimately Pepper had wrapped her in a hug and cried into her shoulder, albeit awkwardly considering she was twelve feet taller than Toni.
She was ‘Toni’ to Steve and ‘Stark’ to the others. There was an intimacy in the way Steve talked about her, a heaviness to his voice like the weight of a small bird held in the cup of his hands. Bucky had his suspicions about their relationship, but then he’d also seen Steve plant one on Sharon Carter so.
she shot back, then closed her eyes, like the way she’d closed her eyes in a Siberian bunker, thinking -
for everything the world had in store for her, seeing Cooper smile and knowing she had Laura on her side…
Vision stopped, looking up, looking beyond Wanda’s reflection and out onto the frosty grounds below.
“Then she starts panicking and crying and no joke, her eyeballs start bleeding, so I brought her here because I figure you’re way more qualified to deal with this than a hospital. Her name’s Kamala Khan by the way. Her family's from Pakistan.” Then he smiled, and Toni wasn't quite sure whether he was about to burst into laughter or tears.
There were others behind him but as the wind howled unforgivingly in the distance and the snow fell across a barren landscape and atop her eyelashes,
She licked her lips then tentatively reached out and touched his wrist. “Thanks for not giving me shit for it. Even though I’d deserve it.”
Kids needed to be around people their own age regardless of whether they were masquerading as a superhero by night or taking part in princessly duties by day. So she didn’t take pleasure in having to interrupt their nerdy bonding session before it got underway but she was on a tight schedule here.
my fault. All of it. But I’m going to fix it. I’m going to find a way and I’m going to fix it. I’ll fix
And still nothing. He still couldn’t put his finger to the screen, couldn’t bring himself to tap on her name, couldn’t find the courage to call his goddamn family.
Stark looked like she was standing on the edge of a knife, like the tiniest gust of wind in either direction would compromise her artfully crafted balance.
” she murmured, closing her eyes and just holding her because this is what she would’ve wanted, what she had
“He doesn’t deserve it,” she said, hating how weak she sounded, how it felt like a thousand knives that were sinking into her chest.
Vision and Toni slowly raised their heads from where they sat, shoulder to shoulder at the kitchen table, identical blank looks on their faces.
“Cool.” She glanced over her shoulder one last time and Bucky surreptitiously pocketed the wrench. “You’re free to go, Barnes. Enjoy the arm.”
They watched him walk down the aisle to the podium. His gaze flickered briefly to where they were seated and Toni gave him a discreet thumbs up before he began his pitch.
“Covered. Wrapped.” Her words were jilted, almost choked, like it was a challenge to get out. “There was...damage.”
Shuri sighed heavily with despair and sagged in her chair, her head hanging over the back of the headrest.
She thought about the pings to her phone, indicating the number of times he’d asked FRIDAY if she would let him know when Toni was free.
“Toni,” Vision greeted, and Stark made a distracted, questioning noise from where she was crouched by a hunk of heavy machinery whose wires and parts were exposed for the world to see. “I’ve brought Sergeant Barnes. Are we ready to begin the installation?”
Peter and Harley grinned at each other. “Sweet,” they said in unison and proceeded to fist-bump one another much to her hysterical exasperation.
The lines of his shoulders stiffened and Toni was prepared for him to say no, until he moved and the backs of his hands rest gently,
When she was done, she didn’t waste a beat before grabbing the parts she needed from the second deconstructed arm and began installing them. Her back and neck must’ve been killing her, bowed and bent in the same position for so long, but she gave no indication of any discomfort and her hands never trembled even once, whereas he hadn’t been able to feel his own ass for the last half hour.
“Cutting in,” Hope snapped in a tense voice, and they could hear the rapid flutter of her wings. “Found the bad guys. They’re, fuck, they’re HYDRA. Heard the salute and all.”
“Well, for starters you might wanna put some pants and shoes on the next time you walk out here at night. It can get a bit nippy.”
“I need to head into town to pick up some stuff anyway. Won’t be a few hours. Plus Lila and Coop need someone to watch them do their homework, so.”
Bucky already knew the answer but he felt compelled to ask, and kept his voice low, hoping that the speakers wouldn’t be able to pick it up.
you. You’re cool and you bought my art. But I want my dad too.” He agitatedly rubbed the back of his neck, an upset furrow between his brows and the color high on his cheeks. “If you weren’t cool I’d take my dad’s side.” Then he glared up at her mutinously, as if daring, maybe hoping, that she’d contradict. “But he screwed up too, right? I mean...like when you guys came last time things got fixed pretty quickly, right? Maybe,” he choked off and Toni watched helplessly as his eyes filled with tears, “maybe it could’ve been fixed a-a-and dad- dad-”
Agent Fern, less stiff than Hill but a hell of a force to be reckoned with, had rolled her eyes as she left the room earlier in a very uncharacteristic show of emotion.
Bucky gritted out, the blunt tips of his fingers digging into the flesh of his shoulder, right above the metal implant, but no one other than Steve appeared to have heard him.
She pretended not to watch as he reached for the plate with scarred, trembling hands and proceeded to serve himself. She’d read his file, knew about the car crash and the months thereafter where he practically drove himself into bankruptcy then disappeared off the face of the planet.
Watching Helen work was always a study in accuracy and finesse. She was swift and efficient, constantly aware of everything happening around her at all times and every movement, every motion was both precise and practical.
Bucky maintained contact with his gaze even as he reached for the jar of sugar and carton of cold milk.
Kamala hummed, appeased, and continued to watch, asking questions every now and again that Toni was happy to answer. It kept her mind off of her meeting with Ellis and the rest of her problems that sat on the horizon, an impending shadow that grew in size with every passing day. Sometimes she didn’t even know how she’d gotten this far. But if it was one thing Toni had grown to be, it was resilient, even if it felt like a little bit of her was chipped away with every catastrophe, every struggle.
“Message me the second he’s free and I’ll get right on that,” she promised, and Shuri’s grateful relief was palpable through the screen.
“You’re freaking out. I can literally hear you freaking out. I feel like I’ve just instigated a personal moral crisis.” came Stephen’s unbelievably lazy drawl, and she glared at him, feeling more than a little frazzled and in over her head.
In the end, though, Pepper was reliable and strong, so much stronger than Toni, which was probably why she’d been able to bounce back from their breakup far quicker than Toni had.
Never let it be said that Toni didn’t use her fame wisely to help a newly-enhanced girl get the hang of her powers.
hard to touch him. While Nat herself had done her fair share of public announcements and declaring her stance, she was a smallfry compared to the likes of Toni and Steve.
“Hey.” She blinked and Toni was frowning at her with disapproval and something as close to reassurance as they could be at this stage of their relationship. “Don’t think too hard. I was a shit conversationalist at the time. I still am. She deserves someone who knows her better. Just call her.”
“Do you remember how we first started this?” Helen asked after a time, her voice light but also curious.
It was the only sound she could hear. The word rang like a bell and tapered off into nothing and yet still its echo lingered in the silence.
She turned away, her profile caught in sharp relief by the glow of the hanging lights. “You hurt her,” she concluded and the phantom hand around his heart tightened its grip.
,” he added with a smirk, making her grimace. “Besides,” he said idly, finishing off the last dregs of his ginger beer, “I don’t need superpowers to take over as Iron Man once you retire.”
Toni began slowly removing one of the thick screws embedded into Barnes’ shoulder. It jarred against bone and metal as she slid it out, causing the hairs on the back of her neck to rise.
“Rogers, you asshole,” she muttered, glaring at the floating screens and swiping them all down with a violent gesture.
Toni shook her head. “Rhodey has enough to deal with and Pepper is running a company.” But it sounded like a flimsy excuse to her own ears and Hope knew that. “Look,” she sighed, “there just...there’s just never a good time. Rhodey and Pep know, hell,
got into a fight with them. Not you. I just dragged you in without telling you everything. My judgment is extraordinarily impaired and I am not a reliable source in this situation, kiddo so don’t—”
at.” She licked her already dry lips, treading into dangerous waters. “But not everything can be fixed. They won’t...they won’t be the same as they were before.”
And yet she was still here, determinedly partaking in the extremely thorough but straightforward presentation, and occasionally shooting discreet looks in his general direction, as if she needed to make sure he was still following.
But Toni shook her head, unable to feel pride in any way that Rhodey was intending her to. “Shouldn’t have had to in the first place. This world, man. When did it get so crazy?”
Last Christmas Toni had gotten a faceful of a hallucinogen thanks to some deranged scientist, had crawled into a highly amused Nat’s lap and proceeded to make out with her to the symphony of catcalls and wolf whistles from the others.
“I believe,” he continued slowly, thoughtfully, “that I was hesitant to read anything that could be construed as happy.”
Hopefully she wouldn't have to deal with Secretary Fucking Ross until a time when it really counted. And at that point, she would
. Was that she knew that if she turned around she’d be lost. If she looked into those green eyes she thought she knew so well, she might has well sign herself away right this second. And she was not ready. She was
Nat’s world suddenly felt blank, like all color and sound had been sucked from her surroundings. White noise muffled in her ears and her hand moved on its own, her fingers subconsciously reaching for the gun in her jacket in response to a threat that she couldn’t understand, couldn’t even
He’d anticipated something like this. And yet nothing of the little he knew about the relationship between Steve and Stark could’ve prepared him for
She knew Fury - fuck knows where he was - liked to think he had a monopoly on dealing with the World’s Biggest Shitstorms but Toni reckoned she could take him in a fight.
“But I got a call about an evil mad scientist experimenting on people in Pittsburgh,” she finished for him. “I remember that day. They were supposed to be serving deep fried macaroni balls. I had to miss lunch.”
during the Chitauri attack, and then again during the Ultron catastrophe. We understand their importance both in protecting this world as well as politically.” Ackerman paused then and licked her lips in the first sign of what Toni could only glean was
Because James Barnes was so good that Captain America fought the world for him to prove it. Because had their situations been reversed...James Barnes would not have done what she’d done.
The next day she saw Nat and T’Challa off; she stayed on the roof until the quinjet was out of view.
“Okay,” she began, tapping a rhythm on the outer edge of the arc reactor. “Let’s see. You ever seen Brady Bunch?”
Swallowing, Toni spun around until she could gaze up at Shuri, arms crossed, jaw hard and a scowl to rival all scowls present on her striking features.
here. I should be with-” He cut himself off before he could raise his voice in anything that may be deemed disrespectful to royalty. He sighed, feeling tired right down to his very bones. “Sorry.”
“Well,” Toni remarked because she never took orders well and she felt like being a salty bitch because
Looked like there was no getting out of that. Steve sighed and stood up straight, absently rubbing the bruise on his side.
“Y’heard what he said, Stark,” Clint drawled and Steve could’ve sworn out loud because he knew how long Clint had just been
He could still feel the cold, sharp pain from where the look in her eyes had pierced him right through the heart.
Finally, she pushed herself up from the stool, yanked off the magnifying visor and tossed that to the side as well. He watched, mildly intrigued, as once more, Vision caught it with one hand while never taking his eyes off of the 3D rendering of the internal going-ons of his arm.
A cold breeze filtered through the doorway of the shed and for a moment all she could see was white and the solid dark grey of a bunker. The air burned her lungs, made it hard to move. She reached out with one gauntlet for the shield.
“Whatever your decision, you’re not alone in this, Toni. If you bring him on board we will do exactly what we said we would do. We will take care of our own.”
“I shall accompany you, Sergeant Barnes,” Vision said politely without missing a beat, and as he glided past Stark, he briefly placed a hand on her shoulder and murmured something that she didn’t respond to, but neither did she lean away from his touch. As he came up beside Bucky, Vision gestured towards the door with one red hand. “Shall we?”
Against her will, she felt her earlier panic subside somewhat. Across from her, Laura gave Sam a small, polite smile. She glanced at Toni, licked her lips, then stood from her seat, brushing nonexistent lint from her pajama top.
“Sure you do,” he drawled, swivelling his gaze back to Coulson. “But none of them are as good as Stark.”
Some nights it helped. Some nights she couldn’t stop shaking and let Vision’s deep voice wash over her until she fell into a half-doze against his shoulder.
She and Rhodey watched Ellis hum, studying them both in return. Rhodey didn’t break composure and Toni maintained eye-contact, waiting.
. The people on the street who get forgotten. I saw you in Johannesburg and how you kept trying to drag the Hulk away from the city because you wanted to save them and because you didn’t want their deaths on your friend’s conscience. Because it was
Lila and Cooper scrambled to comply, obviously eager to get back to whatever they were doing before dinner. Lila caught Toni’s eye and smiled shyly, murmuring as she passed, “I hope your arm gets better soon, Aunt Toni.”
“During and even after Ultron I thought about humans indiscriminately. No one was more deserving of life or death than another. I believed that I felt equal regret if I was unable to save a child as were I unable to save a grown man.” He paused, dipping his head to the side. “I do not know whether it is a byproduct of knowledge or a result of the camaraderie that grew between those I worked with but I have found that there are people whose lives I would place above others.” Vision’s eyes glowed arc reactor blue. “Because I had in my mind rated Colonel Rhodes’ life above that of the average person’s, the fact that I had been the one to almost kill him made me feel as if I had failed him. He did not need to verbalize the sentiment for I had already come to the conclusion myself. So yes. It is...infinitely worse when tragedy befalls one of our own.”
And the thing was Toni really did look apologetic for her, the corners of her eyes and mouth turning down softly.
“Kamala Khan. Fifteen. Pakistani. She was exposed to some kind of mist. I’d normally say a biological weapon but there were others in the vicinity and she’s the only report according to FRIDAY.”
They moved with impressive efficiency and Toni stepped out of the way again while Helen set up the stasis rings around Barnes’ shoulder.
“My promises,” she mouthed to herself under her breath, and saw them shift in the periphery of her vision. “My,” she said, a little louder, just loud enough for them all to hear, “
She sighed heavily and pressed the red fabric, still a little damp from bay water, to her forehead, wishing she could go back and erase that look of shame and misery and
“Spider-Man, what’s your status?” Toni demanded as she flew around the building, shooting a compound at all the strategic points to keep the building intact for just a bit longer.
“I have seen him try so hard, every single day, to fight the monster he believes he is. Do you know he actively tries not to touch people because he’s afraid he’s going to kill them?” she demanded, the color high on her cheeks in her fury. “Can you even imagine that? Even when he is himself. He refuses to
It was barely three seconds but it felt like a lifetime, something cold and hot and nuclear building inside of her chest, and something loud
“You look like crap, Stark,” Hope commented bluntly, but her eyes were narrowed in scrutiny. “When’s the last time you slept?”
“My brother called me before he brought Sergeant Barnes back to Wakanda and told me that he was innocent and that Everett Ross had the real man in custody. I didn’t believe him. Not until he brought him to my lab. Have you ever seen an injured lion being taunted and attacked by one of our war rhinos, Stark?”
Toni was sure that wasn’t the case, but she supposed she could see it from Laura’s point of view; having her husband deck it to rejoin the Avengers when he’d only just given it up. But she also knew Clint not as a husband, but
“Machine Woman was one of them. Then there’s Mechanic. That one’s cool.” Laura continued and Toni listened. “Lila calls her Aunt Toni, Coop just calls her Toni. Sometimes we call her Iron Man.”
In his moment of distraction, he didn’t notice the large robot coming his way until the chart exploded wildly in front of him and he was suddenly face to face with a giant
Hope nodded, her expression betraying nothing but understanding, acceptance and maybe even agreement.
“I am grateful, you know? For everything you’ve done,” he said finally, because he needed her to know that. This astonishingly brilliant and bright kid who could run circles around him without breaking a sweat. “With your help and now with this? I’m just…” he shrugged, letting the corner of his mouth lift in an imitation of a smile, the best he could do, “I’m just like every other person who’s been to war. And that’s...that’s a damn deal better than what I was before when I had to chain myself to the wall just because I was scared I’d turn in my sleep.”
That’s...that’s awesome. Good work everybody. Okay. Okay, you keep an eye on that while I finish this baby up. Put her down, Barnes. I still gotta finish up the wiring and affix the rest of the plating.”
SO. Shuri! ❤ Some of you might already know this but I love Shuri so much. But I wanted to angst up her character just a liiiittle bit because we didn't get to see much about how she'd felt after her dad's death in Black Panther so I wanted to give her something a little different here. I hope this chapter gives a little bit of an insight into my take on her and the reason why she was so stilted and cold around Toni. I think disappointment in an icon, in someone you BELIEVED in is a pretty powerful thing, especially when it's someone you looked up to and wanted to be.
what you just said, right? But yes, yes I did. I...came bearing gifts, actually. Or just. It’s one gift, really. For you.” She fumbled a little, almost dropping her gift when Cloak got in the way, and then held out the two inconspicuously looking items in the palm of her hand.
- she sniffed at the word - somehow temporarily healed what was broken, re-wired all the disconnected parts of his body and made them whole, if only for a moment. Then she wondered if he could do it permanently, and if he could, why didn’t he?
It wouldn’t make much of a difference if they couldn’t push all the amendments through, and there was the whole using Bucky as a sales pitch - well-intentioned or not - that he still wasn’t comfortable with. But he couldn’t deny that that aspect at least was very
She knew. She knew that really well. Oh, she could do it if it was Ross but she’d rather not think of the amount of paperwork, or dirty dealing she’d have to do to get him to yield. Or what it would cost her in the long run.
wrong you have my full permission to jump in and save your boy.” Then walking up to him, she pinned him with dark brown eyes, devoid of all emotion and whispered in a quiet voice for only him and Bucky to hear. “However. You. See.
the things you told all those old white men who tried to take your company away from you and use your mind, your brilliant,
Just then the door to the meeting room a little way down opened and the HR woman who had pulled her aside earlier stepped out.
have been present in her or Natasha, but they hadn’t had a mission in ages and this felt like a final exam after skiving school all year.
But in that one moment, in that shared second, something had shifted, some determination, some strength dredged up from a frozen wasteland. And as dismal as it seemed, it had also given him hope. Just small, barely there, but all seeds could take root if given enough care.
Something grim crossed over Bucky’s expression as he looked from Shuri to Helen, to Toni and finally to Steve, who could do nothing else but step closer to the glass, wishing he could be in that room.
She didn’t have an answer for that. None at least that would appease him. Luckily for her she knew her face said everything her own words couldn’t.
He knew what the others were thinking. What’re you doing, Barton? Why’re you taking so long? Dude, just fucking
“Okay,” she said at last and Vision’s form visibly relaxed in her periphery. “As far as I’m able to I won’t let her be alone with any of them
Raising her chin defiantly, her eyes flashing gloriously, she replied with such compelling certainty,
Vision looked at her, absorbing her words and she could almost see his mind extrapolating the information, drawing theories and arguments from all areas of the internet before coming to a conclusion. It was unfair and unkind of her to think it, but it had been what JARVIS had done whenever she’d posed these vast questions to him.
Like she knew he would, Peter became part of the team through a combination of hilariously exuberant introductions and being wildly capable in training sessions.
Harley heard it all anyway for he sent her the side-eye, a dry smile playing on his mouth. He’d always been too smart for his own good.
Nat gave him a scathing look but there existed poorly-veiled sympathy, perhaps even understanding in the downward turn of her mouth.
It was her final day in Wakanda when Steve finally went to Nat and said, “I’ve got everything I wanted to put in, I think. For the most part.”
“Hovers,” she finished for him. “Well-meaning but still,” she shrugged unapologetically, “a nuisance.”
In putting herself out there Toni had always made herself a target. But this was different. This was the big leagues, the
He wanted to believe. God, he wanted to believe so badly, but it was so hard to look past everything that went wrong, everything that they’d done, everything he wished he could take back.
It was funny how Bucky, larger-than-life Bucky, managed to look small in that bed, in that room, in the middle of all these competent doctors walking back and forth, checking and re-checking equipment. He looked paler than usual in his white shirt and against the black leather of the operating table.
Toni gazed down at what was once a torn, bleeding mess and let out a hushed breath that was almost close to a laugh.
He also noticed a lightness to Stark’s work now, noticed how her fingers seemed to caress the metal after she fitted in a new panel. Her thumb would rub across the grooves between the panels and she would squint as she ensured each component was properly fitted.
it. She thought she’d done that what with the training period and unlocking all the extras as he progressed and improved.
When she was done, Toni hesitated only for a moment before picking the girl up - and fuck but kids were heavier than she realized - and put her back into bed. As she’d exited the room again, leaving it slightly ajar, the way she’d learned the girl preferred, she thought she heard Laura’s bedroom door click shut.
Warmth was etched into every corner. In the organized mess, the lines where the lab ended and the nest began blurred in front of his eyes and Bucky slowly felt the lingering clusters of tension in his shoulders, back and fist relax.
- the way she’d done, had had to do so many times before. Because she was good at it. Because she knew what to say most of the time, and if she didn’t there was always Pepper or her PR team to help her make it up on the spot.
“Yeah,” he said, looking down first at his metal palm - where Stark had pressed her own only moments ago - then back at Stark, who was already hunched over a monitor. Back in the observation room Steve was also staring at Stark’s back, but he smiled, if a little tired and strained, when he locked eyes with Bucky.
.” She almost laughed. Because it was the same old case, wasn’t it? Regardless of who else was fighting, regardless of who else was on the line, as soon as Toni Stark took a stand, everything was on
Toni had been privy to Peter’s identity, whether by his own admission or because she’d made the call and hadn’t given him a choice in the matter. Before giving him the new suit she had probably intended on clarifying just how far he was willing to let people, let the
“Hopefully this time, now that we are laying it all out for the world to see, people will begin to understand the importance of what we are doing,” Vision imparted, and god, he sounded like JARVIS.
Her eyes widened in horror as if he had just struck her, and as he took a step forward she took one back, her tight fist pressing into the center of her chest.
“People always should’ve listened,” Rhodey pointed out. “But I agree,” he acquiesced, “that the introduction of the Accords in the first place could’ve gone better. We could’ve made people more receptive, ease them into the idea that a level of control was always going to be necessary.”
At that moment Toni came striding swiftly into the operating room, her scrubs, matching the high-necked ones that Helen and the rest of her team wore, already neatly donned, and her hair in a hairnet that was tied at the back of her head.
“You’re doing good work here, Toni,” came Stephen’s quiet voice as he stood once more, finishing off the last of his lemonade and carelessly tossing the empty glass through a portal. “I understand your reasons for creating this space and I respect them. So I say this with only the best of intentions; I think this is necessary and I believe the others think so as well. But I also think you should prepare yourself for the eventuality that one day The Room is going to be utilized in the manner as Doctor Banner intended. I know that’s not what you want to hear but there will always be threats, Toni. And this may be the only way to contain them.”
could still be the glue that kept them together over the course of however long it was going to take to be okay again.
“I heard that Nadja Kankaraš was appointed as the Sokovian Panel Head. She is a good and smart woman.”
Toni grimaced behind her mask at the flesh that was weeping blood and puss. “In addition to his healing factor, going into cryo so often must’ve been slowing it down all the while. It was a good thing he decided to go under in Wakanda or this could’ve been worse.”
. God, it felt like betrayal of the worst kind because how could she be here when he wasn’t? What right did she have? Like she was rubbing it in his face. Like she was rubbing it in
Wanda’s fingers twisted in the hem of her black top and she dipped her head in acquiescence. “Me too. Thank you.”
“Reckon everybody knows your name after Leipzig,” Clint supplied carelessly in an undertone. He had the phone T’Challa had given him in hand and his attention kept alternating between it and the TV. Steve often wanted to shout at him,
Toni cheered and clapped her hands at T’Challa’s genuine happiness. She was joined soon after by Pepper, Hill, Natasha and Vision. Rhodey gave an ear-splitting whistle and Hope gave a polite, if reserved clap, then set her hands back down on the table.
“War Machine, you’re gonna have to punch open a hole; stick an IOU somewhere and I’ll see about picking up the tab.”
A hysterical laugh bubbled out of her throat and Laura ran a hand through her hair, trying to get her breathing under control. More than a month with Toni Stark and she
a little further it could bring everything back. I see...snippets. Disjointed images and the story’s all out of sequence. My therapist said it was
Vision didn’t even take a second to think. Then again he wouldn’t. Synthezoids and eidetic memory went hand in hand.
At this Toni’s expression morphed into one of sympathy and she gently clapped Nat on the shoulder as she stood to go and gather her kids.
Opposite them Barton stood tense, his jaw harder than Toni had ever seen him. Red curled in her vision and Toni had to skim over Wanda’s flexing red fingers. Scott Lang stood on the other side, practically vibrating on the spot, his focus solely on Hope. Toni almost smiled. There was Wilson, who kept darting furtive glances at Rhodey, like he just had to make sure he was standing.
“So you admit it,” Shuri declared with almost desperate triumph. “Whatever it is that made you want to kill him. He wasn’t in control. It was HYDRA.”
And here in the Compound they hadn’t been given one. And because Steve wasn’t the team leader anymore he couldn’t create one that was remotely close to what he had before.
So, my plan to have this chapter out a week after the previous one failed pretty spectacularly. I initially thought I had about 90% of it done and then decided to add in like...six thousand more words, so...yeah. I hope those extra six thousand make up for the late update?
“Barton and Ling,” she called, cutting through the tense silence. All eyes were on her, like ten red targets.
After an eternity of a second, Natasha spoke, quiet and reverent and as much of a promise as she was capable of.
It was the tremor in her voice that broke Toni’s heart twice over and she reached out and took Kamala’s hand in hers, squeezing it gently.
Bucky recalled several times, both during and after missions, where his shoulder bled and ached something fierce, and all HYDRA’s doctors would do was extend the shoulder implant just a little further across his collarbone.
Toni knew that in the moment of quiet that followed, near silent footsteps were making their way towards her. She felt it in the tingling at the back of her neck, the raising of hair on her arms and the staccato of her heart beat against the arc reactor, deep within her chest.
Instead all she saw was black. Just black. And starlight. The edge of a galaxy and the start of one new one. Billions upon billions of stars, and twice as many opportunities of
Rhodey, whose legs were getting back into shape quicker than before thanks to Shuri infusing Wakandan technology into Toni’s prostheses and linking it up with a new and improved War Machine armor, had started joining in on training with the others when he wasn’t in PT. It was kind of adorable how bug-eyed Peter got when Rhodey walked out in his new suit. Even Hope was impressed.
. I passed out, thought I was gonna die, which would’ve been preferable, mind you because it was fucking cold. But then I woke up. And I realized that nobody was coming, that I’d been left there to die. Like vermin.” Her lip curled and she felt something ugly twist inside her chest where the mangled parts of her heart were being slowly shredded by weapons of her own making. Because it had been like Afghanistan all over again. “So you know what I did? I crawled my way out. Like
“I showed him pictures every day. I’d say ‘look, that’s daddy’ and Nate would say ‘hi daddy’ and I thought— But he just started to cry when his father tried to hold him.” She bit her lip, looking unhappy. But it was anger, not sadness, and for all that Toni had no right to take sides in this, she couldn’t help that tiny weed of
Toni blinked, the present catching up to her in a roaring wave and she shook her head, squinting away the black.
“Shut up. You look like crap.” Natasha whipped out a makeup bag - where exactly in that tight pencil dress would she have hidden it? - shoved a few pins in her hair to keep it out of her face, and then proceeded to wipe off Toni’s ruined makeup with swift, professional motions.
And no hero-ing. If you’re in trouble you call one of us,” was all she offered and something in Harley’s shoulders gave way to relief.
- and turned away from them all but maintained herself in close proximity to T’Challa. Clint wondered whether she was usually this attentive of her duties or whether it was their presence here that seemed to keep her perpetually alert. It wasn’t like they
“Sergeant Barnes,” came her polite voice, and Steve paused in surprise and slowly set down his tablet. “Boss and Doctor Cho are ready for you now.”
It was Bucky’s reaction to his contract that was Steve’s main concern. When Natasha had mentioned there would be conditions regardless of whether he chose to be an Avenger or live a civilian life, Steve had expected the worst.
“So you took them with you,” Toni nodded. “Where they sit in your home and do-” She squinted at him. “-what exactly? What’s their contribution in fixing all of this?”
Hope found her a few hours later in one of the training rooms, and didn’t bother to quieten her footsteps as she stepped over the tiered wooden seats and sat next to Toni.
walked away from red, white and blue. From a metal arm. From the sound of glass and her heart being ripped from her chest. From her mother’s scream. From her mother-
“No,” she finally said, but admitting it did not feel like defeat. “No I can’t promise that even once we’ve managed to push all our changes through that there won’t still be things they...or
“Toni,” he murmured quietly as the Nigerian representative calmly brought up one of the amendments - one of Rhodey’s - about the importance of time and response to a situation if a country head could not be contacted. “Your hand is freezing.”
In her mind’s eye she could see the man who had managed to change her more in those three months than most people had deigned to take the time to. She could see Yinsen and his gentle hands, his soft, forgiving eyes as he asked her not to waste her life. The second chance that he had given her.
“Toni Stark and Colonel Rhodes.” Ellis’ lined face morphed into something both dignified and reasonable, a man willing to listen, a man who had perhaps already made up his mind but was willing to hear them out anyway. “I’ve been looking forward to this meeting for a few months now. When I got your call I’ll admit that I thought...
Vision nodded slowly. “He either believes that HYDRA will come to rescue him or that whatever else they have planned will go smoothly with or without him. Either way he has a remarkable level of
That was probably codeword for ‘as long as you think you need until you can clean up this mess you made.’ She would take it.
“No,” she said, shaking her head and opening the door. “That was all you. I dig it.” With one last, fleeting smile, she jumped out of the car and ran towards Happy.
Analysis complete. Data suggests that Vision’s compromised mental state delayed the return of Antonia Edwina Stark by approximately five-hundred and twenty-three point four hours due to
Shuri’s name had been mentioned, and in a moment of weakness - for the sake of familiarity...for the sake of his
It had taken Wanda a while to request that a copy be sent to her and often had a pinched expression on her face while she read it. Bucky didn’t know much about her situation, just a few scathing remarks about Stark and the deep longing on her face whenever someone mentioned Vision. Sam had mentioned to him once that she and her brother had willingly given themselves over to HYDRA to be experimented on and blamed Stark for the death of their family. Bucky suspected that was an oversimplification scratched deep into her psyche by years of pain and rage but he couldn’t begrudge her for it. Not when Antonia Stark’s distraught face haunted his dreams and the sound of her screams -
Vision gave a despairing sigh. “As you wish. I am now attempting to aid Black Panther in extracting the remaining civilians. We should be able to clear the rest of the floors shortly.”
The man laughed, low and lazy. “Easier to come by than you think.” Then his eyes rolled towards the one-way mirror, meeting Toni’s gaze with impossible precision. “You’ve got one right here, don’t you?”
The room was deathly quiet; whether it was out of respect of because they wanted to see the spectacle that was Toni Stark was beyond her ability to gauge. Somewhere above her T’Challa sat like a statue, regal and confident. On a row to her right were Coulson, May and Johnson, their attention unwavering. Vision, Rhodey and Nat were somewhere on the left side of the room while a sea of international faces gazed down at her from all angles.
If Toni felt this bad she imagined Clint felt a million times worse. It was the only reason she could think of as to why he hadn’t called yet, especially when she had already given him the one tool to do so.
Toni nodded. “First law of thermodynamics. A basic yet fundamental rule of the universe. Even if the universe has
,” she added in a biting undertone that he was likely not meant to hear. “But anyway. I let him give her my designs. For someone whose knowledge of vibranium and Wakandan technology is so limited she caught up phenomenally quick. I suppose I shouldn’t have expected any less,” she uttered with a kind of bitterness that seemed solely directed at herself.
“Fuck,” Hope cursed, stumbling over a few wires to one of the metal trolleys and filling a needle full of god knows what.
“Tell me why,” she said, then backtracked hastily. “If you like, you know. You’re not obligated to telling me anything you don’t want to. Y’know, within reason.”
. And maybe, just maybe, it was going to be okay. “Thank you for this, y’know?” He tossed the phone in the air and caught it again.
Toni couldn’t allow herself to think of that because if she did, if she fell down that rabbit hole it would set her back
Dummy beeped at him angrily, quietly threatening, then very deliberately rolled over Bucky’s feet - which
“That’s, that’s still not my name,” he uttered to Hope, who consoled him with a nod and a, “She’s like that.”
to reassure him with. Which was perhaps the worst way to start this, this new beginning she’d been trying to frame it as. She had nothing to offer Peter, who was young and impressionable and so insightful that even she couldn’t get past him.
When Laura turned around, carrying two mugs of Earl Grey - one with a couple of slices of lemon floating in the steaming amber liquid and the other undoubtedly milky and sugary - she paused, catching
Rosie rolled in on her little wheels with a tall glass of something green balanced precariously on her back. Toni bent down to pick it up and patted the happily chirping robot on her visual implement before the little bot zoomed back out again, likely to tell Vision that she’d successfully completed her mission.
It was hours later when Steve’s battered body finally sank down onto the couch in the suite he shared with the other Avengers. The other
She lingered for two more seconds, nodded sharply, then walked past him, her standard issue boots making muffled thumps on the floor as she left.
There was a long moment while Bucky stared at his upraised fist that hovered just inches from his face, and the socket wrench that was gripped between solid metal fingers. After a time he lowered his hand, simultaneously letting out a slow breath, and then looked up at Stark.
the new face of the Avengers? The new team after Captain America and the rest of the Rogue Avengers left?”
Natasha pondered on the irony of it all, wondering why Toni had consecutive bouts of shitty luck and why the universe seemed to be out to get her at every turn when all she wanted to do was something good.
“I’m sorry.” It was all he could offer. It wasn’t enough. It wouldn’t be enough. Not until he was home, not until he could see her, see his kids, look at what he’d left behind. “I’m so sorry, Laura.”
“Hey,” she said, turning her body fully towards Nat’s so their knees brushed. This, too, was familiar. “It’s gonna be okay. Seriously. You’re their friend. They trust you. A
“You probably didn’t get to do this last time but maybe try looking up at the night sky tonight. It’s a hell of a view. One you don’t really get to see, not even from that tower of yours.”
she kept forgetting - turned around, lowering his hands. His forehead was shiny with exertion and his sleeves rolled up to his elbows. Cloak was hovering over Shuri, who seemed to be conversing with it and showing off her findings using exuberant hand movements. Vision was, once more, using the Mind Stone to seamlessly solder two wall panels together.
“Ms. Stark, they’re ready for you,” she called, straight-backed and hands clasped at her front. She gave T’Challa a lingering look but otherwise said nothing.
“I am glad,” T’Challa finally said, leaning forward and resting his chin in the palm of his hand, looking the most laid back that she’d seen in a while, “that Shuri is building pillow forts and cultivating healthy rivalries with other teenagers. She never gets to do this in Wakanda. Not even when she was a child.”
He just barely caught and deflected a kick to his sternum, hissing as the impact of her foot stung his palm.
Her phone said eleven and she wordlessly showed it to Rhodey, whose eyebrows jumped up into his hairline.
Steve strode over and enveloped his friend in a hug and Bucky, after a couple of seconds, returned it with his one flesh arm.
into the glowing discs as it fell, leaving the majority of the street and all the aid workers unharmed.
“I spent eight straight days with her on the Guarantor Clause. His Highness brought it up during the first round of talks but we’ve been breaking it down even further. Doesn’t affect you anymore but for us masked guys who’d prefer to keep our identity from the public and the Council? It’s vital. I only got through sixty pages of her notes but I kept seeing Spider-Man’s name pop up.” Hope crossed her arms and jerked her chin towards where Toni was cleaning the blood and dirt from Parker’s hands. There was something very intimate about it. “She knew from the start that she wanted to be Spider-Man’s handler because she knew he was just a kid and would want to keep his identity a secret. The clause has a huge section on anonymity and even provides for where a masked hero doesn’t want his or her identity to be revealed to the team.”
than Laura suspected an AI was supposed to sound. If FRIDAY had fingers she’d probably be twisting them right about now. “I mean you no harm. Boss takes Asimov’s first law quite seriously.”
Still stunned at the fact that he now had an almost fully-functioning arm, he did as he was told, resting it back down. She made quick work of the rest of it, fitting the smooth casing over the foundations, covering up the wires and lights with silver, chrome and black. The lines were sleek and the plates closer together, lending it a smoother appearance than any of its predecessors.
When she looked at Vision, she found a gentleness to his eyes, something soft and fond. “She will never admit to it.” The softness gave way to what she could only describe as concern a moment later, his jaw ticking in a way that Nat was almost entirely certain it was not meant to.
It took five of them to remove the final piece, having to work double time against the blood coming out of the actual open wound that was Barnes’ shoulder and against the fact that his healing factor was going a little haywire.
Her lips twitched marginally. She’d never gotten the chance to use Protocol GTFO but while the image of a fire-extinguisher-brandishing Dummy attacking Maria hill was funny in her head, the chance that Maria might just point her gun at him was decidedly
“Back! Everybody get back now!” she shouted, shooting the larger pieces of debris into harmless dust before they could compromise Roxxon and the tentatively contained explosion that was still going on inside that green sphere. Seriously
“Hey,” she panted, squeezing her eyes shut to shake away the cobwebs and opening them again. “Easy, girl. Not a heart attack. That’s good. Anxiety I can…” Deal with? Questionable. “Handle. We can handle this. Just. Just give me a moment.”
It didn’t need any more explanation than that and Toni eyed the tablet distantly but made to move to take it.
Warm, cautious fingers slipped down the side of her wrist before sliding between her fingers. As if he had given her the all clear, as if he’d broken whatever spell the cold had cast on her, her lungs resumed their work and she released a slow, steadying breath.
“You told me to call if I needed you,” she said, the words sounding both physically present yet so far away to her own ears, like they were being spoken by someone else. Her chest felt like a string stretched taut and all Steve had to do was reach out with one finger and
Straightening her sleeves, she glared and made to move past him. “I need to get ready for my speech. So if you’ll excuse me.”
As always, thank you all for your support and your wonderful comments. I'm honestly amazed at how many of you have mentioned shipping IronPanther in this fic and honestly, your excitement is infectious and I've already been thinking about where to timestamp an IronPanther spinoff from this fic because dear god, T'Challa would make SUCH a wonderful boyfriend ❤ So thank you all for inspiring me!
Bucky remained very still as he watched her, letting her manipulate the arm, bending it gently up and down at the wrist.
He opened his eyes into a dimly lit room and someone talking, the sound muffled slightly. There was a warm feeling by his ribs and he blinked slowly in confusion at the dark lump there where the voice seemed to be emanating from.
I'm so sorry this took so darn long but this is one mega long chapter and it took me so long to tie all these half-written scenes together but finally, here we are, folks, here we are. I hope you all enjoy. It has been a very stressful last few weeks and I'm sorry I haven't replied to your comments but I will get on them as soon as I can, I promise! Thank you to everybody who has stuck with me this far because reading and re-reading your comments has seriously saved me when I got overwhelmed writing my own story. Thank you all so much for your kind words and support and I really hope you all enjoy this monstrosity of a chapter!
The sadness melted out of Shuri’s face, turning it back into something warm and sweet. Then she rolled her eyes and sighed heavily, hopping up onto the biobed and glaring at the floor in irritation.
“It’s like-” He paused to chew. “You’re thinking loudly. About a million things and you keep skipping from one topic to the next without finishing the one before that. Or it’s like when you have a conversation with someone and you stop halfway and finish it in your head then ask the other person ‘so what do you think?’”
Toni just about had a fit but managed to maintain at least a decent level of composure, even as her body was practically
Laura smiled wanly. “Blueberry pancakes it is.” She threaded her fingers with Toni’s under the table and squeezed. “After breakfast, okay? Not a moment before.”
on the side. Steve felt his heart sink and Nat closed her eyes, shaking her head as Clint drank straight from carton. When he was done, he lowered the carton, mouth twisted in a smug grin as he said, “We wanna watch. You cool with that?”
“And you wore green,” Natasha murmured. “It was obviously old and Pepper had sent you that black and gold dress but you refused to wear it because-”
“You’re perfect,” she said, then turned his hand over and threaded her fingers through his smooth metal ones and squeezed.
And Natasha had helped do that. Whatever happened in Siberia, that one event that had truly broken their family apart that she was too afraid to ask about...maybe it wouldn’t have happened had she not let Steve and Bucky go. Maybe if she’d tried harder to talk to her friends. Maybe if she’d been able to speak to Toni properly, come up with a gameplan,
Her mouth snapped shut on the retort when she saw Ayo with T’Challa and Vision in tow, both of whom had come to a cautious stop next to Natasha and Okoye.
“Yes,” was Vision’s weighted response as he draped a blanket over her shoulders and settled down next to her.
“Toni,” Vision called without turning around, “I believe Dummy is attempting to intimidate your patient.”
Lips curling upward at the corners, Vision took a cautious step closer as if heedful of her reaction to his proximity the whole time. And when had that started? Or had she always been so self-absorbed that she never realized she might’ve given Vision cause to feel unsure and insecure around her? That maybe she’d made him feel
Toni shook her head. “It’s fine.” It wasn’t. But she knew Natasha didn’t mean it like that. Maybe. But she also knew what people said about her and Ross and okay, no,
“In that case,” Shuri spoke up finally, stepping around her brother, a fiesty glint reflected in her dark eyes, “spar with me, Captain.” His surprise and uncertainty must have shown, for she grinned cheekily, a far cry from her earlier impassiveness. “Okoye has been teaching me one on one.”
Sam studied him for a long moment before speaking. “Y’know. One day you’re gonna have to tell them what happened in Siberia. The longer you leave it the harder it’ll be. And the harder it’ll hit them.”
Natasha didn’t speak immediately and Toni would’ve gotten impatient had she not known that the silence wasn’t a way to stall, but a way to get her thoughts together. Even if she had the most impressive poker face the world had ever seen while she did.
Bucky said nothing as Stark picked up the electric screwdriver and began removing the scorched panels. She had FRIDAY run a diagnostic on the circuitry, highlighting all the damaged ports in red on the hologram. Stark quickly and efficiently removed those too before she spent another twenty minutes manually checking each and every implement.
“I thought,” she began shakily, “I thought you’d eventually get bored or frustrated with me if I didn’t understand stuff. I mean with Peter and Harley and Shuri you guys get to talk about all kinds of things and they-” She stopped to inhale a shuddering breath. “Sometimes my teachers-”
He’d thought that out of all of them she would’ve been one of the first to come, if only for her informally appointed role as referee and middleman to their two very obvious groups.
She heard him push his own chair back, heard his footsteps as he came around the counter and stopped, and she was so grateful that he didn’t come any closer because if he did she didn’t know
She stretched over the side of the bed and dug around inside her bag for her tablet. Opening up the only document that mattered, she started to read.
The buzzing in her ears got louder and the tips of her fingers were icy and numb even as torrid heat crawled up the back of her neck and pain throbbed behind her eyes.
“I have some turnips out back. Brussel sprouts and kale too. They’ll be ready for harvesting soon. I could use the help when the time comes.” Toni didn’t say anything and just sat there in the grass, waiting. “Also got an old pickup that needs some work. Clint’s been promising to fix it up for years but he never got around to it.”
Just before they landed in the middle of a spot the police had cordoned off just for them, T’Challa grabbed her arm and surveyed her up and down with a proud smile. In the suit she was just as tall as him. Which meant she’d be just as tall as-
As she turned back around, her hand landing on the door handle, her gaze locked with gray-green eyes, pale and stormy and tinged with a
. The need to protect, to save his best friend, to save the one person whom he couldn’t before but had been given a second chance to, he could never regret it.
Above her Shuri’s features were twisted in discomfort, but her gaze was just as sharp and attentive as ever.
“That sure is something,” he murmured finally, some unnamed emotion in his voice and she felt his hand shake for a moment before he let go.
Toni blinked, surveying the team, the first flutters of flustered panic twirling around in her chest before they settled into something that resembled anticipation.
Evidently still simmering from the exchange the day before, Stark spared Bucky a derisive yet cautious look, then jerked her chin towards the empty chair nestled in the middle of a cluster of equipment and parts.
“I asked KAREN to show me recordings of your heroic escapades,” she admitted immediately. “For...science. Kind of.”
But it was Rhodey who met Steve’s eyes unflinchingly, whose mouth was twisted in a slight sneer, something angry and protective and
“Yeah,” he admitted after a while, looking off into the corner but seeing a replay of the Avengers on the news. “Not sure at what though.”
When he opened his eyes, he did something he hadn’t done in a while, something that JARVIS had never been programmed to do but had accomplished in his own way.
Either T’Challa got tired of waiting for an answer or he’d never expected one in the first place, for he dug into his pocket and pulled out something thin and metallic. It looked vaguely familiar but it was embedded with a glowing lattice of what was undoubtedly vibranium.
They stared at one another for a long time, Toni measuring his words until they were on the same platform, until the understanding between them evened out like the bubble of a spirit level, perfectly balanced.
“Or maybe,” Laura spoke gently, “that cog was perfect. And so were all the other pieces. They were just moving a little out of sync because they were too used to working for their own little individual machines and agendas as opposed to something that was meant to be bigger and better.”
“That’s one in the swear jar for you, Vis,” Stark said, managing to crack a smile, as stressed and tired as it was. “But yeah. Quarters. Quarters, quarters, quarters. All right, Barnes. We got this.”
He didn’t glance at the time, he didn’t need to, but Toni could feel the silent judgment anyway, and rolled her eyes as she pulled him to his feet.
Then there’d been the guy in the red cape with the glowing hands, the one who somehow managed to contain an entire explosion within what looked to be a globe made of green light.
It was a weak argument but valid in its own right. They hadn’t talked about it. Not once. They hadn’t even discussed it. Just shared heavy, despondent looks and tucked it away neatly in the box of things to think of when shit wasn’t hitting the fan. This was on both of them, the first ones who’d seen the footage, who’d witnessed the one thing that would break them all apart, maybe for good.
“We are literally in a different dimension,” he explained, hands in his pockets as he came up beside her. “This entire training room is in the mirror dimension,
She narrowed her eyes at the seemingly inconspicuous door, trying to see what he was seeing, and let out a small “oh” when she found it.
like an animal,” Shuri muttered, then gazed pleadingly at Toni through the screen. “You should speak to him. Tell him he’s being a brute. He’ll listen to you. And Nakia has been radio silent in Ghana for three weeks now.”
. She’d fucked up. God, she had fucked up. Again. And no matter how many times she tried she just kept fucking up.
“Make sure I don’t do something like blow your pal’s arm off again?” she sneered. And after everything she’d already done, after everything she was already trying to do when she owed Bucky
And in that moment it was just the two of them in this space of quiet, in this second where all the doors were open, where every hurt was unveiled, and he thought that if he could only just
He wondered what they were thinking, what thoughts were running through their heads. What they were extrapolating from seeing Toni, once their friend and ally, speaking on behalf of the team -
“FRIDAY, add note next to Clause 31(2)(b). Civilian safety should be paramount if we’re called into someone else’s wars.”
In Wakanda they’d all had structure. Even Bucky, going in and out of the ice, being subjected to tests and neural reprogramming, it had been
The holo screen, which had the dual functionality of acting as a cover as well as displaying his vitals, disappeared and he sat up out of his melancholy musings.
and one who had no obligation to let him stay. He swore, eyes squeezing shut. “Shit. That was not- Shit.”
“No apologies necessary, Mr. Barton. Least of all to me.” He smiled wryly when Clint looked at him questioningly. “I am not innocent in this affair, regardless of the fact that I am offering you sanctuary. Consider this my...repentance. For causing such harm to people whom I would one day call friends. I only wish I could offer it to other members of your broken family.”
Maybe that was why they did it. Maybe Nat just wanted to protect herself, protect what they all had, for as long as it lasted.
“Toni,” Vision said again, quietly insistent and she saw Natasha eye their entwined hands with something akin to blank curiosity and speculation and it was so
“It is interesting,” he said in a low voice, “that you believe the reason I have changed is because of Toni. Because you think she has somehow manipulated my thinking when in reality,
He sighed softly, elbows resting on his knees as he gazed, unseeing at the floor, cursing himself at how easily his thoughts always strayed towards Toni. Toni and that stupid letter and that stupid phone.
Laura shrugged. “I’m a light sleeper. Comes with being married to a spy. Never know when he’s gonna come sneaking in middle of the night.”
“Let’s try this again.” She scratched the skin around the arc reactor and looked directly into Natasha’s face. “Why are you here, Natasha?”
“Why does Stark sleep in your room?” Vision remained silent and Wanda took a step closer. “I’ve felt her presence in there almost every time I came looking for you.”
“I do not think,” T’Challa said finally without a trace of judgment or offense, “that I am the one you intended to tell this to.” Then he reached across the table and, like he’d done earlier that day, took both her hands in his, cupped them between his palms and just held them, deeper than a hug, warmer than a prayer. And it hurt, it hurt, it hurt so much. “You, Antonia Stark, are not vermin.”
is that…” She bit the insides of her cheeks and shook her head. “I don’t know. Just...they’re here now and...and
“There we go,” she said without looking at him. From what he’d experienced so far, she was very conservative with those moments. “FRIDAY, can we can give those folks in the doghouse a closeup feed?”
she wanted to trust Natasha again. She wanted the solidarity they’d established when they’d been the only two women on the team. Or no. Not that. Not what they had
“It’s HYDRA, all right,” Natasha grunted to the sound of someone getting knocked out in the background. “And they’ve got a lot of weapons I’ve never seen before.”
Wanda visibly flinched, looking hurt and betrayed, but all Steve could think about was how this was getting out of hand faster than he knew how to gather it all back together.
That really shouldn’t have affected her as much as it did but her heart jumped inside her chest, something warm and soft curling behind her ribcage. And Toni didn’t really know what to say to that as color crawled its way up her neck until neither she nor Shuri were able to meet one another’s gaze and poor Peter just looked even more confused and maybe a little embarrassed being witness to whatever
what day he meant. “That’s the one day that I can’t seem to recall. No matter how hard I try. It’s always just-” He raised his hand, fingers curled as if he could pluck the memory from the air in front of him. “Just
“She still reports in to Fury and Coulson, told us so the second she got back here. But we keep some stuff on a low-key, need-to-know basis in case either one of them starts getting ideas again.”
“I hear you commandeered a certain genius princess for one of your secret projects. T’Challa looked like he didn’t know whether to rejoice or fear what the hell you two were gonna come up with together.”
killed her to do so. She owed it to the people who had helped her get this far. She owed it to herself. And she owed it to her team that had been shoved in the Raft, though she doubted they’d thank her even for that.
“Already on it, Boss,” FRIDAY responded immediately, her voice sounding almost hard. “Checking surveillance cameras within a five mile radius. Relaying all information to you, Happy and Vision.”
Despite FRIDAY’s forewarning of his destination she didn’t think she’d ever not feel that sense of trepidation and dread in his presence and she wasn’t afraid to admit that yeah, she’d enlisted FRIDAY’s help on more than one occasion to avoid bumping into him or any of the others since their arrival at the Compound.
“We’ll do our best, Mr. President,” he said and Toni took a moment to admire the strength in his voice, strength that she could no longer scrounge up from her weak and battered body.
Also, I just wanted to highlight that the song Toni sings is from the cartoon "Madeline" and credit for this goes to Copperbadge who used it in his "The Silver Age" series, which is phenomenal and you should all read it. I believe he got the idea from another author as well, but I just wanted to make clear that using the song wasn't my original idea but it got stuck in my head and I thought it fit really well.
The next update will probably be on Saturday or Sunday. So far I've hit 80k with this fic and it's nowhere near done. So there's that to look forward to!
At least she hoped he would be after all this was over and he was done laying into her for taking his suit and putting him in danger and probably very nearly getting him
Months. It had already been four. How had it already been four months since Siberia? It felt like yesterday. And some days, when she was body-deep in tech and her fingers were stained red from sharpies and Vision had to half carry her as they went on their nightly walks around the Compound, Siberia felt like it hadn’t happened yet, like if she stopped moving, stopped working, just
your story. Your secret. No one has the right to demand the truth from you. Because it doesn’t belong to them. It doesn’t belong to Scott or me but...I
. He’s so goddamn smart and funny and he’s a hell of a good fighter. But,” she cut herself off, running a hand through her hair agitatedly, “he’s so fucking
But she loved it whenever she was sat somewhere with Vision or T’Challa, passing notes and holograms back and forth, and Kamala would come over, hover nervously for a moment before Toni made space next to her, and proceeded to show her all the cool things she’d learned to do with her body.
Agent Fern’s spine straightened even more if that was possible and Steve couldn’t help but picture Toni’s fond amusement at the good little soldier routine.
Also, just a heads up, there will be no chapter next weekend because I'm going on holiday to China (no Google, guys, why). And honestly, I deserve this holiday because I haven't had a break in a year and work has been killing me and also I need to recharge my batteries as well as my muse for this fic because I'm suffering from a serious case of burnout. I do apologize but, well, I've been working on this story for five months non-stop so far so burnout/block was bound to happen eventually.
up on the podium yet. Things were just...moving too fast and not at all. It had taken her two months to get to this position. To finally get to lay it all out before the Council and she was fucking losing her mind on the first goddamn day.
“You’re saying that a lot,” he noted dryly. “Don’t think I’ve ever heard you apologize so many times in one sitting.”
But still, he felt their eyes on him, felt the weight of their stares from all sides of the room as they waited.
He thought about that for a moment, unpacking the hidden message behind her words and honing in on the obvious point she was trying to make.
Shuri swallowed thickly, staring down at the thing as if it was the source of all her pain. “It was found ten years ago at the height of Obadiah Stane’s weapon smuggling. One of our War Dogs had been present for the arms deal and notified my father. He sent a group of Dora to take care of it and bring the weapons back to Wakanda. When he saw what it could do he had them all destroyed, except for one. In case...I do not know.”
“Stark.” Red Cloak Man turned into Goatee Man as he floated down by her side and opened up giant orange sparkling circles - what the actual fuck - in front of him, then proceeded to fling them towards the building like frisbees. “Or should I call you Iron Man? Love the new suit, by the way.”
T’Challa seemed to vaguely debate this for a few seconds before shrugging carelessly. “Give him a couple of weeks and he’ll brown nicely.”
He was distantly aware of everyone else once again stopping in their tracks as he turned around and raised his eyes to meet hers.
She pondered on the perceptiveness of children, children who absorbed the emotions of those around them as organically as osmosis. And this poor boy, this quiet kid who liked to make wood sculptures, who missed his father as much as he was mad at him, who hugged Toni and didn’t want her to leave in spite of knowing what she was and what she’d done…
Some unfamiliar emotion passed over T’Challa’s features just then but she didn’t have time to study it as he looked over his shoulder at Shuri, who was still standing, nervous and worried, in the open doorway.
“You flatter me,” she said with a small grin. “Security’s not picking up anything out of the ordinary so I’m thinking he’s just trying to get a rise out of us. They probably wanted to scope us out, see who responded to the call. Also Hope just called. They’re trying to track the getaway van and follow the sewage system to see where the rest of them might’ve gone. Maybe find a base of operations."
Kamala’s polymorphing capabilities were one of the highlights of Toni’s life so far, but like she’d done with Peter, she kept her more zealous scientific needs to herself because studying kids, studying
“My surprise birthday party.” Because of course Natasha would remember. “You lent me that white Zuhair Murad number.”
Toni sighed, leaning back in her chair. “And I’d rather hide in a pillow fort than face…” She waved her hand vaguely. “All that.”
The bands around his wrist powered to life and the flat disc hummed, drawing in the power generated like liquid through a straw.
Snow fell across her eyelashes but she dusted the bleak, dark walls and the Siberian white away with her next statement.
I never expected to receive the number of comments or kudos or bookmarks as I did for the last chapter, so thank you, thank you, thank you. You've no idea how much it means to me that you're enjoying my fic.
laughed when Harley said something to her, and the genuine happiness on her face when she reached up and Spider-Man took her hand and lifted her thirty feet off the ground was...beautiful. Beautiful in a way that made him increasingly aware of the empty space inside where she had once fit.
. All I remember is feeling fear and helplessness. The kind I’ve only ever felt on one other occasion.”
And then he heard Nat’s quiet footsteps and the tempoed click of Rhodey’s cane as they both entered through the single door in murmured conversation.
, wondering whether it was just wishful thinking or if it really was the remnants of her own unique scent still clinging to the t-shirt from the last time she’d worn it.
“And if you didn’t meet Hope yesterday you should one of these days. Most days she seems torn between wanting to stab me in the throat and wanting to stab everybody else in the throat. Great with kids, though, but if anybody mentioned it she’d probably—”
The point was that she didn’t want to ask T’Challa for another favor, especially for something as sensitive a topic as Vibranium. So when he’d given her an entire crate of the stuff she’d taken a step back and shaken her head because,
Twenty-eight hours later the Council President stood up on the international stage in front of the whole world. His speech was eight minutes.
“Jesus,” she whispered, skidding to her knees beside him and gently taking his face between her hands. “
A thousand miles away, hours and hours ago, Toni was staring upon a sea of flashing lights and loud shouts and a flood of questions.
Again, this fic is un-betaed, so regardless of how many times I read this there will probably be some very obvious mistakes that my sleep-deprived brain is incapable of catching, so I do apologize!
Hope had looked at her and done that thing with her mouth that Toni strongly suspected was her trying to hide a smile.
“They can’t,” she interrupted softly. “I mean they can but I’d still—” Unable to grasp the words, she switched tactics, gripping his hand and looking him in the eye. “Peter, I want you to know. They are
- that she wasn’t going to wake up again. But she had. And she’d woken up alone. And that had been that.
“They did,” Nat carefully supplied. On the TV, Captain Kirk had a few hundred tribbles fall onto his head. “It’s all in there.”
losing some of the stress on his forehead as he said “Hey, You,” with the kind of affection someone might greet an old friend with.
He was looking at her with wide, almost angry eyes, one hand hovering in the air in front of him, like he had tried to reach for something only to freeze halfway.
She stood abruptly. “What?” she demanded, and FRIDAY automatically pulled up the news of a large fire on Coney Island and the DODC plane in ruins in the sand. T’Challa and Shuri stood as well, looking between her and the live feed. “What ha-”
She knew he was referring to Rhodey, Nat, T’Challa and Hope but there was always a shadow in her mind in the shape of a cutout of a group photo. A large missing piece that took with it its own story, leaving half a conversation, laughter to a missing joke, a smile directed at no one.
“Maybe you did not have a right to interfere in this boy’s life and pull him into a war that he had no part in,” T’Challa conceded, and Toni’s form became, if possible, even smaller, as if she were a berated child. “But what’s done is done and he is a part of this, of your life now. You owe it to him to be honest. You either take away the suit you gave him or you take responsibility for putting that burden on him in the first place and whatever decision you make, you hope for the best.”
Fatigue, achy and heavy, began to lay itself over her body the longer she stared out the window. If she closed her eyes right then, she didn’t think she’d be able to open them for another hundred years.
Some days she felt like she was moving through quicksand. Other days she felt like the apocalypse stood behind her, a giant, a
Steve hadn’t pushed; it wasn’t his place even though he could see Bucky gearing up for it as the days passed.
He looked tired but well, a far better image in person than what her frightened mind had conjured up for her. His wheelchair was standard hospital issue but he looked every bit the strong military man that she knew he was and could easily intimidate and outclass a room full of billionaires.
Anyways, updates will start getting a little more spread out after this chapter, mostly because I'm still in the process of trying to write the next one. I've got a bunch written for AFTER but seeing as writing chronologically hasn't always worked well for me, this was bound to happen eventually :/
“So we’ve done it.” The finality of her tone wasn’t lost on her, as much as she was willing away the darkness that encroached into the space around her heart.
They said their goodbyes a few minutes later, and she and Helen continued to sort through their own notes, going over the steps of the surgery thrice more before Helen was satisfied they could proceed to present it to Barnes.
Startled, Laura looked around for the said phone and found it lying harmlessly on the bed, below the floating white screen. She held the delicate device in her hand, the screen - what appeared to be Toni’s hefty email inbox - now hovering in front of her face.
Soft, worn hands touched her jaw and slid up to cup her face, coercing Toni to look at her. It was dark but Laura’s eyes glistened and Toni felt the absurd urge to follow suit and sniffed embarrassedly.
She was as keenly aware of the way it rested against her skin, like a promise, as she was of the adamantium bead the kids had made her, as she was of the arc reactor in her chest and how a man named Yinsen had once saved her life.
Shuri blurted as T’Challa and Vision helped to extract the kid from the car and lay him onto the biobed.
She nodded slowly and Toni reached out and grabbed a wheelie stool for her. “Here. You’re welcome to watch, if you like. Just put on your protective gear,” she added, pushing an extra pair of glasses and gloves at her, which she obediently donned, looking excited.
“Good evening, Toni,” he said, and the exhaustion in his voice carried clear across the speakers. “How are you?”
And a huge, mega, gigantic thank you and all the vegan cookies to Demigodscum, whom, I kid you not, has been a monumental blessing when it comes to this fic. SHE. IS. THE. BOMB. She blitzed my brain when I wrote myself into a corner, has helped me out with more than one plot point and she is probably my favorite person on the planet (and she's also got a really incredible (read: it will gut you in the best way) post!IW fem!Toni series called "All Your Troubles" so you should definitely check that out.)
Again, thank you SO MUCH for the response to the previous chapter. You're all stars, man, and I am so happy and humbled whenever I see comments or kudos or bookmarks from y'all. It honestly just makes my day and I'm so happy to be able to share this story with you.
, and all she had was herself, a barely put-together group of heroes and the best legal team that Toni could ask for, to deal with the onslaught.
He heard all the buzzwords. Accountability. Protection. Avengers. SHIELD. Was that Coulson they’d just panned to? And-
Coop set a glass of cold water on the ground, twisting it firmly into the soil. She almost smiled; he was learning.
arm - with a slow smile tickling the edges of her mouth, something wondrous and awed in her expression as if it wasn’t the work of her own hands.
“To think of everything that has happened since then,” he mused, swirling his wine around then setting his glass on whatever desk or table he was sat at, his eyes focused somewhere she wasn’t privy to.
“As I said, Mr. Barton,” he spoke with an almost irresistible gravity, “you owe me no apologies. But perhaps, I would pose a question back to you; had your positions been reversed and you were home with your family while your friends were forced to take refuge here, would they have been entitled to my offer of aid?”
Avengers on active duty, with jobs and responsibilities, and Steve and his team were in this tentative place of limbo, where they hung around waiting in anticipation for the next step, the next formality.
“But just because the Council pardons them doesn’t mean that they’ll be allowed back on US soil,” Natasha said, looking at Pepper who was already there.
He looked at his team, his friends, the ones who had followed him and placed their trust in him and he had never felt less worthy. Wanda looked scared, Scott’s brows were furrowed in confusion and concern, Clint looked angry, he always looked angry these days, Sam was a solid pillar as ever and Bucky-
Steve had already taken the fall for his and the others’ actions by being labeled an international criminal. And by Toni fighting
of his best friend. Bucky didn’t know whether that was because he’d never quite got over Steve’s change or whether it had to do with his HYDRA-blended memories.
that arm, possibly more than he wanted B.A.R.F. at this point. And that was a whole can of worms that she did
The room they were headed to was all glass walls, so Bucky saw Stark and a woman whom he assumed was Doctor Cho long before they noticed the trio headed their way.
T’Challa eyed her warily then nodded slowly. “I will see it done. Perhaps Natasha can be the liaison.”
“I wish I could, but my brother has reverted to the disposition of a newborn rhino calf and requires constant looking-after, and I have resorted to smacking him with an electric baton every time he acts like a jerk.” She sighed again, staring longingly up at the 3D rendition of Barnes’ implant.
And it was a fucking mega onslaught of craptastic shit and more than one occasion of terrifying brain fog, and the hits just kept on coming with increasing frequency. She was used to shit. She was used to a
Like the curtains being drawn prematurely, the fight left them both at the same time. Steve slumped onto the ground, his legs resting on the lower stone steps and Natasha took a seat a foot away. One time she might have pressed up against him in shared camaraderie, but now, maybe the effort was too much or too many things between them.
“Well her legs aren’t leaking onto the floor anymore,” Peter said worriedly from his corner of the room where he was wringing his hands. “That’s good, right?”
“I...don’t know what to tell you that hasn’t already been said,” Toni began, subconsciously rubbing her left wrist.
Bucky licked his lips and looked down at her feet — she wasn’t wearing any shoes, just a pair of mismatched socks and one of them looked like they belonged to a man.
“Thanks FRIDAY.” He smiled at Toni, tired and strained. “Guess I should be getting to bed. It’s a long drive.”
she demanded, but Harley was saved from having to answer when the lab doors swooshed open and she and Vision got to work.
. I thought I was doing the right thing by signing the Accords. But so did they. Captain America, Falcon, Hawkeye, Scarlet Witch and Ant-Man all thought they were doing the right thing too. Because before they are heroes, they are
B.A.R.F.; Shuri had told him as much as she could about it and he knew that it was both a form of therapy and psychological healing.
drifted to the forefront of her mind, highlighted in the way of the SHIELD report Coulson had sent her and she couldn’t help but seek out the kids in an irrational attempt to reassure herself that they were still there. Kamala had her head bowed over her homework, a determined frown on her pretty features; Peter was whizzing through his biology report and Harley looked like he was ready to destroy his copy of Wuthering Heights with the gauntlet he’d put back together in record time. Shuri and Vision, she suspected, were probably still working on The Room.
,” she breathed, eyes wide behind her protective glasses. Then she nibbled on her bottom lip, a small furrow appearing between her dark brows. “Do they feel pain?”
Would if she could, she wanted to say. But that was a lie. She wasn’t ready for therapy. Maybe she never would be. Bruce hadn’t been that kind of doctor, as wonderful as he was, and right now she had so much on her plate that the thought of giving an extra couple of hours to something as invasive as therapy made her want to scream.
The endorsement was both reassuring and not. Because of course she was fucking aware that she had another hundred and ninety-four nations and states to convince, thank you very fucking much.
“No,” Rhodey said immediately and Toni tried to bite down on the sting she felt at the sharp rejection. “Look,” he said, rubbing a hand down his face, “it’s nothing like that. Don’t freak out. Just, I’m not the one you need to be worrying about right now. You’ve got this and SI stuff to deal with as well. Sleep in or something. I just don’t want you to burn out before we’ve even started. Let me deal with my shit and I’ll come back and we can get back to this, okay?”
Wanda was sat on one of the benches, worrying the hem of her gray top and darting looks at Vision, who was deep in conversation with Doctor Strange. Steve had yet to formally meet the supposed sorcerer, and other than a one-sided conversation with Vision when he’d dropped him and Bucky at their quarters, he’d had little to no contact with the rest of them. Clint sat on the opposite end with his back against the wall and his legs stretched out on the bench as he spun a drumstick between his fingers. He hadn’t seen Scott much lately, too preoccupied with his daughter and Hope Van Dyne as he must’ve been, though the latter Steve wasn’t entirely certain about if the badly concealed bruise Scott was sporting on the bridge of his nose was anything to go by.
He wanted to look. He wanted to turn and look so badly, to see the expression on her face, to gauge her body language and analyze each and every nuance of her voice in that one, single word.
Her body still ached, her head started to fill up with that dense fog of exhaustion and there were people in her home whom she didn’t know how to deal with. But right now the only thing that mattered was taking a little bit of the burden off of the woman who helped her start all of this in the first place.
Toni had taken in the hardness of her tone and the stubborn set of her jaw and replied quite simply, “Fine.”
watch. And you wanna know why? Because this is a delicate fucking procedure and I don’t need any distractions from anyone, much less from
“Dude!” Scott shouted, sticking his head in when Wanda ran back out, while Steve was kicking free of his blanket, and waving frantically. “Your pal called, the leather suit redhead. They’re on television, man!”
She was small, impossibly small for someone who had done so much, who had encompassed lifetimes into the very sinews of her body. Though he should’ve reserved all judgment considering the man he was standing next to, the man who, at this very moment, was probably wishing that it was his name she’d called.
Hope Van Dyne stepped down from the ledge, her head gear under one arm, and strode over to them, assessing them one by one. She lingered on Vision for a second longer with unveiled curiosity before settling down on Toni.
Sam might have wanted to say something but all he heard was a soft sigh and two sets of footsteps heading on down the corridor.
She grinned. “Peter, Shuri and Agent Fern. The grunts tell me she once strangled a man with a bikini bra. I figure she can handle anything.”
Bucky opened his eyes to the dim light of the biobed, the sequence still bouncing off the walls of his skull before dissipating entirely. It had been his twelfth session in the machine and his first since Shuri had returned from New York, her eyes wide and body thrumming with barely concealed excitement.
“Huh,” Toni managed as she brought down another one of Spider-Man’s human packages. “Took them longer than I imagined to get to that stage. Thanks, Vision. How about you give me a
“There is someone, yes,” he told her and his eyes actually shone and wow, that was love, huh. “I suppose it is nothing new for people to inform you that you ramble and
Shuri stood on the sidelines, watching as Steve pushed himself to his feet and dusted himself off. Over the last couple of weeks he’d gotten used to training in the heat and his nose and cheeks no longer peeled from the sun. The Dora were fierce opponents with a unique fighting style that Steve couldn’t quite get his body to imitate yet. According to Shuri he was getting there, though. And she was a genius and knew these things, so she liked to inform him as often as possible.
Bucky’s eyes met his through the glass and Steve smiled and nodded, but the stretch of his mouth felt tight.
Stark snorted, tapping a few commands into her tablet before lightly kicking a wheelie stool and sending it rolling it over towards where Bucky sat
Sometimes Bucky felt like the proverbial unstoppable force, like a juggernaut, ruthless and unrelenting.
The various holographic screens were still floating around her and for a while she just stared up at them, flicking through the documents with quick swipes of her fingers. It had been weird in the beginning, not having to
“So,” she began, grinning down at the mask with misty eyes, “how long did it take Peter to break past the safety protocols?”
Kamala’s expression when they’d presented the suit to her after everyone had gathered for dinner one night had Toni nearly getting all misty-eyed and Hope suspiciously turning her face away.
It had been a week since the surgery and three days since Helen had flown back to Seoul with her team, declaring that if Bucky’s body hadn’t rejected the implant yet the chances of it doing so any time soon were next to nil and that he could get the arm installed as soon as he felt like it.
One table had a cluster of stools around it and on the surface were a ring of mugs, misshapen, with the initials of whom Bucky surmised were the names of the kids Steve had briefly mentioned in passing. HK for Harley Keener, KK for Kamala Khan, PP for Peter Parker and a solid S, which was undeniably Shuri.
the others think so too.” Some emotion - grief, hope, maybe - flickered across T’Challa’s face. “I can’t
Toni listened without judgment but the fingers of her right hand were digging into the sensitive veiny underside of her left wrist as she waited for the axe to fall.
“Not lie so much as omit the fact that we spoke. At least for now,” FRIDAY chirped innocently. “Of course I won’t stop you from waking her up right now and informing her that I’ve disobeyed a command but I believe it will be in both our interests to keep this private in the meantime.”
Toni sighed and set her work down, gazing up at the screens that played and re-played Spider-Man’s endeavors.
Just as quickly as it came, the feeling melted out of him, leaving a raw, hypersensitive film of resignation and loss. Because she was right there, god,
how...If it was me, I...I don’t know that…” She let out a slow breath and placed a hand on Toni’s shoulder, squeezing slightly. “You did good, Toni. Really good.”
Two years ago they’d collapsed side by side in a portable decontamination container, naked and bleeding and laughing hysterically after a gruelling fight with some Chechen insurgents.
Peter somersaulted mid-air over a five-foot foam cube; Cooper’s eyes were first wide with amazement, then narrowed with determination as he pointed at Peter and demanded he teach him how to do that.
, I want you to be my voucher. I’d sign now but I think you’ve cut off the circulation to my fingers and that’s my writing hand.”
a high-speed skateboard. There were lines running through it that glowed a suspiciously familiar shade of arc reactor blue.
“It’s up to you, Barnes. Just because you say no to this one doesn’t mean all the other offers are off the table.”
One afternoon, she was playing with the tumble dryer in the shed for no reason other than the fact that she’d stumbled upon it, not really knowing whether Laura already had one hidden somewhere in the house. When Laura came in and found her tinkering with the machine she’d chuckled.
“I’ll pass you my stash later.” Helen took the seat next to her and watched her patient through the window. “It’ll never be a hundred percent the way it was but it’s a hell of a lot better than what he’s currently going through. The implant only acts as the glue and the transmitter. It doesn’t
that mattered most, the weight of shared experiences that forged bonds stronger than titanium. Toni, in her most vulnerable moments of hope and yearning, thought they’d had that. Yet even now, even though Natasha sat here and not
It had been a week. Toni supposed it had to happen sooner or later and spending time in one of the training rooms with the kids or hiding out in The Room with Stephen and a container of Laura’s delicious roast beef sandwiches could only get her so far.
In the end, Helen had to use a circular saw to cut through Barnes’ bone with a sound that was the stuff of gratuitously gory movies and made Toni’s stomach turn unpleasantly.
“I’ll pay you back; might take a few years, though,” he joked as War Machine smashed through the side of the building.
“So these are your digs,” she observed as they walked around the courtyard where he’d first fought with Shuri all those months ago. It felt like a lifetime. “Pretty sweet for an international fugitive.”
On darker nights still, her mind whispered at her, asked her whether Wanda had left little seeds in the others…
love spending time together. I walked in on them building the most elaborate pillow fort I’ve ever seen in my life in Kamala’s room the other day while Shuri coordinated the entire process on video call. I don’t even know
“I know,” Sam calmly reassured him. “I told them they were only looking at your side of things. I told them that until we know everything about Siberia we shouldn’t be fanning flames or coming up with any wild theories. Clint has some theories of his own. Poor dude has a
Then just as quickly she would strike with ruthless cruelty and Toni would smile because they always looked so
was what a reunion was, what a reconciliation was meant to look like, not tainted by distrust and lies and cold.
Bucky couldn’t help it but something warm stiltedly stirred somewhere inside, even if her very well-concealed amusement was at his expense.
Everybody’s heads snapped to the side when the door to their apartments opened and Aneka walked in followed by-
“Hey,” she said quietly once the kids had offered their greetings and turned back to their show. She casually took a seat next to Toni, who made space for her on the couch. Behind them Vision was making tea.
. I’m at least infinity times worse than the rest of them,” Toni pointed out, then took a long sip from her thick, sticky-sweet tea.
How many people think Vision trying to be JARVIS for the sake of Toni is NOT a great idea? Also, angry and bitter Toni is my fave and goddamn, I love writing it. Don't necessarily agree with her thought process or her perceptions of the matter but her feelings are valid given what she's been through.
Nat nodded and just like that, turned the whole thing into a training session. “See his shoulders? Totally relaxed. He’s not rushed. He’s acting like he has all the time in the world.”
Can we just talk about Peter, please, and how much I love his relationship with Tony? I mean. I MEAN. I can't, guys, I just love the two of them so much.
“You know I haven’t forgiven Steve Rogers for calling my husband away. To fight in you guys’ mess.” Her voice was even but Toni winced at the near violent manner which she snapped off the thick stem. “Clint was out, you know? And he’d promised me that once Nate was born, he’d be around for his family.” She sighed agitatedly, still not looking at Toni. “I mean do you know how hard it is to raise three kids alone?”
“Sorry,” Steve muttered, and the two of them situated themselves behind the couch that Clint and Scott had commandeered.
“HYDRA?” Peter blurted with a startled surprise they all felt. “Are you seri- Oops, sorry, sir, keep your hands inside the spider-net at all times, please and thank you-”
She hadn’t even asked. It hadn’t even crossed her mind to ask because, well, her dad was a liar and a thief and she was almost entirely convinced that the Wakandans would shoot her on sight because of sins of the father and stuff. Although now that the secret of Wakanda was out - she’d been in the back next to Everett Ross and they’d traded suitably snide comments back and forth before T’Challa’s historical reveal, for which she and E. Ross had then tried to outdo one another in the volume of their cheers - and T’Challa had informed her somewhat about T’Chaka’s own mistakes, maybe they’d retract the shoot on sight order. Maybe.
to do it, then I’ll call Shuri. This part isn’t really Helen’s forte, not yet at least, give it a couple months, so Shuri’s the only other person I’d put my trust
Heart thumping in her chest and more than a little panicky, she quickly glanced at Toni, who shifted but otherwise didn’t wake, and looked back at the floating screen.
Toni nodded and smiled ruefully, the first sign of emotion she’d expressed so far. “The others are locked underground. I couldn’t destroy them. They were…”
The others were going through their own contracts. Scott Lang nodded through his, his trust in Hope Van Dyne evident in his expression. Sam’s contract was pretty straight-forward, suited to his airforce background. Clint was technically retired but his contract allowed him to return to duty if a voucher - either Natasha or Toni - submitted the request to the Panel and the Subcommittee. He’d have to serve three month’s of house arrest at the Compound, something Natasha had explained to him apologetically but unrelenting.
,” he said, a heaviness to his voice as warm as the blanket he’d wrapped her in, sentiment curling at the corners and enfolding her in a space where she felt, for a brief moment, protected from the indeterminable future, “did it. The rest of us helped as best we could.”
The woman had the patience and the poker face of a Virgin Mary statue and answered everything with enviable ease, never slipping and always with a calm smile on her lips. Toni marveled at it, wondering whether the Phil Coulson-level of indecipherability was a byproduct of parenthood or marriage.
“Haven’t been able to,” Laura admitted, pulling two mugs out from the cupboard and a box of Earl Grey.
“Hmm,” Helen hummed as she slid her micro scalpel against one edge of the shoulder panel and lifted it ever so carefully away. “See that?” she murmured, and the micro camera pinned to her cap zoomed in automatically, giving everyone a clear view of the discolored skin on the screens. “Just as we suspected. HYDRA’s technology has been eating away at his flesh for years.”
When Hope spoke next, it was quiet but poignant enough to slice through the easy camaraderie that had enveloped the room.
At one point Cooper had snuck away when she wasn’t paying attention, and when she hunted him down she found him out back using the table saw and she very nearly lost her shit until she noticed he was wearing gloves and goggles and was operating with an intense level of caution and artistry. It was the first time she’d seen his wooden structures, beautiful, sweeping things that belonged in a museum. The scent of varnish made her nose tingle pleasantly. She let him be.
“Council members,” he began, and Toni felt the hairs on her arms stand on end. “My fellow representatives.” She turned her hand palm up and laced her fingers with Vision’s, acutely aware that he was still shooting her worried looks. “And my most esteemed guests. Thank you for coming here today.”
“Don’t you have enough on your plate, Toni?” It sounded weary and knowing and the weight of her gaze was almost tangible. “I highly doubt I’m the first one to tell you this when I say you look exhausted.”
Maria Hill walked in to the communal kitchen one morning during breakfast with several busloads of recruits, both new and old, waiting outside.
But the woman didn’t wake and Laura watched helplessly as the corner of one eye glistened and her bottom lip trembled.
But first she needed to pick brussels sprouts for Laura was going to blitz them in the oven with bacon bits.
When Shuri had shot her that short message, uncharacteristically riddled with typos, Toni had been in the middle of checking some of the equipment for Barnes’ surgery with Vision. She vaguely recalled shouting a garbled combination of an instruction and a reassurance that she’d be back later, followed by an equally jumbled shout at FRIDAY to call T’Challa and have it redirected to the nearest private room available.
He gasped through his teeth, eyes suspiciously damp and nodded. Then Hope slid an arm around his back and led him out, mouthing a sincere
She nodded, dithering in place and staring up at him like an idiot while T’Challa’s expression became increasingly concerned and HR woman’s impatience carried down the hallway like a frosty breeze.
.” He looked at her, then, something warring in his pale blue-grey eyes. “And she said that you’d seen it.”
She stood up, the sound of her chair screeching across the floor making the hairs on the back of her neck raise chillingly.
” There it was: the dreaded word that made something heavy and cold settle in her throat. “While you have presented a very solid and very well-planned argument for your old team’s sake, Ms. Stark, there are some of us who remain unconvinced of all of your…
people. Although she could see where people might get the wrong idea and with her history and with things like
Just before he followed Steve back out again, he heard his name being called in the quietest voice he’d ever heard, barely more than a breath.
Steve walks widdershins around some uncomfortable topics, Toni makes an important call and Vision chooses a path.
Peter looked between them, his hair flopping around. “What project?” he asked, as Shuri immediately replied, “Yes.”
She cleared her throat and gingerly pushed herself up on the bed, rubbing at her eyes. The bed wasn’t hers. And the sleeping woman facing her was
Wanda had taken hers to her room, disappeared for a good eight hours, then come out and quietly handed her obviously thoroughly-read contract back to Natasha.
Natasha watched Toni straighten out her papers - parts of a speech, some notes, statistics and a mural of reminders scratched out in blood-red ink - at the podium.
