“No selfies, Clint. We don’t need anyone on the internet looking too close,” said Natasha as she shimmied inside the vent.
Oh dear. Sounds like you really might have. I’m sorry, Tony, Rumiko’s picked up and moved to Defender, but she’ll be back next week to take the rest of her belongings.
; most of those people weren't activists. They were regular Americans showing the best side of themselves when it mattered the most. Remember after the Chitauri attack on New York, how many people lined up for hours just to give blood? How many people
“You said you’d never wear it!” Clint practically squealed. And before Tony could say anything else, there was another
Pictured is a spoof of a page from an I, Spy book. It features a photograph of a flat white surface cluttered with various round and round-adjacent things, including buttons, an orange, washers, sea shells, coins, and bottle caps. There is also a smartphone, a sticker that says "city of Ann Arbor," a button that says "Stay Gold Ponyboy," a keychain for the San Diego Zoo, a bottlecap that says "Enchantress Original," and round plastic tokens with pictures of Steve, Tony, the Hulk, Natasha, Clint, and Thor on them. At the bottom of the page is the following rhyme: "I spy a seven, the word 'love,' some hamburger art, a rainbow, a thimble, a half moon, a heart, a class ring, two sea shells, an orange that's peeled, three quarters, and Captain America's shield." All are hidden in the picture.
A moment later he heard a familiar whine and willed himself not to panic. It was always a possibility that he’d come in the suit, and it was something he’d prepared for. Tony Stark could invent an arc reactor with junk from old missiles, and Justin Hammer could talk a zebra into investing in lion futures. He had this in the
Well, you might embarrass yourself in front of Tony, the tech expert, a little voice said inside his head. Steve shook his head to clear his thoughts. It wasn’t like he cared that much about what Tony thought, he just didn’t want to hear the snarky laughter. What was a smart question to ask that wouldn’t make him look stupid, he wondered. He racked his head, but couldn’t think of anything intelligent, or something that Tony would be impressed by.
What shook him successfully out of his thoughts was the fact that Steve was standing outside the door, in the rain, looking like a lost golden retriever puppy.
Steve gave Tony a little shove, and kissed away the smirk on the brunette’s face. He leaned in to swipe at the screen, and it showed a 3D render of another hero, with the words ‘Iron Man’ etched at the top of the screen.
“I’m Captain America, Tony,” and the taller man felt his lips curl up into a smile. “Emblem of Justice. Star of America. All the things I never got to be. I was always too weak to protect other people and I finally get to do what I want.”
“Weren’t you with Pepper?” Steve asked, internally wishing that she would do something about this drunk mess instead of leaving it to him, but feeling a sense of doubt as Pepper was as high up as Coulson on the responsibility scale. She wouldn’t leave the life of Stark Industries to wander home himself drunk, as a girlfriend or as the CEO of the entire company.
“I was never a good person, alright, lay off me with your goddamn righteousness. I try so fucking hard but it never goes right, and I know, I know I’m a fucking failure of a person and Ultron is all my fault. Do you know why I made Ultron?” Tony yelled. “I made Ultron because I had nightmares that
The call for FRIDAY to send pieces of his suit flying to him and reconnecting to him barely manage to fall from his lips. He wasn’t sure if it was that he didn’t actually want to die, or that he called for his suit out of instinct.
He walked into the house just as Steve came out from his room. A few quick strides from Steve closed the distance between them, and he felt a light kiss on his forehead.
“I mean, the pictures aren’t saved in my Starkpad, that’s like, the point of the Internet, it’s a network. The things you find on top are posts of other people, and they’re not actually downloaded in, nor do they belong to me, so yeah,” Tony rambled away nervously. He just found out Steve liked him back, so why couldn’t he just accept it  graciously like a normal adult? Instead he had to shoot his mouth off about the properties of the Internet. “I mean, it’s like, I, it’s not that I, you know,” Tony started, but Steve glared at him.
“I will sell her to you for the price of one pancake. Must be made by the embodiment of America, and I want blueberries and whipped cream on top.”
“Watch it, fucker. I’m not a thing. And certainly not Xavier’s thing. Not all mutants are weird and just categorised under ‘Xavier’s thing’,” Wade narrowed his white eyes at Tony.
Steve put the Starkpad down on the table, and folded his arms, glaring at Tony. It usually pressured Tony into doing whatever he wanted.
“But we won’t,” Steve finished. He took a quick glance around the house, then at Tony. Neither of them could properly move on, and they knew it no matter how much they reassured each other that life couldn’t be better now. The walls of their new house were plastered with pictures of Peter, capturing the most important moments. The time when Peter got adopted, at the age of twelve. Peter’s first science fair, in which he showed the same flair for science that Tony had, and Steve joked about how nobody would believe that Peter was adopted. Peter’s first time wearing a superhero suit when he got bitten by a spider, and Steve and Tony argued for a few nights before they accepted that their son was the same as them, and took a family picture in their outfits. Like a Halloween costume party. A candid photo taken by Steve of them working together on Peter’s Spiderman suit, and another one taken by Tony of Steve and Peter making it up to each other at the ice cream parlour after a big fight between them over Peter trying to take on the Vulture by himself. There were pictures of Morgan too – including a little gift that Friday sent them on her own – a Photoshopped image of Peter cradling Morgan when she was just born.
Tony hugged Steve tightly, as he let the tears fall freely. The street was empty except for them, and the rain continued to hit the gravel relentlessly. He buried his face in the blond’s neck. It felt nice to be held while he was panicking. It felt nice to be loved, and he needed that.
Tony’s hand on Wade’s arm relaxed a little as he took in the information that this red and black trespasser had just said.
“I don’t know if anyone’s ever promised to be there for you and broken it, but I won’t. I promise you I won’t,” Steve grabbed Tony’s metal alloy fingers in his own large warm hands.
for his captain. The brunette desperately wanted to hold his body close, and cry his heart out but all he could do was sit next to him, taking in the view of Steve, the strongest man he ever knew,
With a swish of his long blond hair, Thor chuckled and said, “Captain, even I, an Asgardian, mastered the wonders of the Internet. Of Google. Of midgardian technology in general. You need to work harder at the subtleties, my friend.”
The human shaped thing in a red and black suit armed with multiple knives stood up, and dusted glass shards off his knees.
“Hey Capsicle,” Tony said in a trembling voice. “God, I miss you. If you ever hear this video… I’m so sorry. I’m sorry for every time I argued with you, whether it was over the Sokovia Accords or trivial things like pancake flavours and Peter’s homework… I’m sorry I couldn’t save Peter. If you can find a way to get him back… Please do. I don’t think I can anymore… I’ll run out of oxygen soon, and I’ll be dead. I love you. I really do. You were the best fucking thing that ever happened to me, in this entire universe. I didn’t want it to end this way. I know, I said, no more surprises. Any Avenger mission, we do it together, and we aren’t going to secretly try and fight. This is my last one, okay?”
The position he had, leaning over Tony – it reminded him of a year ago, when Loki was messing up planet Earth with his powers and the Chitauri, and Tony nearly died. At that time, he was bent over Tony like this, while Tony was in the suit, laying on the floor, nearly dead. He was so frightened. Fear was coursing through his veins, as he saw Tony there, barely breathing. He had never experienced that kind of fear, even when he crashed the plane into the Arctic and thought that he would never get out alive.
All of a sudden, A glaring bright light shone in through the dusty windows of the spaceship, and it jolted Tony awake, who automatically flung his arm over his eyes. Nebula wandered out, standing next to him. The glare slowly died down, leaving a woman surrounded by glowing energy floating in front of him with no need for oxygen. Tony felt his heart flutter slightly. This was his chance to get back home to his husband, and he pounded frantically on the thick glass, not caring if she could hear him or not.
He sat up quickly, and Steve moved backwards a little, concern written all over his face. Tony studied Steve’s grime-covered battle look, and was surprised to actually see tears forming at the corners of his eyes.
Steve thought that it was mostly prudent to follow Jarvis’ caution, especially since Jarvis had a clean record of trustworthiness but Clint was voted most likely to prank passerbys in the monthly Stark Tower residents voting. Unfortunately, he was voted most strict and least sense of humour, and the voting actually included the poker-faced Nat. However, he was curious as to what Stony meant. If it was anything weird, like porn, he could just scold Stark for having such stuff on his Starkpad.
“Why are you just sitting here gazing at a Starkpad? I thought you had better things to do than that, honestly. Like punching a bag, doing paperwork, liaising with your fans and chairperson of fanclub, Phil Coulson. Something along those lines, honestly,” Clint said as he leaned over, trying to peek at the screen.
“Magic what? Oh right I remember.” Tony laughed then that turned into a moan when he was forced into silence as Steve kissed him.
Tony’s heartbeat was in his ears it was so loud. And his head kept getting lighter and lighter. He vaguely heard sounds but couldn’t make them out over his heartbeat. Suddenly he was popped back into Hel. Right into Loki’s throne room.
Bruce quickly diffused the situation by explaining how they offered to help him and were not in fact threatening him in any way. Betty had looked beyond relieved at his words then jumped off the horse and slapped Bruce across the face.
They all readied their weapons and made to move in on the Avengers. The Avengers themselves all reached for their weapons and prepared themselves for battle.
Thor growled then hefted mjolnir higher. After a few seconds of the two glaring at each other, Thor huffed angrily then took off for Asgard. After he left, Loki smirked in victory. Amora raised an eyebrow at him but before she could ask anything Loki was making his way deeper into the Palace.
News of Tony’s death spread faster than wildfire. Within minutes of it, it seemed the whole underworld had learned of Tony’s passing. The creatures who lived and worked in Hel wept and mourned for the little human that would listen and help them.
Howard smiled at Steve and waved off his thanks. “How many times do I have to tell you to call me Howard. You’ve worked for me, what 4 years now?”
As they approached a crosswalk Clint once again rounded on the group. “Stick close to us heros,” He said while puffing up his chest in a show of confidence. “The city is a dangerous place.” He ended with an eye waggle.
The path they walked on began to look more and more dreary. A lot of trees were dead or dying, and leaves coated the ground so much that grass was sparse.
“I just wish….” Steve muttered. “I knew how this happened.” Everyone nodded. But Steve then bolted up from his squatting position and began going on a tangent. Releasing all the frustrating questions that plagued him.
They then lapsed into silence. During their silence everyone noticed Thor getting more and more agitated.
Eventually Steve and Tony made their way back to Tony’s house. They took the long way due to being on horseback but neither seemed to mind. Once they got close to a backdoor both Tony and Steve dismounted.
Tony blushed at Steve’s honest declaration. Then he quickly broke the eye contact they had maintained and coughed to try and help compose himself.
“Tomorrow, we teach you how to use your new physique.” Erskine stated, and that’s the last Steve heard before he fell unconscious.
“Good job, but move your elbow,” Steve grabbed the woman's elbow and elevated it a bit. “There. Perfect, now try the jab again.”
“I have some water I took with me from Asgard. Tomorrow I will give it to you to drink. This should alter your physical appearance. I will ask Thor to stay and help oversee the process.”
Maria Stark was rarely in her home. She often traveled, going to all the orphanages nearby and spending time with the children there. She raised money for them and would help children get adopted. When not helping out at the orphanages, she would travel to the major temples and pray. She had never gotten over the loss of her son, and it was obvious to everyone that she at least partially blamed Howard for his demise. On the rare occasions she was home she always had a drink in her hand, and her company was icey.
“Amora, I can’t believe you haven’t figured it out. I’ve only been witness to this stuff for the past few years and I figured it out.” Amora glared at him and rolled her shoulders in anger. “I used to wonder why Loki let you throw yourself at Thor all the time. At first I thought it was because he knew you weren’t a threat. I mean you greeted him completely nude that one time and he didn’t even bat an eye!” Tony shrugged and Amora’s hands dropped to her sides.
“I didn’t ask for a word-by-word breakdown Pep. But Thor left knowing Loki was mad about him spending time with them.” Pepper nodded looking thoughtful. “And then he went back to them, and has been with them since. And now Daddy issues are being thrown into the mix!”
“Would you like to come with us?” Steve asked offering Tony his hand. Neither men noticed but Bucky had stopped in his tracks at the offer and gave Steve a comically angry glare.
“I know buddy.” Tony said calmly. “I’m guessing Loki told you to come attack them?” Fenrir growled at the heroes in response but Tony tsk-ed and got the wolf’s full attention. “We’re not going to do that.” Fenrir let out a whine and Tony held up a finger sternly. “I mean it. No! No more attacking my friends.”
“Yeah he’s not the most popular god, and why have his statue in a garden? Wouldn’t you put goddess Frigga or Thor there?” Sam wondered.
“It’s a fine statue.” Thor said appraisingly as he circled it. “Better than the real thing. Less Weasley, less greasy…” Thor stared intently at the statues face but nothing happened. No shimmer of magic, no sign of disturbance or hidden magic.
“He disappeared after the Hydra battle. And I didn’t see him after any of the other attacks. And did any of you spot him during our MANY public tours or walks through the city? Because I didn’t!” Bucky explained counting off the oddities on his fingers.
“Barely.” Sam and Tony said at the same time. They shared a grin and Bucky threw his hands up in exasperation.
1. Howard’s not a great Dad, we know this from canon, and he’s not that close with Tony. So Howard picked Tony because he knew he wouldn’t be able to get over sacrificing Maria but he thought he may be able to eventually get over sacrificing Tony.
“What are they doing here?!” Rhodey yelled as he galloped into the Throne Room. The centaur then took in the damage to the room and Loki poised to strike Steve. “Wait.” Rhodey’s face was washed in confusion. “What’s going on here?!”
Loki stood in front of his throne with a look of pure victory. Amora quickly perked up in eagerness and asked for the details as to what happened. Loki reiterated what he did and then whistled for Fenrir.
There were walking up to the Palace of Hel. The entry and pathway leading to the castle was covered in frost and closer to the Palace the frost turned into juts and icicles of ice. The temperature was lowering the closer and closer they got and from their viewpoint they could see the Throne Room was covered from the ceiling to the floor in ice.
Tony then headed off in a different direction and offered the blonde a jaunty salute “Bye-Bye Steve!”
Realising she was outmatched the witch then pulled out a rune stone and vanished. Though Clint managed to shoot her with a parting arrow as she disappeared.
The scene then ended and everyone was shocked into silence. Thor had been looking over all his friends when he noticed how far they had gone away from the yellow path. They must have walked further into the fog without even noticing. So he grabbed each of his friends and gently nudged them back towards the path.
Loki scoffed again but nodded a yes. Tony then turned to Thor who looked beyond pleased to see Tony.
Thor and Loki had finished their first round on Loki’s desk and their second round on his one-armed, backless couch. Now they were on their third round on Loki’s armchair.
Currently, Bucky and Steve were at Howard’s villa. Instead of sobbing and crying, Steve was now filled with unbridled frustration and anger. Bucky suggested they go spar and thus they ended up in the Stark’s private garden wrestling on the ground.
But it was earth shattering. Tony’s brain had stopped working. It failed to move forward. His jaw dropped open and his eyes blinked slowly as he processed all this.
Tony professed how he couldn’t imagine life without Steve and never wanted to. Cameras from passerby’s phones were already up and on the couple. Tony looked so scared, so hopefully. Steve loved Tony so of course he said yes.
Thor looked gobsmacked and Amora had to quickly hide the widening of her own eyes at Loki’s announcement.
They fought hand-to-hand for a period of time, till the woman eventually pulled out one of her hidden daggers. She wasn’t aiming anywhere vital but did try to cut and stab the blonde. However, she couldn’t land a hit as the blonde dodged or rebuffed her attacks with his shield. Finally she did a flip kick and sent Steve’s shield flying off to the side. Thinking she had the upper hand she continued to go at the blonde with her dagger and fists.
Ty who had been trying to get Tony to kiss him while also trying to unpin the one pin his clothes had, stopped and stared at the other blonde. Tony who had been simultaneously trying to keep his clothes on and his face away from Ty, also stopped and gave the newcomer an incredulous look.
Though the 5 mortals were holding their own Thor had interfered. He didn’t want to risk their safety and had killed the Hydra in a show of power. He was protecting them and showing off for them!
3. I've started writing the backstory for Thor and Loki and I'm loving it! It's going to be 10 chapters long and will be like a prequel to this, while also having snippets of Tony growing up with Loki.
Tony meanwhile had run as fast as he could back to his home. Once he was safely inside he began pacing and yanking on his hair.
Everyone looked shocked at the move. Then they all realized with growing horror that none of them could move their bodies or talk. They were stuck, trapped, as if they had been dipped in tar.
Tony like all young children in Greece had learned all about the major gods and goddess: Frigga the goddess of Marriage, Thor the god of Fertility and Thunder, Sif the goddess of War, Odin King of all gods, and Loki the god of Mischief and the Dead, to name a few. True he had never been to an actual temple, but they had a small shrine in their city that had a depiction of the major god/goddess.
“Why do I have to move?! Why is everyone asking when I’m going to move?! Why can’t we just TAKE! THINGS! SLOW!”
“You said you’d do anything for Peggy.” Steve gave a serious nod and Howard continued. “Would you go to Hel for her?”
As soon as he walked past the doors, away from Loki’s sight, Tony bit his lip and glanced back at the door. Silently hoping he didn’t make a mistake by covering for Steve and his friends.
Tony reached up and pulled Steve down by the front of his warrior dress. Steve went willingly then immediately stiffened in surprise as Tony kissed him. Tony had used his other hand to grab the back of the blondes head and angled the blondes head so he could better slot their lips together.
“Loki may have taken our biggest strengths but that’s not all we have.” He continued. “Clint even without your sight you have an impeccable ability to know where your target is.” Clint preened at the compliment, Steve then turned to Natasha. “Natasha, even off balance you still know how to effectively handle every single weapon we own.” Natasha twirled the sword in her hand, proving Steve’s point. “Bruce your strength was great but what’s even better is you being able to just look at a monster and figure out where to hit it and how to hurt it.” Bruce ducked his head and rubbed the back of it. Betty grabbed his arm and gave it an excited and encouraging shake. “Sam, Bucky...you guys have been with me every step of the way. You're adaptable, you're dependable, and neither of you know when to quit.” Steve let out a huff of laughter “which is why we all get along so well.” He admitted ruthfully causing the other two men to chuckle. “We can do this!”
After Tony had started to earn some years of freedom he had made a “To Do” list of sorts. Things he wanted to see or do in the human world. He had it hung up by his tally paper in his room.
“It’s time for you to go.” Peggy declared. She gave Steve’s face one last caress. “Goodbye my darling.”
“If I knew their weaknesses this would be easier.” Loki muttered quietly then stopped pacing and turned that over in his head. “I need their weaknesses.”
3. The motto thing seems messed up but I feel like it’s more of Howard constantly reminding himself he made the right choice, rather than just coining what he did and running with it. He’s continually telling himself he was right and did the right thing.
“Steve-” Loki began still holding the Scepter in a striking position. However Rhodey barled over him as he trotted over to the blonde.
“He had to go shepherd a storm.” Steve explained, kneeling next to the disappointed kid. “Sorry bud.”
“Hmm I was hoping for something more from you. Especially since you started all this.” She growled “You need to suffer.” She then looked around the circle. When she turned back to Steve the blonde witch had a devious look on her face.
“Sorry to interrupt your training session.” Natasha said to the bewildered looking students. “But Stevie here,” She pinched his cheeks and Steve gave her a glare “wanted you all to be surprised!” Clint giggled again, and dread pooled in Steve’s stomach. “You’ll be joining the tour group now and once we finish up with the next room, Steve will be joining all of you in a relaxing spa session!”
Steve paused. He stormed in here at first wanting to clarify with Tony that there was nothing between them, and that he was offended by the ‘Stony’ pictures Tony stored in his Starkpad. After hearing that they were just colleagues though, Steve felt a pang in his heart. Maybe the actual reason that he came down was that he wanted to find out that Tony had a crush on him, and they could get into a relationship. Tony obviously didn’t feel the same way about him though. To Tony, he was just a colleague. Steve chided himself for being so naïve. Tony was known to be a playboy, always going on lascivious dates. Even if he stopped those dates recently, it didn’t mean that he had feelings for his sorry, star-spangled ass. All they did was save the world together, they didn’t even hang out that much as friends. It was always SHIELD missions that they actually had any proper interaction.
“Loki!” He shook the statue a bit but still it did not move or give any sign of being anything but artwork.
Loki was leaning on the ritual table in the center of his study, looking as if he was about to check for something underneath the table. However, upon Thor’s entrance he sprang up then leaned on the table in a more seductive pose.
“Yeah we came to get in and get out.” Clint agreed, “Stopping by and “chatting”” Clint threw up air quotes. “with Loki may put a halt to the get out part of our plan.”
“Then can you go and check there? Thor can you go with him?” Steve asked and both men nodded in agreement.
And as the city was being rebuilt he had watched Steve run to and fro, doing all sorts of odd jobs; such as food delivery, errand running, water fetching, and other menial tasks and he was impressed. He offered for Steve to become his assistant and Steve accepted. Steve did many odd jobs for the man but with Steve’s less than impressive physique his main job appeared to be keeping Howard company.
“Yes. Yes, I’m not feeling the best,” Loki then pushed on the larger gods chest. “Perhaps we should move to my chambers. It’s too damp in here. It’s affecting my mood.”
“Close enough.” Bucky grumbled but stood up, determined. “I’ll go apologize to him. As I said, I took a lot out on him unfairly. I need to own that.”
Looking at his tally wall, Tony let the revelation wash over him again. Sometimes he just couldn’t believe it. He hadn’t thought freedom possible. When he was young he entertained the fantasy but never actually thought he could be free. But then Loki had offered it, and now he had some years of freedom already built up. Years he would spend free! Over encompassing happiness and excitement bubbled out of him in the form of a manic giggle.
“Come on!” Bucky yelled in outrage. He shot up and went over to Thor, who held his arms up in surrender. “Steve is the best hero of us! He puts his life on the line everytime we face down a monster. He is the one in the front! What more does he need to prove?!”
Tony had invented a pulley of sorts that dangled over the cliffside. It made travel up to his house easier and less time consuming. When he showed it off, Clint had dubbed it Jerk Off and Tony had laughed so hard he ended up on the floor. He then said he was keeping the name, much to the dismay of everyone sans Clint.
“Then you’ll all get your strength back.” Tony shrugged and Steve grabbed his arm in what he meant to be a tight grip (however with his current strength it failed).
Fenrir growled at the group but then his ears perked up and he looked off into the distance. But then he turned back and growled at the group again. However, his ears kept moving as if listening for something.
Asterion was instructed to stay low and stay behind the Avengers no matter what. “Worse comes to worst, run back into the labyrinth and hide in there.” Steve instructed.
1. Frigga is a warrior Queen. I was never able to picture Odin declaring anyone “worthy” but Frigga is another story and she is a warrior sooo yup she dubbed Steve worthy.
Steve grabbed both Tony’s hands and pulled him towards the entrance. Tony resisted for a second but Rhodey gave him a light push and an encouraging gesture. Tony then took a deep breath to steal his nerves and let Steve pull him up to the entrance. Steve gave Tony’s hands a squeeze and stopped them at the temple door.
3. You can see I allude to a promise between Tony and Loki, it’s one of the side stories in my head during Tony’s childhood in Hel. But I’m sure you all can imagine the backstory to that as well.
“Why?! For you to ignore it as you ignored everything!” Loki yelled back as he dodged the bolt. “As you always have!”
“Thor was right. This is the perfect place to help get you recognized as a True Hero.” Sam said to Steve as he finished his drink.
After the fight with the Hydra, the citizens of New Thebes City were in a frenzy of excitement. A huge celebration was thrown in Thor’s local temple. During the party the god introduced and congratulated his friends on their “glorious victory in battle”. The party lasted the entire night and even continued onto the next morning. No one had ever slain a Hydra before. And though Thor did provide some divine intervention, most of the crowd saw/heard that the 5 mortal heroes were the ones who had battled and defeated 3 heads of the beast.
“It took me weeks to get to this point. And now they’re not going to trust me, and I just reset any repertoire I had with Steve back to zero.” Tony flung out his hands in frustration. “What do you think?!”
“No listen!” Tony practically begged because he noticed Loki putting up his walls. “Thor’s been loyal to you this entire time!”
Steve heaved a deep breath then held up his left hand. He hadn’t taken his ring off, only slid Peggy’s ring on top of it. They were simple bands, no fancy engravings, nothing to distinguish them from one another; but Steve knew. He knew which one was his and which had been Peggy’s. The only time he did take them off was for the transformation. He was beyond relieved when he found they still fit his finger, a snug fit but they fit nonetheless.
“Tony,” He trailed a finger down the brunette’s arm. “What’s the first thing you want to do now as a free man?”
“Before you so rudely interrupted us. Amora and I were discussing something of great importance.” Loki said in a no nonsense tone. “Till that is dealt with I cannot look for this one mortal in Hel.”
“What’s bothering me?!” Bucky repeated almost incredulously. He turned and walked back towards Steve so they stood face to face.
Steve chuckled a bit as he righted himself. Then the sound of someone gasping and coughing caught his attention.
The three looked out at the city in contemplation. From their viewpoint they could see the harbor, the different levels of the city, and the area Jörmungandr obviously was. Tony’s eyes caught on the harbor.
“I’m just going to throw this out here again. Feel free to ignore it as you have everytime I say it.” Tony said smoothly as he walked over to Loki and stood in front of the god. “But why don’t you Talk. To. Thor?” He punctuated each word clearly and loudly, as if that would help get the idea into Loki’s horned head.
“Then I have to yell at Odin?” Bucky asked harshly and glared up at the sky, as if daring the King of the gods to face him. “Cause I will.” He challenged.
“Hello to you to.” Tony said sarcastically, which only got him a stern look. “Look,” He began gently “they’re mortal.” Loki’s eyes drew into a glare and Tony began talking faster in order to try and get his point out as quickly as possible. “I know you’re mad. But they’re just trying to show off. Doing the normal hero shtick in order to gain his favor.” Loki growled and Tony rushed out “But they are mortal. Just wait and they’ll die and he’ll come back-”
Tony wanted to laugh at the offended face Amora wore. She couldn’t believe her powers were being questioned and worse off, that she was being shelved. Loki then looked at him and Tony tried to mask his enjoyment but Loki appeared to just study him then he smirked.
Loki grabbed Tony’s shoulders and held them in a tight grip, pulling the man back closer to him. The god then glared  and snarled viciously at the Avengers.
The Avengers and Fenrir watched as the arrow flew past them. Fenrir visibly perked up and looked after the arrow in excitement and want. His tail was going crazy. However once he heard the Avengers shuffle he shifted his attention back to them and growled menacingly.
“I could see it.” Thor explained. “Since I’m a god it probably couldn’t take my energy and thus couldn’t blind me from the exit.”
doubt, Lord Odin was power hungry. He was the heir! He would have gotten everything eventually! If that was true all he had to do was wait, not start and win a rebellion against Bestla.”
Near the banks of the river, they were greeted by a very blue Loki. Loki was glaring at Tony and hadn’t taken his eyes off the shade. However the glare lost it’s affect the closer Tony got to him; because then he could see the tears frozen on the gods face.
Steve immediately raced to follow her. Distantly he and the others felt bad that they had left Thor alone; but he was a god and Loki’s lover. Plus the excitement and rush of emotion at the thought of seeing Tony again outweighed the guilt.
“All those weapons and they did you nothing.” He taunted. “Best if we take them. Then they’d actually get some use.”  The other bandits laughed at this as Bucky glared harshly at the man.
Everyone took on an expression of panic but Steve kept up his look of defiance. Tony, meanwhile, was grunting and pulling with all his might and trying to quell the panic and urge to cry that was clawing at him.
Steve blinked after him and assumed having sex was not the first thing. Since he clearly just shot the blonde down; seemingly without even noticing that’s what Steve was offering.
1. Tony is wearing a shorter, red, Megera outfit in this chapter, just an FYI. I couldn’t think of how to describe it other than femine and draws attention to the hips.
Everyone stopped and stared at the blonde. Then Jan’s face morphed into the brightest smile that rivaled Thor’s. Meanwhile Happy’s face morphed into a considering frown. Then the debates started. Jan, Clint, and Thor were all for Steve confessing to Tony and getting together because they knew Steve and Tony would make a great couple. Happy and Bucky thought Steve should think about it more. Happy wanted to protect his friend and urged Steve to really evaluate his feelings before making any move. Bucky said the same thing but also asked Steve look at life’s big picture -meaning Tony’s world and Steve’s world. Which caused another round of debates. Natasha and Sam tried to be the mediators but two people were not enough to keep their group of friends calm.
“Steve I have come to know you and know a few things about you.” Erskine said as they continued to walk aimlessly. “I believe you will make a good hero.” He said finally and Steve beamed at him.
Thor was sitting on the armchair with Loki on his lap, the raven haired gods back plastered against his chest. Loki had his hands braced on the armrests and used them to help lift himself up and down Thor’s cock. Thor for his part, kept jutting his hips in time with Loki’s movements. He also had his hands on Loki’s waist, assisting in the rhythm.
“Loki.” Thor whispered in a warning tone. “Loki, are you in there?” Thor then gave the face of the statue a light tap. Nothing. “Loki!” He grabbed the base of Loki’s horns. “Loki!”
“Tony?!” Steve exclaimed finally getting a good view of the scene and immediately recognizing the lithe brunette.
“I should have told you. But I didn’t, and that’s on me.” Finally the blonde looked up at his friend. “I know you put everything on hold. I know you gave up everything to follow me. And just because it’s worked out doesn't excuse the fact that I
5. There’s another character I wanted to introduce here as they’re pretty vital to the plot, but I couldn’t figure out a way to do it without drawing the chapter away from its point so they’ll just get their intro another time.
They both turned to Loki and the blue god just stared at them, no amusement or approval in his eyes.
Loki hadn’t done anything to her shade, solely for the reason of never wanting to see the woman again in his entire existence. She had turned Thor’s gaze so easily. This was eons ago, back when Loki was only the god of mischief. She had so easily stolen Thor's attention. Thor’s gaze never went his way, never stayed on any creature for too long; but that mortal -Jane- had just appeared and Thor seemed smitten. Smitten!
At 13 years old Tony was allowed into the living world for the first time. He had asked only a few times in the years before but it came to no fruition.
The crowd parted so Tony and Steve could run to meet each other. Steve held out his arm and Tony immediately latched onto it and seemed to lean his weight on it for a moment as he breathed out “Thank goodness.”
Tony blinked his eyes open and gave Steve a confused look while glancing at the blonde’s mouth. “What?” Tony breathed.
3. I commissioned that pic back in May 2016 from https://perdax-blog.tumblr.com And this whole time it’s just been sitting on my computer judging me for not actually writing this story yet. You can also find this on my tumblr
“Seriously, why are you here?” He asked and gestured around the bog. “Do you know what this place is?”
“Would you stop….teleporting...me….” Tony yelled as he charged through the side door but then his rant and volume dwindled as he took stock of everything and everyone in the Throne Room.
3. Hope you all enjoyed my made up set up of Jotens and Asgardian gods. If it seems awfully one-sided maybe that’s cause the victor’s are the ones who write the history books and Odin won. So *wink wink nudge nudge* Also if you couldn’t tell Loki’s daddy issues are really tied into this story. But that’s a story for a different posting (which I am working on currently!).
“Yes!” Bucky shot back then returned his attention to Steve “You ran in without a plan, acted all flustered, I mean Stevey; you couldn’t even put a sentence together!”
“What else are you going to do? Send more young and inexperienced creatures after them? Steve’s hitting every curve you throw at him.” Tony gestured to the Avengers below and Loki seethed in anger.
“Stark! Howard Stark! My Lord, my name is Howard Stark.” Howard quickly rushed out as he rose from his bow. “Please, as a shade you know I cannot lie, so believe the truth in my words. I cannot be dead, I need to go back.”
Bruce actually laughed and nodded in the affirmative. “Yes, yes, and yes! I’ve only ever seen him in red chitons. It’s got to be his favorite color.”
“Tony, look at me.” Rhodey said, bending so as to make it easier. “This is your mother...I know you have wanted to see her.” Tony choked down a pained sound “And now you will….it will be ok.”
“A-Ah, no. I uh-” Steve stammered as Tony made his way over to him. Steve eventually coughed, stood up straighter and  tried to keep a calm composure. “H-how have you been?”
Loki grimaced at that thought. Hel was finally working smoothly and at a point where he was rarely, if ever, bothered and that was due to all the employees he now had.
The press had a field month. Tony rarely left his lab. Steve bought a treadmill since he couldn’t go outside without getting flooded by cameras.
Steve complied and also began dismantling Tony’s. Finally, both clothes loosened enough that their erections sprang free and both men moaned.
Thor had carried the humans out of Hel and back into the land of the living. However he hadn’t stopped there. He kept flying till they landed on an abandoned looking island. It was covered in wrecked statues and an ever moving mist. The mist seemed to part around Thor but otherwise kept moving, obscuring the mortals view of anything more than 3 feet in front of them.
2. Tony grew up with Loki of course he’s got MAD Bull Shitting abilities. I love this chapter for this reason and was so excited to write it. :D
Natasha finally got her bearings again and put herself up front. Before she could formulate a plan or Fenrir could attack, a flaming arrow flew over everyone's head.
With that Pepper walked towards the Helm. Happy quickly opened the door for the shade and she smiled as she walked past him. Happy then gestured for the Avengers to follow, which they did.
“Tony! Tony! It’s alright. It’s ok.” He tried to reassure as he jumped down and gently placed the trembling brunette on the sand. He then grabbed his old cape that Tony wore and took it off so it didn’t obstruct Tony’s breathing.
“Loki?” Thor called hesitantly. “Is this a jest? An illusion?” He waved his hand into the room but didn’t actually step in. “Are you attempting to bury me in books when I hit the stack that you’ve magiced away from my sight?”
“He’s attacking the city right now. Everyone else is holding him off and trying-” Steve tried to explain but Thor cut him off by seizing both the blonde’s shoulders in a panic.
“Ty got handsy and Steve jumped in with the usual wanna-be-hero schtick of “I’ll save you fair damsel”” Tony explained.
“DON’T YOU DARE PUT THAT ON HIM!” Rhodes yelled galloping over and slamming his front hooves down by the dou. “You can hide behind that bullshit excuse all you want, but don’t you dare act like this is his duty!”
Natasha gave him a smirk and Clint giggled next to her. She then ushered the rather large tour group inside the room. Clint asked the students to put their practice spears down and then went to collect them as Natasha waltzed over to stand next to Steve.
Loki let her words sink in and his red eyes darted to and fro as he thought over her advice. He then muttered an agreement and paced as he thought over new potential approaches. Tony walked back into the temple and leaned against one of it’s pillars.  After a few minutes of nothing but Loki muttering plans and pacing, Amora and Tony began to look bored. Amora looking over her nails and Tony counting all the candles he could spot from his position.
“But…” Loki smirked and rose from his throne. “If he were to die in a way other mortal heroes have then there's no one to blame.”
“Come.” Loki grabbed Howard’s arm and in a swirl of green mist transported them back to his throne room.
“I’m going to get us some snacks and wine.” Tony said airily, “This is your vacation after all, so don’t get up. Just relax. You don’t know where anything is anyway. And don’t think of trying to learn. I’m going to move it all when I’m bored next week.”
“Clint, Natasha, Bruce you three need to get to where Jörmungandr is.” Betty made a panicked and pained sound and Steve grimaced “You’re going to be the front line. Distract the snake. Get him away from the civilians.” The blonde then turned to Bucky and Sam. “Bucky, Sam you two will be the next line. Back up and stay in the dark unless the other 3 need your help, then intervene to help alleviate them.” The two men nodded.
Steve was about to compliment him. He wanted to thank Tony, praise him actually. For the man’s intervention, for his speech, for helping Steve really see what was necessary. But he didn’t get the chance, Tony beat him to it.
Steve jogged to catch up to his friends. Clint and Sam seemed to have a race going on, as they were far ahead of everyone. While Natasha and Bruce were walking with Bucky, watching to make sure he didn’t stumble on the cliff side.
“Do you?!” Steve retorted then grabbed the brunettes arm and pulled him closer to his friends so they could talk more quietly. “What are you doing here Tony? It’s dangerous!”
Steve kept this up for awhile before Tony let out a deep breath and seemed to come back to himself. Tony blinked at the blonde, smacked his lips a few times but Steve just kept rubbing his back and spoke gently.
Sam, Clint, and Natasha had been the closests. The woman had grabbed Clint’s arm then clung to the front of his warriors dress. She then turned her panicked gaze to the others and stared Sam and Natasha each in the eye.
“Let me finish.” Phil advised. “So he’s been satisfying it with their convicts but figured he might want to make political use of his problem.”
“NO!” Tony shot up and once again put himself between the wolf and the Avengers. “Fenrir! No!” He said firmly, he then turned to the Avengers. “Avengers! No!” He said in the same firm tone.
“See how easy this is?” She smirked then waved her hand, Clint obeyed her unsaid command and took a few steps back.
New York City for all it’s grander was still in a small world, so of course Steve’s side and Tony’s side would run in to each other from time to time. Greetings, if given, were stiff and partings awkward. Tony and Steve ran crossed paths but it never ended well.
2. This chapter jumped around a lot and is long but I didn’t want to cut this into separate chapters as the main point was their meeting.
“Yeah when he had magic Asgardian water in him...but he doesn’t now! He’s just a regular mortal.” Tony barked a laugh “And you can’t control him.” He gave her a disappointed look.
“Friends.” Thor said, glancing behind them. “We have once again journeyed too far. We must make our way back to the path.”
2. It was hinted at in the earlier chapters but finally here is the full description. I made Loki’s jotun form like Hades red fire hair. He usually has his Asgardian look but when he gets angry his jotun form (blue skin, red eyes) bleeds through. His depictions in the mortal world are mostly of him in his jotun form.
“I can tell you’re going to make it Steve.” He said with a tone of pure confidence and pride; and Steve blushed at the tone and words. “You’re going to become a True Hero and get Peggy back.”
Steve had on a light blue knee length chiton that had a dark red, one shoulder cape attached to it. Tony meanwhile wore a red floor length chiton, with the blue cape Steve had given him when they first met around his neck as a pseudo scarf. Steve had blushed when he saw Tony still had it and Tony threw the blonde a wink.
“Well then Anthony.” Tony immediately gave his attention to Loki. The god never used his full first name unless he was in deep shit. “Instead of subtracting 2 years off your sentence, I’m adding 2 on.” Tony looked aghast. “You gave it your best shot.” He ended mockingly.
“You managed to make them all believe he was crazy.” Loki sounded absolutely delighted at the lie and Tony let out a chuckle as he walked back to the house.
Thank you ALL SO SO MUCH for all the love and support I get for this fic! I'm glad you all enjoy it!!
“There! Let me finish.” He reprimanded. “You can earn your freedom, but you must do just that. You must
His “step-father” King Minos had insulted the goddess Frigga. This had enraged Odin who then recruited the god Fandral (god of love) to make Minos’s wife Pasiphae fall in love with a prized bull. Eventually this led to Asterion’s birth.  His mother loved him, and tried to protect him from Minos. But eventually Minos found out about him. After that Asterion’s life was filled with pain. Minos locked him up and would abuse him in every way: physically, mentally, and verbally. The worst was when his mother would try to sneak down to the dungeons to see him. Minos would always find out and would make Asterion watch as he whipped her back. But Asterions grew bigger and stronger than the restraints holding him. His mother feared what Minos would do so she snuck him out. After that he found he wasn’t welcome anywhere. Treated as the very thing Minos called him everywhere he went. So he ran for refuge in the Monster Bog.
“Tony knows Steve was using him, so I had hoped that would be enough incentive for him to not help. But for good measure, I revealed Tony was working for me so he’d surely stay away from them so as to avoid their anger.” Loki growled again “But nooo, apparently he is fine with being a mat they can tread their feet upon.”
It was like a small village. Huts and homes of various sizes sat next to each other, all housing different creatures. At first Tony was terrified of the place and stayed glued to Rhodes back when they were there. It didn’t help that after some creatures found out Tony was Loki’s slave they thought that entitled them to use him as they wanted as well. Ordering him to fetch them items, and demeaning him. Rhodey had stood up for his charge but he knew Tony still dreaded every minute spent in the Village.
Tony was only human. He grabbed Steve’s face and pulled the blonde towards him. Eventually Tony’s back met the doorframe and the two began making out in earnest.
“Seriously?!” Tony shouted in exasperation as he took stock of all the damage to the room. “Would you two just go into Loki’s room and jump to the next step?! Do you have to do this part of the foreplay everytime?!”
Things with Howard were stagnant. Maria had the statue in New Thebes removed and Tony was grateful though the citizens were confused. They didn’t publicize the truth. However Tony still did not go by Stark. When asked for his full name he would say Anthony Jarvis. But Tony had talked to Howard, only three times but they had talked.
That gave Loki pause and Tony fought to suppress the smirk that wanted to take over his face. Loki gave him a light glare.
“Wrong! I do have a deal.” Thor gave a smirk and crossed his arms. “I read some of those writing about Hel that I brought you.” Loki raised his eyebrow in curiosity but Thor ignored him and turned to the mortals. “Mortal,” he addressed “What is your name?”
Steve was stunned for a moment at this new turn of events. Clint watched him like a hawk, wondering how he would take the news.
“It’s a secret – don’t let others know. I can already feel the expectations coming on and I might just zipline away forever. Anyway, I think I’ve been third wheeling way too long here, so I’m going to just leave now.” Clint turns around, and starts to walk away, before he looks back and mouths to Steve – “He needs you.”
“For now, I still can’t be sure. However, I have something handy here that can tell if an object is from this dimension, or another dimension,” Reed said excitedly.
“Gladly, Sir,” Jarvis replied with a smug tone. If he had a physical body, he would probably have a big smirk on his face, not unlike Clint.
JARVIS suddenly came online, rattling off about details from the assessment of Tony’s injuries. Tony felt a surge of relief that came with JARVIS – FRIDAY just didn’t feel the same.
“Nothing much. Tony just got drunk. I think it’s because he got rejected by Pepper or something. He was muttering something about “I love you” and “marry me” in the lobby. And you should have helped if you weren’t sleeping and you were in the tower,” Steve grumbled.
“Romance?” Tony whipped around to look at the screen. How dare Reed even mention anything about his crush, or rather, legitimate adult attraction, to Steve?
“I never knew Captain America could be so dense. Get your head out of your star-spangled ass and think. Why would Tony break up with Pepper?”
“Sorry Steve, I need to settle stuff for Reed. How about you just explore with the Starkpad first? I’ll be back as soon as I can.”
“Why are you looking at me?” Steve asked with a twinge of annoyance as he helped Tony lie on the bed, and sat at the corner, looking at Clint.
Steve, I’m sure you know what that word means. A few more lines of coding and I’ll go and watch your stupid Justice League with you.”
Tony dropped his cup onto the coffee a little harder on the table than he intended to, and chipped off the bottom of the porcelain cup with a loud clang. A small smithereen of the chipped glass cut his hand, and seemed to be embedded, but the pain was barely felt. At this point, physical pain was nothing compared to the mental hurt he went through everyday. His hand shook, and he stood up shakily. “I’ll just go work on something in the workshop,” he said unsteadily as he felt his voice cracking slightly and he did not want Steve to see him breaking down.
Steve didn’t know what to feel. On one hand, he was pretty happy that he wouldn’t have to explain everything he said, and that there wouldn’t be any awkwardness if Tony didn’t know about his feelings. He would just continue being Captain America, and Tony would continue being Iron Man. Save-the-universe partners, just like what he said. He didn’t want to just be that though. He wanted more, especially now that he knew Tony felt the same way.
“Me too,” Steve replied with a lopsided smile. “I’m so glad that I don’t have that recurring nightmare anymore now that you’re in my arms through the night.”
He fiddled with the design for a bit, when he heard the door click open. A small, thin man appeared at his doorstep.
The spaceship jerked halfway through Tony’s desperate pleads – and it jerked a few more times – before it was hurtling through space. He started laughing and crying all at the same time. “I’m going to see Steve, Nebs, I’m going to see my Capsicle!” She was then enveloped in his tight hug, a sad little smile etched on her face, for nobody who saw him at that moment could doubt how much he could love and how much he was loved.
“Ouch,” Wade exclaimed in a falsetto voice. “Would you please watch the body, don’t hurt it! I took five years re-growing it! I don’t think you can actually destroy me, but I don’t want to have to wait again for all my little bits to grow, okay? Do you know how boring it was to regrow myself from tiny bits of dust particles? I couldn’t watch Game of Thrones, I couldn’t eat a chimichanga, and thank goodness I was in my apartment when only my head grew back, if not I wouldn’t be able to get my head anywhere? It is actually pretty impossible for a head itself to open the door, or feed myself, or switch on the damn television!”
“You can just tell me if you want to, you know. Tony’s passed out and there’s no one else. I know I don’t seem very intelligent, but it’s just tiring to have to comply to expectations of some form of intelligence, and I don’t want Coulson forcing me to do all the paperwork and help Tony in sciency shit if he realised I was smart enough for 5 PhDs.”
Tony laughed and pushed Steve away gently. “So I’m a thing now, huh? Since when did you learn to say things like this, Mama Rogers would be appalled at your manners,” he chuckled. “Come on, I know I can’t convince you that you must have a job because of your righteousness, but I want to show you the game I’ve been working on.”
“Iron Man,” Steve wheezed. “Iron Man, that’s so silly. How would anyone even be able to walk around in an entire outfit made of iron, that’s just downright hilarious. Might as well call yourself Metal Man. Or Shiny Man.”
He knew Steve was insecure about himself, and he wanted to change that, he thought to himself as he worked on his latest character that he decided to call Captain America. “Blond, blue eyes, but strong. No more health problems that Stevie suffers from,” he muttered to himself. “What weapon should I equip him with? I would have wanted a cool gun or something, but Steve only fights to protect the weak.”
They kissed heatedly, as Steve pressed Tony against the wall of the lift, and all the level buttons lit up a bright blue. As they pressed their lips to each other urgently, after eons of bickering and unresolved sexual tension, the lift door opened and Bucky was standing right outside.
“Maybe if you amplified the signals you were sending by increasing the frequency of the Large Hadron Collider, or changing the type of particle to one with different percentage of quarks, you might be able to do it. But this would require an experiment with many different forms of – Steve? Why are you here? I’m busy sciencing right now, I’ll get back to you later,” Tony replied in a hurried, mechanical tone, one hand flying across the keyboard to type a code testing out hypothetical particles, the other hand flipping pages on other scientific journals.
“It is what I think,” Tony replied shortly before he strode into the lift, and tiptoed to kiss Steve on the lips, wrapping his arm around his neck. Steve was stunned, and his arms remained limply at his sides as he slowly kissed Tony back. Tony’s moustache tickled, but it was a nice feeling. He could feel the arc reactor pressed up against his chest, cold metal against his own warm beating heart. Tony’s warm hands were creeping up his neck, and his fingers curled up in the shining blond hair.
“Why would Jarvis specifically ask you to help Tony when everyone else isn’t sleeping in the tower? We all know who created Jarvis. Tony obviously likes you, and you obviously like him too.”
. The shock rendered him unable to move, as if he was frozen in place by a glacier of ice while the world crashed and burned all around him.
“Sir just arrived home, and I believe he requires assistance,” Jarvis cuts in through Steve’s moment of silence. He groaned loudly. This tower was constantly busy, them being saviours of the universe, and it wasn’t easy to get a moment of peace, especially with the combination of Barnes and Barton.
“Who the hell are you, how the hell do you know Petey, and why the hell are you here?” Tony snarled. “I’ll destroy you in a few seconds unless you can give me a reasonable explanation.”
“I – actually need to find Reed Richards – about something that happened up there, and I need to understand some things,” Tony replied shortly. Hearing that disappointment just wrecked Tony more than he already was.
“What the hell is this???” Steve exclaimed loudly. Despite the shock, he could not avert his eyes from the drawings of them kissing, getting married, comics of them bickering but making up.
“Tony, this is important. Like really important,” Steve said angrily. Tony glanced up at Steve. He would give up anything for Steve, but it didn’t seem like anything really bad like an Asgardian god terrorising Earth was going on, and Reed was waiting impatiently for him to help out. He hesitated, as he didn’t want to make Steve unhappy.
“We’re Avengers. Our job is to save the world and honestly – we might lose each other any time. I don’t want to go into a relationship with that fear looming over me. I lost my best friend in the line of fire, and I watched as he fell off a snow mountain. I don’t want to go through that entire thing again, honestly. And I don’t want to turn into a hero that prioritises saving his boyfriend over the life of civilians,” Steve replied.
“Steve, our science experiment is very important too. It could pave the way for interdimensional travel, and we wouldn’t have to consider using silly, unscientific magic like that of Strange’s anymore for going to another dimension. Think about the possible consequences of this, Tony! You aren’t seriously going to let romance ruin science, are you? At least Sue is more understanding than your Captain, she sometimes lets me science instead of babysitting,” Reed said.
Steve swiped back to look at his outfit. He drank in every detail, every small part of the cowl, the spandex, the shield, and stood there quietly for a few minutes, left hand gripping Tony’s warm right hand.
“Then you mustn’t have seen a lot of perfect things in your life, darling, the game is so incomplete.”
Now, he was finally happy. He left behind his toxic family, left behind Howard and memories of emotional abuse. He met Steve, the love of his life, and they got an apartment together. The way sunlight glinted and sparkled on Steve’s blond hair was his best reason to wake up every morning.
“You’re ridiculous. You obviously like him, but you just stop yourself from liking him, and none of us know why. If it’s because you represent America and orange cheeto guy who happens to be America’s president is against gay marriage, then you are a lot more stupid than I take you for.”
“The entire tower is sick of your staring at him at breakfast, lunch, dinner, on missions, everywhere. Honestly, maybe before this you didn’t want to ruin his relationship with Pep, but he dumped her because of you. What else is stopping you?”
“What’s this, holding hands? I knew it, you guys liked each other. Nat owes me a Starbucks now, and you guys owe me too, I mean, you both should thank me. If I didn’t show Steve the ‘Stony’ pictures on the Internet, he wouldn’t have ran down, and you two wouldn’t have talked your feelings out, and aww, you guys must be so happy right now, feel free to thank me with a Ferrari, especially since Tony is made out of money,” Clint remarked happily, until he realised the tension.
“That’s stupid. Just because you’re a superhero doesn’t mean you don’t get to fall in love and enjoy happiness. I mean, by that logic, Thor shouldn’t be dating Jane, I shouldn’t be dating Bucky, and Nat shouldn’t be dating Bruce. But if you think about it, these relationships bring a lot more cohesion to the group. We work better together in missions because we know each other better. Less like colleagues, more like family. Plus, if Tony were in danger, we all know you’ll save him over civilians whether or not he’s your boyfriend, so that’s an invalid argument.”
“Apologies, Mister Rogers. I took the liberty of showing Sir the video of you pacing in the lift, as I thought it was appropriate for him to get a clearer understanding of the situation,” Jarvis said, not sounding apologetic at all. In fact, a little too smug for Steve’s liking.
“Let’s get you to bed,” Steve said softly, and helped Tony to the lift. When it reached the right level, he walked out to see Clint standing in the doorway, holding a cup of Starbucks.
“Steve, Google is like a – personal database of information? There’s a lot of usable things, recipes, medical help, information that you’ll need in daily life, but it’s not that specific until you know what specific people are doing. Besides, why do you need to know what Nick Fury is doing? Honestly, just ask your biggest fan, Coulson if you want to know,” Tony exclaimed while laughing.
With some reluctance, they got Wade seated down at the family table, and ordered delivery from the nearest mall for chimichangas. Morgan was settled down into a chair behind Steve, as they were still wary of him. She stared at him with wide eyes.
Steve was frail, sure. Pretty much a little ball of justice, and that could be annoying since Tony always had to make sure he wasn’t getting into fights over defending stray puppers or falling out of trees by retrieving cats for poor old ladies. However, his heart of gold was actually what attracted Tony the most, even though he would never admit it to anyone else, not especially Steve.
The movie played on, and they watched on in comfortable silence, and Steve slowly nodded off to sleep. It had been a busy day at the Daily Bugle for him. Tony grabbed a blanket lying around on the floor, smoothed it out in a few strokes before covering the both of them with the soft cloth. He pressed a kiss to the top of Steve’s head tenderly and chastely, before falling asleep as well.
“Please, I have to get back to Earth, can you get us back there? Please, I really need help, I have to get back, there’s someone really important there,” Tony yelled as he sunk to his knees, on the verge of collapsing from lack of sustenance and the panic coursing through his veins. “Please,” he screamed. The glowing woman flew away, and Tony’s screams got increasingly agitated. “Where did she go? Where? We have to find her, chase her, I don’t know how, please, PLEASE,” he shouted at Nebula, clinging to her arm. “I have to see Steve.” A tear rolled down his cheek which he wiped away quickly with the back of his hand.
Tony could smell his scent, even post-battle he still smelled as good as ever. His hands were so big and warm, holding him tight. His face was nuzzled into his Captain’s blond hair, and he half thought that it wouldn’t be too bad to stay like this forever.
“I’m here, because I think I either travelled back in time or travelled to another universe. You know, the multiverse theory.”
“Don’t want to scare the little girl. Trust me, it’s not a nice sight.” He reached out a hand to Morgan. “What’s your name, dear?” Wade said with a surprising gentleness in his voice.
“I get it. The pictures weren’t yours, you don’t like me, right? Don’t have to explain anything to me,” Steve replied shortly, a look of pain in his eyes.
“Jesus, Tony, I fucking thought -,” Steve choked up, “I fucking thought you died. I thought you were leaving me behind and I’m so fucking sorry for all the shit that I said when we first met. I said that you weren’t the guy to make the sacrifice play, you would only fight for yourself, you would never lay down on a wire and let the other guy crawl over you. I said all that shit and I never really apologised for it and now I’m rambling like you and you nearly sacrificed yourself to save all of us and I was so close to actually losing you.”
“I’m just learning how to use Google, Tony was supposed to be here teaching me, but he went off to talk with Reed.”
Reed was laughing to himself, insanely happy that there was such a breakthrough and he could get extra data from that tiny shard of porcelain.
Instead of replying, Tony pushed his arm away, and clumsily got down on one knee in front of Steve. Steve’s patience was wearing thin – it wasn’t his job to take care of Tony, and drunk Tony was even worse than blabbering, talkative and belligerent Tony.
“No, wait, I mean the pictures weren’t exactly mine, but I do like you, and have a crush on you, and,” Tony stopped, watching as Steve’s gaze changed from hurt into a hopeful gleam.
“Just a nightmare that I lost you,” he whispered. “I dreamt that you built some crazy massacre robot because you thought I might die and you wanted to protect me. I didn’t know that though, so I thought you weren’t taking the lives of civilians seriously and just messing around with robots that you didn’t understand. I was disappointed and the thing was, after that, I didn’t even bother to talk to you. I didn’t think about why you did it, I just assumed that you were arrogant, and I loved you but I didn’t want to tell you, because I didn’t want to be with someone who couldn’t take superhero-ing seriously.”
Steve would usually say ‘good morning’ followed by a bright smile on his face, but he just looked solemn as he took his breakfast and began making a sandwich on the bar counter for his own breakfast. Tony subconsciously ran his hand through his hair – he probably looked like a mess after a few nights of missing sleep, an unshaven messy beard, and bloodshot eyes. He got nervous and absently began to fidget with some gadgets he had in his pocket from the workshop, before he took out his tablet and called for FRIDAY to expand holograms of some designs he thought about into thin air. Steve ate his breakfast quietly, and the silence was deafening to Tony.
He heard the lift opening, and glanced up to see Clint sauntering through the lift doors, a cup of Starbucks in hand. Clint caught his eye, and walked over to sit beside Steve on the couch.
“Wait.” Tony walked over to Steve and grabbed his wrist to stop him from leaving. “What was it you actually wanted to say? I’m really sorry you had to hear what Reed said, he was just spouting nonsense, I don’t want you to be offended or anything just because he talked about romance between us. I recognise that we’re just acquaintances and honestly he shouldn’t have said that.”
Steve wasn’t even paying attention to the movie anymore. He watched the clock on the wall tick away, counting the seconds before his boyfriend came over to join him on the couch.
“Why don’t you pause on being so concerned about the welfare of my children and hurry up and help me with the engineering part, this will really be a breakthrough, I promise.”
“I told you don’t have to work. I have 3 degrees, and I own a big firm. Pep’s the CEO, but you do know that I have the most shares right? I can easily provide for you, but no, you have to be stubborn and choose to live in this tiny apartment because you want to be able to pay your fair share of rent. You could spend all your time doing things you like, rather than working at that small, useless, firm-”
Tony wasn’t elated though. His head hurt, and he wasn’t sure what to do, now that he found out this wasn’t his dimension. He thought about the fact that he didn’t meet the alternate version of himself in this world, which meant that
Steve walked to the doorway, and entered the empty lift of Stark Tower. He watched as the lift doors closed, before he paced around in circles in the lift worriedly, staring at his reflection in the mirror and wondering how he could spill out everything to Clint with Tony (albeit drunk) there.
“Tony,” Steve shouted. There was no anger in it though, only some kind of wistfulness, or melancholy. Tony stopped walking, and he didn’t know what to do. He wished his heart would stop feeling like it wanted to jump out of the arc reactor, for Steve.
As he walked past, Steve grabbed his wrist in an iron grip, halting his footsteps. Tony stood there, trying to control his rapid breathing as his mind seemed to spiral down quickly into his abyss of ‘very bad thoughts’. He shook off Steve’s grip. He didn’t want Steve to feel how badly he was shaking. A tiny part of him was a little happy that Steve saw that he was upset, Steve wanted him to be there at the communal area, Steve wanted him to stay.
“It’s alright. You didn’t do anything wrong. None of us could have beaten Thanos, and you know that yourself.” Tony paused. “As Avengers – there will always be a time where there’s a villain stronger, smarter, tougher, than the previous one, and one day we will have to lose. It’s just the way things are. We can’t win every battle out there, and… and one day we’ll just have to move on with the 50 percent that we have left. I’m just -” Steve reached out to caress Tony’s gaunt face, quietly awaiting.
Steve grabbed his wrist, and Tony could nearly hear his heart shatter as the way he held his wrist was exactly the same as when he defended Wanda and it was too much for him to take in. He couldn’t bear to hear some more cutting words and have more reminders of how Steve never liked him back and chose to blame him for everything that happened.
“Oh right, you guys reading this, I totally forgot to explain why I did something stupid like fly in through the window. It’s not really flying, but you know what I’m saying? I just kind of thought that, Mr America and Mr Guy in a Not-Actually-Iron suit here wouldn’t open the door for someone they don’t know, dressed up in a suit that has a similar colour theme to Harley Quinn from that other comic you guys might have seen. I don’t know. Climbing in through the chimney like a thin Santa Claus seemed even odder, and I didn’t want to scare off Petey’s younger sister, because I think he’s a little cute. And he thinks I’m a little cute.”
“Aren’t you going take out your mask? It must be stifling in that suit.” Tony said after moments of awkwardness elapsed.
Tony put his hand on hers gently, before she pulled back sharply, instantly wary. He raised an eyebrow, but decided not to say anything. She had probably been through far too much, hence the barriers put up between herself and everybody else.
Clint leaned and whispered into Steve’s ear. “So, you want him to take responsibility? Never knew Captain America was this outrageous.”
“I was just arranging the date for the next peer help session. The one I went to yesterday was specifically LGBTQ, and one of the people there shared how he went on their first date since 5 years ago. His new date is pretty handsome, I heard, and he could finally cheer up a bit. I’m really thankful that people are able to move on.”
Yes, Steve thought. “No, why would you even think that? I just want to know more about this Google thing, but Tony was being irresponsible,” Steve retorted.
Every night was a terror for Tony. Whenever his eyes closed, he remembered Steve’s shield, broken on the ground. Shattered into halves just like his oh-so-fragile heart. He remembered Steve lying on the ground, empty glassy eyes staring into his own, those sapphire eyes that used to be so full of life, that used to radiate that warm gaze. His lips were slightly open, as blood trickled out of the corners.
When Morgan was finally settled down, Steve came down to continue talking with Wade, who was shovelling down chimichangas as fast as he could.
Bruce was missing in a Quinjet, and Thor had left to go back to Asgard and investigate the stones. Everyone else around seemed to be pushing him away and he would have been fine with being a lone wolf if it wasn’t for the fact that Steve seemed to never want him around as well.
“I fucking killed you because I couldn’t get my shit together and tell you I fucking loved the shit out of you. I saw you die right in front of my eyes, and I couldn’t even do anything. So much for being fucking Captain America. I held your dead body and regretted so much that I never actually told you how I felt,” Steve finished softly, with so much sadness in his eyes that Tony wanted to kiss him and never let him go.
Great. Even Thor was better than him at modern technology. Now he seemed like a huge loser in front of Tony. He glanced at Tony, who seemed to be laughing until he was tearing up.
The game was making good progress, and Tony had come up with a name for the team that they were in. Steve was curled up on the couch, watching as Tony’s fingers clicked furiously away at the keyboards connected to the large monitors.
Putting down his sketchbook, Steve walked hurriedly to the lift and went down to the lobby of Stark Tower, where he saw an inebriated Tony stumbling around, hands flailing wildly.  Steve pressed the based of his palm to his forehead, before gripping Tony’s arms tightly and helping him stand properly. “Never thought your star spangled ass bothered about me,” Tony whispered drunkenly. Steve huffed a sound of annoyance before decidedly ignoring his comment.
“Steve, I missed you, I missed you so much, fuck. I really can’t. I needed you so much. Where the hell were you? I couldn’t do it, Steve, I lost to Thanos,” Tony sobbed. “I lost the kid too. I hate myself more than ever for that. ”
Steve finally pulled away, leaving his lips a few inches away from Tony’s own, and he saw the tears falling from his eyes. He wiped the tears away slowly from Tony’s face with his thumbs.
“Yes, darling, who else would it be? You know designing games is a hobby for me, and since it’s not something that Pep needs for the company, I decided to make superheroes, but based on us. I wanted to give you another reality – didn’t want you to be insecure anymore,” Tony said evenly.
Tony swallowed the lump in his throat. “Just fuck off, Steve, for fucks’ sake,” he snarled, before he left the room and took the elevator down to ground floor. I’m never going back to the tower. Anywhere but there.
He wondered briefly if what Steve thought as he faced death was the same as what he felt when he saw Steve dead in his nightmares.
All of a sudden, the l screens with the game in progress switched on, and it startled Tony. His AI JARVIS was still in progress, so he was really confused as to why the screens switched on for no reason. The monitors whirred alive, and Steve woke up, glancing questioningly at Tony, before he twirled their hands together.
“Deadpool is too crazy for me and Bucky, which is crazy considering that we’re pretty crazy. But there’s no other reason I can think of, honestly,” Clint countered.
With his mind decided, he clicked on the search button. Nothing could have prepared him for the plethora of images he saw. He dropped the Starkpad in surprise, and Clint was laughing so hard he fell off the couch.
“That’s a beautiful name.” He fished around in his pocket, before appearing with a small orange-flavoured lollipop. “This is for you,” he said aloud, before his voice dropped to a whisper. “Petey would have loved you.”
After half an hour had passed, Wade came back to sit with them. Steve and Tony glanced at each other. They had talked about this before. Whenever they were sad about Peter, they could grieve for a while, and then they had to get themselves together. Life would move on. They would do what they had to do. They let go of each other’s hands. Wade hummed the song from He Man, apparently completely unaware of the tension.
“Yeah, I can tell. All the pictures of the Petey. Anyway, I was supposed to go out with Petey, like hang out around the arcade. Not bring him to a bar, don’t think that way, I’m a really innocent guy, you know. Look, I’m even wearing a My Little Pony watch. You can’t say I’m not innocent. I couldn’t reach him on his phone, which is normal when he’s doing some Spider things, but like, yes, a day later or something, I can’t remember, the snap happened. I watched my blind old neighbour get turned into dust, and I watched myself turn into dust, and my first thought was – hey, I don’t know what’s happening but it’s all cool that I get a chance to test how far my regeneration goes. It took me quite a while, actually, but regeneration wasn’t impossible. Pretty uneventful, I’m sure you guys don’t want to hear about it. My second thought was worrying about Peter, because as far as I was concerned, I thought everybody turned into dust, and he can’t regenerate the way I can. After I got my body and my shit back together, I went out onto the streets to see what the fuck was going on, and also to get a chimichanga. I was definitely surprised to see fuckers randomly walking around on the streets, because last I remember, I was the only one on this damn Earth that’s unkillable.”
Steve pulled away from him slightly, and gazed into his eyes, strong hands cupping Tony’s neck, lips parted ever so slightly. Both were breathing heavily, oblivious of the rest of the team still standing around them. It was far from a romantic scenario, and chaos was erupting all around them, as the damage was being assessed and there were lives being saved, but only each other mattered the most in those few seconds. He leaned in really slowly, glancing at Tony’s lips until their mouths were a few centimetres apart.
“Did you ever love someone?” Tony asked, all of a sudden, his voice wavering slightly. “To the point that you didn’t want to think about existing without them?”
“If you wanted the embodiment of America you should have chosen to sell her for a cheeseburger. It’s still a deal though,” Steve joked, and slid a plate of the pancakes he had made across the table to Tony. He then picked Morgan up from Tony’s arms and fed her little bits of pancake with his free hand.
“Every time you guys argue, you guys seem like you are going to yell and then have really angry make up sex. Everyone in the tower knows it. Even Tony knows it. Pep agreed to a breakup because she could see that Tony obviously wants you and not her.”
Thanks to the glowing lady, who he later found out was called Captain Marvel – they arrived at planet Earth in under a day, most of which Tony spent by pacing around the interiors in excitement, or taking out the family photo of him and Peter. The spaceship landed on a huge grass patch, and Tony saw a glimpse of that beautiful blond hair. He ran out of the door of the spaceship and tumbled down the stairs a few at a time clumsily before running towards the love of his life, standing there, waiting for him with arms open. He pressed his face tightly into the Captain’s chest, face scrunched in tears from happiness, relief, sadness, guilt, grief, anger, and so many emotions that made him feel like he was going to burst.
“You know work is never any fun,” the blond grumbled. “The only one who’s actually my friend is Peter, and J Jonah Jameson keeps pestering him for pictures of some famous web designer. By extension, he yells at me too, and the both of us are like the laughingstock of the Daily Bugle.” A long sigh exuded from Steve, and the brunette strode quickly across their apartment to hold him in a warm, tight, hug.
Steve was the one who really woke him up. He really hated the guy at first. Too flawless, too patriotic, too… handsome. Tony really liked his ass, but detested his overly righteous personality – or at least that was at the beginning. Perhaps it was that Howard preferred perfecting Captain America much more than coming home to eat a simple dinner with Tony that made Tony so guarded against the star-spangled man with the plan. Well, if it was one thing Tony had to thank Howard for, it was that perfect ass. The ass touching began during an angry make out session with Steve where a physical brawl turned into an accidental kiss and a few more not-so-accidental kisses. Huh. Angry sex turned into pretty good sex, which turned into hand holding and forehead kisses. Even if the order was a little bit odd as compared to most of America’s population, it didn’t matter. Not that the Avengers were good at following the norm, anyway. They began going out in secret, and it was the rest of the Avengers’ little joke to pretend that Tony and Steve were just good save-the-universe partners. Tony clutched his helmet, trying to cling to as many memories of Steve as he could before he ran out of oxygen in less than 24 hours.
“You’re always talking about the next breakthrough and it hasn’t really happened with your researches except the time where you turned your wife, your wife’s brother, and next door neighbour Ben into circus freaks. Speaking of Sue, does she even know you’re here?”
“No, it’s alright, I just need some time off,” Tony replied quickly before powering up the blasters on the soles of the suit and flying off to Baxter Building, leaving his faceplate on the hard gravel where Steve picked it up sadly.
“The same event happened, there’s still Loki destroying the world and everything… but things went differently – some minor details changed.
Without saying anything to Reed, he got up, and walked towards the door, while Reed anxiously chased after him, asking for more precious porcelain shards so that he could possibly get another scientific breakthrough. Most of what Reed was mumbling faded off into nothing, as he was lost in his thoughts.
“So the thing is, either very far in the future or in some other dimension, I fought with Steve,” Tony said carefully, deciding to avoid mentioning the fact he created Ultron. “Anyway, I got knocked over by a car and I couldn’t call my suit in time, and then when I woke up I was on the ground. I probably fell out of the big portal in the sky, based on what I remembered from in my past, or previous dimension.”
No one else said anything much about Ultron, but it was clear that they thought the worst of him for it. They blamed him for it, and it hurt. He went to pour his 5th cup of coffee and stared listlessly at the drink trickling into his cup, mind too blank to even think about the Mark 42 design that he wanted to work on.
“I’m not going to be tricked with the ‘I’m always here for you’ kind of nonsense again. Not this time,” Tony barked out. His mind was already replaying a scene, from the other dimension.
He pushed Steve away gently, and stood up. Steve was still kneeling on the floor, looking up at him, dazed.
“It’s okay, Steve, you’re here and I’m here, and we’re not going to lose each other,” Tony said gently.
“Tony, please, talk to me. I don’t know what the hell happened up there, but I’m really worried and you’re being so cold to me. Talk to me, please. I’m always here for you," Steve pleaded, striding forward to stand in front of Tony.
Steve couldn’t stop the red blush that was creeping up his cheeks, and he couldn’t think of a witty retort, so he just glared at Clint.
“What is Nick Fury currently doing?” he voiced aloud while typing, eyes fixated on the Starkpad. He heard a loud guffaw behind him, followed by a heavy pat on his back. Turning around to look, he saw Thor laughing out loud, as was Tony.
He would wake up with less than an hour of sleep, cold sweat dripping off his face buried in his hands, shaking uncontrollably. He hated panic attacks. He hated feeling like he couldn’t breathe, he hated it when the ghosts from his mind throttled him around the throat. He would stumble out of bed and wander to the workshop just to take his mind off the fears that tripled in volume when night fell, or sit at the bar counter and try to drown his thoughts out in alcohol. Being sober was awfully difficult.
“I don’t know, the laptop screens switched on by themselves,” Tony replied, a slight hint of worry lacing his words. It didn’t make any sense, and he felt a chill down his spine, as if something bad was going to happen immediately. Someone could be hacking his computers? It was unlikely, as his skills in tech was superior to most, but still a possibility. The whirring of the monitors got increasingly louder, and he stood up in alarm, with his hand still in Steve’s. The light of the screens became blindingly bright, and both he and Steve threw up an arm over their eyes, as if to shield themselves from the unknown. Tony felt an immense tugging force pulling him into the bright light, and the last feeling he felt before he blacked out was the tight grip of Steve’s fingers, a silent promise of not letting go no matter what happened.
“So, when was he a mess, I’m confused,” Steve looks at the rest of them again, “If he was locked away by Osborn, why was Dani’s safety, or anyone’s safety an issue? Why was he left in there?”
Because for the sake of his child, he couldn’t afford to fall off the rails, even for just a moment.
Steve lets him and gets into the car, holding Tony until they’re by his flat. Peter comes in with him and Tony wobbles on his feet and runs for the bathroom. They hear him vomit again.
He finds Tony hunched over a cindered pile of wood, rummaging through it like it held the secrets to his sanity. He doesn’t look up when approached, something his years of fighting should have tuned him into doing. Obviously the wood is too important.
“Hey Tony,” He murmurs, watching as Tony reacts only a little, before continuing to search, “What are you up to?”
“I’m working on that notion,” Steve tells him, “It started a Civil War the first time, so you could say I learned a lesson on it.”
“You’re forgiving me?” Tony asks, wonder in his voice, and Steve wants to punch his hand through a wall.
Jess looks beyond her years when he opens the door. There are lines around her eyes and the corners of her lips, purple shadows and dull expressions. She looks tired and worn and doesn’t accept the offered drink that she once would have in a heartbeat.
Once everyone started to eat, Natasha came back down and took her place at the table, filling her plate with mostly rice and shoving it into her mouth. No one asked her how her visit to the farm had been as it was very clear that she had still not found Clint. Considering how hard it was to differentiate between piles of ash, Tony wondered why she never just assumed that Clint had been taken as well. He wasn't stupid enough to say this to her however because he knew how fragile hope could be.
He runs now, ignoring the moans of the mansion around him, but once he peeks through the gap he can see Tony standing on top of the broken elevator. And he’s fine.
He sighed, shrugging slowly, "I kind of had to." He admitted, "I didn't have the time to think it over or worry about my feelings, the world was being attacked. And it's been so long now, it doesn't really matter anymore."
“I can’t.” Tony tells him and Steve falls back onto the sofa, putting his head in his hands. Tony stands like a statue, his hands at his sides, “I don’t know how.”
She hummed, "Well it took some prompting, but you finally let it all out, huh." Her tone had softened and he pushed her away.
There’s a box sitting there that he hadn’t noticed the last time. Inside is the bomb that Criti Noll had planted on Janet. He opens it and presses a hand to his mouth.
had been a lie. Probe-3 was useless too and Probe-4 was stuck in orbit around a barren planet with seven moons.
“Not always.” Jess says, “Sometimes he, he’ll say something odd. It won’t make sense, but to him … he thinks
"Steve told me about animals before in the book we read." She explained, "And there was a donkey and a cow but the cow got sold. And then a beanstalk grew." She lifted her hands up to show him how fast it had grown, shooting them up from her chest to point to the ceiling, "But he told me today that beanstalks aren't real."
“Take what from here?” He asks and someone zip-ties Tony’s hands together, freezing when Steve steps into their space, “What the hell is this?” He asks again and that same agent blinks at him, unimpressed.
Tony’s eyes are half shut, a crescent of white only, and his lips are parted. The mattress is stained red.
“To be your leader again, not for this,” Steve snaps, “No one told me Tony was – how long has he been in confinement?” No one answers, “How long?” He demands, turning to the corner, “Bucky?”
“Mr Stark’s state of mind is a concern,” He says, like it’s old news, “Director Hill has requested he remain in a secure location whenever he has an episode.” Steve narrows his eyes, “He was released two months ago but clearly,” He gestures at Tony, who has now gone still and resigned, “This was too early.”
“To the Hole.” He says and Steve frowns, walking toward him. He steps on something that cracks and glances down to see an ident-card beneath his boot. It’s Logan’s and he sighs, picking it up and placing it on an overturned desk. Despite the broken window, the lab is mostly in shape, and the tables have only curled by the edges, every tool or kit in here just black but still intact.
“Okay.” Steve nods, “Okay I’ll help you look.” He waves a hand at the wood, “It won’t be in there, so we need to look somewhere else.”
“You’re not going back there, don’t worry,” Steve manages to get out, “But you should really get some rest right now. Okay?”
“No!” He screams and there’s a pop from somewhere down the hall. Steve turns to it and hears the mansion’s creaking intensify. They’ve run out of time.
“Jesus.” Sam says when the doors close and the sounds disappear, “I’ve not – he does look bad.” Steve looks at him, “I’ve not really seen him.”
Steve closes his eyes, his anger leaving him, “No Tony. We’re not. But the mansion is going to collapse, that’s why we need to leave.”
"It’s not that - " Something smashed upstairs and they snapped their heads up, standing immediately and running for the stairs. Natasha grabbed a shotgun from under the kitchen counter but Tony was ahead of her, racing for Anna's room. Another crash and Bruce stepped out, looking ready to fight with a baseball bat in hand, and though the sounds seemed to be coming from Natasha's room Tony still felt panicked.
That’s all it takes for Steve to leave the room and punch the button to go up on the elevator. No one follows him and he finds anger at the Shield agents for not simply telling him. They must have dumped Tony and left before he’d gotten here.
"It’s not as easy as before, no, but don’t pretend this isn't everything you've ever wanted Tony," Natasha sighed, "It's easier for you because you
He reaches up and grabs the wires, hoisting himself over the wall until he can slide past it and wriggle his way down toward the basement and his lab.
“I missed you,” He hums, shutting his eyes and slumping back, letting his head fall to Steve’s shoulder, “I wanted to die when you were gone.” Steve grows cold, “I tried, too. In the Hole. But there was nothing sharp enough.”
Tony’s eyes are calm and he seems almost serene as he stares over Steve like some ill-omened angel. Steve clears his throat, leaning back slightly to take him in.
"Nothing," He lifted her off of the bed so he could pull the sheets back, letting her climb back on herself, "It's time for bed."
Clint stood in all black, his hair shaved thin and studded gloves on his hands. “Took you long enough to figure it was here.” He said, “Especially since you’ve gone there about five times a month.”
"Of course." He swiped her hair from her face and stroked it back, kissing her forehead again and kneeling beside her, rubbing her stomach with his other hand until she started to fall asleep. Once he was sure she was gone, he stood and turned to see Steve leaning against the doorway with his arms folded. He was smiling, "What?"
“… okay,” Tony whispers, lifting his head up and looking at him. His gaze is piercing, even in the dim light, and it takes Steve’s breath away. He uses that as an excuse for why he doesn’t react in time to stop Tony from kissing him.
the stupid ones for not understanding.” She picks at her bottom lip with a nail, “He once told me he was worried about the sky. Said it looked angry.”
He sat still for a moment, quietly focused on not speaking, before she turned to him with a huff, "How did you forgive me?" She demanded and he blinked.
Natasha and he stared at each other and he watched as she literally locked herself away. She straightened and let her hands drop to her sides, tilting her head toward the door, "You should go. I'll be alright." It would be a mistake to argue that so he simply nodded and stood to pass her, putting a hand on her shoulder as he did, and heading downstairs.
"No. He would have come to us if that were it. Clint blames himself for a lot of things but he doesn't avoid them," She shook her head, "No. He blames us. He watched me look for him like some idiot and didn't show himself because he thinks we killed his family."
“He was grieving.” Steve tells him because what else could it be? To have been through so much, lose so many, and then be thrown into the dark without a friend in sight? Tony was already somewhat fragile anyway and this is likely what made him lose his sanity.
He left the room, locking himself in the bathroom and forcing his emotions back. He stared at himself in the mirror and breathed in deep, so tired of the tension he and Steve had but they knew they couldn’t work. He’d promised baby steps years ago but Steve had thrown that all away after the ‘Snap’.
He leaves the room then, refusing to watch as Tony is undressed and packed away in ice like a stack of meat. He heads for the penthouse instead, for the Hole, intent on smashing it to pieces.
“Well, if you don’t mind, I’ll take responsibility for the day. Trust me, I’m a better teacher than Tony. Just click images and type what I say into the search bar. S-t-o-n-y,” Clint said with an evil gleam in his eye.
Steved glared at Tony, who burst into fits of laughter again. “Steve, lighten up, it was just a joke.”
“I don’t think so, when I woke up I was just there and I was pretty confused and shaken,” Tony said as he looked at his hand, before realising that the shard from the porcelain glass that was embedded in his hand was still there.
“Anything for you, darling, but the game’s still a work in progress and it’s going to be a lot better when you actually get to play it. The resolution of the graphicsis disappointing low right now, and we can’t be the only two superheroes in the entire game, so I have to design more characters, and then look at the boss battles, and allocate the different game paths, and – I’m rambling again, fuck, look at me, I can’t stop talking, especially when I get so nervous, I really wanted to make you happy, I don’t even know where that sentence was even going anymore,” Tony finished.
The thing was, even though they started out with nothing but physical intimacy, the memories that Tony wanted to cling to the most weren’t moments of sex or Steve crying over his body after he fell out of the giant hole in the sky Loki created – he instead chose to think about the smallest things in life. The way Steve’s eyes shone with tears when he heard that gay marriage was legalised in America. The first time Steve went on the Internet, and asked Google to find Bucky. The dog photos in his phone that Steve found on Facebook and sent to him. The way Steve’s smile would light up when he said he would bring him out for pancakes in the morning. The time Steve smashed the smart television when he lost to Nat in Mario Kart. (Alright, it’s not really a good memory when a television gets smashed and Tony had to wait to watch the latest episode of Game of Thrones in his own Stark Cinematic Experience, but it’s not like Tony can’t afford another one. He’s made out of money.)
Whenever he thought of Steve’s shiny blond hair, his perfect build, his azure blue eyes, his altruism, his glittering All-American personality, his heart wrenched. The very person he wanted to protect, the very person he fell head over heels for was now looking at him as if he was a prisoner or some enemy of America. He sat on the chair of the bar counter holding his 4th cup of coffee, while his head rang as he hadn’t been able to get any sleep the entire night.
“I already do the thing I like pretty often,” Steve whispered in a low voice, mouth a few centimetres away from Tony’s neck.
Well, that was surprising. He never really recalled this entire sequence happening, what with Steve hugging him and all. It would have been something etched deeply in his memory – but instead his mind insisted all this had never happened.
“We need to science, Steve, couldn’t you leave that talk for a while later?” Reed huffed in an annoyed tone. Dum-E wandered over to Steve, and poked him, before pointing at the door. Steve gently pushed Dum-E away.
“How’s my little girl doing? It’s time you pass her over to me, I want to hug her for a while,” Steve whined, trying to ease the tension in the atmosphere.
Tony awoke to sunlight reflecting off Steve’s light blond hair. He was still fast asleep, and Tony reached out to run his fingers through that glimmering hair. Given that the other man was also an Avenger – he had a habit of sleeping lightly as everyone else did, ready to go on a mission at any given time. The slight rustle of his hair woke him up, and apologies started to spill from his lips.
“Alright, Steve. In the seventy years you’ve been a Capsicle, something called the Internet developed. Hold on to this Starkpad please,” Tony lectured, as his hands tinkered away at some new gadget he was inviting, while he was hunched over various mechanical parts. It was a lazy afternoon spent in the lounge of Stark Tower, and there weren’t any SHIELD related missions or paperwork to accomplish, so Steve decided to continue with lessons on the 21st century.
When he reached the door, Tony was still in a call with Reed. Seeing as the door was left open, Steve invited himself into Tony’s laboratory.
Tony missed Steve. He just couldn’t get himself together. The thought of not seeing Steve before his endgame after having just lost Peter broke something inside him, and a physical ache tugged at his arc reactor. Maybe, just maybe, after the end, he could see Peter again… Unless the snap threw him somewhere else, unreachable… And he would be alone again… Just like when he was twelve, tinkering in the lab at MIT with classmates who said he simply got in because his father was Howard Stark. Nobody wanted to talk with the ‘baby’ of the cohort. When he finally impressed people, had his own achievements and showed the world that he was a genius, billionaire, philanthropist (and a playboy), the line between who treated him genuinely and who treated him well for his money and his funding became blurred. He was lost in the whirls of the high-end society, tumbling into bed with someone new every other day, goals focussed on amassing more wealth to fill up that hollow void where his arc reactor was.
“What? Don’t tell me you believe that nonsense Deadpool said about a group of people controlling our fates and the one called Nick Spencer wrote some shit about me being a Hydra agent,” Steve said incredulously with half a smile on his face that loosened up the tension in the room.
Steve and him were from vastly different lives – when he graduated from MIT with his first degree, Steve was still in high school, working part time jobs at a café. Tony patented some of his inventions, and earned enough money to study a second degree, and spent a lot of time at the café that Steve was working at, getting his much needed caffeine to keep pursuing better and more improved science. They became good friends after many easy, late night conversations. However, it wasn’t until Steve got beat up in a small alley behind the café and Tony saw him home that Tony realised that he was in love with the righteousness and courage of the smaller man.
He had come back with a sassy reply, but Steve was right. He was nothing without the suit. Human. Mortal. Emotional. Dead from a simple car crash.
