‘One of them is me, Loki, and you are
. And his illusions can’t pick up objects.’
‘No, there’s no need thank you, FRIDAY. I doubt he will see it before my arrival in any case.’
‘Kid I’m all for giving people a second chance,’ Tony says, ‘but this is just a little too far. He’s still taking mercenary jobs, he’s still
‘It’s best you stay here where you’re more comfortable, you know that. Besides you’ve got your Mommy Spider and Weird Sister here, you’ll be absolutely fine. I promise.’
When Steve rejoins the group Wanda and Natasha are already challenging each other to races and taking bets on who was going to win. He notices Tony sitting a little apart with Bucky as the two of them tie their skates.
Tony’s mouth works opening and closing like a fish out of water for a couple of seconds, and if she wasn’t trying to hold back tears she’d find it funny. ‘I don’t know,’ he finally admits. ‘I don’t think I do fully, I’m still waiting for the thing I’m going to do that’s going to send him packing again. I just hope that he won’t.’
‘I hope you’d know the answer to that,’ Bucky answers quietly. ‘I care about you, Tony. Why would I not come and make sure you were alright?’
a tradition, Valkyrie.’
‘I’ll come too,’ Steve says.
’ Tony rubs his temples.
‘Oh wow that sounds awkward,’ Peter laughs. ‘Does that mean we’re going to try and get everyone together this year?’
‘You are in Wakanda now,’ T’Challa tells her. ‘Thanos will have nothing but dust and blood.’
‘Well he has saved Peter’s life in the past, and he did come and help when Hammer tried to take him at the school.’ Peter feels his breath catch at the inventor’s words.
‘You had the potential for magic right from birth, a witch just waiting to wake up,’ Agatha continues speaking, circling her like a vulture in her long black dress, ‘and then you were exposed to an infinity stone. You know, I wonder what would have happened to me if I’d had the same opportunity.’
(See the end of the chapter for
‘You mean the kid who wouldn’t shut up? He comes here regularly?’ Sam asks.
The room goes quiet.
of bad guys here by the way. So what- oh,’ Peter stops his rambling as Tony pulls him into a tight hug, ‘this is nice.’
accommodation block,’ Rhodes argues, pointing his fork accusingly.
‘What do you mean?’ Steve’s voice is barely loud enough to be heard.
Peter shakes his head. ‘No, I just-well Wanda wants to meet him and you know he’ll just panic if I pre-warn him, and then we’ll have to have a long debate over the mask so-’
‘I mean…it’d be great if you would, but I understand if not. I just- I wanted to offer.’
‘Woah! Hey kid no worries it’s all in a day’s-’
Peter gets in trouble with Bruce thanks to Wade, and gets some help when Flash corners him in the dining hall
‘Francis you mother fucker, I should have known you’d be here!’ Wade yells, heading after the man as he begins to back up towards an exit.
‘You have food at the end of basically every patrol. I’m surprised no one’s taken a picture and sent it to a paper yet.’
"We'll grab the chips for you." Steph patted Steve's arm good-naturedly. "You just get him to bed."
"Yeah.  Lemme talk to them, then we can go backstage and take a breather," Tony murmured  back.  He reached up to brush Steve's hair, his brow furrowed, fussing over Steve's appearance.
Tony didn't say anything. Steve figured he'd fill the silence. "I know you're mad and you have every right to be. And I regret what I did, honestly-- but I'm glad I wrote that report. Which you should still read," he added and then paused. "And I'm glad I got to know you," Steve murmured, tone sincere as ever as he moved to get a mug out of his cupboard.  It had an American flag on it with the word "PATRIOT" on it in an overly swirly script.  Natasha had gotten it for him.  She thought it was funny; Steve was raised to be practical and not wasteful, so he used it even though it was sort of silly.
Tony shift Steve in his arms and held up a hand, firing off a shot.  It glanced off the shield and hit the wall of the hangar they were in.
Steve didn't know why he was feeling it that particular morning.
Kerry grinned. "Oh my God. That'll be amazing. Won't it be amazing?"
"I'm your
After their week of business it was time to face the conference. Steve knew that Tony had bought collars (although be hadn't actually seen them yet) and he'd gotten a new suit with Aria while shopping in New York. They were taking the private plane again and it was a longer journey than usual. Steve was oddly excited yet nervous; it was a similar kind of buzz he'd get going into battle. Which felt oddly fitting.
Unofficially, however, plenty of agents called to tell him that they were on his side.  And it wasn't just omegas or random SHIELD agents who expressed their support. Agent Rumlow called him a month after the incident.
"Five... four..."
Tony let out a breathy gasp, fighting the urge to talk back or rush.  He let Steve tease him, running his lips and tongue over him, his fingers gripping the sheets.  When Steve finally pulled the waistband of his pants down he groaned, relaxing back onto the pillows, reaching down with one hand to touch Steve's hair.  Steve's tongue was velvety and warm; he was smiling, rolling his hips slightly, enjoying himself.  When Steve suddenly dipped down, Tony's breath caught; he looked down just in time to see his knot disappear into Steve's mouth.  "
They trailed after him like ducklings as they made their way back to the lobby.  Steve was having a hushed conversation with Banjo; Tony was still trying and failing to feel at all like he was helping.  He was used to people basking in his brilliance, but here, aside from being a natural Alpha, no one seemed to appreciate he was Tony goddamn Stark.  Even the staff kept glancing over at Steve in his uniform.
Piper nodded and they stepped over to the side. Steve pulled out his phone. "My friend sent me some stuff about your sister," he said quietly. "He thinks he found her...apparently she's a preschool teacher, and living with a beta man now." Piper looked confused. "I don't know how it happened, but if she was sold then...maybe she got out."
so...I should probably leave you to it," Steve whispered, tone playful. He hesitated and then didn't back off, Tony's touch and presence magnetic.
There’s silence for the longest time, and just as Tony is about to pull the phone from his ear and give up on the ancient piece of technology being able to connect, the ringing starts. He can feel his heart pounding, and just has long enough to be grateful for the fact there’s no longer any shrapnel in his chest when the ringing stops.
‘No way!’ Bucky roars when he sees the results. ‘No way!’
‘I suspected as much,’ she says. ‘I suspect he turns up a lot more than you let on.’
‘Wanda and Vision’ll be the main issue, especially if Wanda’s using her powers. We’re going to have to catch them by surprise to stand any chance.’
enjoy that little display.’
he hears his Uncle Ben’s voice from years ago as they walked along the street, avoiding the big supermarkets and heading to the smaller, independent shops.
‘Well he has a lot of experience with the Hand,’ Peter points out, ‘and they were getting bolder around the same time as HYDRA. Why not see if he’s heard anything from the Hand?’
‘Are you suggesting I’m getting old?’
to keep him safe. He’s been spending time with him on patrol, he knows about
you feel something is off. The moment he changes, even a
‘Steve-’ Tony’s finding it difficult to breathe, and not because of the metal casing embedded in his chest. There’s something almost like hope starting to press against his ribs.
‘I’m sorry,’ he looks like he means it. ‘You deserve better than me, Natasha, better than a man who turns into a monster, even Hulk agreed which is why he took us away after Sokovia. But every time I came back into my right mind I’d think of you, and I couldn’t stop-’
take you again,’ Loki’s voice is venomous, ‘and if they try, I shall bring the full might of Jotunheim down on them.’
Loki looks around, desperate for a way to save him, and sees the weapon laying on the ground an arm’s length away.
‘Deadpool? You know you offered me your number before?’
‘You were handling it fine,’ MJ waves him off. ‘Besides I’m sure you can handle Flash after the way you handled-’
do that to me again do you understand?’
‘What’s your name kid?’
‘Gee thanks guys,’ Steve rolls his eyes.
So let’s just think about this:
A/N: Hey everyone. Thank you so much for all the love for this story so far. I'm posting the second part of Christmas Eve now!
‘Buck just give me a straight answer.’
‘You didn’t need to kill him!’ Peter shouts, scrambling to his feet. ‘Karen was about to get Droney to stun him; I just needed a couple more seconds. You promised me you wouldn’t kill anyone!’
‘Baby Boy you kiss me like that again before you’re eighteen and I am going to do things to you that will
Wanda returns to the facility having escaped HYDRA
‘I think I might take a glass to Pete,’ Wade laughs. ‘Sam and Bucky might need one too. And Quill come to think of it.’
Tony's fingertips brushed Steve's cheek.  "Clothes off.  Lay down for me," he demanded.  Vaguely, in the back of his head, he remembered how Steve had joked they never fucked in the bed.  But there was no time for that.  He had to mate Steve, right here, right now.  If they went upstairs to the master bedroom, then Steve would have to kneel all over again and that would just take too much time.
"Nuh-uh, I'm awake," mumbled Tony against Steve's thigh, reaching between his legs and stroking the fabric longingly.  "Totally... totally awake." Tony sounded like he was sleep-talking. His head was fuzzy but Steve's thigh was warm against his face, even though the fabric of his sweatpants.  And his smell was so close. Tony tried to shift, clumsily, trying to nose between Steve's legs at his hard-on. "Omega," he begged.
In adulthood, the pattern was the same.  The people who cared were few and far between and most of them were paid to care.  Tony was fully aware that Pepper was on his payroll, and so was Happy, and their relationship was complicated by the fact that he was signing their checks.  Rhodes, similarly, was someone with whom he had a professional relationship; before Afghanistan he had been the military liaison to Stark Industries, and afterwards, when their weapon contract was canceled, Tony kept him at an arm's length, not wanting to talk about Afghanistan.  For years now, Tony had been living his life with the awareness that he could build and test suits to his heart's (arc's) content because no one would tell him no and no one cared enough to try to stop him.  Only Pepper occasionally protested, but she was easily dismissed.
"But all the bears follow him."
"Because it's true.  He thinks you're a pale substitute and he'd give you up in a heartbeat to live out some sick fantasy with me.  He doesn't love you, Donnie," said Steve firmly.  The words hurt to say.
"Yeah.  Yeah, he is.  And Boswell's a great Alpha.  You can meet him, too," said Rhodey enticingly.  "And if you want to you can call Steve or Tony and ask any questions--"
"I need water," he moaned.
be dead.  I can't feel him.  He's dead."
"Oh, yes.  Behind the ears.  It's how we tell who's what, and dominance hierarchies, and all that.  Ready for round 2, Captain? There's still quite a lot of serum in there."
Bucky stopped.  Bucky thought.
"It's okay," Steve whispered, soothing a hand down Tony's side as he kissed the corner of his mouth. He felt the spike of panic then felt it slowly subside. The game they were playing was over and now this was just about each other. Steve kissed his bottom lip and then sat up properly, rocking his hips down until Tony's knot squeezed inside. He moaned, eyes rolling back, at the stretch. Steve shuddered as he took a moment to adjust to it.
Steve let out a desperate and relieved sound as Tony pushed a third finger into him. He could take more, he knew could, but this was enough and when the other's middle fingers brushed that special spot inside of him it made him see stars and Steve gasped under him, eyes rolling back in bliss as he could feel himself growing close. Tony's mouth was sinful on his cock and he was beginning to understand now why Tony had been so appalled before at him not knowing what a blowjob felt like. Because it was fucking
"Doctor says my neck is better," said Steve.
" repeated Tony.
"Great, actually," he hummed and held his arm out straight. Natasha pushed the needle into his arm.
"Consider this a very important life lesson 'bout omegas," Steve murmured in Tony's ear bemusedly before he piled into the car seat behind Phil. Phil pulled his seat up to make room for Steve.
Thirsty is in all caps.
"He tried to kill you," Steve whispered. "He tried to kill you, didn't he?"
Right.
that's nice, they're not calling Steve Tony's omega--
"...must suck to be in the BDSM scene here," said Tony.
know Steve could sing?”
"You didn't," Steve said automatically even though Eillis obviously
"And I should do what
."  He stole a glance at Steve, then said, a bit more confidently, "Yeah.  Yeah, let's go out to eat. I want some bar food. And when we get back..."  He trailed off, giving Steve another devilish smile.
-" continued Tony obliviously.
Steve squirmed as Tony ducked down to mouth at his cock again. His thoughts going offline again. Even though he had had the serum, he couldn't get hard quite that quickly, not considering how many times he'd already come undone in the past few days.
"You know what I mean," Steve said impatiently. "I'm not talking about tonight."
Soon he drifted off, feeling safe in Tony's arms. Though, despite all the blankets over them, he still felt cold.
Steve felt a shiver run down his spine as they stepped off of the jet to see a small nondescript building outside that didn't look any bigger than a house. Obviously, most of its interior was built underground.
"Why the hell did they send an Alpha psychologist?" wondered one of the agents, rubbing a bruise on his cheek caused by Tony's elbow.
"Yeah. But it was nothing serious," Steve told him and the kid went back to munching on his breakfast.
"I would love to fix it. I would. I just--" he gasped softly as a spasm racked through out him and he gripped Bucky's good shoulder tightly. "Fuck. It's so hard to...to think coherently right now.  But we can't let them win.  We can't let HYDRA win... we're better than they are.  Buck. You gotta put some distance between us or I'm gonna do something stupid."
Tony groaned, caressing Steve's hair, feeling his balls tighten as he got close.  "Steve... gonna cum... gonna cum for you..." he murmured, nearly purring, arching his back.  Steve was bobbing on his length and Tony would have been happy to lay there and be serviced for longer, but the sex was secondary to the intimacy for once in his life; the arousing part of having Steve suck him off was knowing this was knowing that Steve was a submissive omega, at least in the bedroom, wanting to please his Alpha.  Here, at least, he wasn't the Captain; he was someone else that only Tony got to see, and Tony loved that.
Tony felt a smile tug at his lips; when Steve got turned on,
Tony eyeballed the suitcases as Happy slammed the trunk shut.  He was so, so curious why he wasn't allowed to peek. He expected no presents; Tony already had everything, so he was intrigued.
, Steve thought,
"I'm not at liberty to discuss it, but yeah, it's huge.  It'll blow your socks off," said Tony. "All the flower proceeds are going towards our project."
"Tony!  You
"...we do," said the waiter.
One was following Jarvis as a child, watching him clipping the flowerless stem from an orchid in his father's study.  He'd been curious as to why his father, who was not bonded, would have an orchid and had assumed it was simply because it was pretty.  The second was a memory of a vase with a half-dozen white tulips sitting on a small round dining table in the middle of an unfamiliar room.
Tony made JARVIS pull up the suit diagnostics and monitored the energy use languidly.  The new reactor was monstrously efficient.  The old palladium-core ones had often needed swapped out after only a couple of hours in the suit.  After an hour of tearing across the surface of the ocean, the suit showed zero signs of slowing and the reactor showed zero signs of having been used up at all.  Tony felt a smug sense of satisfaction.  He was going to totally raise the bar at SHIELD; Steve was going to be so proud of him.  Other than the psych eval, he was going to have no trouble at all passing any of test they threw at him.
Before Steve could reply to Tony's heartfelt declaration of commitment, there was a knock on the door, and Dr. Gleason and Sam walked in.
. And then their driver had taken him away and he'd ended up with Chantelle and Tom. Donner never saw Gideon after that... they hadn't even said proper goodbyes.
"How can you tell which flamingo it is?" asked the Happy defensively.
Tony couldn't imagine seeing Steve in battle but he was sure it would be fine.  Maybe.  Probably.  He didn't mind seeing Steve hurting someone else, at least.  So he was halfway there.  And once he saw Steve kick ass in his field test (Tony was sure Steve would kick ass), he would be reassured that Steve could handle himself.
His eyes snapped open.  He could still smell an omega.  But not the one from the dream.
Steve woke with a start, rubbing a hand over his face. It was 6 am as per usual; Tony was sleeping heavily beside him. He sighed softly. He didn't think he needed to leave a note this time; he slipped out of bed without waking Tony. The sun hadn't quite risen yet and there was a soft, grey light filling up the glassy-walled house as Steve headed down the curved steps towards the gym.
Steve practically flinched when Tony started clapping... but... but he'd meant what he'd said. Didn't Tony get that? Had Steve not sounded sincere enough?
"No. I'm done with this. I am
"...Возвращение на Родину. Один..."
Tony shook his head.
"Yes, sir.  A drizzle," said JARVIS.
"Why am I even arguing with a confused little breeder?" asked Gideon, sounding amused.  "Stupid Alphas like the Starks and bleeding-heart betas like Fury put all these ideas in your head... I shouldn't expect you to understand.  Take Donner back to the Triumph so that he can carry on with his little life and find a nice Alpha to take care of him."
"...help me tie this bowtie."
"I'm not worth that much," said Donner quietly.  "I've already been bonded."
Steve rolled his eyes. "You're terrible," he said fondly, not really meaning it. He took a moment to watch Tony and to focus on the feeling of his arm around his waist, the engineer's hand squeezing at him in a silent sort of command. He shivered involuntarily but didn't move just yet, as if he was holding his ground as he held Tony's gaze too. There was a glint in his blue eyes of a mischievous kind.
"Is that with a y or an ie?  Too late, I'm writing it like this..."
"More!" he insisted.
Steve's jaw tightened a little.  He made himself say the words.  His voice was steady.  "I miscarried."
Steve grunted softly as Tony pulled out of him, his thighs shiny with slick and want. He let out a frustrated sound but he also didn't want to get pregnant, or have another scare. That was hardly fun. He would have usually refused being bossed around like that but this was sex and Tony was undeniably in charge. With a soft huff he got up and walked back down to the pool side, conscious of Tony's eyes on him as he walked to the door.
Was this normal?  He had no reference point, no way of knowing.  No one had ever sat him down and explained these particular facts of life.
Steve chuckled and made his way up the spiral staircase and down the hall to Tony's (their) bedroom.  It felt more like home to him than his new, 21st-century apartment in Westwood did; maybe because this was the first place where he had felt like he actually had someone in the 21st century.  More than a co-worker or fellow soldier or sparring partner or ally.  Tony was more than that.
"N-no..." Steve stuttered, trying to shake his head for effect. "Never."
Tony wriggled his hips, seeking more, wanting to knot him, wanting that more than anything; he felt Steve's body stretching, protesting, tense, taut--
"I advise against it."
"But I didn't come here to relive that.  Pine Hills closed its doors in '94 and good riddance.  I'm here to talk about the future with you, Steve. Status Alliance wants you to join us and we'd, in turn, like to join you.  We think your charity is a great step, but we think your voice is going to benefit omegas even more. You represent something we'd wish more people would see.  A strong, independent omega who makes his own decisions and contributes to a society who respects him." He frowned a little and glanced toward the kitchen, where Tony had disappeared to.
. "And then green one? Damn. I liked that one." He almost pouted. "You owe me a new top," he decided before moving to lie down in his own bed. Next to Tony Stark.
"Can we spend the next week in bed?" he asked Tony in a murmur, glancing over at him.
"It's okay Steve," he put a hand on his shoulder and squeezed. "Why don't I get you a cup of tea, yeah? Something warm will make you feel better."
"Yeah, I just feel... weird."
Steve emerged from the bedroom about an hour later, in pants (thankfully) and a hoodie. He went to get coffee and then sat on the sofa, legs crossed and cup in his lap. He was struggling to even meet Aria's gaze though she didn't look mad at him. Just worried.
He relieved that Gleason said it was normal though. He hated the thought of lasting damage.
Tony considered a piece of meat on the end of his chopsticks.  "...they're only going to get more vicious.  They always do," he said gravely.  "
Not pit crew.  Not anyone Tony had ever seen.  Tall and lean and tanned, Tony realized in an instant, with horror, that the man was wearing an external mech suit.  The arc reactor on his chest was real, as real as the one embedded in Tony's skin, and he wasn't holding cables; the cables were attached to him, attached to the elaborate system of hydraulics surrounding his arms, electrified, powered by that reactor, impossibly heavy and yet flung around easily because of the powered exoskeleton wrapped around his arms and shoulders and chest.
"Yeah, still locked on.  Why?"
The soldier was silent but attentive.  He'd heard similar speeches before. Karpov was a very idealistic man.  The lowest he'd ever seen him was after the second Winter Soldier program failed.  He had gotten Karpov out alive and they'd managed to tranq and store the feral recruits, but Karpov had moped for a long time.  The soldier had sympathized but also been glad he wasn't being replaced.
But now wasn't the time or the place.
He looked at Steve longingly, an almost-smile on his face.
Oh, boy.
"...a filter?" asked Tony, looking around the room for guidance.
"Ready, Captain Rogers?" asked the female, holding up a syringe.  Tony cringed.  He hated doctors and he hated needles.  A bead of liquid appeared at the tip and slid down, glinting ominously in the light.  It contrasted weirdly with the blonde doctor, who was humming a little and reached out to wipe Steve's arm off with an iodine swab, looking like this was a normal day at the beach.  For her, it probably was.
, James.
"Because I need you to not smell Steve for a few minutes so I can figure out what the hell is going on here."  Pepper looked over at Sam. "Do you need any?"
within the expiration date. He couldn't deal with living off take-away every day, or the strange, exotic foods Tony seemed to like so much.
"My PA clothes fit," Steve pointed out with a smile, reaching up to run a hand through Tony's hair. "They're a little posh for me, though. I prefer jeans over dress pants- they're a revelation. And much easier to get around in."
." Steve huffed out a fond sigh and gently pushed Tony's hand down and off of his abdomen. "If you shower, then sleep, then
you?  I thought he was just flirty."
Rhodes, like Steve, was a military man.  He listened attentively to all the information he was given, nodding and asking questions when he needed to without interrupting the stream of advice being hurled at him.  It was a welcome reprieve from Tony's style of not-listening that Steve had gotten used to over the last year. He and Rhodey actually had a surprising amount in common; Rhodey had a good sense of humor but he was also someone with a low tolerance for bullshit.  He and Tony being friends was both immediately obvious and also a complete mystery; they could have easily hated each other.
," growled Pepper.
He huffed, taking a moment to regain his composure.
He let the medic re-dress the wound, keeping his legs pressed together except when absolutely necessary.  The rest of the flight was made in silence.
"There are some things I'd rather not speak about over the phone," said Fury, deadpan.
Peggy's eyes softened; she reached out and cupped Tony's cheek.  "I was never angry at you for not calling, Tony. I was worried."
"No," lied Clint, who hastily swallowed a mouthful of cookie.  "Well... Steve wanted to me to talk to you about... family planning."
"So...anyone I need to call? Set dates with?" Aria asked as she stepped into the living room.  Three pair of omega eyes turned to her (plus Happy's).  The men fell quiet as she approached. She didn't feel remotely intimidated by it as she sat down, pulling out a planner and a pen, ready to take down notes. They had had enough time alone and Aria was trying to keep a tight hold on Steve's schedule.  Besides, Aria felt just as comfortable around omegas as she would betas. After living with two her whole life she felt like she understood them just about as well as someone who wasn't an omega possibly could do. She offered Steve a small smile.
shut him up.
. Jesus. Captain America didn't beg to anyone. Steve could feel himself heating up. He wanted to take off his waistcoat. He wanted to take off goddamn everything. Shit. It had been too long since he'd experienced this. "If you just keep me locked in my own cabin then it'll be fine," Steve said. "I've dealt with worse."
"...oh, man," breathed Tony quietly, slowly moving the toy in and out.  It came out wet; Steve whimpered above him. "Hold on, baby... hold on, I'll get you your knot soon..."  He didn't want to just shove it in. Besides, it was so much fun to watch Steve squirm.
"A flight?" he echoed and it took him a moment to process that that meant in the suit and not in a plane. It made sense. Tony had been working almost non-stop. "And it went okay?" he asked, and leaned against one of the benches, cheeks still a little pink from his sprint back (and that had been a
Yes, that was likely it.  The soldier was not really used to having chit-chats.  He mostly just agreed while Karpov monologued. But he felt like he needed to say more than merely "yes, sir" to this poor omega, who was hurting so bad that it was actually making
, Tony!"  Pepper grabbed a handkerchief from the pocket of one of the stage hands and pressed it to his mouth.  Tony didn't even remember Hammer biting him, but his lip was bleeding freely.
Tony propped his head up on a fist and his elbow on the table, looking amused.  "Honestly, not so great, pretty sure I'm about to be murdered."
"I'm still attempting to decrypt their files, sir."
that explains all this crap but I've never seen it."
want to have that conversation.  So you're a homo?"
him."
"I'm not on drugs!"
"--Fury is the one who helped me set this up," said Clint, gesturing vaguely.  "I wanted to keep it off the record. Records can be hacked."
"...are
"Stern."
"Since
The sweat from before wasn't helping. It made Steve's shirt stick to his skin and now the dampness was making him even colder.
Nate squirmed and complained the whole way up the stairs.  One of the medical team as waiting for them with a stretcher; the front hall was already in chaos.  The administration was huddled in groups, some talking to police; there were kids scattered around in uniforms, some excited and bright-eyed, others looking petrified.  A long of heads turned when Steve strode through with Nate in his arms.
"Wouldn't you rather be with your wi--"
The problem was the crowds of people, including media and police.  Tony hadn't even left Corona Park before he was stopped by several members of a SWAT team.
"Well, you're certainly affectionate, aren't you?" said Pepper, watching him with a frown.
"...woo boy.  Yeah, it's possible.  It'll piss a lot of people off.  But it's possible," said Tony, watching the landscapers drag in more orchids.  "The press will eat you alive.  But, yeah, we can do it.  You can do anything if you have enough money."
Steve almost fell asleep himself on the drive himself, his breathing soon falling into sync with Tony's. Happy switched the radio over to music and the drive was almost peaceful. Aria and Pepper were basking in the afterglow of their success, and Beth just looked grateful for some quiet.
Well, fuck.
Dr. Gleason looked at Tony like he wasn't sure whether he was kidding or not.  "...no.  No, one cannot impregnate himself."
Tony watched the credits roll.  This was the first time he appreciated that
"...did you get it?"
But it seemed like the only thing DeSoto was interested in, other than obeying Alpha orders, was Trickshot's fate, and if Tony could use that, great.  "We're gonna try to find him. ...we can find him, right, Steve? Would that make you happy, DeSoto? If we found Trickshot and made sure he ended up somewhere better?  Maybe we could even call Ron and let him tell you where he is."
"Steve! Drop the grape stalks!" Aria called out. Steve did so immediately, looking sheepish.
Pepper, in contrast, had pulled the other baby out of its sling and was cuddling it happily.  Tony felt thoroughly uncomfortable watching his assistant go from a composed businesswoman to this giggly, baby-craze mess.
"What's her real name?" repeated Tony, tone icy.
"Oh my God," Aria groaned. "I don't want to see this. Please say we can just leave them here."
The worst part was feeling the disappointment and loss and sadness roll off of Steve.  Tony wanted his mind to shut up, for once, but snapshots snuck in.  Images of Steve chasing around a toddler, playing with them, tucking them into bed.  Steve would probably be a great parent, just like he was a great everything.  But in Tony's imagination, there was no place for him.  At best, he was on the sidelines, in the shadows, nursing a glass of whiskey, just like his own father had.  Tony didn't know how to play catch or treat a scraped knee or make a kid eat their vegetables.  Fuck, he could barely care for himself.  He and Steve had dodged a bullet.  And Tony was left with a sense of... not being good enough, not being a good Alpha, which was only compounded by the fact that Steve thought Bucky was still alive and that Bucky was somehow unaged, unmarred... still in the prime of his life, his twenties...
Several people laughed.
"Nice outfit," said Happy, eyeing him.
"That explains why your socks match."
?" demanded Pepper.
If Steve had known Bucky were alive, he would have reconsidered bonding Tony.  He would have made a more mindful decision.
Pepper looked up.  "You're joking."
Steve slipped his hand into Tony's and Tony clung to him.  He wasn't laughing at all anymore. He wanted to shove Steve down and lie on top of him, protect him from this other Alpha, re-establish his claim.  He didn't know what the fuck Frond had just done but whatever it was had been effective. She wasn't just a pop psychologist. She was a truly dangerous woman.
Tony's face split into a grin.  "...you're freaked out!" he exclaimed. "This movie is scaring you, isn't it?"
like shit?" repeated Tony, looking shocked.  (He hadn't yet put on his face plate.)
Who knew if the guy was even still in his right mind, at his age?
"Yeah... well... s'ok," said Tony.  It wasn't okay but he felt so completely out of his element right now.  If a crush on Pepper (a crush Steve already knew about!) could set him off, then anything could, really.  Steve was... unstable. And Tony didn't want to say the wrong thing and have Steve running off to Bucky again.  The mere thought of the other Alpha chilled Tony to the bone. Steve had run off with him. A day after trying to mate (and failing), a day after promising him he wouldn't leave, Steve had left.  He'd gone to Bucky.
"STEVE! Oh my God!"
there
.  Everyone know he's an old-fashioned statusist.  I just want you to know, Steve, that you have friends.  And that most of the people who have
"It might be helpful.  What about freight car?  Do you think they moved him by train?" suggested Clint.
"Fine, can he check--"
Steve frowned as Tony pulled out of him and made him wince. It hurt. His entrance was sore and Tony pulling out of him made him squirm uncomfortably.
She sat up a little and moved her hands.  At first he thought she was playing with a piece of string; her fingers grew stiff and made motions like they were hooked and stretching.  But there was no string. It was an invisible game of Cat's Cradle. He stared, finding the motion hypnotic.
Ian picked at his salad with a loud sigh. "You guys wanna get lunch somewhere? Unless I eat some wheat-heavy product soon I think I'm gonna faint."
for Yemeni education... let's keep this party going, people!"
What he wouldn't give to hold Steve again, kiss him, bite him... they'd been so close to mating and he felt thoroughly annoyed that another Alpha had shown up and stolen Steve away.  He'd tried his hardest to protect Steve, to cover him, but it hadn't mattered. He'd failed his objective, which was protecting Steve, and in turn forfeited his reward, which would have been mating Steve.  At least, he was pretty sure that's what Steve had implied. He wasn't 100% on that but he assumed Steve would have given him the go-ahead or at least let him know if he wasn't allowed.
Yes, Tony was definitely in a nightmare.  Christine was out for blood and he was watching Justin touch his omega, his hand gripping Steve's, his fingers lacing through Steve's, their skin brushing--
Tony practically flung himself into the car.  "We gotta find Steve, we gotta find him, we gotta--" Tony was babbling.
“Blue tie’s in the medium brown bag,” he told Tony.  He knew where he’d packed everything off the top of his head because, yes, Steve was a damn good PA.  Just because he was undercover didn’t mean he wasn’t taking his job seriously.  “Happy is waiting for us downstairs.  There’s sandwiches and sushi in the car, if you want them.”  Steve had noted that Tony hadn’t touched his breakfast.  Tony’s weird range of tastes in food was something that Steve would never get used to.  “Anything else I can get you, Mr. Stark?”
No suit; he was useless; he was hopelessly overpowered.  And now he was in pain.  Was he supposed to be feeling pain?  He'd assumed he was dead.  But no, he was definitely in pain.
"Warm?" Steve echoed, voice soft. He sounded confused. He splayed his hand out over the arc reactor, still trembling. "I don't..."
"I went to Cornell for undergraduate, graduated third in my class, went to Johns Hopkins for med school, where I graduated second in a class of six hundred and four, with a double specialty in omegology and neuroscience.  I was one of two omegas in the entire class.  I've been practicing medicine for twenty-eight years.  I've owned my own practice for the last fourteen years.  I'm a Quiligan Scholar, as well as a recipient of the AMA Scientific Achievement Award and the Laskar Award.  I've hosted two lectures at the Royal Academy in London and I've worked alongside Dr. Sacks and Dr. Strange."
"So...you and Mackenzie seem to be getting on well," he prompted with a sly grin.
"Shall we go over the non-disclosure agreements again?"
Steve offered the kids a small wave, his heart aching in his chest, and then he headed down the stairs to the basement.
when he had that asshole for a mate?
"Oh, you wanna talk about insecurities?  I'm not allowed to look at women, I'm not allowed to put my arm around them, talk to them, nothing.  You've got jealousy issues, Steve. I've never been unfaithful to you, but I
"JARVIS... tell me again what happened to Barnes."
Inside was a laboratory.  Two men in labcoats looked up and the older one smiled, reaching out to shake everyone's hand.
" he shouted again, impatient.
The asset stared at him, face completely blank.
His breath hitched as Tony asked the very question and his touch became a little more firm. Steve swallowed thickly because, fuck, Tony was right. He was getting aroused and he maybe was responding a little
"Are you sure?" he asked, not wanting to overreact just yet.  But his question was answered a split second later to a cheer from the crowd across the room, a cheer that could only mean one thing.
Tony looked up at a broken shard of mirror.  Behind him, the man was approaching, an angel of death, all sparks and shocks, twisted snakes for hands.
"So ask for a transfer."
With a bashful duck of his head he accepted the microphone, their fingers brushing briefly. The touch was electric. "Er, hi- wow, okay. That's loud." Steve lowered his voice a touch. "They didn't make them like this in my day." The crowd laughed. "I don't think I really have anything to say that Tony already hasn't. But...I just wanna say this."
Pepper began punching in numbers.  1917, 1918, 1943, 2011... nothing. She tried his birthdate and their anniversary, 0704 and 0601.  Still, nothing. "Tony, we need the code! Now!"
"I wouldn't recommend it if it wasn't."
A/N: Hi everyone. Hope you enjoyed this chapter, I found it tricky to get the right mood for it so I hope it works. I'm so sorry I haven't responded to all the comments yet, I will be doing it this weekend.
Peter has to admit this is possibly not his smartest move on a patrol to date. But then he couldn’t exactly be expected to pass by the police having a stand-off with a shooter and
‘I get that,’ Bucky nods, ‘but what about when you come across someone who
‘Alright, coming through people!’ Bucky moves in front and turns himself into a very effective human battering ram, parting the crowd of reporters.
‘Oh you are a good boy, Tony,’ she says to him as her son leads up her up the steps and into the facility.
‘Oh god, I’m so sorry,’ he starts babbling, ‘I didn’t mean to give away EDITH I just didn’t know what to do and I was feeling-’
‘Are you sitting on the roof in
‘Look how about I try and organise a couple of hog roasts or something?’ Tony suggests, then proceeds to explain to Thor exactly what that would entail.
‘Enough to kick your ass,’ Peter grins, slipping into a fighting stance that is so very Natasha-like that Bucky can’t help an answering grin.
‘I think, even if he isn’t happy with whoever your partner is,’ Sam says carefully, ‘he’s not going to risk losing any relationship with you. So even if he isn’t happy he’ll at least give them a chance.’
‘Bye, bye, Wade. I’d love to stay and chat but I really feel like this meeting has
‘What’s going on?’ she hisses at him as they wait just down a corridor, out of site of the bar but close enough that Peter can still hear what’s going on with his enhanced hearing.
His phone buzzes with a message from Wanda.
‘She’ll get Nat. You get Nat to stay with you if you need it alright? No arguments, mister, I’ll have FRIDAY keeping an eye on you and she’ll tell me the moment you aren’t doing as we agreed.’
for most of this facility including the medical care, I think I can,’ when Steve enters her arms are crossed over her chest and there’s a frown on her face.
’ Peter protests. ‘Come on you know one more mission isn’t going to affect my grades, Steve-’
There’s a chorus of laughter as Steve scowls at his friend. ‘And just for that comment, Bucky, you can sit out on the side lines and watch during the demonstration.’
‘Tony! Don’t you dare,’ Steve cuts across him, causing both Tony and Bucky to burst out laughing. ‘I don’t need you putting ideas into everyone’s heads thank you very much.’
‘I’m fine, Pete,’ the inventor replies.
‘What if
‘And that,’ Tony says as they return to the common area, ‘concludes the tour of your new home, Sergeant Barnes.’
‘It’s Tony,’ the inventor replies as he leaves with a smile and a wave.
‘Wait,
‘I think I already said this three times now.’
(See the end of the chapter for
She’s too busy trying to stay ahead of Hulk, though, to answer him, as she steers him back towards the demolished obstacle course. ‘You’re too slow!’ she teases him.
The other two share a look. ‘You can’t be suggesting we break from the Council? After what happened with the Accords-’
in your stomach!’
‘You really need to stop teaching this kid,’ Clint tells Natasha.
Steve reacts fastest, darting forwards and grabbing hold of the alien’s spear, trying to wrestle it from his hold. ‘Get him out of here!’
‘I know,’ he hangs his head, frowning, ‘I
‘Well I better get back to Elsa before he and Rhodes plot my downfall. Introducing those two was the biggest mistake of my life, and it’ll only get worse when Pepper comes round,’ he says, standing quickly before he makes an idiot of himself.
‘Busy at the very least,’ Peter says, leaning back on his hands to look up at the darkening sky. ‘And I’ve got quite a bit of work to do when I get back. You still on for patrol tomorrow?’
‘Kind of busy, Tony.’
‘I told you,’ Loki responds, placing a hand on the taller man’s shoulder, ‘that the sun will shine on us again, Thor.’
And if Sam really wants to punish himself he’ll train with Natasha, and wonder how he’s still able to find muscles he never knew existed to hurt after every single session. He’s pretty sure even his
‘Shouldn’t be too hard,’ there’s a ghost of a smile on her face as she replies.
‘Oh my gosh, you’re Tony Stark, right?’ an overly excitable voice pierces his thoughts. ‘Can I, like, get your autograph? Please?’
(See the end of the chapter for
‘When can we go in?’ Natasha asks.
Tony turns to one of the prison guards working with them. ‘I want a list of all of the prisoners and their confirmed states as soon as you have it.’
‘Wait what? Really?’ Steve goes from looking fairly comfortable to terrified in the space of a few seconds.
‘Alright, forgiven.’
‘Bruce, right?’
Brock smirks at the two of them and Steve barely restrains himself from punching the bastard. ‘We have a summons and this time, it seems, you two are requested to be there.’
‘Right, yeah… sure thing, Tony,’ Peter sounds a little dazed as he leaves the room.
The team face Thanos and desperately try to protect Vision from him. Peter faces a race against time to save Tony.
‘How often could you sneak away from Thor to spend time with your mother?’ Wanda asks with a grin.
‘There’s been a lot to process for all of us,’ Steve cuts in before another argument can start, ‘and we should wait for Clint and Scott to arrive before we try making too many plans for dealing with Thanos. Not to mention Loki is still recovering and T’Challa and Okoye have only just arrived. We should leave things here for tonight, take some time to process, and then meet tomorrow better prepared to tackle everything.’
As always please do let me know what you think, I especially want to know what you think about Kamar-Taj and Jotunheim being involved and how that's working.
Natasha bursts out laughing, finally catching the attention of the two soldiers on the mat.
‘Err.. thanks?’
‘Any chance it was something he gave himself? Tried to give himself your mutation after you’d left?’ Bucky suggests.
‘How you holding up?’ Sam asks. ‘Both of you?’
‘No?’
Peter sighs mock-dramatically. ‘Damn it you figured out my evil plan.’
is to wrap his own body around you, I think he can keep you safe when you’re fighting the bad guys together. Anyone who’s willing to protect you with their own life is good in my book.’
‘Even I know what Christmas is, brother,’ Loki rolls his eyes, ‘how have you been able to avoid knowledge of it?’
‘Daredevil’s keeping the exit clear for you,’ Deadpool says. ‘I’ll come give you a hand inside.’ And with that the mercenary disappears into the tunnels, occasional shouts of: ‘Take that mother-fucker’ and ‘Bad Deadpool!’ followed by ‘Good Deadpool’ float back to them.
Bucky returns to the US and the team start the healing process. Tony takes on the council again and finds himself defending the man who killed his parents.
‘You don’t even know what it is yet,’ he points out with a laugh.
‘It is,’ Peter says, ‘that’s how we’ve reached an agreement. Venom and me. We’re trusting each other to get through this. And then…then we’ll work it out.’
His voice finishes so small and insecure that Tony doesn’t even think before responding. ‘Of course, we’ll go tomorrow.’
‘Yes. He’s just coming now, he wanted to get a spare arc reactor for Tony just in case.’
He also tries to ignore the chill that settles around him now he no longer has a super soldier wrapped around him.
‘What is Capture the Flag?’ Mantis asks.
‘Will also be useful with you being so far away. If it starts going sideways here, at least I can let you know quicker than anyone else.’
‘As combat leader yes,’ Nick nods, ‘you all follow him in the field as it is, he has proven track record, and is one of the best tacticians on the planet.’
‘Thor you’re already looking rounder and rounder each day. Soon we shall be calling you fat!’ Loki snaps.
Tony and Steve share a look. ‘Wanda,’ Peter’s voice is soft, ‘Vision isn’t here. He’s in Wakanda waiting for Shuri to work on him after we faced Thanos.’
Loki turns away back to the window, trying to bite back the words he wants to hurl out to protect himself. Gritting his teeth he merely says, ‘Don’t pretend with me, Stark.’
‘Captain Rogers you’re out.’
‘You will not stop me from claiming the prize my master seeks,’ the alien hisses at him. It raises its spear and Tony reaches up to stop it mid-strike, the suit struggling against the alien’s strength.
‘Ok I want to know whatever it was that one of them said to make Loki turn bright red,’ Clint laughs.
‘Pete….can’t breathe,’ Harry’s voice is strangled.
None of the officers had told him about the other two gunmen though. So currently his spidey-senses are having the workout of their life as he dodges bullets. Thankfully the officers are actually trying to help rather than leaving him to it.
‘-and had more than enough alcohol
‘But…it’s just
Natasha looks at him in shock. ‘Isn’t this the gun that Sharon was talking about?’
‘So tell me this,
He looks at Steve out of the corner of his eye and realises exactly why the soldier chose this one for today.
‘Buck, what other options?’ Steve asks again.
‘Hey stop,’ Tony cuts him off. ‘I’m glad you did, Steve. If you hadn’t told me what had happened with Bucky I wouldn’t have been able to help, and I wouldn’t have found out that there’s someone in my company trying to sabotage my attempts to branch out from weapons.’
‘Good. Get out, you drive and follow her,’ he points to Natasha, ‘and get everyone back to safety. You pull any funny business? She’ll put a bullet in your head no questions asked. Understood?’
Wade cuts off Francis’ sentence by disarming him and holding one of his swords against his neck. ‘Finish that sentence, Francis. I
‘I think you want to listen to my proposition first,’ Hammer says, grabbing Peter’s elbow. ‘And didn’t your parents teach you it’s rude to be on your phone while talking to someone?’
‘Nat can you call Clint and Scott? I’ve got another phone call I need to make.’
‘Shit,’ Bucky curses, swinging his gun backwards and forwards. Scott has managed to make himself small and Steve’s hoping none of their enemies have picked up on it yet.
Peter’s jaw has fallen open, his eyes impossibly wide and he looks between Bucky and Tony. ‘How did you know about that?’
Tony at least has the decency to look sheepish. ‘Yeah, he and Rhodes may have been there when I listened to one of your reports. Sorry, kid.’
‘Oh, but Wade,’ Francis reappears further ahead, ‘I think you’ll have so much more fun fighting someone you love rather than hate.’
‘You’re disqualified,’ Peter tells him.
‘Later, Baby Boy,’ his voice is quiet and soothing, but it does nothing to erase the fact that his suit is torn in far too many places to be comfortable. Or repair the hole in the middle of his stomach that is matched on the front and the back.
‘You could relate to that with Vision,’ he finishes for her as she chokes off. ‘Despite being surrounded by people you consider family, there’s still a hole where that person once was that nothing can fill at the moment.’
‘Is that oaf
‘How are you so good at this?’ Bucky demands. ‘Don’t tell me ice skating is one of your superpowers.’
spending time with me!’
What he sees is nothing he could have imagined in his wildest dreams. It’s a calmly lit room, and the soundproofing is obviously the best Tony has at his disposal as everything becomes muted. At the back of the room he sees a familiar young male’s face looking back at him, the picture taken when they’d known him, probably from some of the security footage taken at the time.
‘Aww I like it!’ Tony laughs. ‘That’s almost better than Elsa.’
‘Sure thing Peter,’ she says.
Fury visibly softens. ‘No Parker I’m not. I imagine they would have been in danger regardless because that’s the kind of guy Beck turned out to be. I’m sorry I didn’t take more steps to make sure they were protected and it got this far.’ Peter just nods, sitting in one of the chairs and leaning onto the table, staring at the top as the conversation continues around him.
‘You came back early, I know because I was looking back through the security footage and found some that had been deleted and re-recorded. Didn’t take too long to get the old footage back. You’re slacking in your old age, Clint,’ Peter teases him.
‘You don’t have a teenager who can climb walls and go up the ladder yourself,’ Tony replies.
‘I’ve heard the doors FRIDAY,’ he cuts her off. ‘Don’t let them in. I don’t care who it is. If it’s the kid tell him to come back after dinner.’
Tony ignores everyone else in the room and comes to kneel next to him. ‘I’m taking you to medical.’
up Steve!’ Tony screams, flinging the message onto a screen as his suit forms around him. ‘Hammer’s going for Peter. Get the team, get to Peter’s school. I’ll meet you there.’
‘Aww, Natasha said something nice about me!’ Tony’s voice comes through from where he’s sat back at the Wakandan Embassy in Vienna.
‘I need you to send out a standby for Code Ripley to everyone. Then ask Happy to go pick up Peter from school and take him up to the facility. Got that?’
‘But he didn’t do anything,’ Peter protests, ‘I just forgot to eat extra when I was in the lab. I just need to remember everything I do when I’m not
Peter, Ned and Betty laugh. ‘This is her being fairly normal,’ Peter tells his friend.
‘Sam, no!’ he hears Nat’s shout as two hands push into his shoulders and he’s falling.
of the time.’
‘You always used that excuse, and it’s not going to start working now, young man.’
‘Alright let’s move it people,’ Natasha says.
Steve just nods. ‘When did you work it out?’
‘Something’s not right,’ he tells him. MJ raises an eyebrow as if he’s gone insane.
‘Gee, thanks,’ he rolls his eyes. ‘Anyone heard from Strange?’
‘Yeah and FRIDAY will put it straight through no matter where you are. Relax,’ Bucky throws some of the popcorn they’ve made intending to watch trash until they got the call from the two lovebirds.
‘No I’ve just seen the looks Bucky’s been giving you. Plus I know how much this team cares about Peter.’
‘Clint,’ Natasha sighs, bending down to check on him where he’s rubbing the spot on his head that connected with the boiler. ‘I guess he didn’t get the memo this morning.’
Peter sits at the table, listening to the sounds of Natasha moving around the kitchen, Steve’s offered to help and is taking orders pretty well considering he’s more used to giving them.
‘I partly agree with you,’ the thunder god soothes the warrior, ‘but it
‘Ok, drinking contest rules!’ Valkyrie’s shout gets everyone’s attention and they head towards the contest arena. Which has now migrated from the original table and is now their main seating area. ‘Everyone has a chosen drink, we all fill the same sized glasses and drink at the same time. You keep going until either you’re sick or you pass out.’
‘Let’s do it up ourselves,’ Steve answers. ‘Make it a proper family home.’
‘Come on, Tony,’ Steve stands up, pulling Tony to his feet, ‘I need to get you fit enough to fight, because this,’ he holds up the inventor’s hands, ‘is not going to be the last bits of Peter, alright? We are going to get you clean, you are going to rest up and then we are going to get what’s left of this team together and we are going to go hunt down this son of a bitch and we are going to get
‘You got any plans yet, Pete?’ Steve asks, as he works to stabilise the platform.
tired
‘Oh am I late?’ Vision asks, phasing through the wall next to Tony.
‘How did we end up with both freaky mind control powers on the same team?’ Tony asks.
‘Well?’ Sam asks, throwing a black sweater towards her, which she soon realises has a red spider wearing reindeer antlers knitted across the front.
‘If you say anything resembling the word “proper” I swear I’ll kick your arse from here to Brooklyn and back again.’
‘I love you too, Steve,’ Tony says, pulling away to look at him, his brown eyes sparkling. ‘We should probably keep this on the down low until the new year right?’
Man this would be so much easier if I could actually move an arm. Wonder if I could just move enough to rip one off, let it regrow and then use it get the rest of me out?
Natasha leans over so her head is between theirs. ‘Are you two lovebirds going to pay attention?’
‘Need a hand, Captain?’ Steve says, sending lightning from Mjolnir to join her power. Tony stands next to him, charging his chest reactor to add to the power. It’s too much for the Titan to fight off, and he goes soaring backwards to land in a crumpled heap at the foot of a wall.
Peter isn’t sure how to properly thank his mentor, then he catches Bucky’s eye and knows exactly how to do it. He throws his arms around the inventor. ‘Thanks Tony,’ he says, then lets Ned drag him away to properly study the gauntlet.
‘Right, yeah,’ the Ant-Man says, scrambling away from the bed as Steve makes his way over, trying to keep the trembling in his hands from being noticeable.
‘He’ll be fine,’ Tony says, though she’s not sure if he’s trying to convince himself as much as them. ‘There’s nothing that’s going to keep him from coming back to Pete.’
‘We’d better get them back to the facility and out of the public eye. FRIDAY? Get some suits to come pick up the bodies, we don’t want anyone getting their hands on anything they shouldn’t.’
‘I’m sorry do I have to lie and say this is their best career option?’
‘Oh knock it off,’ Steve grumbles, but there’s a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth.
‘-but I’ve just spent the best part of an hour consoling a man who I have never seen cry before in my life. And he watched me kill me his parents.’
‘What-’
‘Drink?’
‘None,’ he replies shortly. ‘It’s never been this hard to track Hammer down before.’
‘Indeed,’ a small grin is all the answer he needs. ‘Though thankfully nothing that caused an issue. They were more entertaining than they were difficult.’
‘Peter got drunk whilst he was away and gave us a call,’ Tony laughs, entering the conversation.
As always here's your sneak peek:
‘Hey did you guys know Scott has a girlfriend?’ the red-suited man asks, as he straightens, the gauntlet, and Thanos’ arm in his one hand. ‘Scott has a girlfriend, and she’s got a bug suit just like him!’
‘I’ll have someone here within the hour. You,’ Wong turns to Strange, ‘are to look after yourself for once. Do you understand me?’
Once everyone has a slice and the rest of the cake has been levitated to the table with the rest of the food Tony comes over with a box in his hands.
‘But we did not the second time, my friend, and that is the main thing,’ Thor reminds him, steering them back towards the shop. ‘I’m glad I have the chance to speak to you, my friend, I’ve been meaning to ask you about my brother.’
‘No one could have survived that blast.’
‘Oh shut up,’ Peter snaps, though it doesn’t sound like there’s much anger behind it. ‘You’re just as bad.’
Loki laughs sharply. ‘It’s not often I have heard that in recent years, I thank you for your words.’
‘You made me lose ten bucks, you owe me kid.’
‘What? No! I-’
As they gather their things to leave Wanda finds she suddenly understands why the others all have a couple of different groups or individuals they train with: training with someone else is much more fun and pushes you to do more. The other plus side, as far as she’s concerned, is it means she gets a little more time to spend with her adopted brother. As always there’s a slight sting of pain and guilt when she thinks of Peter like that. She wasn’t entirely sure how they’d ended up becoming so close, it had just grown naturally over time, and she never thought of him as a replacement for her twin. At one point the similar name, the energetic personality, the joking nature, it had all been so painfully similar that she nearly had looked to him to replace Pietro. But it was remembering what he’d been like when they first met, when he’d been held hostage and used against Tony, how frustrated he’d been with himself, how he’d tried desperately to prove he could do what the team needed him to, how he’d been so determined to protect his friend but he’d doubted himself the whole time. It reminded her so much of how she’d felt when she’d first joined the team after Pietro’s death.
The pool game started out good-naturedly but quickly got out of hand. It became clear that Charlotte and Derick did not like each other for some reason as Charlotte began criticising every move Derick made. Jane was awful at it. Callum was okay (about the same level as Steve). Charlotte was amazing, as expected, but she occasionally choked suddenly, which was probably down to the amount of alcohol she was consuming.
"It's a more
to 'deal' with it. It's no one's business...I hate that we have to," Steve whispered, eyes fluttering shut. He just focused on breathing for a brief moment, the feeling of Tony's hands hot against his waist.  "I just want to be myself. For once. I don't want to be asked questions by stupid men in skinny ties and fake glasses. I just...I just want to say what I want to say," he sighed.
"TURN HERE!" he hollered suddenly, realizing they were missing a turn.
Steve panted against the countertop as he came down from his most recent orgasm, his thighs wet and sticky with sweat and semen and warm from where Tony rested between them. His hands were still held in his mate's grasp loosely and he made no attempt to pull free. He just smiled up at him, blue eyes glazed over like before.
"Yes, I'm here!" shouted Tony.
Tony shook his head a little.  "...they all think they're coming back.  No one goes off thinking they'll be one of the unlucky ones," he said quietly.  He waved at his half-eaten breakfast. Or dinner. Whatever. "I'm done. I'm just gonna sleep until it's time to go.  Wake me up then, okay?"
"Four Loco is a trashy drink and you're a trashy person, Armando!" yelled Tony.
"What's that mean?" he asked, pointing to the wall.
For years he'd passed off his reluctance to shake hands or take things from people as just another eccentricity of an over-confident billionaire, but that wasn't it.  He didn't like people touching his hands.  He and Steve held hands often and it was fine, but this was different.  They were having sex and Steve was pinning him like he was an omega, and it felt... wrong.
Another memory was sludging its way up from the depths of Tony's memory.
. He would do it in a heart beat.
"Alright.  He's up, at least.  Let's go," said Pepper.
"As if you haven't seen it before.  Thanks for the orchid, by the way."
"My point, Captain-- I'm being very long-winded here-- my point is that you already owe me.  If you had called yesterday, I might have asked you to abandon Project 84, to leave my schools alone, to leave Trickshot alone... again, we've already been very lenient with you, and also have let Barnes live, which was very generous of us... but really, at this point, you have no leverage at all over me.  I only want my Donny back. I understand you and he are cousins? ...Donny makes a lot of Alphas happy, Steven. And despite all the talents you have, thanks to the ingenuity of the Erskine and Stark, there remains one thing you are clearly incapable of, which is knowing your place. Donny, unlike you, will always kneel."
"I'm not saying he'd be terrible," Clint sighed. He chewed thoughtfully on a mouthful of cookie. "It's just... as he is right now, I can't really imagine it. But I guess, when some people have kids, it makes them turn their lives around. ...I don't know Steve. It's a joint decision. A big decision, sure. But you are super young, you know, to be deciding if you never wanna have kids..."
Tony stared at Steve.  "Did you just embarrass Charlie?" he asked.  "...wow.  I thought she was unflappable.  Dani, sweetheart, get me a martini, will you?" asked Tony, snapping his fingers at one of the flight attendants.  He had four.  They were all equally gorgeous betas.  Madison, Riley, Fern, and Dani.  Tony mixed up their names constantly; they were almost interchangeable in their beauty.  As far as Steve had been able to tell over the past few weeks, their job was to coo and flirt and laugh over Tony.  Like Charlie, none of them had ever paid any attention to Steve; he was only an omega, after all, and only Tony's assistant.
The soldier rubbed the back of his neck and then looked over at the blond.  The omega looked and smelled anxious. Despite that, he was exceedingly attractive and the soldier felt drawn to him.
you're not gonna go storming in there with your shield and start Cappin' all over the place, are you?  Because SHIELD will lose it for real. They'll put you right back into the iceberg they found you in."
Charlotte's eyes narrowed.  "
One of the agents was nearing Fury with a knife.
Steve blinked. It was Piper from before, but there was no Eric in sight. She didn't look at Tony, just Steve.
There.
"So... so I'm guessing... since they jacked you up on super-solider serum... you haven't gotten to be little spoon much," murmured Tony breathily.  "You want to roll over so I can..."  He trailed off.
Schmidt was the worst Alpha Steve had probably ever met. A man who thought his status entitled him to everything.
"Don't worry. We can work with that."
Did he?
"I think for Nat and Clint it's different. Like I said, all they know is the work. The fight. Natasha probably kills a few men a week, I imagine that helps her deal with a lot of stress. Their protectiveness makes them stronger, honestly. It means they'll always be there for each other when it counts. It means they understand each other better than anyone else. Every strength comes with a weakness, but I think the former outweighs the latter.
"One at a time!" a stage hand called out. Steve looked calm, far better than he had before the speech. The swarm of reporters was a little overwhelming but he could handle it. He reached behind him for Tony's hand without thinking about it, the podium blocking the gesture from the cameras.
Tony was currently peeling apart toad-in-the-hole as if concerned it might actually have toad in it.
Steve swallowed, scrolling down his contacts list. He dialed.
In the hotel room, Rhodey eased out of the bathroom; Donner glanced up.  "Was it
But Tony talking about
Steve grabbed his phone off the side and went to sit on the bed. He leaned his head in his hand, eyes teary with frustration. "Fuck," he whispered, mostly to himself.
He grinned up at Tony when the other was staring. Steve was clearly very hungry (they had skipped breakfast). At the back of his mind he was admittedly thinking about the collar in the box at the bottom of the suitcase.
world Vanessa may have died because you couldn’t look after her properly. But in this world, she lived, and she decided to come and see us. We unlocked her mutant ability as well and it proved to be
Her dark eyes narrow at me. ‘What are you talking about? I’m offering you everything-’
‘Well, you just disappeared in the middle of Europe so we all assumed you’d gotten bored of taking Stark’s money and decided to go make your own in a sex ring or something.’
‘Where the fuck did you crawl from, kid?’ Mark chokes as he scrambles to his feet and away from an angry Peter.
generous with his last paycheck there is no way he could afford all of that shit. Plus, it’s got Fury chasing his tail trying to clean up after him.’
A hand appears on each side of his face, and he dares to open his eyes at another soft voice. His vision starts to focus on red hair and worried green eyes.
‘I love it here, Karen, but I can’t wait to go home,’ he mumbles as he drifts off to sleep, lulled by the steady breathing of the baby on his chest.
to test out tech when there’s something bothering you.’
‘Now do you want to tell me what’s going on with your friend and his arm?’
Clint just shrugs and spins the two knives in his hands. ‘You spend as much time with Nat as I have and you learn some tricks on where to hide weapons.’
‘What makes you say that?’
‘That would be nice,’ she admits, ‘I haven’t really done much like that at all before, so it’ll be nice to have the chance to do all the tourist type things.’
Natasha looks like she doesn’t believe him, which he can’t really blame her for. ‘Let’s get you up and then I’ll take you upstairs.’
There’s a roar of greeting as the light fades and there, standing in the centre of the battlefield, is Thor, Valkyrie by his side, and two other creatures Tony can’t quite work out from here, but he’s fairly certain one of them looks like a walking tree, and the other is a raccoon with a giant gun.
It was only a couple of days after they’d started dating that Tony was
‘Sensible,’ he laughs, but then has to stifle a groan as Flash ends up in his group. ‘Perfect.’
‘Let’s do it Christmas Eve, start a new tradition,’ Natasha smiles, ‘Clint’ll be arriving Christmas Eve so he can join in, and so will Carol.’
‘You sure you want me to go full Captain on you, punk?’ Steve grins at him, then shakes his head. ‘It’s just me, Buck, and I’m worried about you.’ Bucky isn’t sure how to respond to that. ‘From what you’ve said it sounds like it wasn’t really you that was forcing the argument but
‘Hmm,’ his guest makes a thoughtful noise as they slip into silence. Sometimes he thinks he has more knowledge than his guest, and other times he wonders just how much this other man is playing him. For now it appears they’re on the same level.
Just because I feel like it: have a double update!
‘We’ve slipped too far out of his control,’ Natasha adds, coming to join them, ‘that’s why he’s doing this. He wants-’
Peter shakes the ringing from his head. He’s now thankful for his quick thinking in getting his Iron Spider suit around him as the ceiling started caving in, managing to protect Sam as he did. He lifts the rubble from on top of them and throws it off.
Peter’s so distracted laughing at the sight of two super-soldiers rough housing worse than any of the teenagers in the school that he doesn’t notice the other person until they crash into him.
‘He’s rapidly replacing you as the most irritating person in my life,’ she scoffs, bringing her coffee over to where they’re all sitting, giving a quick greeting to the rest of the team. ‘So what are you all doing then?’
The teenager looks round as Vision walks into his room as he’s pulling his jacket on. ‘Yeah of course you can, Vis. What do you need?’
‘You two should become friends,’ she points between the two rulers, ‘you’ve both got exactly the same problems.’
‘Because you’re all mental.’
‘Well that was…intense,’ Ned says, putting down his next completed model and picking up the next one Peter should be working on. Peter just nods. ‘Hey, Pete? What is he like? The Winter Soldier I mean.’
Bucky shrugs. ‘I assumed he was with you.’
‘Groundwork for what?’ Sam asks.
‘And is there no one who could repair the damage?’ Sam asks.
‘It’s this,’ and Tony takes out his phone and presses play on the screen.
‘Shit who turned on the fucking lights?’ I groan as someone moves something above me, letting light hit me straight in the eyes.
‘Pete what happened?’ she asks.
‘And what’s the prize?’ Clint asks.
I'm hoping to post the next two chapter on Christmas Eve, so do keep your eyes open and let me know what you think of these two chapters.
‘Everything except the one thing I want,’ I cut her off. ‘You might want me, sweet cheeks, but the only one I want is still up there in the land of the living. And I’d rather have one lifetime with him than throw it all away for you.’
‘Bucky-’
She tries to cover her shock by taking a sip of the cocoa, and only succeeds in burning her mouth. ‘How did you know?’
‘So…what’s happening?’ Natasha asks, looking between the two brothers.
‘But Natasha taught me we should use every advantage we have during a fight,’ he argues, ‘I was just doing as I was taught.’
‘And I promise not to freak out,’ she says, voice and expression calm and encouraging. ‘I’m excited if nothing else. My little brother’s got himself a date.’
‘Oh for the love of….just walk and move like you would normally. You won’t be flying so we’ll leave that lesson for another day.’
‘I’m not sure what I’ve done to deserve you,’ Tony replies as he feels sleep creeping up on him. ‘Trust me I’ll tell you if I don’t want you here for some reason. Not that I can think of a possible one right now.’
‘What did you
‘What the whole team here now or something?’ Tony asks.
Ned huffs from behind him. Peter shoves his friends into the first classroom they find and he opens his backpack for his web shooters.
‘Not really…well kind of…it’s a bit tricky to explain.’
Strange is quiet again as he assess the fellow magic user. ‘Both,’ he answers eventually. When Loki doesn’t respond straight away he then adds. ‘You do realise that by choosing to stay it doesn’t mean you can never travel and then come back?’
‘Fit it in wherever we can I say,’ Tony responds, looking around the park at the many people spending their time in the sunlight. ‘At least it gives us a good excuse not to have the rest of the team around.’
pay for them.’
‘Yeah, yeah, I know. And I won’t climb on any roofs whilst drunk again either,’ he rolls his eyes, but gives her a hug. ‘Missed you guys.’
‘Oh babe,’ he laughs ‘
‘We’ll have to see what they say, perhaps they’ll come and we can do the feast the day after or something.’
‘You alright, Reindeer Games?’ Tony asks as the other two join them in the car.
Love always,
‘What do you plan on doing with EDITH?’ Fury fixes him with his eye.
I’m shit at this. Will you just sit down and hear me out?’ Peter looks at him for a moment, then nods and sits back down, pulling his hand back and sitting with arms crossed over his chest. ‘Right,’ the merc nods and looks down at the table. ‘Ok I deserve that. Look, I didn’t mean to be all, you know, “you can’t do what you want” when you got here I just- I freaked the fuck out yesterday. I mean you call me a couple of days ago saying you’re being attacked by the guy that’s threatened to
But Peter cuts across him, intent on finishing what he has to say. ‘I know you don’t normally stick around, I’ve heard Thor talking about how surprised he is that you’ve stayed as long as you have, but I wish you would stay you know. You’re like my uncle now or something, like the rest of the team, and I’d miss you if you disappeared and didn’t turn up for years at a time. I know the rest of the team would miss you too, especially Tony. But Bucky would miss you most of all and I don’t want to see that easy smile he gets around you go away; he was so strong when Tony and Steve got together, knowing Tony had chosen his best friend over him, he deserves some kind of happiness.’ He pauses and looks at Loki out of the corner of his eye. ‘So do you. I don’t know everything about what happened to you growing up, but I know enough to know people kept overlooking you for your brother. Bucky wants
Bucky’s mind blanks, unable to process this new information. They were memories? But that meant-
‘You really did get a beauty of a wife, Howard. Not that I’m surprised; I’m not sure which Steve found more confusing: your technology or how easy you found it to talk to women. He told me the fondue story with you and Peggy in the plane by the way, had me laughing so hard I couldn’t see for tears.
‘Can we invite Peter?’ Wanda asks him.
‘No promises,’ Loki grins, ‘I seem to have an accomplice who enjoys tricks as much as I do.’
‘Wanda?’ Peter steps closer to her. ‘What’s wrong?’ He says a word in what Tony thinks is Sokovian. The effect on Wanda is terrifying.
‘Some being the key word there, Clint,’ Laura sighs, ‘
‘Put her through to me and Steve.’
‘Hey!’ Bucky shouts in mock offense as Peter sulkily lets himself down from the ceiling.
Steve laughs. ‘Well now I can’t have that can I?’ Then his expression turns unsure. ‘Tony are you sure-’
‘Ned it’s not a date. And what’s wrong with what I’m wearing?’
The look Ned gives him tells him exactly how much he believes that. ‘Yeah completely one sided. Which is why you’re sticking up for him this much.’
to meet this kid, I hear he’s pretty smart. Well he must be if you put up with him, Anthony. Didn’t quite catch his name though?’
‘That sounds like a lot of pointless crap,’ Rocket says once they finish. ‘What’s the point in this? Just sounds like an excuse to spend too much money on people for no real reason.’
‘Why are you blaming me?’
‘How are you guys able to talk whilst doing this?’ Sam puffs from behind them, ‘I can barely breathe enough to walk!’
‘Agent Barton you are out,’ FRIDAY says.
‘So why did you decide to tell her?’ Peter asks Matt once they’re out of earshot.
‘Uh…ok. Would you be able to tell me where he is please?’
A woman, at least Tony
‘Then why offer to help me?’ Now Peter’s just confused.
‘You and me both. Loki… Strange says we can break the link now if we want to,’ he guesses there’s no point beating around the bush.
‘Or Thor turns up with lightning,’ Rhodey adds.
‘Really?’ he asks, looking between her and Tony. Tony just laughs and nods, ruffling his hair.
‘No, stop right there,’ Tony points at him without looking up from his phone. ‘None of that “Mister Stark” crap Steve or I’m reverting to Captain Rogers.’
‘The hell you are!’ Tony roars. ‘You get to that jet with Ned!’
‘Some group in New York I think? The return address is a community centre by the looks of things. Hang on I’ll go grab some scissors to cut the tape,’ by the time Sam comes back Natasha is still reading the return address. ‘Ring any bells with you?’
‘Two super soldiers and one kid with enhanced abilities from a spider bite are going to be much more use running around than a guy more used to letting a suit do all the fast moving.’
Natasha mulls over the other woman’s words as she makes her way to her own jet, looking behind her as she watches Tony lock up the house again. Something inside feels wrong to be leaving the house, despite all the dust clouds.
‘Wanda? I think she’s trying to make me her little brother or something. But she’s really cool, and her powers are awesome.’
A/N: Hi everyone! I hope you enjoyed this chapter, now things are going to start picking up from the enemy side of things, sorry I know it's taken a while. It looks like there's going to be around fifty two chapters in total for this story, and I've nearly finished writing them all. I've also been getting some really good suggestions for specials or things to include in the story which I shall hopefully be getting started on soon.
Wanda blinks a couple of times. ‘Is it a
‘You alright?’ Tony asks, voice on the edge of slurring after the amount of alcohol he’s drunk today. Though he’s still much more towards the ‘tipsy’ side of the scale than most of the others. Damn the man can hold his drink.
‘You going for the record of longest walk down stairs?’ he asks with his usual snark when the group finally reaches the tarmac. Ross had insisted on the armed guard, he hadn’t insisted Tony be nice to them, nor polite. ‘And what’s up with the metallic armbands?’
‘No shit!’
Tony laughs. ‘I would love to have had some photo evidence of that!’
‘Ready when you are, Cap,’ he grins, then jumps to grab hold of the first of the monkey bars and pulls himself up onto the top so he can walk along it like a ladder.
‘You got any traditions that we haven’t mentioned, Quill?’ Sam asks.
version.’
‘Alright we’re here,’ Natasha says, and Steve spots May standing outside of a large doorway, beyond he can spy the auditorium. Tony greets Peter’s aunt and she takes his arm and guides him towards their seats in the second row. The rest of the team enter in their assigned groups; when Steve enters with Bucky he can’t see Peter anywhere, but there’s an open door where he can see a few students milling around so he assumes the teen is through there. He gives a smile and a wave to Ned, sitting a few rows behind Tony and May and gets a huge smile and wave in response.
as possible. Please remember that Mr Parker is a
‘But you must be able to work around it?’
Steve comes over whilst Bruce begins his explanation, this time Shuri being more cooperative to help. ‘How’s it been so far, Pete?’ he drops his voice low so no one can overhear.
He was in a bad mood and he wanted to web someone up. Maybe upside down. Hey he was in a particularly foul mood.
us just how much you mean to him.’
‘It was, but it was not enough to hurt you,’ the humanoid reassures him.
‘I would have thought Bucky was,’ he grins and then turns back to Matt before Loki can say anything in response. ‘Just how serious is it, Matt?’
‘Not when we’re close to things that can explode.’
Natasha’s eyebrows disappear into her hairline, and May looks furious. ‘Peter Parker what have you been doing?’ his aunt demands.
‘Go enjoy yourself, Captain,’ Vision says. ‘Myself and the Colonel will be more than happy to make comments on everyone’s skating technique.’
Quill and Peter explain the rules behind the game.
‘Come on, Steve, not like you’ve never taken them off before,’ Tony says, but despite his attempt at humour it falls short as his tone is too flat.
She looks up and sees Peter standing in the doorway. ‘You alright?’ she asks.
‘Boss?’ FRIDAY cuts across them. ‘You might want to see this. News footage from London.’
‘They’ve just arrived themselves, Peter, I’m sure you’ll be there before I get chance to send anything,’ Karen says, sounding amused. He realises she’s right as he lands on the rooftop; the force of his momentum sends him skidding on his backside and coming to a stop right in front of Tony just as he’s stepping out of his suit.
He slams her backwards in a wall and she cries out in pain, losing her grip on him and falling to a heap at his feet. With the pain the despair returns and he looks up into his hard gaze, not trying to hold back her sobs. ‘I’m the Winter Soldier,’ he tells her.
‘I won’t,’ he promises, then gives a salute and heads towards the jet.
‘No,’ he shakes his head, ‘He has other plans for Spider-Man, we’re not to engage unless we have no choice.’
(See the end of the chapter for
‘He wasn’t in his suit!’ Rhodes protests.
‘Scott says he’s convinced Hope to come along for Yule as well, and he’s allowed to bring Cassie,’ Steve enters behind Natasha. ‘Tony you do know you’re supposed to knead the dough and not wear it right?’
As Thanos knocks Steve flying sideways Tony lands on his back, sending out the nanites to form a mask covering the Titan’s eyes. ‘Ever heard of a game called Blindman’s Bluff?’
As always thank you so much to everyone who has left comments and kudos on this story. The amount of love I'm getting for this story every week is still blowing me away if I'm honest. Please do keep letting me know if there's anything you'd like to see from my writing - I've had a couple of suggestions and requests, some of which will be going into subsequent stories, and some are becoming stories of their own! I think there's a few comments I still need to reply to so will do that soon I promise.
‘Oh shut up and let him have some fun,’ Bucky interrupts. ‘Or you just scared you’re going to throw up like you did at Coney Island?’
‘They will follow Odin’s son, brother,’ Thor’s voice is determined, ‘and I shall make sure they understand this.’
‘Here,’ Tony fixes a small devise to one of her gloves. ‘It’s an emergency transmitter. Nothing should be able to block the signal so you get in trouble just press down on it. Make sure your glove is off though, it’s linked to your fingerprint.’
hold on.’
‘Still no sign of Hammer?’ he asks Vision.
‘You and me,’ Bucky growls down at Steve, ‘outside.
‘You’re absolutely sure?’
‘And you’ve not had anything fly at your head?’ Natasha asks.
Peter looks sheepish. ‘Since she put me on my backside like
‘What is the point of this?’ Loki sighs. ‘I do not want it, I shall never come and demand it. Why not leave me be as you have all these long years?’
‘She saw something in his mind that made her decide he needed to be a part of this,’ she shrugs. ‘I’m sure it’ll all become clear soon. In the meantime we have a problem.’
‘Yes they are.’
‘What do you want?’ Steve growls.
‘You’ve been spending way too much time with Bucky,’ Sam sighs, ‘anyone would think you two were friends or something.’
Bruce gets down from the chair then frowns as he remembers Peter’s response. ‘Kid, what do you mean about Ultron?’
‘Did you not hear me you fool?’
‘Oh come on you’re dying to introduce your secret boyfriend to someone,’ Wanda teases. ‘You seriously came here by yourself?’
‘Woah, seriously? Dude that’s awesome!’ Ned interrupts. ‘How do you fight if you’re blind? Or do you use the blindness as a front and you’re not really blind? You know like Superman and his glasses?’
‘There!’ he shouts, pointing to the ground where Vision’s body is laying. What worries him is the fact that Wanda is nowhere to be seen. Tony lands them, Thor right next to them, and the three of them face Thanos, Vision laying in agony to the side.
‘Friends, we should pause for sustenance so that we are better able to assess the information in front of us,’ Thor protests, his voice not quite as boisterous as usual.
‘Peter, leave it,’ Steve says gently, ‘everything is fine, it was just an accident.’
‘I promised you I’d bring them home, Vision,’ Tony says, finally looking the humanoid in the eye, ‘I’m not going to back out now.’ Before his courage fails him, or before he decides he really
‘That doesn’t really answer my question.’
‘Yeah that’s fucking Francis alright. How the
let us do something even half way exciting she needs to leave the facility, because I will not be able to look her in the eye the next morning.’
A knock at the door has Peter turning mid-laugh. ‘Sorry sounds like I’m interrupting something, but just wanted to say hi before you got caught up in everything later,’ Wade says.
‘Wade, I’m getting worried. What’s wrong?’ Peter asks again, turning Wade’s face to look at him.
He sits and thinks for a moment, opening the one report on his desk that shows Spider-Man and Deadpool taking on Beck. Now, apparently, affectionately known to the public as Mysterio. He chuckles. The public do like their superheroes to have appropriate names, and their villains. He wonders what they will call him when they learn of his true existence.
Steve sighs. ‘I just wish we could get word to the others.’
‘Hey Spidey! You’re supposed to leave some for me!’ the red blur says as he tackles the armed man and one other. ‘Bear hug!’
‘So,’ Valkyrie claps her hands together. ‘Who is
‘If you guys need help,’ he looks between them, ‘and it helps keep Spidey safe I’m in.’
‘Well you better get used to it, my dear Captain, because you’re not going anywhere until I say so,’ Tony’s beard tickles at his chest as he mumbles a reply.
,’ he rolls his eyes. ‘Do me a favour and follow my lead and, uh, don’t get angry unless I do.’
‘Maybe I’m just trying to make sure he doesn’t have to suffer with nightmares of a shield in his chest!’ he spits back. It takes a couple of seconds for the pained and shocked look on Steve’s face to pierce the fog in his brain and register what he’s just said.
‘We shall continue to do what we can for the situation in the UN,’ T’Challa agrees. ‘Though I can’t yet say if this situation will help or hinder our cause.’
Peter casts one last mournful glance at the food he hadn’t managed to eat, before turning and following everyone else out of the room, his stomach still grumbling.
‘Calling in support now,’ the king responds.
‘Next time you have him on the run up to Christmas,’ she replies, ‘he’s had to promise to repaint the walls
Wanda’s smile seems to come a little easier this time. ‘Right,’ she nods. ‘This isn’t as carefree as that gala we did before with Stark Industries is it?’
‘They’re going to let me know when they want picking up,’ he tries to defend himself.
be torn to shreds. Sometimes I think that guy is more protective of Pete than I am.’
‘Oh god, I’m so sorry,’ he starts babbling, ‘I didn’t mean to give away EDITH I just didn’t know what to do and I was feeling-’
‘Spidey,’ the man’s voice is tense. ‘You needed something?’
Sam opens his mouth to reply when there’s an ear shattering explosion from in front of them and the two cars in front, one carrying some of the team and one carrying their escort, launch into the air. Their driver slams on the breaks and Natasha just has time to shove Sam into some semblance of the brace position before their car flips over, spinning a couple of times before it comes to a rest on its roof. Behind them she hears the squeal of tyres as the other car carrying their team comes to a stop.
better at it than I am, Nat’s not the best when it comes to scientific jargon. She’s going to need you to help make sense of a lot of stuff.’
‘Always the joker, Anthony,’ Hammer responds, smirk not leaving his face. ‘Ah I see that woman you had working for you before is still around. Though I must say I think you’re wasted as a PA my dear, perhaps I could find a better use for your skills?’
‘Will Hammer be here?’ Natasha joins them with a question of her own, Wanda by her side.
‘Ok so Rhodey you already know,’ Tony says.
‘Yep,’ Peter presses a kiss to Wade’s lips again before moving out of his arms. ‘But I’m your brat.’
‘I went undercover in an old peoples home once.’
‘Anyone who wants to keep track of what’s happening in the world,’ Rhodes points out. ‘Plus it’s a good thing to leave on in the background when people are coming in and out.’
‘Mr Stark!’
‘We tested it with Tony before you arrived,’ Wanda supplies. ‘It’ll work.’
Bucky tries to push his own rage away and looks around the warehouse, it’s not burning as badly as the other buildings are, and it should stay mostly standing by the time the flames have died out. He makes his way behind some crates, trying to ignore the heat and pulls part of his suit up to cover his mouth. Apparently Tony had made sure everyone had these in their suits so they can filter smoke, the guy really was a genius. Taking his rifle from his shoulder he starts to prepare it for a shot at Francis. If he knows about Peter and Wade’s relationship he’s too dangerous to let go.
‘I’m with Vis,’ Wanda pipes up.
‘Oh, sorry,’ Peter shakes himself out from his daydream and sits heavily in the chair the man gestures. ‘I just…I’ve never seen anything like this before. It’s incredible. Are all the books on the mystic arts or are there other things in here as well? Is it one of those libraries that I can just ask for a book and it'll appear? Are there any artefacts in here? There’s so many on the way here and they were all so cool-’
‘Glad you like it,’ he lets out a sigh of relief and smiles back.
arm is aching.’
The back doors are thrown open and Tony just has time to realise the guy is holding a rocket launcher before he’s spiralling out of the way and desperately hoping Clint wasn’t directly behind him. He breathes a sigh of relief when he sees the other man jumping down behind a low wall for some cover before the rocket lands in the café and explodes.
‘She sounds like you,’ Peter says to Morgan.
‘Yeah let in the Star Spangled Banner,’ he says absently, still scrawling through the screens in front of him.
‘We’re all getting a bit jumpy, be good to have all the team together again,’ Rhodes adds.
‘Yeah hurry up Leeds, don’t want to keep Penis Parker away from his important job,’ one of the other boys sneers.
Thor looks back to see the Quinjet landing at the brow of the hill, the back opens and Natasha climbs out, heading down towards them.
He opens one eye and cracks a smirk. ‘Nice get up. You here to save me from the evil government men, Agent Romanoff?’
Christmas had started to lose a bit of it’s magic.
‘Don’t hold it in, Tony, let it all out,’ Clint rolls his eyes.
‘Yeah well I’m not getting in until I’ve finished looking at the scans of the weapons. So you’ll have to cope with the soldier twins alone for now.’ Ignoring Sam’s protests he heads to one of the loungers and sets his things down. He could leave reading the scans until later, but he needs an excuse to mentally prepare himself for facing the water.
‘Yeah,’ she replies, though she’s not sure she convinces him.
Steve takes a deep breath, focussing on the dark of Tony’s eyes rather than the white of the ice. ‘I’m fine. I want to give it a go.’
Peter faces Bucky and tries his best to find a way to break through to him or Wanda.
Fury narrows his eye at him. ‘Alright, Stark, agreed. But I’m still not happy at how much you’re all protecting him. He’s Spider-Man.’
‘You alright?’ he asks her. ‘Did you want anything else?’
‘I’m sorry,’ Peter sobs, burying his face back into Tony’s stomach and hugging him again. ‘I’m so sorry. You’ve been like a dad to me for
‘Sure,’ Steve still looks worried, but seeing he’s a little steadier on his feet again heads to do as he asks, pressing a kiss to his forehead. ‘Just behave yourself alright?’
‘How can we work as a team if we don’t trust each other?’ Steve counters.
too many guns. Like where do you even keep all that stuff?’
‘I thought we said we’d meet at midday,’ Tony raises an eyebrow as Strange walks through the open portal. ‘Some of the team are still not up.’
work on our team work by playing Capture the Flag.’
‘Alright?’ Peter can feel his stomach sinking. He knows he messed up badly with Beck, and he’s been hoping to put off this conversation as long as possible.
‘Drink it on the way. Go!’
As always here's your sneak peek:
‘Yeah I got a bone to pick with you,’ Bucky raises an eyebrow at him, waiting for the nurse to finish her jobs and leave and for Steve to take a seat, a much comfier seat than what he’d had before, before continuing. ‘So you failed to mention you’d spoken to someone at Stark Industries.’
‘Of course, sir, I selected the constellation light for tonight. I believe it will go well with their bedtime story.’
‘Yes. Incidentally my aforementioned former partner also apparently organised a hit on that date. A hit he contacted an accomplished army sniper about who just so happened to be on leave. Care to guess who the intended target was?’
'I never stopped wanting you,' Tony admits, 'and I hate you so much for that.'
‘Hey you made sure to get over here and warn us, it’s the least we can do. Especially since you’ve got hurt because of me.’ Tony turns to look at Peter who’s been strangely quiet throughout the whole exchange. ‘Pete can you take Scott down to the room next to yours? I’ll get FRIDAY to sort out the rest in the meantime.’
‘That’s very thin ice you’re treading there, Cap.’
‘Like it,’ Scott nods.
‘Well I’m up there to help every other weekend, so often enough to get to know them.’
‘I think I’m going to go wake Wanda,’ Vision says, phasing through the wall.
The sight that greets Steve when he crashes through the door is enough to make him see red.
‘I don’t know what you mean,’ Steve huffs, trying to fight off a blush he can feel rising.
,’ he groans as they fight their way through the crowds in the corridor to the entrance. ‘Can we not do this at school?’
Natasha straightens up after taking out another HYDRA guard and catches her breath. They’ve done well at catching them unawares, and the guards are still scrambling into some semblance of order; the chaos is mostly helped by Wanda, who is not even attempting to hold back on her powers, her face is furious, made slightly terrifying by the red light glowing from her eyes.
