“Than I feel?” Sherlock asked, lost in the haze of lust.
John shifts, hooking his heel around the corner of a box just to his right and trying to kick it within reach; Sherlock takes pity on him and slides it over. Upon opening it, John’s eyes are assaulted by more unorganized detritus. Why they ever thought that they could clear out 221C in a day, is completely beyond him. But they have to get through it, he knows, as the electrician is coming first thing in the morning to begin restoration of the space.
“Hello, Sherlock,” Molly says, sweeps her ponytail to her other shoulder and peels back the stark, white sheet covering the body before her. “Amir Rolf, twenty-five, pre-med. Tragic, really,” she says, her voice lowering an octave as she takes a step back, hands clasped behind her.
Another beat of silence settled and then Lestrade barked out a singular cough of a laugh which devolved into a spiral of giddy laughter that John joined in on. Sherlock’s mouth cracked into a half-smile as Lestrade stood and clapped his palms over his thighs. “Right, dinner, sleep. I think John’s right.”
“Christ, how old are you Moriarty?” Lestrade scoffed, rolling his eyes and turning back to Sherlock. “Think you have more pressing matters to worry about at the moment so why don’t you get your sodding skis on and shut your mouth?”
He rereads John5NF’s reply twice and frowns at it.
“Hm, yes, I… yes.”
“Hmm,” he hummed again and didn’t open his eyes again until they’d landed in Russia.
“John,” Sherlock said into the skin of his neck, tongue pressing flat and firm against John’s carotid. “Would you like to spend the night?”
“Alright.” John stooped down and slid his arms beneath Sherlock’s trying to help him to his feet. “Come to my room, we’ll get you sorted; you sure you’re not hurt?”
She sighed and tossed her gloves into a nearby bin. “Three broken ribs, a fractured cheekbone. He suffered pneumothorax and has extensive bruising. The nose is fractured but not broken. No internal bleeding or any other breaks. He’ll need to take it quite the easy way for a while and no monkeying around.” Her accent was thick, but Sherlock got the gist of it, nodding as she spoke.
“Enjoy the bouquet?”
“A fucking dream, jesus christ, fucking… brilliant,” John said and Sherlock grinned, pleased with the compliment, and then he curled the fingers of his right hand around John’s prick and brought it greedily to his mouth.
John barks a laugh and pads over to the sink. He takes a moment to quickly clean two of their heavy, quality glass tumblers.
to talk with someone about it. Who better than a complete stranger who is of no danger to him? Who better than a person who’s just offered to talk with him?
“I mean, army
John doesn’t know what to say to that. The
Sherlock wakes to another bout of chilly rain, London making its desires for Spring known. He feels glum and exhausted, and just as his mind decides to begin a mental countdown of the time until nine that evening, he rucks the covers up and shuffles down underneath them.
“Oh look, it’s the great Sherlock Holmes! Please Mr. Holmes, can I have a photo, I’m your
John kept his back straight against the mattress, staring up at the ceiling, as Sherlock’s fingertips trailed lightly down his arms.
The crowd responded boisterously, everyone in the stands on their feet.
“Sherlock, Sherlock, last time you were at the Games, it was tainted by the actions of James Moriarty. Are you worried-”
all of that in me?”
Sherlock hunkered down, sitting against his thighs and pushing himself to go as fast as possible. The skis certainly helped, and he made another note to see what the team thought about him trying them out on the actual course. That would give him only one run, really, to decide which pair he’d use in the qualifying round, but he was confident that once he had another go down the slopes, he’d be able to make a decision.
“Unless this is a bad time, I can… I can come back-”
Sherlock’s mouth slips open and John seizes his opportunity, deepening it, resting back against the sofa as Sherlock maneuvers to his knees and drapes himself over John. It’s an odd angle, to be sure, and Sherlock is pressing down on him, towering over him, but John finds he quite likes it. Hands go to hips–they want to go to Sherlock’s backside, but don’t stray that far–and Sherlock tips his head, falls deeper, changes the angle, and their tongues touch and retreat.
Sherlock stood in the center of the sitting room, looking out the large window. Lights sparkled in the courtyard and in the distance and the far-off voices of revelry resounded, muffled through the glass.
“Right,” John said and raised his hand up to signal for the waiter. “We eat and then we break and enter.”
Sherlock was momentarily stunned by the response and belatedly stunned that he’d bothered to engage his rowmate in conversation to begin with. He opened his mouth at once to speak but couldn’t think of a single thing to say so he shut it and angled himself back into position against the wall.
“Listen,” John began cautiously, slipping his hands into the pockets of his jeans. “Stay here tonight, get some rest, you shouldn’t… don’t sleep in the lobby. I’m sure you have a workout in the morning and then the opening ceremonies… you should really get some real sleep. In a bed.”
John had been relieved; he loves his daughter, but he had been missing the quiet intimacy they’d shared before on trips away. Dinners together, morning coffee in one another’s rooms as they examined case files; even sitting next to one another in a stuffy train car had been a treat for John, something exciting to look forward to. It was in those moments that he’d allow himself to get caught up in a fantasy, that they were going away together simply for the pleasure of it, because they wanted to be alone, and not for work.
“I think that
“Any good?”
Sherlock boldly takes John in hand, thumb swiping the beads of moisture at the tip of his cock and the laughter dies abruptly in his throat. He fumbles with the bottle, smearing slick all over his hand; Sherlock smears his palm against John’s, and then wraps his hand around John’s length.
“Shut up,” Sherlock growled, but picked up the pace towards his door. “And for your information, the gold podium is
Sherlock is unsure what spurred him to open the email client on his phone--the account he'd created solely for Guest--and while he finds that odd, he doesn’t dwell on it. What he does consider for some length of time is his compulsion to email a stranger about his…
Sherlock blinks once more, realigning his mind back on its axis, and plucks up his chopsticks. “Right, yes. Good.” His voice is sure, but his insides feel like there’s electricity lighting them up.
is how I feel.”
want to be the best, Sherlock.” He spelled it out carefully, seemingly unsure himself of his own words.
“I’m sorry to hear that, but I come bearing good news. This here is my friend John Watson; we came up through medical school together. He was just about the top of our class.”
“Just?”
They sit in a silence now tinged with anxiety, John feeling entirely thwarted, silently condemning the bartender to a whole host of maladies. There’s something inside him that feels ashamed for being so frightened of all of this, after everything he’s experienced. How overcoming his fear of allowing Sherlock to know the contents of his heart make no sense to him; mentally, his gives credit to Ella, specifically for having to deal with the fucked up inner workings of his psyche.
Sherlock hummed aloud, physically moving his hands through the air and moving those thoughts aside. He moved on instead to his training for the morning, meting it out in his mind, down to the minute. When he was through organizing his thoughts it was still early in the evening.
Sherlock turned, walking backwards away from him, wanting nothing more than a hot shower and a mountain of food. “Oh?”
“After?” Sherlock inquires.
He blew out a breath and took in the look on each member’s face. “I… believe it’s appropriate in situations such as this to extend gratitude. And so I shall. I could not have possibly imagined at the beginning of my tenure as a professional skier that I would be in the position that I am now. That is, I never would have imagined, nearly fifteen years ago, that I would stand before a group of people and tell them that I owe my success--in large part--to the alpine professionals that stand before me.
: Because you make me feel intelligent and valued
It won’t be perfect—John knows this—but it will be them, and that will be enough.
them to death, Christ--he would have to ensure that they were silent, as to not attract the attention of anyone in the hallway.
at the moment, but we’re celebrating, I’ve made sure John knows as well, so don’t try and get out of it.” Greg called, twirling once with his hands in the air. “Go back, get some rest, take your pain meds and then prepare for a night of revelry.”
“So you can’t tell me about them?” John challenged, his little smirk hooking Sherlock.
“Dear God, Detective Inspector, it’s a simple matter of looking at the photograph. There!” Sherlock stabs the photograph again and then sends it spinning across Lestrade’s desk.
An easy smile tips up Sherlock’s lips, “Nothing.”
He’s dressed with so much time to spare that he thinks he’s gotten ready far too early. He frets about, debates changing his shirt, his trousers, debates whether he should call the whole thing off again. It seems entirely futile, this entire process, and it makes him a bit melancholy. Do other people feel the same way about things of this nature? Do other people-smart people, brilliant people-feel like this around other people?
John sucks in a breath and is astounded that he feels as though he might cry. Tipping his head back, he glances up at the ceiling, but doesn’t want Sherlock for one moment to get the impression that he’s avoiding any of this. “Oh jesus christ, it’s been years. Years, Sherlock, I swear… I’m sure you’ve counted. I know you have, all I know is that it’s been… forever. I can’t remember a time when I didn’t.”
Moriarty broke into an amused smile and Moran barked out a single, high laugh. “Dear, please don’t strain yourself,” Moriarty said, mock worried. “Those chairs topple over
“Oh,” Molly plucks the chart from the gurney and ducks her head as though reading intently. Her reply is very, very quiet. “Just some tongues.”
“Why am I not offended?” Sherlock finishes on a soft, petering-out chuckle.
“Shut up!” he shouts to the empty room and drops off to sleep without realizing he’s being pulled under.
“Oh,” Lestrade said once, and then, “
He shimmed onto his side, toeing off his trainers in the process, and slung an arm up underneath his pillow. It took a while for his eyes to adjust to the room but when they did, he made out the odd outline of an object on the table by the bathroom; it wasn’t there before he’d gone, he was sure of it. So preoccupied with clinging to his fantastic mood, he hadn’t noticed it upon entering, an oversight that hadn’t happened to Sherlock in years. He noticed
Sitting back in his chair, John brings his thumbnail to his mouth and begins worrying over it with his teeth. He’s not terrified of meeting Guest, quite the opposite: he’s thrilled that Guest was the first one to suggest it. What he’s worried about, what he hadn’t even considered until this very moment… if what if Guest doesn’t like John Watson?
The group shuffled through the brightly lit corridor, their conversations dimming to hushed, excited whispers as they got closer and closer to the entrance ramp. The cheers and applause of the audience rang through the small space, making the ground and the tunnel shiver with the force of it. Sherlock peered down at his watch, wondering how long he would have to be subjected to this.
They still don’t speak as they review the menus and Sherlock keeps glancing up at John. This man is so
There’s a bag on the sink, not very large but not very small, either, emblazoned with the word “Lush”. John takes a cursory glance around him and then steps inside the room, uses one finger to pull the bag open enough to peek in. He’s met with nothing but a puff of crêpe paper. John takes a step back and then leans back in, dipping at the waist to bring his nose to the bag’s height. Primly, he sniffs, noting that the muted floral and citrus aroma seems to be coming from the bag itself.
“I would hardly call a spleen biohazardous, but...”
To his credit, Bode doesn’t tell Sherlock to act any other way than the way he’s acting, sometimes even having to bite his lip to keep from laughing. By the second set of runs, they’re playing off of one another, Bode ironing out the wrinkles that Sherlock purposefully inserts into his commentary.
Phillip gave him a confused look but did as told, examining all of the bolts and fastenings; he pulled away and nodded at Sherlock, confirming everything was all set. Sherlock frowned and kept his eyes on his skis, “And you’re sure you stripped them both down before you waxed?”
He glanced over at his laptop, tempted to log on and see if he could find the photos to which Mycroft was referring, but it would be of no use. Instead he ran his hands through his hair and grabbed some workout clothing. It took him only a few moments to pack his bag but as soon as he was through, he headed down to the gym, resolving to figure out what to do about John over a nice, long sweat.
Sherlock gets the leash out and Redbeard is at his side, ducking his head so Sherlock can clip it to his collar. Sometimes, Sherlock thinks that his dog may be too smart for his own good, but considering he’s the one who owns the dog...well.
John holds Sherlock’s gaze for a long, long moment before he sits up a bit straighter, sandwiching his fingers between his knees and clearing his throat, not wanting to lose this chance to lay it all out there. “It’s too bad that there isn’t a sleeper sofa in our room, innit?”
Isn’t.
it. It really is as startlingly simple as that. Sherlock glances across the flat, eyes falling on random objects as he tries to decide if that’s really all that is. He looks forward to it; John5NF is interesting and amusing and quite intelligent, he’s come to find.
“What… is this?”
He noted his skier’s number for the first time and smiled; Sherlock wondered how many other times he’d failed to take note of his designated bib number. For a moment he considered chastising himself once again--sentiment--but he found he didn’t mind.
Sherlock blinks fervently, as though he’s been pulled out of some deduction or reverie and says, “I’d no idea that Number Ten was allowing our veterans to live in such depressing squalor.”
John hummed. “Right.
And wasn’t
He was glad that Greg would be attending the Games, though he was doubly glad to be away from his tutelage . Under the scrutiny of his coach, he couldn’t train to the extent he wanted; Greg always forced him to rest and recuperate, forced him to eat and watch tape of his runs. Sherlock championed actual physical skiing to tempered conditioning; why watch ages of tape when he could refine his technique on the actual snow?
He feels so much, and he has no idea at all how to do this.
“Hmmm,” John hums, right into Sherlock’s ear, the vibration shivering through their chests where they’re pressed together. “Okay with me…” John noses at the space behind Sherlock’s earlobe again, before surprising him with a nip. “Changing your plans?”
“Was hoping for something a bit more aggressive, but I’ll take what you’ve got.” Sherlock did as asked without a fuss; he tried the desk four times to no avail and instead of trying a fifth time, he slammed the phone down on its receiver and stared across at John with bleary eyes. John frowned at him and crossed the room, grabbed his hand, and dropped three pills into his palm.
His fingers find an unfinished patch of wood on the floor and he runs the pad of his right middle and index over the little indentation, his skin just almost catching on the minute splinters. “Nine months. That’s.”
By the time he got around to strapping on his racing boots, the group of athletes who had been standing around when he had arrived had all gathered outside of the hut behind the gate, watching him. Sherlock spared them a glance and then turned back to the serviceman who was helping him into his skis, checking his boots and the bindings for snow. He was strapped into a relatively new pair, ones that he’d selected specifically for training purposes, not wanting to wear his race skis and risk injury to them.
My most profuse apologies for taking quite literally FOREVER to write this next chapter. Life got in the way, and then season 4 happened and kicked us all in the nads.
Sherlock’s eyes flit to the papers and then back to the box that he’s been carefully poring over. “Bin them.”
It’s maddening, how lonely this man makes him feel when he’s just a few scant yards away.
Sherlock settled gently onto his back, resting his head carefully on the pillow. For a brief moment he felt like a young boy, a teenager, speaking on the phone to a crush. It was a novel sensation that was instantly wiped away by the reminder that not a day ago they had both been in the clutches of a madman and had nearly died.
Head tipping back, he sucks in a breath, and laughs; the laugh turns to a moan as Sherlock hums and follows the arc of John’s head, tips forward, and gently suckles at John’s carotid.
“Eager?”
He was stopped a few times along the way by timid fans and he did his best to retain his cool and smile in the photographs that were requested of him. There was no doubting that he was a conspicuous character with his shock of black hair and firm, lean body folded into his coat. His trademark Ray-Bans were also a dead giveaway, and even now in the torch-illuminated night he wore them. It had occurred to him before that if he altered his appearance he might be able to slip through the various events he attended with a bit more ease, but at this point in his life Sherlock couldn’t be bothered with the effort it would take to ensure anonymity. So he smiled and nodded as best he could and signed photographs. (He drew a line at the fan mail, however, which was attended to by his agent and was responded to - to the best of his knowledge - with a form letter and a glossy, mass-produced, signed photograph.)
He said nothing.
Forcibly shaking himself back to the present, Sherlock unlocked his phone once again, checking his other messages. Two from Molly asking where he was and then asking far more frantically the same. His mother had sent
Sherlock stops pecking out the letters, the rational side of his brain once again roaring to life and making its objections known. It’s a different roar than before, however, before he began emailing with John5NF; the voice in his head doesn’t have the same bite to it. Sherlock realizes, belatedly, that this whole thing–sharing intimacy with a stranger via the internet–is just becoming another facet of his day.
comment.
John returns home feeling properly tired, but cautiously optimistic. The sun is just beginning to set and he finds himself actually hungry for the first time in ages. It takes him a bit, but he manages to whip up a halfway decent risotto for himself and brings a bowl with him to his desk. While he’s waiting for his laptop to boot up, he tucks in; once the first bite hits his stomach his appetite roars to life. He pecks away at his keyboard with one hand and eats with the other, a task that’s more complicated for him than it probably should be.
The realization hits him that now, from here on out, he can do this–kiss Sherlock like he wants to, rest his hands on Sherlock’s body to provide comfort and pleasure. Sherlock’s tongue slicks in atop John’s and for a moment John thinks he may pass out from the sheer intensity of it all, the mental and physical realization that they can have this now.
“Hey Molly!” John greeted, ducking to kiss her on the cheek and she burst into tears again, startling John.
He winced as the meaty sound of flesh on flesh came from across the room; Moran was focusing the brunt of his efforts on John now and that knowledged caused a deluge of pain and regret to tear through Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock grinned briefly, and then sighed through his nose. As easily as his lips had turned upwards, they cast down. “If I don’t ski, Moriarty wins.”
“Her?”
Greg’s eyes went wide but he ducked at the last moment, thrusting his right shoulder out and into the man’s gut and they both fell to the floor in a heap, scrabbling. Sherlock rolled his shoulders, managing to turn himself just the slightest bit towards the scuffle and saw Lestrade pull back, eyes wild and sink an elbow directly into Moran’s solar plexus.
He doesn’t seem particularly excited at hearing it. They stare at one another for a time before Redbeard loses interest and the dog’s eyes slide closed; Mrs. Hudson will let herself in as she always does and the dog will go out to meet her, as he always does.
Molly reappears, slinging a bag across her body. “I’d say so. But that’s… it’s nice. That you and John are…”
“You said small, Sherlock. I believe the words you used were quaint and quiet.”
So Moriarty
Sherlock’s hands, warm and smooth, press against the line of where John’s trousers meet his waist. “Shirt off, please,” Sherlock whispers and the right side of John’s mouth sneaks up, goofy and delighted, and he rids himself of the shirt, flinging it off towards the end of the bed. “Thank you,” Sherlock murmurs, oddly formal.
No, not reborn. He’s rediscovered, and John has been the catalyst for it all.
The man hums, quirks the left side of his mouth and shrugs. “William.”
“Are you here to
“We’ve met,” John laughs, shaking his head, too.
His workout left him feeling refreshed and invigorated, the endorphins coursing through him pleasantly. He didn’t see John after he’d showered and couldn’t find him in the gym as he was headed out; so he assumed John had returned to the hotel. Sherlock followed suit, taking his time to walk across the plaza and further decompress. He was stopped a few times by fans and it shocked him to note how receptive he was to their admiration - instead of his casually cool demeanor, he found himself asking the names of the people he was signing for. He smiled in a few photographs and even gave the thumbs up in one when asked by a young boy.
“God damn it, you’re an arsehole,” Lestrade ground out. “You really are.”
John went up on his tip toes and dropped a kiss on Sherlock’s cheek, snatching the bottle from his hand and disappearing into the kitchen to open it. Sherlock worked on building a fire while they let the wine breathe, while John puttered around the flat, glancing over this and that, making comments about the general oddness things. “Not that I don’t find it charming. It’s rather… eclectic.”
Greg rolled his eyes. “Would be helpful if you’d fostered
that Jackson’s presence was what was keeping me from the podium and I could take out two birds with one stone, but I suppose I shouldn’t have underestimated the old dog Sherlock Holmes!” Moriarty mocked, continuing on. “Hanzu wanted the wax and in return he would apply it to Jackson’s skis. If Jackson didn’t know it was on his skis, well, it’s a remarkable compound that does take some getting used to,
Sherlock allowed himself to look down at the course and he conceded that it looked rather imposing from the starting gate. They
“Naw, naw. It’s your last big hurrah, I was wondering when you were going to unleash your true self on the masses.” Greg allowed his hands to fall into his lap and stared off into the distance. They were quiet again, Sherlock’s silence tenuous, as though he were waiting for the other shoe to drop. But Greg just glanced around them and leaned back to rest his seated weight on his palms. “Bad form if you don’t stick around for the other racers,” he mentioned offhand.
The interview airs the next evening, and Sherlock and John watch it together, John preening over how confident and
Sherlock’s hips stutter, as he makes a sound that’s half-groan and half-growl. “John, I’m…”
Sherlock sits up, turns just slightly, and regards John so closely that John is fairly certain that Sherlock could read everything he’s thinking. “Why now?” Sherlock whispers, face so close to John’s that their breath mingles.
would you think that? That I would be frightened of you?”
“Oh?”
a date,” John returns, dragging a hand over his face. “Meeting a friend. None of your business, actually.”
“You think it’s funny. That I take baths.”
“So,” Sherlock agrees and they fall into silence once more.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Fine.”
A blonde reporter with a microphone bearing the logo for NBC Sports sidled up to him and, once sure they had the airtime, addressed Sherlock. “I’m here with  a
Of pleasing him, waking up with him, doing this again. And again. And again.
“I think,” Sherlock frowned.
John leaned in, smiled against Sherlock’s lips. “Good then, very good,” he said, and then he licked into Sherlock’s mouth, sure and hot and
As he stepped under the spray he wondered, nervously, how he was possibly going to be able to ski in the finals in a day and a half. Remembering the prescription in his pocket, he added getting painkillers to the list of things he would do when he was properly clean and dressed.
anything anymore. He feels as though he doesn’t fit anywhere, which is a realization that threatens to knock him sideways on the pavement where he stands; how easy it is for time to slog on and leave people behind.
. “Alright, alright.”
Sherlock blinks at him, fingers mapping across the condensation on his own glass. “Is this the part where we get to know one another?”
“Ah,” Sherlock says, his gaze falling briefly to John’s mouth; John catches the glimpse and smiles warmly.
chides a voice in his head that sounds
It was at that moment that his foot chose to remind him on his injury and he shifted his weight onto his other leg. The dull throbbing persisted and Sherlock grit his teeth against the sensation. It hurt, badly, but it wouldn’t be impossible to maneuver on, not for just one run.
He recalls the exact height of every podium.
He’d heard that this course was going to be brutal and now, after one run on it, he knew it to be fact.
“So?” Sherlock asks in return, one amusingly-thick eyebrow perked. They look at one another for a beat, sizing each other up. There’s a stalemate there, when Sherlock’s gaze flickers away, back at his menu.
John Watson in the world, but he can’t be too safe.
He’s so Sherlock.
The shower felt like heaven, truly, and Sherlock massaged his aching muscles under the surprisingly strong spray. He didn’t feel one bit of guilt as he notched the temperature to nearly scalding, using the hotel-issue soap to clean himself. He couldn’t seem to locate any shampoo or conditioner, but spotted two small bottles on the sink. They were John’s, but he would purchase him new items in the morning.
Greg slapped a handful of quarters down on the table. “Well, let’s get this party started!” And with that he snatched up a few coins and went to the jukebox. A moment later, synth pumped through the sound system and the opening strains of “It’s Raining Men” had people laughing and moving onto the small dancefloor.
“Perhaps not as poncy as you hoped.” He ducks his head in parting and goes to snag his beverage from the counter.
“Isn’t that generally how it goes?” Sherlock asks, smirk evident in the tone of his voice.
“More than okay,” Sherlock whispers back, even as he reaches around and presses against the very edge of John’s hole.
He was forced to silence his mobile after the fifth call from Molly. He needed to
A buoyancy fills him, an odd sort of manic wonder. “In your arse, was hoping,” Sherlock cheekily replies, knowing exactly the effect that his word choice will have on John, wanting to see it.
“I suppose… you have a point.”
“Yeah, that’s right, yeah.”
“They’re quite right,” Sherlock said. “And there’s nothing to be done about that. Now, are you going to attempt to help us or are you going to continue to insult me for my lack of people skills?”
He’s not sure why, but John’s heart falls a little bit at that. At least the question had sounded interesting, and he’d seen many instances of trauma like that before. He was almost certain that he’d be able to provide an accurate assessment if he’d just been given more information. He reviews some of the other problems posed by the users that are still in the room, but doesn’t particularly feel the need to give his input. With a frown, he brings the cursor up to close out the window when a personal chat box pops up on the left hand side of his screen.
John pressed him back into the wall, confident but gentle as their tongues slicked together and retreated. It was a slow kiss, something that stretched the bounds of time, all warm and sweet and deep. Sherlock sucked in a breath through his nose and gave in totally as John moved his mouth from lips to jaw to neck and back up again.
Sherlock simply blinks at him.
But John wants to hear him say it, wants the truth of all this. He wants to strip everything down between the two of them, as bare bones as he’s able. “Oh well, you know I can’t handle crass, so—”
. For a brief moment John wonders if he’s ever in his life been part an email chain this long.
“You’re dead on your feet. Come on, I can’t in good conscience let you sleep in the hall or that windtunnel of a lobby, just…” John turned his palms up, pleaded and Sherlock considered. He
Sherlock’s breath halts in his chest as he stares at the open dialogue box. It feels as though his heart is in his throat as he types back.
than a friend.” He swears that Sherlock’s eyes glitter, at that.
Sherlock asks, biting his lip, absentmindedly scratching Redbeard behind his ears.
. Can’t have him fapping about.”
Pressing his lips together, his face is a mask of reprimand. “It’s a tabloid John, ‘believable’ is in direct opposition with their mission.”
it to the officials, to the IOC?
“A lot,” John says for good measure, angling a look at Sherlock over the rim of his wine glass.
“Jane Doe, found in the alleyway off of Brixton Road in Vauxhall.
and intelligent, kind and strong and quick-witted and…fit, too. John is not the sort of person that takes to the kind of person that Sherlock is.
“One must have hobbies outside of one’s passion, don’t you think?”
John processes the implication behind the question before his face pinches in disbelief. “Come on.”
“The hell there is,” he mutters in return. John splays his right hand over his knee, spreading the maximum distance his fingers will allow, before he speaks. “Is there anything for you in a middle-aged, greying, single father of one, with no steady job and an addiction to danger?”
Fingertips curl gently into Sherlock’s skin. “I feel… so much. Sherlock, I… this is all I’ve wanted for, jesus. Forever.”
, he hears echoed in his head and John closes his eyes and wills the voice away. He doesn’t want to consider for a moment that the man from the morgue is right, that it’s his own brain working against his body, not allowing him to get better. He doesn’t
And he carried it with him, all the while. Two years of living with memories of a ghost, with self-flagellation, with might-have-beens, dear-god-I-wish-had-beens, and he’d moved on as best he was able, right into another tsunami of danger, a danger whose claws wished to sink into him and tear him away from Sherlock.
He pours them each a standard finger, knowing the dangers, and knowing his limits. Heis getting back to the place where he can enjoy a nice drink without fear of overdoing it.
Sherlock was silent; he certainly didn’t want to cede that point.
Cameras descended on him, crowding around him as the official called out the confirmed time, securing Sherlock as the leader going into the finals.
“Oi! You’re one to talk!” he shouted back, more amused than perturbed.
John barks a laugh, and tips his head back with the ludicrosity of it all; a chuckle, and then another escape. When he looks back at Sherlock, he’s wearing an expression of such unguarded happiness that John’s breath stops, caught on not wanting the moment to end.
“Wrong place,” Sherlock stands. “The
The request is audacious in its presumption that John should do as told and not ask questions, but he still opens the attachment. John tries not to think too much about it: about how curious he is, about how strange and thrilling these emails are, about what the information he gives could possibly be assisting with.
Sherlock runs and runs, finds himself halfway down the Thames with the dog jogging along at his side before he turns around and heads back. He’s been irresponsible as of late with Redbeard; he makes a mental note to have a dog walker more readily available.
“Oh, piss off,” John says, gives Sherlock a faux-severe look and laughs, and it feels so natural, so nice and easy to be talking with Sherlock like this, that he nearly forgets that they’d been shouting at one another just a few days ago. “Yes you have.”
John grimaced and shrugged, sitting himself down in a leather desk chair. Lestrade rolled his eyes again and then tossed himself down onto a sofa, turning his hands up in surrender. “Well I’m in it now, aren’t I? Christ you two… I… Sherlock why can’t you just be happy with making it to the – no, no, nevermind. I’m not your coach and you’re not my athlete. I’m not doing it. I’m not talking you into or out of anything. Just, fuck… fill me in on everything you know.”
The feeling lingers in John’s bones. He carries the light, buoyant fizziness right into the weekend, wakes up Saturday morning refreshed and happy and very nearly giddy. He’d had dinner with Sherlock and it had been absolutely lovely, so lovely that for the duration he’d forgotten about Guest, about his problems, about how completely and utterly different he and Sherlock were. Or, complementary, to put it an entirely different way, he supposes.
John hums back, affirms, “Not tonight.”
“Two Oxymorons,” Sherlock directs at the barkeep, placing the list back between a bottle of vinegar and a salt and pepper shaker. Sherlock folds his hands atop the bar and turns to grace John with a soft smile. He looks almost tired, perhaps weary, but the smile is genuine, reaches his eyes in that delightful way that somehow manages to make Sherlock look decades younger.
What was more was that the man
And then John was gone, leaving Sherlock alone in the large bed.
But John has agreed to
Sherlock rolled his eyes, scoffed audibly and glared across at Greg.
John chokes on a huffed laugh, the half-formed idea of what Sherlock’s naked hips might feel like fit into his palms evaporates. “Okay, that was… bad.”
“You’re not due in for another three hours due to the morgue inspection, I thought you’d like to come to the Yard with me and review some of the cases of interest to this one.”
Greg snorted into his beer, “Yeah, right, can do.”
“Tell me John,” Sherlock begins quietly, and John spends a moment more admiring the couple before turning his attention back to Sherlock. “Will you be this
“I suppose I should be happy that he’ll be choosing the place; I can’t imagine what I’d do if he didn’t like the food at Mr. Chan’s. I’d be devastated. But that means that I care what he thinks about the things I like,” Sherlock stops again, as though the notion has caused his legs to cease functioning.
Sherlock narrows his eyes then, blinks and John can see the cogs turning in his head. Before Sherlock can even open his mouth John is shaking his head, a soft smile touching his lips. “Didn’t mean it like that, just meant…”
It’s stupid, not even a joke really, just calling attention to what they’re doing, but Sherlock laughs at it, regardless.
“Excuse me?” Sherlock perks one brow and stares.
Sherlock smiled to himself, swirling the flask carefully, the liquid sloshing in the beat of silence. “The Americans do like my accent, John.”
Sherlock ran the backs of his fingers down against the soft skin, gently slicking along the foreskin before snatching his hand away as though burned. Sherlock didn’t often indulge in self-pleasure, and even if he were to, it was dangerous territory at present. That would be allowing his normally focused mind to stray; to fantasize about someone he’d
He calls up interactions he’s had with others, in the past. He recalls someone speaking to him about late night chats they shared with their partner, the pillow creases on their partner’s face in the morning, and how they miss, miss,
“Knew it!” the cabbie said, punching the steering wheel. “Knew it, me and the missus were cheering you on. Congratulations!”
John never wants this to end.
: just put it together now. Victim, your inability to give us any more information, this is for some law enforcement entity, yes? And law enforcement would take a liver temperature reading at the scene.
“I know someone, I have a contact in the British government who could… help you, get you out of the country.” He sucked in a breath and let his eyes fall closed. “Just, please.” A small part of him withered at having to beg, but he knew that he’d stop at little to ensure that John was safe.
“Ah,” John said in acknowledgement. “You’ve been caught up to speed on the breaking and entering.”
“No,” John says, face unreadable. “Go on.”
He’s wearing an amused expression as he nods towards John’s dinner. “At the risk of sounding positively indecent, you should eat your dinner. You’re going to need your stamina.” His eyebrows waggle comically and John’s never felt so positively lit up before.
“John,” he said in surprise. “I wasn’t sure when-”
“Fine,” John sounds, digests it. “I suppose that’s quite a bit better than terrible, so. I’ll… see you around?”
Sherlock severed their gaze, unloading his practice suit and laying it out beside him. “He’s a
“I don’t… we’ll get to that bit when we come to it.” He leaned over and petted his hand twice through Sherlock’s curls before placing a kiss on his forehead. “Ski well. Have Molly or Phil check over your equipment
“That how it is? He giving you orders?” Greg winked.
He didn’t have to wait long before Moriarty showed up with his entourage, the hulking form of Moran pulling up the rear; he scanned the occupants of the main floor and Sherlock sat up straighter in his seat to ensure he’d be seen when Moran’s gaze tracked to the corner.
John’s brow furrows. “Is that… allowed?”
Sherlock shivered again, reaching blindly for John’s hip; his eyes slipped closed and his head swam pleasantly. “You wouldn’t be… overstepping.”
They slipped out easily, around the back, and were silent as they made their way down the hill, along the alleyways, pressing themselves up against the buildings until they were certain they were far enough from Moriarty’s. When they popped back onto the thoroughfare it was teeming with people and they settled into the flow, winding their way back down to the village before they said another word to one another.
John rolls his eyes, opens the refrigerator, and grabs a beer that is housed directly next to a properly-sealed canister of what Sherlock had assured John was pig semen. He doesn’t care a whit—what has his life become?
These thoughts consume his mind palace, fill it up like a swarm of moths and he tears at his hair as he works the shampoo through his curls. This is hateful, that he has to wait another entire day to find what John5NF actually looks like. He curses himself for allowing himself such fancies, for harbouring even a shred of hope, for managing to get swept up in all of this in the first place.
“I’ll make sure he makes it to bed,” Molly said, her cheeks flaming even as she glanced at the pair of them coquettishly, fingers curling possessively at Greg’s waist. She jutted her hip out so that it jostled Greg and they both had a silent little chuckle together.
Sherlock was brought back to his hotel by a squadron of beefy Russian security officers; they got him through the sea of press that was waiting in front of the hotel and swept his room before leaving Sherlock to his own devices in a brand new room on the third floor.
“I want you so much,” John whispered, sounding pained, and wet his lips with his tongue.
“This is a much different Sherlock Holmes than we usually see, what’s changed?”
His fist curls against his thigh and his eyes slide closed for a moment. When he opens them, he hits ‘Reply’ and types,
“Course you do,” John said beneath his breath, fingers trailing over the case. “Any good?”
Sherlock nods his head once and then walks around the bed and climbs in quickly and efficiently. John takes a moment to take it in–Sherlock reclining in bed, sleepy and soft–before he follows suit.
evening, first.
John gets himself a cup and an apple and returns to the computer, intending to finish up his resume. He sits down, rolls his shoulders in preparation for a few hours of formatting and self-aggrandizing and poises his fingers over the keys.
As good as he looked, his tendency to don himself in bespoke garments caused him problems. He was stereotyped by the masses almost immediately, not to his surprise. Not favoring the rowdy and bohemian behaviors his fellow skiers tended to indulge in after long runs on the course, he was first pegged as a loner, then as an outcast, and then people began to speculate.
at this point, forget the bath; his eyes stung and his body felt somehow boneless and cramped at the same time.
“Have I?” Sherlock asks, voice slippery as he glances up at John from beneath his lashes. It feels like a test, now; will John back down from his good-natured accusation, or will he follow through.
She sighed and licked her lips, but managed to keep her newscaster grin plastered on her face. “You’ve been pretty banged up,” she maneuvered the microphone to point at his face. “Was that an accident on the course?”
“I like your accent too. You’re going to go over there for two damn weeks?”
“My room then, I’ll… room service, if that will suit? Say, eight?” His heart thudded hard in his chest, he swore it rattled his ribcage as he waited for John’s response.
John pursed his lips, glanced at the door and then back at Sherlock. “Right well, I’ll just head on down, won’t be a tick.”
–and he’s sure to hold eye contact with Sherlock as he speaks. He feels somehow powerful; he thinks that it’s unlikely that many people have challenged Sherlock Holmes and he
“How’d you know I-” John began but grinned, cutting himself off. He blushed and ran a hand through his hair, glancing up at Sherlock from under his lashes. “Never mind, you’re brilliant.”
John stops typing and realizes that Guest may actually be in the room with a man he’s speaking about (John hopes) hypothetically killing. Abruptly, he deletes all of the text. He thinks about what Guest said in the chatroom, about the inquiries he’s made and realizes that this is all
John is interested in Sherlock.
“John,” is all Sherlock manages to say before John is climbing back onto the bed, inelegant in his haste. They nearly knock together, Sherlock levering up on his elbows and John crashing down, and it ends with them both tangled, John laughing into Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock’s smirk is slow in coming and his eyes flash with something John knows Sherlock hopes is danger, but it falls flat. John Watson has seen danger and this man is not dangerous, not even close. He’s a smarmy, entitled git who has been allowed to walk all over Molly Hooper and thinks that he can do the same with John.
Moriarty’s representatives could not be reached for comment but it was confirmed by an unnamed source that all of his endorsement deals have since dropped him as a spokesperson.
It is right then that Sherlock notices two things: that he is forcing his dog into a one-sided conversation, a topic he’d just been speaking derisively of, and that Redbeard has done his business right in the middle of the pavement. Rolling his eyes, Sherlock pops the rest of his pizza slice into his mouth before performing the requisite clean up. “You silly beast,” he says to the dog. “Next time, perhaps wait for grass.”
: That is very helpful.
Should it be this soul-rattling, that he wants all of this with a man he’s deduced, right down to the type of lubricant he likes? Should it be less than, because it had been so easy for Sherlock to see so many things about John, or should it be more, because he’s surprised, delighted and overcome by the ferocity and dedication and humility and bravery that embody John Watson?
Sherlock sniffed and stood a bit straighter, looking down his nose at John. “Must you? Let loose?”
Sherlock is silent for a moment before his head dips in acknowledgment. “Don’t be long.”
“Are you hungry?”
When John slides a second finger into him, gooseflesh breaks out on his skin. John moves smoothly, curving his fingers just so and Sherlock gasps out and dips his head down, biting into the coverlet in order to stave his cries. His knees splay wider, cock bobbing with the movement.
Everything he comes up with seems trite and ridiculous; he imagines himself saying it all aloud and feels a total fool. His fingertips tap over the keys but everything that comes to mind he dismisses as being somehow
“Excuse me?” Sherlock can’t help the indignance in his voice and the frost in his gaze.
They parted ways when they reached the gym, agreeing to be back at Sherlock’s suite at the meeting time. Sherlock went through his standard workout, incorporating a bit more cardio than usual. He was keyed up, on edge, suffused with a reckless sense of anticipation and he needed to sweat it out.
“Jesus fuck, you are-”
about it; that wouldn’t do at all. The man had him confused and slightly reckless and wanting, wanting of something he only had the most
He generally ate alone, unlike the majority of the other athletes at the Games who traveled about in their respective sport groups. The Athlete’s Village was set up in a way that was conducive to group activities, and it was conspicuous when anyone roamed about without a gaggle of their fellow competitors. He got stares, but he was used to it, having learned long ago to ignore the attention and carry on like always.
“I thought you weren’t really concerned about that?” John sounded curious and unsure, but he still took a little step back in Sherlock’s direction.
Greg was silent, a grin plastered on his face, before he nodded, said, “Holy shit,” and charged at Sherlock, wrapping him up in a tight but careful hug, avoiding his ribs. “Holy shit, mate, holy shit.”
He pauses, considers.
“You just wanted to say ‘huge’ and ‘cock’ in the same sentence,” Sherlock laughs and stills, takes John’s face in his hands.
“I didn’t say a thing about lying, did I?” Sherlock asked, innocently.
and I just, I
There, nestled between another email from Harry and one from the NHS reminding him of the criteria that he must meet in order to retain his medical license, is a reply from Guest.
“Right,” John says when they’re on the pavement. “Lead on.”
John’s right arm went around her side and his palm rested on the table. Sherlock smirked at him and reached across, squeezing it quickly, a tiny show of affection. “Happy, happy, happy,” Sherlock said.
It was a good three hours before his ski team had decided he’d had enough, a common occurrence for them; oftentimes Sherlock simply didn’t know when to quit.
Not a minute later he has a reply.
He doesn’t miss that, either.
It’s at that moment that Angelo sweeps in on the table, arms open and smile wide. “Sherlock! So good to see you again! Didn’t know that this handsome gentleman was waiting for you!”
, he needed John splayed out and mapped completely.
, get into whatever Sherlock is suggesting. “I bet.”
“Well, because I really want to kiss you, but I don’t want to overstep my bounds.” John’s hands went to Sherlock’s hips and he stretched up on his tiptoes to nudge at Sherlock’s nose with his own; he went no further, just nuzzled against Sherlock’s face.
John smirks, but shakes his head, flicking the flimsy top off of the top one. “Oh, so is that it, then? I’m going through everything you deem boring?”
He made an effort to center himself, engaged in a breathing exercise, but was pulled out of it by a buzzing in his parka pocket. Pulling out his mobile, he spotted a text from John.
“Answered…” Sherlock shivered, breathless, “what?”
“Or…” posits Sherlock, hands on his hips, staring down at the chaos of the sitting room.
Who better to speak with than a person who has proved himself to be intelligent and present and has a very obvious moral code that he’s not afraid to rely on? Sherlock could do with someone like that; Sherlock could do with interacting with someone so unlike himself.
“That you have something to do with this!” Greg bit out, voice pinched. John sighed and their gazes locked across the room. “I suppose I’m not surprised that this happened, and Moriarty is likely feeding this rumor in his own way...”
John’s lips twitched into a smile. “Well-”
,” he growled as he bent down to John’s ear.
“I do not believe it was a matter of luck or a matter of fate, but a very sound and intelligent decision made by Gregory Lestrade to bring each and every one of you on. I know what people say about my ego and temperament and I’m not saying that the rumors are true or not.”
Sherlock meets John’s gaze and the challenge there is heady. “Want to see some more?”
Sherlock smiles a bit at that; if John5NF only knew.
He crossed the finish line with a cutting little swish of his skis, skidding up to where the finisher’s backdrop would normally be; he fitted his goggles onto the forehead of his helmet and gazed up at the mountain. That had felt good, brilliant in fact, and in a moment Sherlock found himself unstrapping his feet and setting back up the mountain for another run.
“Christ,” Greg swore and pressed at his own ribs. “Goddamned oaf, got a solid shot in.”
John grunts, one arm slung around Sherlock’s neck and the other pressed against his hip. “Shut up, you dick. Get me onto the sofa.”
Sherlock’s mind immediately supplies him with a rather lurid image of John in his rugby kit, muddy and sweaty. “Ah. Well.”
“He is, what’d he say to you?”
John sits down in front of the telly for a bit of Baking Show, but his mind keeps being tugged towards the question of what’s in the bag. His eyes keep straying towards the bathroom as he wonders.
what John Watson was up to, he immediately contradicted himself, feeling a spike of jealousy at the thought of John chumming it up with a luger or being friendly with the curling team. He slammed a fist down on the table, attempting to reroute his mind onto more important and
Their knees had bumped three times - not that Sherlock was counting - and each time, John made a quick apology and wouldn’t meet Sherlock’s eyes. “This isn’t as bad as I’d thought,” John said around a mouthful of food.
He’d opened himself up to John5NF on a whim and--if he really thinks about it, really considers what he’s doing--hadn’t
Redbeard gives a little ruff of acknowledgment before walking to the stand by the door and snatching at his leash with his teeth. “Alright, yes, yes,” Sherlock says, pats the dog on the head, goes to turn the kettle back off and gets Redbeard settled for a walk. They walk the deserted streets of London until Sherlock happens upon a pizza restaurant that's open and stops in for a slice.
They climbed the stairs up to 221B very slowly; neither one of them seemed to want to rush the evening. Sherlock was rather enamored with the idea of taking his time with all of this, as they had done in Spain. Sherlock had had John’s body many times already, had traced the scars with his tongue, the length of muscles with his fingers, but he still felt as though he needed longer, more intense study. He needed days, weeks,
John shifted in his seat a bit and cleared his throat awkwardly as the waiter dropped a bottle of vodka and a basket of brown bread off and scurried away. Sherlock’s attention was still on the floor below, but he felt John tense, heard him clear his throat again. Twisting the bottle between his fingers, John mentioned, “This stuff is like water here. Didn’t even order it this time.”
Watching him.
John’s lips twist and his nostrils flare as he sizes up the man before him. “This, this is the man you and Mike were talking about?” He asks, finally casting her a sideways look. “This is Sherlock?”
John rolls his eyes, “So I heard. Not sure why that’s supposed to-”
Sherlock takes John in hand and ducks in, rests the flat of his tongue against the head of John’s prick, draws it slowly back and forth. John’s head immediately collapses against the pillow as a moan slides out of him, arse cheeks clenching with the intention of remaining still.
Sherlock’s lips formed a thin line, but he refused to let the news affect him; he’d only just managed to center himself. A pair of skis could be top of the line, perfect even, but it all depended on the athlete who wore them. If Hoslinger hadn’t used them before, he wasn’t likely to perform well with them now.
“Oh, yes, also. Molly said something about glitter, but it appears you’ve already discovered that.”
Redbeard bumps his nose into Sherlock’s knee and Sherlock glances down, muttering, “I’ve never…understood this.”
skeptical.
“Ah, John,” Sherlock says, because he doesn’t know what at all else to say.
Sherlock turns to him immediately, his countenance severe. “It’s not a trick.” The ‘k’ is crisp and loud.
“Something like that,” Molly says and trips over her own words. “But that’s not--anyway, you’re a soldier right? And could probably handle someone like that so--oh John, really, if you’d like the job you can forward me your CV and cover letter and I can fast track it.” She runs her fingers through her ponytail. “I could
Molly’s eyes are wide and her lips move, though no speech comes out. “Well, uhm. He’s… fit. Sure, yeah. Uhm…” Worrying her lip between her teeth, she meets Sherlock’s gaze before she continues. “About, say, oh five foot seven inches, sandy blonde hair, kind eyes, very nice smile, well-dressed and erm…”
“Mycroft did,” Sherlock said, in explanation. “Seemed to think it suitable.”
: Not that you’re counting. ;)
He shouldn’t feel guilty for making a new friend in Sherlock. He shouldn’t feel like he’s somehow doing Guest a disservice, but he does. He feels like he’s
“Yeah,” John ran a hand through his short hair, from the base of his head to the front and then back again. “Yeah, I am.”
“Maybe it’s that you’ve been training for so long that your body is on autopilot. Maybe it’s the course itself, maybe it’s a lot of things but, yeah. Just, I can’t believe I don’t have
: Thanks. ;-)
“I want you to be the best because
There was a distant rushing between his ears, like the ocean had invaded his mind and he felt gentle congratulatory thumps on his back and shoulders, ribs protesting dimly at the touch.
Sherlock meandered, lost in thought, until he found a cafeteria and ordered a large plate of grilled chicken and a bowl of pasta primavera, forcing it all into his body although he had no appetite at all. This was often a problem for him; he had no real interest in food, but had to maintain a certain caloric intake in order to meet the requirement of his sport. He preferred shakes and supplements to actual solid food because he could suck them down without thought; chewing, he felt, slowed him down.
: I disagree.
Sherlock’s thumbs hook into the thick waist of his trousers and settle, then tug, then wrangle. Sherlock makes a sound of abject frustration and tosses his head back, as he might at an inconclusive experimental result.
looked imposing from the starting gate, however, and he knew if he had confidence in himself he could master this course just as he’d mastered countless others.
Twenty minutes later they’re seated on one of the plentiful benches and catching up, watching the passersby. Mike is describing his children and even pulls out his wallet to show John the pictures. He only half-fakes his interest, genuinely smiling at the images of two cherub-like toddlers playing in a paddling pool. “They’re three and five, can’t keep them out of
“At the moment? No, you don’t want to know. Just make certain that he doesn’t make you.”
a meter and a half off of the ground,” Sherlock said once he reached John, gazing down into his grinning, upturned face.
“Yes.” His brother’s voice was encouraging but condescending, as though he were speaking to a child. Sherlock bit his lip, halting the caustic retort that sprung to the tip of his tongue.
Sherlock considered, tapping his mobile against his mouth. If he got Greg involved, that was putting his credibility on the line as well. There was nothing for it, he needed Greg’s help and would certainly explain why if asked. He just hoped Greg wouldn’t ask for the time being.
“Avoiding the press,” Sherlock returned and managed to unlock the door to his room, glancing carefully down the hallway before he pushed it open and slipped inside. John followed him in, hands clenching and unclenching at his sides.
“Oh,” John says with a grin and captures Sherlock’s mouth in a kiss that turns filthy almost instantly. “I’m the lucky boy,” he gasps and pushes Sherlock flat on the bed.
Sherlock wrings his hands as his brain runs into overdrive and then he breaks out into a delighted grin in the backseat of the taxi. He’s still high on endorphins, his body singing with the excitement of a new,
His search pulled up many results, and Sherlock clicked through each one, scanning the information for anything out of place. The first three articles were all course-related, too much snow, too many trees, too steep an incline. The fourth article made mention of a World Cup competitor, Geoff Rungren, who Sherlock had recalled skiing against in his youth. They hadn’t crossed paths much in the past ten years as Rungren had skied giant slalom when he went pro.
“For you,” John accuses as he places his napkin in his lap and switches the chopsticks and spoon from his right side to his left. “I can eat whatever I damn-well please.”
Sherlock vaguely recalled his death - a training accident just outside of Bern. He’d not thought much about Rungren’s death, chalking it up to simply another freak accident. “Rungren was training at the Bernese Oberland complex where international elite skiers Ernst Egersheim and James Moriarty also train. Egersheim commented to us what a great tragedy it was to lose such a bright young athlete.”
: I assure you there is nothing nefarious going on on my part. I simply require an answer. Victim because that is the term that the situation dictates I use to describe this particular individual: a person harmed, injured, or killed as a result of a crime, accident, or other event or action.
Reaching out, Sherlock snags John’s elbow and tugs, sending him off balance, and back onto the bed. He manages to get John’s biceps in his hands and pulls until John is over him, face to face. “I want to feel it,” he says, quieter than is necessary. “I want to feel you. First time…”
“Mmm, who’s to say you’re the handsome man I was talking about?” came John’s coquettish reply and Sherlock barked a laugh and leaned in to nip the crest of his ear.
Ignoring him, Sherlock shifted his skis again, thrilled at the ease with which they moved over the tightly packed snow. “These will… suffice,” Sherlock decided, betraying nothing of the immediacy with which he needed to take the skis to the slope. “Let’s take all of this over, I want to try a few runs on these.”
It wasn’t until the man with his back to him stepped out of the way that he saw Doctor John Watson standing amongst his colleagues, smiling slightly and clapping slowly in his direction.
Sherlock grinned. “That will be-”
Sherlock padded across the room, intent on finding his watch but pulled up short next to the desk. He squinted down, crossed to the window to open the curtains for some light, and then went back. On the desk was a room service container with a note.
Sherlock nods, just once, chin to chest and back. His fingers drag the heavy glass across the floor, in the small void between his bent knees. “Years, John.”
“I wasn’t certain what you were in the mood for so… essentially…”
“Hmmm,” John chuckles. “S’what happens when you’re in love, I’m pretty sure. Have to deal with all of this sentiment business.”
John’s mouth twisted into frown. “As though you’re paranoid. Or
? Is that what I’m understanding here? And implicating him in, in a murder? Jesus, he’s your biggest competition but...” Lestrade whispered fiercely as he advanced on Sherlock. “Are you out of your damned mind?!”
“You really think we’ll find anything in the files?”
John smiled with half of his mouth and rolled his eyes, stretching out a bit in his seat. He shrugged it off, “I’m supposed to familiarize myself with the athletes.”
A moment later the whirring stops, and Molly greets him. “Oh, hello Sherlock. Nothing in for you today, I’m afraid. Not yet, anyway. Not, erm-” She glances down at the gore covering her rubber apron and winces. “It’s the… the brain. I need to-”
“Those fucking skier’s thighs,
Sherlock accepted and returned gracious hugs from the Swiss skier who’d managed silver and the American who had taken the bronze, ensuring that the cameras got the necessary shots of the three of them before he turned blankly in disbelief, to look at Greg. He felt completely lit up and somehow entirely numb at the same time, wholly unsure what to do with his limbs now that the necessary interactions had played out.
“Hah.” There was a pause and John righted his head, blinking at Sherlock as he pulled away. “And humble.”
Lestrade perks up in his chair, pursing his lips in appreciation at each attribute listed. He smiles and nods, accepting. “Well, alright, sounds-”
questions. They wouldn’t take the excuse of ‘not your coach,’ they’re insinuating things, and if we don’t shut the rumors down right now--”
“Hungover?” Sherlock asked, rather proud of himself.
“However you like, really, anyway you like,” John rushes. “Just touch me, because,” and with a bit of maneuvering John manages to get his hand on Sherlock’s prick. Sherlock bucks so hard that their foreheads bump together and that has John laughing again, rolling onto his back as he lets go. It’s entirely inelegant, but perfect as well, and it shorts John’s brain momentarily.
John fidgeted at his side and Sherlock set his jaw, said nothing. “You’re not going to get away with this,” John grunted as he struggled hopelessly against his bonds.
“Don’t go with the Rossignols; stick to what you know. You don’t want another factor playing into this; keep it consistent. And you know, whatever you’re doing differently, keep it up. I’ve seen you focused before but this is… something else.”
He shimmied until he found a comfortable position, curling an arm up under the pillow, his front to John’s back. He could just make out the line of the other man’s spine underneath his thin, cotton tee shirt. “It won’t do…” Sherlock whispered and John stirred, head maneuvering just a shade towards Sherlock’s voice.
“Hmm?” his elbow edges out, catches Sherlock in the side, a gentle prod.
“Lovely morning,” Sherlock says as they round a stone cottage and spy the building with their room in the distance, bringing John back to the present.
Lips twisting in amusement, Sherlock ran his fingers over the instruments and then slid them possessively around John’s wrist. “You’re sure,” he said quietly, meeting John’s eyes with an intense gaze. “Absolutely sure that you want to do this. I can’t guarantee that we’ll come up with anything. I can’t guarantee that you’ll… that we won’t both be tarnished in the end.”
Between the three of them, they’ve caused quite a bit of buzz at the Games, though Sherlock can’t help but think of the other athletes—some whom he knew and some he didn’t—that weren’t yet out, who could fill up the green room. He’d been able to deduce a few more figure skaters, one brakeman for a bobsled team, two biathletes, four hockey players, a ski jumper and a handful of speed skaters, but Sherlock hazards that there were likely a dozen more on top of that, between athletes who simply wanted their private lives to remain private, those who weren’t ready to come out, or those who were citizens of a country where anti-homosexuality laws were still in existence.
John places an open-mouthed kiss at the base of Sherlock’s neck and then steps out of the shower, “I’ll get you your fancy-arse hair products,” he says and when he turns back with them in hand, Sherlock’s eyes are closed and he’s slumped against the wall.
Sherlock snorted out a quiet laugh, “Spoken like a true army man.”
His fingers are poised over the keys to type, but he stops. He needs to be sure of what he wants to say, doesn’t want John to see the telltale ellipses bubbles and have to
John’s brow furrows. “Others?”
Sherlock doesn’t follow suit.
“Yes,” Sherlock confirmed, not bothering to worry about John touching him so publicly. He had much larger matters to ponder over. “Yes he is.”
: Yes.
“That’s-” Sherlock is interrupted by the chirping of his mobile and manages a slight downturn of his mouth as he extracts it from his pocket. He spends a second or two scanning the screen and then pulls his wallet from his coat and tosses down a one-hundred quid note.
Sherlock doesn’t generally interact with many people in an amiable way, and it’s nice to be able to chat to someone. It makes him feel good. His thumbs go to his mobile once more.
John took at look at himself in the mirror, touched the corner of his black eye and frowned. “First to try and find some concealer, I think. And then… back to
Sherlock cleaned up, and after in-depth sit-downs with NBC Sports and the BBC, he found his way back to his hotel room and collapsed face-down on the bed. His gear would make it back to the hotel under the watchful gaze of his team and Lestrade was going to see about getting his skis retuned - “As a favor!”  Lestrade has warned with a wink - but now he just needed to relax and
John smiles, curling his fingers just around the side of Sherlock’s pinky. “Wouldn’t dream of it.” They stare at one another, smiles mellowing into gentle little curves. Their breaths evening, blinks coming molasses slow. “Hey,” John breathes, his fingers tapping out over Sherlock’s skin.
“You wouldn’t understand,” John teases. “You’re fit and not nearing forty!” His eyes widen as he realizes what he’s said: “fit.” John waits a moment to see if Sherlock will respond. It’s no matter, he supposes. Everyone knows that Sherlock is fit. John is certain he isn’t the first person to have said as much; just another in a long line of people with, well, eyes.
Lestrade pursed his lips and took a step away, backing down. It was then that John appeared, slipping into the room quietly. “Lestrade,” John nodded his head in greeting.
He’s at a loss for what to say, but finds it quite the new experience in
They were seated at a booth near the back, flanked by two large windows that allowed in the alleyway light, patchy and dim as it was; in the center of the room a large, massive stone fireplace crackled and popped pleasantly, regardless of the fact that it was actually rather temperate outside. Sherlock spread his hands out wide on the table and took up a menu, scanning the front and the back quickly before setting it back down.
Redbeard simply blinks up at him as though to say “Silly human” and then snuffles down into Sherlock’s t-shirt.
,” Sherlock murmured, managing to sound for all intents and purposes genuinely put out by the idea that they might be friends. He couldn’t rightly account for the thrill of giddiness that rushed to his head and made his mouth want desperately to pull back in delight.
Sherlock fell asleep for a short time, body slanting at all angles into the sofa, while John made the call. The sun was just slipping behind the mountains when a light knock at the door roused Sherlock, but John was at the door and allowing Greg in before he’d even properly woken, their chatter sounding far away, underwater.
, Guest writes back a moment later.
Sherlock oofs, and pushes the fringe out of his eyes. “Bit too much squeaking, yeah.”
“Thought you might have a-” John struggles to straddle Sherlock, using Sherlock’s shoulders once more to steady himself, and when he has, he gently lowers his backside to Sherlock’s thighs. “Leather fetish.”
Another solution, one so simple that he mentally kicked himself for not thinking of it previously.There was one thing that men like Moriarty and Moran valued, one thing that was necessary for them to gain power.
Flailing onto his back, Sherlock shoves the covers down to the center of his stomach.
Sherlock peeled himself out of bed, crossing the room until he was at the window, glancing out at the gently-cresting sunrise. “I’ve always focused on the training.”
and made glancing contact with John’s parka. It was stunning, the way John started, his face jumping from passive to delighted and engaged in seconds. “Oi, well done, Sherlock Holmes!” The others he was standing with turned in Sherlock’s direction and gave him applause, to which Sherlock silently inclined his head in thanks.
guest_47995 “is typing” for a few moments. They start and stop and begin again before John finally gets a response.
“Holmes,” he helpfully supplies in return.
At 35, Sherlock was one of the older athletes to qualify for Great Britain’s Olympic team, as well as being the oldest of the downhill skiers slated to perform at the games. He’d been to the games before, of course. For years he’d been widely regarded as one of the most graceful alpine skiers in the world. In Vancouver he’d narrowly lost the gold medal by three tenths of a second in the downhill event behind the highly favored American. In Turin he’d been a force to contend with being hailed by media outlets as the ‘Distinguished Dynamo,’ and had been the overall choice to take the gold. A rare miscalculation coming off of a steep turn had caused him to wipe out, his dreams of standing at the top of the podium skidding away.
Sherlock sighs, his fingers sliding over the curve of the dog’s ear and thinks for the thousandth time that actually meeting John5NF in person is a complete and utter trainwreck of an idea. “I…” Sherlock begins, and Redbeard slides his dark, glassine gaze up to focus. “Have no idea what the hell I’m doing.”
And it almost feels that way for Sherlock, right now. There’s something entirely new about all of this that he can’t quite place. He tosses about the idea of being reborn and finds it too sentimental, not quite apt.
John sucked in a breath, fidgeting against the faux leather of the booth. “Right. I… sorry.”
John stopped abruptly and turned to face him. “Know me well enough to make assumptions about what I’m always doing?”
How very, very perplexing.
Sherlock smiles--a fake thing--at the cashier and then glances back at John. “Why not?”
John led him through the hall to the bathroom and sat down on the rim of the deep tub as Sherlock undressed. “How about,” he turned on the tap and tested the temperature. “A bath?”
It’s another beat before Sherlock responds. “You are, without a doubt, the most boring man I have ever met.”
Phillip readied them in front of the bench they’d designated to be Sherlock’s and he took a step towards Sherlock. “Molly’s spoken with me, I’ve managed to get a look at Hoffstater, Mudchen and Osrchkov but… nothing out of the ordinary. Just the same compounds they’ve been using all along.”
“Mol?” Sherlock smirked.
his mind chides.
John’s tongue makes and appearance, touching his lower lip. “Why are you staring at me?”
Mary frowns and the moment bursts. “John, I mean now, we’ve got to be out the door in ten minutes!”
“Sorry,” John is confused, pressing his fore and middle finger to the center of his forehead and interjects. “Are you quoting
Sherlock’s throat tightened briefly as he felt a burst of something in his chest; it took him a moment to place the feeling properly as jubilation. He’d felt he’d had a fantastic run but had doubted his time when Moriarty had put up a time that had been so close. In a fit of glee he located a pair of boxer briefs and tugged them on, tossing his phone down on the bed, and booting up his laptop to search for his own name in Google.
“Hah, well, you know how intense training is, and this course is certainly one of the most dangerous I’ve ever skied,” Sherlock evaded, shooting her a carefully calm glare.
John’s cheek jumps as he tries to hold back the laugh at Sherlock’s terrible, childish nickname. “Nah, just tagging along with him. Something about a ‘holiday,’ but now that I’m here, all I can think is, I give me some skis, a rifle and let me give it another go,” John makes a wavering gesture with his hand.
For years Sherlock had had his suspicions that Moriarty was tampering with his skis; he wasn’t sure how, perhaps he’d altered the skis himself, a violation of World Cup rules. Unfortunately, if Sherlock were to make the claim against Moriarty and be incorrect about it, the backlash would be positively scathing. He’d seen it happen before and the skier had been laughed off of the circuit, falling out of the sport entirely.
to your ‘him’, too?”
Sherlock looked up to the sky and laughed openly, ribs jostling unhappily at the movement, and then he skied over to the designated area on the sidelines and waited in front of the large NBC Sports backdrop. He was smiling far too much, he was sure, but he couldn’t seem to stop.
“I…” John interrupts himself with a mighty yawn; he cracks his neck while he’s at it, grasping either side of his jaw and tugging it, the bones releasing and popping. “What?”
Sherlock looms above his computer, staring at the screen until the ellipsis of John typing yields a response.
Sherlock blinked once, caught Molly surreptitiously watching Lestrade out of the corner of her eye from where she stood waiting for her drink at the bar, and reconsidered. “Nothing.”
–puts her right hand on her hip. Her face and posture look passive and cool, but Sherlock knows better.
–and if he’s baiting a man who’s proven himself to be
Sherlock sighs and John watches as he runs two fingers up the length of his cock. Transfixed, John finds he can’t move, frozen by the slow intimacy of watching Sherlock touch himself.
My profuse thanks to both Erin and Allison for their constant assistance and input; I truly could not have finished this piece without them.
Sherlock wonders briefly if this is the best tactic to use, if he does find that he can use flirting to help his cause. He wonders if this makes him cruel, like his words earlier in the day had made him seem. He wonders a lot of things as he drifts off.
do yah?”
That’s an interesting question and Sherlock mulls it over for the briefest of moments. White rose in his pocket? Wear a certain hat? Describe the coat he’ll be wearing? Sherlock scrunches up his face, thinks and thinks, turns his head and glances his reflection in the window. It only takes him a moment to remember how physically striking he is, and in a fit of confidence he types back,
Sherlock swallows again.
“Well…” Now he feels incredibly ridiculous, and though he doesn’t blush–John Watson does not blush about nudity–he swallows self-consciously.
“You’re alive.” He was breathless and in pain, but still he smiled.
It’s taken Sherlock some time to understand those idiosyncrasies, those seemingly insignificant little details. But they’re important; he understands now, after knowing John, that the way someone laughs, the tone and the volume, it matters.
His entire team erupted in raucous cheers and Sherlock couldn’t help but break into a lopsided, giddy grin.
The magnitude of what they’re discussing seems as though it shouldn’t fit within the walls of 221B.
The double take that John did was, much to Sherlock’s chagrin, rather charming. “What was that?”
Sherlock ducked the questions with his usual aplomb, using his fast-paced words to steer the reporters’ inquiries back to his prowess on the slopes rather than his proclivities in bed. It only spurred to fuel the flames, however, and now they were positively rabid to get confirmation of his preferences despite the host country’s attitude towards homoesexuality. Sherlock’s propensity to dodge the press only heightened his status as an enigma in the sport.
Sherlock’s face goes blank and then he barks a laugh, smothers another into John’s neck before pressing a hard, wet kiss there and pulling away. Together, with clumsy hands, John is worked out of his clothing.
Sherlock took a breath and noted that John’s eyes had gone wide but his attention was rapt; he carried on. “People with a history of service in the military, like you, have seen some fairly terrible things, and I can’t imagine you would want to carry on treating people if you found the profession to be too painful or frightening. You
Sherlock makes a show of dragging his gaze up and down John’s body in such an overtly lascivious way that it sends John into a fit of laughter. Sherlock joins in a moment later, petering out as he places his hand atop the table, face up. John doesn’t hesitate, slips his palm against Sherlock’s and squeezes, it’s such a delightfully easy thing to do, and John finds himself shocked that it’d been this simple, after ages of worrying over it. This is beyond anything he could have hoped for: a gentle confession, laughter, ease.
With a small harrumph--mostly because he knows he’s sure to have to interact with Sherlock Holmes again--he opens the email application and begins scrolling through.
John huffs furiously through his nose, because yes, his fingers had been poised over the keys to answer. John begins typing, stops, deletes everything and begins again.
Again, Sherlock shook his head and slumped back against the king-sized headboard.
“Terrible taste in music,” she agreed. “But he’s fit as hell, so.”
“Interview today,” comes a deep, rumbling baritone and John very nearly spills the hot liquid all over himself. “No… first day on the job.”
He feels
Some of the younger team members tried to lure him into conversation but Sherlock would just smile in that frightening way of his and go back to the chapter on Creutzfeldt Jacob disease. It was madness beneath the stadium, hundreds of young, eager competitors, excited to mingle with other teams and engage in more base behavior. Sherlock hoped once his competitors were swept up in the air of revelry of the games, it would give him even more of an edge.
“Mm, Sherlock, Jesus, yeah.”
Sherlock grunts too, shuffling through the sitting room to the couch and gently, ever so gently, depositing John onto it. “You really should lie down, John.”
“Shut up,” John says on a grunt, struggling to his feet. “Well, since I have the night off and you’re not being helpful in the slightest,” he grunts again, working the tension out of his thighs, briefly, and then clapping his palms on the sides of his legs, “you might as well make this worth my while.”
John bristled a bit, sitting up straighter. “What?”
Her bright smile glinted in the sun. “This is a much different Sherlock Holmes than we usually see, what’s changed?”
this person, has no attachment and yet-
From his perch at the leg press - just outside the field of vision of anyone entering the gym but giving him a line of sight to whoever may show up - he waited for Moriarty while also managing to do the bulk of his workout for the day. He couldn’t let his own regime lag just because he was attempting to prove a murder; he was still striving for gold.
“Overdue,” Sherlock jested and received a bark of a laugh in return.
Sherlock feels profoundly…
“American, obviously, and you knew as much, I’d wager. They’re engaged in a romantic relationship though their coach is unaware. That’s probably for the best as their coach is a rather severe Slovak who is romantically interested in the male. The girl is reserved and can’t tell him that she blames him for the errors in their program. She’s also holding out on him in the hopes that he’ll get it together in time for their team performance. It won’t last; he just wants to have sex with her and she wants to win more than anything.”
He slept like the dead.
Sherlock’s thumbs pause as he wonders how to advance the conversation.
“No,” John shakes his head, but when the lingering emotion doesn’t disappear from Sherlock’s eyes, he realizes that there are still lingering doubts, the ghost of a belief that this isn’t real, or can’t possibly mean what it does. “Please don’t think that…” He doesn’t continue, convinced Sherlock will understand, though Sherlock just lounges—posture much more rigid than before—and stares at him.
Sherlock’s brow furrowed and he glanced up from under his lashes. “What?”
Hanzu trained in Bern alongside many of the elite racers in this Olympics. His coach - who could not be reached for comment - once said that with a little bit more training, Hanzu would break into the A class skiers at the Olympics in Pyeongchang.
Sherlock’s mouth twisted before flapping open, though no words came out. Promptly, he snapped his lips closed and Lestrade gave a shrug, resuming resting his eyes. Sherlock frowned further, but returned his attention to John.
“Then let me get to know you a few more so I can make a proper assessment, yeah?” Sherlock was silent, looking up at John in wonder. “Unless, hey, I get it if all this interferes with your training. I know you’re quite intense about that, and if it would be better I can certainly…”
It’s maudlin, it’s silly, it’s exactly what he wants to say, and for once, he doesn’t second guess himself in the slightest when he hits the ‘send’ button.
: This is mad, you know nothing about me. This was insane from the beginning. Time to call enough, enough yeah?
“It was
Sherlock shook his head, rolled his eyes -
John gives him a nod, as though telling him to go on, and so he does. He holds nothing back, detailing the ins and outs of the case. It had barely ranked a six for him, but the way John pays attention, interjects “Amazing!” and “Fantastic!” as Sherlock tells his tale.
John is obviously not liberal with giving people information about his background.
“I cannot actually fathom that there will be anything that I dislike,” Sherlock say, twisting his head around to look at John, his chins multiplying as he does so.
to you?”
“What--” Sherlock’s voice audibly shook; he felt remarkably on the edge of breaking.
“That man didn’t know how to hold a pistol; it would have been fine. Now, I have another hour.” John wriggles his fingers in the water, watching as it disrupts the bubbles.
“Two limes,” Sherlock noted, pleased.
to wake him fully, just as the water was. Long minutes were dedicated to scraping his fingernails against his scalp as he shampooed and conditioned his hair and scrubbed himself down. He lingered once he was through, fingers wandering below his waist to ghost over his cock.
“The rumors, Sherlock,” John stepped up, flush to the machine, the cacophony of the gym shielding their conversation. “Are they true?”
When he met with the snow once more his mind bolted back to life, reminding him not to take the next left-facing curve too quickly; he eased his legs into the turn, his hips canting
There was a moment when John froze, stock still in place, and then he nodded, perhaps too quickly, and put his near-empty pint down on the table. “Yeah, yeah yeah. Be right back.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, setting the base of his skull against the back of the booth. “Dull.”
“Greg,” Sherlock implored, working up the ability to humble himself. “I wouldn’t ask if it wasn’t important. I
for her much-needed help on this chapter.
“Oh, damn, that’s,” another yawn fights its way through. “Can’t believe that. Two days now.”
“No you’re not, I…” Sherlock places his palms flat on the table. “I’ve known Molly for six years. She’s smarter than she lets on, it’s quite a skill to have, I appreciate it. I’m aware that she may have a fondness for me, though that’s not really my area.” Sherlock says everything in a rush and John finds that he’s a bit stunned by the amount of information he’s been given.
John’s words ring in his ears, and the pleasure that had been building as he’d spoken the words recedes immediately and guilt cloaks over him.
It was an hour crouching in the cupboard before they heard the entourage stomp back out of the villa, Moran barking about making their reservation on time. Still, they stayed pressed against the back of the enclosure for another ten minutes just to be sure they were gone for good.
Sherlock takes a breath and then lifts his gaze, glances over his shoulder at John. “No,” he says, voice low and melancholic. “Not everything.”
He reached the hallway that lead to his room and was utterly dismayed to find no sign of the clerks’ presence. With an audible groan, Sherlock slumped against the wall and then slid down it all the way to the floor. He just wanted to
, now.
Still, he gets up and goes about his day, cleans around the flat and accepts the paperwork from the messenger upon its arrival. The rest of his weekend is spent getting his wardrobe in order and going out to fill the gaps; he purchases a jumper and two new pairs of slacks, three ties from “last season’s selections” and two crisp button down shirts. He knows that the dress code is relatively casual, and there will be no one to really see him but Molly, but he wants to put at least a modicum of effort into appearing properly professional.
A moment later, a dialogue box pops up on the right hand side of the screen.
“But you don’t let people look too closely,” Sherlock supplied before he had a moment to think about it. The words shocked John, who snapped his mouth shut, smile sliding from his face.
he’d gone wrong.
John can’t help but chuckle at that. “Straightforward.”
His eyes roll, almost of their own accord. “Shred them, you mean.”
“I--yes, he did. But Sherlock, the reporters were asking
“I’m told it was a greenhouse that was converted. Architect is a friend. Well… I say friend—”
They chat in the same manner that they always have over dinner, Sherlock making mention of more salient aspects of the case, John digesting and rearranging facts in his own head. They chat about Rosie, about how cross she’ll be when she has to leave Nana Hudson’s and go back home.
“Yes.”
Sherlock manages to curtail the smile of victory that threatens to spread across his face. Instead, he holds out the second cup of coffee towards John, who eyes it warily. “What’s that?”
“Hey,” John says groggily from the bed, and Sherlock turns, expression soft and unguarded. John’s heart fills to the brim and bursts open in his chest.
It dawned rather belatedly that this was likely the exact desired reaction that Moriarty was seeking; how foolish of Sherlock to succumb to his rage. Relaxing against the duvet he forced away the hot, violent anger and resolved to ignore the very obvious, very childish taunt. Lingering thoughts of retaliation swam through his mind; he couldn’t deny that he wished he could somehow visibly rile the man.
you allowed to drink?” Greg brought his beer to his mouth and finished it off, refilling the glass with water from the pitcher on the table and pushing it towards Molly, who accepted gratefully.
“You did not,” John said, a trace of smile in his lilt.
, and not just in a sexual sense; he wanted his terrible jumpers in his cupboard and his medical journals cluttering up the sitting room. He wanted--no--
Below that, the second message reads,
Sherlock swiped two fingers across his mouth and glanced down at the microphone, reality finally zooming back to regular speed. “It’s ah… it’s a bit unbelievable, truth be told. I’m overwhelmed, I worked my entire career for this and… I’m overwhelmed. It’s been my goal to take the gold at an Olympics and I’d come so close in the past and this is, it’s really an honor. I worked very hard for it.”
John passes his tongue over his lower lip and takes a breath, tipping his chin in Sherlock’s direction. “All of those things you knew about me, how did you…”
The last text shows a time stamp of just a minute before and Sherlock sends a text back, preventing Molly from inundating him with further banalities.
you and I want to get to know you better, okay? If you’re doing this because you think that it will reflect poorly on me or put me out there in a way I’m not comfortable with, don’t. I understand if you don’t want a scandal, I do, but if you’re worried about me, don’t.” Sherlocked wondered if John was aware that he was standing up to his full height, chest expanding.
“That is…” Sherlock pauses, frowns. “Odd.”
me? To chastise me?”
. Desperately.
The quiet sound of slick skin on skin and John’s erratic breathing resonate in the still of the room. John realises hazily that they’ve left the curtains open and both bedside lamps are on; they hadn’t even thought to lock up, to create an atmosphere. Too hurried, they hadn’t even bothered to strip the bed of the mound of decorative pillows.
Sherlock doesn’t seem to notice, instead glancing back at his notebook and carrying on. “I am quite talented, I have to say, but alas no, I cannot deduce proper names. Not for lack of trying, I assure you. Where the
“How will we?” Sherlock pauses, shifts minutely from foot to foot. “That is to say…” Sherlock’s mouth twists innocently and then he scowls, huffs through his nose. “Hell, would you like to sleep with me, this evening?” It’s smacks of formality to a point that John can’t help but tip his head back and chuckle; luckily, Sherlock follows suit. “This is all a bit…”
Sherlock’s chest is flushed red, from John’s hands, and the shower, and John doesn’t linger there long, though vows silently to himself to lavish some attention in the very near future on the toned expanse of skin. His thumb swipes a nipple and Sherlock sighs, arching gently into the touch.
“Pompous,” John returns and then hunches down to trail his fingers along the backs of Sherlock’s thighs and calves. The front of him is last, and John only gives him a perfunctory wash around his pelvis, leaving the more intensive cleansing up to Sherlock.
Sherlock stared blankly at the pair while John barked a laugh and said, “Riiiiight, alright. Greg good to meet you, sure I’ll be seeing you later.”
John barks a laugh. “Course you’d be just as much of an arse when—“
Sherlock nodded to himself, “Right.” A silence fell over the line and Sherlock worried his bottom lip for a time before he spoke again. “So.”
“How long have you been in London?” John asks, and Sherlock finds himself answering, finding that he’s shocked that this sort of small talk doesn’t feel trite at all. Sherlock asks the same and they both begin sharing What either of them enjoys so much about the city. Sherlock realizes that he may be giving too much of himself as Guest away.
He snatched up his phone with one hand and ran his other through his hair. There were a dozen or so texts waiting for him and Sherlock smiled down at the screen, noticing that a few of them were from John. He noted that he’d had several missed calls, two from Molly, but didn’t have the patience for her voicemails at the moment. Generally, she would call him about the most inane things, giving him information that could be better shared via text, and he didn’t have the patience to listen to a ten minute message about how she’d given his skis a proper wipe down, as she
The ride was silent and for a long, peaceful moment, Sherlock allowed his eyes to close and willed his mind to stop its buzzing. Exhaustion stole over him, the very last of the endorphins that the adrenaline had left melting away. All he could feel was the gentle rocking of the van and the warmth of John’s skin against his own.
“Hah.” John passed the back of his hand over his brow and tugged at one of the stacked pillows, dragging it across the bed to flop down on it. It took them both a moment but Sherlock cleaned them up with a handful of tissues and though they were in need of a shower, Sherlock silently decided that it could wait until the absolutely delicious, encroaching afterglow wore off.
John frowns. “William.”
“And what do we do until then?” John asked; rather saucily, Sherlock thought.
Sherlock looks chastened and a bit embarrassed, a sweet pink tinging his cheeks. “No,” he drawls, slow and playful, hooking one of his index fingers into a belt loop on John’s jeans.
was impressed with him; perhaps he could see about getting him to do some of those
His bladder made it necessary to leave the bed, and in the loo he caught a glimpse of the state of his face. His eyes harbored deep, purple crescents beneath them and his cheek and the side of his right eye were a sick, mottled purple. Sherlock looked properly done over and he swallowed at the sight; he looked more the part of an underground prize fighter than an elite skier.
“Seven times a night, christ, they couldn’t have come up with a more believable number?”
Monday morning dawns windy and crisp and John dresses in his favorite blue checked shirt and irons a pair of slacks on the tiny board that had been in the closet when he took the bedsit. He smooths his hair twice in the mirror and re-checks his email for the third time, confirming again his itinerary for the day.
“You were on site, I take it,” Sherlock said quietly, padding over to stand closer to John; he wasn’t sure if he was allowed to touch, but he could remain close in the case that John needed comfort.
The spent a moment smiling at one another before Sherlock pulled his mobile from his pocket and immediately began texting.
‘Slovakia’s third string racer is out, hit the Trampoline and tore his ACL.’
“Yes,” John groaned, bucking up, their cocks rubbing together. Sherlock dipped and captured John’s lips in a sloppy kiss, their tongues languid and heavy, but the touch of their hands needy and rushed. “Yes, god, yes
“Self-deprecation.” Sherlock dragged his lips up to the curve of John’s ear. “Not sexy.”
It’s the first time in a very long time that he’s bothered to think about how others view him while simultaneously not giving a toss.
So John goes slow, warms the lubricant between his hands before applying it. He moves his fingers, his tongue and his lips, all slowly. John maneuvers Sherlock right to the peak, to the very edge, before easing off. Two warm fingers, pressing inside, where it’s even warmer and tight, tight, tight and John takes his time in turning Sherlock’s body pliant.
John feels the strangest urge, to get Simon’s last name, to snoop around on the internet for him, to find out what he looks like. He wants to know more about this man who apparently captured Sherlock’s attentions and affections for more than a short moment. He must be something special, John reckons, and simultaneously takes his own estimation of himself in Sherlock’s regard, down a few pegs.
Sherlock fell in step with the rest of the athletes leaving the stadium and intended on going back to his room for perhaps then out for a jog before bed. The thought of languishing in his room didn’t much appeal to him and since he needed an outlet for the energy thrumming through him, he followed the throng of people off of the Olympic campus and down a road towards where the district of nightlife establishments began.
He lingered in the cafeteria, not even really aware that he’d been there for so long, going over and over the downhill course in his head as he chewed mindlessly, wondering about how he should approach the Russian Trampoline and the subsequent landing. He knew he could take the last jump with a bit more speed and control; he turned over the final part of the slope in his head, again reviewing his entire run, right straight through to his finish, when he’d pulled up and had seen John standing there.
“It will. Angelo will be thrilled I’ve finally brought someone along.”
Molly stops at the elevators and grins up at him. “He said you’re not so bad. So.”
the blood rushing through his head as his mind whizzed at lightning speed, picking apart the word
It took him only a few minutes to get himself geared up; at the last moment he switched his helmet out, going for a new, untested model.
he hears Mycroft, condescending in his head. With a wave of his hand he banishes Mycroft to the attic of his mind palace.
“No, no,” John was quick to dispel the rapidly forming doubts in Sherlock’s mind. “I don’t care, I don’t
“So you’re saying…” John clears his throat, feels as though he should say this as clearly and succinctly as possible. He speaks slowly, in clear, meted words. “You want to,” he looks for the words, works his jaw, and tries to find any other way to say it. When he can’t, John gives a sigh and says, “Grow old together. You, me, Rosie... everything that comes with that.”
“Hah,” John says, wiping the sweat from his forehead, flopping down onto the pillow. “Haaaaaaah, god, okay.”
“Fuck.” John’s eyes slam closed and then immediately pop back open. For a brief second he stares at Sherlock in wonder and then he’s kissing him, tongue slipping past his lips, licking. “Yeah,” he puffs into Sherlock’s mouth. “Yeah.”
“Steak knife,” Sherlock croaked, “hallway, room service tray, two, two doors down.”
. He wants to talk to me, wants to hear what I have to say, doesn’t… just open his mouth and say the first thing that comes to mind. He’s… no. No, he’s what he is, and you? You’re nothing but a bloody machine.”
“Delicious,” Sherlock says through a full mouth-cheeky-and then grins. “Eat up.”
“Yeah,” John said with a grin; he tugged at the short hairs on the nape of his neck, massaging a palm into the notch of spine as he turned his face away for a moment before dragging it back to meet Sherlock’s gaze. “Well…”
“You’re so easy to rile up. Your face is very pretty, darling.” Mary opens the door and sticks her smiling face in. It’s such a thing, but he can’t help smile back. “Get your arse out of there. We’ve got to get ready, haven’t even a bottle of wine in to bring with us!”
man. Or if John5NF is married. Or if John5NF is interested in anything more at all. It begins to drive him a bit mad.
John blinks, rests the paper in his hands on the sofa. “Oh. Right.”
Fantastic, someone who recognizes them; John wonders how quickly news of Sherlock Holmes and John Watson sharing a quaint, boutique room in the countryside will take to make it into the blogosphere. A thought like this would have annoyed him, before. Now, he can barely pay it any mind, for the idea of he and Sherlock sharing quarters is a much more pressing thought.
The only reason Sherlock attended the Parade of Nations was his sponsors’ insistence. It made no difference to him whether he was seen as prideful of his country or a team player; why did participating in such a charade deem him worthy or unworthy of a medal? The entire thing was tedious, a complete waste of his time; the athletes were forced to be corralled together for hours before the ceremonies began.
,” Sherlock breathed, pressing his palm against John’s lower back and they made their way inside swiftly, closing the door silently behind them.
“Exactly what he said, tell me exactly what he said to you,” Sherlock intoned, casting a glance towards the doorway out of habit.
“No. Comment.” Sherlock glares at the man, leaning in to snarl the words into his face.. That would give the media all that they would need for a day or two, and he was glad. Not that he didn’t enjoy speaking about his time spent outsmarting Jim Moriarty, but he was getting rather tired of it. He’d much rather talk of his own accomplishments.
John glances from the man to his own breakfast, and to the traffic in the street. He goes to take a bite and then puts the piece of scone back down on the paper. “I’m sorry, who are you?”
“I don’t know what-” Sherlock lashed out, startled by the invasiveness of the question, startled that John was being so aggressive. He wasn’t put off by it, he simply didn’t have the time to reason out a proper response. And why was John asking? Did he hope the rumors were true or did he hope for the opposite?
“I asked you to clean the tub,” John says patiently, watching Sherlock.
“Oh shut up.”
Sucking in a breath, Sherlock released it shakily and pressed his palms against the counter to steady himself. “Then why, might I ask, did the clerk who was here this morning hand me that very key and instruct me to proceed to room 509? The door to which I opened with, again,
He realizes that he’s been treating this a bit too much like a holiday and needs to buckle down, and just as he’s pulling out his mobile to check, he hears from across the room, “Sherlock! Damn! You look good!” He maneuvers through the crowd, loping over to clap Sherlock right on the shoulder.
John spends the next day wandering aimlessly around the city. He feels like a stranger, though London was home to him for years before his deployment. He finds himself checking in on his old haunts: the pub he frequented in medical school, the deli with what he had once deemed to be the best sandwiches, Trafalgar Square and Regent’s Park. It all looks rather the same to him, though he knows it’s not.
“Perhaps if you weren’t so adept at that,” Sherlock breathes.
“What?”
: ngl guest, that’s a really weird question.
The flicker that had been warm in John’s belly flares to life. “I do now, yeah.” He’s knocked breathless, the fingers not resting against Sherlock’s skin press into the table as he attempts to reign in the rapidly-spreading desire that courses through him. It wouldn’t do to get hard at the table. “Yeah, yeah… I… Jesus, Sherlock.” His mouth moves, and he hears the words, but he feels disconnected and blown to the four corners of the earth. After years of yearning and waiting, the deluge of what’s happening between them right now is a typhoon. “Me too.”
“Maybe not,” John’s right fist clenches and unclenches on his thigh. “But he’s a good man. And he listens to me. And he’s not… not a fucking dick. He’s got your intelligence but he’s
“Oh! Brilliant! What was your specialty, John?” Molly looks at him hopefully and John can’t push the words past his lips.
William doesn’t look up at him, simply waves his hand in a dismissive manner and begins tapping once more at his mobile. John picks up his pace–difficult with his cane–and makes it to the hospital with seven minutes to spare. Once he finds the room that his orientation is to be in, he pulls out his own mobile to silence it but realizes that he has three new messages in his inbox.
It was an obvious statement, meant to intimidate, and although Sherlock realized that as fact, the words still sent a shiver of fright racing down his spine. To his right, John turned his head and spit out another wad of blood, surging forward against his bonds fruitlessly, grunting all the while. His words spilled out of him in hot little bursts, “You son of a bitch, you’re not going to get away with this.”
date, in fact. That was something you said when you wanted to see the other person again.
he types back, thrilled. Over the moon, really.
Sherlock just smiles placidly at him, watches as he moves across the room and turns on the lights in the office, just for something to do. When he returns to the main room,  he advances on Sherlock with his hands on his hips, trying very hard to bring all of his military bearing to his frame. “Does Molly even know you’re here?”
He was sure John was asleep, but in order to put himself at ease, he slung a towel around his hips and cracked open the door, giving a perfunctory whisper of “John,” to which he didn’t expect a response.
The Internet. The World Wide Web. John realizes that he hasn't really had the opportunity to surf the internet for quite some time. He's not sure what's out there on offer, and wouldn't that be a good use of time? Finding out what fulfilling and worthy information he can find, for free, online? After aimlessly tapping on the space key for a few moments he brings up Google. John’s fingers dance over the keys without touching them, wondering what exactly he wants to search for.
Sherlock’s brow furrows.
Sherlock grunted and attempted to move again, but only succeeded in sliding an inch towards the sofa. Sweat broke out on his brow and his muscles strained against his bonds; he fought the instinct to thrash or to panic and instead sat back in the chair, spine straight.
That made his mind buzz a bit as well; everything was different now,
Sherlock’s heart kicked violently in his chest and he did his best to maintain his cool, tipping his chin ever so slightly to give the air of aloofness. “I. I don’t-”
agree with it of course, but it does make all of this a bit more believable. So! I’m going to kill you-oh, no, wait. I’m sorry,
Sherlock’s eyes narrow as he stares into the now-arrived elevator. “So.”
he had been. It’d been such a pleasant surprise to Sherlock. “That… difficult fellow I was telling you about,” he mentions to Redbeard as they walk and he chews. “He may not be so difficult after all. Aside from his seemingly endless desire to have conversation, he may not be entirely disagreeable. I was entirely correct about the psychosomatic limp, by the way.”
Taking a glance around, Sherlock noted that Molly and Lestrade weren’t with them and he could only hope that they were already at the peak waiting. Phillip sat in a corner of their tram staring out the window at the powder covering the run, caught in his thoughts.  Sherlock felt a swell of annoyance rise in him, and stood suddenly amongst his techs.
“We shared a meal together, that’s what people
“And you’re…” her eyes move from side to side, sussing out what he’s trying to say. “Worried that you’re shallow if you’re not physically attracted to him?”
“How did you know my name?” John asks eventually.
Bode glances at him, shaking his head a little shake and his brows rising as a warning, but Sherlock just turns back to the screen before him. Mentally cataloguing the next five skiers, and pulling up their details from his mind palace, he recalls their statistics.  Bode begins on the next skier, giving expert commentary and peppering his critiques with well-placed compliments.
“Consulting detective,” Sherlock corrects, poking at his ginger. “Only one in the world. When the police are out of their depth–which is always–they come to me.”
John does take him to lunch and then Mike brings John back down to sub basement B. He meets up with Molly to go over the rest of the paperwork and once she hands him his permanent identification badge with Associate Morgue Technician emblazoned on it, there are still three hours left in the day.
Sherlock’s hands steepled against his mouth, elbows resting against his knees as he thought. They’d need evidence, no doubt. Physical evidence that could be brought as proof; the connections Sherlock had made based on past incidents were suspect at best. Tapping his index fingers against his lips, he sat back, allowing his hands to fall into his lap. “True, and if Moran is managing his things we can only assume that they’ll be in Moran’s room when not in use. But there’s nothing for it, unfortunately; we’ll need to see his skis. We can’t be sure he wasn’t tampering with Hanzu’s skis, but they’ve likely been taken for evidence. If we can’t get Moriarty’s gear, then we’ll see what we can do about getting a look at Hanzu’s.”
John scoffs, turning his head towards the door as he shouts back, “Throwing me bodily into a grimy dumpster was undignified.”
Once inside the elevator, Sherlock bit at his thumbnail and closed his eyes. He felt stress pressing in at all sides, not a particularly good place to be if he was to ski well during his training run tomorrow. Normally, he was able to simply maneuver the stress to a vault in his mind palace, reason it away, deal with it later or forget about it altogether.
Sherlock rested his back lightly against John’s chest and felt some of the tension drain from his body. What an incredible turn of events, he thought for the umpteenth time, stumbling across
John huffs out a chuckle, the candle to his left flickering in the breeze from his lips. “Well, stop inviting me along on cases, then.”
His team was excited but serious when he arrived at the top of the mountain. Molly was busy preparing his accessories while Phillip toiled over the tail end of his skis, twisting them this way and that to gauge how thick the wax was. When they finally noticed that Sherlock had arrived, neither of them said a word, but each bowed their heads in greeting and returned back to their tasks.
“Sorry,” the man pushing the pram says and Sherlock lifts his gaze to meet that of the stranger. Mid-thirties, fit, warm brown eyes and a modern coif. Married, but sweet, and Sherlock wonders if John5NF looks like
Sherlock stared down at the table for a long moment, allowing the tidbits of information that he’d come across to flit over the screen of his mind. Sherlock had numerous reasons for suspecting Moriarty, the foundation of implicating data fairly strong in Sherlock’s mind. But what had John seen or heard that made him believe similarly? Sherlock’s eyes traced the fabricated patterns in the faux wood for a moment more before turning to snap his gaze to John’s face. “But what leads you to believe he had something to do with Hanzu’s death? Did you see something? Hear something? Anything?”
“Coffee,” Sherlock tries, keeping the snideness out of his voice. “It’s coffee.”
“Hmmm,” Sherlock hums his agreement as he runs the whiskey between his bottom lip and teeth. It’s a challenge, lobbed at Jon, “Surprised?”
John spotted him a few moments later, and Sherlock swore he didn’t imagine the brightening of his face as he made his way over. He was adorned in a tight black drifit shirt, one that clung to his torso in all the right ways, and Sherlock swallowed against the sudden flood of attraction that coursed through him. John’s shorts lingered just at his knees, his trainers bright and neon against the drab darkness of his clothing. Sherlock could just make out the saturation of his sweat beneath his arms and around his neck and he felt an urge, deep and primal, to sink his nose there and take in his scent.
John nodded for a few long moments as he regarded Sherlock with calm eyes. “A chemist… who is a professional skier…”
Sherlock swallowed. “I’m not sure that’s a wise idea. I’ll have to speak with my agent about giving an interview and-”
John rolls his eyes. “Sherlock—”
John’s pelvis can’t help tipping forward, seeking pressure, like he might have done when he was sixteen. But he wants it so very badly that his body moves of its own accord, pressing himself up against Sherlock as close as he’s able while their mouths still move against one another. It’s a gasping, messy, tangled thing, and a few moments in, John realises that they’re pawing at one another quite like the randy teenager he’d just imagined.
John ensures that his expression is schooled into an incredibly neutral mask when he says, “It’s all fine.”
to install security, especially with Moran at hand.
“Well,” Sherlock began, before realizing that he’d stopped mid-text and finishing off a request to have Lestrade meet them back at Sherlock’s room that evening. Sherlock had no idea what was special about the wax they'd just found, but he had a team of people who might know and those people would need convincing before they'd help. Lestrade's new...thing... with Molly made him perfect for the job - and though Sherlock was reluctant to bring him on, he knew he didn't really have a choice. He'd just have to hope Lestrade wouldn't cock up his process.
If Sherlock had to choose one benefit that came with being a professional athlete that he was very glad for having access to, regular therapeutic massages were it. Normally he didn’t like to be touched, and sometimes it still took a good while for him to relax under a professional’s ministrations, but once he did, his mind quieted and he found true solace, if only for a brief time.
, his body responding to the rigors he was putting it through.
“Moran threatened me,” John cut him off abruptly and Sherlock took a step back, feeling a quick little jab of skepticism. They’d only been separated for three hours; surely the Moriarty contingent hadn’t had enough time to finish their meal and return back to the gym for a workout. Moran would have had to go out of his way to get back to the athletic complex.
Is this what it’s like to have a friend, he wonders. It’s been so long since Sherlock referred to anyone–even privately, to himself–as a friend, that he spends a few moments parsing out exactly what this is. It could be friendship, he supposes; he’s never been in any sort of online exchange like this before, so he’s not really sure.
, you’re scared of it too, him doing away with you like that.”
Back against the pillow, with John’s mouth peppering kisses on his neck and chin, he let’s out a gust of a sigh. “Christ.”
. He realizes, as he pulls his digits away from his curls, that he’s trembling ever so slightly.
Sherlock hisses and then shakes his head, emits a startled “Ah!”
Disingenuous. He feels oily, and oddly guilty. Sherlock has never wanted, before, not like this.  But he can’t stop, not now. To give up his identity now would absolutely serve to pull the rug out from under John; there would be no possibility of a pleasant resolution until Sherlock made it rather plain that even his own jagged edges could be smoothed.
: That must have been difficult, and I’m very sorry to hear that. It must have been a challenge for you to assimilate back into civilian life, given what I know of the military.
Once they’re seated comfortably, Sherlock whips out his phone and addresses the very-obvious rhetorical question, because he can, because this is it, the beginning of a rapport. “It does help to be tall.”
John’s mouth jumps in a delighted half smile and he bends down, touching Sherlock’s nose with his own.
he types and then adds a little
want?”
Sherlock rolls his eyes, steps back into John’s personal space, and cups John’s elbows with his palms. He is so warm. “Stop stalling, you know they aren’t,” Sherlock whispers in earnest, and leans in to kiss the crest of John’s left cheekbone. “Go change into your frankly hideous pajamas and meet me in my room.”
,” Sherlock said with a smile, passing through to the kitchen. “Keeps an ever-watchful eye over the entire flat.”
no, just the notion of it sounds bleak. Can you even imagine how dreadful that would be? No, I like puzzles, I like solving puzzles. I’ve been known to, on occasion, investigate crimes and infidelities at the behest of paying clients. Perhaps that, perhaps…”
This isn’t the first time they’ve kissed and it’s not the fiftieth; this won’t even be the first time that John has peeled Sherlock out of his trousers and put his mouth on his prick. But this is the first time–carefully choreographed around landladies being absent and Rosie being away–they’ll make love, and in a proper bed.
Sherlock didn’t hesitate, didn’t for one moment doubt who the mocking little smiley was from. He growled aloud and brought the edge of his mobile to his lips while he sussed out what to do. He was becoming increasingly restless, waiting in his room for word from either Greg or John.
If Moriarty was headed back, they had little time to slip back out, unnoticed. Sherlock placed everything back as he found it and hurried back out into the living area, calling John’s name quietly. John popped his head out from around a corner, eyes wide at the urgency in Sherlock’s tone.
Sherlock chuckled, his diaphragm cringing at the movement. “My plan is to--and I can’t believe I’m saying this--is to do absolutely nothing because I… can’t. At the moment.” Even as he said it, Sherlock frowned. He wasn’t used to being sedentary and it would surely drive him slightly mad but there was nothing for it.
Sherlock generally never asked for help; he’d figure out difficult courses on his own and would defer only seldomly to the suggestions of his ski team. Lestrade was a different matter, however. He’d been skiing professionally for more years than Sherlock, and had captured more gold medals on the World Cup circuit than any Briton ever. Lestrade had a way of giving his advice in a “take it or leave it” fashion, which Sherlock appreciated.
“Oh, are we dispensing with the frivolities of asking after one another’s well being now? Spectacular, because I’m here glancing down at a tabloid newspaper, you see-”
He stepped off, legs feeling a bit rubbery, and moved to the free weights, the metallic clacking and clinking of the barbells ringing through the large space. Sherlock found a spotter and lay down on the bench, grinding out rep after rep to the casual encouragements of the man behind him. His eyes focused on the ceiling and the spectre of Moriarty floated through his mind; he ousted it with a grunt and a shove of the bars upward.
The only thing that is in Guest’s next email is,
He pockets his notebook and spares her a glance over his shoulder. “Is it?”
“Stop thinking,” Sherlock mutters as he finishes off the last of his scotch. “Stop…wondering. It’s pointless.”
“Will it?”
She goes to right her ponytail, realizes that she still has her gloves on and sighs. “John? No. He was in at half six this morning working through the backlog so I made him leave early.” Molly pulls off the latex covering her hands with the precision of someone who is incredibly used to performing a task. “Hard worker, that one. Bless Mike for sending him along, really.”
“I know,” John said back, just as quietly.
John is already seated when Sherlock arrives, making it impossible for him to explain about Angelo. He stands out on the pavement, just on the curb, and watches John fiddle with the complimentary breadsticks; he puts one on his plate, brings his hands to his lip and then brings his hands back to the breadstick and breaks it in half.
“Sherlock--”
The grin that spread across John’s face was as much prideful as it was predatory. “Kick arse tomorrow, yeah?”
The call came early the next morning, just as Sherlock was shifting from his back to his side, deep asleep. He cracked one eye open with some difficulty and flung his arm out for his phone, peering down at the screen as though it had personally wronged him.
Sherlock slinked carefully towards the hotel, ducking down the back alleys in order to avoid the press who were lurking about and looking for a soundbite.
,” John repeats and picks up the pace, infinitesimally. He shudders, tugs his knees in tighter as Sherlock’s legs squeeze at his sides. It’s difficult like this, but they can see one another, right down to the marrow of the others’ bones. They can see.
Sherlock did as asked without another word, bringing John around the back of the villa using the least conspicuous path, the two of them moving together flawlessly, seamlessly. Their biceps were pressed tightly together as they made their way around the side of the building, and after John ducked around to ensure they were indeed alone, they made their way up the back steps.
John huffs out a little laugh through his nose. “Should I be?”
“We agreed two, two hours.” There’s no room for argument; John’s tone makes that very clear.
“Alright?” he asks, voice deep and quiet.
He looked through the drawers and the wardrobe and the cupboard, finding nothing but neatly hung and folded items of clothing. There was an extra pair of ski boots lined against a wall that, after close inspection, turned out to be completely normal.
than skiing. My updates were sporadic and oddly-timed.
The room is slowly filling but the speaker doesn’t appear to be present, so John checks his email. He’s not sure why he’s not surprised, not sure why he breathes a sigh of relief when he sees that there is one from Guest.
There’s a burning in the pit of his stomach now, and aftershocks of regret thrill through him, making him feel entirely foreign. He’s never had this problem in the past, not really. He’s never considered anyone’s feelings before. It’s...well, if he’s being honest, it’s rather a horrid feeling.
It’s a short ride to the seventh floor, and an even shorter walk through the bullpen to Lestrade’s office. Just as predicted, someone chimes in, before they’ve made it inside the sleek, glass vestibule of the detective inspector’s office.
No chance of contamination.
Sherlock smiles down into the bed and perks his arse up. “Yesssssss.”
His fellow Olympians usually took this as an opportunity to socialize, capture the moment in tweets and photographs which they then shared with the world, only to be glorified by the media. It was expected of them. After being asked on The Today Show why he didn’t have a twitter account, he called the idea pointless, needless dawdling and “rather trite, don’t you agree?” Following that exchange, the press had laid off of Sherlock on the social media front.
After making certain there was no one to see him, he made his way stealthily around to the back. There was no basement to the structure, so Sherlock rushed silently up the back steps and tried the door. It rattled weakly but didn’t give, so he went around to the windows he could reach and tried at each one. The construction was bizarre, some windows obviously different models than the others, but none of them gave way under his ministrations. Sherlock cursed himself for not thinking ahead and bringing something to try to pry the windows open with.
“How- okay, first of all, I didn’t assume anything. The junior DI-you know what, no.” Lestrade begins, pinches the bridge of his nose and lowers his voice. “How did you know about the staples with all that… that gore?”
Wrung out from the inside, the tremors wrack through him at an alarming intensity; for a brief moment a buzzing thought that he might pass out crosses his mind. He twitches hard, feels almost as though he might come again and moans pitifully at the overstimulation.
The chilly wind whips at him as he meanders the rest of the way to the restaurant, a strange sort of calm having overtaken him. Sherlock places an order and then relaxes back into his seat, content for a moment to just bask in the comfort and strength of his relationship with John, in what he feels. They’re unstoppable, effervescent, incredible together.
“And play?”
John grinned and nearly jumped out of Sherlock’s lap and moved towards the kitchen, snapping up his duffel bag on the way. Sherlock admired his retreating form and after pressing his hand to his erection to rearrange it a bit, tamed the fire for the evening. Then he followed in John’s footsteps, shutting the lights as he went, locking up, ensuring that they wouldn’t be disturbed.
“I don’t miss that,” Gus says, pulling his own phone out of his pocket.
It’s uncomfortable for a time and the bartender drops off another glass of red and retreats hastily. “I…” he begins, pausing to swallow down the ball of anxiety that’s lodged in his throat; he works his jaw back and forth, searching for the words, pushing past the awkwardness that he feels in discussing any of this with Molly. “He’s… intelligent. Can’t type worth a damn and perhaps shares too much with a stranger on the internet but… it’s strange.”
It was a strange miasma of indecisiveness. It felt foreign, even the notion of being inside the building and not being in the B flat, but the conversion made sense. Rosie was growing like a weed, and it wouldn’t be long before they would have outstayed the welcome that Sherlock had extended. Still, even being just down the steps from Sherlock felt somehow wrong, in a way that being clear across London never had. When John was in Baker Street, John should only be scant feet away from Sherlock Holmes.
The entire walk back to Baker Street, Sherlock turns the details of the case over in his mind, binning the needless effluvia in the skip round back of his mind palace. Everything else he tucks neatly away.
Molly nods, smiles, perches a hand on her hip. “Well, I’m the one who makes the selections and then it just has to go to the board to be approved, but that’s never been a problem with any of the others.”
“How else was I supposed to act?”
They write nearly every day until Sherlock gets wrapped up in a nine of a case, winds up catching a murderer just south of Croydon and then sleeps at a hotel there for an entire day before making it back to Baker Street.
“One nice thing about all this,” John utters, sleepily. “Never need to struggle to remember where or when we met.”
Sherlock types,
Pride puffs in his chest at disarming John so fully. When he begins to move, it’s with languid pulls, the flat of his tongue tracing around the thick vein on the underside of John’s prick. His head bobs gently as he increases the pressure around the crown of John’s full cock, suckling as John tries to hold back his keens.
John cleared his throat and glanced down at his shoes. “That break ins are common in Sochi, that… that it would be a shame if anyone were to get inside of the Marin Suites,
: I’ve no right to ask this of you, but I hope that upon meeting me you’ll spare a moment to let me explain myself.
: Then, I’ll see you in a week
This isn’t a feeling he’s ever experienced before.
“Tequila? After all of this medication?”
Sherlock turned the idea over in his head for a few long beats before he shrugged and settled back against a throw pillow. He glances down at their knuckles slotted alongside one another and sighed in concession. “He isn’t a complete moron; you’re likely correct.”
Their buses were miraculously still waiting for them at the airport although they’d landed nearly three hours late. By the time Sherlock stepped off of the plane he was a ball of antagonistic energy, doing his best to put off anyone who dared speak to him. He gathered his luggage and tore the customs tags from the case, weaving through those still waiting to pick up their luggage. He entrusted all of his equipment to his ski team and didn’t bother to wait around to speak with them.
John’s other hand came around to grip at Sherlock’s forearm, holding them flush against one another.
“One second,” Lestrade says and clamps his palm over the receiver. “Jesus Christ, can you not? Please?” He tosses a pen at Sherlock for good measure and returns to his call, and Sherlock evades the projectile easily.
John chuckles and sips his coffee, waits for the inevitable question about his own personal life. Is he seeing anyone? If so, is it serious? Is he interested in dating? What’s he looking for? John’s hands curls into a fist against his thigh as his leg gives a sudden twinge of pain. How is he going to muddle his way through life, now? Can he even
He rolls from bed, stretches, and decides on a whim to don his running clothes and go for a jog, an indulgence he's been unable to entertain until presently. John doesn’t plan it, just grabs his keys and phone and heads out into the surprisingly bright London day, thrilled that he apparently no longer needs his walking stick to keep himself upright.
“Why?” John asks.
It was preposterous. Moriarty was a perfectly fine skier, but his technique left much to be desired. It was simply puzzling how he managed to pull such fast times. The media and the skiing elite had marveled at him; he was someone who had started skiing relatively late in his teens, making his meteoric rise even more sensational.
“The pair of us,” Sherlock chuckled.
Lestrade
Sherlock said nothing for a moment, lips pressed together into a tight line as he finished securing the bright teal tape down below his right patella. “I would ask if I could help you, Moriarty, but I’m rather sure that I can’t.”
Lestrade smirked at him.
Sherlock made his way back, going through each room meticulously. There were four bedrooms, each clearly being used, though it took him until the very last to find any sign of Moriarty or Moran. There were water glasses on both night stands, a men’s watch on the right hand stand and one on the left as well; so then, Moran and Moriarty were an item. Not surprising, but it went a long way to explaining why Moran was so vehement about keeping a close eye on the other man.
Upon arriving at his flat, he goes about his evening as planned: he checks the decomposition rate of the tongues and notes them in a spreadsheet. He drinks a pot of tea with too much sugar and tunes his violin, though he does not play it. Eventually Redbeard trots to the door and waits patiently with his leash in mouth for Sherlock to recognize that the dog requires his evening walk. When they return from St. James, Sherlock wanders the flat, aimless, though not bored.
of the murderer and it clicks with him. He can’t help but sound impressed when he speaks again. “The Camden Garrotter, you mean?”
Isn’t that
He awoke early and had a languid stretch, feeling each and every one of his muscles sing with the effort of it. Morning sunlight dappled the floor and bed, and from his position against the pillows Sherlock could see the sky, azure and beckoning. He felt his tongue give a little thrum and he could nearly taste it: the clear, crisp air of the mountain.
“Bad… fuck?” Sherlock hazards, “or good fuck?”
it’s there, know how to ski while you’re using it or… oopsie daisy!”
“Happy, happy, happy,” John returned.
Sherlock slept a dreamless sleep and awoke feeling heavy and sore, as though someone had attempted to extract the bones from his body right through his skin. Carefully, he turned onto his side and blinked his eyes open, focusing on the bedside clock. He’d been out for fifteen hours solid, though he still felt like he could use another month or so.
“He said it’s like I’m enjoying myself.” His forehead met the cool glass, his skin causing the window to fog around the point of contact.
It shouldn’t matter but it
to do and everything else simply became background noise.
“So,” Greg began, mock innocent. “New friend?”
“Up with you,” he says as he pets Redbeard’s head, jostling the dog as he gets up to retrieve his laptop. He returns to his seat on the sofa as he waits for the computer to boot up, immediately resolved to attempt to set things right.
Of course it had to be him, of course it did.
“You son of a bitch, you’re not going to get away with this.”
He heard the heavy sigh heaved on Lestrade’s end. “Sherlock-”
It’s almost as though the floor of the sitting room is shifting, contorting, transferring them into another dimension, where this conversation is the only thing, the most important thing, happening in the world at the moment.
“I’ll say,” John muttered, just loud enough for Sherlock to catch it as he ducked his head towards his pint glass. When John glanced back up from his beer, Sherlock was staring at him openly, considering.
It feels like it’s just a short while before they’re both pushing back, placing their napkins up on the table and pouring out the rest of the wine. “Well, that was…” John says, folding his hands atop the table.
John glances up and down the street, oddly buoyed by the message. To go to the veterinarian would imply that Guest owns an animal of some kind. The image of a solitary man or woman seated on a sofa with a cat in their lap comes to mind and John smiles at the image of it. He can’t help that he’s intrigued by Guest; Guest is so strange and yet seems intelligent--if a bit strange--and self-possessed. It couldn’t hurt to learn a bit more, and sending these emails actually helps John feel more connected to the world, in a strange way.
John aims for aloof, licks his lips and poses, “Date, I mean. We’ve got a candle, wine…”
. This shouldn’t be something he’s allowing himself to fall into.
There’s no doubt that Sherlock Holmes has a focused mind, having graduated Cambridge with an advanced degree in chemistry. Holmes began skiing at a very young age on a family trip to the Alps. His parents, both notable cross-country competitors in their time, didn’t want to force their son into the sport, instead letting a young Sherlock discover it on his own. It wasn’t long before he was complaining about the flatness of the cross country scene, and began asking for steep slopes.
John dragged his lips up the length of Sherlock’s cheek. “It’s all I can think about,” he said, voice taking on a dark, velvety quality. “Your strong thighs flush against my arse, your fingers inside of me, your mouth opening me, yeah, that’s what I want.” His teeth nibbled slowly over the lobe of Sherlock’s right ear before sucking deliberately. “Does that sound alright?”
“John Watson!”
and he was most certainly
“I’m sorry, the look on your face,” John intones with a cheek grin. “You knew I’d say yes, you had to have known that.”
like I do.”
“Oh yes, yes,” he said and tumbled forward a bit, his hand slipping on the knob before he stepped out into the living room. The sun had shifted behind the clouds and the room was cast in eerie shadow. Sherlock took one more look around before turning back and ensuring that the contents of the cupboard was just as they’d found it.
His team blinked up at him in quiet astonishment.
John gave him a half smile and fished out his credit card, just as Sherlock was doing his best to extract his wallet from his jacket. “Don’t worry about it, it’s on me.”
Moran blinked, plunked the toe of his boot back on the floor, the threat of being kicked in the face momentarily assuaged. Sherlock continued on, spoke earnestly and clearly. “It’s his bottom line that he cares about. You saw how easily he did away with Hanzu.You
John’s lips were tight when he cut Sherlock off: “What?”
John5NF’s answer doesn’t come for a few minutes; Sherlock reads through the case file once more before he has his answer.
“No, no I haven’t.” Sherlock said, very quietly. “You’ll be the first.”
Sherlock swallows again, wonders where all of his saliva has gone to. “Just?”
“It’s bigger than the flat!” John goggles, walking around a divider by the door. “Look at the damn bed!”
“We’ll see you tomorrow at Khutor,” John said and took Lestrade’s proffered hand when he turned back. They shook once, firmly.
I thought of you often... Christ, when was the last time anyone had said anything even remotely as, well, romantic, like that to him?
John pressed his lips together and let the silence linger for awhile longer before he nudged Sherlock’s elbow with his own. “What you did with me on the plane. Do it to them.”
John too rolled his eyes, and pointed at Sherlock’s face before the finger took a dive to indicate Sherlock’s stomach. “And I’m not going to remind you not to eat spicy food the entire time we’re there.”
“Ah, well.” Lestrade shrugs and  scratches at the back of his neck. “A bloke then?”
; nothing untoward happened.” And in that moment Sherlock wasn’t exactly certain why he was explaining himself to Mycroft; true, Mycroft had the power to clear up some of this nonsense before it spread, but at what cost? Would Sherlock have to suffer through more of these insipid phone calls during which we was not only berated but lectured? He swallowed his ire and and sighed, resolving to try and make it through at least this cursory conversation before lashing out at him and severing what little good will Mycroft was extending. Who knew, he might need it in the future, and he did so love having his brother owe him something.
Sherlock cuts in, so thrown by the display in front of him that there’s barely any heat in it. “Your observational skills are absolutely eons away from being adequate,” Sherlock chimes in, and is delighted when John turns, gives him a smile.
them perhaps more thoroughly than he had with Sherlock? Was he in his hotel room somewhere across the Olympic Village? Would he run into John again, and if he did, what would he say?
It’s…ridiculous.
to you.”
“Fuck I thought you were going to ask me to extend my trip here and you surprised the hell out of me, fuck.” John chuckles, pauses and then laughs again, shaking his head. “I mean, jesus,” he continues to laugh as the waitress comes with plates of meat and bowls of brothy noodles.
Had my hands in worse than pig semen, he reminds himself as he cracks open the beer. “Yeah, I do. So do it.”
Sherlock blinks, eyes focused on the sweet tilt of John’s mouth. “Well, it was a simple matter of surveillance video and an earring that was left at the scene.”
Christ, this was out of control.
The only way he’d be able to figure out anything would be to have a look at Moriarty’s equipment, and that was likely being kept under lock and key with one of his trainers, or possibly with Moran or in his room. Sherlock had picked locks before (and he was rather sure the security of the rooms here in Sochi wasn’t up to snuff) but how would he possibly
“Gotta say, I must have rewatched your race in the Sochi final, like, twenty times. That was amazing. And the first Brit to medal, how’d that feel?”
Sherlock could only describe the feeling welling inside his chest as elation; it tingled from the base of his skull right down to the tips of his toes and zinged back up, lingering to expand in his chest. It was a struggle to contain his glee as he made the obligatory rounds amongst the press, granting nearly every sports outlet quick little interviews.
him, and Sherlock would have John’s mobile number. He wouldn’t have to ask at all, would he?
here will kill you, because he’s so very good at that.” Moriarty looked over his shoulder and gave Moran a smile and a thumbs up. “And I… will go and ski for the gold.”
“Just like the old days,” John mentioned, the tone of his voice carefully neutral.
... “ John pointed at the photos from
“And then?” Sherlock asked, working his hands into the muscles of John’s upper back, careful to avoid any injured areas; John groaned and leaned into the touch and for a moment they just stood there in the middle of the bathroom, John with his trousers at his ankles and Sherlock massaging out the knots in his neck.
He runs his thumbs along the side of his mobile and attempts to begin again, but the dog hops up and rests his snout on Sherlock’s thigh. He drops a hand to Redbeard’s head and pets him briefly before scratching behind the ears.
Fingers tightening on the poles, he hunkered down, mind blissfully blank as he got as close to the gate pole as possible. There was one beep, then two, and then Sherlock exploded out of the gate. His legs felt as though they were on autopilot the second they hit the snow, shifting and conforming to the twist of Sherlock’s hips.
Leaning on his left hip, Sherlock slung his right leg over John’s, tangling them together as he grinned stupidly at the lush reactions he was pulling from John. Bringing his right palm to his mouth, Sherlock licked a wide stripe across the skin and then moved to take John’s cock in hand.
Sherlock wonders at it, while also getting tripped up by the reasoning behind it.
John steps in, enjoying the feel of the warm water enveloping his skin, and he maneuvers carefully to sitting and then to reclining.  The bomb hisses and bobs, coming to rest on his thigh, tickling.
Sherlock replies as he gulps down a glass of water.
The consulting detective work he’s been engaged in on the side has been incredible, and has given him a sense of purpose, of commitment, that perhaps, he thinks, he’ll dedicate more time to it upon their return to London. Not as a replacement for skiing, but as a sort of next step.
what he should do with John Watson. Sherlock hadn’t bothered to deduce anything about John’s sexual orientation--dull, boring, and pointless unless he could use the knowledge to his advantage--but he’ll surely make note of it the next time he sees the man.
Sherlock felt this mind go blank and he stared back up at the mountain he’d just conquered. “He…”
Sherlock’s eyes narrow in turn and they’re left staring at one another. It’s very nearly a standoff, until Molly puts her hand on her hip, torques her head and
Sherlock paced back and forth in front of the sitting room window. “Moriarty is doctoring athletes’ skis,” he said without preamble, meeting Lestrade’s gaze as the information sunk in. “We found a log book with monetary values and various elite and junior athletes’ names. We found the log in a lock box containing various compounds, all of which appeared to be wax. Moriarty doctored Hanzu’s skis, I’m
Instead there is a message from Guest waiting for him.
The tram stopped, announcing their arrival at the Village; John stood, slung his kit over his shoulder and made a gesture with his head towards the exit. “Then stop overthinking it, let’s go get food.”
It’s rounding half-nine and Sherlock notes the fact that in a little under thirty-six hours, he will be meeting John5NF just a short distance away. Sherlock lets Redbeard get a bit of a lead as he half-heartedly makes to snap at some much-faster birds, and his mind wanders.
Sherlock squeezed John’s hand lightly. “What was Barcelona, then?” he asked with a smirk.
The course is Sochi has been said to be one of not only immense difficulty but of immense danger. When I ask Holmes of his level of excitement he tells me only, “I’m ready.”
to be desired,” Sherlock hissed dangerously, leaning into Moriarty’s personal space. “Step aside.”
For a brief, split second, Sherlock felt sudden pang of fear race up his spine at the startling complexity of the course, but it was promptly forgotten as he hit another, smaller jump and was thrust into eight tight turns in a row, his hips pivoting perfectly as he strove to maintain his speed while also remaining between the blue lines.
He can’t really eat, not with the prospect of touching Sherlock’s skin on the very-near horizon. How can he do anything at all, anticipating peeling Sherlock out of his clothes, pressing their mouths together, taking Sherlock’s cock in hand?
Sherlock grinned down at John, pressing his body in as close as he was able. “The only place for Italian in this city, in my opinion.”
John huffs a little chuckle through his nose. “No, it’s all fine,” he replies and gestures with his chin towards a waitress who is rolling cutlery into napkins by the bar. “I like it.”
Redbeard is fully awake and engaged now, scootching over on the bed to settle his head in Sherlock’s lap. “I know,” Sherlock says to him, accusingly. “I’m a terrible human, keeping you up. You could always sleep in the sitting room, you know. Or perhaps that enormous and expensive dog bed that’s on the floor.”
They made it on wobbly legs to the sofa and Sherlock stretched out, one foot on the floor for leverage as John sat in the space between his legs, hands at hips and pectorals and biceps. Their lips met and slid and pressed and parted to leave room for hasty and delighted breaths. John was laid on Sherlock’s chest and seemed content to be there, propped up by an elbow as they exchanged their kisses easily.
Heat thudded in Sherlock’s veins, the desire rendering his thoughts thick and liquid. Testing his limits, Sherlock slid down as far as he was able, the smooth tip of John’s prick just bumping at his throat and he exhaled, slipping down impossibly further. The resulting gasp from John was worth the slight discomfort, and on the upstroke Sherlock sucked, hard. Pulling off, he kissed the tip lewdly, his mouth forming a plump little heart. It was all for John’s indulgence, the show Sherlock put on.
: alright yes, not like I’m counting ;-)
When John returned, toting bad news, Sherlock was asleep, folded awkwardly at the head of the bed.
John huffs out a chuckle, makes brief eye contact; they share a delighted, naughty smile. “Yeah, well, damned buttons barely cover… all of this.” His hands move about in front of Sherlock’s nearly nude chest.
“Yeah,” John clears his throat. “Uhm, yeah fine, good.”
Sherlock’s voice is cocky, and it rankles something within John. Sure, they’d had fun (an
“You tart,” Sherlock murmurs, shifting over onto his side, just as John does the same. It was the easiest thing, John’s palm covering Sherlock’s hand on the bed between them. “Don’t steal the covers.”
John5NF sends, later.
good,” John corrected, his interest piqued. He maneuvered beneath the sheets and crooked his elbow, resting his cheek on his upturned palm.
Sherlock swipes the pad of his thumb over the slit of John’s prick and John bucks, helpless to the too-bright sensations. Sherlock stills, presses lingering kisses to his temple and soothes him back to coherence.
“Yep, bye now,” John says, sounding bored, but
And although he hates buffets, Sherlock finds himself accompanying Molly, all the while wondering what else, if anything, John Watson had to say about spending time with him.
Sh grabbed his forearm to stop him from pulling away. “I just, he’s been alone for so
He skipped up the last few steps, following John, and tossed the door closed with finality. Once inside the flat, Sherlock shed his coat and hung John’s, watching while John glanced around the room. “Violin?” John asked as he came upon the case. “You play?”
Resisting the urge to bite his lip, he opens the mail, like ripping off a bandage.
Sherlock figured that neither one of them would come up with much without actually getting a look at the equipment but he found he was still disappointed. “There’s nothing for it, then, we’ll need to be putting your skills to work.”
Sherlock Holmes - usually so composed when he’s finished a race - who just managed to beat his first training run by another three-tenths of a second. Sherlock, you’re the front runner going into this final, and on a day when temperature on the mountain are much warmer than normal! Tell me, how did you prepare for Rosa Khutor this time?”
Sherlock sends that off and then leaps up from his bed, abandoning his mobile in favor of tracking down his laptop. He wants to see John5NF’s words larger, wants to be able to visualize their entire record of their volley of messages.
Phil presented him with some Rossignols, top of the line and not yet on the market, and Sherlock sat back to admire them. “They’re waxed?”
The reply reads slightly caustic, though John doesn’t have much interaction to go on. If the way they spoke via direct message was any indication, this person doesn’t seem to have much patience for anyone. John’s mouth twists as he closes out of the email; he’s not sure what help he’s been just confirming someone’s suspicions, but it had felt… good. It had felt good just being consulted about something. Why Guest wanted his input, John is still wary about, but he decides that his mantra for this interaction is,
But as he stood in front of the symbol of the Games, he felt something shift minutely within him. He traced a finger over the flag on his sleeve and there was a pang of something in his chest, something light and delicate, and Sherlock tore his eyes away from the elaborate architectural swoop, shoved the feeling aside and continued on across the park, hands pushed deep into the pockets of his parka.
“Oh, that was quick.”
No, he’d never be able to perform surgery again, but cadavers, he’d be able to handle that. If his cuts weren’t completely and utterly precise, there really wasn’t much harm done. Beyond making a passable Y-incision, it was mostly simply determining cause of death. As one of the only field medics in his unit, John had been a jack of all trades. He’d done autopsies before; he found them quite easy. Skillwise, he knows he would be up to the task, it just didn’t sound too exciting.
, that it’s not just work, but that you’re
John returns his attention to the cover:Sherlock in the deerstalker splashed across it. “Still… seven times…” John shrugs, leaves the paper out on the cushion beside him and moves on.
“Do it?” Sherlock asks innocently, and it strikes John just how ridiculous he looks, all mad scientist, goggle atop his head, rubber apron tied around his waist.
With a little chuckle, John fell back onto the bed, levering himself up on his elbows and watching as Sherlock neatly shed his own clothes. He took care undressing, undoing cuffs and buckles easily and fluidly, folding and draping his clothing properly so as not to cause any undue wrinkles. He made a show of it, walking to the cupboard to hang up his trousers; he knew that John loved to watch the muscles of his back and arse move and thus he gave him a bit of a show, bending perhaps a bit too far while opening the door.
Sherlock considered; he didn’t need coaching anymore, but sometimes Lestrade’s blunt words were just what he needed to hear. “Go.”
It feels entirely phony to him.
,” Sherlock confirmed gravely, knowing that he and John were on the same page. Moriarty had gotten to Holsinger’s skis thinking that they were Sherlock’s, of course he had.
“Mmm,” Sherlock hums, snuggling into John’s body, “Cake. I want cake.”
He cursed himself internally for letting it get this far, for letting himself care as much about John as he did, and in such a short amount of time. He was stupid, he was foolish, this was all his fault, and it was up to him to get them out of the predicament. “Do you want?” he lamely finished.
Sherlock nodded as they walked in the opposite direction of the elevators, towards John’s room. “Yes, the course is… was… unexpected.”
“Tube’s this way,” John says, thumb pointing to his right and Sherlock simply shakes his head–both to clear it and also register disapproval–steps to the kerb and tosses out a hand. It’s only a moment or two before a black cab pulls up in front of them.
It occurs to him, moments later, that this is perhaps
John finishes and sends the email off into the ether.
But all of that said, for those that stuck with me through every update and to those of you who have waited until this was finished to begin, thank you so much for even bothering to take the time. Thank you, really, from the bottom of my heart for wanting to read a single word of anything I've ever written, ever.
They haven’t even glanced at the menus, and when their waitress introduces herself, Sherlock asks for a few more moments, but orders a bottle of wine, seemingly off-the-cuff.
He was alive.
“Please, you’re so haughty and rude and… and… superior, you’ve ranked your cases.” His voice doesn’t waver–
Sherlock spends the remainder of the day reorganizing his notes on all jumpers, and begins putting his observations into a document that he decides he may put on his blog. He picks at carry-out fish and chips and types with one hand, abandoning his food to absentmindedly tug at the rawhide that Redbeard brings to him. He leaves his laptop only to take the dog for his evening walk and to feed him.
Lestrade hangs up and gestures, resigned, to the one of the empty chairs in front of his desk. “The neighbor, the dog groomer and, well, the daughter, of course,” Sherlock says as he secures his coat around himself and plunks down. “You’ll want to check with all of them.”
continued to amaze him.
Insurance had paid Mrs. Hudson quite handsomely after the incident with the explosion–supplemented, of course, by Mycroft–and it had been Sherlock who suggested finally converting the garden-level flat into a livable space. The insurance payout coupled with the short sale of John’s flat outside the city had left them enough to finance a hefty renovation, with enough leftover to take care of most of John’s past debts.
: Well, that was a bit of a humble brag
“I’m sure it’s fine. It’s all fine,” John said softly and turned back to the window. “Wonderful view.”
John whispers, “Okay?”
Sherlock barks out a laugh. “Yes. Okay.”
“I’m not,” Sherlock says, an edge to his voice.
John licks his lips, shifts back against the bench and asks, “Excuse me?”
“Perfect,” John murmurs into his cleft as he pulls Sherlock apart and licks a hot stripe from his perineum to his tailbone and then kisses his way back.
“Are you too vapid to know what
“Tell me about your best one, then.”
John goggles from Molly to the doors, wondering what he could possibly need with tongues. He feels the anger bubbling in his gut and mutters under his breath, “That man must be mad.” He takes up his own chart once more and whispers, in addendum, “And John Watson isn’t a fucking boring name, knobhead.”
“Nice work,” John intoned, pulling up at his side, straightening the media lanyard around his neck. “Maybe could have chosen a better word to tell someone to fuck off than ‘bugger,’ but nice, all same.”
Frustrated and a bit raw and tired from the sheer load of emotions he’s experienced over the past day, he slams his laptop closed. For a bit he wanders the kitchen, attempting to decide which one of his experiments requires attention, but eventually he gives up and retreats to his bedroom.
Sherlock comes with his head tilted back and mouth open in a silent scream. It’s almost violent, the snapping of his body, as he nearly sits up with the force of his orgasm, come striping up his chest, to his own neck and chin. John watches, transfixed, as Sherlock edges away, falls back, greedily sucks in a few gulps of air. Only when he stills completely does John move his hand away.
Sherlock hasn’t been able to mask his emotions as well as he had before he took the tumble off of Bart’s. He’s more human, more raw. He allows himself to speak of things that he never had before -- family, friends, death, his addiction. It’s not that he’s an entirely different person, but he is shedding some of the carefully-suited armor he’d developed over the years. The exoskeleton of indifference and indestructibility has been flaking away.
He expected it to be Lestrade, falling into his old habit of asking him about his training plans for the morning, but was very pleased to discover it was from John.
His curls bounce as he physically shakes himself out of his daze. “Sorry, I,
“A bomb?”
“Quite.” In that moment Sherlock could
Molly was the first to stumble her way up to him, slinging an arm around his waist and steering him in the direction of their booth. “Can you drink? Are you… allowed to drink? Oh god, am I hurting you?” She released him and then looked up at him, blinked and burst into tears.
There were tittered of agreement before the same tech continued on. “You’re a bit of a mad bastard and sometimes it seems you’ve got a death wish but yeah, yeah, it’s been a fucking ball.”
To Sherlock’s left, Greg grunted his agreement.
Dramatically, he pitches himself still-clothed, face-down on the bed and groans. “Idiot,” he says before rolling onto his back and kicking off his shoes. “You idiot,” he says once more and wrangles the blankets around himself, resolving to wallow in his own inability to deduce that it was John in the first place.
he reminds himself-jitters, spends another twenty minutes ensuring that his hair is just
“I’m aware,” Sherlock says in return. “I want to.”
They pulled up in front of room 517 and John slid his mercifully functional keycard through the reader and pressed the door open. “Let’s get you some anti-inflammatories, yeah? See about calling the front desk and I’ll get my kit.”
good for the purposes of fucking,” John said dreamily.
“Congratulations, gentlemen,” the woman said kindly as Sherlock and the other two medalists where lined up, just a few feet away from the Olympic podium. Sherlock stood silent and ramrod-straight--surprised not that he was taking it all in but that he was becoming sentimental over it--and waited for the processional to begin. He’d been lined up just like this many times before, but he’d never been in the middle of the three. He’d never been poised to take the gold level on the podium.
The last bit garnered a round of chuckles from those surrounding him. “But I know I haven’t made it easy for you over the years and I… very much appreciate every bit of your work, your attention to detail, your loyalty and your professionalism. I would say--though I may be biased--that I have been privileged to work with the best team in all of downhill racing, and I thank you.”
“I’d like very much, if you’re up for it.”
Sherlock smirks. “It makes sense?”
“What?”
Sherlock rolls his eyes and points at John’s left pectoral with his pen. “Your name badge.”
“Come, then,” John pulled off to mention, almost casually, and then allowed the head of Sherlock’s cock to rest in the cup of his tongue as he jerked him exquisitely. Sherlock managed to peek an eye open and took in John, mouth quirked in a half-smile, slipping his hands over Sherlock’s skin, trying to make him come.
Writing with John has brought him so remarkably out of his comfort zone while simultaneously making him… happy.
And Sherlock releases a guffaw of a laugh, both at Molly’s boldness and John’s apparent hesitation to take him there.
The knocks come crisply—three raps and then a long span of quiet. Slumping down further, John makes every effort to ignore the intrusion and relaxes as best he can in the less-than-ideal space available. If he doesn’t move, maybe he’ll be left in peace. There’s a brief respite of silence and then, again, three more raps on the door, in faster succession this time, followed by, “John, it’s been an hour, how can you possibly—”
He thinks on that for a moment, how Sherlock came to identify a murderer, and the
He folded his arms across his chest, as though he could ward off the offending noise, and wedged his head back into the small space between the seat and the wall, allowing his eyes to roll back as his lids closed. He wouldn’t settle in just yet, as he would have to reset after the take off, but he could begin a bit of mental organization.
“Today is arms day?” John opened, leaning an elbow on the cool metal of the equipment.
It was startling, how crystal clear his mind went in the moment.
They make their way down the gravel lane, unhurried, the knowledge of what they both hope to take place tonight causing them to slip into their own thoughts. The side of Sherlock’s hand bumps John’s once, and again. The next time it happens, Sherlock’s pinky finger hooks around John’s and holds.
And with that, Moriarty--whistling to himself--disappeared from the room.
John laughed and stood, levering the screen of his laptop closed. “How do you even manage sleeping in that position?”
Sherlock sinks into the recesses of his mind, mulling each athlete over when he’s snapped out of his thoughts by a palm clapping him in the middle of his back.
“I do,” John confirmed, quiet but sure. “Quite a lot, actually.”
In the early hours of the morning he gets up and grabs his laptop, bringing it back to bed with him. John gets beneath the covers and makes sure he’s comfortable before booting up and logging on. He feels decadent, browsing the internet like this. He goes through the usual rigamarole of deleting spam and then opens a reply message from Molly.
His thumbs are poised over the keypad and a moment later he finds himself tapping the reply button.
“God, yes, slow,” he begs. The words sound like they’re being dragged through honey.
“Oh,” came his sigh, and John’s eyes slipped shut, mouth falling open in something like awe.
“Lamp, Greg,” Sherlock called brokenly and Greg snapped to attention, looking from Sherlock to the tabletop lamp which he snatched up with a shaky hand and it brought it down hard on Moran’s head. The lamp didn’t shatter but instead hit skin and bone with a dull thud and then thunked over to the side, the bulb flickering out as it rolled as far as its cord allowed.
Sherlock swallowed audibly and couldn’t think of a thing to say; he felt hollowed out and cold, as though there was static pressing him on all side. His mind raced into overdrive, attempting to think of a way out of all of this.
John, Sherlock is coming to realize, is every bit the normal London bloke on the outside. He’s very clever at wielding his disguise. His everyman demeanor obfuscates his sharp wit, his intelligence, his craving for danger. There are surely layers deeper, layers buried further, that make up the foundation of John Watson and Sherlock very desperately wishes to discover them.
John texts him at six o’clock, just around the time that Sherlock begins to fret that he’s the one being “stood up”:
“You told me your name was William.” John says, once Molly is out of earshot. Sherlock switches his tiny smile to the other side of his mouth and takes a step over to the nearest occupied gurney.
Tomorrow is a new day, one that will now be the demarcation of the time between before and after he and Sherlock finally made love; they’ll interview a suspect, they’ll solve the case (God willing) and they’ll return to their life, together.
Lestrade blanched immediately, freezing with his pint halfway to the tabletop; and there it was, the split second of attempting to veil his true desires, and Sherlock knew he could hone in easily for the kill. He shifted from foot to foot and glanced away from Sherlock, uncomfortable, aware he was about to be flayed open.
Then John is dissolving into laughter, shaking his head as he wraps his palm around the meat of his thigh and gives it a squeeze. “Huh.”
“Jesus, give a man a minute!”
Sherlock swallows, looking gangly and out of place before John; his eyes have gone wide and wet—wet?—and he seems a bit lost. “I don’t like seeing you hurt, John,” he says, his voice low and rumbling.
“That will suit just fine,” John confirmed. “See you tonight then.”
A feeling of awkwardness overcomes him. Sherlock has seen him naked before. Sherlock has seen him in situations that are far worse than seeing him naked, but now, after seeing Sherlock’s eyes, the guilt there… John feels different. John feels that taking off his clothes is different now than it would have been before. Sherlock’s seen his skin, the whole of it, probably, but now it’s… more.
Sherlock’s voice has an edge to it, something close to anger, “No, John—”
“Well yeah, we’re all complete idiots,” John joked, good naturedly. He didn’t seem to be offended by Sherlock’s obvious barb; wasn’t
“You okay?” he asks quietly, as though not to disturb the darkness.
Sherlock and John shared a charged look. “And you didn’t think to mention that,” Sherlock ground out, turning his attention to his left, “at any time before now?”
With the water halfway to his tray, Sherlock paused. “You really think so?”
John is seated on the floor, his back against the new, stiff leather sofa. There’s a pillow beneath his behind, his legs spread out into a vee before him, a cardboard box resting between. His head low, he rifles through the contents, pulling a file here, a stack of disorganized paper there.
Sherlock considered; it wasn’t an overt threat, but it was certainly a possibility that Moran knew more than his veiled threat was letting on. He did, after all, know the exact suite in which Sherlock was staying. He bit at his lip and thought; even if Moran had an
The casual pounding of water on water lulls him for some time, before he perks up and turns, Sherlock behind him, two robes draped over his arm. They share a quiet smile; John feels his heart bursting. “Did you—”
John’s body shakes with a silent laugh and he shrugs a bit. “To be fair, I did nearly tell you to piss off the first go round.”
He’s a husk, a shell, a forgotten remnant.
There’s a shaky slowness to his movements, intention covered in velvet, without hurry. Sherlock appreciates it, loves having John this close, able to hear every sip and hiccough of breath that comes out of him.
“Mmm, she’s gay,” John confirms aloud and watches for Sherlock’s reaction. “Still, brilliant deduction, my sister
I'd intended to post this during the Winter Olympics, but life got in the way. My thanks to my darling
Sherlock swallows. “I knew no such thing. I’ve nothing to glean data from.” He reaches primly forward, just so his hands will stop shivering in his lap. “That’s not a yes, by the way.”
“Hmmm,” Sherlock hummed and glanced away from both of the men and up towards the television at the bar. His gaze cut briefly to John’s face, still open and smiling and happy, before settling resolutely on the television.
“Mmm, yes.”
They’ve gotten eons better at talking, but there’s no truly smooth way to say any of it. They’ve been in love with one another so long that John thinks that maybe this is even more intimate than the sex–sex that he hopes will come sooner rather than later–but sleeping together was something completely different.
“I’m sorry,” John croaked and Sherlock immediately torqued his neck, trying to catch a glimpse of his face.
It had been some time since Sherlock had done something like this but he fell into it easily, experimenting with pace and pressure briefly before finding a rhythm that had John panting out incoherent words into the air between them. He smeared kisses against John’s mouth, their tongues sliding messily. John’s hand came up to twine in Sherlock’s hair, holding Sherlock’s mouth to his own as Sherlock stroked his prick with precision.
Sherlock licks his lips, tilts his head and asks, “Or what?”
Sherlock shifted his skis against the snow beneath him just a bit and tested the resistance.
Sherlock feels a shiver of anticipation run down his spine and he tosses on his coat before he remembers he needs to feed Redbeard. He’s getting ahead of himself, he realizes, too excited about the prospect of going to dinner with John. Once he’s filled the dog’s bowl, he washes his hands, retreats to his bedroom to apply just a touch of his seldom-used but preferred cologne.
“‘Course,” John’s hands settle on his stomach before thinking better of it; his left hand reaches over to clasp Sherlock, high up on his thigh. “You ‘right?”
Sherlock cuts off the sharply-dressed Al-Jazeera reporter with a flick of his hand.
His face morphs from shock to a scowl when he sees the man from the bench, grinning at him and primly pulling off his leather gloves. “You-” John begins but is interrupted by Molly.
“Christ, how long have you been out here?”
Sherlock makes it back to Baker Street and takes Redbeard for a jog before John responds.
John leans back against his booth and takes a sip of his water. “I know that story,” he mentions, good-naturedly, but a touch annoyed. Sherlock glances back at him at that, and they both share a half smile. The moment holds, just the two of them gazing at one another.
It was, in his opinion, all rather tedious, so he did his level best to ignore the constant prying into his personal life. Besides, beyond skiing there honestly wasn’t much to wonder about. He lived alone in a modest home in Lake Tahoe when he was training, and when he wasn’t, he could be found in his flat in central London putting his degree in chemistry to odd use, experimenting with whatever struck his fancy, causing his landlady all number of issues. His fans found his pastime “charming,” while he found his fans’ interest in him nothing but an annoyance.
Sherlock swallowed and considered. He knew he shouldn’t keep John, but he wanted to so desperately, wanted to believe that he could have everything with John. But his pride, his insatiable urge to be the best, the brightest, an unstoppable force, would ruin them eventually. His ego would destroy them. Yet the thought of letting this go, of letting this free was almost as unthinkable. The sentiment tore at him as he imagined turning John away and a wave of sadness overcame him.
Sherlock ground his teeth and attempted to remain civil. “Again, I can’t make any comments regarding James Moriarty.”
Molly takes that as her cue to shuffle over and present Sherlock with a bright orange biohazard container encased in a thick, clear, plastic bag. “Uhm, I could only manage two, as there were two John Doe bodies for cremation, and they’re not… well, they’re not the freshest but-”
“What does it say about NBC that they’re pulling
don’t like to have fun doesn’t mean you’re better than I am, or any of us. And don’t pretend like you didn’t have fun last night, you did, you’re just somehow not…”
and he was obviously intending on using that knowledge against Sherlock.
Before he left the athletic complex he opted for a massage that targeted his back and thighs, his two most problematic spots after a hard race. While on the table he again did his best to force all thought from his mind and sank into the sensation of the hands working at him. He drifted as he became more and more relaxed, dozing off to the low and calming music being piped in through the speakers.
“Oh,” Moriarty cried, high-pitched and mocking, holding his hands up in a defensive posture. “Is this your protector Sherlock? Brought him along because you were afraid of something? Of me?” The hut had once again gone silent, Moriarty spinning around, palms up in the center of the large space. “You’re both so adorable. Sherlock, you have
It was at that moment that the announcer called for the first skier to prepare to get to the gate, and the Norwegians, first and second on the list, began strapping their skies on. Sherlock watched for a moment, feeling a slight flurry of nerves pass through his stomach before turning his attention back to Lestrade. “We had dinner last night, that was… just dinner.”
Two men; one, reaching for the other’s hand while the other bats it playfully away before snatching it up, kissing the knuckles. It’s such a private moment that he’s seeing, it feels voyeuristic, but it’s fantastically beautiful.
“Why do you care? I thought you found me to be…” and he can’t find the word for it, feels ridiculous for having to trail off.
And so they strolled along much as they had the night previous, Sherlock allowing John to steer them through the crowds. Sherlock was stopped twice by well-meaning passersby, wishing him luck and asking for a photograph. John stood back with a smile each time, graciously accepting the camera and snapping the shot, holding his chuckles for after the people had retreated.
John doesn't quite know what to say. He honestly hasn’t looked at all, fearful that he’ll either end up feeling like a failure because he can’t perform surgery anymore, or looking down his nose at the jobs he’s actually qualified for. “Oh,” he says instead. “You know, finding things here and there. I’ll have to find something soon. Can’t live in London on just the army pension.”
He ignores completely how his heart leaps to his throat at the sound.
idea of.
Sherlock’s eyes scanned the crowd of competitors, noting that the Norwegians were a man down and that the Swiss delegation had yet to arrive. The idea of Moriarty pricked the back of his mind, begging him to take note, but he shoved it away, slipping his fingers around the fastenings on his boots, going through his pre-ski checks as he always had.
“Jesus, okay, filing hair pulling away for later, then,” John says, and wrestles with Sherlock until he manages to get his hands on the flies of his trousers.
caught there’ll be consequences.”
“Yes,” Sherlock agreed flatly and hugged back, allowing Greg to support his weight momentarily as finally, the shock wore off and the sensation flooded over him. “Greg,” he said, croakily.
“Oh, yes, all of that too.” Moriarty waved his hand through the air as though the bribery was of no consequence. “Illicit substances do tend to fetch a lot of money on the black market. Imagine my
“Doesn’t it?” Sherlock’s eyes are clear and too close and beseeching. John realizes that it matters to Sherlock in a way that it has never mattered to him. Sexuality. John has been able to slip through life, bedding anyone who was open to him; Sherlock, on the other hand, has reserved this part of himself so steadily, that John doesn’t know what to think, or to say. It’s a conversation that they’ll have to unpack later, because he wants to know, wants to know it all. But there will be time for that later.
John tucks the covers up beneath his arms and stares up at the ceiling. He can hear the errant drip from the kitchen sink, notes the sounds of the flat settling from this new space. John listens closely to Sherlock’s breath, glances over and watches the sweet movements of his body in sleep.
He thinks for a time on John5NF and then his thoughts seamlessly transition to thoughts of John Watson. And how completely
,  before bringing his right hand to his heart as “God Save the Queen” began to play.
It’s… nice.
John wrapped up his tools and shoved them down into his pocket. “In,
Sherlock’s right hand tugs at John’s button-up and manages to pull it loose enough that his hand can slither beneath the material, warm palm slowly mapping the plane of John’s stomach. It feels delicious and indecent, more erogenous than he’s experienced before. Sherlock takes his time, pulling off to kiss at John’s jaw, his cheek, as his fingertips locate a nipple and gently scratch.
: Because there are seven billion people on the planet and we happened upon one another in a chat room, of all places. I certainly don’t believe in the rubbish that is “fated meetings” but it certainly wasn’t an accident. You’re fascinating and patient and kind. You’re intelligent and weren’t put off by my nature after our first interaction. You’ve helped me in my work to the point where I view your input as valued. I don’t meet many people who take to me, as I’ve said, but then, this isn’t just about me. I think I could be of service to you, as well.
