“There is,” she said and she giggled at Castiel confused expression. She wrapped her hand around his and tugged him back behind the house that had all of its lights turned off. “Its behind the house, stop freaking out.” Castiel scoffed, he was not freaking out; he was just questioning why there didn’t seem to be anybody at this so called party. Charlie pulled him around the corner of the farmhouse and he instantly knew why everything looked so dead. It was exactly as she had said, it was behind the house.
“That,” he could feel his face heating up as he stood up and brushed the dirt off of his pants, his erection deflating itself because they had stopped.
"Well still," Dean said as he looked towards Michael. The man was a monster, at least a foot taller than Dean, bigger shoulders, bigger legs, basically bigger everything. Dean got back into position and the game continued on like this. Dean would throw, or he would run when he didn't see anyone. Eventually the whistles were blowing through his ear and half time was marked.
“What are you doing here Dean?” He asked as he cocked a brow and stopped his movements, swaying back and forth slightly.
Dean took his spot on the sidelines next to Bobby and Castiel and he let out a sigh. He ran his fingers through his hair, his eyes wandering around the players out on the field. They all got into their positions and the quarterback crossed his arms over his chest. He pulled his helmet off and tucked it under his arm and he looked over when he heard Castiel cough. “So, all knowing of plays that the Angels could be playing. What do you think?”
So Castiel turned away from Dean without so much of a word. Just held his finger up to point at his ear, miming that he couldn’t hear a damn thing, and turned to head into the kitchen. Which was probably the only place in the entire frat that wasn’t being deafened by whatever was booming out of the speakers in the living room. The harsh drums still practically shook the walls, but the volume was easier to handle. Castiel made his way over to a little island that featured all of the booze and beer for the evening, and he took no time at all to grab and unscrew the Jack Daniel’s bottle he had become familiar with over the course of the night.
Winchester got down in his position behind Castiel and he slipped his hands between his legs. He licked his lips and let out a long sigh. “Blue 72,” he called and he looked down the right and left side of the field. “Blue 72.” The ball was snapped into Dean’s hand, and just as he was about to throw to Ash, there was a bulky Leviathan tackling him to the ground for a sack. Dean grunted and tried to control himself from the anger that flowed into him. When the whistles were blown and the Leviathan got off of him Dean was bristling. He went straight to Castiel, because this was the first time that Castiel had ever missed tackling someone. “What the fuck was that Novak?” Dean pushed Castiel, and in return the center shoved at Dean.
“That’s the thing with you Dean, you’re almost thirty five, joking about your life isn’t funny when you’ve got a liver that looks like a raisin,” Sam said and Dean let out a groan.
“Vomit, remember?” Castiel asked, as he still tasted it on his tongue. He doubted that Dean really wanted a taste of his own.
"Does that still hurt?" Dean asked, more concerned about Castiel's wrist than the game. "I mean, you did go to the doctor's right?" Castiel waved Dean off as they entered the locker room. "Cas, you can't have a bum wrist."
When he finally looked at Dean. Really looked at him. He think he understood Beth. This man. He was….. Well, Castiel wasn’t sure what he was. He just knew that he couldn’t look away. Normally that would be weird, and usually some rude comment was made. But there were no words spoken, and that was only because Dean was staring right back at him. Both of them looking at each other like they were trying to figure one another out.
“This is the first time,” he mumbled and Dean ran his fingers along the inside of the other’s thigh. “That its actually meant something to me.” Castiel looked up at Dean and he saw a soft smile form on his lips.
“Maybe you will,” and with that he turned and walked away from Sam, heading over to the checkout center so that he could call Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy his own for two weeks. He smiled at the librarian and slid the book across the counter. She cocked a brow at him and shook her head. Castiel smiled, she was probably thinking something along the line of kids today and their science fiction mumbo jumbo. Castiel had no problem whatsoever with her thinking that either. With all the movies that had come out in the past years he was surprised there hadn’t been a smile. Hell, Alien had just come out and Castiel thought it was one of the best things that he had ever seen. The scenery and quality had just been jaw dropping.
“Well I’m sure he’ll call you,” Charlie said with a warm smile, but Castiel knew that wasn’t going to happen. Castiel didn’t get a phone number till he had already moved, and Dean didn’t have a normal phone number to begin.
Dean slipped his hands around Castiel’s front and tugged at the button of Castiel’s jeans. His face had nuzzled itself against the other man’s neck and Castiel braced his hands against the counter. “Oh Dean,” he breathed and he rolled his hips back, pushing against Dean’s crotch. “Please.” His body was already burning with arousal and he just needed to feel Dean , they’d already fucked around today, but Castiel wanted to have more of Dean. He wanted to have all of him.
Balthazar shook his head. “It’s not silly,” he said, his hand reaching across the seat to tangle with Castiel. “It’s cute, just like you are.” Castiel felt his cheeks burn, and he squinted his eyes up at the sky.
“We’re just having fun,” he said and even then, it hurt to say the words. He was fine with it though, Castiel had to be fine with it. He couldn’t afford to not be fine with it. The Novak was leaving once summer was over and he wasn’t going to turn back. That was the plan. “We’re not dating or anything, just,” he looked over at Dean, seeing his somewhat shocked face. “Having fun.” Castiel walked away from the other, slipping into the passenger seat of the car and leaning back in. When Dean slipped into the other side his eyes were on Castiel’s for a moment before he looked away. Castiel couldn’t get comfortable, he had to keep telling himself that he couldn’t get used to this.
“Good job Dean,” Castiel said as he removed his wrist from Dean’s grasp. “We got about five yards, but next time throw. The angels have a good defense and I’m surprised you made it as far as you did.” Dean nodded and shook his entire body, his side still hurting from the elbow that impacted it.
“Really?” Castiel asked as he tore his helmet off, feeling somewhat furious at himself and starting to take it out on Dean. It wasn’t Dean’s fault he was thinking like this. It was because it was Dean’s stupid lips, and his stupid freckles. “Dean all we ever talk about it football. Name one conversation that didn’t focus on anything but that.” There was an edge to his voice and he watched as Dean’s entire expression changed into something that could only be described as hurt.
“I’m just getting a towel for our mess,” he said and was back a second later, making Castiel smile softly.
Castiel and Charlie arrived at the library when it was about full swing. People were coming in and out of it and Castiel was actually surprised by how many there were. He always thought that the town was small and barely had any people in it, but that wasn’t the case now that he saw people actually in one place. He smiled at Charlie when they walked in and she grasped his hand to tug him over to a section of books.
” Castiel attempted to stand fully again, but still kept his grip on the fence railing. He looked around the porch slowly, noticing that the small number of people he had seen before rushing out were gone. Most likely left the second Castiel lost it over the porch. Which meant that they were alone. Maybe not fully alone, but there was definitely no one close enough to them that could hear things he didn’t want people to hear.
Dean stood up as well, and he walked over to stand beside Bobby. He’d missed most of the conversation lost in his own thoughts, but he knew what he wanted to say. “We’ll just have to try harder next week. This is only one game. We’re not going to be out of the play offs just by losing one game. So we’ll work harder, we’ll practice our drills, and we will be ready against the Vampires next week. Don’t lose touch with what we’ve got going.” Dean looked at Castiel. “Don’t give up what we’ve got. It just needs some fixing and some adjustments.” He watched Castiel look away, arms across his chest. Maybe that was a good thing? Maybe they could work through this?
“Well Cas and I had a fight and I really don’t want to talk about it okay?” Dean said with a slightly raised voice, he watched Tessa’s expression change and he frowned. The Winchester shook his head and kissed her temple. “I’m sorry, I’ll see you after class yeah?” She nodded and walked into her classroom. Dean watched her walk and then headed to his own first period: Biology. He walked in, sat down at the lab table that was assigned to him and leaned back in his seat. Dean closed his eyes and tried his best to just drown out the feeling of Castiel’s lips. Why the hell were they so soft? They were almost like a girl’s beside the fact that Dean felt the slight prickle of the other boy’s stubble, the thinness of them also being odd compared to Tessa’s full lips.
Dean grabbed his guitar, palm sliding up the neck, fingers gliding past frets. His thumb struck a few strings, a smile widening. Almost perfectly tuned. Dean played a few more notes, turning the tuner mechanisms till it was in key. He hadn’t expected this, he hadn’t realized that he could even think of new notes and rhythms without some type of liquor in his body. Here he was though, and he was writing a song. He played a few notes, humming along as the words weren’t yet to him. But the music was there, and without much longer Dean was singing a few cords, working his fingers along the fret. After while of just playing, Dean started to hear the words. He grabbed his old leather note book that used to belong to his father, and he jotted down a few lyrics.
“What college?” He asked, and his voice sounded almost sad, but he covered it up with his gruff. Castiel smiled a little and crawled onto the bed. Dean shifted a little, sitting up and moving over to the small radio.
“No,” she said with a wrinkle of her nose. “God no I don’t dance.” Her hand slipped from Castiel’s and she lead them to the barn. “Sorry, but I’m sure your fine ass can find a partner.”
Balthazar had moved away from Dean just as shouting had emanated from farther away from them. Dean stood up and noticed refs were breaking up Castiel and Michael.
“You’re so whiny when you can’t see.” Dean chuckled again before finally placing the glasses in Castiel’s hand. Castiel rolled his eyes and slipped his glasses back on.
“Yours too,” he mumbled for the first time since Castiel felt his mouth around his cock. Castiel nodded obediently and his shirt was thrown to the back seat. Lips attached onto his neck and the blue eyed man felt his cock twitch against the other.
“Yeah, I’ll give you my notes tomorrow.” Dean walked off the field and instantly headed for his car. He’d shower off the sweat layering his skin at home.
“Oh fuck,” he moved with Dean, being pushed more and more against the counter as Dean’s thrusts became harder. “More Dean, oh fuck please.” His head lolled back and it knocked into Dean’s shoulder. Dean sucked on Castiel’s neck, teeth biting with every upward thrust. His pace increased and Castiel could feel himself climbing quickly. “More.” Dean had pulled out, or as far as he could so that his head was just barely in and he pushed up into Castiel as rough as he possibly could. Castiel whined and moaned, turning his head only slightly.
“That guy had no idea who you were,” Charlie said, a little surprised herself. “Not at all.” She blinked a few times with Dean, before she continued her question. Dean though, his mind was still on those emerald eyes, how they had no recognition in them at all. Dean thought he was internationally famous, and he at least figured he’d be big in the town he’s performing in, but apparently not. “Regardless, you’ve previous Manager, Alistair.” Dean swallowed thickly. He hated hearing that man’s name. What was he supposed to do though? Everyone who knew Dean knew about the terrible things that Alistair did to him. “In an interview he did for Newsweek last month, and in that interview-“
“Do you need to go to the bathroom and fix yourself?” He asked and Castiel looked down, finally feeling the come that was all round his cock and boxers. He blushed a bright red and nodded. Why the hell did Dean do this to him? Why did Castiel sometimes feel like a complete love crazed schoolgirl when Dean talked. He looked back over at Dean and fixed his glasses, eventually taking them off so that he could wipe them clean. His eyes squinted as he stared ahead and walked with Dean, trying to focus on the things in front of him.
As they approached the laughs got louder, the talking become more audible and Ash noticed their arrival.
Castiel Novak still hears the blood curling screams, even long after he's woken up from his drug induced haze. He can still feel the jungle mud on his skin, and can smell the burning flesh of his fellow soldiers. It takes him several shaking minutes before he realizes that he's in his apartment, and that the alarm he's hearing isn't from a base camp. It's from his alarm clock. He's home, Castiel just has to keep that in his mind. He's home and away from the damn jungle.
Castiel got down onto his knees slowly, his hands going to tug at Dean’s jeans, pulling them down. He leaned forward and started to mouth at Dean’s cock, loving the feeling of it twitch and react to his touch. Dean’s boxers were still on and a small moan filtered through the bathroom room as his hands went to tangle in Castiel’s raven hair. Castiel smiled and his hand slipped under Dean’s boxers, scaling up his thigh until he touched his cock, feeling it move against him.
“What do you mean? I was invited,” he retorted as he ripped Dean’s grasp away from him. Dean clenched his jaw and shook his head.
“If it does then it does, nothing special.” Castiel frowned. The rain was very special, it was the thunder and the rain that reminded him of the camper. Of the droplets hitting that little metal beauty. The sounds of Dean’s breathing next to his own. It was the most important thing to Castiel right now. He sighed and looked over to Balthazar.
Go by fast it did. Castiel was slipping from the car and he was stretching his back after a long and very quiet drive. Dean and him barely talked, and he hadn’t the slightest clue why. Every so often while he would be looking out the window he would hear Sam and Dean talking, about small things like the time for lake hours.
“I uh, I like having two different sources for my writing. I mean, sure, taping it is great, but at the same time I can put some things in my notes that the recording doesn’t get,” she said, which made Dean raise a brow. She knew that meant to continue with her explanation, so she showed him her note pad. Written across it in frantic writing was a few words. ‘Dean Winchester is close with his brother Sam.’ “The recording won’t say that to me when I go back in for review. It won’t tell me if you smile while you talk or if you’re actually answering with some sincerity. So the notes help as well.”
After a very long and quiet moment, sans their mutual panting, Dean finally lifted himself up from between Castiel’s legs and rolled over just enough to lay beside him. It took another handful of minutes before the reality of what they had just done settled in Castiel’s gut.
Dean couldn’t help but laugh as he watched his friend stumble about and try to look all big and bad. Meg laughed too along with Tessa and he sipped the Corona again.
“Well Clarence,” she said and Castiel immediately recognized her as Meg. The girl from the party that Castiel had flirted with to get Dean jealous. “I never thought I’d see you again.”
“So his blames his manager for the root of all of his problems,” Castiel said, after listening to Beth for what felt like forever. Even though in actuality it was probably more like five minutes. She nodded, but sighed.
The result though, was not what either of them expected. Dean laughed as he was pulled down because he completely knew it was going to happen. He let it happen though, his body colliding down with Castiel’s. As he was falling both of their eyes grew wide as their mouths smashed together resulting in a kiss. Dean’s arms were braced on either side of Castiel and the other boy’s hands going to rest on Dean’s hips. They stayed like this for a few seconds, their lips pressed together, little sparks of electricity coursing through them. Castiel eventually pushed forward though, his hands going to wrap around Dean’s waist, his fingers balling into fists with Dean’s flannel. He closed his eyes and Dean did as well, returning the kiss eagerly and moving his hand to cup Castiel’s cheek. Something rumbled up in both of their bodies while they were collided together, each of them let out a soft breathy moan and intertwining their tongues in perfect synchronization.
“My schedule got changed,” Castiel commented, not even looking at Dean, but instead studying his eyes on the board at the front of the classroom. “I have Biology first period, then English III, then Advanced Calculus.” He crossed his arms over his chest, clearly annoyed by Dean’s presence. Dean nodded in understanding then leaned back in his chair again.
“I completely agree with you,” Coach Singer chirped from beside Dean. “The kid is small, the Angels will eat him alive without warning.” Dean nodded in understanding and tapped his fingers against the face mask of his helmet.
“Oh shush it Meg,” Tessa said as she turned and looked at Castiel’s girlfriend. “Don’t you kiss Cassie in public?”
“Should I?” Castiel looked at her again, watching as she pulled up a flyer from underneath the counter. Beth handed it to him and he glanced down at it. “Okay, so he’s some singer. So?” Beth just rolled her eyes, and Castiel could feel he wasn’t going to wait any tables any time soon. Not when Beth learned that he didn’t know who this supposed Dean Winchester was. It wasn’t like Castiel was given the opportunity to learn about celebrities or anything of that nature. The only famous person he knew about was God, and maybe his son Jesus, but that was it.
“Oh fuck,” he moaned loudly and his entire body shook all over. Dean scissored his fingers and started to thrust them in and out of Castiel, pressing down on his prostate every so often. This time it did not take much for Castiel to be ready for a third finger. He started to rock back on the fingers and Dean had no trouble slipping another one, marking it up to three. Castiel was moaning and shaking, his hand reaching behind him to tangle itself in Dean’s hair. “Fuck.” He was panting, but he didn’t care, he didn’t care if he sounded like he was in some adult video. Anyone, and Castiel was sure about this, would sound like they were in one. Dean’s fingers felt magnificent in the other man, his other hand gripping Castiel’s hip roughly, lips attaching to any exposed skin he could find of Castiel. “Please Dean.” He was shaking uncontrollably and if Dean didn’t do anything soon Castiel would come without him. “Please I need to feel you.”
He should leave, because now Dean was walking towards him. Castiel glanced back to watch as the other man made his way over. It gave his slightly inebriated state the opportunity to fully drink Dean in, much to his obvious feelings of general distaste toward him.
“Well then I’m added to the list because he actually fucked me today.” Charlie’s eyes grew wide and she let out another loud laugh.
When the mess was cleaned, Dean and Castiel found themselves tangled in one another. Castiel was lying halfly on top of Dean, the other half pressed in a small crook of the camper wall and the bed. His head was rested against the tone chest of the rocker, and his fingers were idling running up and down his pectoral. “You have a lot of freckles,” he mumbled after a moment, fingers pressing into the small brown splotches all along his chest. “I mean, they’re like everywhere.”
“Right,” Dean muttered softly before backing off of Castiel completely. That was really the exact opposite of what he wanted right now, but they couldn’t continue when he still had that awful taste in his mouth.
“Fine, then they’re scientific pants,” he said and Castiel giggled. Dean walked away again, going to different customers, and Castiel was just about to ask to go to the break room before a girl sat down beside him.
“Me too,” he mumbled and slicked his fingers up, leaning down to press soft kisses against Castiel’s stomach, making the Novak croon and moan out for the other. A few moments later and Castiel felt Dean’s finger intruding, pressing up into him and bringing that mix of pain and pleasure along with it. He moaned softly, hands going to grasp at Dean’s shoulders, fingers digging in.
“Fuck,” he grunted and he tugged on Dean’s hair. The man’s mouth was magical. It was absolutely mesmerizing and Castiel knew he would never get enough of it. “Fuck baby.” Dean moved faster and sucked harder, causing Castiel to come too quickly. He gripped Dean’s hair and tugged on it as he bit a hole in his lip. His eyes fluttered as Dean swallowed him down and blood flowed into his mouth. When the other slipped off of him Castiel pulled him up to shove their lips together. Dean obliged as he tucked Castiel back into his pants and he tasted the blood.
“My brother will have a coffee and a bacon cheeseburger,” Sam responded, which caused Dean to realize that he and the kid had been staring at each other for several moments.
By the time that Dean was sliding four fingers into him, Castiel was gripping at his hair and attempting to kiss the life out of him.
Castiel chuckled and they were at it again, tongues slipping and sliding together, cocks rubbing against one another and getting stimulated by Green Eyes’ hand. Castiel’s entire body was trembling and shaking from the stimulation and eventually he couldn’t take it anymore. His back arched and his nails dug bluntly into Green Eyes’ back as he broke the kiss with a moan. “Fuck!” He came faster and harder than he had ever imagined possible and didn’t even realized that it was only a few strokes later before Green Eyes had climaxed as well.
“So am I bitch, doesn’t mean you can just push me,” he grumbled as he threw his corona deeper into the woods. Castiel glared at Dean and crossed his arms over his chest.
“I’m-” Castiel’s stomach twisted then, and not in a good way. It dropped, curled, and he was so familiar with the feeling that he was dropping his cup and searching around the room for a place to barf. The kitchen sink was currently being occupied by ice, and there was no trash can in sight. There was however an open backdoor with what looked like a nearly abandoned porch.
"Shush small child," Dean murmured. "Tonight is the night you become a man." Castiel rolled his eyes and leaned away from Dean's fingers.
“Fuck D-” Castiel stammered, and barely noticed a stutter in the thrust as well. “Fuck me.” Dean grunted then, as if offended by what Castiel was saying, and grabbed Castiel’s hips as tightly as he could.
“Yeah I know, I have low standards,” she remarked as she pushed his shoulder slightly. “I guess I just have a weak spot for guys who play sports.” Dean chuckled and kissed her forehead.
Dean just stared at Castiel. Didn’t look at Bobby, and he didn’t care if he looked weird just blatantly looking at the guy. He wanted Castiel to know that he was pissed. That they should have fucking won this game. He wanted to give the guy a piece of his mind. Not now though. Now he needed to be a Captain.
Castiel pulled away from Dean with a slight nip at the man’s bottom lip. He stared at him, all of him, and ground himself down onto those perfect fingers. “Just fuck me already Dean.” There was that stupid fucking grin again.
“Please,” Castiel whined and a second later a finger was slipping into him. Castiel tensed up entirely, not expecting it so soon. A little pain shot through him and up his spine. “Eh.” He shivered as Dean continued to push into him. He let out a short breath and there was a soft kiss on his neck.
“Dean!” He pulled at a handful of hair as he felt his entire body boil over with ecstasy. Jesus Christ he was absolutely positive that it had never felt like this before. It had never been this good. Castiel could barely process what was happening around him as he skyrocketed to absolute bliss.
“Yeah,” she said and she grasped Castiel’s arm. “Like a shit ton Cas. He’s slept with any girl who has flirted with him.”
“Fine, I’ll talk to him after practice,” he compiled as he leaned down for one final kiss. “You know you’re the smartest woman I’ve ever dated right?” Tessa rolled her eyes and smiled.
“Hey babe,” he murmured as he pecked a kiss to her neck. “You winning?” She nodded and placed a hand over his. “That’s good.”
“Yeah, Dean-o here is a pretty good bartender,” she said with a small grin. “So where did you go at the party? I thought we were hitting it off.” Castiel clenched his jaw and shook his head.
“God no!” He said with a chuckle. “Fuck no that was the best sex I’ve had, no, he just ticked me off and I need to take a break from him.” Charlie narrowed her eyes but decided to drop the subject.
It was where his bed was, along with little trinkets that you would normally find in a room. His guitar was there, still on the bed where he had left it. Dean climbed onto the musty old mattress, placing the coke on a little shelf that was by his pillows. As he moved he heard his brother walk to pull the screen to shield anyone from looking into the bedroom. Sam knew what Dean was about to do, and Dean was even surprised that he was doing it.
“God no,” he breathed and his hand ran up and down the other’s back. “No I couldn’t tell till we were done that you hadn’t done it before.” Green Eyes looked at Castiel and smiled, leaning over to peck his lips against the other’s. Castiel pressed back and then the feeling of them were gone.
“Tran!” Dean yelled as they switched positions for Dean to take the ball and throw. “Why the hell did you run out of bounds?”
“I don’t know, suddenly there was a shot, Samandriel hit the ground, and by the time I looked for the culprit there wasn’t anyone there,” Lucifer said, though Castiel caught something in the voice. Something that just didn’t sit right with him.
“So do I,” Castiel said when they finally stopped and he was able to look at the books. “What sort of reading level do you have? Are you intermediate or more adult?” He looked down at Sam and watched as he pouted in concentration.
“Are you fucking serious?” He asked and Dean raised a brow, even though his hands went to Castiel’s pants, unbuttoning them with ease, the complete opposite for when they would have to take of Dean’s. “You’ve blown me in a movie theater, fucked me in a break room.” Dean chuckled and nodded, as if he was going into his own little flashback state that Castiel had. “The inside of your car outside of a bar is suddenly too open?” Dean chuckled and shook his head.
“I don’t usually drink, I mostly just come for the music and the entertainment of the drunkards,” she said and then looked around the bar. “I mean, look at him.” She raised her finger and Castiel followed it to see a guy busting a move by the jukebox. He was literally flailing about and the blue eyed man laughed loudly at the scene. He shook his head then looked at the bartender.
“Of course I will,” she said with a giggle. They browsed books for a while longer before Castiel inevitabley checked out more books than necessary. Though, he was going away for the weekend.
Castiel squirmed when he felt a cold hand slip underneath his shirt. It was just enough shock to his system that he was able to pull away, but not without giving Dean's tongue a suck while he did it. In turn it elicited the most delicious noise from his lover's lips. The sound was part moan and part whimper, and was absolute music to Castiel's ears.”We need to go to my room.” He pushed Dean back just a bit more, and instantly missed the feeling of having another body against him.
“Well then I probably won’t either,” Castiel said, wanting to lean over and peck his lips to Dean’s, but refraining to doing such.
“He’d make a good lawyer,” he whispered and blinked his eyes over to look at Dean. Castiel licked his lips, listening to the small jazz clarinet in the background, getting wrapped up in how romantic it sounded. He took a big breath and kissed Dean again, pressing against the other as his hands moved to tug at his shirt.
“You bit through your lip?” He asked with a smirk. Castiel rolled his eyes and pushed Dean off of him.
Castiel whistled softly as he slung his messenger bag over his shoulder. He was supposed to go to room 302 and discuss some class changes with his academic advisor. He hadn’t done so though, deciding to check out the campus. Castiel had just recently shown up and he still didn’t know the area all that well. Maybe he could find a few new friends if he checked out the coffee shop right off the corner of campus, or if he went to the bowling alley down the street. He wasn’t sure though. The young Novak felt the burning paper in his pocket, how it begged to be sent. Castiel couldn’t send it though, because he didn’t even have Dean’s address. Dean had probably long since left the Roadhouse, and he didn’t feel all that great about sending it to the bar and having the owners read it and not approve.
“You are feeling me Cas,” Dean whispered, the first words after several long pleasurable minutes. Castiel moaned because Dean had pressed his three fingers against Castiel’s prostate. His hand slipped from Castiel’s hip and smoothed out to wrap around his cock, stroking softly. Castiel squeezed his eyes shut and he tugged Dean’s hair roughly, eliciting a moan from the other man. The blue eyed man had gotten that noise completely seared into his mind so that he could save it for a rainy day.
“Doesn’t matter,” Dean interrupted before delving into another kiss. Castiel didn’t even want to think about how Dean knew what he was asking, because it didn’t matter. Not really. They were on the same page and that was what mattered. He kissed Dean back enthusiastically, hands tugging down on the man’s hair. Castiel felt himself smile against Dean’s sharp little exhale from the action, and reveled in the feeling of Dean rolling his hips up against him.
“Well, Clarence,” she said and she giggled again. “You have to be the sexiest guy at this party.” Castiel looked at her and he smirked.
“Oh come on Cassie,” he said and kicked his foot some. “We’re both adults here. We’ve both been around a few places, clucked a few hens.”
“There’s pong?” Meg said with a smile as she looked at Castiel. “Maybe this won’t be a dud of a party. I’m great at pong.”
“Alright ladies,” he yelled and all of the boys pressed against one another. “This is it, game two and we’ve already got a win in the bag. Let’s keep it up!” All the boys hooted and hollered and then they were linking arms while walking out of the locker room. Dean was linked with Castiel and Ash and he tried his best not to think about the fact that the center had a death grip on his elbow.
“God if you keep doing that I might not even get the chance to fuck you,” Green Eyes purred and all that did was make Castiel moan again. He looked down at Green Eyes and watched as the man’s hands slid under his shirt and hiked it up. Castiel licked his lips and bit the bottom one.
“Thank you kind sir,” Dean mumbled as he grabbed the beer and instantly took a swig of it. He smiled cheekily and looked at Castiel. “Getting used to the taste?” Castiel shook his head even though he took another sip of the beer.
“Whatever Cassie, you know this is the best face you’ve ever seen. At least, that’s what your girlfriend told me,” he said, which in return made Castiel snort, continuing his shaking head. A girlfriend, that was rich. Castiel didn’t date, nor was he even supposedly allowed to yet. In his parents’ eyes he was old enough to go to war, but not touch a girl’s hand.
Dean tensed up at that remark, and Castiel so desperately wanted to ask, but his lips stayed closed and he kept his eyes out the window. He wanted to know more about Dean, he wanted to know so much more, but he couldn’t get too close to Dean. Not when Summer was so close to ending.
“Your pants are so tight,” he said and Castiel chuckled. Of course they were tight, they showed off his ass. That was why Castiel bought them in the first place. His chuckle turned into a choked moan though when he felt them suddenly being tugged down along with his boxers. His grip in Green Eyes’ hair tightened and he rolled his hips up to the other, showing off his sickeningly hard cock.
“Not weird, just uncommon,” he said and looked over at Castiel. “You’re beautiful too.” Castiel smiled and looked out the window. He fixed his glasses and licked his lips.
“You’re so fucking gorgeous Cas,” Dean mumbled against Castiel’s skin, hips rolling up into him and making him moan softly. Castiel nodded and grasped at Dean’s shirt, pulling it roughly.
“Just do your work Cas, you’re taking over Drew’s shift. Which means that you’re delivery the food to Dean Winchester himself,” she said, making Castiel roll his eyes.
“Sorry,” he said and bit the inside of his mouth. “Dean asked me to go on vacation with him.” He looked over at Charlie and had been expecting a punch to his shoulder, instead though the fiery red head just stared at him with wide eyes.
“Thank you for sharing this Obi Wan,” he said, he heard Charlie’s loud laughter over the sound of the saxes and trumpets. Eventually though, the aliens turned into patrons and bartenders, and Castiel was left with the blandness of the bar. The only bright side being the music.
The quarterback bought the ball close to him and started to push himself through the wall of people. He nudged himself through and grunt as he felt an elbow shove into his side. Dean broke through the barricade and got control of his footing. He could hear the fans cheer and he couldn’t help the smirk that pulled on his face as he ran a few yards. Something had crashed into him though, knocking Dean to the ground with a loud groan. The whistles blew and he could help but squint his eyes as he looked up at the spot lights. He let out a sigh and suddenly there was a hand in his vision. He’d know the hand anywhere, it was always accompanied by the number forty-two. He gripped the center’s wrist and was pulled to his feet, a hand going to pat his back.
It wasn’t a romantic weekend, they were just having fun. Sure, they were going to fuck, and it was going to be in a bed for once, but it didn’t mean anything. They were just getting off. That was it. Castiel couldn’t have a relationship with a man that lived halfway across the country. He was going to attend Stanford, and be a memorable person.  “How long do we have till we get there?” Castiel asked after a few minutes of just rock music blaring in through the speakers. The windows were down, the wind was hot, and Castiel just wanted to strip his shirt off.
“Is the party even going on?” He asked as he looked around and noticed how everything seemed sort of dark and dead. He cocked a brow and Meg pushed at his shoulder.
“Please,” he begged because he felt no hand, or mouth, or anything wrap around him. It was just standing there out in the open and being neglected. “Please touch me.” Castiel’s glasses were askew, but his eyes were so screwed shut that he couldn’t even begin to bother with them. He clenched his jaw and was about to open his eyes and look down before he felt Green Eyes’ hot wet mouth around him. Castiel moaned in pleasure and bucked his hips forward, feeling Green Eyes gag and he smirked. “Oh fuck.”
In all the years that Castiel had been alive, he never thought for one second that he could be so swept up by someone. He’d always seen himself as a man who just wanted a little fun for one night and then it’d all be over. He didn’t expect himself to go to the Roadhouse, which he figured out the name of after asking Charlie, and see Green Eyes over the next few days. He never expected to have sex in a bathroom, sure he’d fantasized about it, but never thought it would happen.
He shook those thoughts away almost immediately though as his eyes met the unbelievably emerald of the other. “What can I get you?” The man asked and holy fucking shit Castiel felt like he would orgasm right there. He never knew that a man’s voice could be so deep, so dripping with sexual desire. It was his normal fucking voice, it was normal for the other man and it made Castiel physically tremble. He cocked a brow at Green Eyes, deciding that it sounded like a good nickname, and felt his mouth dry up. How could he nicely say that he wanted the other man to take him to the bathroom and fuck his brains out? There wasn’t one. Castiel watched as Green Eyes tilted his head to the side in a questioning manner and then licked his lips. Fuck Green Eyes, fuck him and his tongue darting out and wetting his lips. His perfectly shaped and chapped lips. “Alright, well you think of something and I’ll be back.”
A moan rolled past his lips just then, bubbling up from his lungs and pushing up into his dry mouth, making the quiet room fill with noise for only a second. Castiel’s back arched off the bed that was underneath him and his nails dug into the scalp of the other man. “Fuck,” he breathed and he could feel a smile against his skin, making it tingle and vibrate with arousal.
“So your new album, the one you’re releasing tonight?” She started, scribbling down her notes. Charlie didn’t look at all offended by how Dean had been speaking to her. Maybe she would make it in this world after all. “It’s all from your mind correct? You wrote every song?” Dean smiled, finally something he wouldn’t mind talking about.
“Five,” he said, making Castiel give a slight nod. This was usually how his conversations went. Never much more past ‘how much longer?’ Which was fine with him. He would get in the least amount of communication with people as he could. No reason to get attached. Several shots popped through the air, and Castiel was quick to raise his gun, seeing in his peripheral vision that Bartholomew had done the same.
“I didn’t need to know that,” Sam trailed off as he walked into his small room, giving them the essence of privacy, even though they would be able to hear each other very easily. Dean pushed Castiel away slightly so that they could look at each other and smiled down at him.
"No Cas, you gotta drink," Dean said with a smile, his cheeks tinting only slightly. "Unless you want to be called a pussy for the rest of the night by yours truly." He motioned his hands toward himself and let out another chuckle.
"He wasn't always a primal ape," Castiel retorted quickly as he walked back to his post, in front of Dean as always.
“Stop,” he mumbled before spitting one more time for good measure. “This isn’t the place or time to be talking about
Dean hadn’t talked to Castiel since they agreed to not talk about their kiss and he was regretting it because if they didn’t click like they used to then it was going to be a problem on the field. He was walking down the hallway when Tessa joined him and wrapped her hand around his. “So what happened Friday night?” She asked and Dean knew what she was trying to talk about but he wanted to avoid that area. She was asking about why when Castiel and Dean had returned they didn’t talk or even look at each other and avoided even the slightest conversation together.
“Enjoy your book young sir,” the librarian said somewhat bitterly as she slid it across the desk and over to Castiel. He smiled at her and then went off to the right so he could find a chair to call his home for the next few hours. He found a chair in a sort of circle of chairs, a coffee table sitting in the middle. He smiled and sat down, not even bothering to pay attention to the other people around him. Castiel opened his book and started to read.
“Wait,” he said as Dean came back round to where Castiel was. “Are those the same jeans that you couldn’t get out of?” Dean looked down at his pants and Castiel shook his head. “Oh jeez, why haven’t you gotten rid of those?” He laughed and Dean rolled his eyes.
“You feel so fucking good.” How could Dean even form a sentence right now? Castiel felt himself nodding in agreement, but he was definitely past the point of dirty talk. He grabbed at the back of Dean’s neck and smashed their lips together. It was all teeth and tongue by now with no finesse, but Castiel didn’t care. He just needed more.
When they were seated in Balthazar’s car and Castiel had given him directions to the laundry mat, Castiel had settled back into his seat. He sighed, blinking and looking out the window as the radio played slowly in the background. Balthazar didn’t talk much as they drove, and Castiel was okay with that. He wasn’t even sure how he was supposed to make conversation. Not when the only thing that was on his mind was someone he wasn’t going to see again. When a clarinet noise slipped into Castiel’s ears he frowned deeply. It, it was the song that Dean and he had listened to in the camper. It was the song that Castiel could never really get out of his head. A moment later and he felt tears pricking his eyes. He rubbed at his face, and that was when Balthazar spoke.
“I’ll go with you,” Castiel said as he sat down at the bar. Watching as Dean poured a glass of brandy for someone farther down form the two of them. Dean cocked a brow, and kept a serious face, even though a smile was evading his lips.
SS shirt and he traced his fingers across the several marks that he’d given the other man over the past few weeks.
“Ash!” Dean growled as he back away from the touch. “God dammit, you know this shit gets everywhere and I can’t have it get in my eyes.” Ash just laughed.
“Oh well I was just about to head out with Gilda,” she said and Castiel nodded. “I’ll see you tomorrow at the library?” Castiel nodded again and just before Charlie started to walk away he stopped her.
“I’m not a child Dean, I know what get it on means.” Dean raised his hands. “Why would people ever want to do it in the woods though? I mean, it just seems very uncomfortable.”
Castiel doesn’t realize he’s screaming until he can feel his nails digging into his head. He doesn’t realize he’s crying until he tastes salt in his mouth. His eyes open suddenly and he searches around the room, trying not to see fellow cots, or other soldiers. It takes several large and shaky breaths before he can collect his thoughts, before he can realize that he’s not in that wretched country anymore. His entire body is shaking, and for a few moments he thinks he’s having a heart attack, until his alarm goes off again, making him nearly jump out of his skin.
“What the fuck is going on here?” He asked as he looked up at Michael and clenched his jaw. Castiel pushed past Dean and Michael only inched forward. The refs were back on them again and two of them held Michael back.
Castiel’s back arched and he wrapped his hands around Green Eyes roughly, tugging at his shirt. He moaned loudly, feeling his voice crack and he looked at the man. “Take,” he let out a long breath and lolled his head back in a moan. “Take off your shirt!” His voice was a snarl and he watched as Green Eyes took a second away from their cocks to strip off his shirt.
“No, it’s still disgusting but I still sort of want to get drunk,” he commented as he bumped shoulders with Dean. His face was growing increasingly red and Dean knew that at the end of the can Castiel was probably going to be spouting utter bullshit from his lips.
Castiel watched with some amusement as Dean awkwardly bounced onto the mattress and situated himself on his back. Though that amusement was short lived when Dean spoke up with that same stupid smile.
“I read it, I know what he said,” Dean snipped. He wanted to get the Alistair question over as soon as possible. “My past manager led me down the road I just got off of, and he can deny it all he wants, but he did. He made me sing cookie cutter rock music, and he bought me every drop of alcohol I consumed. He made sure I was drunk so I would sing his stupid god damn songs and I wouldn’t sing mine.”
Castiel opened his mouth to say some form of a retort, but closed it because he was tired of waiting. He spit into his hand before reaching down and stroking Dean’s cock thoroughly. There was certainly some form of pride in him as he watched green eyes flutter and lips part on a sigh.
“You wore that ratty practice jersey underneath your actual jersey for good luck?” Castiel asked as he himself pulled a plain white t-shirt over his head.
“Fuck. Me,” he growled and he pulled even harder, making Dean stroke him down roughly. “Dean!” Castiel was going to come, he could feel it, and he was going to be so pissed. The fingers slipped out of him and the hand opened, releasing him. Castiel whimpered and his nails dug into the wooden counter. He let out a deep breath and he trembled, ass shaking again because he wanted to feel Dean. It was a few moments later when he felt the tip of Dean’s cock start to push into him and pain shot through him. He cried and his back arched. Had Dean’s cock always been fucking huge? Castiel couldn’t even remember it. It pushed into him more and he felt like he was splitting open. “Stop.” He shook his head and Dean stopped his movements.
Castiel watched as Dean pulled a shabby pack of cigarettes from his pocket. He didn’t smoke. He had tried it back in high school, but never really found the action appealing to him. That didn’t stop him from blatantly watching Dean pull a cigarette from the pack and place it on the edge of his lips.
“He does. So here is what’s going to happen,” he said, standing up and stretching a little. “You’re going to go into the camper. I’m going to stay out here and eat, maybe go for a swim, and I’ll head over to the bar for some summer reading.” Castiel just stared at Sam, not believing how assertive he was being. “And you’re going to tell Dean how you feel, you’re going to have a good time, and you’re going to let him have you, and let him have you the right way.”
“There was no one to throw to,” Dean retorted as he spit out his mouth guard. “Neither Garth or Ash were there.” Castiel raised his hands in defense and walked back over so they could get in position.
“The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy is one of my favorite books,” the voice rang out and Castiel looked up to see a fiery redheaded girl with bright green eyes. What was it with everyone in Kansas having green eyes? She herself had a copy of J.R.R. Tolkien’s Hobbit clung to her chest and she smiled. “It’s witty and quirky, and I think that Douglas Adams is one of the best.” She smiled sheepishly and Castiel took in the fact that she had Star Wars shirt fitted around her slender frame. She pushed up her glasses and then made herself at home, sitting on the arm of Castiel’s chair. “Charlie Bradbury, science fiction expert and extraordinaire.”
“I didn’t tell you to, we were that loud anyway,” Dean said and Castiel tucked his head into the crook of Dean’s neck.
Castiel glared at Dean for a moment then hesitantly took a sip of his beer. His eyes immediately grew wide and Dean's smile got bigger as he took another drink of his beverage. He chuckled and licked his lips.
“Good luck,” Dean said as he looked at Castiel and slipped himself of his pants. He grabbed the sweats out of his bag and slipped them over.
“Oh come on,” Dean groaned as he pushed Castiel farther off of the log and rolled his eyes. “I don’t just start stating truths and dark personal secrets when I’m drunk.” He chuckled lightly and sipped at his beer. “Apparently I call everyone bitch. So spill bitch.” Castiel rolled his eyes and took a drink of his beer.
“Because your mind is always in the clouds man. Someday that’s going to get you hurt.” Castiel rolled his eyes and slung his bag over his shoulder.
“You’re right,” he said and Castiel frowned. Dean leaned across the counter, grabbing the bottom of Castiel’s chin. “You’re undeniably sexy.” Castiel scoffed and ripped his chin away from Dean’s grasp.
“Fucking fine, so when you’re shoving your dick in my ass you’ll kiss me, but you won’t show a little affection after we’re done?” He hissed and he watched as Dean clenched his jaw.
"I'm fine Dean, I'm just the center," Castiel retorted as he moved to his locker and took a seat. Dean stood next to him and was thankful for the Gatorade being passed around. He took a long drink of it and was about to press Castiel more on his wrist before the coach raised his voice.
“Its difficult Charles, I mean,” he sighed and shook his head. “I don’t know, things are always just weird with us.” Did Castiel know that. Dean and him had been messing around for practically the entire summer. It was ridiculous how much they had actually done together. They were fucking, but yet they couldn’t go on dates with other people. They claimed not to be in a relationship, but if Dean or Castiel saw the other with another person then they would have green eyes. That was how it was between them. They fucked and they loved each other’s company, but not enough to actually take the time to make it to a bed. “Also its the fourth of July Friday, and I don’t want things to be weird. We haven’t spent a holiday together yet. What if we just can’t stand the four days right next to each other? I don’t want to stop having sex with him yet.”
His gaze immediately flickered to the bar and he felt his cheeks rise because he knew, he knew that Green Eyes had caught him even before he turned around. There was no possible way the other couldn’t feel Castiel’s blazing glare. “So what can I get you?” He asked with a smirk, hand holding a rag as he wiped off the bar. Castiel licked his lips and looked up at Green Eyes, watching his eyes flicker to his lips and he smirked. Gotcha.
“What?” Tessa asked with a wide grin. Dean turned to look at Castiel and he instantly stepped in front of his woman.
“Bullshit,” he stated as he crossed his arms over his chest. “You keep saying that you want to but you still haven’t.” He walked over to the paper towel dispenser and took a few towels before unbuttoning his pants and dropping them down some. Castiel wiped the come off from earlier and looked at Dean. “Will you fuck me? Because Charlie says you’re not that gay and you won’t.” Dean’s head snapped over to Castiel and he clenched his jaw.
“Do you like Star Wars?” He asked and then he looked down. “Nevermind you probably don’t. My brother said he did and then spent the entire showing of Episode V not even bothering to come back and sit with me.” Why did that sound so familiar to Castiel? Why?
“Do you happen to like Bob Seger?” He asked and Balthazar chuckled. Castiel raised a brow and tilted his head to the side.
“Well that’s where its from. My parents are religious freaks and named every one of their kids after angels,” he said and he looked around uncomfortably. Maybe seeing Dean was only a night time thing. Maybe they should just stick with the shadows because he felt completely uncomfortable right now. Especially with the other man making fun of his name.
They moved quickly then, Castiel leading while Dean followed behind practically on his heels. He twisted around to face Dean as he opened the door, and stepped back into his room quietly. The lights were off, but Castiel made no move toward where the switch was.
“Well, its very nice to know that he’s switched on to men,” she said with a cross of her arms over her chest.
“Really?” He asked and he looked down at his books. “So did I.” Okay, so it was just a coincidence. Those happened, they happened all the time.
“I sort of assumed you were into women earlier, but that just proved it,” he said and Charlie’s eyes grew wide in disbelief. She was about to retort and call it rubbish, but Castiel held up his hand. “Its okay Charles, I don’t find her attractive like you do.” Scratch what Castiel said before about Charlie’s eyes growing wide, because they met an even new bulge when she heard Castiel say that.
“I’m going to go get murdered,” Castiel stated as he looked at Meg lazily, the alcohol finally taking full effect. She looked at him with big eyes and cracked a smirk.
Castiel glances over to the clock and quickly shoves it off the little excuse for a bed side table. It crashes onto the floor with a loud thump, and for a brief moment it reminds him of Gabriel. The young man placed his hand over his face, expelling the thought of Gabriel from his mind. The appendage slides down his face slowly, and after a few more ragged breaths he’s standing up. After all, he has a job to do.
When the class was over Castiel didn’t even stay an extra second, his stuff was packed up and he was out the door in a single moment. Dean could practically feel the breeze from the other boy moving so fast. The Winchester wasn’t sure if he should be concerned that maybe he didn’t want to talk to Dean when it didn’t pertain to class. He shook his head and stood up, deciding that he should probably meet back up with Tessa. Dean walked down the hallway, catching the tail end of Castiel’s bright blue sweater vest, and eventually was back at the English room. Tessa walked over to him and smiled brightly.
Dean broke the kiss and he looked at Castiel with a small smile. “You too,” he mumbled and leaned down to press against Castiel. Dean didn’t physically say the words, he didn’t say ‘I love you’, but he didn’t have to either. The man knew what Dean was getting at, he knew that they had an equal amount of love and care invested in each other. Castiel grinned against Dean’s lips, hands slipping under the other’s sweatshirt.
“Do you guys kiss anymore?” Charlie asked as Castiel tried to will the pink of his cheeks away. He shook his head and looked down at his hands.
“Is that what you want?” Dean asked as he looked down at Castiel. Fuck, he looked so different like this. He looked so shy, and scared. Dean looked like he was scared of messing this all up, which is completely different from his usual confident self. Castiel nodded and ran his fingers through Dean’s hair.
When he got outside though, he felt as if he was had. Castiel tugged on his Beatles shirt and looked around. “I have no fucking idea what an Impala looks like, let alone a ‘67 one,” he mumbled to himself as his eyes squinted. The time being late and the sun being set didn’t help with his search either. He crossed his arms over his chest and huffed. So much for actually getting something with the hottest piece of meat he had ever seen.
“Not all of it,” Dean said honestly. “Some of it is stuff I had written when I was with Alistair, but there are a few songs about that. Honestly I’m not scared about telling people I’m a recovering alcoholic. I’m more scared that because I don’t have the booze people won’t like me anymore.” Charlie nodded, making note of that on her note pad. Dean let out a held in breath, trying not to let his nerves get to him.
“Castiel?” He asked and Castiel watched as dimples penetrating his seemingly perfect skin. “What kind of name is that?” The blue eyed man chuckled and Sam joined in as well.
“You!” Dean replied as he copied Ash’s expression, his hand springing out. “Great catch.” He laughed and Ash laughed too.
It was wobbly, trying to stand, and Castiel was about to give up when he fell on his ass for the second time. Dean was all smiles and he helped Castiel up each time. “I never thought I could have that much of an impact on someone,” he said with a smirk and Castiel rolled his eyes.
“Hi,” he said shyly and he had a wallet in his hand. It was tattered and obviously seen better days. “Did you buy some books?” Castiel smiled and nodded. “Could you uh,” he slipped the wallet into his back pocket. “Could you help me look for a book?” Sam looked down bashfully and Castiel couldn’t resist. He tucked his book into his back pocket, seeing as how it was small and he stood up.
So Green Eyes may have lied a little. Castiel was sitting against the hood of the Impala and he kept checking his watch. It was well past five minutes, and it was well past thirty. He was just about to give up and walk to Gabriel’s temporary apartment before he heard Green Eyes.
Thank God Castiel is one of the fastest runners in the state. The second his eyes hit the doorway he was running toward it, leaving Dean and the rest of the party in his wake. When he passed the threshold into the open and chilly night, he nearly lost it then. The vomit bubbled up into his mouth, but he swallowed it down. Not on the porch. Definitely not on the porch. It burned back down his throat, but he pressed forward.
“We should,” Dean started as his eyes moved around to look at Castiel’s face. “We should go back to the party.” He moved to tugged Castiel’s hands away from his waist and already Dean could feel himself sobering up. Castiel nodded and shifted uncomfortably so that he could roll out from underneath Dean.
“You two need to fucking stop,” The coach growled as he pushed Castiel back from getting on top of Dean again. As Dean stood up again Bobby grabbed him by the helmet. “I’m serious. Bury the god damn hatchet and play the game.” Castiel was just glaring at Dean, absolute anger apparent in the stare. “This isn’t the fucking time or place for any of that bull shit. Worry about the Leviathans getting you on the ground.” Castiel huffed again, and just walked over to get himself some water. Dean looked at Bobby and he nodded.
“Great, we get the bed that is actually the table for breakfast. I figured Sammy should have the smaller bed in the back,” Dean said and he grabbed Castiel’s glasses.
“Yeah, see you after class.” They both parted ways, Tessa going to her Physics class and Dean walking back toward his Algebra class.
Castiel narrowed his eyes, but obliged, opening his mouth just enough to feel Dean’s fingers slide past his teeth and across his tongue. He sucked on them for a few seconds before they were pulled back out with a pop.
“And I can’t wait to see it Charlie,” he said, even though he knew that what she was talking about was past their time. She giggled and slipped one of her hands in her jean pockets, a silence falling around them. Castiel looked down at his feet, seeing his Beatles shirt cling to him from sweating in the Kansas sun. His pants could be categorized to fit along with Charlie’s, tight and uncomfortable, but they didn’t hug as much as her’s.
“Grilled cheese,” he said as he reached over to Castiel and handed him a pie iron. Castiel nodded and he looked over at Dean, bumping his shoulder. “If I can ever figure out this fire it will be grilled cheese.” Dean chuckled and he reached down from his chair to grab at the bread and the cheese.
When Monday morning came around Dean had successfully failed at forgetting about what happened between Castiel and him at Ash’s party. He could still feel the other’s lips pressed against his even though it had been three days, he could still taste the lingering alcohol and for some reason, the impact of something sweet that Dean couldn’t put his finger on. He wasn’t supposed to be thinking like this. To be thinking about Castiel like this. He shook his head and slammed his locker shut, books in hand for the entire school day, which only consisted of a ratty notebook with a pen tucked in the spiral and the book he was reading for English.
“Dean,” Castiel breathed and reached to place his hand on the back of Dean’s neck. “Shut up. Okay? Let’s just have this moment together before Sam comes back.” Dean opened his mouth as if to argue, before it closed again and he nodded. Castiel shivered slightly as he heard the clarinet play beautifully. It filled every inch of his body with a sense of love, and when Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel’s waist the blue eyed man felt his breath catch. Castiel stared up at Dean as he placed him on his back. “I love you,” and Castiel had never been of sure of something in his life.
“Don’t get me wrong, I live to sing on a stage with people screaming my name,” he said, watching as a waiter was at a booth behind Charlie. The man hadn’t so much as looked at him, and it was a little confusing. Almost everyone in the joint had given Dean a few stares, but this guy? Not a glance. “But the pressure it put on me to be at the top of my game every single time I performed? And to have the…. Persona of being the party guy? Well, that’s what nearly killed me.” He can remember crashing hotel rooms like it was yesterday. He can remember throwing a chair out a balcony window and being banned from any of the Marriotts in the entire United States. “My old manager didn’t help with it either.”
“Only sometimes,” Castiel said with a shrug as he looked back at his notebook, opening it up and starting to write notes. “I mean, I usually wear them for school because I have trouble seeing the board.” Dean nodded, that made sense why he would never wear them otherwise. They looked goofy in a sense; they were thick rimmed and seemed to cover up half of his face, but didn’t make him seem any less attractive.
“Nah, never sleep well before I have to take a long drive,” he said as they reached his car. Dean grabbed the other’s bag and hoisted it into the spacious trunk of the car. “I probably won’t get any sleep tonight either will I?” Dean raised a brow and then smirked, making Castiel blush slightly.
“Hi,” he said shyly and his hand went to slip into his pants pocket. “You wouldn’t happen to know where the comic books are would you?” Castiel cocked a brow and he looked around the library. He honestly had no idea where anything really was. He had just come for a book and he had one. He was going to check it out and be done with conversation, finding a chair to sit and relax in so that he could read in peace with air conditioning.
“Sorry,” he said and he shook his head again. “Is that enough books for you Sam?” Sam nodded and then he slipped the wallet out from his back pocket. He took a twenty out of it and handed it over to Dean before walking away.
“No, no I’m fine,” he mumbled, looking over at the man who called him by what everyone but Dean called him. “I just…. This song is special to me.” Castiel shook his head and looked out the window. “As silly as that sounds.”
“Race you,” he heard Dean say from behind him and suddenly the older Winchester was in front of him, darting and legs moving quickly. Castiel broke into a sprint, flying past Dean, finally all his jogging had paid off. He heard Dean yelling at him for something but he couldn’t hear him, he just ran and when he got to the lake he ran in and just fell to the water.
“Cas slow your roll,” Dean said and chuckled a little from all of the rapid kisses. Castiel laughed as well and he kissed Dean again before settling back into the pillow. “I get it, we have lube and you’re going to feel amazingly good for once.”
“Yeah, its actually pretty cool,” Tessa stated as she grabbed Dean’s arm and stepped even closer to him. “The fire is warm, the people are drunk, flood lights brighten up the pong table.
When school was over and they were finally out on the practice field Dean was very grateful because Castiel was acting normal. They were throwing passes and practicing runs and Castiel was always on the top of his game. They didn’t talk though, unless they were discussing plays and players. For some reason they were flowing when it came down to the hike of the ball, but when they were just standing there, neither of them saying anything about football they were quiet.
“I want a burger, we can’t get burgers on the bus,” Dean said and Sam huffed, already moving to grab his jacket that was laid beside Dean and his acoustic guitar. Dean followed along with a warm smile.
Later on that evening instead of going to the Roadhouse, like Castiel had done practically every night for the past two weeks, Charlie had invited him to go to a barn party just outside of town.
Castiel smiled and rubbed the back of his head. “Oh you know, just exploring the rest of the bar,” he said sheepishly. Oh and finding the most fucking beautiful man to ever grace the Earth. I did that too Charlie, but you probably wouldn’t care since you’re into chicks. Castiel had thought for a moment that he had said that out loud because Charlie’s expression had changed.
“Yeah, but don’t worry. I don’t bite,” he said walking behind her as started their journey to the diner. It was a little ways down the road, and Dean was happy they had the place blocked off. He really didn’t want to deal with a bunch of fans. “Hard. At least, not anymore.” Charlie turned to Dean and she nodded, letting him lead the way. They walked in quiet, Dean figured that the young girl was probably gathering her questions that she wanted to ask. She even stopped her tape recorder for the moment. He smiled and looked around a bit.
“Hi,” she said and Castiel watched as a heat rised to Charlie’s cheeks. “The usual Charles?” She smiled and nodded and then the bartender left the both of them. Castiel smiled knowingly and Charlie caught the glance.
“Alright,” Lucifer said as he pulled back, looking over his men who were drenched and tired. “Gabriel and Inias, stay here and set up the M60.” The men nodded and Castiel looked at them for a moment, before hearing his name called. “Castiel and Bartholomew, group together and advance towards their position when I give the signal.” Castiel nodded, looking at Bartholomew and seeing the man nod towards him. “Samandriel, you come with me and we’ll advance on them as well.” Lucifer looked over again, before signaling for everyone to get into position. As Castiel crouched with Bartholomew, he made sure yet again that his weapon was ready to fire.
“I’m Castiel,” he said with a small smile and he turned them so that Dean would have to look at his back. “Do you live here?” Castiel broke away from Meg and he started to flow from side to side. She giggled and nodded.
“Right,” Dean said as he cracked a smile. “You’ve never been to one before. Being Catholic sounds like a great bummer if you’ve never even gone to a classic rowdy party.”
“Cassie,” Charlie deadpanned and she sighed. “Do you want to go away with him for the weekend?” Castiel looked down and he nodded. “Then go, that is the best advice I can give you. If you guys finally split apart whatever it is that you have, then you do. That’s life.” Castiel bit the inside of his mouth and he nodded.
“Yes?” he said and he shook his head. “I’m so sorry Sam, I apologize immensely that my mind is elsewhere.” He rubbed the back of his head. “I like Star Wars yes, I’m sorry. I saw it opening night.” Sam smiled widely, his dimples penetrating his face.
“You were a boy scout Sammy,” he said and he looked over at Castiel, looking him up and down as if study a never before seen creature. “Didn’t they teach you how to make a fire in boy scouts?”
The night continued on like this, Castiel groaning, moaning along with Dean as they moved together. It wasn’t a race like it normally was, it wasn’t just trying to get off. If Castiel had to put it in the simplest of terms it would be love. As simple as that, because they were kissing, they were pressing against each other. Castiel was facing Dean, their eyes never left one another unless they were closed from the pure bliss. Every breath that was taken was shared, and Castiel’s fingers didn’t break skin or dig deep into Dean’s back. Instead they smoothed across the skin, as if trying to remember the feel for the rest of his life. Dean would roll his hips, but he kept his pace slow, as if milking it for everything it was worth. Castiel could remember repeating over and over again what he believed to be Dean’s name, mixed with several curses and variations of ‘I love you.’
Castiel’s thoughts and stroking was interrupted when there was a knock on his door. “Cassie,” Gabriel said as he cracked open his brother’s door. Castiel shuffled around quickly, grabbing his pillow from underneath him and placing it over his erect cock. His brother smiled and opened the door wider to show Charlie. “You have a visitor.” Which is exactly what Castiel didn’t want. He smiled tiredly at Charlie and reached over to slip his glasses on.
Dean didn’t give him a chance to question it for too long as Castiel had become aware of how pleasing the man was when fully naked. He felt his mouth water slightly as his eyes trailed up tanned legs. He could just make out dots of freckles splattered across perfect thighs when Dean’s half hard cock came into view.
Castiel jumped then, nearly dropping the bottle but thankfully holding on to it. He turned to see, to no surprise at all, that Dean had followed him into the kitchen.
The next thing he knew he was in Green Eyes’ car, using every piece of willpower he had to not slide across the bench seat and not start attacking his neck and having his hand start to palm at his crotch.
“You look strange without your glasses,” he said and Castiel grumbled as he reached forward again, but only got a handful of Dean’s shirt.
“I’m ready for my date. I was just passing the time. So once I put a load in we can go to wherever you’re taking me.” Balthazar nodded and they headed out, Castiel’s clothes in tow.
"Great," he said as he looked over to the chain gang moving the markers farther down the field, only a few yards, but they at least got the first down. He stood up and watched Michael practically growl at him before walking back to his own side of the field. "I can't believe you were friends with him."
“That is exactly what I want you to do,” Castiel murmured in between kisses. “And you better do it well.” It wasn’t often Castiel let himself do this. He’d really rather not have it be a waste. He felt Dean nod while they moved together both at the hips and on the lips. When Castiel pulled back he felt his cock twitch from hearing a little whine escape past his lover’s. He locked eyes on Dean’s, and licked his lips before speaking. “Do you want to help or watch?”
Castiel’s hands would slip under said tight shirt and roam around the probably perfectly muscled and tanned skin, feeling across every nook and crevice of it. He would hear the small groan of the other man and feel them press together even more. Castiel wouldn’t even care that they were in the middle of a bar, wouldn’t care that people could be watching. He would just continue with his business, hands slipping down to pull at the other’s pants. What did those even look like? Castiel had no fucking clue. If they were as tight as his shirt, then the blue eyed man would definitely be weak in the knees and unable to move because of an erection.
“I think she should still be here why?” Castiel asked as he stripped himself of his jersey and sat his helmet in the cubby in his locker.
The next morning Castiel was waking up and packing his clothes up. “So this man that you’ve been with,” Gabriel said as he crossed his arms over his chest, smiling softly even though he was trying to be authoritative. “He’s just decided to whisk you away for the weekend? How romantic.”
“Castiel?” Sam asked and once again the blue eyed man was snapped back to reality. Could Green Eyes be this kid’s brother? Could, no, just because Green Eyes had a younger brother and this kid obviously had an older brother didn’t mean squat.
Castiel would just have to give Dean the cold shoulder, he didn’t want the other man to get big headed and think he could just fuck Castiel as he pleased; not saying that Castiel wouldn’t be fine with the idea, but he didn’t want to be considered a tramp. He poured himself a cup of punch and sipped on it gingerly.
“You wear glasses?” He asked and Castiel finally looked at him. Dean didn’t mean to do it, but he did. His bright emerald eyes instantly met the glass covered cerulean and he felt his breath catch. Had Castiel’s eyes always been that blue? So blue that they were like the sky almost but had ripples of waves crashing through tiny spirals of black holes. He’d never noticed because he’d never seen Castiel with glasses before and they just magnified his eyes to an even bigger scale.
“Hey!” He said and his eyes immediately squinted as his vision blurred. “Dean give those back!” Castiel reached forward blindly and Dean only chuckled in response.
At the mere presence of Dean shifting his legs open more, Castiel had once again brought their connection back full force. He moved swiftly, legs sliding into place on either side of Dean’s, making their cocks slide together once again.
“Yes please,” he mumbled and Dean tugged down Castiel’s pants, hand slipping into his boxers and groping the man’s half hard member. Castiel moaned and moved his hands to fist them into Dean’s hair, hips rolling into the touch.
“Yeah okay,” he murmured as he walked away from them. Dean strolled over to the coolers and grabbed himself a Heineken that didn’t seem to be too warm. He popped the cap off and made his way into the woods where Castiel had walked into. He took a big sip of his drink and felt the alcohol spreading across him, making his thinking process slightly lower.
“I’ve already got accepted and paid for it,” he said with a nod. “I mean, this is what I want to do, no matter how much being with Dean is amazing.” Charlie nodded and Castiel knocked his fist delicately against her shoulder. “You’ll come visit me at Stanford right?”
Castiel sat down in the lawn chair as Sam crouched over the fire ring, trying to light up the wood. He was sat snugly in the chair and shoved his hands into his pockets. “So what’s for dinner?” He asked as he adjusted his glasses. The Novak was dressed in a pair of sweats and his track team hoodie. Dean looked over at Castiel and he smirked, reaching out for the other’s hand as if it didn’t mean something. Castiel clenched his jaw and looked over at Sam, trying to hide the blush that naturally sprung to his cheeks.
“Are you kinky Cas?” He asked after a moment of silence. Castiel looked over at Dean, messing with the sticks to form a sort of teepee.
“No,” Dean said with a sort of anger. “No we don’t actually.” Castiel looked down and crossed his arms over his chest.
“Jeeze. I didn’t think you’d jump,” Dean remarked with an easy smile. “Don’t lose your drink there.”
“Did you just Stones me?” He asked, laughing a little. Sam nodded proudly and chuckled along with his brother. They laughed and walked out of the concert hall, Dean’s unsettling stomach calming some just because he had his brother around. The singer was happy that he was able to fix his relationship with his brother. That Sam had been able to look past the rude comments and fights. Just as Dean was about to lit up a smoke he smiled to his brother. “Hey Sam?” His brother turned to look at him. “Thanks, for not leaving.”
“Cas!” Sam said from the back seat of the car, peeking his head out the window. He smiled cheekily and Castiel waved at him.
“God, PDA is very unnecessary,” a girl’s voice called out from behind them and Dean turned to see Meg, brown curls being tucked behind her ear.
“Cas,” Dean mumbled before going to shove against him. “Cas, we need to,” more short kisses and Castiel increased the roughness. He only knew rough. He was only good at fast and simple. Romanticism was never in his vocabulary. “We need to talk.” Dean pushed Castiel away, panting slightly and holding onto his shoulders. “Please.” The blue eyed man nodded and he sat back, away from Dean.
“Party at my house in an hour!” He yelled and all of the boys hooted and hollered. Dean nudged his shoulder against Castiel’s and they both let out a laugh as they made a descent towards the locker room.
Castiel and Charlie both had to walk to the bar. It wasn’t a bad walk, the sun had been setting so everything around them had been cooling down. They also got to talk more about their interests and hobbies. Charlie told Castiel that she wanted to go into the computer scene and Castiel chuckled, telling her that she just wanted to live the life of a science fiction novel. She shrugged her shoulders and said that it didn’t sound like a bad life. They laughed a lot and already he knew that Charlie and him were friends.
“I liked it,” he mumbled as he licked his lips. Castiel returned the gesture and stood up, pulling Dean’s pants up with him. “Are you going to be at the Roadhouse tonight?”
“No,” he said as he smiled cheekily, the muscles growing a darker shade of red. “No I’m not going to tell you.”
‘What the fuck?” Dean exhaled before he moved over to head the other direction. So much for making up with Castiel.
“You’re a fucktard Castiel!” Michael growled as he stared between the two boys and was pushed farther away from them. “Why did you leave Saint Augustine's for this crap?” The refs pushed him to the sidelines and Dean and Castiel observed as the coach grabbed him by the face mask and started to yell. Dean looked at Castiel and cocked his head to the side.
“Alright class,” their Biology teacher started in a bright voice, her bright red hair vibrant that made her blue eyes pop. “In this specific Biology class we will be doing a number of dissections that include: worm, frog, and pig.” Emerald eyes looked around the classroom and Dean noticed how some of the girls in the class wrinkled their noses. Well some girls and one boy.
I'm so sorry I took a break. I'm back and ready to just write fanfiction in my free time. So this story is almost coming to an end, but this version of Dean and Castiel is far from being diminished. I have so much planned for them and at the end of it you might just hate me.
“Fine,” Dean grumbled as he took a sip of his Gatorade and licked his lips. “Are you going to the party tonight at Ash’s?” He cocked his head to the side, more to crack his neck than question Castiel further.
“You can say you’re sorry after we win.” Dean pursed his lips a little, before going to get his own drink. He didn’t talk to Castiel, and Castiel didn’t talk to him. There was absolutely no connection between them. Not now, and there might not be a connection ever again.
“Yeah?” He asked, looking at his brother as he approached closer. Dean smiled a bit and rubbed the back of his neck nervously. The motion always made Sam narrow his eyes suspiciously. “What?”
“Okay, be out at the car in ten minutes,” Dean said as he left with a small smile, his bag digging into his shoulder slightly. He walked out of the locker room. The night air was somewhat cool and crisp and Dean was thankful for the slight relief from heat. He could hear slight thunder in the distance and for some reason he smiled widely because he always enjoyed the feeling of rain drops speckling his hair and clothes. He looked up into the sky and ran his fingers through his hair and that was when Tessa ran up to him and wrapped her arms around his neck.
So Castiel stared at Dean for a moment, and he mulled it over. Really mulled it over. Dean could still just leave. They could keep what thin line was still between them, and go back. Castiel didn’t have to choose Dean, but… he wanted to.
“Meg I’m sorry,” he said and she tilted her head to the side. “I’m not, I-,” he huffed and finished off his drink. “I’m not interested in girls.” Meg’s eyes grew wide and her mouth cocked open. Castiel looked down and Dean filled his drink before disappearing again, as if knowing about the situation Castiel was in, and avoiding it.
“Its perfect,” he said and smiled up at Dean. “Absolutely perfect. Although,” he slightly jumped and moved the camper around, feeling it shake underneath him. “I think we’re going to have to go a lot slower tonight. Don’t want to break the camper.” Castiel chuckled and Dean smirked.
Sam huffed, but rather than retort, he just went back to his book. Dean watched as his brother leaned back into the couch, crossing one leg over the other. After a few quiet moments Dean closed his eyes, leaning back into the chair he was sitting on and sipped his coke. It wasn’t long before there was a rhythm in his head, fingers tapping along to a slower beat. The singer opened his eyes, and a moment later and he was walking to the back room.
“We’re not dating so we don’t have to,” he said because he honestly had no idea why Green Eyes hadn’t kissed him since the first time in his car. “I’m okay with that.” Which was sort of a lie. Castiel loved feeling the other man’s lips pressed against his own, he had tried to kiss him a few times but Green Eyes would move his head and bury it in his neck, sucking marks into him instead. He wanted to kiss him again, but he also wanted the other man to keep fucking him so he never brought it up. “I told you what I did last night, can I go take a shower now?”
They arrived at Ash’s clean and wiped clear of their sweat. Dean was still holding onto Tessa’s hand as he turned off the ignition of his car. He looked towards her and then back out the windshield. “So who’s ready to see Cas get drunk off his mind? Maybe he’ll even throw up,” Dean joked as he turned around to look at his friend. Castiel rolled his eyes and crossed his arms over his chest.
“Because I’m leaving!” He yelled out and Sam and Dean both looked up at him. “I start college in a few weeks, and its in California. We’re just a fling, I figured it didn’t matter.” Castiel sighed and he looked to Dean, and God, he wished that he hadn’t. He wished that he didn’t look, because the man looked like he was just told that his dog died. “Dean.” The older Winchester boy stood up and walked into the camper, slamming it shut. Castiel huffed and sat down back in the plastic chair, crossing his arms shut. “I don’t know why he’s pissed, not like this was going to go anywhere.”
“Then we won’t put it on by your eyes pretty boy,” he said and he leaned over to smear it across his face more. “We’ll just smear it down your cheeks and make it like triangles.” Dean rolled his eyes, but let Ash draw across his face and down his cheeks. “They almost cover up your freckles pretty boy.” Dean sighed and then he walked away from Ash once the other boy was finished.
“What?” He asked, hands going to rest on Castiel’s hips. The blue eyed man could hear the concern in Dean’s voice and it made him smile because that meant he also cared about Castiel’s saftey. “You wanted me to fuck you.” He started to pull himself from Castiel but the other man quickly moved his hand to behind Dean.
Castiel smiled around Dean’s cock and he sped up, taking Dean fully into his mouthing, taking him all and then sucking in to create a tight space. Dean shook and his hips thrusted forward, causing Castiel to gag and pull back some. The other man though continued to thrust into Castiel’s mouth, moaning and picking up pace as he did so. Castiel’s hands moved to grasped his thighs and he just let Dean fuck into his mouth. “Oh fuck Cas,” he moaned and his cock shoved deep into Castiel’s mouth one last time, the come shooting out and filling Castiel’s mouth and making him gag again. Castiel opened his mouth slightly and felt Dean’s come slip from his mouth and trail down his chin. He groaned and felt Dean push into him a few more times before his cock went limp and he pulled away. C
“What happened?” Bartholomew asked, as Castiel rushed down to look at Samandriel. The kid had been shot in the eye, his other one just blankly staring at the sky. Castiel pressed two fingers against Samandriel’s neck, but he knew it was futile. The kid was dead. Fuck. Sure, Castiel hadn’t gotten close with him, but he always seemed keen on talking to Castiel. He always asked questions when they were at base camp, and they’d shared night duty a few times. That was it though, and Samandriel had basically only been in the group for two months.
“Come here,” he finally said, watching as Dean didn’t even hesitate to cross the kitchen. Suddenly everything was very much on again, and Castiel practically braced for impact when the other man was grabbing at his shirt for the second time.
“I should take you home shouldn’t I?” He asked and Castiel sighed but nodded. He fixed his glasses and slowly removed himself from Green Eyes’ embrace. Green Eyes moved to tuck his cock back into his pants and he started the car back up in no time. Castiel frowned, but he scrambled for his clothes, using his boxers to wipe the come off of his chest and Green Eyes’. He leaned over the bench seat to pick up his Beatles shirt and he slipped it over his head, dropping his boxers on the floor in the backseat in the process.. Castiel leaned back in his seat and slipped on his pants. “Where do you live?”
"You need to leave," Castiel stated calmly, much to the contrast of his stomach. He kept his eyes on the ceiling, knowing that he wouldn't be able to look at Dean for the foreseeable future. At least, not without making what he was feeling worse.
“Yeah? Well I gotta look at your face all day, how else am I supposed to react,” he replied, and this time Gabriel rolled his eyes, chuckling a little.
“So is Meg here?” Dean asked as the team around both of them were rowdy and changing out of their garb.
“I’m going to use the ladies room,” she said with a smile. “I’ll be right back.” Castiel nodded and watched as she left. He looked down at his drink and swished it around the glass before exploring the bar got the better of him. He stood up and walked around the bar, taking in the scene before he walked out to the patio. It was rowdier that was for sure. Castiel was surprised by how the music had changed from the sound of the cantina to a whole new set of music. It was rock music and Castiel smiled. He could enjoy this type of music, music that his parents would never enjoy. AC/DC’s You shook me all night long filtered into his ears and he smiled as he let the music take him. Castiel walked around the patio and turned to the bar so that he could order another rum and coke when his eyes landed on it.
“Yul Brynner played the Gunslinger,” Castiel started and watched as the redhead’s face contorted into a bright smile. “And Peter Martin and John Blane were played by Richard Benjamin and James Brolin.” He shifted himself from his seat and stood up. “So where is this bar?” Charlie bounced onto her feet and grasped Castiel’s hand.
They seemed to move in sync after that. Castiel canted forward while Dean lifted him up. He grabbed on to strong shoulders as he felt the head of Dean’s cock press against him. The stretch was rough, but Castiel honestly didn’t mind the burn. Not when that was the thing he’d been craving all evening.
Tessa was sat in the stands, staring at the game even though Dean knew that she never really knew what was going on. Her black jacket was hugging at her sides and her lovely full lips were in a line of concentration. Her gaze broke and she looked down at Dean, her brown eyes bright with excitement because she knew that they were going to win. He smiled at her with a small pull of his lips then went back to paying attention to the game. The final whistle blew and Dean started to clap his hands. His teammates crowded him and patted him on the back. They all navigated into the long line to clap hands with the other team and Dean couldn’t help but feel a slight chill when he was met with Michael and the man glared at him with absolute daggers of kill.
As he approached he heard Dean laugh, and he felt his chest flutter a bit. That was peculiar. Usually he barely glanced at the customers, barely even tuned them in unless he was taking orders. Dean’s laugh though. It was nice, and for some reason, it made his chest warm. Castiel plastered on a fake smile and approached the table. Another laugh come from Dean and Castiel ignored it, focusing on the task at hand, focusing on work. “Alright, who ordered the salad?” He asked, trying to sound peppy, though it came out a little flat due to his voice. He looked to see the man sitting across from Dean raised his hand. “And the burgers?” Both Dean and the red head raised their hands. Castiel smiled and handed them out, before looking at the three of them. “Well my name is Castiel, and I’ll be your sever for the rest of the evening. If you need anything just let me know.” He let out another weak smile.
Dean let out a sigh and closed his eyes. Focus Dean, he thought as he placed his hands in between Castiel’s legs. He needed to focus, this was it. This was the starting point of the rest of the season. He was thankful that they were first, that they could have the bigger impact before the others could strike. His hands shook anxiously and he licked his chapped lips. “Green 57,” he barked as he wiggled his fingers again. “Green 57.” He opened his eyes and looked at the other team around him, some of the players were antsy and pumping their legs, others were completely at ease and waiting for the signal. “Hut.” The ball was tossed into his hands and he gripped it tightly. He moved away from Castiel and watched as boys clashed together in front of him. He stared out into the field, he was supposed to throw down to Garth or Ash, but neither of them were there. He searched quickly and saw no one in sight. Time was running out, he needed to get rid of the ball, he could run, no one looked too threatening and Castiel had gotten the main concern for Dean.
“I’m still hard Cas,” he said a little shyly with a blush spreading across his freckles. Castiel would never get tired of that look. The look that showed Castiel that even the most sexiest and confident people can be shy. He watched as Dean bit his bottom lip and slowly went to start unbuckling his pants.
“I’m sure he’s a normal person just like you and me,” he mumbled, going to check the order sheets for the table that Dean was sitting in. He would still never understand the appeal of fame. So everyone knew your name. What was so great about that? Then they would be harassed by paparazzi and most likely have no private life. Where was the glamour in that? Castiel wasn’t sure. “Just the burgers and the salad?” Castiel looked at Beth and she nodded. He gave a small smile before heading to the table. The food being placed on a larger plate and carried by his hand.
“Come on, if we don’t get there soon all the cold beer is going to be gone,” she stated as Dean turned to look at her. Thunder rumbled across the sky and Dean nodded. He pulled her along and away from his car towards the thicket of woods that were behind Ash’s house. Tessa leaned up against Dean and he couldn’t help but enjoy the crisp air around them. Meg and Castiel walked behind them, Dean didn’t bother to look back and see what they could possibly be doing.
Suddenly he was being pushed back, and gasping as his back hit his mattress. Castiel opened his eyes to see Dean staring down at him with what looked like determination. It was an odd look to see. Though Castiel didn’t have too much time to really dwell on it as Dean lifted one of his legs up onto his shoulder and pushed his cock back in so quickly it left him seeing stars.
“I know,” he mumbled, his voice a little horse, as if he’d just swallowed a rock. “I know, I’m not going to tie you down.” Castiel leaned forward to kiss Dean a little shyly, trying to show that he meant every word. “You need to have a life.”
” Harder. Faster. Castiel was climbing, filling, and he could tell by the reckless thrusting that Dean wasn’t too far behind him.
“I figured I could just take Meg and you back to my house. We can get all cleaned up there and then head over to Ash’s,” Dean replied as he took off his shoulder pads and sat them in his locker. He fiddled with the jersey that was under it and Castiel looked at him with a cocked eyebrow.
“Fuck Cas,” he mumbled as he nipped Castiel’s skin roughly, causing Castiel to go weak slightly. He moved his hips down to meet Dean’s thrusts and he groaned. “I want to fuck you so badly.” Castiel nodded and he moved his hands to tangle them in Dean’s hair.
“A very religious name,” he said and he shook his head. “Listen, it was nice meeting you Sam, but I have to go check out this book and I shouldn’t stop you from your quest of finding the comic book section.” Sam frowned but nodded.
Castiel was surprised by the lips he felt against his own, his body shifting some so that he could kiss Dean with a little more passion. Fireworks were exploding inside of Castiel and he was coming after the green eyed man’s tongue hungrily slipped into his mouth. “Dean,” he moaned in a muffle as the man’s tongue rolled insync with his own. He whimpered as he came on the lower cabinets, it was surprisingly only a few thrusts later before he felt Dean let go inside of him. Castiel had moaned and he felt Dean shake and stutter in his thrusts as he rode his orgasm out, a low moan blowing itself against his lips. Dean was the first to pull away, moving back only slightly so that his cock would slip out.
He watched as Dean cracked into that same smile that gritted his own teeth. This was why he was here though. It was the whole reason he came. Castiel had an itch to scratch, and if the guy next to him was the one lighting his fire tonight, then so be it. He could go back to hating Dean afterward, or at least go back to attempting to hate him. “God I wish you’d stop smiling like that.”
“Because he is a fucking terrible idea,” Castiel responded with a wide smirk. “But fucking hell is he intoxicating.” Charlie laughed and shook her head.
“No,” he stated simply as he stood up and licked his lips. “Should I go on a walk or will I get brutally murdered like in the movies?” Dean barked a laugh and smiled brightly.
“Do you want to go somewhere?” He asked as he rubbed the back of his head. Castiel didn't have to be asked again. He bit his bottom lip and nodded, causing a wide grin across Dean's face. He moved his head in a quick motion, beckoning Castiel to follow him.
“No fast fucking,” he said simply and Castiel stood up. Sam shouldn’t be talking about stuff like this, the kid was only what? Fourteen? That wasn’t bad, but Castiel just wasn’t comfortable with it quite yet. “Slow, sensual, emotional.” Castiel clenched his jaw.
“Wait,” he said and she looked back at him. “Please tell me you know what a ‘67 Chevy Impala looks like.” Charlie cocked a brow but she nodded. “Where?” He looked towards all the cars and could feel his booty clock ticking away. “Charlie this is a life or death situation I need to get to that car.”
Charlie chuckled and smiled. “Yes,” she said and she stood up, walking out of the room without another word. Castiel exhaled and moved his pillow, feeling his cock push against the sheet he used at night and strain for attention. His hand slipped underneath the fabric and a few strokes later he was coming on the sheet, body curling because he’d had an erection for so long the relief was overpowering.
On the surface Dean and Castiel seem to be operating normally. They don't talk about what happened, but really? They're not talking at all. Castiel isn't necessarily mad at Dean, he just doesn't know what to do with his anger. And Dean? Well he's just not sure what to feel at all.
Castiel rolled his eyes before looking back down to his cup. When had he sat it down? He poured the whiskey into it, and tried not to think about how close Dean was standing to him. He wouldn’t choose Dean. He shouldn’t. Interacting with Dean outside of what little space they share on the practice field should stay at a bare minimum.
The warm air hit his cheeks and he trembled a bit as he was reminded of the jungle, of the shit covered stakes and the napalm ridden soldiers. Castiel took out his cigarettes, popping one in quickly and lighting up without a second thought. His nerves diminished with each inhale, and as he arrived at the diner he was relieved that he wasn’t shaking anymore.
Dean pressed another wet kiss to Castiel’s throat and he nipped on the skin. He slipped another finger inside of Castiel and pushed it deep into him, rubbing against Castiel’s prostate. The blue eyed man first let out a cry then it quickly turned into a moan and he rocked back on Dean’s fingers to feel it again. Dean pushed forward again, almost as if he was thrusting into Castiel and that made the other man arch his back towards Dean.
“We’re just friends, doesn’t mean I don’t like to suck your cock,” Dean retorted and Castiel laughed again. “What is so funny?” Castiel couldn’t help his laughter. Dean was being so serious, and he looked so grumpy, and it was because he thought Charlie was some guy. That Castiel and Charlie could be fooling around as much as Dean and Castiel. He shook his head and looked up at Dean.
“I might have,” he mumbled and Castiel looked up for only a second before seeing Green Eyes and immediately averting his gaze. “I just wanted to buy some books Dean.” Dean, fuck Castiel could have died right there. His name was Dean, a perfect name to fit such an overwhelmingly attractive body. Castiel was reminded of all the Deans. James Dean, Dean Jagger, Dean Stockwell, Dean Martin, and now this Dean. This Dean that was the most perfect and beautiful creature to ever grace this Earth.
“Ruffled a few roosters,” he said and Castiel smirked. “So I know what you’re going to be doing when Sam isn’t around. Don’t think I haven’t seen the mess you’ve made in the kitchen from your adventures.”
Castiel sat the bottle back down and grabbed his cup before turning to look at Dean head on. “You certainly do. You look right at home, so why are you bothering me?” He knocked back what little whiskey he’d poured into his cup, and did his best to disregard the little sway he got from doing so. Dean’s smile shifted then, from knowing to full on shit-eating. It was infuriating, or at least Castiel tried to convince himself that it was.
“Yeah, they did,” she said and that did nothing to clear things with Castiel and make things simple. “Every year they come for the summer because Ellen, the owner of the Roadhouse, gives Dean a job bartending.” That still made no sense to Castiel. He cocked his head to the side and narrowed his eyes.
“Well, you can’t always get what you want Dean,” Sam said, smiling and looking at his brother as they slipped their jackets on.
“Cause he’s not here, and I can’t just call him whenever I want to. It’s not like he has an actual number that he’ll always be around.” Charlie looked down, but she nodded.
“I wasn’t born yesterday, I’ve seen every science fiction flick you can think of,” he said and she cocked a brow.
“He’s not with me,” Dean commented and Castiel turned to glare at him, adjusting his glasses. “We’re just sleeping together.”
“We got about another hour,” Sam called, obviously engrossed in his book by his tone. Dean nodded, even though his brother couldn’t see him, and he started up again. It was a song, an actual good and emotional song. It was a song with meaning and life, and Dean actually wrote it. He continued to play and write, anxiously waiting for them to arrive at the stadium. Maybe this was the song he was missing. Maybe this was the one piece in his new album that he needed. Dean played his noted, and he sang a little on the bus, smiling. He poked his head out of his room and looked to Sam.
“You’re such a clutz man,” Dean chuckled as he moved to help his friend back up onto his feet. Castiel smirked as he looked up at Dean and gripped his hand tightly, pulling the hand and making Dean crash down onto the ground as well.
“Fuck Cas,” he mumbled as his hands slipped themselves from Castiel’s shirt. The blue eyed man’s hand fell from Dean’s hair and he just leaned against the counter, deciding if he could move or not. “That was,” a small dry chuckle escaped Dean’s lips. “That was amazing.” Castiel smiled and he nodded. Eventually he moved his hands down to pull up his pants and he turned to face Dean fully. “We’re doing it again.”
“I know,” Dean said cheekily and Tessa rolled her eyes again. “So we’re just waiting on Cas and Meg.” Tessa nodded and Dean started his car. The Impala roared to life and Dean let out a small sigh. “She’s so beautiful.”
“I love you,” he breathed out softly and arched his back up as he felt Dean’s hands wrap around Castiel’s cock. “Oh fuck.” Castiel smirked widely and looked down to see his lover’s smirking face. The question was now if they were more than lovers? They had just declared their love for each other. Did that mean long distance? Did it mean that Dean would follow Castiel to California? Castiel wasn’t sure, but when Dean pressed soft kisses to his neck he didn’t out rightly care. “I love you.”
“Castiel!” He heard Charlie call from behind him and he turned around with a smile. “Where the fuck did you go?”
“And I thought you hated my scientific pants,” he mumbled and that caused Castiel to let out a breath of laughter. Dean leaned down to press his kiss to Castiel, his crotch already showing an interest in the other. The Novak pressed back, hands slipping themselves under Dean’s shirt and hiking it up. “Really? Right here?” Castiel pushed away from Dean.
“Well,” he huffed as he clenched his jaw. “How would you feel,” he leaned over and licked his lips. “If you weren’t allowed to look at the sexiest man in the room.” Dean smirked and he leaned a little closer to Castiel.
“Think that we should send Tran out? I mean he’s a dweeb but damn, the kid can run fast,” Dean said as he looked over toward the only player to completely stick out among them. He was shorter than all of them, the only freshman who actually had all of his classes with Dean and knew how to catch a ball.
“Castiel!” Charlie snapped, causing Castiel to push himself out of his flashback state. “Did you hear anything I just said?”
“Oh really?” Green Eyes nodded. “And why do you say that?” Castiel licked his lips and watched as Green Eyes did it in return, so they were making gestures at each other.
"A two point lead is something we need," Castiel said as he twirled his wrist, the bones slightly cracking and making Dean wince. "Being tied isn't winning."
Lube. For once in their actual sexual life Dean had lube. “Oh you shouldn’t have,” Castiel teased and pulled Dean close to him, making the Winchester boy drop the bottle. ‘But thank God. I was tired of using spit.” Dean chuckled and picked up the bottle as Castiel moved to kiss at his neck, at his collarbone, his jaw, his ears, anything he could reach.
“I don’t like it,” he whispered and that earned him a chuckle and another peck of lips onto his chest, lower than the last one, aiming more toward his stomach.
“I think you should fake, but pass the ball to someone close but don’t do it yourself,” Bobby replied as he looked at Dean. “We need our quarterback, don’t get fucked up by Michael.” Dean nodded and watched as Balthazar kick the ball to signal the Hunters getting control of it. He let out a groan and looked at Castiel.
“I’m dead serious Cas,” he said and looked at Castiel with one of the most serious expressions the blue eyed boy had ever seen. “He’s never been with someone like you, and I’m not just saying that because you’re a man. I’m saying it in the sense that he’s never been with someone more than a week. Never talked about someone for more than two days. You’re different, and he loves you.” Castiel just stared at him. He didn’t want to believe it. Dean Winchester couldn’t love him, that was not how this arrangement was supposed to work. He was supposed to leave the other boy, to go to college and forget about him.
“The best,” Castiel answered for Dean, pecking softly as he shuffled a little bit. “I mean it was just-“
“Okay,” he murmured and Castiel shook because that was something he’d been waiting to hear for almost two weeks. He smiled widely and he felt Dean tug his pants down roughly, causing him to let out a low moan. His grip on the counter tightened and he pushed back against Dean more.
“Well that’s good,” he mumbled and Castiel yawned. “Go get some rest, those hickeys will hurt like hell in the morning.” The blue eyed man’s eyes grew wide and Gabriel barked a laugh. “A friend of yours dropped this off.” He handed Castiel his book and then yawned himself. “She said you were jazzed about something.” Castiel looked down at the book and he smiled sheepishly.
Castiel wiped his face and he looked up at Dean. “How was that?” He asked in a broken voice. Dean smiled down at him and nodded.
“Castiel?” A familiar voice rang through his fantasy and he jumped, springing forward in his seat as the entire flashback diminished.
Green Eyes’ mouth felt so fucking good and amazing wrapped around Castiel that if he hadn’t been holding back with every inch of his being he would have came the second he felt it. He rolled his hips again and then felt the other man start bobbing his head up and down. Castiel moaned again and his hold on the other’s hair only tightened. He tugged and pulled and his head lolled back. His mouth opened and he moaned again before whimpering because he had lost the touch. Castiel’s eyes finally opened and he looked down at Green Eyes. “Why,” fuck he was so breathless, “why did you stop?” He asked and he felt the other’s lips only moments later. The blue eyed man moved his hands from Green Eyes’ hair to wrap around his neck and felt the calloused hands of him pull down Castiel’s pants even more, till they were just discarded clothing on the bottom of his car. Castiel lunged forward, lips still connected with the other man’s as he straddled his legs on either side of the him. He was so hungry, so hungry for more touching. Castiel had never been like this before, never been so wrapped up in another man. Green Eyes’ broke the kiss for a second, or maybe more, but Castiel couldn’t even comprehend time, and pressed his forehead to Castiel’s. He looked down at his jeans and a second later Castiel felt the other man’s cock against his own.
“If you still have to ask what do you think?” Castiel grumbled in response as he slipped on his bright blue under armor. Dean let out a sigh and raised his arms in defeat.
“So what if Dean got a mullet?” She asked, now being informed of Dean’s name as well as all of their excursions. Castiel shook his head.
“Yes,” he panted slightly as Dean’s fingers wrapped around Castiel’s cock, stroking down a second later. “Yes I want your cock Dean.” His eyes fluttered and as Dean pulled away to take his own pants off Castiel kept his eyes closed, relishing in the moment. He panted slightly and moved to strip himself of his shirt. “Should we crawl into the back?” Dean shook his head and Castiel just sat back against the seat again. In a matter of moments Castiel was writhing underneath Dean, moaning and trying his best to contain every inch of himself.
