Peter didn't look the least bit troubled, "I know, dad. But right now I gotta do my own thing."
"I told you to stop talking. Didn't I?" Tony bristled. "I'm busy."
"Don't worry about it, Stark. It doesn't concern you." There was another noise mixed in with Bruce's voice. It sounded like he was typing. "You've put a lot of effort into keeping Peter safe. You've done a terrible job of it, but you
"Tony...what's going on? What happened?" Natasha asked, her eyes full of concern.
"Tony," Natasha was looking at him in a way that Tony couldn't quite describe. She had watched Tony hook the repulsor up to the reactor and had become concerned when she saw the state of the energy source. She moved closer to him and spoke in a voice only he could hear. "You're dying."
"I'm not in a good place right now. Enjoy the party, Cap."
"Does it hurt?" Steve asked. "Having metal...um, yeah."
"What the hell is that?!" Steve clapped his hands over his ears.
"Yeah, no. She answers to me, not you," Tony waved a wrench at the wallcrawler. "I want that thing out of here as soon as you find it."
"I had a dream about him last night."
"Outside the tower?"
"I'm a bad influence on you," Iron Man chuckled. "Seriously, you'll blow your head off." He carefully removed the gauntlet from Steve's hands. Picking up a screwdriver, he got to work on fixing the bolts Steve had unintentionally loosened.
It's done. Holy shit, it's actually done!
"I think I may know someone who could help with that..." Natasha gently put a hand on his back and brought him closer to the group. "Steve, is the Doctor still in New York?"
"These things are making me look bad," Tony growled, ripping apart the head of a bot with his hands.
"I don't care. Ned got hurt in the explosion. I'm not leaving until I get even," Michelle stood her ground. "I'm going to fight by your side and you can't stop me!"
"I repeat, Harry is not a bad person," Peter pulled at his hair. "He doesn't even know his dad is the Green Goblin."
Steve nodded and took a seat at the breakfast bar, "I did actually. It's good to be home." He gave Tony a friendly smile and was slightly shocked that Tony actually returned it. Last night, everyone had been on edge. Tony, in particular, was giving them the cold shoulder, speaking only when necessary and giving them all disgusted looks. Rhodey had been the one to actually welcome them home and show them to their rooms. Steve had heard about Rhodey's injury and was relieved to see that Tony had perfected the exoskeleton that helped him walk again.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I don't think getting physical with him would've been in anyone's best interest...Ms. Potts, I will make this right. I promise you-"
Tony looked up at Steve, who was looking at the chat on his own phone. They exchanged a worried look before grabbing the donut boxes and rushing out the door. Both Tony and Peter had been in and out of therapy the last two years. Peter had been doing a lot better because of it. Unfortunately, there were days when he didn't do so well. Usually, Peter's episodes consisted of him having extreme panic attacks and flashbacks. The worst one had happened six months ago. Clint had been the one to find him doubled over on the living room floor, screaming and clawing at his face. Trying to get rid of the thread that had been long since removed from his mouth. Thankfully, Tony wasn't too far from the facility and was able to quickly come to the boy's aid.
"My son is perfectly capable of taking care of himself." Tony shot back. "Now if you will excuse me, I have work to do." With that, the engineer stormed off. Steve felt someone watching him and turned to see Peter standing directly behind him. The white lenses of his mask seemed to bore into Steve's very soul. They were set to their average size, making Peter's emotions unreadable. Before Steve could say anything Spider-man turned on heel and walked away.
Peter laughed at that, "she's a baby. She'll get bigger."
"I'm guessing it has something to do with the Hulk and Scarlet Witch?" Robert frowned.
Steve crawled up onto the beach, dragging Iron Man with him. "y...you okay?" He leaned forward on his hands, panting heavily.
"So you told him where we were?" Natasha frowned.
"The boot jets are compromised."
Everyone was distraught over the news.
"C'mon kid, don't make this harder than it needs to be." Tony wrapped his arms around Peter's middle, trapping the web slinger's arms against his sides.
"Hey, where's Peter? He should be out here with us!" Sam said.
"I know. I told him that you stabbed our neighbor, got me pregnant and burned down the entire city block before we finished unpacking the kitchen," MJ said with a completely blank look on her face.
"You attacked my friend. I had no choice." Natasha knelt down to inspect the bullet wound in his shoulder.
"Son of a bitch," Peter hissed right as Bruce crushed the device in his fist.
"I have. More than once." Steve couldn't help but smile.
"What did you tell him?"
"Director Fury, I really think you should wait before questioning Spider-man. He needs to rest," Bruce advised.
"I want to go home," Tony repeated.
Spider-man mustered up all his strength and pushed past Steve, running straight for the intruder. Or intruders? He was still seeing double. He wasn't even aware that one of the tentacles had grabbed him until it yanked him off his feet and flung him outside. Spider-man tumbled through the mud and skidded to a halt. The intruder was making his way right for him.
"I have called Mjölnir. Pray that it shall reach us soon," Thor answered.
"Young Stark has returned to a place they call...what was it? Queens? Yes, Queens." Thor finished for him. "So strange, to have a city full of nothing but royalty."
Tony flinched at his words. "You're not the revenge type, Pete. If you go through with this and survive...you won't be the same person you were before."
"You people should have alerted me of the situation much sooner," Fury continued. "The moment Peter told you what happened, you should have contacted me. All this bullshit could have been resolved by now."
Either way, Tony rushed over to him and wrapped him in a tight hug. "Shh, shh, breath. Just breathe." Peter drew in a shaky breath. "There you go. Breathe with me okay, kiddo? In. And out. In...and out. There you go, it's gonna be alright. Just keep breathing...in...and out..." Tony continued to speak softly to Peter until the teen was breathing normally again. Peter snaked his arms around Tony, hugging him tightly. Tony kissed the top of his head and rubbed soothing circles into his back.
"You look like shit."
"She didn't say we would. We'll just have to find a way up there without this guy's help. He got us close enough. We can continue on foot." Clint pointed out. He gracefully jumped down from the wagon, smiling at his recently healed ankle.
"You know someone stole my schematics," Iron Man reminded Fury. "They already built one working bot. Who's to say they couldn't do it again? Don't you see that I've been framed?!"
"What are my actual injuries?" Tony propped himself up on one elbow. His prosthetic hadn't been replaced. He was seeing in shades of blue again, but couldn't find the strength to focus his human eye. Pepper moved around to his other side, checking on the IV in his arm.
The Hulk's roar sounded through the entire compound.
"I think you've 'helped' enough, Stark. We saw everything," Fury walked calmly over to the Avenger. "On top of everything else that you are currently being arrested for, you can add attempted murder and child abuse to that list."
Peter grit his teeth, "well damn, you don't have to be such a jerk about it."
"I think you're right. Well, Ned. It's been fun, but I think I'm going to call it a night," Spider-man announced.
"Let's keep the chatter to a minimum tonight. This is serious, Barton," Banner reminded him. He was waiting in the Quinjet, praying that this wouldn't turn into a code green situation.
"I wonder if they're this worried about the toaster."
to find him.
"And Spider-man?" Wanda looked back at the screen. There was an argument going on between Captain America and what must have been the police chief. Tony had positioned himself between the police and Spider-man and wouldn't let anyone get close. The camera zoomed in on the wall crawler, who was shaking badly and had one hand latched onto Tony's sleeve.
. The buck glanced at each of them as it moved around them, stepping up onto the bank. Its pupil-less eyes fell onto Tony, who was standing at the tree line. It grunted and lowered its massive head. Then, it charged. Right at Tony.
Anyway, thank you for reading! :D
Spider-man remained firmly planted in his seat. "I'm not asking for your approval. I'm not asking you to follow me into battle, either. Queens is my responsibility. I'm going to defend it. I suggest you get out of this jet and out of my way." He was done messing around, and it showed by the way his lenses narrowed. Spidey lowered the ramp, "last chance. I'm about to take off."
"This seems like a bad place to have a battle," Clint commented over the comms.
"I see. Stranger things have happened on my world," Thor didn't question it one bit. "My brother has a thing for horses."
"Which one?"
"No. Tony Stark made the one you are wearing now. Another way for him to control you," Wanda explained. "It could have a tracker in it. You don't want Stark to find you, do you?" Peter wrinkled his nose in disgust and took the other suit, marching off behind the stairs, where he could change in privacy. The first thing he noticed when he had the old suit on was the odd bit of paper sticking out of the belt. Peter frowned and plucked it from the fabric. Upon unfolding it, he found it was a photo. It was of him and people who he assumed were the Avengers. And they were playing monopoly? Wanda and Bruce were in the photo as well. It must have been taken before Stark went mad. There was a note on the back, but the message just left more questions than answers.
Tony stumbled into the lab around noon. He found Peter asleep at one of the work tables. Papers and small mechanical parts were strewn around him. "You need to stop pulling all-nighters, kid," Tony sighed. He decided to pick the web-slinger up and take him to his actual bedroom. Tony had plans to work on his new suit today and didn't want the sound to wake Peter up. It took a few tries, but Tony managed to lift Peter into his arms. The kid didn't way much, which worried him, but Peter had always been on the small side, so he tried not to think about it.
"Hey, dad..." Peter opened his eyes a fraction. "That was weird."
"Even love?"
Also, I'm picturing Anthony's costume being something like the second Superior Spider-man one, with the black lenses and the gauntlets.
"I'm busy, dad." Peter groaned. "I kinda got a city to protect here." Hearing his voice reminded him of the conversation he had had with Osborn just hours before. Now probably wasn't the best time to bring it up.
"Why? Last I checked you couldn't wait to wear the Iron Spider suit. You wouldn't shut up about it," Tony finally looked up at his son. "What is it with you and sitting on everything except for an actual chair? Get off the table." He poked Peter's leg with a screwdriver.
Clint practically jumped over the table to strangle Peter, who jumped onto the ceiling. Clint grabbed a broom and tried to knock him down.
Peter stared at him wide eyed. He tugged his mask back over his face. He kept his hands on the ends of his mask, holding the fabric tightly over his mouth.
"Okay."
Tony leaned out of the bathroom, gripping the doorframe with his metal hand. "Buck...?"
"Is your friend staying for dinner, Peter?" Steve called from the kitchen area, where he and Sam were preparing a meal. "It's taco night. Plenty to go around."
"Steve deserves a lot of things, Bucky."
"You're telling me!" Steve grunted as he bat one of the suits away with his shield. These things weren't like the frail bots Obadiah had made. These were Tony's suits. And they didn't go down easily. Outside, Captain America could see Tony flipping through the air, giving Ultron everything he had. Steve was amazed by how well the other man was able to hold his own with only one repulsor. Ultron grabbed Tony and threw him across the yard. He tumbled in the grass for several yards before using his flight stabilizers to right himself. Steve lost sight of him after that.
Peter smiled back before heading off down the hall. He paused in the living room, tapping his knuckles on the Iron Man helmet on the mantle. "Night, dad."
"Pass the salt, please?" Peter asked Clint. Clint flipped him off and salted his own food again just to spite Peter. The web slinger responded by using his webs to yank the shaker out of Clint's hands.
"What's broken? The suit?" Rhodey must have seen that his eyes were dark. That the suit was dead. But Tony wasn't referring to the suit. "Are you injured?" The faceplate was ripped off. Cold air clawed at Tony's face. "Oh god, Tones..." Metal fingertips brushed over Tony's exposed cheek. "We need to get you to a hospital. Fuck. Hospital wouldn't be able to fix this...Jarvis, where should I take him?" Usually Tony would've flinched at the way Rhodey was touching the cybernetic parts of his face. He wore a prosthetic for a reason. What had happened to it? Tony was too tired to remember. Or care. "Alright. Alright. I'm gonna take you to Pepper. Just like we always do when you get hurt." The last sentence sounded like Rhodey was trying to reassure himself that Tony was going to be okay. Rhodey slipped one arm under Tony's shoulders, and the other under his knees. "I'm going to lift you up, okay?"
"How about we watch something actually good for a change?" Clint spoke up. "This is supposed to be a learning experience for Cap."
Voices drifted down the hall, pulling Steve from his thoughts. He recognized Tony's voice right away and followed it to the kitchen. The Avenger was leaning against the counter, staring out the window as he spoke into his cell phone.
Tony's expression softened. "I'd like that," he sat cross legged on the floor, facing his partner. Steve did the same.
"Okay," Steve nodded slowly. "I'm here for you if you change your mind."
Bruce pinched the bridge of his nose. "I don't think they're-"
Steve chuckled and closed his book. Tony kept coming up with new things for Peter to tinker with, wanting him to keep his mind off of past events. Every day they built something new or worked on one of their suits together. All of the Avengers were convinced Peter had developed PTSD, based on his change in behavior right before the battle in Queens, and the nightmares he had been having ever since then. Although, they all had different ideas about how he should handle it. Tony's method seemed to be doing the trick so far. It had gotten Peter to smile again, and the teen was finally starting to act like his old self.
"They got it..." Tony stared down at his now empty hand.
"Jarvis-" Tony opened the flaps on his shoulders to give himself an extra boost. A loud bang could be heard as he blasted ahead even faster than before.
"Language," Steve warned.
"Whatever floats your boat. I'm serious though, I think we should go on a real date."
"Why don't we just kill Brucy-boy right now?" Clint growled.
Bucky jumped the person, wrapping his arms around their torso, immobilizing their arms. "Who are you? How did you get in here? SHIT!!" The two suddenly became airborne. Energy not unlike Iron Man's repulsors blasted out of the intruder's feet, sending them crashing into the ceiling. Bucky kept a firm hold on the intruder, barely flinching when he was rammed into the ceiling a second time. The intruder threw his weight to the side, spinning them around so quickly that Bucky lost his grip and was flung across the room. He crashed into a workbench, which collapsed under his weight.
Tony pulled a pile of napkins out his pillowcase. They contained more pictures of Ultron, along with some notes about how he could improve the design for Ultron's AI.
"I will," Peter promised aloud. He went for Steve first, disarming him and engaging in a fist fight. It was almost too easy. Before, Peter had been holding back out of fear of hurting his friends. But this wasn't sparring practice anymore. This was life or death and Peter planned on being the one to live. Tony came to Steve's aid, unfortunately, his attacks were too slow. Spider-man dodged and countered each blow. It wasn't long before Tony's suit was in shambles. When FRIDAY tried to send new parts, Spider-man was always there to make sure Tony didn't get them.
Peter put a finger to his lips.
"So you found him. Thank god, I was so worried. I saw him take on those guys but he ran off, oh my gosh there was so much blood...is he going to be okay?" Ned's voice shook.
"Fantastic," Clint yawned. He didn't care what Fury wanted as long as he got some sleep beforehand.
"That. And I'm just...tired."
"Please take this seriously," Steve punched his arm.
"Eight years is a long time, remember?" Peter ducked away from Thor, taking a few steps away from everyone.
"How does it work?" Steve leaned in close to the robot.
The music shut off, and Tony instantly whirled around, looking absolutely murderous. "Don't. Touch. My. Music."
"What do you mean?" Bucky frowned.
"What else is new?" Tony was already at his dresser, pulling out the black under armor.
Spider-man was pulled out of his thought by the sound of glass shattering, shortly followed by an alarm. Spidey stayed where he was, not wanting to get involved. But then someone started screaming for help, and Peter wasn't able to sit back any longer.
"He's a Stark. Starks are pretty tough from what I've seen."
After including Happy in the last chapter I realized I've been neglecting his character for like...the entire story. Oops. So I tried to include him a bit more in this chapter. Hopefully, I won't forget him in future chapters. I have a lot of characters to keep track of...
"We'll see about that..." Steve called Natasha into his office and asked her to help hack into Stark's files.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You can't control everything. I trust you, Steve. I trust you to bring my body back here and help me get patched up if something does happen." Iron Man looked up at him, faceplate as unreadable as ever.
"Osborn..." Tony snarled. "What have you done with my son?!"
Steve's heart ached at the empty look in Tony's brown eye.
"Okay, I know him. He's a nice dude, with cool hair. And he helped make my suit. What else do you want to know?" Spidey huffed.
"Yeah, but it came out in 2019. So Thor hasn't seen it!" Clint defended his favorite movie. The rest of the team was ambling around the common area, getting in their seats or retrieving snacks from the kitchen.
Tony tightened his grip on the handle. He felt like his brain had been put in a blender with no lid. Conflicting thoughts seemed to spew out from all directions.
"Nice work, kid." Tony smiled softly at his son, "but why the fuck didn't you say anything?"
"Why tell me about it then? Now that I know about it, I'll just get Stark and Banner to take it out."
"I know you do. But we still don't know how to remove them without damaging the tissue in your arms," Tony sighed.
"STEVE!!" Iron Man shrieked, diving for him. He wasn't going fast enough. There was too much distance between them.
Tony decided right then and there that Peter needed to get out of the compound. And so, less than an hour later, Peter found himself in the passenger's seat of Tony's car. Tony had announced it was "father and son bonding time" and stuck Peter in the car before the teen could protest.
"Tony-"
"Stop apologizing. Starks don't apologize."
"Just giving him my report. And telling him about how I got shit on by a bird. Hey! Stop laughing!"
"You sound familiar. Have we met before?"
“You coming too, Stevie?”
"We need to have a serious talk,
Bucky stiffed. "He what?"
Clint looked up and screamed in horror.
Peter rolled his eyes under his mask. He appreciated everyone's concern, but everyone starting their conversation with some form of "I'm glad you're alive" was starting to get on his nerves. "It's going," Peter answered his question. "How are you? I don't believe we've met."
"No! You're not a killer! You didn't kill your Aunt and Uncle. You were just in the wrong place at the wrong time. You don't have any blood on your hands and I won't allow you to get any!" Tony shot back. "Wanda's messing with your head. This isn't you. You need to fight whatever she's telling you to do!"
Thankfully, Peter's injuries hadn't been as bad as they initially looked. So Bruce had been the one to tend to Peter's wounds, as opposed to the Avengers personal medical team. His forearms and wrists looked like they had been dissected. Thankfully, that was the worst of it. Other than of course, the tiny holes in Peter's lips from the thread. "Who gave you the choice?" Bruce frowned. "You still haven't told us who did this to you."
"Break anything and I will light you on fire," Iron Man threatened. He waved a hand, bringing up several holographic screens around the workbench that the murder bot had been placed on.
Everyone went quiet when a pair of SHIELD agents entered the room. They took Rhodey away for questioning.
"Hey, Shellhead!" Steve smiled brightly at Iron Man, who had just entered the living room. Iron Man slowly approached Steve, looking him up an down as he did so. Steve hadn't bothered changing out of his work out clothes. He didn't really need to, considering he had hardly broken a sweat. "Thought you and Bucky were out for the day?"
"The filtration system in my helmet is top notch. It's actually healthier to breathe with it than without."
Venom stopped growling. The symbiote was still having trouble staying together. A few large drops of goo hit the ground with a gross squishing noise. Venom knew what this woman meant to Peter. Knew just how much Peter trusted her. And she hadn't flat out attacked him like the rest of the Avengers, so at the moment, Venom had no reason to want to kill her.
"Tony..." Steve took a deep breath. "Just stop." He turned on heel and left.
"What?" Iron Man's faceplate was as emotionless as ever.
"Oh, h-hey dad," Peter relaxed and hugged his father, his voice was weak and he was breathing much too loudly. Tony returned the hug gently, afraid to hurt him even more than he already had. He pulled away after a minute and held Peter at arm's length. Heavy bandages could be seen through the hole in his suit. An ugly bruise covered the side of his jaw where the Iron Man suit had punched him. Tony looked him over carefully, just to make sure Bruce hadn't tried anything.
"I'll live," Iron Man spoke softly. "I've been through worse. Where are you taking us, Barton?"
"There's no pregnant wife and kids in there, right?" Tony teased, remembering the last time they used a safe house. They didn't want to risk putting Clint's family in danger, so they didn't go back to the farm house.
"Oh, goodie, you're alive," Bucky huffed.
"Yeah, be nice to your boyfriend!" Bucky grinned.
"You don't work for any of those people. You work for me. As my personal assistant, I trust that you will get the job done. You have one week. Start searching," Osborn snarled. "Leave the symbiote with me."
"MJ, yes," Michelle smirked.
"Because they already have all of SHIELD against us. Destroying Queens and blaming it on us would be redundant." Natasha assured him. "What would you do if you did go to Queens tonight? You're in no shape to web sling. Much less fight."
"What do you mean?" Tony blinked.
"No, I'm not."
"I'm fine, Cap. Really," Iron Man said. "Just a bit shaken up."
Peter glanced back at Steve, who refused to meet Peter's gaze. Tony was deathly silent, staring at Steve in disbelief. Natasha fidgetted, eyes downcast. They hadn't known the extent of what Bruce had been doing until it was too late. They both regretted not telling anyone when they first found out.
"I don't know what you're talking about."
Peter watched the entire video in shock. He glanced over at the kitchen island, where most of the Avengers were still gather. Tony and Sam were laughing at something Rhodey had said. Steve noticed Peter looking at them and motioned for him to come over. Peter shook his head and turned his attention back to his phone. He went from video to video, finding more bar fights Tony had been in, and more press statements given by various members of the team. Peter had been completely oblivious to all of it at the time.
"Because he cares about you," Clint said. "We all do. But Steve cares about you in a more...intimate way. I don't know if that's the right word, but you get what I mean."
Peter looked like he wanted to rip Steve's head off. "STOP. ATTACKING. ME." He flung the shield back at Steve, hitting him in the gut.
"Stark has a kid?" Bucky gave Steve a nervous look. "I really don't like that idea of a miniature Stark. He'll go right for my shins."
Tony shot a glare in the direction of the first reporter who spoke.
"Sorry, I would've called. But Ned still has my phone," Peter glanced over at his long time friend, who promptly jumped up and retrieved the phone from a desk drawer.
It wasn't long before the entire team knew there was a tarantula on the loose. Everyone was determined to find it, although for different reasons. Steve, Wanda, and Bruce just wanted to find it for Peter's sake. Clint and Sam were afraid it would hurt someone. Natasha and Peter were afraid someone might hurt it. That someone being Tony. Vision floated through the tower, scanning for life forms. The Avengers seemed to have developed an ant problem, slowing down the android.
"If I may interrupt," Jarvis spoke up, "Mr. Wilson has asked me to inform you both that dinner is ready."
"Depends on your definition of 'alright'. Did you know he was dating someone?"
"No, no, no, don't..." Tony rolled back onto his side, curling up into a tight ball. "Please, stop."
"I ask not for your permission. I merely ask that you step aside."
"I'm always difficult." Iron Man headbutted Steve in the chin. Not hard enough to hurt him, but not very pleasant either.
"I think you should leave," Steve steadied the punching bag with his hands.
Tony didn't answer.
"Tony, he doesn't know!" Natasha tried to reason with him.
"We are. Thanks to you. What's your name, soldier?" Steve held out his hand for the agent to shake.
Sunlight filtered in through the blinds of the work shop. Tony stumbled over to the couch, in desperate need of sleep. His eyes were barely open and he was finding his way to the couch through touch.
"I know you're there. No need to keep hiding," Stane called.
"I don't want to fight either. But I need you to come with me-"
"What brings you here, Spidey?" Wanda asked. She still had tons of questions, but she was suspicious about why Spider-man was at the compound. It was a long way from Queens, and the wall-crawler only made the trek if they had a mission or meeting.
"Not dead yet, so that's that," Iron Man groaned. They had laid him out on the couch as soon as they arrived. Rhodey wouldn't be able to patch him up with the others breathing down his neck. It was obvious that Tony was in pain, But Rhodey wasn't too worried. His scans showed that Tony wasn't in need of any immediate medical attention. Plus the armor was proving him with enough painkillers to take the edge off, so they could afford to wait. Tony felt like his head had been ripped from his body and kept poking at it to make sure it was still attached. Steve took hold of one of his hands when he made a move to do so again. Steve's other hand hovered over Iron Man's throat, gentle fingers fluttering over the cuts. The motor oil had turned everything black, and he couldn't get a good look at the damage. "I'm okay, Steve," Tony whispered, noticing the concerned look on his friend's face.
"I suppose," Steve said softly as the robot stepped out into the moonlight. Unpainted scraps of titanium alloy had been welded over the cuts in his armor. The oil had been scrubbed from his chest and throat, but there was still a noticeable brown stain on the paint. "How are you feeling?"
Rhodes' image was pushed to the corner of the screen, a blurry image of the missile taking up the rest of it. There was no mistaking the Stark Industries logo on the side.
There were other questions, but those were the ones that stood out to Peter.
"Is this a code green situation?" Bruce asked.
"Tony-"
Ending on a happy flash back because this shit about to get REAL.
He then healed the gash on Tony's arm. Tony pulled his shirt up just enough to allow the man to heal his ribs. The man pointed at the arc reactor and said something.
"That was the plan," Obadiah said coolly.
The explosion completely obliterated the lab, causing the entire tower to shake. Tony was vaguely aware of himself falling.
Pepper stormed over and wrestled Tony off the bed. "You lost an arm. Again. They're worried."
Peter sat in silence for a long time. Nothing happened.
Iron Man threw his head back and groaned. "Not again."
Tony cleared a spot on the table and kicked a stool over to Steve. "What's our next move, oh captain, my captain?"
"I made you a better person. A better hero. We can still work together."
"Ned?" Peter's eyes lit up upon hearing his friend's name.
Hope you enjoyed!
"Enjoy the party, Cap," Iron Man repeated.
Steve helped Clint take his things to his car. The Captain and the archer gave one another a warm embrace. "Safe travels."
"Spider-man," Steve muttered, still trapped under a web. "I thought that much was clear."
"He keeps talking about a red light. And blue thread. Said something about a bird once. Like I said. Nonsense."
"All these years we've known each other, and you think I don't know when you're lying to me?" Rhodey crossed his arms. "I know that you're not coping. At all. How many panic attacks did you have yesterday? I believe it was three. You diving head first into Avengers duties is a bad idea and you know it."
"All of it. Pete and I were walking home from school and all of a sudden he told me to run. But I didn't. I hid behind a dumpster. Then this car drove up, with a bunch of dudes-" Ned was cut off by static.
"She is. But she also has a boyfriend who's in the bathroom," Steve pointed out. "And here he comes..." he quickly averted his eyes.
"Can you...nevermind." Steve looked away.
"Stop yelling..." Tony had his eyes screwed shut, "I'm fine...ow..." the armor groaned as he forced himself into a sitting position. "Oh fuck..."
"Not how I thought my night would go, but hey, at least this is interesting," Clint said over the comms.
"What were you talking to Happy about yesterday?" Tony asked, not liking the silence.
The man who had rejected him. Shattered his heart into a million pieces. Well, not his heart specifically. His creator's. Still, the memories existed within Ultron's mind. He wanted to make that man pay. He wanted to make them all pay for hurting him and his creator. In the end, he would kill Tony as well. He'd save his creator for last, feeling as though he owed it to him due to their kinship. Who knows, maybe Tony would appreciate Ultron killing the Avengers, and decide to work with the AI to restore world peace? Ultron would much rather his other self fight with him than against him.
"What's wrong with him?" Clint frowned.
Natasha shook her head, "they're still patching him up."
Tony rubbed his temples. It was too early for this nonsense.
"No. I asked around town. People said they heard explosions on the same day, but no one saw anything. Rhodey's there now. Scanning for signs of Tony's tech."
Tony's expression darkened. "No. And you're not a science project. I meant before the symbiote bonded with you."
Everyone was hovered outside Peter's door when they arrived.
“I’m sorry,” was all Steve could think to say. He rubbed his thumb over Tony’s cheek, tracing one of the many scars the Jericho had left on his body. Both men jumped when the door was kicked open.
"You guys will be too busy taking down the Hulk. This is something I have to do myself," Spider-man leaned forward, palms on the table.
"I would be surprised," Steve countered. He put on the autopilot and spun the chair around to face his team. "Who here genuinely cares about Peter? Who would willingly give their life to keep him safe?" Everyone raised their hands. "And who would willingly do the same for anyone on this team?" Steve continued. Everyone kept their hands in the air. "And is anyone opposed to being interrogated by SHIELD?" All the hands lowered.
This chapter was super fun to write.
"Are you alright?" Steve frowned.
Tony set down his phone, "that's good because I just got an email from Fury. We're all being called in for questioning tomorrow morning."
"Because he's a good person who can accept people for their flaws." Pepper sighed.
"Do they know now? About me?" Tony whispered. Everything hurt. He vaguely remembered getting his ass handed to him by another bot. And being held by Steve. Kind Steve. It was nice. Being held by the man he loved. It probably wouldn't happen ever again. Not if Steve had found out the truth.
This chapter originally suuuuper long, but I decided to cut it into three parts to build suspense. Plus I didn't want to give away our traitor too soon...
Steve knew she was right, but couldn't bring himself to admit it.
But it was worse.
Osborn frowned, "that's a difficult request. I left the wall crawler in the care of Kraven the Hunter. And he won't give up his prey without a fight."
"Sit with me," Tony whispered. Bucky did as he asked and put an arm around the sobbing cyborg.
Iron Man nodded.
"I'm here for you. You didn't think I'd just abandon you, did you?"
"Our evidence says otherwise," Maria flicked her hand. A third whip snapped around Tony's throat and yanked him back several feet.
"We're not on a mission. I don't have to do jack shit for you."
"I'm not a kid. I'll be eighteen soon-"
Rhodey groaned loudly. Steve barreled across the burned down building, practically tackling his teammate. "Is he okay?! I need to see him! Where is he now?!" Bucky handed the phone over, and Steve repeated his frantic questions.
"Shouldn't you be with the bride?" Steve raised an eyebrow. All the men were gathered in the room, fretting over Peter. Natasha had burst in a few minutes ago.
"What? No! He's just a friend! I'm not gay! At least, I don't think I am. I dunno," Peter rambled, "boys are cool but so are girls, ya know?"
Steve opened his mouth to say something but closed it again.
"He speaks! Wonderful! I'd rather not kill one of my own, so I'd appreciate it if you stand down."
"We literally had this same conversation a few weeks ago! You believed me when I told you Banner did it-"
"We're at Pepper's. Physically? He's going to be just fine."
"You've had plenty of chances," Steve hissed. "Two years worth of chances. What we had..." he shook his head in disgust. "That wasn't a healthy relationship, Tony. And we shouldn't continue it."
Tony honestly had no idea what was going on in the movie. Something about talking monkeys taking over the world and using sign language. There were a lot of explosions for a movie about talking animals. Of course, Peter loved every minute of it. The web slinger was practically skipping out of the theater afterward, rambling on about the series as a whole. There are more of these ape movies?! Tony mentally groaned. The kid was happy, so Tony didn't complain. He hadn't seen his son smile like that in awhile. Seeing it brought a smile to Tony's own face.
Carefully, Peter brushed the broken glass away and pried the photo out. "What the?" Something had been written on the back. Having not taken the picture out of the frame until now, he had been completely oblivious to it.
"Too bad. My stumps hurt." Tony rolled back onto his stomach.
"If I get in too deep I'll call you guys. I promise." Peter said, earning an unimpressed look from Michelle. "And If I get in super deep I will call the Avengers. Happy?"
"No, no, no, no, no-" Tony was chanting over and over. Tears fell freely from his face, shaky hands held over an empty spot on the floor.
"You still love animals. The zoo has a new exhibit on creepy crawlies. You'll fit right in." Tony reached over and poked his cheek. Peter made an offended noise, causing Tony to chuckle, "okay, bug boy. No zoo. What about the movies?"
"I thought he was with Cap?" Sam walked over to them, faltering slightly when he saw Steve sitting on the couch.
"Get off and I will!"
"I don't want to have this conversation," Iron Man looked away.
Tony shook his head in disbelief when Clint passed him the vial. "I don't know. Richard said Mary got rid of it. Guess she lied..." The more he thought about it the more sense it made. She must have kept it with her for years until she figured out the perfect place to hide it, or rather the perfect person to entrust it to. Peter was beyond trustworthy, and damn good at keeping secrets. And Peter had picked a damn good hiding spot for it.
"Hang onto your shorts," was the only warning Iron Man gave before blasting through the hole in the roof.
"Jump!" Natasha yelled, plunging into the waterfall without hesitation. Thor followed close behind. The fall wouldn't kill them, but it definitely wouldn't be pleasant either. Steve made eye contact with Clint, asking a silent question.
"Yeah, yeah. I screwed this one. How do we get Maximoff out of Spidey's head?" Tony asked Clint.
"Thanks, J. Now, you need to do as you're told and stay put," Steve twisted around in Iron Man's hold.
"Hey," Iron Man whispered. Steve rushed over and wrapped Iron Man in a tight hug. Iron Man hesitated before slipping his arms around the soldier. Steve pressed his forehead into the crook of Iron Man's neck. For a long minute, everyone stayed still. Then Bucky joined in on the hug, and pretty soon Iron Man was being group-hugged by the entire team. No one said anything.
"This!" Iron Man held up a blowtorch. "I'm going to light Clint on fire."
"There is actually, Mr. Parker-Stark."
A flash of red caught his attention. A flickering crimson from right outside the window. The red hue felt all too familiar.
"I'm going to beat Steve's star-spangled ass," Bucky made a bowl of cereal as aggressively as possible. He spilled milk on the counter in the process and practically beat the poor countertop with a paper towel.
"Uh oh..." Natasha looked up. Several helicopters were advancing on their location. Even more Quinjets appeared above them, their stealth modes lifted. Natasha wondered how long they had been there. High above them all was a Helicarrier.
"Focus on the Goblin. I'll take down Banner," Tony snapped.
"Tony, what's it look like down there?" Steve asked over the comms.
"Fine." Wanda took the gun and shot the man in the head. Spider-man scrambled back, lenses wide. An innocent person had just been shot right in front of him. Guilt clenched Peter's heart, making it difficult to breathe.
"Did you give him the antidote?" Tony asked.
"I didn't," Bucky crossed his arms. "But that doesn't surprise me."
"Expecting what? What are you guys talking about?"
?!" Bucky threw his hands in the air.
"You don't like hurting others," Tony finished.
"Rude!" Tony punched his shoulder.
Steve grabbed the back of one of the kitchen chairs to steady himself. "Were you...you were hurting yourself again."
"What's done is done," Peter shrugged. He looked back down at his phone but made no move to actually press anything on the screen. The couch dipped in one direction when Thor sat down next to him.
"You look different," Bucky combed a hand through his hair, which had blown into his face when the robot landed.
"I'm a living weapon. Built with only two purposes. Fight. And protect. That's it. That's the sole purpose for my existence. I'm not supposed to have a 'normal' life with a family or anything like that. I'm not supposed to be loved." Iron Man looked away.
"One hell of a nightmare," Rhodey murmured. "Has this happened before?"
"No, of course not! I don't know how they found us!" Tony shot back.
"What the FUCK," Spider-man gasped, pointing at the window. On the other side of the glass stood a man, his identity masked by the dim light of the outdoors. He hovered just above the ground, supported by two of the four long metal tentacles attached to his sides.
"That's not what the toaster is for, Thor!" Steve wrestled the appliance out of his friend's hands.
"Will there be beer involved? I miss chatting with you over a bottle or two." Bruce's voice came through the comms. If Spider-man heard him, he didn't say so.
Dinner that night was less than pleasant. Bruce cooked for everyone, including Tony, who he desperately wanted to make amends with. Unfortunately, the cyborg refused to come out of his workshop. The remaining members of the team picked at their dinner. None of them had been hungry as of late. It was hard to eat after learning their friend had been held captive tortured for the second time in his life.
Steve shook his head. He still owed Peggy a dance and didn't feel like dancing with anyone else. Maybe Iron Man...no, Steve pushed that thought aside. The thought of Peggy made his heart to ache. His first love was much too old for him now. And his second a machine. "My love life is a mess," Steve groaned.
"They're attacking Midtown High!" Spider-man yelled back. "All my friends are there!" He was a few blocks away and could already see the damage to the building. Thick black smoke pumped out of what was left of the windows. His mind flashed back to the pile of corpses from his dream. "No, no, no, no!" Spider-man had never web slung so fast in his life. The building rumbled, and the roof shifted, threatening to give way at any moment. The students had been in the middle of evacuating when the bomb went off. Their once orderly lines were long gone, with the screaming teens running in all different directions. Spider-man landed on top of the fence, calling to the nearest teacher, "is anyone still inside?!"
"You are Ultron," Jarvis supplied in the same language of code, "meant to be a robot for the Avengers."
"Excuse me?" Iron Man looked up.
Iron Man recognized that voice. There was no mistaking the man that he had once seen as a father figure. Or maybe there was? His mind must be playing tricks on him. It had to be. Iron Man took a seat on what was left of the metal steps, putting his head in his hands and giving a heavy sigh. He was fairly certain that someone had been controlling that bot, whether it had been Obediah or not. But why hadn't they made a move to attack again? Tony's head pounded from the lack of sleep and alcohol. He really didn't want to deal with all of this right now.
"Don't you dare."
The Avengers headed into the living room, where they had last left their remaining team members. Thor and Clint lounged on the couch watching TV. Peter was nowhere in sight.
"How can you talk and run at the same time?!" Tony gasped out. "Escape now! Questions later!" They ran up several flights of stairs, and down a long hallway. Tony led them through holes in the walls and broken windows until they eventually made it up to the top deck. "Shit! Get down!" Tony advised. The team hurried back down the staircase they had just ascended. Tony pressed himself against the wall and held his breath. A squadron of bots darted past a moment later. They didn't notice the people crouching in the shadowy stairwell.
"I'd rather do that by my own hand," the other man said.
Tony moved over to sit on the edge of the bed. "Peter, listen...I'm sorry. This is my fault. I should have never created that monster. I'm so, so sorry." He gave Peter the most sincere look he could muster. "And I'm sorry I wasn't able to separate you from it."
"I don't know. I told the others to start wrapping up and head back to the jet. There's not much else we can do here. They have orders to bring Spider-man with them if they see him," Steve informed him.
Iron Man hung back, knowing Peter didn't need-or want-help with this fight.
"What? No! I'm staying!" MJ raised a fist, ready to fight.
"I don't need school, like, at all," Peter leaned forward, his elbows resting on the front seat.
The Jet landed on the football field. The ramp lowered and out walked Nick Fury. "Someone want to explain to me what the fuck is happening to Queens?"
"Banner and Maximoff are at Oscorp." The AI reported. Tony still had access to the security cameras at Oscorp after hacking into them a few days ago, and he had asked FRIDAY to keep an eye on them.
"Get inside it. Jarvis, get it going for her!" Tony ordered.
Peter hid his face in his hands. Tony sighed and patted his shoulder. "Tell us when your ready, kiddo. No rush."
Peter watching him go, afterward turning his attention back to the snowy streets below.
"Moving out?" Tony nearly dropped the box of donuts.
"Yes. I did. It's fine. Really." The coffee was finally ready. Tony took a random mug from the cabinet and filled it to the brim. He used to take his coffee with extra sugar. That was before he had unmasked himself, though. Now he just drank it black.
"I don't deserve jack shit." Tony looked up at her, the pain in his human eye all too clear. "And they'd kick me off the team if they knew I'd been lying to them for over a year. Hell, I've been lying to the entire world for six years! Can you imagine what would happen if I suddenly showed my face?!"
Peter pulled one earbud out of his ear when he felt the presence of a person sitting next to him. "Hey, uncle Happy."
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony rolled his eyes and took one, not bothering to take off his heavy gloves. He quickly got back to work after finishing the treat. Peter stayed close by, watching him work. Tony noticed Peter had his camera slung around his neck and asked, "how's the new job? Jameson isn't giving you a hard time is he?"
"Seriously, what the fuck?!" Clint repeated.
"Peter," Tony brushed his thumb over Peter's cheek, wiping away his tears. Peter flinched at the contact.
Tony put everything he had into his boots, shooting out of the bots grip, then making a sharp turn and crashing into him. He was able to deliver several punches and few repulsor blasts before the bot grabbed him by the throat and flew out of the parking garage. Tony squirmed out of his grasp. From there the battle became airborne. Tony gave his all, but nothing he did seemed to weaken the other bot. "Okay, time for a nap." He grabbed onto the robot's torso and flew downwards. The flaps on his shoulder blades lifted up, freeing the boosters and quickening his decent.
"Jarvis! Alert the Avengers! Armed intruder in the-oof!" The man kneed Bucky in the gut. Usually, that wouldn't have hurt the super soldier. But knees weren't usually made out of metal. A fist connected with Bucky's jaw. "JARVIS!!" Bucky roared. The AI didn't answer. Bucky tried to stand, only to be kicked in the knee. Bucky fought back, but the man's strength rivaled his own, and pretty soon Bucky found himself lying flat on his back. The man kicked Bucky again, flipping him onto his stomach. He pressed his metal knee painfully against Bucky's spine, pinning him in place. He used his metal hand to wrench Bucky's prosthetic behind his back, and his other to grab Bucky's hair.
"What about Natasha's lizard? She got it just because it looks cool," Spidey continued to defend his pet. Tony abruptly stood up, ready to argue like his life depended on it, but Peter was already rushing out the door.
"He's very protective," Natasha commented.
"He could be working for someone else. Last time I checked, Stark wasn't a cyborg," Sam pointed out. "And he was very much deceased."
Bruce darted over and stuck a needle into Peter's neck.
"Tony."
"Wasn't planning on it," Tony chuckled.
"Hello, again, Pedro." Toomes waved before diving right for him. Spidey leaped out of the way just in time. Razor sharp talons missing the back of his head by mere inches. "I suggest you stay out of this fight, kid."
"Very well!" Obadiah let go of the Captain.
"The fuck was that?" Rhodey frowned, looking in the direction the noise had come from.
"I thought you liked talking. Though it has been awhile since we've last seen each other. A lot's changed. You've changed."
"We're multitasking," Clint chirped. He took out another alien with an exploding arrow. These things were nowhere as advanced as the Chitauri. Their weapons consisted mostly of blades and a few guns. A bomb here and there. As far as alien invasions go, this one was not that bad. Clint figured they could have this wrapped up by dinner.
"Absolutely not," Tony punched a command into a control pad on the wall, opening a back entrance to his workshop. "I'd rather not put you in harm's way. This room his Hulk proof. You should be safe here." The Iron Man suit was already flying at him, breaking into pieces before reforming around the engineer's body.
"It's just Parker."
"Hey, Dad. Mom. Uncle Ben. Aunt May. How's it going?" Spider-man stood in front of a row of headstones. "Sorry, I haven't been by in awhile. Been a bit busy, with...well, everything." He sat cross legged, absentmindedly picking at the grass. He hadn't visited these particular graves since Aunt May's funeral. He remembered every detail about the event. How the skies had rained down as if the very earth was weeping for her loss. There was only a handful of people who showed up, but those who did truly cared about May and Peter, and had offered the boy a place to live. He remembered how heavy the casket had felt when Peter helped carry it. How Mr. Stark hadn't left his side the entire time, holding an umbrella up for both of them, because Peter forgot his. Both Happy and Tony allowed Peter to hug them and cry into their shoulders. He had gone back to the Avengers facility that night, not knowing that he would never set foot in Aunt May's apartment ever again. Not because he couldn't. Hell, Tony had driven him past the building more times than he could count, offering to help his box everything up and move it into storage, or into the compound. But Peter couldn't bring himself to do it. Happy had gathered Peter's belonging and a few of May's, and that had been the end of it. "Are you guys watching over me? Is that a real thing dead people do? Steve thinks so. Tony says it's bullshit. I don't know what to think anymore." He looked around the graveyard and had his suit scan for any signs of human life. None. He was all alone. He slipped his mask off and tucked it into his belt. "Tony is the one who adopted me by the way. I don't know if you guys already knew that or not. Having Iron Man as your dad is pretty cool...but I miss you guys. A lot."
"What am I? A super hero?"
"How can you be so sure?" Tony looked up at his lover.
Bruce was filling a syringe with a suspicious blue liquid. Peter wondered how long the Avengers had had him under their control. How long they had been messing with his head.
"Any word from the tin man?" Sam leaned out of the Quinjet. His goggles were pushed up to his hairline, his mechanical wings folded neatly behind him. The battle had ended, but Iron Man was still underground, investigating an elaborate system of caves. He had found a few Hydra agents down there, as well as some suspicious tech. He managed to report his findings to the team right before his comm cut out.
After a few months of Bucky living with the Avengers, Steve came to the conclusion that having him here was both the best decision of his life, and also his worst mistake. On the one hand, he was glad to have his oldest friend back at his side. Tony was making an actual effort to be nice to Bucky, and he could tell the two were starting to become friends. So everything was fairly pleasant on that front. But on the other hand...Peter and Clint had taken Bucky under their arms. Which was great, Bucky deserved to have friends. But Steve did not deserve the number of pranks he had been subjected to in the last few months. Steve could barely handle the combined forces of Peter and Clint when it was just them. Bucky was too intimidated by the rest of the Avengers to mess with them, so Steve was always the go-to person for his nonsense.
The phone buzzed again, this time with a call from 'American Dad'. Peter answered this time, "hello?"
Bucky was staring at Iron Man's face. Tony's eyes locked onto Bucky's, even if the other wasn't fully aware of it. Bucky's eyes narrowed for a moment, but he abruptly looked away.
Fury sent Clint a look that made it very clear that the situation, whatever it may be, was not a joking matter.
"Obadiah is building an army. What are we going to do when he decides to unleash it?" Iron Man's tone was dark.
Henry hissed and shook his body.
Hulk had begun to shrink in size, becoming exhausted from fighting the Avengers for an extended period of time. Peter made MJ stay back and slowly approached the raging giant. By the time he reached the fray, Bruce had reverted back to his original form. He wore the stretchy purple shorts Tony had made for him almost a decade ago. Bruce spat a bloodied tooth on the ground. The Avengers swarmed around him, all aiming their various weapons at his head.
"I'm okay, Henry. Let's get to work." He took out a tablet and pulled up a picture of a small screw. Peter tapped the screen, "I need some of these." Henry raised his front legs and ran off, jumping from surface to surface in his quest to find the screws. Peter watched him with a soft smile, his anxiety calming ever so slightly.
"Don't." Iron Man backed away. "Don't call me that."
"Rogers!!" Tony gasped, grabbing onto the edge of his desk.
"Are you okay, Peter?" Michelle looked back at her boyfriend, but he was gone. "Peter?" She looked at Ned for help, but he just shrugged.
"Morning, Pete. How are you doing?" Tony asked, choosing his words carefully.
Above them, snaked through the branches, was a gigantic serpent like creature. The dragon looked to be either underfed or growing old. Its bones stuck out, stretching its worn scales. Scars covered its crocodile like head and its wings were torn in multiple places. It shifted around above them, the light dancing off its navy blue hide. Its jaw dropped open, allowing smoke to billowd out. A bright orange light formed in the back of its throat.
"Tony isn't really involved in Stark Industries anymore. I can help you get a meeting with Pepper, she's the real CEO," Peter offered.
"Sorry, you all look alike!" Clint said quickly.
"What's wrong with me, Buck?" Steve put his head in his hands. Bucky had been sparring with Steve, but the soldier couldn't seem to focus, so they decided to take a break.
"We need to move. Now." Steve ran from the room. His teammates followed, all of them determined to save their friend.
"This time?!" War Machine also threw his hands in the air. The Avengers looked between the two bots. This "War Machine" had to have also been one of Tony Stark's creations. Or maybe Iron Man had built him? The bots were too similar for there to not be a connection."Jesus! And what's this I hear about you trashing your workshop? Pepper told me everything, so don't play dumb." He jabbed an accusing finger at his fellow bot.
"Boys!" Natasha threw down her knife and fork. Peter and Clint took their seats, afraid of the Widow's wrath. Steve tried to free Clint with a pocket knife, but it didn't work. So the Archer had to sit in silence until the webbing slowly started to melt away after a few hours. Peter had a vial of solvent in his pocket and could've dissolved it at any point. But where was the fun in that?
Sorry for any confusion this may have caused.
"All my injuries have healed," Iron Man countered. "I'm more than capable of fighting."
"It's okay. Let's get you fixed up, okay?"
Kraven smiled and approached him. "How would you like to be my test subject, spider?"
"The team," Bucky rolled his eyes. "You should come with us."
"Where. Are. We. Going?" Peter repeated.
"An attack? What's wrong with the Man of Spiders?" Thor's face was full of concern.
"You're no fun," Deadpool whined, throwing his arms and head back like an upset child. Spider-man laughed.
MJ's word's reached Peter and he sobbed even more.
Bruce shook Osborn's hand. "Thank you. Glad to do business with you again, Osborn. I'll start work on the symbiote right away."
"Where is the Man of Iron?" Thor demanded, holding his hammer with both hands. "Who are you really, he who is not Tony Stark?"
"What about the other document I asked for?"
"There was so much I could have done. So very much..." Tony was close to tears. Steve put a hand on his back, not sure what else to do.
"Yes, Cap?"
"I'm aware. But this is my fight."
Spider-man screamed in anguish. Not knowing what he had lost, but feeling as though a part of him had just been killed.
Steve nodded, "let's go help him." After two months of non-stop searching, this was the first lead they had.
"It's a little late for sorry," Tony spat. "You son of a-"
"Peter!" Tony wrapped his son in a tight hug. "Meet Mr. America himself. Mr. America, meet Peter," Tony stepped aside so the two could shake hands.
Tony returned the thumbs up before blasting off.
"Yeah. Part of your training with the Avengers." Wanda flicked the visor of her helmet down. It was blacked out, completely masking her identity. Peter did the same with his own helmet. "Lead the way, Banner." Bruce nodded and zoomed off on his motorcycle. Wanda and Peter followed at a distance.
, like Tony didn't already know that. Like Tony didn't already know that he was fucked up and not normal, like he needed it pointed out by yet another person he loved.
is one of the things that he loves the most about Steve – the easy banter, the sarcastic remarks, the back and forth that is just so easy to fall into. "It's science."
, not when Tony is hurt and Rhodey will never walk again and his heart feels like it's shredded in his chest and there's a teenager out in Queens – a teenager that never should've been involved – nursing various injuries and everything is a disaster.
Well, that was obviously a sign from the universe to not go to therapy, so Tony puts his phone back down on the nightstand, along with the card, and falls back into bed, landing on his stomach.
He's lonely. Yeah, that's a better word for it. Tony is
Not for the first time, the conversation that he had with Rhodey about seeing a therapist pops up in his head, but he quickly shakes his head from side to side to stop thinking about it.
“Let go, Tony.”
Working past the lump in his throat, Tony manages to choke out a couple of words. "It's just weird."
"But you're not coping," Rhodey snaps, turning around to stare at Tony, his walking exercises forgotten and a blazing fire in his eyes. "I'm not even a therapist and I know that. You're pushing everything down like you always do," Tony has to scoff at that because it's true but he's not going to admit that it is, "and that shit is gonna build up and blow up, and then where will you be?"
(Tony quickly shuts that line of thinking down because he can't lay here and talk about Steve like things are normal when they really aren't.)
relationships – well, relationships that had been serious to him, at least – be they platonic or romantic, have always gone in a direction Tony wishes they didn't.
and he doesn’t know how to tell him that.
“No,” Tony stubbornly repeats. “No, I’m not letting you go. I refuse. You can’t make me.”
that. Tony is hurt and betrayed because Steve
They’re in the elevator now, and Tony is drifting further away than he’d like, but he really can’t help it – Steve is just so comfortable and Tony is still extremely tired (he knew he should have gone to sleep earlier than he did). Tony figures he might as well get as much sleep in as he can, so he closes his eyes and relies on Steve to carry him. Steve isn’t going to drop him, Tony isn’t worried about that, he knows that Steve will never, ever, let him go, so Tony, mostly against his will but not really, ends up falling asleep.
, Tony is sure of that, and yet Steve is getting closer and closer to the elevator and is showing no signs of slowing down and Tony is definitely not freaking out right now, not even a little bit.
“Wha–” Tony squawks. “Like, on a
also, there's gonna be a third and fourth chapter because reasons, i'm sorry. this was only supposed to be two chapters at the most, but it got longer than i wanted and i didn't want the chapter lengths to be disproportionate like that, so. four chapters, yay :)
The second sentence goes unheard by Tony, who’s too caught up in his thoughts.
right there. Briefly, Tony considers tying Steve down while he sleeps so he can’t ever get up, because it's also kind of ridiculous, but. Tony is pretty sure that Steve would just break the rope, so.)
song, but - it happened. It's a thing.
Tony is a comedic genius.
That doesn’t matter right now. What matters is the fact that Tony is going to hole himself away in his lab for the next twelve hours and not come out until it’s time for dinner with the rest of the team. It’s not all just about Steve, though – Tony has a ton of stuff to work on for SI, things he’s been slacking on and things that he really should get started on doing.
Tony is back home in the Tower, laying on Steve's lap and is being soothed to sleep.
. If he tells her what he's feeling, that makes him weak, but if he doesn't she's going to
That's normal. The nightmares happen almost every time Tony goes to sleep without staying awake for at least three days, and he doesn't know why he thought tonight would be different.
It's understandable, what Steve did. Tony is -
Tony lets out a growl of frustration, because he doesn’t know how to get Steve to get back into bed, and resists the urge to kick his feet or wiggle his body or bite Steve’s shoulder – all of that goes
He knows he shouldn't be doing what he's doing, but he can't help it. Not sleeping or eating for days on end is how he deals with his problems and he can't just
. Who knew that sitting around doing nothing all day could be so
Rhodey glares at him, not finding the sentence amusing. "Like I said, I'm not telling you that you
For a second, Tony hopes. The hope that Steve didn't know rushes through him, too powerful to stop. If Steve didn't know about the role Barnes had in killing his parents, they can fix this. They can get Barnes help, and Tony can keep Ross off their backs for as long as he can, and Tony and Steve can go back to cuddling on couches and waking each other up with kisses.
To be honest, Tony doesn’t have that much of a problem with running at all. Sure, it goes against practically everything he stands for, and, sure, he’d never do it himself, but, when it comes to Steve, at least, he doesn’t mind. Steve puts such care into maintaining his body, that much is obvious to Tony, it was at the beginning of their relationship, and Steve needs the rush of endorphins that running provides him with. Tony guesses that Steve also finds running relaxing; Tony doesn’t get that last reason, because in what world anyone would find
" Bucky shook his head, "And I don't know if I should be apart of this team. You guys are like a family. A family that I don't really have a place in. I'm trying my best to socialize. Cause that's what Steve wants. He wants me to be friends with everyone like he is. And I want that too. But I'm bad at socializing and everyone here is kinda intimidating," Bucky's eyes flicked around the room nervously. "And like I said, you guys were already a family long before I got here. Even if I do get closer to everyone, it still won't be the same."
"I'm bi, not gay. We've been over this. Me and Ned were a thing for a hot second but I'm with MJ now." Peter explained, getting up to stretch. He hadn't gained much in height, but he did have a bit more muscle on his once lanky form. "Where's the tape at?"
But this was Tony Stark. And Tony Stark was never one to follow orders.
"Maybe." Spider-man sat back against the building, letting his head lull back.
"It's going to hurt isn't it?" Peter asked again. Tony opened his mouth to respond but closed it again. He didn't know the answer to that question.
"People have families other than this one," Steve looked down at the dark liquid in his hands. "Kinda expected it to just be us this year."
"Shut it," Bruce snapped. "I gave you your powers. And I will alter them as I see fit."
"That's the point," Rhodey rolled his eyes. "This place used to be Tony's. He left it to me when he died. But I don't have much use for a mansion." He explained. The cabin wasn't quite as big as the Stark residence in Malibu, but it was still larger than life, with a fully functioning workshop underground. The home obviously hadn't been used in a long time. A thick layer of dust covered the surfaces, tarps protected the furniture, and the windows were absolutely filthy. "Pepper is on her way. She's going to bring food and the tools to fix Iron Man. Tony hasn't been here since the 90's, so the workshop is a bit out of date." He announced. "How you hanging in, buddy?"
Tony held up a hand, "well, you thought wrong. This thing is literally in my body. Doesn't come out. End of discussion. Let's go find shelter. I'm freezing my balls off."
Iron Man was in the front yard, playing with Clint's kids. He was flying just a few feet off the ground, giving the two overly excited kids a ride on his back. Clint's son had one hand raised, making "pew pew" noises at various objects. Clint's daughter noticed what he was doing and did the same.
Sorry for such a short chapter, the next one will be a bit longer!
"Took the last poptart. Listen," Clint leaned forward, pulling a sheet of paper out of his pocket. He's really thought this one through. "We're gonna need some toiler paper, and Thor's hammer. Thor likes poptarts, so it shouldn't be too hard to get him on our side. Anyway, we also need some-"
Peter let himself fall to the floor. "Bruce has a dog to keep him calm. Wanda has a cat for her PTSD. And we've talked about me getting an emotional support animal, too-"
"I won't hurt him," Bruce promised.
"You just gonna leave me in there with all those weirdos?!" Michelle stormed down the steps, slapping Peter in the back of the head. Peter stammered over his excuse, while Michelle continued to half-heartedly yell at him. Peter hugged her as a way to shut her up, which somehow worked. Michelle huffed but hugged him back. The two sat in silence, simply enjoying the other's embrace. "That was scary." Michelle whispered.
Instead of answering, Steve took hold of Peter's arm and walked a bit faster. Peter's spider-sense spiked the moment Steve touched him. The arachnid stuck himself firmly to the ground, refusing to budge even when Steve tightened his grip almost painfully. "Don't make this difficult, Peter."
Tony looked at his palm. There was an empty hole were his repulsor should have been. "Yes."
suicidal!"
"Look, can I see my son or not?" Tony looked up at her.
"It's all that Stark had on file," Bruce said, tucking his hands into his coat pockets. "I deleted all digital records of it. What you're holding is the last copy that document. Don't lose it."
Spider-man just stared blankly at him. Sparks shot out from what was left of the extra limbs on his back.
"How do you know Iron Man? Who exactly are you?" Natasha frowned.
White light suddenly flooded the clearing. At first, Spider-man thought it was lightning, but it lasted much too long. Doc Ock cursed and loosened his grip on Spider-man. Spider-man tried to escape, unfortunately, the moment he moved, the tentacle tightened it's grip once more. Spider-man let out a strangled cry and writhed in the mud.
He wishes he had seen it earlier. He wishes that he had seen what, looking back, he can now see clearly. He can see the way Steve started shying away from Tony's touches, the way Steve stopped initiating contact, the way Steve started fidgeting any time he was left alone in a room with Tony. He can see how Steve started emotionally pulling away, how Steve had started looking
his thigh casually pressing against Tony's when they eat dinner with the rest of the team, he
Tony wants to ask what that was supposed to be about because he can't remember, but he decides against it because he
Tony rolls his eyes. "You're a worrier, it's in your nature."
(Honestly, a
He misses Jarvis, he does, and he hasn't quite accepted that he's gone – if the way he calls out a question and is surprised when he hears a female voice instead of the male one he was expecting tells him anything – but he loves Friday and he's glad she's here with him.
That's when Pepper starts to get angry.
, and Tony loves it. It's relaxing, especially after a long day of clinging to his last bits of self-restraint in the face of greedy businessmen and board members and the like, or after spending time fighting an Avengers-level threat as Iron Man.
"Can you sing for me?" he asks, his voice rough as he throws himself onto the couch in the penthouse, landing on his stomach with his head ending up in Steve's lap and his hands down by his sides.
Tony, in spite of all the things he can do, can't sing for shit. He doesn't know why – he just can't. His mind is always five sentences ahead of his mouth, so the words come out tangled together and they stumble over each other; his mind is also always jumping from every song he's ever listened to, so he can't stay focused for long.
, and he wanted the whole team to be blamed for things gone wrong instead of just him.
He's still a little freaked out by the fact that he's actually doing this, but he figures he can try going once, have his doubts about the practice confirmed, and then get on with his life.
(Tony is dying.)
even mildly
, and Tony didn't want to hurt her too.
him, hurts more than it probably should.
He and Steve have so many differences it's ridiculous – maybe that's why they work so well together, both in a colleague and relationship partner sense. They balance each other out.
What happens next passes in a blur. Tony doesn't even know what he's doing, too blinded by his anger and hurt and
"Well, I have work to do, so I'll see you later."
morning runs, and it is now Tony’s mission to do whatever it takes to keep Steve in bed. The fact that Tony really is tired and just wants to sleep which is making him exponentially more clingy than he usually is should be embarrassing, but Tony can’t find it within himself to care.
sorry, but Tony can't focus on that because Steve
about going on a run, in
. He's going to want to be a part of the kid's life, and he can't do that, not when there's a possibility that Tony will ruin him like he ruined the Avengers.
And that, that want right there, is the reason why Tony climbs out of bed, walks over to his dresser, and picks up the card that's sitting on top of it.
, someone who's done so many bad things in his life that he doesn't deserve to be shown any semblance of love, especially not from someone as good as Steve fucking Rogers, aka Captain America, aka the literal main focus of most of Tony's teenage fantasies. Sometimes, Tony finds himself thinking that Steve and the universe are playing one big prank on him, however stupid and silly that idea might be.
of the fact that you've missed the last
in regards to him – option that might actually work.
, of all the things in the world to be.
, Tony doesn’t know.
Natasha eyes him for a moment, and then her eyes turn back to amusement laced with a bit of smugness, too.
And that's when Tony realizes that he lied to himself: if therapy doesn't work, Tony might become even more broken then he already is.
Besides, if a few whines and pouts are needed to get Steve to stay, then Tony doesn’t have a problem with it.
"You want me to sing the song?" Steve asks, and Tony cracks one eye open.
her to be. Friday is Friday, and Tony loves her because she's always there and when she does leave on occasion – the times where she goes silent on her own accord because Tony snapped and said something rude to her – she always comes back. The only people who've ever done that, who've ever
Despite all of that, for a second, Tony considers keeping an eye on the kid himself. It couldn't go
different now.
But, yeah, if ever presented with the opportunity, Tony would make sure to not, under any circumstances, fall in love with one Steve Rogers and his particular brand of righteousness.
. Tony thinks he can hear a content sound leave his mouth, which is answered by Steve's nails lightly scratching against Tony's scalp and a small huff of laughter, but Tony really can't be bothered with that right now.
Okay, fine – Tony is most definitely freaking the fuck out because Steve
A thing about himself that Tony has just discovered is that he doesn't like being alone. He's doesn't like waking up alone and eating alone and sleeping alone. Well, he's not
Wow. He never thought he'd say
. Steve
The point is: Tony is a little scared about this, but his friends are supporting him and are showing that he's not making a huge mistake, so. Can't end too bad, can it?
He looks up at Steve in disbelief, but Steve doesn't even spare him a second glance. With no signs of regret, Steve climbs to his feet and starts to drag Barnes out of the bunker, leaving Tony behind without looking back.
and the knowledge that he only sings for Tony, never for anyone else.
She determines that she doesn't like Steve Rogers as much as she once did.
, but.
. He’s just Steve, and he’s a warm and soft and very lovable Steve, and Tony cannot be held responsible for anything he does while in his company.
"Yes."
Tony should probably go back to sleep, as he knows it’s most likely what Steve expects him to do, but he feels like being petty and staying up just to throw off Steve’s expectations and spite him. Because, seriously.
FRIDAY doesn't understand it, and she doesn't attempt to try to. Attempting to understand the motives of Captain Rogers is not something she wants to dwell on.
(And maybe Tony has grown to want it, too.)
It hurts.
"So, what would it take for you to stop going on your runs?" he asks, both joking and seriously wanting to know the answer.
"FRI?" Tony asks again, voice echoing in the small room.
He doesn't go out to bring someone home – he just ignores it. That's the solution to all of his problems, he's well aware, but until another solution that actually
The only thing that worked almost as well as working until he passed out was having Steve sing to him, and, well. That's not happening any time soon, not after what happened.
In a way, he's kind of glad about his decision. It's a win-win situation for him. If it works, then, hopefully, Tony will be able to fix himself, and if it doesn't, then he can go about his days like he's been doing and everything will be fine.
The woman moves like both a cheetah and a gazelle at the same time, and it’s
, that all of that is his fault, and he doesn't want to accept responsibility right now.)
Anyway.
Tony turns to anger. His anger over his parents murder is easier to process than the other emotions concerning Steve, and he lunges.
Now more than ever, Tony finds himself doubting the extent of Steve's feelings for Barnes. You don't essentially go against multiple countries of the world and become a fugitive, or leave your boyfriend to die, for heterosexual reasons. At least, not in Tony's world. There has to be some romantic feelings that Steve has for Barnes – that thought is easier to entertain then the fact that Steve was willing to become a fugitive for the sole purpose of getting away from Tony.
get is running for sport. For pleasure. For, God forbid,
"Tony, am I going to have to watch you die?"
to have an arm slung around Tony's shoulders like it means nothing when they watch a movie together.
Steve, as much as Tony loves the shit out of him, obviously has a ton of faults, one of them being that he
Tony thinks back to all his moments with Steve, all the songs, and the kisses, and the hugs, and the stolen moments. He thinks back on at it all, and wishes that he could say he wouldn't change a thing.
“Just go back to sleep, Tony.”
(It reminds him of his mother, and maybe
He's not doing too well – God, the amount of time it took him to realize that is
A huff of laughter leaves Steve. “Sure you’re not.” He starts attempting to remove Tony from his body, but Tony just squeezes harder and refuses to let go with a shake of his head. “Tony,” Steve warns. “I have to go on my run now. I’ll be back.”
"Are you okay, Boss?" Friday asks as Tony rubs his hands through his hair and then over his eyes. "Would you like me to call someone?"
do that. He tried, one time with Steve. He tried to be around people and talk about it and that just made things so much worse and he'd rather not do that again.
The answer leaves a bad taste in Tony's mouth.
Ah. He spoke too soon.
, just a smidge, better. His chest still aches, from both phantom and emotional pain, but it feels
know the difference. Steve always said that it had something to do with the pitch of his laugh and the small lines that showed up around his mouth and eyes, things that most other people didn't see. (It was probably because of Steve's enhanced senses and his precise attention to detail.) Even Rhodey and Pepper sometimes had trouble with figuring out when Tony was being genuine and when he wasn't, but not Steve. Never Steve. Steve
Steve shifts again, a happy sound leaving him, and holds Tony a little tighter to his chest, something that makes Tony extremely happy himself.
Rhodey, apparently satisfied with Tony's answer, softens a little. "I'm just worried about you, Tones."
. Family doesn't abandon people, family doesn't let someone pay for practically everything they own or do and then turn around and call that someone
His mother used to sing him to sleep sometimes, on the nights when she wasn't high and when Howard wasn't drunk and angry. Those nights are probably the best parts of Tony's childhood where his parents are concerned. He misses it, in a way, misses his mother's voice and the feel of her hand against his cheek.
"Tony, this isn't the time. I said I was sorry. Don't make this about yourself." He tried to keep his tone devoid of all the anger that was coursing through him.
"Do you remember it?"
He saw movement in Steve's hand and let out a gasp. The man was slowly opening his eyes now. Tony called for the nurse and rushed towards his not-boyfriend.
(See the end of the chapter for
He wanted to be over with it. Full of adrenaline, he walked towards the room. Tiberius was there. Magnificent as always. Confident and composed. Not a crease on his forehead.
"Kid?" Stark let out a bark-like laugh. "How old are you, sixty?"
"Ss... Steve?" The man let out, "Are you Steve Rogers? I can't believe it. We thought you were dead."
Tony looked up at his friend, meeting his eyes, and nodded.
Thanks to the superserum, his wounds were healing fast. He'd been still out for a week before waking up. Sam had been there when he opened his eyes. The poor guy looked as if he hadn't slept in ages. He told him Nat was fine. She had been out of the building chasing an agent while it happened. They still didn't know who the third party was who infiltrated the operation. The terrorists who'd stolen the device had been caught. Well, a few. Most had died in the blast. Steve knew the answer but he wanted to talk to Fury before he said anything to anyone.
"Oh, I'm sorry. I bet you grew up hearing how much you look like him. Might've gotten you into the whole hero worship thing. Considering you ended up in S.H.I.E.L.D." Tony took a sip from his cup of coffee which had just been left here
Tony Stark, looking very charming in a suit, was literally throwing himself at a charming duo of singers. These two women were older than Tony and quite attractive. He was shamelessly flirting with them, being all touchy feely. Steve had this overwhelming urge to drag him out of there, push him inside an empty, shut the door, and...
"Oh, please... " Tony rolled his eyes. What's literally everyone trying to set him with someone these days?
"No need," Tony yawned, staring into his coffee as if he's talking to it. Steve let out another sigh.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Okay, okay," Tony said and took a deep breath.
And though he'd probably considered one of them, he occasionally would, if he'd been able to feel a connection. Not the kind of kinship he felt with Natasha and Sharon, or even Wilson. But, a connection - connection. If only he were able to feel 'anything'. He was good at adapting. He loved the friends he'd found in this century. But he still felt as if he was a spectre floating through the days and nights. With nothing to hold on to. No one to go to home to. No place he could really feel at home at.
Steve stared at Loki, something didn't feel right about all this.
Fury was quick to help them set up a chamber similar to the one they'd kept Loki inside before. They had the device now and Tony and Bruce were already working on it.
"Pepper, honey. I'm fine." He grinned, "And guess what? I met another dumb and hot blonde at the flower shop today. His name is Simon and he's a Captain America lookalike." He laughed.
"Yes, of course. Might be having a panic attack. But fine other than that." Tony was breathing heavily now.
"What?" Sharon almost dropped the slice of pizza. Natasha burst into laughter.
"You okay, Steve?" Peggy asked.
Steve ran towards the basement where the device was reportedly being kept. It was a huge, damp, and dark lab. Dim lights blinked across the laboratory. Surprisingly, it was unguarded and empty. Steve was no fool. There was something wrong. And then he saw him. Rumlow smirking at him from the far side of the lab. A blue box in his hands.
Tony was in the workshop two days laster when he heard his AI.
"Let me get this," he walked towards the door, hesitated for a second and opened it. He let out a sob when he saw who stood at their doorsteps.
Still, he couldn't feel anger and pain stinging into his chest when Natasha explained the blast which had almost killed Steve. He decided that from now on, he hated Fury with all his heart and made sure to announce it every time he saw the man.
"I think they're trying to set us up," Tony whispered once.
Nick Fury had called a meeting in the Avengers tower and everybody had to be there. Nat and Bruce had already been in the tower and Clint and Sam had joined shortly. Fury's shrewd gaze settled at the empty seats as Captain America and Stark were nowhere to be seen. Thor, of course, was not on Earth.
Fury doesn't care about the sexual tension. Tony is being a dumb-dumb. And Steve has a realization.
"This skull-like device was developed to channel and manipulate the round object inside. What that object's true nature is, I don't know. I was hoping you'd figure it out. Turns out you're not the genius everyone thinks you are. I know what the round object does. At least few of its powers, I have witnessed." Loki spoke in an uncharacteristically calculated tone. Iron Man stood in front of him, pointing his repulsor at him. They had turned off the comm so Loki could talk to Tony.
"What if you still can't make it back? How'd we know when to..." Natasha pursed her lips.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony poured himself the third cup of coffee and asked J.A.R.V.I.S. if he had any appointments today. The AI told him he had none which pleasantly surprised him. Few minutes later the AI announced in a hesitant voice, "You have a visitor, sir!"
Bruce stood up, his eyes fixed thoughtfully at Tony's face.
Tony ended up inviting 'Simon' to visit him in his workshop and see if he can find something interesting enough to sketch.
"What the hell is going on?" Thor said, panicked.
"Cap?" Sam was sitting next to him, seeing the face of his change colors, "Hey, Steve?"
Tony was breathing heavily. The third cup of coffee was a bad idea. He felt as if he was suffocating. Ty's return had left with a mixture of confusing feelings. Was it hope or fear that he was feeling? A tear escaped his eye.
"It can be, if you want," Bucky said.
"I'm sorry you had to hear all this, because of me. I couldn't help myself, when I saw you with those women," Steve whispered, running his fingers through Tony's hair. Tony just hummed faintly.
"No luck so far. Besides, it's better if it stays confidential." Fury's words were calculated but enough to tell them he'd rather put his trust in them.
He sent the doctors to Steve's room and told a dishevelled Sam that his friend had woken up. Sam sobbed for real.
"I think it's trying to establish some sort of connection," Tony spoke, as if in a trance.
Natasha had to force Bruce into taking a nap after he'd been sitting near Tony's bedside for the tenth hour. Time was slipping and Tony hadn't been back yet. His heartbeat had went unsteady for a couple of times before getting back to normal.
"Hello," Steve smiled.
Steve looked out of the window at the bright, sunny sky. The days were bright here. It was summer and Steve loved spending the long, warm days helping Bucky make the house livable and then roam around with him by the sea. There were other houses, though all separated by a fair distance. They'd never seen any of the residents. Bucky told Steve he'd seen his mother one day, but they hadn't seen her again yet.
"Didn't take you as one of those naive types, Captain America!" He snarled.
(The other side)
"What's this?" Tony reached out and took out a small sketchpad from beneath the stack of newspapers.
Steve's gaped at Fury, his face turning red.
He was cut in middle of his 'speech' by a loud and aggravated voice. It was Stark and he seemed upset about something.
"So?" Steve tried to take a step backwards, but Tony held his arm. And before he could say anything, the brunette had pulled him into a deep, hungry kiss. He found himself automatically yielding to Tony's mouth. Opening his lips to allow hid tongue to enter. Tony pushed him against the wall and straddled his hips. His mouth pressed against Steve's.
"Don't worry. I'm fine," Steve smiled kindly at him and Tony who happened to have lifted his head to look at Steve at Thor's words noticed how the Asgardian always seemed to bring the 'Steve' in Captain America.
Blue eyes softened a little. "That's kind of you." A nod of the head, a small smile and he was gone.
"You, see, Cap, it was staring right at our faces, all that time," Tony was blabbering with a maniac energy, "The skull. Inside it, that thing, it's like a brain. We don't know what would happen if we separate it from the skull. And the thing inside, it has layers. I don't know what it is. It's something like that tesseract."
They had lunch together. Then Steve bid him farewell but Tony offered to give him a ride. Steve had no problem with few more minutes of Tony's company. Tony drove him to his apartment.
"Honey!" He smiled.
"Mr. Edwards," she beamed, "Sharon was just telling me about you. She says you're an amazing artist. Pretty interesting combination, with all the S.H.I.E.L.D. stuff."
Natasha and Bruce stood besides Thor. Bruce was ready to let out Hulk and give the god a good beating.
(The other side)
"I'm glad you're okay," Steve continued, "I wondered where Peggy is now. She'd be married, bt know, probably. Have children. And Howard. Did he get married?"
"Can you try and breath slowly and deeply for me?" Steve put his hand on Tony's and spoke softly.
"Of course," Steve sat on the chair opposite to him, "I'm glad you came. You didn't eat with us that day."
"Seriously?" Tony pursed his lips, "You're blaming me, for this? What other choice did I have? Seduce Loki into not killing us all?"
The world slowly faded back into focus. The sky was now a shade of bright blue with a few clouds scattered on it. He heard the soft sound of waves and a pair of arms holding him. He blinked his eyes and tried to move. As he looked up, he saw Bucky smiling at him. His head was in Bucky's lap and they were in a boat.
Nat and Steve exchanged a look. This was rather heartless at Fury's part but no one was in the mood for an argument. Natasha made sure the echoes of her steps did the talking for her as she strode towards Loki.
Steve wasn't sure if he liked Tony or hated him, but for the first time after having woken up in this century, he wasn't feeling that alone.
1. Steve/Sam
We're almost there. Next chapter will be the big reveal. How'd Tony react when he finds out who his crush is?
Thick, dark clouds have started gathering above him. He turned to take a view of the sky and the vast expanse spread in front of him. There waa a figure, a man standing at some distance. He was walking towards him. He stood still, waiting and wondering.
Feel free to leave comments.
Tony pulled away and stared into those blue eyes that were full of need and passion. He placed a lingering kiss on Steve's jaw and then kept tracing his neck with kisses. Steve moaned and let his hands wander down a little. Their bodies swaying and moving with a rhythm.
"This is our place?" Steve asked, confused.
"Put on that suit, let's go for a few rounds."
"Ah, gladly," Loki smiled, rather sadly to Tony's surprise, "One of it's powers, though rather confusing and unexplainable, is that it creates a version of itself within a living being. This is what it did to Steve. It takes some time. Within it's target, it slowly works to absorb all of their life energy, essence of who they are, their soul, if you please."
"Ah, of course, considering your employees happen to be... Well, let's not talk about it in here. I hope they're not trying to turn into some kind of... Captain America, though. Use your looks to recreate a dead legend, eh?" Tony couldn't hide the bitterness in his voice.
Steve didn't respond to him, his eyes set at Bruce who seemed taken back, "I'm sorry Banner, but that might be our only shot." He said, slowly, his voice dull and hoarse.
"Cap, um... I'm sorry!" Sam's panicked voice made them jump.
"Fine. If it's okay with Fury." He said, looking around for the director who was nowhere to be seen.
Dinner was great that night. They cooked together, ate, and laughed. His mother looked so young and healthy. Everything was perfect.
Tony was okay with Steve being there. He was the team leader. Captain America and all that. Steve had moved in a month after everyone else. Tony used to spend a considerable amount of time in the tower, bonding with his science bro Bruce. After Steve had moved in, he'd try and find excuses to avoid coming to the tower. No one was fooled. Most people just knew Tony had always resented Captain America, and Natasha and Sam were aware of Tony's crush on Cap because Pepper had been whispering in their ears. Still, they were Avengers and had little time to worry about Iron Man's love life.
"Now. How about that drink?" Strange offered.
"Should I give him the talk before he leaves?" Steve whispered to Tony.
inside your helmet. Is that true?" She growled.
Peter took a deep breath and forced himself to relax.
Tony asked about the Avengers. He wanted to know what was happening outside the facility. Tony was in for quite the surprise when they parked him in front of a TV, the team's most recent press conference playing before him. Today was his "healing" day, and they were letting him move about a small section of the facility in a wheel chair. A wheelchair because he had been relieved of his legs yesterday. They watched him like a hawk, but at least he had some freedom to do as he pleased. He gathered from the limited decorations around the facility that it was the holiday season. Perhaps these people were feeling generous and that's why they were allowing him this small freedom.
"We'll have to call in reinforcements!" Steve said.
Steve laid his head against Iron Man's chest, listening to the gentle hum of the arc reactor.
Steve turned his attention back to the forest before him. His motorcycle kicked up mud as he sped through the trees. The rain wasn't coming down as heavy as it had been when they first raided the Hydra facility, but it was still coming down fairly hard. Steve kept his head low, allowing the water to easily roll of his cowl. In the distance, he could hear the Hulk roaring. The Hydra agents had put up more of a fight than expected, so the Avengers had to break out the big guns.
Steve put two fingers to his ear, activating the microphone. "Yes?"
"Tony?" Bucky pulled away. Tony's heart ached at the pain in Bucky's eyes. He hadn't meant to upset the super soldier. The Avengers hadn't left Tony to suffer as punishment. That much was clear to him now, and he felt regret for lashing out at them. "Tony, we-"
Peter made it back to the facility with only five minutes to spare. He went straight to the lab, not bothering to speak to anyone. Clint tried to talk to him but shied away when Peter gave him a death glare. Tony followed his son, speaking up when it was clear Peter wasn't going to do so. "Everyone's waiting in the conference room. We need to form a plan."
"Is what you're doing life threatening?" Michelle leaned forward, her eyes squinting.
Tony yawned as he poured a cup of coffee for himself. He was the only one awake this early in the morning, other than Steve and Sam, who had already left on their morning run. Something tapped on the window. Which was odd, considering they were on the top floor of the tower. Tony whirled around, although he was not surprised to see Spider-man on the other side of the glass. A cardboard box was slung over his back, secured with webs. He tapped his knuckles against the glass.
"Who's the 'lame dad', now?" Tony snorted. Steve rolled his eyes and opened his book again. He had barely gotten through the next chapter before he heard snickering. He glanced up to find that Tony and Peter had combined their bots to make some horrific creature. The bot took one step forward and fell into pieces. Peter said something under his breath that made Tony double over in a fit of laughter.
Tony looked down at his own drink, turning the cup around in his hands. "Peter?"
The microwave dinged and Peter quickly pulled away from the Avenger. He retrieved his Pizza and ran.
"Fuck off, Toomes," Otto snapped. "Maximoff told me to get closer to Spider-man. How do I make him trust me?"
After that, Steve moved in with him and Michelle, unable to keep living in the house Tony had died in. The super soldier serum didn't allow Steve to age like a normal human. If you took out the time trapped in the ice, Steve was in his early sixties, but he looked much younger. He was destined to live a much longer life than a normal human. Going on without his husband was difficult, but Steve managed to keep busy. There was talk of him rejoining the Avengers. Steve needed the distraction but didn't know if he would be able to do it without Iron Man at his side.
"We'll figure it out. Together." Steve cupped Iron Man's cheek with his hand, and Iron Man leaned into his touch. Behind the mask, Tony was smiling.
. Every inch of his body. Inside and out. Peter shivered. His body hadn't felt like his own for a long time, but now it felt even less so.
"I don't get it," Deadpool huffed, putting his head in his hands. He and Spidey had gone on patrol together and were taking a break on a fire escape.
Steve smiled at his friend, before grabbing the remote off the coffee table. "What do you want to watch?"
"Peter?" Tony whispered.
"You created a radioactive spider," Steve pointed to the diagram on the first page.
"It does."
Spider-man laughed. "Ooooor, you could try being a team player for a few years."
Iron Man cursed when a ball bounced off the back of his head. "If you are going to play with the bots, please do so on the other side of the room," he hissed. Thor retrieved the ball and hurried away, Dum-E speeding after him.
"That's right. Unfortunately, Mr. Stark has elected to terminate the Ultron Project."
"You know so much about us. This was hardly fair." Natasha shot Tony a death glare before slipping out the door.
"An old friend."
"Gotcha!"
"That's a little over dramatic."
"Not now, Peter." Tony was completely focused on the tablet in his hands.
"Completed? What exactly are you hoping to accomplish with all this?"
"I want her to be able to live a normal life. I don't want her crim fighting. Or having to keep looking over her shoulder. If she develops powers later on, then I'll help her learn to use them. But for now, she's better off this way.." He had said.
"No. We give him five more minutes. Bucky and I will go down there if there's still no word." Steve reported.
"I thought he didn't take that thing on patrol?" Tony narrowed his eyes.
"I'll consider it," Tony didn't believe her. Who would care that much about a robot? About him? Ridiculous.
"Why the hell are you friends with Osborn's kid anyway?" Tony asked suddenly.
"I gave him his powers. What Peter did with them was completely up to him," Bruce didn't seem in the least bit worried.
"Clint and Sam are threatening to leave the team," Rhodes said suddenly.
"How do you know about that?" Peter narrowed his lenses.
"Hey, tiger." She breathed out.
"Don't fight me on this, Iron Man. You're all I have left of Tony. Please just let me worry about you, okay?" Rhodes' expression softened.
"He probably picked a fight with someone he wasn't ready to fight," Tony answered.
"I like the new design. Lovely paint job, as always, too bad I have to ruin it." The bot's voice crackled as if it were laughing.
"You good, Tony?" Steve asked.
"Tony." Steve said adamantly, "You've barely slept these past few days. I get that you're stressed, we all are. But you need to calm down before you let your anger get the better of you."
Steve broke the window to the viewing room and jumped down, using his shield to break the fall. "WANDA HAS CONTROL OF PETER!!!" He screamed, running toward the fray.
"Can we eat?" Clint called from the kitchen, sounding a bit irritated.
"I'm sorry, your
"Rogers." Tony said firmly, "I appreciate you looking out for my kid but you are not his father-"
Michelle didn't like that idea. "Natasha and Clint have been teaching me to fight, and I have a gun-"
Vision shook his head. "I don't wish to upset Mr. Parker further."
"Not what I meant."
"yes, I'm paying attention," Spidey cut Steve off. He was sitting between Clint and Tony, doodling something in a notebook. Steve opened his mouth to say something else, but Peter beat him to it, "Are we done?" Clint leaned over to see what he was drawing, only for Spider-man to cover the page with his arms.
Iron Man stopped and looked back at Thor. "No thank you." His voice sounded off. It was muddied as if he were underwater.
"They're not going to yell at him. They're all worried sick. That's why they came back to the compound." Bucky said. Tony scoffed at that. "Well, believe it or not, they are!"
"What else is new?" Rhodey said.
The super soldier was able to dismantle one of the suits, the Mark eight if he remembered correctly, but was quickly attacked once more by the Mark forty. He slammed the shield into its head only for the armor to grab it and hold on tight. The two both tugged the object towards themselves, the Mark forty's fingers scratching the paint in the process. Steve managed to yank it free and slammed it into the throat of the armor. The helmet went flying and the armor itself stumbled back.
A man turns into a giant green rage monster when he is upset?
"I did, thank you." Steve gave him a warm smile.
"Shit." Steve cursed, Peter had ripped the grate off a different vent and crawled into the air duct. He was the only Avenger small enough to fit through the vents, so there was no going after him. "Split up! He can't stay in there forever!" Steve ordered, "Vision, is there anything you can do?"
"SHIT!" Natasha jerked the Quinjet to the side, right as War Machine shot past. He took a sharp turn downward, going straight into the water. Thor and Falcon hovered just above the waves, watching nervously.
"It's a pain in the ass, but I can." Tony shrugged. "Can you get me my coffee mug? It's on the workbench." Bucky did as he asked while Tony continued talking. "My arm never causes me this much trouble." Bucky handed Tony the mug, earning a small "thank you" from the cyborg. "And it's hard to walk with them."
"Don't worry, Stark, taking down that tin can should be no trouble," Clint shot an arrow at his shoulder. The arrow sent shock waves through the armor, causing the eye pieces and arc reactor to flicker. The armor reached up and tore the arrow away.
"Alright nobody move!!" Rhodey yelled, the machine gun on his back flipped onto his shoulder and locked into place.
"Who cares? The Avengers shouldn't be picking fights in a cemetery. It's disrespectful," a masculine voice answered.
"Actually, Rhodey and Sam haven't done a damn thing wrong," Peter smiled. "Well, Sam doesn't share his cookies with me, but that's okay."
"Bingo." Tony went back to typing. "We dated. Briefly. A long time ago."
"Indeed. Do you not recall?"
"Broke." Tony choked out.
Slightly shorter chapter than usual. I hope you enjoyed, nonetheless.
"How are things going with your new apartment?" Steve quickly changed the subject, giving his step son a warm smile. Peter's anger melted away and he returned the smile.
"I take it the meeting didn't go well?" Bucky leaned against a tree, watching Steve aggressively chopping wood. The soldier hadn't even bothered to completely change out of his Captain America uniform, the top part of the uniform having been discarded on a log.
"Ma'am, put the scissors down," Steve held up his hands to show he meant no harm.
"What are you doing?!" Steve yelled over the comms. It looked as though Iron Man was letting the Vulture fly away with Spider-man.
Spider-man's lenses stretched wide. How did Toomes get out of prison? Were these people seriously planning to take down the Avengers? He had thought Doc Ock was just after him. Whatever was going on, Peter was in way over his head. The logical thing to do would be to get the hell out of there and call the Avengers for back up. Unfortunately, Spider-man's thought process didn't quite work like that. He let himself drop down from the ceiling. He kept to the shadows as he slowly crept towards the group.
"That's just as bad..." Clint groaned, remembering all the damage he had done all those years ago when he was under Loki's control.
"Look who's talking," Peter shot back.
"I knew it was what Osborn wanted when he was using me to get to you." Peter shrugged again, "I actually never looked inside the box my mother gave me. I knew there was a weapon inside, but I didn't know it would be...sentient...or...yeah..." Peter pulled the sheets back over himself. Michelle grunted but stayed asleep.
"How can you not care?!" Steve said. "He's gone off on a suicide mission! We need to know what exactly this is about so that we can help him." Steve looked and sounded upset. The soldier was pacing the room nervously, his eyes flicking between the hologram and the window. Bucky wanted to punch him in the face. How could he parade around, acting like he cared about Tony after he drove him away? Maybe if Steve had shown this level of concern for his boyfriend in the first place, they wouldn't be in this situation.
"You...you're breaking up with me..." Tony whispered.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Here," Steve tapped Iron Man's helmet with a water bottle. The Avenger sat on the curb, taking a short break now that the chaos had died down.
"He's not in the graveyard, or anywhere nearby." The winged Avenger reported. "Get ready guys..."
"I'm sorry, I should've been paying closer attention to my surroundings," Steve pulled Iron Man closer, their foreheads almost touching. "Thank you. For rescuing me."
"Don't say that."
"He'll change his mind."
"I'm calling in the big guns," Wanda yelled at Bruce.
"Protection from what? We aren't a threat to your kid," Clint said, carefully setting the arrow on the coffee table.
"I will...later," Steve hummed. Iron Man looped an arm around him and pressed his mouth to the top of Steve's head. "You're awful affectionate, today. Not that I'm complaining," Steve gave him a loving smile.
Over the next several hours, each of the Avengers was questioned. Food was also brought to them, and Tony was able to get the time from one of the guard's watches. 10:00pm. They had been held captive for nearly twelve hours. After dinner, the lights dimmed. Peter still hadn't returned. Fury had said he wouldn't, but Tony held onto a small bit of hope that he would.
"Good to be back," Peter croaked, letting his eyes fall shut.
"No, you won't. You're going to be a good robot and sit still while Pepper and I patch you up. Understood?" Rhodey flipped his faceplate up so that he could give the bot a pointed look.
It was Rhodey who approached Steve one evening, telling him that Tony had lifted the lockdown and that now might be the best time to talk to him.
There was a long moment of silence as the two men simply stared at each other. Peter's eyes were red from crying. Tony's heart ached. It was all Tony's fault, and he knew it. Every single awful thing that had happened in the last five years was because Tony wasn't careful. Wasn't paying enough attention. Wasn't fast enough.
"I'm getting married," Peter said, staring at his reflection in the mirror.
Bucky clenched his jaw, "fair enough."
Spider-man shook his head, "it's too dangerous."
Venom let out an inhuman hissing noise and clawed at the shield that was pressed into his chest.
"Engaging as we speak," Steve grunted. "This guy isn't going to go down easily. I may need back up."
Tony jolted, "what the hell? Who are you?"
"Good." Tony took one last look around his workshop. Everything had been packed away into boxes, with little notes describing what was inside. Just to make it easier on Pepper and the team. Dum-E whirred sadly. It, along with all the other bots were plugged into their charging ports. There was a note on the wall with specific instructions on how to take care of the bots. Tony gave each of them friendly pats before leaving the room.
"Making sure we hadn't burned the house down."
The sound came from directly behind Steve, and he knew the blast had been aimed at him. Surprisingly, Steve felt no pain. No searing burns from pure energy striking his flesh. Instead, he heard a cry of pain and felt someone fall against him. The moment he looked over his shoulder, his blood turned to ice. Tony had just taken the hit for him. The shorter man fell to the floor, hands clutching his chest. The armor that had shot him lunged for Steve. Thankfully, Thor came to the soldier's aid, using his hammer to destroy it before it got. Thor gave Steve a short nod before flying off.
Tony backed into the wall, holding his shaking hands close to his chest. He felt tears prick his eye, but he refused to let them fall. He had ruined everything. Just like he had predicted. The team hated him. Steve hated him. Tony wanted to curl up and just
"He destroyed the Hulk Buster. There's nothing more I can do," Tony said quickly.
"Is this where you killed him?" Steve didn't need to say Obediah's name.
"I doubt he'll want my help, although I can try," Sam shrugged. "I can help with his PTSD. But to be honest, I don't know where I'd even start with the identity crisis he's got going on."
"I'm sorry that this had to happen to you," Tony whispered.
"You good?" Steve hadn't noticed Bucky kneeling at his side until the other super soldier spoke. Steve nodded. Bucky sighed in relief, "good thing Stark and I came home when we did. Hey, Tones! now would be a good time to call one of your suits!"
"Tons," Iron Man sounded annoyed, but his body language told a different story. Iron Man had always had a soft spot for kids, even if he wouldn't admit it. "Please don't touch that," he gently pushed the boy's hand away from his arc reactor. "How about you kid go see what Bucky's up to? I'm sure he'd love to tell you all about his metal arm." Iron Man pried the kids off him and shooed them away. As soon as they were gone the conversation turned serious. "All three missiles were targeted at my workshop. Whoever this is, they're after me, not the Avengers." Iron Man explained.
"I am. Thank you, Mr. Osborn." Peter nodded slowly. The man before him had personally called Peter about the job opportunity and had even interviewed Peter himself. He had only been working for Osborn for two months, but the man seemed to have a special interest in him already. Often coming down to the lab to see what Peter was working on. Norman was obviously trying to be nothing but friendly, yet Peter found him to be slightly creepy. He wasn't sure if it was the disturbing way his face crinkled when he smiled or the fact that his spider sense pricked ever so slightly when Osborn entered the room.
"I think we should keep moving." Steve nudged Natasha forward. He could hear the beating of wings. Very large wings. They needed to go. Right now.
"Nice night out, huh?"
"Ready for round two, Stark?" Bruce sneered. Tony tried to move but the suit didn't obey him. Instead, it's targeting system locked onto Spider-man. His fist uncurled, the repulsor taking aim.
"It's just Uno, birdbrain," Iron Man slapped his card down. "Skip."
"Wait, what?"
"What sort of stuff?" Steve moved around behind him to get a better look at the screens.
"We're going out for ice cream. Get your shoes. Or don't. I don't care. But we're getting ice cream." Sam announced before marching over to where the rest of the team was waiting in the doorway.
Wanda pulled a vial from her pocket and promptly dumped its contents onto the ground.
"That's a complicated question."
"Are you alright, honey?" Steve managed to free Tony from the dead suit. He brushed his hand over his Husband's bloodied cheek. Tony just nodded, in too much shock to say anything.
"Christmas."
"Iron Man's here?!" Steve said into the comms.
Iron Man grabbed him just in time. But he wasn't able to change his flight direction in time. The two crashed into the ocean, with Iron Man twisting his body underneath Steve and taking the full force of the crash. After a minute of flailing in the water, the two managed to get their heads above the waves. Iron Man used his working jet boot to push them to the shore.
"Very funny," Steve snorted. "I meant your biological parents."
"Suck a cock, Rogers," Iron Man waved a wrench at him. "This place is a mess."
Tony looked at his now empty bowl. "I don't want to go home because of the Avengers. I miss my bots. And I have to repair myself."
Peter smiled, "there are lots of different kinds of spiders. Henry is a Mexican Redknee. I think he likes you." Faint chirping noises could be heard from the tarantula. They were light and happy, as opposed to the angry hissing the rest of the Avengers usually received.
The rest of the team always had questions for Iron Man. Sometimes invasive ones. Clint once asked him if he had to plug himself into the wall at night. Iron Man had slapped him upside the head for that.
"I will," Tony promised. With that, he headed for the Quinjet. "Jarvis, you got a lock on Steve's comm?" He took a seat in the pilot's chair, Steve's shield propped up against his leg.
" Happy motioned for him to continue. Now that he was close to the camera, Peter could see the haunted look in Happy's eyes.
"Really," Peter smiled.
"The fuck did you just say about my music?" Iron Man slowly turned his head towards the archer.
I hope you all will enjoy the new direction of this story.
"I don't know, but there's a lot of smoke coming from a few blocks north," Steve reported.
An extra paragraph was added about an hour after uploading this chapter. It got left out on accident, sorry for any confusion.
"That's an understatement!" Hawk-Eye dropped down from the ceiling, followed close behind by the Black Widow. The two engaged Wanda, knowing they were no match for the Hulk.
"No, the castle!" Tony pointed in the direction they needed to go. They had taken a sudden turn away from their destination, arriving in a town filled with hundreds of elves. The small beings had circled around the wagon, all speaking at once in their strange dialect. One of the elves touched Tony's gauntlet, causing him to jump back and hold the weapon behind him. "Our friend! He's in danger! We need to get to that castle!"
"He was. But he's gone now." Natasha said. "Should we check the surrounding towns? I think the closest one is five miles north of here"
I had trouble deciding which scenes to include and ended up cutting out a lot because of various reasons. This ended up turning into a general look at how Peter's life turned out. Which was not exactly what I had planned, but oh well. I'm happy with it. Sorry not sorry for kill Tony. Please don't hate me.
"Peter!" Tony's head snapped in his direction, his face twisted into something Peter couldn't quite read. "Stop. Fucking. Talking."
"I don't know where it is, you sick fuck!"
"Tough luck. I'm not going anywhere without Tony," Peter scribbled in the corner of the worksheet as he spoke.
Bucky set a plate of pancakes and a glass of milk on the nightstand. "You need to eat, Tony." The lump of blankets on the bed groaned. The only thing visible of the cyborg was a few tufts of black hair on the pillow. "C'mon, punk," Bucky nudged his shoulder. There weren't any hidden rooms in the cabin, so Tony had shared a bed with the soldier last night. Which resulted in a lot of kicking one another in the shins and wrestling for the blankets.
"I'm fine, Winghead. Just a bit of a cold." Iron Man looked down at their interlocked hands. "I need to talk to you about something. In private."
"Why?"
Spider-man landed on a fire escape, wondering what he would've done if Tony had been the one who died that night. Would Peter have gone after Harry, looking for some kind of revenge? No. If the Goblin had killed Tony, then Peter probably would have lost it, striking down Norman Osborn where he stood. Spider-man hung his head. Now all Peter could think about was what would've happened if Tony was killed. Peter would be completely and utterly destroyed.
