John’s face fell in surprise, a deep ache settling in his gut. He swallowed, and when he didn’t say any more, Sherlock turned back to look out the window.
John wrinkled his brow. “The… the woman who ran the zoo?” He rubbed his forehead. “You’re jumping all over, I don’t understand.” The wind howled around them, and it would be dusk soon. “Can we go to the guesthouse to discuss this? Out of the wind?” John looked back the way he came. If the internet hadn’t lied, he could see the accommodations from where they stood, not even a 15 minute walk. It really was not a large island.
John shuddered just once, a flare of submission flicking through him just as the salamander’s head flicked towards the simple jewelry.
I want to say now that certain things Sherlock knows are accounted for later on, so you can't call bullshit on them. In case anyone (rightly) points out John never told him this or that. It's established how that happened later.
“Yes. I allowed you to stay before because you had no ties to magic and you helped keep my brother alive. Now your presence is counter-intuitive on both points. I’m grateful for your service, doctor, so I will do you this kindness. Take this. Go overseas. I hope I don’t have to threaten you.”
A stuffy looking man, older with a bit of paunch around the middle, came out as if to curse them out. But apparently Sherlock’s image was striking, because between seeing him and the car, the gentleman thought twice.
“Right.” John cleared his throat. “Now… on to the matter at hand. Sherlock and I have gathered enough information to have a distinct picture as to where the zoo is…”
“More than I know. We can see it, too. If we know how to look. Humans can’t, unless they’re alchemists or mages or that sort.”
The girl was led out on stage, and John was alone to listen to the announcer or auctioneer or whatever, his voice almost indistinguishable behind the thick velvet curtain.
Sherlock? We brought a whole damn team in for this, why would you run off on your own?” John handed off his gun so Sherlock could cover them while he got out his med kit.
Sherlock dogged after John, who was walking directly across the field they crossed the night before very quickly. His cane at times sank into the earth, but since it was below freezing, that wasn’t often. It didn’t seem to slow him down any.
“Faas. Got some of your weight back, I see.” John squeezed him, the doctor in him unable to be fully ignored behind his more fond reasoning.
John went through a myriad of facial expressions, which in other circumstances would have been funny. “How do you think I feel guilty?”
John’s face softened, and aged a little. He lost his command and looked just… tired. “Shifter. It’s what we call ourselves, to one another.” He could read the curiosity on his friend’s face. “Not many of us, not that I know of. No society I’m aware of or anything, no signals other than… scent, really.”
Sherlock honed in on the footsteps of fine leather shoes (men’s, average size, new within a week and only worn indoors) clacking across the stage. Someone began to slowly clap, and as their eyes adjusted...
“Ah. That would be Keya, a spirit of protection in our lands. We often give talismans of the turtle to our children.” Kar answered distractedly.
“But you’re special, aren’t you Doctor Watson.” Moriarty’s face was in his, flipping him on his back and pinning him. His hands wrapped around John's throat. Long, strong thumbs pushed his larynx in as a wild-eyed grin hijacked his vision. Between that and the heat crawling up his legs via his burning trousers, John could think of nothing but the Irishman crushing the life from him. He dug his nails into… some fabric… He was so weak, he couldn’t think…
“Yes. Good.” Sherlock seemed to smile, or else his mouth twinged. John wasn’t sure. But after that he fell silent again, so John resigned himself, bought a paper, and sat back. It would take them nine hours and five transfers to get within a reasonable distance of their destination. No sense working himself up about things Sherlock might or might not share about his plans.
Both Shifters turned to look at Blythe. John turned to face him, sitting on the floor to maintain eye level. “You’re not in a position to be asking questions. Are you going to cooperate now?”
“Greg. I didn’t know you came here.” John said, not unkindly. He stopped the reply before it could form. “Come on, unless there’s a reason we should be standing out here like lurkers.”
The sylph stuck out it’s tongue at him but put the watch back and flew at him, making his short hair go every which way, before resting around his shoulders.
It was a bit awkward, though Sherlock bending to accommodate his flatmate took nothing away from his sweeping gait. He threw open his covers and slowly, carefully, helped John tenderly get in and lift his legs up.
“I suggest you take Doctor Watson seriously. He is, as they say, the ‘good cop’ of our operation.” Sherlock hummed, backspacing to erase a line of data he’d written.
“Can I pick you up?” John asked. Strel hissed at him. “Fair enough. But you have to sit with me. I can’t drive and Sherlock can’t really do it if you’re sitting with him.”
Sherlock pursed his lips, but bit back a snide remark. “Fine. Give me a moment.” He turned and left the kitchen, and a moment later the women heard him taking the stairs two at a time.
“Better safe…” John mumbled, concentrating as he mixed the charcoal into water carefully and sat Bluebell up. He positioned the bucket in her lap as he stirred vigorously. “You have to drink all of this. It’s not a nice taste, but you need to drink all of it. Understand?”
She scrutinized him as he turned again to bid Mrs Hudson farewell and tell her they’d be gone a long while, and to not let the body parts in the fridge spoil. “Call Molly to pick them up if I’m not back by the 13th.” He finished, earning a tsk and a little swat before smiling and kissing her on the cheek.
“Why would I need to be rid of identification?” Bluebell asked, following him as he swept from the flat. She made sure the door was closed behind her as he hailed a cab.
“Planning a late one?” John asked, stifling a yawn. The walk back had taken twice as long at their leisurely pace.
What seemed to actually take up his time was a comfortable chair set up so he could look out on the ocean, a table beside it made up for nosh and wine, a thick rug dusted in white hairs running beneath them, and a row of bookshelves. All full, circling around the outer wall of the entire floor.
As they slaked through to the last ten feet, John realized why Mycroft was staying back; they’d only just crossed some unmarked boundary.
. Missing persons cases from that populace more often than not went cold. They often couldn’t go to police without risking exposure, and if they did, they had to omit too much.
A squeaking started nearby, and they looked over to watch the rope for the dumbwaiter shake, and slowly the little box came into view. John recognized the footsteps that followed it upwards.
Next chapter will be out this week, dunno when, still just the 20 chapters planned. Don't think that's all there will be.
“You’ve avoided the subject until you felt safe and vulnerable, just like with magic. And you’ve told me you feel guilty about that in many ways. Should I list them off?”
“Mads.” The other girl hissed from where she stood, at the shoulder of the woman who'd first spoken to John. The girl in front of John waved her off without looking, keeping her curious eyes shining at the soldier.
Lestrade massaged his brow as he spoke under his breath. “Bloody hell…” The frantic efforts to find and protect John had been one thing; he hadn’t the time to mull over the new world he’d been looking into. Now, in a casual setting with an unfamiliar beast that frankly he wouldn’t think was Sherlock at all if it weren’t for it’s movements and mannerisms, the surreal nature of it all was sinking in. And none too pleasantly, either.
“Doubtful.” Sherlock finally interjected. His gaze was harshly trained on the compound ahead of them, which the headlights had just illuminated.
That was the last thing John was expecting, and he opened his rapidly drying mouth. “Sherlock, what the f-”
Gigi explained that Shifters were mostly mammals, and never fish or insects or anything smaller than a jackrabbit. They could be extinct or endangered animals, if the species had been around in the past hundred years or so, but it happened about one in a thousand. And the Shifter to human ratio was about one in half a million, meaning there were about 14,000 Shifters on the planet.
Strolling into the villa (via the front gate, like a normal person) and into the house, John tossed the file in his hand onto Sherlock’s belly and sat triumphantly on the nearby recliner. His detective didn’t stir.
Then he knew where Sherlock had gone, because he knocked the Frenchman over the head and took the device before settling him on the floor.
“I can’t blame them for their anger. They’re scared. Our entire history both magical and not is tainted with destruction at the hands of outsiders.”
John watched him, blood in his cheeks. Every careful movement, just as practiced as any nurse he'd worked with. “Have much medical experience, then?”
“Could ask you the same, standing out in the cold like this.” Mike chuckled as he looked around “There he is.” He raised his free hand to wave as the stocky blond jogged up.
She roared, making Sherlock flinch back, and raised up as John fired. Backing up a few steps, she rose her paw to her face and collapsed forward on her knees, the pelt resting on her human-again shoulders. She drew back her shaking hand to look at the blood running over it. There was a deep graze in her cheek. She looked up at John with contempt.
Chapter 12 is planned to go up by Wednesday. Still the 20 chapters I have planned are coming along well, there will be more than 20 chapters though.
Then he turned the light and started making his way down the small, dark hallway as quickly as he could while still being silent.
Turning away to spit out his reasoning, finally… it seemed obvious, honestly. “I don’t want you to leave!” Sherlock turned again, now a few paces away, to look fearfully at John as his brow furrowed. He was confused… That irked Sherlock, that reminder that even if John saw a lot of Sherlock no one else did, he was still more or less of a pedestrian intelligence. He wasn’t following.
” He had to stop or his voice would betray him, running a hand down his face and trying to control himself. His nails dug into the expensive leather.
Bluebell, who had taken a blazer off someone as a trade for her dress, tapped her foot to get their attention. “Reunion later. Neighbors are starting to gather. We’re lucky they were expecting more reliance on magic from us, these were alchemists. They won’t make that mistake twice, we need to leave immediately.”
John didn’t look up, but smiled slightly into his hands at the detective’s baritone. “Another test, huh? And you didn’t intervene this time.”
Sherlock took the old bandages into the kitchen. John could hear the sink running as he, too, inspected his wound. It didn't give him the same sick feeling his shoulder had at this stage. But then, this was just a flesh wound. His army injury had been scores more serious.
“Hm? Running around last night? Probably my brother.” Faas answered, stirring cream into his tea as he sat opposite John and Sherlock in the breakfast nook of the house. It was open, filled with the natural light from the great bay window that took up one corner of the room, and temperate to accommodate a veritable greenhouse of plant boxes that lined the surrounding wall (with the exception of course of the nook’s bench beneath the bay window and the doorways leading to the rest of the house).
“Not a clue.” Sherlock reached into his pocket and took the little feather out. He’d been keeping it in a pouch.
Once out and caught up (already a block and a half away, the git), John considered things as he walked alongside Sherlock. If he was that certain this early on, it was nearly always the case he’d uncovered something significant that, unless they followed it themselves, would be overlooked. “Where are we going?”
He’d only gotten to the bottom of the stairs leading to his room when Sherlock plucked a resounding note and his voice followed the sound.
Mycroft put the letter on his desk and looked down upon it with his disapproving frown. It was telling, that he’d gotten a hold of this other than his brother for whom it
Ignoring that, Sherlock curled himself up towards the roof, like crunches but with a tail instead of legs. He stuck the little yellow ball to the roof before releasing his grip and catching himself as he hit the floor. The image was reminiscent of a cat, or at least the latter end of it was. He walked awkwardly on two legs to his chair, where he flopped onto his back and tented his claws and closed his eyes to think.
“Hurry and finish getting dressed. We don't have much time left.” He whispered, giving her a reassuring smile regardless of whether she looked frightened outwardly. If John was really honest,
Bluebell was tapping her foot again, not that Sherlock took notice. There was a terrible nagging feeling that this was both linked to their ongoing case, and meant to distract them from it. Sherlock was definitely interested now, she was certain, and she also suspected he had the same inklings she did. Maybe it was a lead, maybe it was unrelated entirely… the latter seemed unlikely.
“Hey…” Faas beckoned to John (he could always tell, somehow) that night, when the rest had been quiet an hour or so. “M’sorry. I shouldn’t’ve pushed.”
“John, they’re not important. Look at the bigger picture, it’s just the two of us. If we get caught freeing a handful of Shifters, who will rescue those who come after?” Sherlock spoke almost too quickly to understand, the urgency in his voice causing his fingers to grip a bit harder. “Sometimes you can be bloody stupid.”
When John entered and spoke, the boy turned his eyes without moving his body to look at the doctor. Narrowing them, grinning, and standing to face him, the boy spoke. John didn’t miss his fingers flicking across Bluebell’s chin as he turned, either. It made his gut clench.
“Yeah. Like two. Two stitches I can handle.” He watched Sherlock, acting like a kid who was bored in class. He sighed but stopped arguing. He didn’t really care if Sherlock wanted to do this part himself, no matter how
Starting at the sudden show of cognizenze, John looked at the sopping figure to find he was looking right at him with a wicked grin. “Um…”
Then it was a flurry of activity, nearly nostalgic for John. He was following with practiced familiarity, calling out signals and orders, carefully assessing the short-lived frantic opposition of the guards as they moved from the entrance to the main hall.
“Ah, yes!” She replied, clapping her hands together. “Come have a cuppa and I’ll tell you. I’d wager you haven’t had a decent nosh since you left hospital.”
It has come to my attention that my use of the wendigo is very possibly appropriation of Native lore/spiritualism. I’m a white person. So until I can assess this and either get a person who knows better to sign off, or I fix it or replace it... this chapter will be down, as well as any other mentioning this creature.
“Lie.” Sherlock began something slow and melancholy, at the low end of the scale. “You’re really a terrible liar sometimes. At least to me.”
Instead of a human body of any kind, there were three animal carcasses lined up expertly on the tray. They all looked like small mammals, though one of them was mangled beyond recognition. There was a raccoon, slit up the belly with surgical precision that looked to be missing a few organs, though Sherlock could not be sure. Then a monkey of some kind that looked like it had a very unpleasant death, and was missing a paw. It’s eyes were also missing.
John sipped his coffee again. “Come now, boys. I didn't drag you out to see whether people really can kill with a look.”
Merry Christmas! This is my gift to you all for putting up with me as I recovered from nanowrimo. I did end up writing about five chapters during November but they're all just a mess so they'll take some work before they're ready to be posted. I'm still working on this! I promise!
She ripped the fur lining out of the collar of her coat, the speckles of an entire pelt of some sort of cat. She threw it over her head, the paws wrapping around her neck, and the pelt melded into her.
“Sold!” The auctioneer cried cheerfully, catching their attention finally. “For 750,000 pounds to patron 23.”
Then Sherlock was shoved down by his doctors, who were warned properly about him, and drawn up into the helicopter. It left Mycroft behind, standing while leaning forward on his umbrella with both hands clutched atop it. He watched it rise, heard the underside of Sherlock’s tantrum, then turned on his heel with a sigh as his driver opened his car door for him. He shuffled gracefully, wearily, in to face his assistant.
Sherlock sat up tall, then got up and approached John just as he was sitting down on the bed and running his hand back through his hair. “You’re right. That’s likely the answer.”
John pushed hard on his rage to keep it below the surface as he recognized one of the twins in a collar, like a pet. Like an animal.
Sighing and knowing it was futile to ask questions right now, or maybe just deciding he was too tired to care, John grabbed his shaving kit and went to ease his sore leg under a hot shower before bed.
John looked over at Sherlock, who was working on something in his mind. That could take hours or seconds, and with no way to tell, John heaved himself up.
“Don’t worry.” Sherlock chuckled. “Blue warned me about this, it’s a part of the test. If she was a sub-par spellcaster, they could just take it without helping us. Of course they’d try. But it seems she knew what she was doing after all.”
Malnourished, extremely. Even in a vastly unfamiliar anatomy, it was obvious. Nothing broken, but several marks where he’d been burned by electric shock, healed over, then burned again. Movement weary. Hints of recurrence of psychosomatic limp…
John had heard cats speak before, not in human tongue but at the least he understood them sometimes when they made noise. No other animals seemed to have that skill, or if they did, John hadn’t seen it.
“It’s a start, dear.” Mrs Hudson left him to it, turning to open a kitchen drawer and pull out a photo album. Bluebell watched Sherlock while her back was turned, thinking he’d try to throw away his food, or hide it somehow… because she’d noticed in a lot of ways, he acted like a child. But he either thought better of it or didn’t feel he could fool his landlady, because he actually ate about half his bagel before she brought the album to the table and put it beside his plate.
He was led up some stairs that smelled heavily of polish, enough to make John’s eyes water, and the chains around his legs and wrists were circled through with another length, then locked into a bolt on the floor similar to the one he’d seen minutes before. He looked up to see a deep crimson curtain, huge and thick material that muted the goings on opposite them, and realised they were in a theatre. Because of course they were. What a cliched, stupid image of a black market was this…
Reaching to help herself to Sherlock’s port, the woman sighed. “Nothing more to be done, I’m afraid. If she’s out there, I will find her. That I promise.” She looked adoringly up at Sherlock, taking his mask off the table and putting it to her face. “Thank you.” She handed him the mask with another sigh. “You must be exhausted. Could I offer you a place to stay tonight?”
Processing things he felt he needed to do that he really would rather not, Sherlock silently reached out of the pile and retrieved his own mobile from his dressing gown. It was awkward to type with his Shift hands, but still doable, and he clicked off a short message with a determined frown.
need more information than you have to say that with certainty. And you’re not necessarily in a better spot, either. I don’t know what this curse will do to your body.”
The doctor got up and picked up his shirt and Sherlock's pajama bottoms. Then he looked at Sherlock, seemingly glowing with the fairy lights behind him, the morning still too early to cast a proper light.
It was their first Christmas together as partners. Before, they had always had company if they celebrated at all. And after the last Christmas he had had to spend with Mary, John was extremely ready to finally start the rest of his life with Sherlock, who had so far been heartbreakingly nervous and unsure about them. John felt the need to assure him whenever he could, and having a real Christmas with him was something he absolutely wanted to do.
“It’s okay, you haven’t ruined anything. We have both been a bit busy and moody, but it doesn’t mean the whole Christmas is ruined.” Sherlock lifted his gaze and John could see he was really feeling the strain of his injury and apparently the last few days too.
Somehow that got Lestrade's attention and he turned to face John again. "I'm sorry, but I should get to work. I don't know how Sherlock got you to come with him, but I can tell he likes you, if he's capable of that," he chuckled.
John felt his eyebrows jump to his hairline. He’d heard Molly mention something at work, that she was excited about a part on some ballet project. That was unusual, since Molly rarely talked much, and even more rarely about herself. Also, many other dancers had been chatting about something similar as they entered the studio after Sherlock’s lesson. “You mean the ballet project everyone’s been mad about? It doesn’t seem very small to me, I thought it was rather a big deal.”
“The whole card? Yeah,” John nodded, smirking at Sherlock. When the detective just nodded in reply, sitting up and then biting his lip nervously, John smiled and pressed a kiss to his forehead. “If you meant ‘just the antlers’ as in with the robe, it’s fine. You know it is very much fine.”
"He keeps running in and out around the clock when on a case," Mrs. Hudson said. ”Last night he stormed in at two in the morning. He kept knocking the suitcase on the walls."
But Sherlock looked determined and reached for John's trousers, sliding the button free. "You should probably guide me through, fiancé."
The week before his first actual lesson, Sherlock spent almost every day practicing after school (and probably during school too, John knew he didn’t always attend his lectures anyway) wherever he could and stretching when at home.
Sherlock's palm hit John's arse cheek with a slap for the fifth time, and John let out a small noise. He groaned again when Sherlock touched the red skin and squeezed his plush buttock.
The next day, there was no mention of that day’s surprise until the very evening, when John and Sherlock were sitting on their armchairs and relaxing, with the fire cracking in the fireplace. Suddenly Sherlock broke the silence and stood up, holding his laptop open.
John drifted off when Sherlock shrugged off the dressing robe. He was nude underneath it, except for a pair of very tiny red panties, not quite a thong but close enough. John swallowed hard and tore his eyes off the obvious bulge to look at Sherlock, who was watching him with a shy smile.
John opened his arms. "Come here, love. It's all fine, I’m actually happy that you asked me to stop in time, but I'm hoping you could talk to me about it."
But honestly, I'm surprised I managed to finish this at least somewhat in time, I wish I had such commitment to school stuff too lol
They fell to the bed in a mess of limbs, both giggling a little until Sherlock’s hand found John’s groin again. The giggles turned into breathless kisses and groping as they both tried to shed each other’s clothes at the same time until they were wearing only pants.
“I should make a list like that, just in case you didn’t know how much I love you,” he muttered, watching Sherlock with the widest, happiest smile. Sherlock just nodded and kissed John softly, mumbling something that sounded like “of course I know that” in between kisses.
“Bees?” John asked, looking at Sherlock, who was hanging his coat on the rack. “Well, yes…” the detective mumbled, taking John’s coat as well and then leading them to what looked like a very homey kitchen.
Sherlock blinked slowly and shook his head. "No, that was... good." He blushed as John gave him a wide smile. "Very good. Do you want me to...?" He looked down at John's crotch, the pink on his cheeks only growing stronger.
“Not on the costume, Sherlock Holmes,” Mrs Hudson chirped from where she’d appeared from the back, fussing as she checked that everything was on it’s proper place. “You did well, there’s no need to throw up.”
“Hey, love,” John sighed, clearly reading Sherlock’s thoughts from his face and coming to hug him even with the costume on the way.
"Oh, yeah, perhaps I should mention that I'm not the murderer, thank you very much." The man was a bloody mind-reader! Maybe this wasn't the first time someone thought he was the killer, he did sound annoyed.
Everyone had them. They were like a birthmark or a tattoo. No one knew how it happened, but everyone had words written on their bodies. And those words would be the first thing your soulmate said to you, if you ever were to encounter them. They could be anything from a simple "hello" to a cheesy pick-up line, even full-page poetry, but it always was the soulmate's handwriting.
He went back downstairs after a while. Sherlock was laying there, his hands steepled under his chin. John sat on his chair - there was
Sherlock took John’s right hand and lifted it. “Look,” he held it in front of their face and chuckled.
Even though Sherlock’s surprising calendar project had made John feel like it was Christmas Eve already, the running from crime scenes to the NSY quickly threw John back to reality. When Sherlock was studying the crime scene, John could only stand there and try to figure out what the man was after, which was what he did pretty much always. When they got to the Yard, Sherlock examined the rest of the material that was given to him and then laid out the details of the case, solving it rather fast. Greg rushed to arrest the culprit and then Sherlock and John were free to head home.
In the afternoon, they got dressed and got in a taxi with the sack. The second Sherlock had told him to dress warmly John's suspicions were raised again, and they only got stronger as Sherlock directed the taxi towards Natural History Museum.
“Relax,” Sherlock chuckled from behind him, brushing his hand over John’s shoulder. “Let’s sit down before the food gets cold, it took quite a lot of organising to get it delivered just in the right time,” the detective murmured, sounding quite satisfied with himself. He glanced up at the mistletoe hanging above them before looking back at John, who grinned and pulled him into a kiss.
Sherlock felt that the whole thing hadn't quite gone like normal human encounters were supposed to, and surprisingly he was actually bothered at the frequent worried look on the doctor's face. If this man was his soulmate, shouldn't things go at least a bit more... smoothly?
John chuckled, shaking his head and handing him the smaller bouquet. “Well, lucky for my secrets, you have your lazy deduction days too,” he grinned, kissing his cheek. Sherlock rolled his eyes playfully and poked him on the side before leading him off the stage along with the other dancers. “Well… how did you like it?” he asked as they walked to the changing rooms, hand in hand.
They warmed up by skating round the rink a few times, John still inexperienced enough that he was hanging onto Sherlock’s hand, grinning widely. When he started remembering how the skates worked, Sherlock helped him to try crossover again, and then they did a few slow-motion pirouettes too, Sherlock hugging John tightly and moving his feet so that they were spinning around.
It was nice to see that Sherlock had really complied him when John got back. He even got the detective to nap with him after that, and now they were laying on the bed. The silence was comfortable, and John didn't really feel like breaking it.
“It’s only rented, I wouldn’t buy a suit without consulting you. But you needed it and I didn’t want to ruin the surprise. You’re not going to wear your wedding suit to a simple date,” Sherlock said, scraping mould to the trash bin.
"No, right now you'll stay exactly here-" Sherlock chuckled and slapped him again, harder this time, "-while I'll get the plug," he finished.
“Nope, husband,” John grinned, not caring if the cabbie stayed silent throughout the rest of the ride. He was left outside a small café, the front window decorated with fairy lights. As he stepped inside, he saw that the tables had candles and holly decorations on them, and all the workers were wearing Christmas hats.
"John, what is happening?" Sherlock eyed the tree with a look of realisation on his face. "What day is it?"
There was quite a rush at the clinic, people catching the flu or some minor cold. As he handed out sick leaves and prescriptions to various meds, John was glad he wasn’t feeling feverish at all, despite his trip to the cold river. Well, he had quite the immune system, and besides Sherlock had done a great job, getting John warmed up quickly.
Sherlock interrupted him again, but this time it was with a kiss as the dancer climbed onto John’s lap and hugged his middle tightly. Then he buried his head in John’s neck and gave a laugh.
"The name is Sherlock Holmes and the address is 221B Baker Street. I mean, I've been looking for a flatmate – apparently I am too difficult to live with – and you're welcome to see it if you'd like."
John went to turn off the all the other lights, so the flat was filled with a warm blue glow from the tree. Sherlock curled up on the one end of the sofa and John occupied the other.
He wanted to laugh as he ran up the stairs. He pulled on his shoes and, without realising it, also tucked his gun to the back of his jeans. They were dealing with a murderer, after all.
Sherlock choked out a weak "one" and John lifted his hand again. He took his time to aim, and Sherlock tensed in anticipation before the stroke hit his behind.
John seemed fine now, so Sherlock didn't want to break the comfortable silence to ask about it. He had started to whistle, and Sherlock decided that whatever it had been, it could wait until after the holidays.
“No, we’ll save them for tomorrow. I already know what all of these contain,” Sherlock said with a grin, leaning in to kiss John softly and then whisper against his lips: “Besides, I’ve got something more important to unwrap today.”
Together, they got everything ready, a delicious smell filling the flat. Sherlock had made a dough for tasty white chocolate and cranberry cookies, a spicy fruitcake, gingernuts and some mystery light cookie dough, and it took a while to bake everything. He’d also already made some Irish cream truffle fudge, which was waiting in the fridge.
When the tree was done, they turned on the lights and then just looked at the tree, now shining and twinkling as the lights shone to the tinsel and the more glittery baubles. As they stood next to each other in front of the tree and watched it happily, John smiled widely to himself and pulled Sherlock closer by the hip, resting his head on the detective’s shoulder contentedly.
Basically, it was a knee-length sleeveless shirt – mid-thigh for Sherlock –  that prevented him from dropping his arms by his sides properly, since it was puffed up with tulle so that it was round and puffy at the middle. It made him look like, well, kind of like a lollipop, which was exactly the point, Sherlock supposed. It was still humiliating.
"What's the fun in that," the doctor grins as he scissors his fingers. Soon, Sherlock is bowing over the desk, leaning to his elbows as John starts to push in. He doesn't waste time, starting to fuck Sherlock slowly. He's got his hands on Sherlock's hips, pulling him back to meet his thrusts, picking up speed as Sherlock starts to tighten around him.
Heart sinking, John had jumped out of bed, leaping across the room and yanking the window open to make sure - yes, there was nothing summerlike about the weather anymore. It was the first day of autumn, and as he had smelled the distinct whiff of winter that most people couldn't sense, John had died.
True to his words, Vern was an ordinary, boring twelve-year-old, and even though John was a year younger, he felt like he was taking care of a baby.
"Alright, we can take a break," Sherlock grinned, taking John's hand and pulling him to the changing area. They changed into their shoes and got hot chocolates from Hotel Chocolat. They sat down to enjoy their cocoas and Sherlock drew a bee on the cream on John's drink, making the doctor giggle.
Every year, his parents tried to lure him out of his "winter depression", as they called it. They had tried light therapy multiple times, not that I had made any difference.
He woke up again later, this time to the sound of his alarm. Groaning, he turned it off and sat up on the sofa, grimacing at the ache on his neck. As he passed the kitchen on his way to the bathroom, John grinned when he noticed Sherlock had cleared a spot on the table for his microscope again and was sitting there with his nose buried in some notes.
He had written briefly about meeting Sherlock, though he had left the soulmate part out of it, and then a bit more about the case. Now he opened the blog post draft and read through it. Maybe he could post it, the case sounded interesting and he had captured his feeling at the time quite well and he wanted to hold on to that. It had been a while since anything had caught his attention like this, and the first time that something had engaged him like this. He hadn’t written a proper post on his blog before and now there were chapters after chapters of text. Something Sherlock might laugh at. Something new, something he wasn’t used to.
"The water came with the candle, John." Sherlock was looking at him with a small smile again, but he looked somewhat bored. John felt a twitch of panicked self-consciousness. He must be so dull compared to this man, and now they're trapped here, just waiting for a murderer. It was amazing though how Sherlock had got them to this point in the investigation.
always made him a bit edgy, and he hated himself for not being able to control it. Before he knew what was happening, Sherlock was almost shouting at the short man. “Why can’t you idiots stop saying ‘hi’ and just shut up already?” He quickly snapped his mouth shut after that, not wanting to get into any real trouble. He would take it out on the wall later.
They got home alright, John still shivering from the cold. Sherlock fussed over him, getting him out of the still-soaked clothes and checking that he was really okay. Then he ran a bath for John, practically pushing him into the bathroom, even when John tried to insist a shower would be enough.
I thought that French disco music wasn't quite the thing for this, so I had to come up with something
“A few times. I solved a crime for the owner, and he introduced me to the dogs,” Sherlock said, smiling again as one of the dogs jumped to the sofa and sat next to him. “I think we’re going to take you out today," he mumbled, scratching behind the dog's ear.
Although he wasn’t as anxious as he had been before his “audition” (as he had called it), John tried to calm him and to get him to slow down but Sherlock was determined to be the best he could. And well, watching Sherlock stretch wasn’t exactly unpleasant for John either.
“I gave him a week to think about it, he’d be a great addition to the cast,” Mrs Hudson said and John chuckled. “I’m sure he will be, thank you.”
They ended up falling asleep on the couch, cuddled close to each other with their legs entangled under the afghan that John had pulled on top of them before succumbing to sleep.
They got Sherlock patched up, a solid cast all the way to Sherlock’s elbow, the right arm – of course it had to be the right one, dammit, and it was a mutual decision that there would be no case after all. John didn’t have the faintest why Greg had decided that calling Sherlock would be a good idea, John had made it clear that the holidays would be spent without chasing criminals. But apparently murder still happened and Sherlock would’ve probably been perfectly content to spent his whole Christmas running from crime scene to crime scene.
to have sex with you. I really wanted to give this to you. I'm hard to buy for, I know it, and I just thought this would've been a gift for both of us."
The case turned out to be fairly simple to solve, but proving that Sherlock was right required quite a lot more work. They ended up with John drifting down the Thames in a tiny, leaky boat, his hands tied up with yoga leggings while Sherlock tried not to get strangled by someone wearing a bright green morphsuit.
So, he needed a leotard. And that was what he told the girl at the counter of the ballet store Mrs. Hudson seemed to prefer. Of course he wouldn’t take chances with his store choices, it was going to be an investment after all.
He stopped grinning at the ground and lifted his gaze when he practically felt Sherlock's eyes on him.
The blond hummed to himself as he made sandwiches, listening to the shower running. He couldn’t help but wonder if he should tell Sherlock the had gotten a ticket for the last show. He wanted to surprise him, but what if Sherlock came looking for him in the set during the performance and couldn’t find him? What if he got even more nervous, knowing John was watching? But John had seen him practice, it was kind of the same thing, right?
John couldn’t decide whether to look at Sherlock’s face or his own lap. “It’s just, I mean I’ve seen you dance, obviously, and you’re always happy after you’ve practiced… It’s something you want, or I thought… It’s fine if you rather not, it’s all f-”
"Well I knew you were up to something; you are so painfully obvious most of the time." Chuckling, John reached to kiss Sherlock on the nose.
The dinner was one of he most romantic things Sherlock had done so far, he thought. Well, the ice-skating was probably his favourite, but the fact that Sherlock had made the effort to do this was quite astounding to John.
Just as the front door slammed shut, Sherlock jumped. "Yes! Four suicides and now a note! Oh, it's Christmas!" He closed his laptop and picked up his coat. Then he turned to look at John, who was just standing there, very confused.
Sherlock then proceeded to tug John to sit on his lap. John complied happily. Then he took hold of Sherlock's face and led him to a more heated kiss. He took a good moment to explore the insides of Sherlock’s mouth, and pulled back when he really needed to catch his breath.
This one is the Sock One, shamefully little smut and some sock shenanigans from irl lived life. Not sorry.
"But you were right the whole time, and she wouldn't have been convicted of anything if you hadn't found the proof." John got out two plates and loaded them with the Chinese takeaway they had bought on the way home. He handed the other to Sherlock, who immediately shook his head.
Sherlock quickly pecked Mrs. Hudson's cheek on the way out. "Yes, yes, I know that. Tea would be nice when we get back."
"Sherlock? Oh it is you! I was just making tea and thought I heard scratching but you didn't come in. Who's this?" Mrs. Hudson was looking at John with far more surprise than she should be allowed. Before Sherlock managed to open his mouth (why on Earth was he being so slow?) John was extending his hand for Mrs. Hudson to shake.
Sherlock stared at him and then the stable, before nodding determinedly. They went inside, and John couldn’t help but smile at the familiar scent and sounds.
John watched as Sherlock plopped down on the sofa and wondered. He wasn’t sure if he had really thought he could manage to shoot someone without anyone noticing, but Sherlock clearly wasn’t going to make a scene.
Just when John's orgasm hit though, he pulled back to gather John's cum on his tongue instead of letting it flow straight down his throat. (John was always amazed and a little envious when Sherlock did that without choking, he hadn't even managed to deepthroat the detective properly yet.)
When the dancers bowed for the first time, John excused himself and got to the stage, loosening the string of the rose bouquet. He started handing the roses, thanking all the leads and then letting them take their last bows as he himself subtly shifted to the back row, where Sherlock was already watching him.
John raised his eyebrow at the tentative tone in Sherlock's voice and chuckled. "It's just as much your fridge as it is mine. Besides, I've put up with a lot of stuff worse than an airtight bucket, so don't worry."
Sunday morning John woke up in an empty bed, which wasn't unusual. What was unusual was the letter on Sherlock's pillow. John took it and grinned as he pulled out the card, marked with the number 3. He flipped it, already smiling widely.
“Hm,” Faas looked up and tilted his head slightly, “you didn’t know? Because’a him.” Since he was holding his breakfast in his dominant hand, Faas gestured towards Sherlock with his elbow. “One’a the easiest ways ta get the Shifters ta turn on ya is associating with someone being punished by the Fair folk. Dun matter it wasn’t yer fault, you got cursed and it’ll never be accepted by other Shifters. ‘Least not th’ traditional ones.”
Huffing a condescending laugh, John crossed his arms but continued to view the London streets whip past. “You see the state he’s in. Even if he weren’t ill, he can’t keep human reliably. We couldn’t risk travelling commercially.”
“Right.” John turned his gaze on Mycroft, who despite being nearly throttled the last time he was there, sat in the leather armchair as if it were a throne, and the room his kingdom. “You didn't have to come all this way for the feather, we could have dropped it by.” John tried not to sound annoyed.
like them!” Sherlock hissed. They had stayed still much too long. He grabbed John’s arms one at a time and forced them into his coats’ sleeves. The man begrudgingly allowed it. “You are Captain John Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers. Bloody act like it!” He slipped something from his belt, behind his tux jacket, then pressed the Browning into John’s hand. It didn’t hesitate to close around it. Sherlock quickly worked closed the buttons on his iconic coat, kneeling to finish the last few on his short friend as John checked the clip and loaded a round. He finally felt like himself for the first time in a month, even with Sherlock’s coat unearthing memories of a lad playing dress up (why was he so bloody tall?).
Bluebell laughed, and she stood as well. “That’s plenty to be going on, I think.” She gestured towards the door. “Thank you for the tea. You’re a lovely woman.”
Sherlock played high notes, which took his excellent control to keep from being screeching. “Did she tease you like the others?”
No matter his skill at dancing, Sherlock couldn’t put off the main event forever. He may have bought an extra half hour, at most. Now was the moment of revelation… had it been enough?
John sniffed in a breath through his nose and let it out his mouth slowly. “I honestly…” Then he stopped. It was her eyes, those piercing blue eyes… “You… you’re Faas’ mother.”
“Sherlock…” John started as the beast opened its jaw, much wider than should be possible and let out a screech that made him cover his ears. Sherlock was, of course, unaffected by the fae creature… but as John scanned the room, he noticed something that made him pause. Moriarty didn't seem to have heard it either.
“Come now, John, you think I’d let something this interesting take away my friend?” He quipped with his silly grinch-like curling smile. “I’ve only got the one.”
“Yes, yes. No need for another outburst.” Mycroft sighed, giving John an unappreciative side-look. Then he was off at very much his own pace down the stairs.
“What? Sherlock, are we not leaving today? We need to go catch our flight.” John sighed as he checked his watch.
By now all the figures had repositioned themselves more comfortably, except the large animal. Most of them just sat with their backs against the bars, and the fluffy cat stretched.
John took out a pair of somewhat less expensive shades, though that suited him much better, and leaned back as he slid them on.
He took her hand and kissed it with a bow. “Very kind of you, though I regret I must decline. I have to return quite early tomorrow. I will keep my people looking for any sign of your prize.”
Sherlock crouched next to her, eyes flicking back at where Lestrade was ushering the crew out and looking rather haggard. He looked to what Bluebell was doing. “Well?”
Leaning back and taking in John’s body language as much as his words, Sherlock walked along the incident with him.
, and the scent he’d been tracking was thick in his face as he doubled over into the arm, pain seeping through his gut…
It wasn’t anything less than what John had expected, so it didn’t bother him Mycroft was jumping on the chance to enact a power grab. It was obvious few people stood against him over long, and more obvious still was how sour Mycroft's milk turned at John's insistent bravery throughout their history.
“Just take them off yourself, then.” Sherlock huffed. “There’s no reason you should have to change the bandages yourself, at least.” He went off to the kitchen without waiting for a reply.
“I’m a paranormal expert.” Bluebell announced confidently, chin up, head tilted a little to give her tiny form an intimidating aura. “A skeptic.” She added at Lestrade’s wrinkling of his brow. “Now are you going to allow me to do my job, or do I have to go over your head? After the myriad of regulations you toss aside for your other consultant, it would not be hard.”
“Okay, in that case… who exactly do you see as beneath you? Not personally, but as a group. Minorities? Queer folk? Women?” Sherlock continued, not seeming at all distracted from the computer. “People below the poverty line?”
Sherlock was just revealing the real perpetrator in the Sussex Vampire case. The wiry teen didn’t look about to run even without his burly father’s hand on his arm.
Sherlock caught his sense back first, pushing himself up on his elbows and turning over to look at John in the face. He looked livid. “You need to smarten the hell up, John.” He hissed.
’ it always struck him that bleeding felt more like body heat leaving during mass blood loss, rather than loss of liquid.
He’d moved, enough so the bullet missed its mark but still hit him. Now his body was condensing, the suit seeming to fall apart rather than tear around him as his body shook with the effort of half-shifting after being shot. The result once he finished was a huge werebadger, its back claws digging into the pristine wood of the stage.
The girl looked curiously at her, then tilted her head to look at Sherlock. His eyes flicked to the biscuits and back, and he took one up with a nod. She seemed to be satisfied with that. She looked back at Bluebell and Sherlock put the thing down, wiping his hand on a napkin.
Sorry this took so long, and I won't be posting at all this weekend as I will be volunteering out of town. I'll try to post the next chapter tomorrow, but if I can't, I promise to have one up on Tuesday.
Two hours was about all John thought he could stand as far as the clacking of keys and, seeing as the glass cut out most of the crashing ocean, not much else.
“I rather enjoy your reaction in the midst of the others, and really it would be asinine to repeat myself.”
“You can hardly go out on your own again, or out of the village at all. Just tell me who the suspect is and I’ll go.”
As if in a trance, the doctor stepped forward. Before he could get half a dozen steps down the road, he jolted and turned back. Sherlock had grabbed him with his good hand, on his upper arm.
Though they’d taken a private jet (belonging to the British Government, at least on paper), the circumstance irked Sherlock more than flying coach commercially would have. They’d landed at the Regina International Airport and joined the mulling crowd to meet their ride to the ultimate destination.
Failing to hide his smirk and excitement despite himself, John sprung up to catch hold and help Sherlock haul him on top of the fence. They sat there a moment, just a moment, and looked out on the vast fields, some still with bales in them at particular junctions.
After half a tick, John cursed with the realization. It had been plenty difficult and painful to get changed once. But he knew this was an important stage of healing, and not taking care of this sort of wound properly could lead to infection. “Bugger me…”
“Right. There really isn’t time and I don’t trust him remotely. Shit.” Standing and going to his case, he got out his med kit. “Go get a bucket, a glass of water, and…” he took out a dressing gown as an afterthought, “throw this at Sherlock while you’re in the bathroom, he’s sitting there in a towel. Unless he buggered off even after I told him not to.”
Bluebell regarded him. She found it easy enough to not be offended by him, like an adult to a child who didn’t know any better. Of course, at least on some level he did… but on many others… “Do you really need to...”
“Hm.” Faas looked past John, out his window, thoughtfully. “Wonder what they’ll have to say about glowing. Not strictly forbidden, I’d think, but with those’n-”
Sherlock, curled forward like a perturbed child and looking through his curls at his brother, didn’t react to John. Instead, he answered Mycroft’s silence. “Apologize, now.”
Sherlock had been a whirlwind, leaving no time to really consider what was happening. Now that John finally got a chance to think and breathe, he was startled to feel a sting of yearning. Despite being a doctor and knowing about how people worked, he hadn't really believed in the 'love at first sight' that almost always featured in soulmate stories. But now John had to alter his regard towards the inexplicable soulmate bonds. And he still couldn't believe he'd met his soulmate. His soulmate, his bloody
John cried out, coming rather loudly and pulling Sherlock into a kiss to muffle his moans. When the last wave had passed, John sighed and threw his arm over his eyes. Sherlock just chuckled and wiped his hand and John’s stomach clean before flopping on his back right next to John, giggling.
“But you’re just… God, I shouldn’t get so horny from seeing you happy in your new kit,” John groaned, letting his head fall back to the pillow. “Is happiness even a kink? If it is, I’m super kinky then,” He sighed, letting his back arch as he rode the waves of arousal that coursed through his body.
They ended up getting rather drunk, leaning into each other as they climbed the stairs up to their flat. As soon as the door was closed, John pinned Sherlock to the surface and then they proceeded to snog rather sloppily due to their inebriated states, ending up giving each other hasty handjobs on the living room floor.
,” he moaned as Sherlock sunk on him, both of them moaning. Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut for a moment, getting used to the sensations.
nicotine patches?" John congratulated himself on his brilliant icebreaker as the brunette tipped his head back slightly more and opened his eyes.
The first thought that popped into John's still sleepy brain when he woke up was that there had been no nightmares that night. Until now, he'd woken up every night because of something - a panic-inducing dreams or just unpleasant memories. This time he had somehow managed to sleep through the night, which made him feel more perplexed than he would've anticipated. He couldn't believe that finding his soulmate had immediately cured him miraculously, but maybe there was a point to the love stories he'd always wanted to believe.
They walked down the stairs and then John opened the door, revealing a young-ish blonde woman behind it. Sherlock went from confusion to jealousy to anger to curiosity in less than a second until a bright, loud bark pulled his eyes from the woman to her feet, where an Irish Redsetter puppy was trying its hardest to break free from the leash and get to them, seemingly bursting with excitement.
After Angelo had left, John finally managed to cut his first mouthful of the pizza. It was delicious and suddenly John realised how hungry he actually was. Sherlock seemed to be watching him with a look of tolerance – he did say he doesn’t want to eat – when he wasn't searching the street, so John tried to keep his munching somewhat civil.
Sherlock chuckled and took the other sandwich, his ears a little red. “Don’t hold out too much hope,” he mumbled, glancing at John with a smile.
Sherlock shot him the 'we both know what going on here' look and scoffed while hanging his coat. "They had collected all the neglected paperwork from the last three months for me to deal with today. And the case was actually a three."
Sherlock scoffed, blushing a bit more. “Of course I made one. You’d complain about having to eat chocolate every day even though you like chocolate ridiculously much – stupid doctor habits – and the ones with the pictures are just boring.”
"Do you have to grope me every time?" Sherlock gasps as John's hand slips to his trousers, squeezing his arse as the doctor bends closer to look at the laptop screen.
Now he had Sherlock's interest for some reason. They had stopped and stood in the edge of the railways. "Winter? Why winter?"
Eventually the brisk air got too cold for them, and they packed their stuff and headed home, both of them grinning happily and their noses red from the cold.
John woke up when Sherlock tried to slip off the couch from underneath the doctor, jostling him in the process. “Mmm, Sh’lock?”
Sherlock slowed down and then stopped, almost wringing his hands. “Um… We’re married now,” he started, glancing at John and then clearing his throat. “And well, I expect we’ll stay married for the rest of our lives, right?”
"Oh, okay then," John grinned, promptly letting his towel drop to the floor. Sherlock froze for a second, CD on his hand, and then cleared his throat. "Uh, you can lay down on the table. On your, uh... stomach, at first."
The detective was wearing his midnight blue gown and a reindeer antler headband. "Antlers, John! Don't be slow," Sherlock chirped before rushing off again.
– and showed him to the leotards. At least she let him choose in peace after giving some advice on things that Sherlock mostly knew about already. He hadn’t had to look for long since the dark green, short-sleeved piece seemed just perfect, and he had quickly gone to try it on before buying it, deciding on a new pair of tights as well.
"Lauriston Gardens. We got a team there already, but I've told them to wait." Sherlock gave a firm nod. With that, the DI left the flat.
Sherlock twisted his hands a bit and blushed lightly. His hair was already wet and sticking to his face. "I... You're just slightly extraordinary sometimes, I didn't... It just came-"
Sherlock shook his head, shrugged and then looked at John. “She’ll give me the audition choreography,” he said quickly, sighing. “It’s not
“Of course I’d want that, I’d like nothing better. Thank you John, I’m really...” After squeezing the blond’s middle for the last time, he pulled back and swept his eyes over John’s face. “You’re really full of surprises, aren’t you?”
"Will be fine if I get some proper endorphins to my bloodstream." John couldn't help but chuckle. Such a Sherlock thing to say.
Sherlock quickly did as asked, crawling to John, who then tugged him into his lap. Draped over John's thighs, Sherlock's feet and hands barely touched the floor.
John paused, breathing in a few times before closing the distance between them and pushing himself so close that his body head was seeping into Sherlock’s back. “Love, I would never…” He started, laying his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders. “I would, and I will,
“I just happen to have excellent hearing,” Sherlock shrugged, smiling too as he settled the tray on the bed, climbing in too.
"Mmmh, I should've gotten a towel ready too," he muttered after a while, straightening up and grimacing at the mess in his boxers. John just giggled, sitting up on the massage table.
What he didn't expect was the sudden laughter as Sherlock looked down at him. "You honestly thought I'd tie you up so that I could do what we always do?" Sherlock cooed. "Oh, no. No, I'm going to be rough and tease you right to the brink and keep you there for hours."
“Okay…” John tried to help put it together. “You didn’t get the drug or its formula. Why’s he concentrating on us? After all this time with other bollocks.”
“You’ve never spoken to Neighbors before, have you?” Sherlock straightened his coat and raised the collar to protect from the wind.
one of them. Yelling at him wasn’t going to do any good, either. And it stung him, as he rolled over, because god he wanted to be home. Those things he’d yelled Sherlock was guilty of, he was worse. He didn’t want magic in his life, he wanted to work in England, in London, and he wanted, as he lay there in the cool night near the Arctic Circle and listened to Sherlock’s dexterous fingers typing away at the desk, to just feel sure of himself again.
In which Mycroft knows exactly as much as Sherlocks usual expectations; more than he'd admit and less than he'd guessed.
When John woke, he was shaking. His body didn’t seem to be acclimated to the half-shift yet, either that or whatever they were doing to him to keep him that way was screwing with him. Every subtle movement, his joints rubbed his bones together. He could neither pant nor sweat, and was freezing though his fur was thick as when he was full wolf. Altogether, John just felt a deep sense of
Tearing out a page and folding it against the pad, his fingers remembering the pattern. Harry had always been competitive, most often by making and comparing paper planes. Seeing which could make theirs go the furthest. He’d never bested her, but he’d gotten good enough to show off at primary.
It wasn’t until noticing the weight of his clothes that John realized he was soaked. The sprinklers in the room had turned on at some point. God, he was tired… just lying on the floor strained at his beleaguered muscles. He tried to speak but only rasping came out, and he descended into another fit.
Sherlock moved first, to cock his head a bit. Right. Sherlock didn’t get this sort of thing. “Yes.” He replied, unsure but unconcerned. He blinked languidly. If this suited to distract John from the real mortal danger they were powerless against settling upstairs, it didn’t really matter the context.
Apparently finished his inspection on Bluebell, Moriarty lifted his other hand and transferred her over. He now held her by his side, by her ears, and looked over to Sherlock. John was still about an inch from the detective, much to his discomfort, but didn't move.
He opened his mouth to yell as the spreading pain became unbearable, but was relatively certain he couldn’t make a noise let alone scream.
“No. Yes. Sherlock it’s.. I know it’s not your area, I just… right now…. Usually I get it, it’s endearing almost. But…”
After an hour in the same area with no luck, Sherlock decided to move on and circle back later. He crossed the road with his ears perked to any sound, eyes sharp to make certain he went unseen, and made it across silently. He was fairly sure he’d remained hidden as he began again.
Having bloody enough now, John grabbed Leo’s bicep and yanked him away. “If you insist.” He said coldly, pulling the boy to the hallway. He knew the youngster allowed it, but no matter how fast he was, John was also confident he was stronger and more capable if he decided not to.
His head knocked back hard against the metal grating and his arms were locked upward, holding the mass of dense fur off him. He didn’t know where his gun was. “Agh!” Sharp, hot pain seeped from his shoulder, and he scrambled to get leverage with his legs, ‘
“What's that?” She asked, pointing with her whole arm at his left shoulder. The spidering scar of his wartime exit wound was no longer (mostly) concealed by fur. “Can I touch it?”
John considered this carefully. He hadn’t thought about the entangling of Shifters with politics past the inability to properly utilize the police. The race and culture of this place had slipped his notice; only the change in fae had been on his mind. “I… didn’t think about that.”
“Maybe,” John turned his attention back to the present, “but he needs to learn about using his words. He can’t keep assuming I know whatever, it’s like opening a tin of beans with a spoon.”
“You must be doing a little better controlling it, at no point while Greg was here did he have to deal with the sudden appearance of your human self strutting around starkers.” John commented at the lounging Potos as he cleaned up the teacups. He glanced up at the dangerous substance stuck to the roof as he moved into the kitchen to place them in the sink. He’d have a hell of a time getting it down if Sherlock ‘forgot’ about it there.
They got a table in the back corner, not the usual one Mike and John used. Shed coats, near-shouted orders for a pitcher, hot breaths rubbed into hands, and finally, settlement.
“Why is it exactly you required me to shuttle you in a private plane?” Mycroft drawled impatiently, hands drawn up atop his umbrella as he sat across from John and Sherlock in his black not-quite-a-limo. They’d been awaited up the airstrip back in London by the frown of disapproval and the ostentatious car, and he’d made it clear his invitation to ride back to Baker Street with him wasn’t a request.
“What it looks like. Probably tuned into fire.” She watched it as well. “Don’t shift. Shifter magic is an odd thing, neither human nor fae. It doesn’t seem to know what we are yet.”
he deserved. He’s a selfish, arrogant child. She was harassed by our family, by others in the community.
“Sherlock…” John began, exasperated, when Bluebell heaved again and he was distracted by tending to her.
move!” She called out as he stared at the glowing ink around his feet on the floor. A torrent of magical energy swept around him with the ebb and flow of a wave, setting every hair on his body on end.
The degree to which John visibly relaxed was like seeing their entire history in less than a second, from damaged stalwart soldier to comfortable confidant. And then he looked extremely weary, running his hand down his face and letting out a humorless, breathy chuckle.
“I’ve gotta see him home, I don’t know if you’ve been on the receiving end of Sherlock’s displeasure but…” Lestrade chuckled as he stood outside with Mike, waiting for John to come back from the loo. He’d found the new man to be a disarming, supportive presence and had taken to him quickly.
choose, that interest you. But you’re picking up after me instead, you’re babysitting me when I’m injured, and you’re talking to me about
John answered it hastily. “God bless you.” He said as he saw not only the covered plate and glasses of both juice and milk, but a carafe as well.
This man, apparently seeking solace and simple refinery, also had an enormous ego and a Shifter like she was a pet. A lot of his traits seemed to contradict, if you went by common correlation or stereotypes. The last woman had been easy, almost ridiculously easy, to understand.
Sherlock pushed away the image of Bluebell on the plane, and what she'd told him about the intimacy and vulnerability of shifting. It wouldn't help anyone.
Facing out toward the audience, Moran had sat himself like a dog, haunches down. He opened his maw and, without a mic, spoke loudly so the booming of it echoed the auditorium. “A fine pair of items, folks!”
Blinking, Sherlock didn’t move. “We’ll get there around dusk. It will be dangerous, that’s an active time for Neighbors.”
“Yeah, sounds great,” John nodded, letting Sherlock pull him to the living room. They got some more tea and then opened the few presents they got yesterday. Sherlock got a pair of gloves and a fancy notebook while John got a pair of nice woolly socks, a new laptop case and a box of chocolates.
He had to shift downwards and straddle Sherlock’s thighs as he worked on Sherlock’s lower back and eventually his buttocks. The movement enabled his crotch to make contact with backs of Sherlock’s thighs and it took all his willpower to resist the urge to thrust. Instead, he focused on Sherlock. The dancer had really been working too hard, even his small back was littered with tense spots. John lifted and shifted to get better leverage to work the biggest muscles while Sherlock just laid there, breathing heavier every minute.
John moaned and tugged the ropes binding him to the headboard. As Sherlock pushed two almost dry fingers into him, he realised he might enjoy it much more than he'd thought.
“Now you do,” Sherlock said simply, stepping back to pull the jumper off, pulling an envelope from his pocket at the same time. “And it’s not the only one…”
“So, if you’re feeling confident enough about biology, maybe you could come to my practice tomorrow?” Sherlock asked suddenly, looking straight ahead at the streets that flew by the window. John rested his head on his shoulder and hummed.
John had time to look around, and he chuckled at the Christmas decorations strewn all over New Scotland Yard. Greg had even stuffed a small plastic tree on the corner of his office, which John found funny for some reason.
“Christmas shopping!” Sherlock informed him, giving a familiar looking envelope to John. The card said exactly what Sherlock had said.
That earned John a groan from Sherlock, even though he seemed to be smiling against John’s neck. “God, don’t remind me. I think I might be sick.”
John stopped as he opened the door and saw the insides of the fridge. No sign of the chopped-up toes, or the suspicious petri dishes. Instead, the fridge smelled faintly of some sort of cleaning product, the shelves and drawers now squeaky clean and filled with fresh, actual groceries.
Sherlock granted him a small sideways grin. "They don't, but I do. I don't know who the killer is but I know what he is. No one remembers seeing a strange car, not even the old ladies at the latest venue and you know curious old ladies, they're like security cameras. The victims disappeared from busy streets, no one remembers anything strange – you see what I'm saying?"
Sherlock laughed and scratched the behind of the puppy’s ear and he could hear John’s chuckle, sounding relieved. Sherlock looked up at him, giving him a genuinely brilliant smile. “John, I…”
Their plan for this year was revealed a week after summer died. They would spend the winter break in Brighton with John's distant cousin and his family. John had his doubts, he wasn't very close to his relatives and besides, Harry would complain the whole time since her own stupid plans with her friends were cancelled.
At first, it was well past midday before he could even drink a cup of coffee and maybe eat a fruit, but nothing heavier. Lately he'd got better, but the pizza he was now eating really felt like his first proper meal in
“Yeah, what is it actually?” he inquired after a while. “It must have something to do with your deducting, right?”
“What’s all this?” John asked, glancing at Sherlock. “It’s oatmeal, you can add sugar or apple jam in it.” Sherlock said, giving John an envelope.
Giving up, Sherlock took the plate and started to poke at the chicken. John finished his plateful quickly and headed for the shower. "I'm going to shower now, and that plate had better to be empty when I get back."
"Mmm, in that case... This might help," Sherlock grinned, handing John today's envelope. John opened it and read the text aloud. "'Relaxing Thai massage'? You know Thai massage?"
“Mrs Hudson, Lestrade and Mycroft, although Mycroft will just drop Lestrade off and get his present. And then Molly and her fiancée and Mike,” Sherlock listed, shrugging. “It’s not very many people after all, I think.”
“Sherlock?” John was probably already antsy to get home. Damn, this was likely embarrassing, Sherlock needing to be escorted like a little child. Sucking in a breath, Sherlock yanked his now minutely trembling hand from John’s, trying to fight the irrational impulse to hug the short man.
In the end, Sherlock managed to escape the killer and call Lestrade, who then rushed to fish John out of the river before the boat sunk completely. John was soaked to the waist in the cold water by then, and Sherlock accepted Greg’s offer to take them home since no cabbie would want someone wetting the seats.
Friday morning, John left Sherlock sleeping on their bed and left for work, grinning as he realised how loose and relaxed he was feeling. He’d have to ask Sherlock to massage him again and maybe he could learn a few tricks so he could return the favour, it’d be only fair.
"Mm, merry Christmas, John." Sherlock squeezed John one-handedly and nuzzled his nose on the top of the blond head.
The dancer had now buried his face to the pillow which mostly muffled his gasps, but after a while John realised he had gotten so aroused, even without meaning to, that he really had to do something about it. He gave Sherlock’s hips one last squeeze and leaned back to sit up straight. Immediately, Sherlock got on one elbow and peered at John.
John left the sack alone, if Sherlock wanted to surprise him he didn’t want to ruin it. But he kept glancing at the bag, idly wondering what on earth it could contain.
Of course the stores were almost empty, as he had feared. He somehow managed to find a small frozen turkey and some just-add-water sauce, and he hopelessly added eggs and beans to the list. Some cinnamon just in case he might try gingerbreads again. Well, with Sherlock injured he would probably stay up all night anyway so he might as well make use of the time. He took extra care when walking back home.
"I shouldn't be here." He turned sharply, nearly running onto John, before he realised he'd said that out loud. John was looking at him with a furrowed brow.
Later, John would ask Sherlock how the brunet felt about his presence, why it didn’t make him more nervous. That was indeed weird, but at the same time it was nice to know that he was indeed able to share his dancing with John, he didn’t want to hide anything from the blond. He had gone for so long having to hide it from other people, only Mycroft knew and he didn’t care. And maybe John even understood his explanation since the blond gave him the tightest, happiest hug Sherlock had ever received.
In the end they all had a nice time, the conversation getting smoother after John got out the food and they all gathered around the kitchen table. Molly’s fiancée turned out to be a hilarious woman, and even Sherlock’s mouth turned up at her jokes.
Next morning, John found an envelope on Sherlock’s pillow again. He grinned and opened it, finding the card and a folded sheet of paper inside. Frowning, John flipped the card, and read it. ‘A list of all the things I love about you’ it said, and John felt his heart throb. He almost read the paper then and there, but then he realised he had work to go to, and he reluctantly put the card back in the envelope and took it with him.
Sherlock stayed awake, wondering and worrying and then scorning himself for worrying. It was probably – no, definitely – nothing, he had no reason to doubt John. “He’s just spending more time on his phone than usual, that was it,” he thought to himself before nodding off on the small hours of the night.
They spent that day trying to locate the killer before there’d be another murder and ended up staying overnight. John napped on the couch on Lestrade's office, and Sherlock apparently didn't need to sleep after just having slept the whole night.
"What's that then? Don't tell me you're going to stuff that to the fridge too?" John asked, eyeing the big bag a little suspiciously now. Sherlock just chuckled and shook his head.
Sherlock was extremely confused now, but got interrupted by the doctor again before he could even open his mouth properly. “Just - just see this, please don’t run.” Being too confused by what was happening, Sherlock just stood and watched with a frown as the blonde opened his jacket and started on his shirt buttons.
“If you insist on being to pedestrian about it, yes.” Sherlock flopped back down and ignored John in favour of leafing through the newspaper.
This one is weird as fuck and I actually ended up writing it into a fic, wink wink (A Study in Taste, if anyone got actually interested)
John almost thought he’d hit his head somewhere when he’d almost knocked over the tall brunette. He had taken one look at the man’s face and his old stupid instinct had kicked in. He hadn’t said hi to strangers in years, but somehow it was the only thing he could think of saying to this man. He did feel shallow and hypocritical for a second because had the man not been that gorgeous, John would have probably just turned away.
That was why he was surprised to hear Sherlock crying out a panicked "Red!" when he reached for his trousers.
He realised he had been just staring for a while. He snapped his eyes off the candle and the menu and took a quick glance at Sherlock who was looking almost confused.
“I’m sure that’s not the case, Miss,” John grinned, ushering Sherlock towards the dressing rooms. “Bye!”
He pulled out two pairs of figure skates: comfortable-looking, brown ones for John and sleek, black ones for himself. "I chose figure skates for you too since you haven't skated in ages so there's no particular type of skates you're used to now, and it'll be easier for me to teach you when we've got the same type of skates."
"But I do like the idea of giving you...something." With that, the detective awkwardly left his end of the sofa and stumbled to straddle John's legs. Then he bent down to place a heated kiss on John's lips.
“Yes, yes, not relevant right now.” Sherlock ushered John out of his bedroom and into the living room.
He heard John's awkward chuckle. Still, he didn't dare say anything, he didn't want to accidentally drive John away. It was disturbing how he was already so scared of losing this man.
John kept still, desperately trying to obey Sherlock’s orders, but every twitch of his hips resulted in a partly playful, partly disappointed glare. Finally, the taller man raised a hand to touch John’s bollocks and moaned around him, knowing that was all it would take to send the blond over the edge.
With that, he buried his face back into Sherlock's naked arse and continued to push his tongue into the warm hole.
They assembled the gingerbread house and decorated it with colourful chocolate drops and tiny marshmallows, sipping the wine and giggling. John ended up licking Sherlock's fingers clean from the icing while Sherlock's ears blushed from the tips from the wine.
"Oh no, no guests, no. Just us, if you want to. And I actually want to talk to you about the present thing, but not right now." John couldn't help grinning. "You could help me decorate the tree. Did you have nice time at the Yard?"
When John got home, all he could do was make tea and just sit on his bed and stare at the grey wall across the bedsit. This time though, it wasn't just a bored, dulled gaze. For the first time after Afghanistan John was feeling something of an excited anticipation at the thought of visiting Baker Street again.
“You weren’t even following the practice,” Sherlock complained, hanging up the costume and stuffing his slippers into his bag. “I was going to ask your opinion on the Nutcracker’s costume, but I can tell you didn’t even pay attention. I thought you wanted to see how the practices go.”
“Well, I do appreciate the gesture,” John grinned, sipping on the tea and then picking up one of the sandwiches. “Do you think you could make this an everyday habit?” he teased, biting into the bread.
They got going as soon as John was done, Sherlock giving an address to the cabbie that John didn’t recognise. The cab left them in front of a big, beautiful building, and Sherlock led them inside. The place had a huge front hall with a big, detailed staircase leading to the upper floors, and Sherlock seemed to know where to go as he led John to the second floor.
Sherlock would huff and turn a few times, but after a while he’d sigh and give John a small smile, wiggling his toes at him.
“Of course you’ll be there to see the reaction, I said,” Sherlock rolled his eyes, now giving up on the card and looking at John. “We’ll have a Christmas party this year. It was meant to be the surprise for Christmas Eve, although maybe it’s better that you got a heads up before that…”
"I need to put this in the fridge. It's too big to fit it in my containers, and I can't possibly cut it," Sherlock said, pointing to the bucket. "It's airtight, and I promise I'll deal with it in a few days, but for now..?"
Sherlock shrugged, sipping his own tea. “Christmas spirit, maybe,” he said, giving John a lopsided grin. They finished breakfast in a comfortable silence, and then John announced it was time to open the presents. Sherlock noticed right away that John was getting distracted, and soon he pulled out his phone again, seemingly sending a text before putting it away again.
They slowly made their way round the rink a few times, and at one point Sherlock turned around so that he was skating backwards in front of John, holding both of his hands now. John grinned at him and tried to pull himself closer to the man, nearly making them both fall. Sherlock gripped his waist and laughed, the two of them coming to a halt as he leaned in to kiss John.
John grinned, nodding at Sherlock. “Well, yeah that’s actually good to know before you get the flat full of people. So who’ll be coming?”
Sherlock raised his eyebrow, trying to figure out what sort of a present would need to be delivered so late. Had John forgotten to get him a gift? No, they’d been preparing for Christmas for weeks, he’s had plenty of time to remember it, hasn’t he? John was pulling out his phone again, looking at it. And then Sherlock opened his mouth, ready about to voice the concern from last few weeks, when the doorbell rang.
“I didn’t mean to get this excited,” he mumbled, feeling almost awkward now that Sherlock was just watching him.
“When you come by during the summer, I’ll show you around the garden. He just needs a bit of training and he’ll be just fine,” the lady told Sherlock when they were about to walk out of the front door. Sherlock just glanced at John and nodded before hugging her and then leading John towards the main street.
“I need to practice,” he stated before dashing off, leaving John out of breath and slightly blushed on the bed.
“So, why breakfast in bed?” John asked, looking at the tray rather hungrily. Sherlock chuckled and leaned into his shoulder, shrugging again. “It’s romantic, and since it’s the first Advent Sunday I thought it’d be appropriate,” he mumbled, picking up a slice of apple and eating it.
John nodded immediately, taking Sherlock’s hands and pulling him closer. “Absolutely. So..?” he prompted gently.
"Oh fuck, Sherlock. I'm not going to last, sorry baby," he babbled and squeezed his eyes shut. Sherlock reached to grip John's waist and swallowed the doctor down as far as he could, his nose brushing John pubic hair. He kept the doctor on the edge for almost a full minute, swallowing around him a few times and breathing through his nose carefully.
"Then let me bloody sleep, it's only seven am," John groaned, rolling over and trying to pull the pillow from Sherlock’s grip. "And give me my pillow."
John did as he was told, and after tapping at his own phone, Sherlock reached to touch his phone with John’s. “Now you have my number, I realised I didn’t have yours after I left yesterday.”
However, he had a clue of what he himself would be saying, and that was both a blessing and a curse. It hadn't been hard to adapt that to his repertoire, but over ten years of fruitless search left him feeling empty. Eventually he decided he didn't want to bother being disappointed every time. He would be wrong anyway.
made John's skin positively itch, and not in a bad way. But after meeting the first person there – a woman called Donovan – and hearing the brunette's response made John realise there was much more to Sherlock than he'd seen yet.
Next morning John woke up alone again, with only an envelope on Sherlock’s pillow. ‘Christmas tree decorating’ said the card, and John dressed up with a big grin on his face, finding Sherlock in the kitchen, working on some experiment.
Much, much later as they settled down for the night, John yawned and went to get his soft woolly socks from the drawer. Opening it, he froze and stared at the pile of socks. "How..."
"We didn't even get a tree." Sherlock lowered his gaze to the cookies again. John put the plate to the coffee table next to their tea cups. "Did you want one? I don't mind, though a few fairy lights or something would've been nice."
John woke up with a stiff neck and a raging erection. And with Sherlock sleeping on top of him. He froze as he felt Sherlock's stomach right over his crotch. That was really too much right now, and John decided he needed to get up and away.
“Okay, face here. Feet together and shoulders back, and just rest your right hand lightly on the barre, like this,” Sherlock said, demonstrating the position. “Your feet are now on the sixth position.”
"You just said you remember nothing about trains. I didn't know you ever knew about them." The brunette looked around. John felt a funny trickle down his spine. Does he speak aloud a lot like that?
They celebrated their victory with a meal in the closest restaurant, and then continued John’s plans as normal. Their next stop was a stable near the edge of the city, something that Sherlock seemed to need an actual explanation for.
Sherlock watched him, his expression probably just as stunned as he felt it was. Then, as he started to understand what was happening, he made the decision. Turning to the dog again, he crouched and opened his arms a little. The woman who’d been escorting the dog loosened the leash enough for the puppy to practically jump into Sherlock’s arms, licking his face enthusiastically.
John nodded. He had to admit that when he thought about things that Sherlock liked to do, the first thing that came to his mind was the cases. But looking at the bowl of oatmeal, John realised he might just learn something new about his husband. So, he smiled at Sherlock and then ate his oatmeal with apple jam.
He took his place at the barre and got ready, starting his routine. He could feel the novel feeling of the silky fabric, the way it clung to his chest and hips as he lifted his arm to the third position.
The last few practices practically flew by, everyone knowing their places and routines by then, and John started to enjoy watching the almost finished production. He had agreed to help with the setup on the actual show dates too, meaning he could be present there from the start to the finish, and Sherlock was practically beaming when he wasn’t a nervous mess.
And so they ended up walking a dog around London. Well, they didn’t go very far, just to the nearest park where the dog – called Cleo, John found out – could stare at joggers running by and play in the frosty wilted grass. Sherlock seemed to radiate happiness even if he kept his calm façade on, and John grinned widely as he stood next to him, the fingers of their joined hands laced together.
"You know, I do take safety seriously sometimes," Sherlock chuckled, standing up and pulling a pair of mittens on. John got up too, and then they headed to the rink.
“Oatmeal with apple jam was always my favourite breakfast choice when I was a kid,” Sherlock mumbled, shifting on his feet rather nervously. “I thought that we’d do things that I like today. Not just the work or cases, but other things as well. Of course you’ll get a day too, I’ll need you to make a list of what you’d like us to do and I’ll make it happen.”
They got to meet one of the horses, cleaning her up and then equipping her so that Sherlock and John could try riding. John was a little rusty, but he quickly caught on but Sherlock had more trouble. For some reason, he just couldn’t get the horse to listen to him, no matter how good he’d been with the dogs.
Indeed, when they got back, Sherlock immediately dragged the suitcase to the centre of the room and started to rummage his way through it. John stood there, bag on his shoulder, feeling somewhat useless. As if on cue, Sherlock lifted his head.
“That’s quite… Um, really fucking sexy,” John said calmly, standing up and stepping closer to get a better look. He ran a finger over the waistband before cupping Sherlock’s half hard prick briefly, which earned him a moan from the brunet.
That wasn't the reaction Sherlock had been expecting, John didn't sound as disturbed as Sherlock had expected. The brunette looked at John quickly from the corner of his eye. He was smiling at Mrs. Hudson, but he did cast a small look at Sherlock's direction when he noticed him watching. So, he wasn't entirely comfortable either.
That woke him up completely and he rose up to his knees and elbows frantically, moving his groin away Sherlock's stomach. He was just contemplating getting off completely, going to loo or making tea, when a hand wrapped around his hip and pulled him back down.
It was the fifth and by far the worst OD of Sherlock's life. It got even worse right when he found out that his brother had found his soulmate when he'd tried to squeeze whatever information he had thought Lestrade possessed about Sherlock's private life out of the DI. They seemed to immediately connect – something Sherlock always thought was a cliché out of a fairy tale – and watching their happiness made him feel sick in a way he didn't want to even begin to think about, and never before had he been closer to finally slice the “hi” in half. Seeing his brother smile that genuine smile at Lestrade that had never been aimed at him made Sherlock’s stomach turn.
And John did see it when he came back. A dark blue jumper that had rows of different Christmas-themed patterns like reindeer, Christmas stockings and gifts wrapped in a bow. The jumper was a little lumpy in a way that screamed ‘hand-made’ and John looked at Sherlock, who was holding the garment up. “Who did you get to make this? It’s not hideous at all.”
When they’d both had their fill of the delicious food, moved to the sofa to finish the bottle of wine and snog some more. Sherlock got a little giggly when tipsy and John spent a good while just tickling the brunet’s neck with his lips, making Sherlock giggle and shiver.
With the gifts done, they turned their attention to the cards. John had no artistic blood in him, but with Sherlock’s aspiration for perfectionism, they managed to make the cards look rather beautiful. John handled the glue and taping while Sherlock cut, folded and tore materials into shapes and sizes he needed, giving John strict instructions on how to glue and tape everything into a well-balanced, aesthetically pleasing ensemble.
“Mom tried to get Harry interested in horses, so she could have something to do instead of partying and hanging out every night. It didn’t really catch her interest, but I ended up liking it. I went to the closest stable a few times a week for almost two years before I had to stop when I had no money after starting at uni.”
To his surprise, he spotted Molly on one Friday as he was waiting for Sherlock, waving at her. They chatted for a bit and Molly hoped Sherlock would start attending the group lessons soon, since she had been eager to meet John’s boyfriend for ages, ever since John started talking about him all the time.
When he woke up, John managed to get him to stay on the sofa and watch Doctor Who. Otherwise the dancer might have paced around the whole day, tiring out his feet and both of their nerves, which wasn’t a good idea. At least now part of Sherlock’s focus was on the show, no matter how much he claimed he didn’t care about such things.
In the evening, they went out for pints with John’s old army mates and they had a good time. John was surprised at the amount of effort Sherlock was putting into it all, making small talk and even toasting with all the guys every time they got new rounds.
“I had arranged the food days ago, I only needed to send a text when Lestrade fetched you from the boat,” Sherlock said, shrugging nonchalantly. “You can’t say my timing isn’t right on spot this time,” he added teasingly.
"I want to." With that, Sherlock leaned in to suck his tongue. He actually went as far as to pin John's hands next to the doctor's head. When Sherlock lowered his mouth to John's collarbone and sucked again, John couldn't help moaning. He twisted his hands so that their fingers were entwined, which sparked Sherlock on.
When they were done, they quickly changed back into their usual clothes and headed to the next destination, which turned out to be the home of an Irish Setter breeder. The owner of the dogs greeted Sherlock like he knew him, which didn’t surprise John. The doctor watched in surprise though as Sherlock petted and played with the dogs, a huge smile on his face.
John lifted his eyes from the laptop screen, his eyes a little misty. “You sound like a sodden, mushy genius in love,” he managed to say, taking Sherlock’s hand in his and squeezing it. Then he added, with a big grin: “Now publish it quickly before you change your mind.”
"As I said yesterday, a string of lovers, she'd never leave her phone at home!" Sherlock stood up again and dumped the case on the floor, starting his pacing again. John was taken aback. "So you mean... The murderer? The murderer has the phone?" He was definitely feeling slow but then again things were getting a bit weird.
The blond realised he was grinning like an idiot, but he didn’t want to stop. He grinned all through his shift, in the Tube and on the short walk to 221B. There, after climbing the stairs and smelling something delicious, John grinned even wider.
“You were holding your phone when you stood up and laid it on the table, screen facing down. That was probably just coincidence, you surely have nothing to hide. But it gave me a chance to see the engraving: ‘
But feeling the man’s hand tremble slightly when they touched grounded John immediately. He seemed nervous and despite never having seen him before, John somehow knew it wasn't usual to this person to be like that. John could almost feel the man's hand shaking, and the euphoria he'd felt since they shared their words started to fade rapidly. He had no idea what to do, or if the brunette wanted anything to do with him at all.
There were three murders the Yarders had suspected to be connected, but Sherlock corrected that one of them was a suicide, but the two others were indeed connected.
“I came to when we got here, he told me how he committed those murders. Why did you let me fall asleep?” He turned to John, ”I was supposed to be investigating this now, not sleep. I don’t usually fall asleep, it must’ve been something I’m not used to.”
After a short moment of internal struggle, John fetched the cane from under his bed. This whole thing made him feel a tad unsteady and having the cane with him was sometimes assuring, however much he hated the damn thing.
The detective sipped, for once agreeing to eating something, and took a second to taste the flavour. "Another red wine, French. Some kind of blend, mostly Merlot."
The brunet was getting emotional like he often did when he was too tired, and John reached to pull down an afghan with his right hand. He settled it on top of them, set an alarm on his phone – he would still have to get the turkey ready later – and continued to rub Sherlock’s head and neck. Soon they were both nodding off.
"Where is it? I won't use the police car; I'll be right behind." Sherlock tried to suppress his excitement.
John shook his head, smiling at Sherlock. “Um, no… I think I can appreciate it a bit more now that I know how difficult it actually is.”
"Oh, um... I'll deal with that later," John chuckled, shaking his head and blushing a little. He drank the water quickly and then laid down on his back, trying to will his boner to go away before things got uncomfortable. It worked for a while, until Sherlock put his hands on John again.
John pulled out the usual card, flipping it over. It said 'romantic outdoors ice skating' and there were two tickets taped to the card. "Romantic?" John grinned, taking the tickets and storing the card and the envelope in his coat pocket.
Sherlock gave a somehow desperate hum. “I know, you’ve said. I want to, I do, it’s just -” He took a breath and reached for John, looking nervous. “Would you walk me there?”
"How did today go?" John lowered his book. Sherlock took a quick look at him and lowered his head. "Fine."
“I know I promised you could watch this one, but could you be so kind to give a rose to each of the lead roles before the final bow?”
Christmas Day started with Sherlock shaking John awake and poking him on the nose with the corner of an envelope.
"Oh, that was really nice, I wouldn't mind doing it again to be honest," John nodded with a big grin. Sherlock gave him a happy nod and then disappeared into the bedroom. John did as he was told, drinking his coffee and then heading to the bathroom.
He heard a faint groan, but then Sherlock appeared from the direction of the living room. "John please, doing the laundry is not that important. It could wait another day. Besides I can think of much better things to do," he complained, wrapping his arms around John's waist. "None of that now, I've run out clean pants," John said sternly, wiggling out of Sherlock's grasp.
When they finally got into the house, the DI he met next seemed to almost like Sherlock, and Sherlock apparently didn't hate him. Lestrade did cast a suspicious look on John's way, but didn't argue Sherlock when he insisted to let John come too. After Sherlock got to work, John couldn't take his eyes off the man. The speed of his thoughts and deductions made John almost dizzy and he couldn't help the praises. But Sherlock said it was fine, and John almost wanted to laugh at the surprised look on the detective's face when he said it. Maybe he could explore that later.
The day before the show’s premiere, Sherlock seemed to be stressed to the point of exhaustion. He seemed to think he was the worst dancer ever, even though he didn’t really say anything. But John could read the way Sherlock sulked on the corner of the sofa, after John had fed him apple slices and yoghurt for breakfast, and managed to pull the dancer to his lap, stroking his back slowly.
Sherlock nodded and swallowed again. He took one glance at John’s crotch before he grinned and swiftly got to his knees in front of John. He licked his lips and reached for the doctor's belt.
“I had a dog, called Redbeard, when I was younger,” he explained when he’d greeted each of the dogs. “He had to be put down when I was about ten.”
When the break ended and they got back to London, John dug up every book about trains he could find and practically ate them. If his parents thought he was cured, they were very wrong. True, he wasn't the passive, miserable sack lying on the bed he used to be, but he was still feeling dead.
As he carried the lollipops, plywood furniture and fabrics to the stage before the practice started, he could see Sherlock goggling at him just like he would goggle at Sherlock during the practice, so he just grinned and lifted his current load a bit higher.
His thoughts were interrupted when the candies burst through the curtain, whispering and tossing ballet slippers off their feet. Sherlock was apparently a bit sulky since his last part had ended and there were still a few scenes to come. But at least he could come to where John was listening to the music and following the proceedings. The dancer just walked up to him and hugged him, sighing deeply and relaxing when John wrapped his arms around him in return.
"I just hope you'd woken me up and asked me. But," Sherlock actually raised his head almost defiantly, "I think I am ready."
Now he went on like nothing could hurt him anymore. He was able to look at Lestrade and not think about how his brother had just known the man’s Words. It seemed that his brother was finally ready to leave him to his own peace and stop worrying about him and if he was being honest, he almost fooled himself too.
Sherlock nodded and gave John a small smile before grabbing the bucket and dumping it in the fridge. Then he came back and dragged the sack onto the middle of the floor and crouched in front of it.
I'm late, I know! Yesterday was a mess and this is a really short chapter (but even more fluffy I hope). But you'll be getting the next one on time tomorrow, don't worry :)
After a while John went back to laying on top of Sherlock, listening to his heartbeat as they both caught the last of their breaths.
Mrs Hudson chuckled, and John could picture her satisfied grin. “Oh, it’s just something we do every year…  Anyways, Sherlock didn’t really say anything about it, just kind of… escaped? That’s a bit odd of him, he didn’t even say bye, which he always does. So I wanted to make sure he’s alright.”
John checked out the tree and then spent a while on his computer, clearing his inbox. Sherlock kept fetching new experiment containers from the fridge, clearly not done anytime soon, so John decided to take a walk and then chat with Mrs Hudson for a bit. He ate at Speedy’s with her and when John finally returned to 221b, Sherlock seemed to be done with the experiment project, waiting for John on the sofa.
The doctor just watched him blinking for a while, smiling softly. Then he broke the silence Sherlock had inadvertently created in his moment of stupidity.
When he came down from his orgasm, John reached a hand towards Sherlock and tugged him closer, seeing him palm the bulge tenting his trousers. "Fuck let me, love," he groaned, opening Sherlock's pants and plunging his hands inside, cupping and fondling his length until the detective came too, moaning John's name through gritted teeth and leaning over John as he curled up a little.
They spent the whole evening doing Christmas preparations. They argued playfully over Christmas foods, and Sherlock got entangled while uncoiling the blue Christmas lights. Finally, they were ready and decided to open a bottle of red wine just to celebrate.
“You know, there are two more mistletoe decorations in the box,” Sherlock mumbled, grinning at the ceiling.
! Oh, but should he? Would Sherlock want to date him? It wasn't really obligatory to date one's soulmate.
“You really think you don’t know those things already?” Sherlock whined at one point, when he started to get bored. “I’m hungry, I thought you intended to ‘feed me up’ like you said when we first met.”
John grinned even wider and did as Sherlock told, settling down comfortably and relaxing. After a few seconds, Sherlock seemed to tear his eyes away from John's bum and finally get the CD in the player and a relaxing, quiet music filled the room.
Sunday morning, John didn’t let Sherlock get out of bed for hours, cuddling him and kissing all over his face while mumbling sweet nothings.
"You might as well eat, this could take a while." Sherlock wasn't exactly looking at him but, while peering out of the window behind John's back, his eyes swept over John quickly. John tried to open his mouth, but Sherlock seemed to know exactly what John was thinking again before even John himself did.
There were actually quite many things to talk about. John wasn’t sure what Sherlock was thinking about this whole thing, about their status as soulmates. He clearly wasn’t used to people, at least that was the impression he gave last night at Angelo’s. John still cringed at his awkward attempt at conversation at the restaurant. He was usually better with stuff like that, both on a date or with friends.
"You got it? These words: 'What happened at Lauriston Gardens? I must have blacked out. 22 Northumberland Street."
“Sure we can, I just don’t know how nice it’ll be. Especially if Mycroft decides to stay longer. Lestrade’s bringing his social side out and it’s unbelievably tedious.”
'. It is a fairly new model, an expensive one too, so it would be a gift from your wife, not a girlfriend. But clearly you’re not married, nor have you been recently. And the phone’s quite scratched, like it’s been kept in the same pocket as keys and such. You probably wouldn’t treat an expensive phone like that, so a previous owner then. I’m fairly sure they aren’t doing very well, since he’s giving the phone away already.”
'Gift wrapping with cookies and hot cocoa' said the card, and John grinned as he moved from his chair to the floor.
Sherlock and John took a look at each other. The kitchen table was out of the question – it always was – and maybe they could’ve eaten at the coffee table like usual, but with Mrs. Hudson… Sherlock stood up to grab John’s laptop from the desk while John started to pile up the notes scattered all over the surface.
But someone who had actually studied and taught ballet and knew about arts… He could ruin this in so many ways. So, he spent all his free time dancing and stretching as much as he could. Even before going to sleep he would practice his balance, watching his face in the bathroom mirror.
“Uh, why not? You clearly like weird-looking Christmas jumpers, and your favourite one is getting rather worn out.”
Molly and her partner – apparently called Ann – arrived first, and John got them both a glass of wine before Lestrade and Mycroft arrived, and Mike followed just after them. When all of them got a glass, John finally took a seat on the sofa and smiled at the sight. Sherlock just nodded at all their guests and joined John, sitting right next to him. “I’m already bored, why did I think this was a good idea?” he muttered to John’s ear. John chuckled and rolled his eyes. “Just finish your wine and get some more, it’ll take the most tedious edge off this.”
"Only if you want to, I'm okay." John was suddenly very aware of what just had happened. "I'm happy if you want to just sleep right now, you were amazing."
The table was set for two, with dark red plates, shiny cutlery and crystal wine glasses with a snowflake-like pattern. John stared at the setting until he noticed the envelope, picking it up and opening it.
“I know that,” John said fondly, leaning into Sherlock’s hug a little. “But the real question seems to be how did
“Oh, he’s fine. And I’m sure he was just surprised, you know how he is… I’m sure he’s not going to pass this opportunity.”
Sherlock just chuckled and nodded, his head resting against John’s. “Yeah, I do. And I love you, too.”
“Most people probably didn’t realise it was a problem. You know, they probably just think it was all perfect and great, like I do.”
"Oh, Sherlock. I know things have been quiet but we've been busy, you’ve been busy and I understand. Last year was last year, we’re here now and though we’ve been a bit distant lately and you’ve got a bloody cast on your arm, I wouldn’t want to be anywhere else right now. Not even back to last year. Every Christmas is the best Christmas with you.”
John began with the brunet’s shoulders, at first gentle but after a while he started to add pressure and found that Sherlock’s whole upper back was filled with tender spots. Every now and then Sherlock let out a gasp as John found a new spot.
They finished the dough – Sherlock did take a few tastings – and John mixed the seasoning for the turkey while Sherlock made them some tea. They went back to the sofa, both nursing a cuppa. John checked the time from his phone and giggled.
That did it for John, and it turned out that Sherlock didn't need much guiding after all. Afterwards, they cleaned up and cuddled on the bed, listening as the night killed the noises of the traffic outside.
"Back to work!" Lestrade shouted tiredly, and John was certain this wasn't the first time the brunette ran off like this.
“I will. Bye,” John said, ending the call and returning to the bedroom, where Sherlock was no sitting up and looking at him with a questioning look on his face. "Mrs. Hudson called. She wanted to make sure you were alright,” John explained, crawling back to bed and pulling the covers up.
Sherlock glanced at him quickly and then lifted up a little before sinking down again, moaning John’s name.
"Are you sure? Does you arm hurt?" John was quickly getting aroused, but he couldn't forget how loudly the bone had snapped just a few days ago.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, spotting the tag hanging from the puppy’s collar. ‘Iris’, it said. “It’s a yes.”
Sherlock hugged John tight and then asked him to help look for a set of lights from last year (“We have to have at least that”). They found one and hanged it on the mantelpiece, John trying to manage it while Sherlock tried to snog him to the floor. The room was dimly lit with the colourful glow, and Sherlock was smiling again. They returned to the couch and Sherlock let John feed him the tiny hearts and tea until they fell asleep on the sofa again.
John paused, clearly getting a little nervous. “It… It might be better if you came too,” he said, offering to take Sherlock’s hand. “It’s… Something a little risky. The gift I mean. Well, not risky, just… It’ll be a commitment, I don’t know if-“
Realising he was staring at his paperwork like a love-sodden idiot, John chuckled to himself and continued filing the last papers, quite ready to get home.
Sherlock had made him watch a few versions of the Nutcracker as preparation, so he knew the plot at least roughly. He could imagine Sherlock as the Nutcracker, running around the stage and dancing with Clara (although imagining that part made him feel a tiny bit jealous as he watched the current Clara and Nutcracker twirl and jump through the stage).
A big number 8 greeted John on one side of the card, and the words ‘clean kitchen table’ on the other. “Oh, so you actually were planning on cleaning the table too,” John chuckled, looking at Sherlock with a big smile before continuing with a more serious tone: “Thank you, I really appreciate it.”
Sherlock ran his hand across John's chest, appreciating the view. He hadn't been confident enough to take things very much farther than this, but John seemed to enjoy it all regardless.
“Wait, what are you wearing? Is this one of my jumpers?” he asked, pulling back to look at the garment. It was rather short for Sherlock.
"You're combining fun and work quite efficiently, you know?" He teased as Sherlock carried a tray filled with two huge cups of cocoa and plateful of the leftover cookies from before. The hedgehog cookies were there too, and John snickered a bit.
Mrs. Hudson was just as nice as she had been the previous day and that made John feel somewhat calmer. At least someone was looking forward of seeing John. She was almost too excited and fussed with him all the way to 221B, since she wasn't entirely sure Sherlock was still in after coming home in the middle of the night.
After what must've been at least ten minutes, Sherlock stopped his movement at John's lower stomach, instead of moving down his hips and to his thighs, the brunet abruptly wrapped his fingers around John's length, catching him off guard.
, and John couldn’t have been happier. Of course, there was schoolwork to do, but they muddled through together, quite focused on the ballet for now. John swore he’d catch up when the three shows were dealt with, but for now he wasn’t even in the mood to revise chemistry or maths or psychology.
, he had to add. Even after the events at Lauriston Gardens today the doctor felt a pull towards the brunette man. John almost didn't care that he'd been forgotten and abandoned in under two hours after they first met - dear God, had it really been under two hours?
"Turnip. Honestly John, I said I'd recognise any food. Even your wine choices were obvious." John could see the eyeroll underneath the blindfold and chuckled. Then he took the final spoon, feeling a shiver of anticipation go down his spine.
John of course noticed how worked up Sherlock was, and somehow he felt almost guilty about it. He had had to practically demand Sherlock to sleep at least six hours every night instead of trying to practice in the dark of night. He definitely didn’t mind watching Sherlock stretch in the living room instead of doing his schoolwork, not with his leggings on, but he wasn’t going to give up sleeping because of that and neither was Sherlock as far as John was concerned. Maybe he was already more like a doctor than he had thought.
Sherlock let out a sigh that John could only describe as compassionately tolerant. "There's no phone. No phone in the case, no phone on the body. Where could it be? Think, John!"
Sherlock was standing on the far end of it, smiling and setting up a CD player. "Well, it's up to you, but it'd be easier if you'd be fully nude," he said, trying to sound nonchalant even when John could see the blush on his cheeks and tiny shift of his hips.
“I’m fine, if there’s something from both you and Mrs. Hudson I’m going to have to eat something, so I’ll just save my appetite to that.” John shook his head and went to make himself some breakfast. He should’ve remembered to buy something for that purpose because toast with fried egg was getting very boring.
John lifted his hand and brought it down harshly, the slap resonating in the empty room along with Sherlock's whimper. John rubbed the already red flesh before squeezing. "Count them," he said, pinching Sherlock lightly.
When he got back to the living room, Sherlock was awake and sitting on his chair. The detective took one look at John and his face fell just the tiniest bit.
He continued to shout "Cretino, out you drunk. And don't come back!" even when Sherlock stumbled on his feet on the other side of the street.
Sherlock gave him a long-suffering look. “It wouldn’t be listed as a surprise if I didn’t put any effort into it. So I’ll try to be as positive and helpful as I can,” he mumbled, rolling his eyes. “Unless your gift ideas are utterly idiotic, but I’m sure that won’t happen. You’re the expert on socialising after all.”
"Like moving here, I can see that." Sherlock cut in with a small smile, seemingly done with John's stumbling. "The fact that you already packed says enough about that, I'll get Mrs. Hudson to dust the upstairs bedroom for you."
. But the way Sherlock then lowered his eyes to his own hands on his lap made John see through the joke. However amazing Sherlock was in John’s opinion, he could easily picture why people would be put off. The man could clearly know all kinds of things about people and he didn’t hold back his facts, John could tell. Even now he’d only needed to ask and the man was ranting on about John’s life.
Am I catching up?? Nope?? But at least my Christmas mood is back so expect me to get stuff done soon!
"Oh, right. D'you have a boyfriend then? Which is fine by the way." No, why couldn't he shut up? Damn Angelo and his candles and dates, they started this whole thing.
When they reached the building, which contained one gym and another studio, Sherlock couldn’t understand why he didn’t want to let go of John. The blond probably had studying to do, definitely something more worth his time than watch Sherlock stumble nervously. And shouldn’t extra audience make him even more anxious?
"I still love every bit of you, whatever happens, even if we never kissed again. I've probably said that before, but it's still true. I just want you to never be insecure about us ever again. I'm not going to leave you. You understand that?"
He ignored the urge to comment on the ‘hot as hell’ aspect of the tight piece of clothing, only letting his gaze wander over the garment appreciatively. Sherlock nodded and blushed, sitting down next to John and leaning into him.
"Jo-ohn!" Sherlock moaned brokenly. He was laying on the desk, his lower back hanging on the air, only holding up by sqeezing his legs around John's waist.
"You could've just said you were horny," Sherlock gasps as John shows him the lube he's been apparently hiding and soon starts to work him open with slick fingers.
Today, Sherlock emerged from their bedroom as John was about to leave for work and actually pulled John under the mistletoe so he could kiss him.
The doctor ran his hand through his hair once more and decided he’d make breakfast. He’d already eaten some but Sherlock hadn’t eaten last night – or probably not at all yesterday – and he had been drugged. Putting the kettle on, John thought about Sherlock’s words. The man admitted he had used drugs before. That would be something he felt like they needed to talk about.
He ran his fingers around one nipple very lightly, tickling John. The blond shivered and bent down to kiss him again while his hands went to Sherlock's hips, caressing the iliac crests and his lower stomach, asking for permission.
And that was the thing with his angel. He was the sweetest, purest being, loving and enjoying all of God's creations. But deep down he was a straight-up bitch, taking no shit from anyone. And then, even deeper down, he was a total hedonist, knowing what he liked and taking it all when he could get it. And luckily Crowley was capable and more than willing to accommodate as he took the glans in his mouth and sucked, sending Aziraphale's hips twitching up.
There were long hallways with polished, shiny parquet and the floors were painted with a creamy natural white colour that seemed extremely posh to John. Sherlock led them to the end of one hallway and opened the door for John without saying a word.
Sherlock smiled, finishing his own cupcake and then thanking the lady, promising to come by again soon. “Yes, this was excellent, the honey’s really good,” John said too, smiling.
Eventually John had to use the loo and Sherlock got up as well. Both brushed their teeth and then kissed some more before going to the kitchen for breakfast.
“Um, Sherlock?” John started. The brunet gave a noncommittal hum, apparently not entirely noticing John’s nerves. “Yeah, uh. I was thinking. About your dancing...”
“You alright?” John groaned, resting his hands on Sherlock’s hips as he fought to keep his hips from bucking up. Sherlock moaned again and nodded frantically. “Uh, yes… Yes. You?”
Sherlock amicably helped him look, going through all the shirts and socks one at a time. But, no sign of the other blue sock. "Damn it," John sighed, leaving the blue sock on top of the drawer and scrunching up his nose. "Bloody sock-hiding washing machine," he muttered, stomping to the bathroom to hang up the last batch of laundry.
Past caring, Sherlock was just about to turn and continue his venture towards the door when the man finally managed to speak.
"It's December first." Sherlock announced, as if that date should hold any meaning to John, who just grumbled. "And I'm tired, let me sleep."
They cleaned up and cuddled close to each other under the covers, sharing kisses until Sherlock got up to get them some late-night snacks. They ate, talked about the ballet a little, left crumbs on the bed and eventually fell asleep mid-conversation.
“Just wanted to try one, finally,” Sherlock shrugged and peered at John’s textbook and the messy notes taped to it.
And once Mrs Hudson decided to add the stage props to the rehearsals, the stage suddenly got quite crowded. John agreed to help with moving them around, so it wouldn’t seem as weird that he was hanging there during all the practices (he had gotten a few looks).
They ate the sandwiches in comfortable silence, and then Sherlock insisted on feeding the apple slices to John, dipping them in honey and yoghurt. John giggled but ate most of them and then made Sherlock finish the last few. Then they just leaned into each other and finished their cups of tea.
“How did you manage all this?” John asked when they pulled apart, walking to the table and sitting down slowly. “My bath only took fifteen minutes, maximum.”
Sherlock laid his head on his arms, still watching John. “You are allowed, you know.” John just tilted his head.
John turned to look at him, grinning widely. “This is actually a very good surprise, thank you. You could consider doing this more often than just once every year though,” he teased, kissing Sherlock’s cheek.
"But she turned herself in! She must've know the sister would call the police!" Sherlock had of course been right about everything as usual, but John could see the detective was disappointed there hadn't been a chase or anything.
“Um, I – it’s not really a gift. Well, yeah it is, or I meant it to be…” he bit his lip again, shifting a bit and picking at the bow of the robe string. “And well, you got me something, so this should be a present then…”
It was practically over after that. John gasped loudly and bucked up to Sherlock's hand as the detective took hold of John. The visual was too much for Sherlock and he came, arching up to John's hand now gently gripping him. It only took a few uncoordinated jerks of Sherlock's hand and John followed him with a moan.
Sherlock took a moment to just breathe on the doctor’s cock, listening to the groans John didn’t even try to stop. John looked down at Sherlock, who grinned up at him and licked at the downside of his cock.
Sherlock led them to the front door, knocking on it. An old lady opened the door after a moment, greeting Sherlock and inviting them in. John could immediately see that she was a bee-keeper; there was a bee-keeper’s hat hanging on the wall next to copious amounts of drawings of bees and flowers. The lacy curtains had small bees on them, and when they stepped further inside, John saw a table full of different leaflets and booklets about bees and bee-keeping.
The bathroom was dark except for the candles on the edges of the sink and corner of the bathtub. There were a few bags that John supposed contained herbs, and a few oranges with cloves, making the room smell nice and Christmassy. The bath was filled with water and slightly orange bubbles.
Years flew by and John found himself first in med school, then graduating and packing his pack for the army. Now he sometimes thought winters were easier, maybe it was just him growing up.
Sherlock nearly came already when John pressed the heel of his hand to Sherlock's crotch, moaning against the blond's mouth. John's other hand found its way underneath Sherlock's shirt, just laying on his stomach.
“Yes, um… here,” Sherlock mumbled, giving John his laptop. John saw that there was a new entry to Sherlock’s website, titled simply ‘John Watson’.
“Sherlock, you don’t need to do anything you’re not comfortable with. The antlers are cute, and I quite like seeing you in just a robe so d–“
Finally, the last waltz came on, and John was almost impatient for it to end so he could climb up there and hand the flowers.
The next stop was at the outer parts of the city, quite far from the busiest traffic and tall buildings. When they got out of the cab, John looked around in confusion. It was a small property with an even smaller cottage, which meant there was space for a huge garden and John could imagine it would look quite nice at summer.
Luckily, he got a grip on himself during lunch break and managed to avoid embarrassing himself. God, he felt like he was fifteen years old all over again, which wasn’t a bad thing by itself. It was actually brilliant how Sherlock kept surprising him all the time, even though they took things very slowly. There was always some way Sherlock could surprise him without going forwards too quickly and he would find it each time, and that always made John love him even more.
John watched as Sherlock plopped down on the sofa and wondered. He wasn’t sure if he had really thought he could manage to shoot someone without anyone noticing, but Sherlock clearly wasn’t going to make a scene. The brunet was really too calm about it, but then again so was John. He glanced at his hand again. Perfectly steady. He hadn’t really noticed going running after the cab or forgetting his cane. It had just happened, and now he’d slept fine and still continued to pace the flat without the slightest sign of pain this morning.
John swallowed the question he'd been forming - seeing as Sherlock had just answered it - and tried to come up with another. "So, you're waiting for the murderer to show up?" Well that wasn't precisely what he'd wanted to say, but John was glad it made him sound at least marginally smart and not entirely confused, which he really was.
John cut him off with a kiss, one elbow braced on the bed as he rested his other hand on the nape of Sherlock’s neck. “You’re an old romantic,” he chuckled, pressing their foreheads together. “You actually made and didn’t just buy one?”
"So you don't have a girlfriend?" Suddenly they both were frozen in the sudden, really awkward and honestly invasive question John had not really meant to ask. John could only thank his lucky stars that Sherlock opened his mouth instead of just standing up and leaving.
‘God, I only met him two days ago,’ John realised. It already felt like he’d been living here for weeks at least. The room felt familiar, the flat felt familiar and even though the doctor in him had been appalled by the state of the kitchen only minutes ago, he’d already gotten used to it.
After cleaning a good portion of his plate, John felt he was focused enough to have a bit of conversation. "So, what do you do when you're not... working?"
“Oh, we definitely will,” John chuckled, pausing outside the door to kiss him. “You’ll be brilliant, just like you were today,” he said, kissing him softly. Sherlock kissed back, pushing John against the wall lightly as people passed them by.
Sherlock had practically trembled with nerves when he’d entered the ballet store, something he so rarely did. He scolded himself a dozen times for it as he stuttered his question to the girl behind the counter.
Sherlock nodded, smiling gratefully and getting up too. “I’ll just check the dirt experiment things before you mess them up,” he mumbled, smirking at John and rushing to the kitchen, moving the tray with petri dishes on it from the kitchen counter to the dining table.
“It’s Moroccan, I know you like the flavours and spices and one chef owed me a favour,” Sherlock explained, opening a bottle of wine while John filled his plate with the food, still stunned silent.
He wondered if Sherlock was interested in either. He had said he was “married to his work”, but maybe they just needed to get to know each other. He’d asked John to move in with him the day they met, after all. John was quite sure he would be up for nearly anything Sherlock would want.
Of course Sherlock had other ideas, and the detective slid his hand underneath John's t-shirt to feel his stomach. John turned his head to receive a slow but deep kiss. After a while John had to pull away. Sherlock was watching him with his eyes dark and pupils blown wide.
John put the slippers on, feeling utterly ridiculous, and then walked closer to the wall, looking at Sherlock expectantly.
Eventually he had had enough. His brother seemed to be above such trivial things, always talking about goldfish and eventually the attitude caught on. It took him 5 months of complete isolation, hours of meditating every day and several overdoses, but finally he could go out and be above it all. He had always known he was smart but now that he had a technique for organising and controlling his thoughts and memories, and it wasn’t long before he found his place. Solving crimes and mysteries was just what he needed, the excitement enough to finally get him to break his "drug habit", as Mycroft called it. He found a DI who would take him seriously and allow him to crime scenes instead of only giving him cold case files, and everything was fine.
Just then the man Sherlock had introduced as Angelo turned up again with a small candle. Angelo turned to Sherlock, completely missing John's sceptic glare at the red piece of stearin. "So, what can I do for you? Anything on the menu, free for you and your date!"
"You know I'm seconds away from kissing you so hard you'll have bruises on your lips?" Sherlock growled into John's ear, making the shorter man's knees weak.
John grinned up at Sherlock and wrapped his legs around his waist, bringing them closer. “What do you want?” he asked, running his hands up and down Sherlock’s back before rolling his hips.
“Of course I did,” Sherlock said, wrapping his arms around him, resting them on his waist. “Don’t be ridiculous.”
“I know, of course I know. It’s not that…” Sherlock mumbled, fiddling with the string of the robe for a moment before shaking his head. “Let’s just open the presents first.”
Sherlock groaned dramatically but helped John take down the dried clothes, even going as far as filling the washing machine with the last pile of laundry while John hung up the already washed items to dry.
“I don’t think.” Sherlock drowned his cup and put it on the coffee table. “I’m sure you’ll have made something edible.” Then he took John’s free hand and once again started to play with John’s fingers, stroking and very gently twisting them. John drank his own tea and joined his other hand on the activity too. After a while they were lounging and John had the sense to arrange them so that they were laying on the sofa before they both fell asleep.
"You need to tell Mycroft to stop bloody spying on us. Or then we have some fucking annoying house elves here."
John woke up alone on Wednesday morning and found that the detective had left the flat completely. At least he'd sent John a text to let him know that he was at Bart's this time.
“Is that why you’re still in bed, looking so very busy?” John asked, pulling Sherlock closer and nuzzling his neck. “Just give me ten more minutes.”
John listened to the old lady as she talked about bees and how to take care of them and then how Sherlock helped her. They got to taste different types of honey as well as honey-flavoured ice cream, honey fudge and honey cupcakes.
He was bent over the arm of his red chair, his face pushed against the seat and his arse on display, his toes barely touching the ground. His hands were cuffed behind his back and his ankles were pushed widely apart by the damned spreader bar.
For as long as John could remember, he had only been truly happy when the grass was green and there was life in the air. When autumn and then winter came, he would hide himself in his room, only coming out when it was time to go to school.
“I’m sure you did great,” John mumble, grinning and patting the puffy costume. Sherlock just huffed and shrugged. “Of course I did well, but a few of the others weren’t on time. I bet they could see it on the audience, and now they’ll –“
John Watson, his soulmate. Last night came rushing back and Sherlock almost yelped again as he realised he’s once again left John behind. Stupid cab driver, he should’ve known bet-
John snorted before bursting into laughter. He kissed Sherlock in between bouts of laughter until Sherlock decided to shut him up by pinning him against the fridge and then plunging his hand into John’s pants unceremoniously, cutting John's moan short.
“It sounds perfect,” John interrupted, hugging him tightly. “You daft git, how could I ever say no?” Sherlock chuckled against John’s shoulder, hugging him back. Soon though, they had to keep walking so they could catch a taxi and get back to the flat. Apparently Sherlock had one more thing he wanted to show John.
"Oh, what, dear?" Aziraphale turned to look at him, his smile now definitely teasing. "You can't do that," Crowley complained without sounding like he was complaining at all. "But dear, it'd be an utter shame letting it go to waste," Aziraphale said, now licking the rim of the bottle clean with his eyes locked on Crowley. "Oh, for Sa-" Crowley started, muttering the rest to himself as he got up, his -thankfully- empty glass abandoned on the armchair as he swiftly moved to where Aziraphale was sitting. Wordlessly, he sank to his knees between the angel's legs, setting his hands on Aziraphale's thighs rather gently, by his standards at least.
At home, Sherlock cuddled John on the sofa and watched him study for a while before starting to stretch. He clearly tried not to bother John too much, avoiding pushing his feet or head on his face. He was always a bit worried about bothering John too much but John didn’t mind, smiling into his textbook.
John sighed and opened his eyes, turning to look at Sherlock. "Okay, what is it?" He asked, pursing his lips. "We still have almost a month to prepare for Christmas so if you're panicking about having forgotten it again I'm-"
The brunet had also spent more time practicing at various spots, somehow getting more time at the university. But after one Thursday, Sherlock came home with a ban to the gymnasium and a fairly impressive bruise about to form on his cheekbone.
Sherlock scoffed, balancing the tray with a few old books and coffee mug. “You’re the type who eats on the sofa anyways, that habit would never last long,” he said absentmindedly, poking on one petri dish with a pipette.
Sherlock smiled almost proudly, his cheeks turning a little pink. "I'm very stealthy... And it's a well-known fact that you're not very observant."
John kissed back until someone else nearly collided with them, and they had to break the kiss and start moving again. Sherlock rested his hands on John's hips from the behind and stayed close to him as they slowly circled the rink a few more times.
“Your handwriting is awful.” The man's face lit up and the smile that spread on his face made the corner of Sherlock's own mouth twitch up too, which wasn't usual.
Finally, he stood up, took his toiletries and laptop and headed downstairs. By then Sherlock had shifted to lay on his back on the sofa and after finding the bathroom John ventured to the living room and sat down on the armchair he almost thought as his already. He placed his laptop on the small table next to the chair and looked at Sherlock. The man had rolled up the sleeve of his shirt on his right hand, and decorating his arm were...
John was able to get up without waking Sherlock, the detective sleeping unusually soundly. "Probably the alcohol," John mused to himself. He had never actually been able to sneak out of bed secretly if Sherlock was still there.
"Jesus Christ!" John moaned in surprise, his eyes snapping open. Sherlock wasn't looking at him, instead he was watching his hands as he stroked John, spreading oil to his length. The look of concentration and the bright blush covering Sherlock's face was incredibly hot to John, and he let out an appreciative sound, rocking his hips upwards into Sherlock's hands.
At some point, the scent attracted Mrs Hudson who appeared in their kitchen and got to taste all of the treats. She and John chatted while Sherlock started to fiddle with the last dough, making some weirdly-shaped cookies from it before putting the tray in the oven.
He wasn't sure if he wanted to go to Baker Street now though. Sherlock probably hadn't thought about anything when he dashed off, but John couldn't help feeling a bit hurt. The brunette had practically abandoned him here and John was sure he was going somewhere else than Baker Street.
He had been a kid when he had first learned what the Word on his wrist meant. Back then it had been exciting and he had spent years hoping his soulmate wanted to be a pirate too. He was sure that his soulmate would want to be his friend because no one else did. But at the age of 14 he was already fed up. It was surprisingly hard to keep hearing your word all over again but never get it right the other way around. He had no idea what he was expected to say, and it bothered him. He knew things about people just by looking at them, but he never knew what to say to them. Mycroft just scoffed when he tried to ask him about it so he never asked again.
Redbeard growled and if Sherlock was a dog, he would have growled too. “No!” he snapped firmly. “I’m seeing those lanterns.”
“The handler at the House…. I was crying and-and he told me to shut up… but I couldn’t,” the omega replied softly. “I-I was being disobedient.” He ducked his head, ashamed.
John’s eyes filled with tears and he leaned down and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s lips. “Oh darling… yes, I came! But I came too late! The filthy motherfucker had his hands all over you, Sherlock. I had to shoot… I had to.”
Ace watched in dumbfounded shock as Sherlock sat down and got everyone to tell him their dreams. There was something endearing and adorable about Sherlock, who sat cross legged on top of a table, pan in one hand and the other doing frantic gestures as he told of his dream to see the lanterns. The criminals and drunkards, usually so vulgar and ready to fight, listened with rapt attention, their eyes glued onto the beautiful boy sitting on the table. Something within John fluttered and he felt his cheeks heating up when Sherlock’s eyes met his. Quickly, he glanced away and focused on fidgeting with the hem of his tunic.
His handler walked away, shoes clicking on the hardwood. John could see a girl in rags and chains, and his vision cleared. His ears stopped ringing. He took a step towards her but was stopped by his restraints. She was a small, ordinary girl… but something was odd about her… John supposed there would have to be, for her to be here.
It took John longer than he’d ever admit to realize he and Sherlock were kneeling on the floor, facing each other, the latter completely nude with John’s hands against his sides.
When John slumped into 221B, sluggish with the desire to get a good night’s rest in his own bed before running off on their huge search, he was unpleasantly surprised that Mrs Hudson wasn’t the first face he saw when he got in the door.
Sherlock, to his credit, didn’t completely ignore the setting. He looked around, able to appreciate the natural beauty. He, too, was thinking about their argument. If he concentrated, he could feel exactly where John had held him, and it left the impression not of a threat but a lifeline. ‘
“Tell me the rules.” Sherlock straightened up and looked over. “Tell me the rules for dealing with the fae. It’s long past time we start tracking them down, unless you have a better idea. You’re getting your cast off this week, I’m capable enough with my cane for now. And the faster we start on this, the less likely another irate family member will show up and try to kill us.”
“Not that I can tell, but I might ask someone who would really know once we get back. For now, though. Sherlock, cut it out.”
Wearing his smuggest, easiest to punch face, Sherlock turned in one step and started his ‘I’m going to make a little play out of explaining this to you’ pacing. “I’m surprised you don’t know. We need to discuss exactly how thin your magical knowledge is.
John knelt beside Sherlock and spoke into his radio. “The bird coming up on the roof is the warden, don’t let her escape.” He looked over Sherlock carefully and helped him sit up. “What the
anymore, I blew the case and I’m a huge liability and I intentionally lied and covered up something that could have cost you your life, nearly did in fact. That-”
Then, much quicker this time, the figure in his hands expanded and pulled with its excess weight, and then the piercing icy eyes were smiling at him, in place of the saucered black ones, under the messy black curls.
Moving himself carefully and sitting up, eyes squinting to keep out the light (though in the flat it was much more tolerable than it had been in Ireland), Sherlock let out a sort of hiss.
“I do not entertain children, Mr Cavendish.” She addressed Sherlock, but was looking very intensely at John. “I would so like to see your wolf. Falkland Isles, no? The only chance in a lifetime to see one. That is why you have his dressed with such common apparel, is it not? No sense ruining something nice when he changes.”
“Me, Mr Holmes?” She scrutinized him a moment. “Why do you care?” She wasn’t being salty, rather her tone was discerning. “You’re not going to turn me in, even if you had any idea how.” Something clicked for her and she put down her treat, brushing her hands on one another. She slid off her stool and came up to squint at his face more closely. “You need me for something.” She watched his lack of reaction and raised a brow. Then she leaned back, hands confidently resting on her hips. “Where is Captain Watson, Mr Holmes?”
“A little too much.” John came back and threw the handful of things he’d left in the bathroom into the case. “They keep trying to get me over there.”
Sherlock hadn’t said another word, which began to worry John as he set their things down in the small but cozy room they’d rented. He turned to sit on the bed, folded his hands in his lap with his cane resting over his knee, and looked up expectantly.
John let him be, taking a bite finally and washing it down before speaking again. “Is there a reason everything was deserted?”
. Hired, even.” His eyes left the discerning, somewhat hostile gaze of the woman and fell upon the meek little girl, peeking halfway ‘round the sliding glass. “Hullo, Kirsty.”
He didn’t hear Sherlock tap over the hardwood on his bare feet to stand at the bottom of the stairs, and he didn’t see him there looking up when he closed the door.
“You’re not seriously expecting I’ll believe that. The Sussex Vampire was our first real case since we’ve been back. I’m waiting for the other shoe to drop and find where you’ve been causing chaos.”
“This way is faster and less annoying. And she’ll have an easier time looking after the girl if she knows everything.”
The elder Holmes put his hackles up, but nodded. With some sense it was forced, he slowly spoke. “I’m sorry.”
“Thanks for coming. Let me know what you find out.” John offered, sitting up properly and giving a half-hearted smile.
“Yes… I’d say that is my brother. He’s getting slow, if he couldn’t find me until now. Why he’s making us limp over there I couldn’t say. Possibly spite.”
“Excuse me.” He said quietly as he slipped away. As quickly as possible without drawing attention, he made his way to the garden and into the cool night air. He felt like he couldn’t breathe. And he no longer wanted to do this. He wanted to find John and go back, and take the next train back to London, back to England. But that was too dangerous, now they were here and keeping to the plan was the safest way to keep themselves concealed and get away clean.
“I know,” John waved as he caught sight of the bouncing white locks he’d been scanning for, “I’m the absolute worst.”
The response was almost immediate. Huffing a sigh, closing his eyes, smiling and rolling his head to the left, John looked up with weary affection. “It wasn’t your fault, why would I blame you?”
“Ah. Of course sir. Please follow me.” Awkwardly, the butler led them into a sitting room. The entire interior decor was antique and restored carefully, including the silver tea set brought out to them after a moment. John’s cup, he noticed, was porcelain instead. He had to assume his more normal appearance played into Sherlock’s game somehow.
“Out of my chair, Mycroft, or I'll throw you out.” Sherlock said, sounding somehow sharp and tired in tandem. He'd come up after checking something in Mrs Hudson’s flat, sending John ahead. It wasn't until then John realized Sherlock must have known his brother was here before they entered the flat.
After pulling off the road and a half a mile down a dark, disused side road, Sherlock flicked off the lights and got out of the car. John had fetched Sherlock’s coat and put it back on, both to combat the cold of the night and to hide his chest. He jumped out too, and followed Sherlock to the boot while he clicked it open.
A hand touched John’s face and he turned back to the woman beside him. “We are taken to the places we need to be, Heira.”
“So she has found a way to work around the regular distaste for technology the fae have, or her familiar doesn’t apply that particular hang up to it’s work with her. Most likely the latter.” Sherlock reemerged in his pajamas; sweat pants, a loose tee and his dressing gown. “I haven’t seen a Bugul-noz in any of the anthologies Bluebell lent me. Could you describe it?”
Sherlock is Not Okay, semantics are discussed probably more than is entirely necessary, and actually Bluebell is in the same place as she's been this whole time and nobody EVER NOTICES THAT. (She is a quiet bean.)
“It had very long limbs, a large flat nose… I think it’s hair was moss but I couldn’t really see under the hood.”
“That was fun, children. But I think we’re done. A little better housebreaking before the next auction, I should think.” Moriarty casually strolled in, hands tucked in his pockets. “You know this part. Dreadfully dull. Or would you prefer to wrestle around on the floor a while longer?” With a look of superiority, the Irishman pulled a hand from his pocket and began to raise it. Sherlock’s eyes flashed as he recognized the tool in his hand, and he pulled his gloves out with practiced swiftness. He donned them, and before John could even tell what was happening the leather clapped hard over John’s ears and pulled him in.
A simple, knowing expression graced Faas’ face as he watched his mother take the trolley back, then Sherlock sweeping out the automatic doors and out of the crowds. “Yeah. I'll see then.”
“Shut your mouth.” John warned, voice leveled and reasonable. His eyes, however, were gravely dangerous. “Even
Fear stirred in John now for another reason, because he didn’t have to think hard to guess where Sherlock was going now. “No.” He stood, forcing Sherlock back a step, and fisted his hands as anger crawled through his body under his skin, rising as heat does. “
“You’re surprisingly good with children.” John said, not really thinking about it. Then he frowned, because he felt like he’d said something like that before.
John turned to see Sherlock and the lady of the house coming across the grass towards them. Beside them walked an animal, held with a silver leash, though it was slack, attached to a funnel-shaped collar set with jewels.
-Sherlock manages to be a know-it-all despite the fact he's not actually the one explaining things to the police this time
“That’s vapid even for you.” John stopped beside him and huffed, crossing his arms. “I’d have thought, even if it wasn’t your doing, you’d want to keep the Sight and your unusual Shift. And there’s no telling if it’s even
“Mo…” He managed to force out as Sherlock settled for just helping him stand and putting his arm over his shoulders.
As they walked out into the foggy country morning, Sherlock donning his gloves and feeling satisfied, John suddenly stopped. It was just beyond the property’s front gate, on an old road. They’d come around the back when they’d arrived, where the drive was. Since they’d taken Bob’s car in, they were set to walk back to the nearby town to catch a train. ‘A brisk jaunt after an easy case.’ Sherlock had said.
Sherlock frowned more deeply. This was not her at all, nor, in this moment, was he confident she would ever be again. He forced his mind to block out the mirrored image of himself, years past.
Sherlock just nodded, keeping his gaze on her. It wasn’t one of anticipation or expectation, just… looking her in the eye, blinking occasionally. She looked right back, feeling a pull in her gut of deep sadness. The way he looked now, she was
John looked at him with understanding and compassion, then began to strip. He lifted off his jumper, toed off his socks, undid his belt… as he pushed off his pants, not unabashedly, he let himself fall forwards onto paws of his own. Then he rounded the little kinkajou, muzzle and ruff brushing him lightly, and fell around it’s back in a plush semi-circle, and laid his jaw down against swishing tail to quell it, and closed his eyes with a huff.
John watched him dash off. He was certainly more animated than last night. It was nice. Things had been so serious and heavy lately…
John found himself in the most uncomfortable, compromised situation he’d faced in his life. They had brought in himself, Faas, the twins, the Colonel, and two other Shifters John didn’t know. They’d been transported as animals in cages, and now the handlers (as he’d heard them called) were wrangling them.
Trying not to look overly excited, Strel nodded and ran around to Sherlock’s side. He sat down properly and lifted her in without opening the door.
“No…” Sherlock kept his eyes on her, looking for the little ticks and tells she’d be sure to give off. “It’s hours to London and I am bored. Go on, tell me.”
“The administrative assistant will back me up if anything comes of it, and I don’t think I’ll have much trouble with him again.”
Blood pumped in his head as he watched the commander count down with his fingers; this was it. He was here again, only now it wasn’t a nightmare, a reminder of helplessness. He was going to get them out.
But John hadn’t slipped, the cold he’d felt on his foot was a hand of dark mist, the tug towards the edge it’s surprisingly solid grip. His chest hit the rock hard, knocking the breath out of him as his hands scrambled to get a hold of something. He didn’t have his cane, he must have dropped it in surprise.
’ He managed to reach, and brought down his hand on both of Stewards. The orb fell to the floor with a heavy clunk.
“John.” He repeated. They stared at one another, John in fear and Sherlock in a painted mask of calm that broke into a warm, clever grin. “You’d be better disposed worrying I’ll run a myriad of experiments on you.”
“My, is that what I think it is?” Mrs Hudson came up, finally, to Sherlock. But she put a hand on John’s coat in his arms, and the other to her mouth. “Dear… Poor John.”
There was an echoing bang, and Sherlock’s rental vehicle tilted sharply left as that front wheel was shot out. He tried to correct but at that speed and on that terrain, the rover rolled.
John blinked, but stood silent and studied the drawing himself. He wondered if they should copy it down, and huffed as he remembered they couldn’t take a picture.
. Bugger the nightmares, bugger the other set of stairs he’d need to take to his own room, bugger the gunshot wound.
“Oh, that was the Geek Interpreter case.” Mrs Hudson cooed. “You hadn’t slept in more than a full week that time. John wasn’t much better off, but he refused to crash until after he was sure you were under.”
John opened it to find it was incredibly accurate, from her picture to her eye color. “Candace Estrelle Martin.” He looked at Sherlock. “How did you even get this done so quickly?” Sherlock looked very proud of himself. “Not through Mycroft, then.”
Next part will be up within a week. It will be shorter, thank god. There will be twenty chapters (parts 1-5 count as one chapter), and then I have ideas for a continuation.
He turned his back on the body for the fifth time that day. The carcass was an odd mix of repulsive and, to John's dismay, enticing. He'd been around plenty of cadavers both at school and in the service and he'd never had this issue. He made a face and forced himself to listen to the next story... instead of thinking about the tale about a plane crash in the mountains and what they'd done to survive.
“I was eight once. I didn’t like it then either.” Still chuckling, Sherlock poured himself some coffee, added his sugar, and stood. He sipped it as he took the provided cream to the window sill and poured it into the little dish there.
But Sherlock didn't linger, using the vantage only to see what he was doing more clearly as he washed the larger exit wound. He set John’s foot back on the hardwood and wrung out the cloth. Then he stood again to empty the water and wash his hands.
“I’ll tell you this…” Sherlock huffed, tossing his head up and away from John’s intense gaze, “I can see Neighbors now, and they’re bloody intolerable.”
Then the noises surrounding them changed, and John felt the hair on his neck stand up. They were losing altitude.
“She shot him. We had better have.” Sherlock mumbled. He was not here by choice. John was getting irritated about something the detective was doing, or wasn’t doing, but he could not deduce what the hell it was. He was about to watch someone he…
“Not for you.” John hissed back, managing not to slur. He raised his free hand and ran it over the thick pelt, finding the thick warm wet and following it up to it’s source. Before Moran could react, he pushed his fingers forward, digging them into the wound.
“All else aside, you haven't even been looking to date since before we went to the moors.” Sherlock's playing slowed and transitioned into long, soothing tones. “Curious.”
This close, Sherlock was incapable of filtering out himself, and everything that ached was raised up in him. He hated Mycroft. He hated his parents. He hated the teachers, the kids in school, hated how people looked at him after he spoke, after they’d heard whispers (far too loud, not intended to be heard? Laughable.), hated he couldn’t turn it off on his own.
Jolting as she grabbed his hand and pushed it off, John watched in horror as she started spasming in his arms. He jerked his head around to the top of the lighthouse, thinking if he could only throw something up that far…
John regretted acknowledging the cat immediately as a chatter began around him, most definitive of which was a little creature the size of a sparrow that looked like a little naked girl with bird’s wings and taloned feet. With her tiny humanoid hands, she took John’s finger and raised it, tugging gently.
“Sher- jesus.” John caught the next one, which was en route to his eye, and chucked it back. “Are you actually five years old?”
They landed hard but not worse than singed, and John scrambled to keep moving them as his eyes followed the erratic, flitting creature. It dashed around, growing smaller or larger at random, and as it went to pass Moriarty John readied himself to use the distraction to free Bluebell. She was hanging limp, eyes slitted and weepy, and as a jackrabbit she was heavy enough holding her that way could damage her.
John waited, but Sherlock was still in his own head. Not his mind palace, likely, but on the surface while he worked it out. “Yeah.” John answered in his place.
. It’s a fucking curse, and it’s one I kept at bay a good long while. If I ignore them well enough, I don’t see them as much. It’s why I couldn’t leave London once I got there. There are so few Neighbors in a city that big.”
In the better lighting of the doorway stood Steward, the head butler. The image of his face was in shadow due to the candles in the room, which flickered and gave him quite a presence. Not that any of that was needed, because looming behind him was the bogle.
Folding and pocketing the map, John took two steps forward and looked over his detective with concern. “Sherlock, what are you talking about?”
“I don’t hand over a dime until I see you haven’t damaged my property.” She insisted. She gave off a power John couldn’t- then he smelled it. She was certainly a Shifter. That served to confuse him all the more.
As Sherlock watched them closely, he found he didn’t have the hissing tug in his gut that often followed people being that close to John. The only times it was completely absent was with people he trusted, or children.
There was a loud bang on the door, and Sherlock exchanged another look with Bluebell. “Looks like the jig is up.” She said with a sigh and a smirk, kicking off the heels again.
John shut the door and took a whiff of the coffee, bringing the tray over to the table and setting it down.
to describe the Neighbor, as they aren’t always in a form suitable for reliable description.” John scrunched his brow and Sherlock interrupted before he could even open his mouth. “Of course you’re going to sleep now, any ignoramus could tell. How would you be able to help if you kept nodding off?”
Peeking out and seeing no one was watching the room, he carefully and quietly left, closing the door after him. ‘
“Look how well that turned out. You can’t bring all that bollocks in here, the less technology the better.”
“Yes after the sale went south, of course I could smell plebeian on that little woman no surprise there, I was able to make a very shrewd deal to bring home the Warrah.” Sherlock boasted behind his mask. “It wouldn’t do for a place like that to put a sold lot up, and reveal they’d let in someone of… questionable pedigree.”
About a week after they’d been back at Baker Street (which came after three days in hospital for John to stabilize), John returned from the jogging part of his morning and came up the steps in the odd way Sherlock’s plan outlined. He saw his flatmate, fully dressed, lying on the sofa with his fingers tented.
John sighed. “Yeah, and why didn’t you? Nevermind, you can fill me in on what the hell is in the dark around the cliffs later.” He wasn’t surprised, only frustrated. He looked up, and before he could ask, the sylph flew past him towards the center of the island. He let go of Sherlock and started after her.
Sherlock held onto his patience. Honestly, he couldn’t find John quickly enough… “Your father will be here, and I can’t find Bluebell without her. You want to find her, do you not?” He asked, playing a part to keep himself from being cross. He tapped his finger inside his pocket.
Bluebell was scrubbing her hair dry as she walked back into the main cabin in a robe. Sherlock hadn’t moved, but he said one word to her in greeting. She stopped and let the towel come down to rest on her shoulders.
” She managed to tilt the two of them and land on top of her attacker, scrambling to get away and to John. She was grabbed from behind by one long ear, which stuck up and back from the side of her head. Crying out in pain and surprise, Bluebell swiped her clawed nails in defense to no avail.
John snorted, looking for a new type of snack on the tray as a very tired looking Katarine came out to join them.
John rubbed the bridge of his nose. That bloody tone, that infuriating ‘this is not a question because the answer is so obvious there would be no point’ tone. “Because.” John huffed, taking a step closer, “There are two of us.”
I'm the first to admit this chapter is not my best, and likely need to be rewritten. I'm shaky, coming back into the story after so much time struggling with other things. But I figured I'd rather push through and conclude this story properly. One chapter left to go! It's started but I'm still having issues. Wish me luck, and I hope you enjoy.
Mycroft looked at the two files, one a surveillance report from 48 hours prior, and compared them. The markers that the woman his people had photographed on the train, in a cab, in 221B… with Sherlock… was the same Canadian girl who’d been legally dead for ten years were striking.
“I need what you have, then.” Lestrade said in an even tone, sloughing off Sherlock’s threat. “Miss…”
The smile erupted it’s way across Sherlock’s entire face, infecting John’s as well, and they both laughed. Sherlock rocked forward so he fell into the lounger properly and tossed the pad onto the table beside him. “You should have a bite before we leave. In all likelihood it will be a long day.”
After the hours it had taken them all to agree on a working strategy, the sun had long since set. Standing outside the little cafe, John blew on his hands and rubbed them together.
“Neither is the Yard.” She replied calmly, though even she looked unimpressed by his ignorance. “The call came from London. All he wants is access, he’s not taking over the case.”
Then there was a rush of activity as medical professionals buzzed around. They took John, though Sherlock was reluctant about that. He participated in some kind of staring contest with Mycroft while also keeping the mess of blond hair in his periphery, watching an IV being started, blood taken, general looking over…
“Well, best not to take chances. Look, it’s paid off.” Sherlock pointed to a dirt devil kicking up a few feet away from them in a patch of earth. Both men got to their feet as it calmed to inspect what had been left.
The detective was hardly listening, he was already holding John’s hand in both of his as he rubbed his thumbs carefully across, peeling away the glue. “One of these will need stitches.”
. He had no idea what he could tell Sherlock, Moriarty was right. He didn’t have any real clues to share. He couldn’t even figure out a way to make it obvious he’d written it himself.
Smiling, Andrea answered “Copy, over.” and clicked her tongue so Basil would lead their rescued therianthrope after her to the waiting helicopter. “Come. You need to meet my boss.”
This is a shorter chapter, and the next will be quite long. So it'll take a bit for me to finish and post it. Apologies. I will do my best to have it up in less than a week's time.
Shifters.” After half a second to confirm, Sherlock continued. “You didn’t know that bit, either. There are two ways Shifters come about. The first is obvious; they are born. The second is something of a punishment doled out by the higher Seelie and Unseelie courts; a curse.
John looked over at Strel. She shouldn't have seen any of that. But the girl sat silently. She didn't look frightened nor happy about what just happened, and her eyes glowed eerily in the dim like a cats.
It was lit only with candle sconces around the walls, and those were at half wick. But he could clearly see the ugly, flowered wallpaper and old, well cared for furniture. The mirrored vanity with several types of brushes, both for human and animal, lined up as if with a ruler. The open, rolling wardrobe stuffed with various costumes as if for dress up, and gowns, and a shelf for matching shoes. The little table next to the tall stained glass window, made up for a tea party. John knew exactly what this room was; a dollhouse.
“Guilt, mostly, I’d wager.” Sherlock supplemented matter-of-factly, licking a finger and turning the page of his paper. “And embarrassment. Wasting all that time with us, hampering our own investigation, banishing her son based on misdirection. Besides, the Kar name has enough political sway. No one will openly rebuke her. They can show their displeasure in other ways. Shunning, avoidance. It really isn’t complicated, John.”
Pulling on another pair of medical gloves and grabbing John’s forceps, Sherlock came over and pulled a small, blackened cube out of the bucket. “This, I suspect.”
When Sherlock returned, John had woken up quite a bit. Obviously in pain, but neither of them reached for the little bottle they'd sent home with him. Sherlock handed over a well worn pair of striped trousers and a plain white tee.
Wrinkling his brow, John looked at the small woman driving. He hadn’t taken notice, but she seemed terribly anxious in a way that hadn’t come out at the airport. “Will having Bluebell here for her rehab be a problem?”
John cleared his throat and sat down cross legged. “Yeah, if you want.” He replied, won over by her fearless nature. It was contagious.
Then she backed up, flying up to where he wouldn’t be able to touch her even if he jumped, and giggled.
The DI didn’t have too long to permeate in the feeling as John returned, albeit with a changed demeanor. His skin looked as if it were greying around his eyes and on either side of his mouth as he walked beneath better lighting to rejoin the others in the living room.
“Copy. On my way.” John clicked off the speaker and finished taping Sherlock’s shoulder. He grasped the railing to help him stand.
Even after getting about six solid hours of sleep before they left, John managed to kill some of their time by napping. The other bits were spent secretly checking up on their route and transfers, reading whatever local newspapers he could find in English, and ignoring texts from his sister. She hadn’t been able to visit yet and was becoming unbearable about it. John wasn’t about to tell her he’d left the damn country, he knew she wouldn’t take that well at all.
John moved his grasp to Sherlock’s right arm, slipping a few inches as the creature wriggled to upset the balance as John’s legs rubbed against the rough rock face.
“Hm.” Sherlock grinned, and John stripped off the belted top and shoved it all in behind their seats.
“You’re very ignorant for someone so well read.” Sherlock commented. “Did you not know anyone as a person first, and a Shifter later?”
John didn’t react externally, but if she was there, this suddenly became very dangerous. Both of them had been on stage, and John at least didn’t look too awfully different other than getting his weight and color back.
Standing beside a bundled up lady and leaning on her car’s hood was Sherlock, and the two of them watched in silent regard as the Watson siblings had a row. She was the last late shift cab in the carport, and lucky for them it was nearly dead otherwise around their choice of exit. She poured out some of her coffee into the thermos’ lid and handed it over. Sherlock took it, never looking away from the fight, and blew on the dense steam rising from the strongest coffee he’d ever have.
His return heralded a frown, and the ticking of hands behind his back. “John. You still need to change the dressings. Why have you already put on your trousers?”
After he got the phone back, which was at the end of Sherlock’s pacing and typing, John checked to see what he’d done. His brows raised considerably when he saw the message to his sister.
“I tried.” John didn’t miss that, though he wasn’t sure if Sherlock actually intended him not to. “I got through about twenty variations of tobacco ash. That was it for me.”
Sherlock sat in his chair and took up his violin, though he didn’t pick up the bow. “Your sister. Does she know?” He plucked the strings a couple of times.
-Lestrade is confused about Bluebell and she manages to sell the lie she's a paranormal consultant by the name of LeCoup
This perspective, from atop the rails instead of beneath them, made John feel sick about every trip he’d taken to a normal zoo in primary. If half the captives weren’t shedded, it would seem like a first class facility like any other high profile attraction.
She led them to a lighthouse, which was very clearly marked as closed to the public. It was still lit, though, and someone indeed was inside at the top. As the sylph vanished, John clicked off his torch and wandered closer. “This is it.” He informed the man at his back.
“Mike’s fine. You’re Sherlock’s mate, right?” He answered cheerfully as switched his leather case to his left hand and offered his right. “I’ve seen you around Bart’s.”
“Yeah. Basic. I couldn’t be bandaged up or bleeding everywhere, even that lot wouldn’t miss that obvious a clue.”
The cab pulled up to the curb and stopped, but Sherlock didn’t stir. After another minute of foot tapping after paying the driver, Bluebell finally scowled and flicked him in the forehead. He jolted, coming back to the present, then glared at her. She reacted by pointing to the abandoned storefront they were sent to by Lestrade.
“No.” John huffed, shifting once more. “No, it’s just… difficult.” He maintained eye contact, though he wanted terribly to look away. He was lying, they both knew. He wanted Sherlock to deduce it out, to shorten the conversation to another quickly spouted rant that he could just be impressed by and leave it at that.
As John sat and had some tea, which was spicy and not at all what he expected, Sherlock examined the room casually.
“Oh, no.” She said, still chortling from something said before. “Though I did have a proxy there around that time. Which event was this?”
“No, no…” She answered hastily, watching the gravel under her headlights run past. “Though you should have mentioned that she’s luminescent.”
dangers, John! But denying the change in your life is denying the other dangers we need to handle now! If you took it as seriously, this wouldn’t keep happening. Wake up! You didn’t want to be a part of this, too bad! It’s happening!”
“Cute.” Moriarty raised his hand again. Sherlock narrowed his eyes and prepared to protect John. But the emitter wasn't in his hand, nothing was. He faced the palm towards himself to show off a fairly plain band on his finger, set with one cloudy red gem.
