“Let’s go around the circle and share,” Siobhan began. “Have you ever been raped? By a stranger, a husband, a friend or by someone you knew? What happened? Kathleen, can you start?”
John shook his head appropriately and Sherlock nodded. “Exactly. Rather hard for my parents to be sympathetic then, isn’t it?”
It wasn’t love. That was far too pedestrian and underwhelming. It wasn’t addiction. He’d broken addiction. He couldn’t break John.
“You’re being ridiculous.”
That was how he found himself in John’s mother’s Chevy dressed in a pair of John’s jeans that were long enough but had to belted within an inch of their life and a tee-shirt bearing the name of a band he’d never listened to.
They had been married long enough for Sherlock to understand perfectly, standing up and following his husband to the bedroom.
John ruffled his hair. “Such a smart boy,” he beamed, helping Hamish off the stepstool. “Come on. Let’s go set up the extra bed.”
“Which what?” John asked, walking up the massive steps.
Hamish felt his throat close up at those words and went to sit back down before asking the only question he could ask at that point, the one he always wondered about. “Why’d you do it?” he asked. “How’d you give me up?”
“Such language,” the lifeguard teased, starting on his own zip. John hadn’t seen him yet, but he had the distinct feeling that Sherlock was hard enough to cut diamonds. “Your kids are next door, John.”
This doesn't mean we're leaving baby-Hamish behind though. Expect a lot of age-jumping in the next few weeks. Enjoy, and let me know which age you prefer, if you'd like to.
Harry comes at five. Cynthia arrives closer to eight, traffic. They huddle in a mess by the trauma unit door, not talking, not breathing. Mycroft holds Harry, her small hand disappearing in his large one. Sherlock tries to comfort Cynthia. Fails.
And in the sounds of Hamish’s slowing breathing mixed with his own faint avowals, Sherlock let himself hope.
I know, don’t worry. I’m not offended.
“When I was distressed. Things said in moments of distress carry no weight,” Sherlock clarified and John looked at him.
“Orion,” Sherlock started, pointing upwards. “Cassiopeia, Sirius, Scorpius, the big dipper, the north star-“
“Don’t worry love, we can fix this,” he eased, handing the intestines back to Sherlock and coming over to his son. “We’ll clean. We can freshen up. I’ll start on dinner. When is she coming?”
Sebastian eyed John a minute. “Just who is he anyway? And what is he wearing?”
, where best friends and childhood crushes didn’t say it meaninglessly, where older brothers never smoothed down cowlicks and said it through clenched teeth. And then it hit him.
Sherlock chose the first and John was perfectly happy with that.
Sherlock watched them turn the corner before unlocking the door and heading upstairs. She let herself into the apartment and then stopped short at the sight of Mycroft, in his white beater with sweaty hair, caught mid-pace by the kitchen table.
“What if it’s Hamish?” he sighed.
“You told me there was no point in being honest with myself if it made me ashamed of who I was. What are you going to do Mycroft, when she starts introducing you to women? Are you just going to tell Greg, ‘sorry love, can’t fuck you tonight, my mummy set me up on a blind date with some politician’s daughter from Sweden?’” Harry yelled.
“So this army business, you’re getting certified as a doctor while you’re there?” she asked, sipping at her drink.
“Quiet,” Sherlock whispered, swimming over. He swam as gracefully as he walked, gliding through the water like a dancer. “Once we reach the trampoline we can be louder, we’re too close to shore.”
“I liked that shade,” Sherlock cried quietly as Hamish beamed at them from the other side of the room. “It did wonderful things for my eyes.”
“Yes, yes, I’d love to,” Joan said and moved in to kiss her. Kissing Joan without their shirts was a life-changing experience, Sherlock thought, to be able to feel Joan’s bare back with her hands, to run her fingers over the bumps of Joan’s spine. They pressed too close, and Sherlock’s nipples rubbed against the fabric of Joan’s bra which sent her spiraling for a brief moment but then Joan pulled back and kissed her shoulder and her collarbone and Sherlock was back in her own body, kissing and letting herself be kissed. Joan- clever Joan, brilliant Joan- quickly pulled her bra off and then it was easier, the accidental brush of skin against skin not as jarring as long as it stayed brief. Sherlock couldn’t help but stare a bit at Joan’s breasts- not at all the first time she’d seen them between post-soccer showers and nights after cases where they had to change quickly- but what a difference context made as she marveled at their size, how they’d likely spill over the sides of her hands if she tried to cup them.
love stories.”
” he groaned at Sherlock caught up his hands and took his two fingers in his mouth, sucking and twirling around them with his tongue obscenely.
Sherlock blinked up at her. “I’m not twenty-one,” she said, at a loss for any other words.
at him and called him a friend, enough?
“How do you know you love him?” Victor asks him once when they’re lying in Sherlock’s bed. Victor’s lounging against the pillow, stretched out, and Sherlock’s hanging over the side, letting his hair graze the carpet.
Sherlock bent down to bite at John’s ear and the boy held back a moan. “Is it working?” he asked, licking the inner shell.
I think we're gonna try Monday/Thursday updates. See you soon :)
“Yep,” he said honestly and then winced. “Sorry about that, by the way.”
“So they tell me,” he smiled back, ridiculously smug despite the white stains forming on his sleeve.
“Go get some sleep, Einstein,” she smiled. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Look at me,” John asked and Sherlock did, locking on blue eyes. “Have you ever danced?”
Kissing Victor is nothing like kissing John. Victor’s hands are gentle, his tongue is kind as it slides against his own, his fingers brush back his hair softly instead of pulling. Victor doesn’t back him into walls. Victor doesn’t throw him down on the bed. Victor doesn’t rub against him mercilessly until he cries for release.
“I tasted like vomit,” Sherlock reminded him and John laughed.
“You don’t like us
John reached up and moved two hands to hold Sherlock’s face, all hard angles and drawn lines. “Who told you you’re not loveable?’ he demanded and Sherlock’s scared by what he sees in those eyes.
“Christ, that’s hard,” he said, holding Sherlock close.
“I love you too,” he said instead, even though it was sentiment, even though it wasn’t enough, because it was a close as he could get.
She leaned forward and he let her kiss his cheek, baby Alice warm between them, and she smiled as she stepped back.
But one year stretched into two and two years stretched into a coffee shop where a woman behind him dropped her purse and he helped her pick up her belongings.
“You’re so close I bet
“Sure,” she said, aiming for casual and unaffected and just missing the mark. “Don’t see why not. As long as we get a shot at the chem lab afterwards.”
“Wait, what?” John said, spinning around. There was no question which lifeguard would come make a nightly visit to B221. Riley certainly didn’t need anything from him.
“Not obviously!” he cried, turning on the two brothers. “We’re calling your mum, the police, hell we need to take him to a hospital-“
“Mm, quite,” the taller teen agreed and that was it.
“It hurts deep down to my bones,” he shivered and John clucked sympathetically.
“No,” Sherlock shook his head, kissing John’s temple. “But it’s okay. I’m okay.”
people.
Joan bit her lip and then said, in a softer voice, “Do you want to come? It’s gonna be a long meeting this week and I don’t want to keep you waiting upstairs.”
“I wasn’t lying when I said they weren’t anything serious,” Sherlock said, sitting on the closed toilet, as John vested him of his shirt and took down the first aid kit. “He was just trying to send a message.”
he wanted to say but he wasn’t sure yet what was allowed and what was not and he would not push this.
“Have you eaten dinner?” she asked after pulling back and Hamish hesitated before shaking his head. This was about to go two ways and he knew exactly which way he wanted it to go.
And with that his mouth crashed back down on Sherlock’s and the younger boy was more than happy to comply, moaning shamelessly into John’s open mouth.
“Sherlock, breathe,” John coaxed and reached out one hand to push back Sherlock’s sweaty black curls from his forehead.
“What’s going on?” John asked stupidly, watching Sherlock lock the shed door from the inside and turn around. His eyes locked on John like a lion stalking a zebra, and he stalked John further back into the shed.
“Irene,” Sherlock tried not to blush. She had tried to kiss him the last time they met, an advance he’d brushed off twice.
“You want a drink for the road?” she offered but Sherlock shook her head. She really wasn’t a drinker, no use adding another addiction atop her older, still scarred habits. “It was lovely chatting with you, Sherlock.”
But now was hardly the time for that.
Mycroft smiled again, grin nothing short of diabolical. “I’ll leave you two to handle this,” he said silkily, walking down the stairs. “Goodbye Hamish.”
“Who gave you permission to touch my music?” Sherlock thundered and Hamish looked up, eyes widening in sudden understanding.
Mycroft stood with some reluctance and folded his newspaper crisply. “I really must leave for work but it was a pleasure meeting you, Joan. And do put some more thought to my offer.”
“Because you’re a kinky bastard and you like a bit of pain. I do not,” John said and Sherlock filed that away for reference.
“Right as rain,” he smiled.
I'm actually in New York for Christmas and it is beautiful here. Would recommend highly ;) I almost took the boys across the pond with me but it just seemed like a rather lot of work.
John’s quiet. He sits down in the chair across form Sherlock, leagues away across a kitchen table. “Okay,” he says softly, broken.
They took a shower, scrubbing each other gently, mindful of each other’s raw sensitivity. John toweled Sherlock off slowly, making sure to check for bruises and cuts. There was a small bruise forming at Sherlock’s waist from John’s hip bone digging into it but Sherlock insisted it didn’t hurt and John kissed it better for good measure.
birthday present for Mycroft.”
Oh god, the fluff. It's suffocating. Anybody need an epipen or something?
“Shush,” he winked and Sherlock melted against the sheet. “No talking. Only moans.”
“Well, alright then,” she said briskly and Sherlock could have cried in relief on John’s shoulder.
(See the end of the chapter for
“John!” he called out suddenly and he heard a chuckle from deeper in the cave as he realized John had swam out of his hold.
“Can we finish first?” John is ashamed to hear himself beg.
As always, all my love. XOXO
“You can’t protect me, Myc,” she whispered into the quiet. “No one can. Safety is an illusion; we’re both clever enough to know that. “
John seemed to understand and he smiled at Sherlock, giving him one last glance of oceans, before he was in the car and it was driving off.
“You look very nice,” he murmured, not at all offended his bear pyjamas had been repossessed and Chloe blushed.
“Did you know?” he asked John as the teen stared at a tray of food, willing himself to be hungry. John nodded weakly, not looking up.
John did, spinning small tales as they contorted themselves on the jungle gym, Sherlock’s hair brushing the park sand. Sherlock listened, which was as much as he could ask for. Sometimes he even said he liked them. But John was still put out.
See you super soon!
“Where are you going?” Sherlock asked, thrown off balance. He was no expert at productive talks but he was fairly sure they didn’t end with one party fleeing the building.
Chloe turned serious a minute, blue eyes meeting his own. “I’ve tried to forget as much of England as I could, really,” she confessed. “Rachel says it’s not exactly healthy to wrap up my trauma in a whole country but I can’t really help it.”
at blowjobs.
“Joan, your girl’s standing right there!” Baby shouted in mock-offence and Sherlock nearly jumped as Joan wrapped a warm arm around her shoulders.
“Sherlock you left the crime scene without me,” John cried. “This isn’t the first time you’ve done this. Or the second. Or even the third.”
“Amen!” someone called out from the back and Joan grinned.
“I just can’t believe-“ he whispered, bereft. “You, of all people-“
Sherlock picked his head up from the couch. “Hello Hamish,” he greeted absently.
his small, fragile John was.
It is though, I know it. Because for us, you trapped in Eton, and me without a car, we’re just as apart now as we will be then. And we’re managing just fine. We’ll be okay Sherlock, I know it. This may be ridiculously sentimental but you know what they say, love can conquer all.
“For giving me… this,” John said honestly. “I know this isn’t usual for you. Or even normal. So thank you. For… trusting me.”
“He was like Jekyll and Hyde, you know? When he was sober, he was dad. But when he was drunk…” John glanced away. “He had these moods, sometimes he’d just cry for hours. But usually he got angry, really angry. And then we all knew to hide.”
“And Daddy’s gonna be your Valentine, Papa?”
“Put your hands in my hair,” John urged and Sherlock did, tugging at it as their hips ground against each other in tune to the music. He didn’t know who leaned first but one of them leaned and then they were kissing, right in front of all of John’s classmates.
John’s hands trailed lower, skittering down Sherlock’s back and hovering over the waistband of his swim trunks. Sherlock ground against him and John was tempted to reach down and just squeeze, when Sherlock’s radio crackled to life in the corner and both boys shot apart at the noise.
“The woman-“
“Now?” he asked, voice shaking and Sherlock nodded and that was the end. Within seconds they had both jumped up, grabbed hands and
Joan had murmured into the corner of Sherlock’s mouth, waiting to be allowed to kiss her.
And with that Sherlock followed John into the bathroom where they attempted to brush their teeth for twenty minutes.
“Hush,” Sherlock eased, as if he could sense John’s line of thought. Bloody mind-reading bastard probably could. “Have you done this before?” he asked as John drew his knees up instinctively, baring himself.
“My husband’s just getting the food, why don’t you join us for lunch?” Margaret suggested but before John could answer, Sherlock butted in.
Hamish seemed to bristle, turning defensive. “It’s really big,” he offered in protest. “And crazy competitive. I applied to Queen Mary,” he confessed and Mycroft stared at him. “They’ve got a nice drama studio. And they just want two As and a B. I’d be okay there.”
Sherlock settled on a chair and the inspector took the one across for him. John followed in silently but strongly, taking the seat on the couch behind Sherlock, posed to defend.
“Shower’s all yours,” Joan said and Sherlock nearly jumped, absurdly grateful that she’d been only sitting on Harry’s old bed, a Ms. magazine in hand. “Oh, that’s a great issue. Guessing you didn’t finish the letter?”
“You did for him what I never could do, John,” Mycroft said, finally looking at him. “I am forever grateful.”
“If he wasn’t talking, I might see your point,” John shook his head and gathered the tiny boy up in his arms. “We just need to get him settled and get him some medicine. Go get the children’s syrup from the medicine cupboard.”
“No, don’t,” John insisted instinctually and then paused. “Well, he’d have to get up for school in a half hour-:
“Okay,” she said back through the door and then there was the sound of shuffling as he made his way back to the living room to unfold his bed. Sherlock closed her eyes. Right now, what was Joan doing? The image came, unbidden, of Joan naked on the couch in her little apartment, the couch they’d sat with their tangled feet, Mary’s head lost somewhere between her thighs. Sherlock didn’t know the intricacies of that, not enough to imagine the details or what might come next but that was enough for her to spit out her toothpaste and rinse her mouth into the porcelain sink.
So a lot of you, nearly as many of you as had wanted a teenage Hamish, have been asking for a Watson sibling. Unfortunately, I'm afraid I let that ship sail when I made Hamish a teenager all by his lonesome. But I believe in giving the people what they want and so I present to you: quasi-sibling! Sorta. Bear with me.
“Here,” he smiled, passing it off. “Mr. Wiggins of Northampton will keep you safe.”
Hamish dragged his rucksack to the kitchen table and set himself up to do his work. “Do you need any help?” John asked as he reached above the sink to pull down a pot.
He helped John settle on the floor and propped the pillow against the bed and John’s back, cushioning him. After a moment, John’s eyes fluttered open and Sherlock suddenly understood what the bloody poets he’d been forced to read at school meant when they talked about swimming in someone’s eyes- he knew they’d be warm and soft like velvet.
Guess who's back. Back again. *kisses*
“Hi, this is Hamish’s reception teacher. You’re his uncle, yes?” she offered and Mycroft’s genius brain went blank.
“What is the topic?” Sherlock asked and Joan shrugged. She met Sherlock’s eye and did not blink but Sherlock knew anyway.
“Oh sorry,” he excused, looking down.
“Holy shit, that’s Shulamith Firestone,” Joan gasped in her ear and Sherlock turned to look behind her at a woman with long brown hair and round-plastic glasses. She had her arm around someone and they were singing loudly along, stopping briefly only to say something to each other.
When he was no longer shaking with repressed sobs, John turned his head so they locked eyes. “Should we go talk to Daddy?” he prompted.
“Why are we going to the lake?” John asked, eyes darting around. There were a few counselors around, curfew wasn’t for a few hours, but the path to the lake was relatively empty. No one was stupid enough to risk being caught swimming in the lake at night.
Sherlock had said as they walked from school to the bodega where they could buy loose cigarettes for fifty cents each and the cashier never checked ID.
Sherlock had wanted to cry then, had nearly let two tears slip before she’d hidden them in Joan’s hair. Somehow she had gotten herself enough together to say,
“John?” Sherlock called hesitantly from the doorway, his heart pounding in his chest.
She looked at Sherlock, taking her glasses off for a moment. He could see her eyes, the same warm brown that had ruined him for a while. “I wanted to congratulate you and John when Hamish was born, but I think I was in Budapest. That’s what, eight years ago? God, how time runs from us,” she paused, considering him. “I would have wrecked you,” she admitted suddenly. “It’s better you’re with someone who builds you.”
“Sure,” Sherlock answered before she could stop herself
John and Sherlock shared small, proud looks. “Lights out, you two,” John said before hitting the switch. He followed Sherlock downstairs, watching him sink into the couch as he moved to clean up in the kitchen. It was quiet for a few moments before Sherlock suddenly spoke up, a low rumble from the couch.
“Sherlock? I need you on big dock,” Riley’s distorted voice ordered, and Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Victor grins down at him, all soft charm and easy grace. The very opposite of John. “Come here,” he whispers and Sherlock swings himself up.
“You boys on holiday?” Margaret asked, turning to look at Sherlock.
That had been the best part of coming home, walking onto the crime scene of The Pink Lady with Sherlock.
“Because I love you,” John said and he stopped as that filtered in through the dusty air, dimly lit by the setting sun and illuminated dust settling around Sherlock’s room.
"Parenting doesn't get a lot of acclaim," he told his son. "You don’t get awards, nobody gives you the keys to any cities. Mostly you make a lot of mistakes and think you're doing everything wrong. But it's the best thing you will ever do."
"It's Grandpapi baby, can you say hi?" John prompted, a smitten grin on his face and Annie just beamed right back at him. Hamish interrupted the love-fest with a little cough.
but she wasn’t sure. She didn’t know for sure. That meant they had a chance, Sherlock thought desperately. Soon it would come to her turn and she would lie. She’d say she’d never so much had even heard of rape- no, too implausible- wait, she’d say that a friend of hers in her old high school had been raped- god, that’d never work, who’d believe she had
. Slowly, he slid his hand across the seats and onto John’s thigh.
He’s in the medical tent when his commander comes in.
“Goodnight boys,” he said softly, nostalgic, and fifteen sleepy voices chorused goodnight. Tired, he crawled into his bottom bunk and found Sherlock already there, waiting for him.
“Is that not okay?” he asked, worried.
“Hm,” John hummed around him, not looking up. “Quietly please. I’m enjoying the opera.”
“Come on,” she said, moving away to gather up the signs and Sherlock suddenly felt cold with their bodies no longer pressed together. “Ms. Leibowitz said we could keep the signs in her closet till Monday. And then, we got an experiment to run before they close up the school at six.”
“Yeah?”
“It’s an awfully long drive to Staffordshire, Mummy,” Mycroft pointed out. “Perhaps we’re best here.”
They went over to the “Have a Go” sports and John tried archery. He was still laughing over an arrow of his that had gone wide when Sherlock came up behind him and stole the bow.
They left that morning, packing up the car and driving back to the country house. Harry and Mycroft were sitting on the porch and they looked up as the car pulled onto the gravel driveway.
John groaned, rolling over and burying his face in Sherlock’s chest. He didn’t bother with the perfunctory
“Oh Sherlock,” John laughed, reaching around to hug the younger boy, vaguely aware of their mothers laughing off to the side.
“I just don’t think-“
“Only like one of the founders of NYRF,” Joan said and now she was the one who was vibrating. “And she wrote
“Shhh, it’s alright. She knew.”
yes,” John cried softly, flipping them over to land Sherlock squarely on his back, John working feverishly at his jaw. “Once the house is empty, you can moan as loud as you want. Your moans are
“You can’t know that,” Hamish argued, brilliant as always, and John marveled at him.
“Let it go,” he urged and Sherlock did, pausing to stick his tongue out at Mycroft who gave him the most dignified two-finger salute John had ever seen.
John was surprised by that bit of logic. “Nice job, Hamish,” he praised.
“This is my friend, John Watson,” he introduces, shaking Sebastian’s hand.
It was the strangest sensation, like wet heat and velvet, and John wanted to giggle. But he had a feeling it was bad etiquette to giggle while inside someone so he bit his lip instead. “I hear,” he whispered, like it was contraband news, “that after a while this part gets awesome. Some people even
“Helped me get clean,” he supplied and this seemed to satisfy the child. “We would have told you, perhaps when you were older, but because it came up, we are explaining.”
“Fuck off, all of you,” Joan said warmly, already turning away. “We’re gonna go watch the moon landing.”
“This will make you happy,” he said and it wasn’t a question but John answered it anyway.
“I’m sorry, I know I’ve been bothering you-“ John blushed, ashamed and it puzzled Sherlock why anyone would be ashamed of an obviously uncontrollable function.
They slept in the rather normal-sized bed now, curled up in each other, and the next morning John found a string and threaded it through the thimble, wearing it around his neck. Sherlock had never looked so pleased.
“Is Daddy mad at you?” Hamish checked, concerned.
“Sure,” John smiled at him but stopped at the look on Sherlock’s face. He sat silent as they rowed back and tied the boat at the dock and didn’t touch Sherlock as they walked back to the house and up into Sherlock’s room.
“You were my first kiss. And, I hope, my last.”
“Please, skip the pleasantries and get to the problem,” Sherlock grouched and Mrs. Emily looked even more uncomfortable.
Hamish laughed out loud. “Too late now. You asked and I’m supplying,” he teased and Sherlock groaned. “Her name is Laurel. She’s so…I guess fit is the word for it. She’s got these big brown eyes and her laugh-“he zoned out for a moment and Sherlock waited patiently for him to come back to himself. He of all people was sympathetic for when one got lost in their own mind.
John laughed. “Name it what you like. But it’s getting a name,” he insisted, walking up to one of the vendors and ordering.
“Yeah it is! Like Marcie said that boyfriends have to give their girlfriends their pudding cups during lunchtime. But the pudding cup is my favorite part of lunch!” he complained, throwing his small hands up in the air in exasperation. “And during recess, I have to play square games with her. I
Good. Harry brought a date.
He hadn’t stopped thinking about what Sally had told him though. The thought of pure, clean, sharply outlined Sherlock reducing himself to nothing more than fuzz and brainwaves at the prick of a needle made him sick in ways he didn’t want to analyze. It took him a while to recognize the feeling that coiled in the pit of his stomach at the phrase
Why wasn’t a John who smiled at him, didn’t call him freak or push him or hit him but
When John had left the flat to pick up Hamish, Sherlock had been curled on the couch with his face pressed into the back. He was in that exact same position when John trooped back in. Hamish, for his part, was an expert at black moods. He slipped his shoes off soundlessly and unzipped his coat.
“John-“ Sherlock ordered and John reached one hand under him to cradle the small of Sherlock’s back, the other hand still interlocked with Sherlock’s.
“No, that rustling was just a crisp packet. Use your giant brain you genius.”
“Jesus, you can never forget who you’re talking to with you.”
stay after being faced with all that, after hearing all the cracks and flaws and broken pieces of her life? She couldn’t blame Joan for fleeing, surely she would have done the same.
“I gotta make sure my friend gets home safe,” she said, her palm finding its way into Sherlock’s. “Do you…want to come back with us? I live just around the corner, we could have some tea or something.”
John stepped carefully over a pile of miniature coats and trainers as he came over to Sherlock and crouched in front of him. “Have they eaten yet?” John asked as he pulled a spare baby-wipe from his jeans’ pocket and wiped the sauce off Sherlock’s cheek.
“You think I’d leave you because you can’t give a blowjob?” John laughed and Sherlock blushed crimson. They’d tried once, but for the first time in Sherlock’s life he’d been an utter disaster at something and John had very sweetly pulled him off and promised they’d practice. “Sherlock, you are the most brilliant man I know. I may be dating your body, but I
“Scared of me, are you?” Sherlock smirked and there was such pain in that small twisted smile that it took John’s breath away. “Scared of the crazy drug addict? Scared I’ll hit you?”
Hamish thought. “Not really, but we’ve always been in brightly-lit rooms so that doesn’t mean much.”
John looked up and saw him there and his face went so white, Sherlock feared for a moment he’d killed his only friend. But then he stood and opened the door into the cold snow, waiting for Sherlock to move from the window to the door. He did.
“Rain,” Joan said, her smile coming out in full and this was Sherlock’s favorite part- not the clues or the chase, beloved as they were, but these moments when Joan looked at her like she’d hung the moon, like she was the cleverest trick she’d ever seen and she never wanted it to end.
-call disconnected-
“No bloody way-sorry,” Hamish pulled back. “I’d rather get kidnapped every so often than have to watch Da go mental.”
“Someone’s gotta stay with them,” John said. The camp always held a welcome-to-camp party for its staff at the end of the first week. It was mostly for the specialty counselors though, like the ones who ran sports or lifeguarding. Bunk counselors had a harder time getting away.
they encouraged.
That was also the year of broken jaws and cigarette burns, of purpling bruises and sleeves pulled down. If Sherlock noticed John stopped wearing t-shirts during practices, he didn’t say anything. But he started inviting John over for supper more and stopped turning his mobile off at night.
you,” John confessed, voice low, and Sherlock’s stomach flipped.
“Thanks,” he muttered awkwardly and then left. Sherlock waited until he heard the shower running before settling back in his chair with a sigh. He had no idea why John made such a fuss about it; parenting was ridiculously simple.
“In fact,” Victoria pointed out, looking at Cynthia, “the only person technically not present was Sherlock.”
was definitely not so dark with smooth muscles and light hair that trailed down into-
“Is he a friend of yours?” Sherlock guessed, not trying.
Joan was stood at the stove still in Sherlock’s too-big pajamas, one hand on a frying pan as she turned towards the kitchen table where Mycroft sat, newspaper neglected in his hands, trying hard not to smile at the voracious laughter coming from the blonde girl in his kitchen. He turned away slightly to hide a grin and noticed her frozen by the cabinets.
Sherlock paced, wearing a small hole in the carpet in front of the connecting door, before finally striding in. John never locked it and there he sat, his tee-shirt sticking to his damp skin from the shower, his nose deep in his book.
“Of course I did, ages ago. And that is not how you use a zip-tie, John.”
“John!” Mike called from across the archery field. “Can Jared go to the bathroom?”
“Trust me,” John urged and Sherlock’s hand scrabbled for his, intertwining their fingers and squeezing down hard enough to make John see spots. “It’s alright baby, I promise.”
“Watch yourself, Wendy,” Sherlock cautioned, pointing with a lit cigarette as they lounged against the brick parking-lot wall. There was no recess and no bullies to hide from, but Sherlock was remarkably good at getting John to skip class. “You’ll grow up if you’re not careful.”
“Hold hands while we cross the road,” Sherlock instructed. Hamish dutifully took his hand and Chloe held his hand by proxy. They crossed into the park and Sherlock walked them carefully to the playground where he bent down to look them both in the eye.
A million requests clouded Sherlock’s mind.
John had absolutely no idea what to say. In fact, he wasn’t even sure he’d processed anything Sally had just said, it had all seemed to get lost after the
“Papa!” he welcomed them, kissing his father soundly. “You said you were gonna be gone three days; it was only a day and a half!”
square games! All I wanna do is play on the jungle gym but we’re sposed to spend recess
The room laughs good-naturedly as Harry turns to the blonde woman sitting beside Clara’s mum. “Mum, thank you so much, for everything. For raising me proper, despite all that we went through.” Harry pauses to look upwards, an unshed tear in her eye. “And thanks Dad. I know we ended rough, but we started well, and that means something.
“It’s a lot easier when you don’t have to worry about feeding or schooling them,” John admitted and Sherlock laughed, coming closer to nuzzle John’s face like an overgrown cat, noses bumping.
“Oh, alright then,” Joan said, sounding somewhat surprised, before continuing on in companionable silence. They had just turned the corner to Sherlock’s block when a question occurred to her.
“Cynthia,” Victoria crooned and the blonde woman smiled at her.
“Oh thank god. Where is he?”
“Lestrade,” Sherlock hissed. “Married man with two children.”
“Why hello there,” he said, addressing Sherlock’s cock and the younger boy would have laughed out loud if he wasn’t so focused on reminding himself how to breathe. “I missed you too, don’t you worry.”
The clerk listed the prices and Victoria stuck down her card, ignoring Cynthia’s protests. Sherlock and Harry were handed keys for their rooms and the four headed upstairs as Cynthia and Victoria handled business.
“Sherlock?”
“Why are there men here?” she asked before she could stop herself but Joan didn’t laugh at her.
“Now I know what colour scarf to get you for Christmas,” he joked and Sherlock smirked, half-asleep. John thought he might be on the edge as well as he said, “I don’t love you, by the way.”
“Oh yes,” Mycroft assured. “Right after her book came out. She was teaching all over the world and everyone and their mothers expected Sherlock and I to end up as maths professors. And neither of us ever did a thing with mathematics.
John has never felt so helpless. He knows the army has some sort of protocol where you can leave for family emergencies, but he’s not sure how to justify this.
Everyone seemed to split according to who they were near to in the room and Sherlock and Joan found themselves pulled into a little group in their corner with one other Bushwhick girl and twelve different women from all over the city.
Sherlock tilted his head and John felt like one of those butterflies in the glass cases at the museum, spread open and dissected. “Obviously,” the boy had said and John wasn’t sure what that meant but he thought it was a yes.
“She was just very worried,” John tried to explain, ruffling Hamish’s hair with his free hand, “because most little boys don’t get to ride in panda cars and do experiments.”
Sherlock considered the boy a long, silent moment, sitting precariously behind his cello, an instrument larger than him, his shirtsleeves rolled up and his long lashes blinking up trustingly, and he realized his son would one day experience decimating heartbreak.
John groaned, fists gathering in Sherlock hair, and he was so oversensitized from the prostate stimulation and the kissing and the feel of Sherlock exploding inside him that it only took seconds before he was coming in Sherlock’s perfect mouth. Sherlock swallowed like a sport before licking John clean and grimacing.
John lifted an eyebrow teasingly. “I played clarinet in primary-“ he bantered and Hamish looked ready to properly explode.
Victoria Holmes looked as though she quite agreed with her sons but shot a helpless look at Cynthia and the Watson children who were already planning lunches and discussing staying in a hotel.
“We can’t believe it either,” Marcie spoke up. “We need to hold an extra meeting this week, just to take tally.”
It started with kissing, which was how things usually started between them, only this time Sherlock stopped them as Joan moved from her mouth to her neck to say, “You can take my jeans off. If you want.”
That Friday’s practice, Joan drilled the girls harder than Sherlock had ever seen her do before, running them through exercise after trial until even Sherlock felt exhausted just listening to them. The reason for the sudden intensity was revealed at the end, though, when Joan let her heap of warriors slump to the grass, boneless.
John came home to find Sherlock sitting in the middle of a warzone.
"You shouldn't have rushed," he eased, taking in his son's flushed appearance with a calculating gaze that was as affectionate as a reassuring hug. "Your father was swearing up and down in the ambulance that it was just a bad fracture and I'm inclined to agree. He's just being x-rayed now. And how are you?"
*Phone call 12:42 am*
Christ, why did it hurt so much? This was why he avoided emotions because they came along with this, inexplicable pain.
“-and they all lived happily ever after,” John finished softly, closing the book. He smoothed down the duvet as he stood, a small Hamish tucked between them. “Good night, darling,” he smiled, leaning down to kiss the six-year-old’s head.
“Thank you,” John said quietly.
“Yes Ma’am,” Grimsbey nodded and John and Sherlock got out to find themselves by the front door of a hotel. The building was huge, with terraces that overlooked the ocean and grass around every corner. Within seconds, a hotel personnel and swooped down upon the family and was ushering them inside.
Hamish closed his eyes. “Half-hour.”
“A bear is dead, Uncle,” Hamish responded succinctly. “No jokes. No games.”
Sherlock didn’t even have to remember; he never hid his John memories too deep in the mind palace. “Nothing. I was a bit of a coward when it came to emotions. It was your father who moved first.”
Hamish opened his mouth, closed it, opened it again and then just gave up and hugged his Pa. Annie let out an indignant squawk at the squishing and at the neglected feeding and Hamish drew back quickly, setting bottle back into her waiting lips- same cupid's bow as her grandfather.
“Well, that’s one way to say hello,” John laughed and Sherlock let out a small snicker, resting his forehead against John’s.
He paused and stood, taking Sherlock with him. “Her name is Annemarie I have her number and address for you whenever you want them.”
“What do people usually say?” John asked, taking the bait.
“Is someone a little scared?” John teased and Sherlock felt himself go impossibly redder.
"Alright, that is enough," he decided and the two Watsons let out identical giggles a bit too high-pitched to ever be called masculine. "You papers have been signed, let's leave. Please."
“You took drugs and then got someone pregnant,” John tried and Hamish could have strangled them both.
Hamish turned his head on Sherlock’s shoulder. Already Sherlock could feel his collar soaking through, wet from Hamish’s residual tears. He blinked up at his father, eyes rimmed red, and nodded.
Sherlock steepled his fingers beneath his chin. “So it’s settled then,” he assessed clinically, easy to mistake for detached and uncaring but John knew him better. “Chloe will live with her aunt in America.”
“Did you like it?” Hamish asked quickly, growing concerned. “Mrs. Teacher says my art is very ant-vans and she hangs it on the special-prize wall sometimes only sometimes when I show her my drawings she gets a funny look on her face like it goes all white and her eye twitches a little like the dead beetle me and Sammy Pucker found on the edge of the recess yard one time that we poked with a stick and then she takes it and puts it in a special folder so did she show you those drawings or other drawings?”
“And your mother?” Joan asked, and Sherlock shrugged just slightly, the blankets pooled in her lap.
John’s eyebrows shot up, glad his back was to the boy. “ Well that’s lovely.”
“Hilarious,” Sherlock drawled.
“Fold!” he cried out, rushing over, and Hamish stepped back from the bowl instinctively. “I told you to fold the chocolate in, not beat it!”
“Sherlock?” John asked as they rested by the highway after a run, the moonlight casting strange shadows on their faces. “Are we doing anything tomorrow night?”
“Why hello there,” John smiled, shaking off his arousal in milliseconds while Sherlock struggled to compose himself in the back of the cave, and coming over to the little girl. “What’s your name?”
“Um, read her. See what she likes, what kind of person she is. Then figure out who would work well with her.”
Hamish said.
Her vomiting was loud, the sound of the splatter hitting this sidewalk as she gasped for air, her hands on her knees. Someone walking past blurted, “Jesus Christ,” as she choked and struggled before puking again. The rice and vegetables she’d eaten just a few hours earlier in Joan’s apartment came spilling out onto the concrete against her will as her stomach revolted and she vomited again, and again.
Sally Donovan froze on the threshold. “No one said the kid would be here,” she said accusingly, looking back at Greg.
“Yeah, Sherlock?”
“Lastly, I want to thank Clara, for marrying me,” Harry laughs and the room laughs with her. “I’m still not sure why, but love- I am going to make sure you never regret it.”
Sherlock had never been able to categorize the feeling that gripped him whenever John looked at him. Or even when John didn’t. It was like his stomach was twisting itself into knots as his brain suddenly reorganized itself, files throwing themselves against walls to make room for one word.
Someone had put the needle back down and music filled the apartment again as girls grabbed each other’s hands and danced across the small space. Joan, in her arms, shifted her weight just slightly from her left foot to her right until the two of them were swaying gently to the sounds of Karen Carpenter crooning
But as Hamish lay in bed, drifting off, he reflected and decided it was worth it. The kidnapping bit was worth it, if only to see how very much his parents loved him.
John stared at her a minute, “You’re right,” he said finally. “It is none of your business.”
“Yeah well your opinion counts for nothing when your husband’s a doctor so shaddap,” he advised. “Besides, you’re too overprotective of him when he’s ill and you know it. You nearly wanted him to live in the hospital when he was an infant.”
“Wow,” Joan whispered. “That is incredible. It’s just like what you did with Janet. Can you do that with anybody?”
Suddenly Sherlock was pressed up against the toilet back, a John in his arms. Utterly shocked, he looked down to see John holding onto his waist, still kneeling on the floor, positively shaking.
“What’s up?” he asked, his face so trusting.
Sherlock wandered over to the bulletin board to take a look at them. Welcome back, school play, lunch announcements, science club, all the usuals. And then, right in the middle in bright purple, a giant sign announcing the very first meeting of the Young Feminists Club Tuesday night. Sherlock smirked. A feminists club? Who needed something as ridiculous as that? She didn’t know much about the movement, had only given the march that June a cursory glance in the paper, but she knew enough to recognize a bunch of shrill girls yelling at a system that would never change. Who, in their right mind, would join a feminist’s club?
“Brilliant work, you.”
“Thank you,” he says, smiling from ear to ear.
“Sarah,” he says softly and it takes him a minute to realize she’s kissing him, soft lips against his chapped ones. He doesn’t push her away but dislodges her carefully, holding her arms.
“Hello sisters,” she said and then looked at Joan again. “Hello! We met at…”
Can I get a what what for more smut? Hells yeah.
“Why?” he demanded. “What’s weird?”
“I’d like to see them try and get so close,” Sherlock growled and they headed back upstairs, John’s laugh echoing against the marble.
“No you didn’t,” John agreed, his fingers never stopping in Sherlock’s curls.
The room let out a giant cheer and Sherlock felt herself carried away with it, pushed deeper into the room as she clung onto her biology textbook for dear life. Joan was a live wire, her black boots digging into the wood, and she couldn’t look away.
she said as she got up off the couch
The lifeguard however, was the very picture of cool. Black hair a sculpted mess, white t-shirt hanging loose against his stomach and hands in the back pockets of his jeans. “Is now a bad time?” he asked casually, glancing inside.
“I’m glad to hear it,” Mycroft smiled into the phone. He had been ridiculously worried but surprisingly, child-care seemed to get one’s mind off things.
They spent nearly that whole summer in the Sherlock estate, running through the halls and building things in the garden and eating ridiculous amounts of food. The rest of the time they spent running around London and making general nuisances of themselves, claiming street corners for their own and finding trouble where it hid.
“Oh my god,” John murmured, covering his mouth with one hand.
“Harry?”
“I always have time for my favourite uncle,” Hamish promised, eyes earnest. He'd stopped coming over as often after school once he'd started secondary but the teen still slept over nights his parents were otherwise occupied. At this point they'd stopped calling the second floor bedroom a guest room and three school uniforms had taken up residence in the closet.
“Shut up,” John growled and Mike grinned, elbowing him in the side.
“I just wanted to help you, and I thought- I thought if I could just get you to talk about it-“ Joan was sobbing, shaking her head, and Sherlock had never felt this angry.
“Yes it is,” he agreed, moving back to lean Sherlock against a tree. “Let’s fix that, shall we?”
“This is, wow, it’s-“Joan whispered in her ear, tripping over her words, as someone near to Anne began talking about how collaboration with male allies should be handled.
On Monday the 11th, Joan cornered her outside her locker as she was sorting out her books for the day, and leaned on it in a way that made it impossible for her to reach around.
“Did you?”
“You are being utterly illogical,” Sherlock sniped, walking into the apartment.
Harry looked up from where she was engaged in a conversation with Mycroft. “Very well ma’am, thank you.”
“That’s not all,” Joan started, holding court as the whole table turned to her. “No-one freak out but I called Shulamith-“
(See the end of the chapter for
… He’s texting Lestrade?
“Sentiment is absurd,” Sherlock told him, looking out into the parking lot. The bullies hadn’t gone away in secondary school, only gotten bigger, and they’d taken to hiding here during recess. It wasn’t much aesthetically, but it made due.
John smiled warmly at Sherlock. “He sees everything,” John told him. Sherlock looked over to meet John’s gaze and that familiar heat filled his body, settling in the pit of his stomach, and his blood all seemed to rush south. Never mind the child in the room.
You dirty, dirty boy
“What on Earth-“
“I’ve messed things up quite royally,” he admitted and Sarah laughed.
John blinked at him a minute. “Yeah,” he said finally. “Sure. Let’s delete it.”
“Till death do us part.”
Hamish shook his head. “Sammy Pete Spencer’s older brother said they turn ‘vinsible when you’re not looking at them. He said they wait till you’re sleeping and then they climb up on your bed and eat your eyes cause eyes look like gummy bears.”
John stepped out of the car onto the gravel in front of the Holmes’ country estate and was hit full on in the face by the thick summer air before he suddenly found himself on the floor.
“John-“ Sherlock said softly, properly sobered now, and John’s heart was pounding in his chest like a drum.
“Good, you?” she asked, hugging him. “Heard you’re doing kid coral again.”
Lestrade shot the boys a glance, shoved the letter in his coat pocket, and stepped back. “No trouble,” he said, voice steady. “Misunderstanding was all. Good day, sorry to have bothered you.” And with that he strode back to his car.
A bloke knows when another bloke is nursing a broken heart. So, you two broke up?
“Come on, we should get back downstairs,” John advised. “Before your mum thinks we’ve run off an eloped.”
He had first shift watch, making sure no fourth graders crept across the carefully-constructed gender barrier of girls on the left side of the fires and boys on the right, and so he got an earful from every counselor as they meandered their way to their tents. Most were comprised of lewd grins and even lewder suggestions. Mary let him kiss her cheek.
“We were in an envoy out of Ghazni. I wasn’t even supposed to be there, but one of the guys got sick and they asked me to come- hell. It was supposed to be a simple retrieve and return.”
“Do me a favor and dismantle the tent,” John asked, bending down to kiss the lifeguard. “Preferably after you put on a pair of trousers.”
“Don’t you know Jim?” he crowed and Moriarty’s eyes widened, unsure. “All children are heartless.”
Sherlock reached down and began stroking at John’s cock and the older boy suddenly lost all concentration.
“Something like that,” he laughed, his eyes warm. “But you don’t regret a minute of it, do you?”
“Wait,” she called out as he turned to leave and ran to stand next to John by the door. “Look, I was his friend for years. Well, as close as he gets to friends, really. Sherlock-“
“I need to talk to you,” Mycroft said.
To: Here’sJonny@email.com
John noticed for the first time that Sherlock was still holding his bear. It was matted in places with Sherlock’s blood but he was intact. Sherlock was right, it was hardly fragile.
him, rubbing and stroking at it until Sherlock is nothing more than an over sensitized, overstimulated puddle in the center of the bed and then John lets him come in an aching release of chemicals and endorphins and he screams John’s name, lets it tear out of his throat as he shudders to completion, aftershocks wrecking his body.
Clarification, for those who don't know. Nando's is a restaurant where they offer you pineapple and cheese with chicken for no discernible reason and Graham Norton hosts everything on BBC One. And I mean everything.
As always- hearts and kisses.
“So sorry. We’d love to but I left something back at our campsite, really should go get that. John?”
“You’re still in love with him.”
By the time they made it back to the tent, the stars were out and the clearing was lit by a spring of moonlight. They ate dinner by the car and then John crawled into the tent and Sherlock followed hesitantly.
“Of you? Not particularly- no offense John,” Mycroft nodded.
“Okay, perhaps not yet. But we may one day get a case-“
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m better than you,” John reminded him and climbed in, starting the car. They drove away and Sherlock felt himself grow warmer as the music faded and all that was left was silence and John.
Everyone told Sherlock he’d have a beautiful voice when he was older. John never told him that when he finally learned to read, he read things with Sherlock’s voice in his mind.
132 Sherlock.
“Alright,” John said calmly, spinning around. “That’s it.” And he punched the boy in the jaw.
I'm also appalling at ratings so if you think this chapter should change it, let me know.
The first few notes were torture. They were supposed to be. They came out high and painful and John could hear in them the soft keening of a boy left alone. And then the piece began, beautiful and rich, as Sherlock catalogued every part of his John,
“Ladies,” Siobhan said, as the circle completed its circuit. “Hopefully we’re all feeling a little more relaxed. We’ve realized the people in this room are not so dissimilar to us. We feel safe. Tonight’s main topic is intense, so I want us all to breathe together before I asked the next question.”
Sherlock swallowed and then, tactically, tried her hand at a joke. “What kind of beetle? The silver beetles-“
“I think I need to throw up,” Sherlock said weakly and John turned to him, crying “shit” softly as Mycroft turned to car off into a rest stop. They had barely parked when Sherlock was running out of the car and into the rest stop bathroom, locking the door.
So you’re still solving cases for him?
In the poor light, Joan’s face was a pair of ice-blue eyes and a half-snarl that swore to make good on her promises. It wasn’t enough, not hardly, to shake the terror of her father that haunted Sherlock from the corners of rooms and the shadows of long alleyways but it meant more than she could ever say. Mycroft had lied and stolen and bribed and uprooted his whole life to keep her safe but he had never given the anger space. The rage she felt in the darkest parts of the night. No one had held that rage for her before Joan. It scared her and she loved Joan for it in a way she’d never loved anyone before.
“Shove it, Lesnick,” Joan laughed but before the two friends could get any further in their fake argument, a voice from the living room called out,
“Yes, but this time I have a private place to rip it off you after.”
That night was a forest night, their breaths coming out heavier than usual as they ran. Forest nights were the longest, the farthest distance to travel. Sherlock was properly winded when he thudded to the ground against a tree by the forest edge.
"Sherlock-“
“I mean, it was pretty obvious-“ Sherlock started before Joan cut her off with pure enthusiasm.
John’s fingers worked quickly at the zip before pulling down Sherlock’s trousers and pants. He paused for a moment to smile.
“Now tell me the dream, slowly.”
,” he said with absolute certainty.
view of her upper thighs, just short of anything directly indecent, before she came back down and starting pulling out bandages.
“It’s a promise ring,” John explains. “I know you talked about getting married, and I want to. One day, when I’m a little less falling apart. But for now, that’s pretty close.”
“4 am, but that’s hardly the point,” Sherlock sniffed and John groaned.
“It’s not,” Sherlock cut her off and then stopped. Started again. “Well, it is gratitude but not like that. Not how you’re imagining it. I’m grateful for you, Joan, you being there every day and solving crimes with me, and eating lunch with me, and lo-“ she swallowed the word
Sherlock thought about Joan, fresh from the hot rejection of a mother choosing her new lover over her own daughters, watching yet another family member meant to protect her leave her behind. She was always, in a dark, shameful part of herself, aware that she ought to be more grateful of Mycroft but suddenly she felt a flare of deep
-his mobile went off on the bedside table. Sherlock buried his face in John’s shoulder as the doctor reached across to pick up the phone.
"How bout you Annie; you ready for second lunch?" he checked with his granddaughter and she burped at him.
“I’m so happy I met you,” John confessed and Sherlock squeezing their hands.
“Not to mention- what?” Joan looked up from her angry muttering at the table and met Sherlock’s eyes.
“Uncle Mycroft!” Hamish squealed, noticing the man in the corner for the first time. He rushed over to hug the larger Holmes by the knees, crumpling Mycroft’s pants beyond repair. “I didn’t even see you on account of how you were hiding in the corner and Mrs. Teacher says we always have to “take in our surround sounds” but I forget sometimes plus also you blended into the wallpaper like a camel.”
“I was so scared,” he choked out. “I couldn’t find you and I-“
Sherlock would do no such thing. “Of course, Joan,” she said and Joan held tighter as they were whisked downtown.
felt saccharine and
John’s eyes widened. “Never?”
“You liar, you have an eidetic memory!” Sherlock yells after him. “And where are you going? You can’t just make yourself
“I love you so much it hurts John. So much.”
“I could be Peter if I wanted to be,” John pressed and Sherlock laughed as though he’d told the funniest of jokes.
A flash of something went through John that, should he have liked Jamie, could have easily been explained as jealousy. But Jamie, hot as she was, was not his type. It was far too easy for John to picture Jamie, tall, blonde and thin, with Sherlock and for some reason that made him irrationally angry.
“Exsqueeze me,” he called, his voice high-pitched and immediately lost in the din of the crowd. “Exsqueeze me, please.” No one really moved but with a bit of pushing, he found his way around the collection of knees and trouser-legs in his face and ran to the rooms at the end of the hall.
Sherlock stared at him.
“If people say something enough times you start to believe them.” Sherlock confessed and John shuddered against his back.
As always, all my love xoxoxoxoxo- Shay
“But my mum says everyone has to grow up,” John asked. He’d hoped against hope she was wrong because then he could be Peter. All he really wanted was to be Peter.
“Two beers, please,” Joan called out to the woman behind the bar and that’s when Sherlock realized.
Sherlock yawned, a long stretch, and relaxed into John’s lap like a heavy cat. “It’s all a game, Wendy,” he murmured, ridiculously young and untouched. “Just one great game. And I am the king of games.”
“Sherlock?” a voice called her back. Siobhan, sitting patiently at her point in the circle, was looking at her. Everyone in the circle was staring at her. Except Joan, but Sherlock barely noticed that, so caught was she in the gaze of 14 pairs of eyes. It was her turn.
“Are you forgetting he insulted me too?” John laughed. “I had to defend both our honors.”
They crawled up the mansion’s stairs, panting.
Sherlock blinked his eyes open close to ten, after John had been sitting in that small chair for nearly five hours. “Oh Sherlock,” John breathed, suddenly aware of the painful knots in his chest, desperately trying to hold him together.
. Mike nodded and John rushed from the room, pointedly ignoring how Sherlock smirked at him and his poor hobble.
John nodded and turned to swim towards the trampoline, a large spherical thing about halfway out. They never said it aloud but it was clear they were racing. John was a strong swimmer but Sherlock had the upper hand by far, a longer glide and more experience. He reached the trampoline mere seconds before John and reveled in them, climbing up the ladder to flop dramatically on the springy surface.
“He’s new,” she commented. “I met him at the specialty counselor meeting. He’s a lifeguard, I think. Named Sherly?”
“Hey Sherly, welcome!” she called out and the girl between her legs- one of the pencil-pushers with her hair always back in neat bun- waved as well. “Help yourself to whatever.”
“Don’t touch it!” Hamish shrieked and John lifted his hands compliantly. “We need to dust for it. Partner, do you have-“
“John,” Jordan called out over the general din that pervaded B221 during bedtime preparations. “Someone just knocked on our door.”
Joan grabbed both her hands and began dancing them somewhat violently about before pulling Sherlock into her for some kind of twist-tango combination. “Some kind of happiness is measured out in miles,” she sang, and now her eyes were bright and alight with that same joy, whether it was for the music or for Sherlock, the genius was unsure. “what makes you think you’re something special when you smile?”
Sarah leaves at one am, kissing John goodbye. “See you Monday morning,” she smiles and he hugs her, letting her leave.
“Are we there yet?”
“Vicky, can I call you Vicky? Listen Vicky, I was the one who told Sherlock he could talk to you again, because Lord knows I already feel guilty for leaving him alone. But I
“Don’t be, baby. This isn’t your fault,” his Papa promised. “Nanny Hudson’s okay too- just a little bump on her head, don’t you worry.”
“Hush,” Sherlock ordered, bending in closer to suck at John’s neck. “I’m concentrating.” And as he sucked a hickey into the exposed skin, he suddenly remembered what John had done and rubbed one finger over his slit.
“We need to go back to the corner store, see if they’ll let us take a look at their shipping records,” Sherlock rattled off, mouth moving a mile a minute. Joan, bless her, was already starting for the coat-rack.
The kids were in the lake without so much as a whoop, desperate to feel some semblance of cool. John and Mike followed along more subdued, smiling at the head lifeguard Greg, taking lifejackets and going in.
Every word out of her mouth felt inane and absurd but Joan wanted them to be here, Joan was trusting her with some secret soon to be revealed, and Sherlock was going to stick it out.
John turned an angry gaze on Sherlock, weakened by his pillow-crushed face. “Now why have you gone and said something like that?” he pushed, trying to untangle himself.
They weren’t even shy condoms either but
The Sherlock on the roof proved they weren’t.
“I’m just gonna go put these in the kitchen,” Joan said, disappearing with a squeeze to her shoulder and then Sherlock was alone in the living room. Someone had turned on the record player and music was blaring across the house with a few people trying to dance to it. Couples occupied most of the couches- with prime spots going to members of the victorious team and their boyfriends. She smelled smoke off on the fireplace and her fingers itched with the desire for a cigarette. She hadn’t indulged in months, money had been tight since they’d had their rent raised, but she was practically part of the team- surely
“Swear to god.”
“What do you-“ she tried but Hamish breezed past her.
If I write another story involving sexy-times in a tent, somebody please shoot me. Or maybe just gently steer me to, I don't know, hotel sexy-times. Can you tell I rather like camping?
“Sherlock?” John asked, swinging nimbly down. But Sherlock ignored him and ran inside, his own face burning. Science. He needed science. He needed to bombard his brain with pictures of corpses and fetal pigs and wash out all evidence of John Watson smiling at him.
“Did you know,” Joan started as they were waiting in line to get their food, “that the British claim they invented soccer but
“What my husband is trying to say,” John cut off as Mrs. Emily turned practically sheet-white, “is that he’s a scientist. He works with all kinds of objects for our cases and sometimes that requires re-creating a crime. But we use a dummy or a  model or-“ he rambled frantically.
Sherlock glanced at his husband quizzically. “I fail to see how that is defined as a problem-“
John stops, gazing up to tangle his fingers in a mop of black curls. “Kid really. Not even older than you,
“Paulie Peters Smith the Third needs a glass of water!” the little boy shouted and John shoved Sherlock off him.
Sherlock flipped a page, nonplused. “Oh, did I?” she asked, eyes skimming the news. “Sorry, must have forgotten. You can just leave them there.”
“It’s not that,” John cut him off, taking the pot off the flame as Sherlock strode back in. “Hamish’s class wrote their letters to Father Christmas today. His is on the table.”
Hamish smiled at him, tiny and sweat-soaked. “Cause you’re here. And you’re the strongest man in the whole wide world. Even Papa says so.”
Secondly, it's time for another conversation. I'm terrible at making decisions,as you all know, so I leave it up to you guys. Shall we follow proper regulations and have John attend Uni for 4 years becoming a doctor, giving us some fun Uni stories, some house party drama, maybe a little scandalousness, before John leaves us for the army? Or shall we sod the rules and have John go straight to the army in September, giving us one last angst filled, desperate, over-the-top fluffy (and maybe even sexy?) summer?
“Can you look at me while we talk?” he tried again and with an ever suffering sigh, Sherlock turned to rest her head on the armrest, blinking up at him lazily.
“Get on the toilet,” Sherlock instructed. “This is going to be tight.”
Yes, it didn’t make any sense that she had to take sewing for two years. Yes, she’d had to claw her way into chemistry and bio. Yes it wasn’t fair but what was? Life wasn’t fair- not for her and not for anyone. It wasn’t something you could change. It just
“Oh Sherlock,” John feels like he’s going to collapse as he steps over the body of the murderer he just shot and envelopes the detective in a bone-crushing hug. “You could have died!”
“Jesus Sherlock, this is a monitored call!”
“Hardly,” John said, turning the wheel as they switched from the highway to a smaller road. “I’ll get you a funnel cake.”
“Fuck it! Fuck all of them!” Joan whispered in a furious voice as she slammed herself down into the chair opposite Sherlock.
“Are you hungry?” John asked Hamish and the boy nodded. “So how about I start on dinner and you can do homework.”
“No you don’t,” Sherlock told him and John nodded because Sherlock knew him better than himself.
Hamish looked to be on the verge of crying. “We’re her family,” he begged, voice breaking, and John knelt to gather his son in his arms, small and terrified.
“We just slept,” he lied and Mike looked up, meeting his gaze.
He set the violin down with a soft sigh and John looked at him from the bed, breathless.
“Did you win?” he asked and Hamish’s eyes widened in complete surprise.
“John, the thought of Mycroft having sex is not remotely funny,” Sherlock insisted and John laughed harder.
“Yes there is, Hamish,” the talkative goon who Hamish had affectionately begun to refer to in his mind as Bossman said menacingly as he reached into his pocket and oh dear lord, he had a gun. There was a gun in play fuck fuck
John was the first to smile. “That sounds great Mum,” he agreed, shooting Sherlock a look.
“Let me talk to him.”
“It’s okay to be upset Sherlock. This was long before I met you.”
Sherlock watched them for the better part of five minutes, unclear within herself what she felt, before glancing down at her watch and starting. It was near twelve, Mycroft would be home soon with no idea where she was. A little harried, she pushed her way through the sweaty crowd and reached out to tap Joan on the shoulder.
Bushwick Public High School was disgusting all year round but, for the first day, they always made some sort of effort scrubbing at the front steps and moving the drug dealers at least two feet off the property. Cars of all sorts were pulling up to the front and students streamed in from the direction of the train, laughing and yelling for each other through the crowd.
John let his fingers rest hesitantly against Sherlock’s head and then Sherlock hummed and John’s back twitched and he couldn’t help tugging against Sherlock’s black curls.
John leaned over suddenly and kissed Sherlock’s head. “He’s so lucky to have a father like you,” he whispered gently and then padded out of the room before Sherlock could process.
“Oh dear god John, oh
Joan deftly flipped the pancake over with a little flair. “He offered me money to spy on you,” she said, meeting Sherlock’s eye with a smile hiding in the corner of her mouth. “I called him on his bluff and then told him off for being a creep. He was a little offended but then I offered to cook breakfast so I think we’re friends now. I hope you like pancakes. I couldn’t get a straight answer out of your brother- I get why you don’t get along.”
John came out of the kitchen with a dishrag slung over his shoulder and Hamish nearly gave the whole act away by bursting out into giggles. “Laurel, so good to see you again,” his Pa greeted and Laurel shook the offered hand. “Welcome to our home.”
Lestrade calls him one morning, as John’s leaving for the surgery. “Take this number down,” he orders but Sherlock’s already memorized it.
. “And Cynthia is my oldest friend. Besides, her children are just your age.”
Joan watched her, waiting for their cue, and Sherlock took a moment just to
“Sherlock,” she’s hesitant. “I love you like a son, you understand. But he’ll need care, attention on him constantly. And with your lifestyle-“
She could feel the heat of Joan’s skin through her jacket and the denim.
“John the show-“ Sherlock started but he was suddenly pressed up against a stall, John’s hands on his face as he kissed him roughly, biting down hard enough to draw blood, and Sherlock moaned.
friends John. Never have. And you- I don’t know if we’re friends or if you just tolerate me but I’m okay with that, I’m okay with
“Are you asking me if I ever cheated on you?” Sherlock asks, a touch of anger in his voice.
John expected no less than an eye roll from Harry but she merely nodded at Mycroft and headed inside, bumping John’s shoulder as she did. Mycroft strode over to the inspector and stuck out his hand.
“Jason’s dressed,” Mike Stamford, his co-counselor, announced from the front door and the boys groaned.
and if John didn’t get more he was sure he would explode. He thrusted against Sherlock’s leg, once, then twice, and Sherlock pulled back to look at him in surprise.
Not at all.
“Warning shot,” Hamish explained coldly. Sherlock had always scoffed at the practicality of his acting classes but look how useful they were now. He was rubbing this in his father’s face later. “So you know I’ll do it. Now sit the fuck down.”
“Don’t worry, they won’t,” he promised.
period of time, long before I ever met your father, I had, shall we say, a history with drugs,” he offered, uncomfortably.
“I’ll keep that in mind,” John smirked, making a note to push Sherlock into a mud pit at the earliest convenience.
“This is Sherlock, Sherlock- Mike,” John introduced as Sherlock’s mind whirled.
“Sherlock, thank god. The phone kept ringing, and you weren’t answering. I got so scared-“
feel to it. Simply put, it was a scholarship-girl hobby. Girls with money who wanted narcotics tended to choose cocaine, or heroin if they wanted to look rebellious and properly ‘slumming it.’ Sherlock had considered the whole thing infantile and a ridiculous allocation of spending money until someone had clued her in to the bliss-inducing, memory-altering effects of heroin and the work-all-night, sleep-when-dead properties of cocaine but that was a different Sherlock, in a different city.
John tried not to laugh. It was not proper father behavior to laugh at ones sons romantic problems. “Is it really?” he tried instead and Hamish launched into his usual monologue.
His fathers followed him into Mycroft’s office where his uncle was sat behind his large, ornate desk. He put on a curious expression as his nephew waltzed in and raised one, singular eyebrow.
“What would you like?” John asked as his senses returned, fingers reaching out. They hooked through Sherlock’s belt loops and tugged, pulling the boy close enough their hipbones bumped, sharp and painful. “I’d do just about anything right now.”
“I wish I’d known you as a child,” John said suddenly and Sherlock had to blink at him. “I wish I could’ve known you whenever it was that someone put this ridiculous idea in your head that you’re not worth anybody’s time.”
Hamish scrambled to wrap his arms around his papa’s legs and squeezed tight. Chloe was very sensitive about touching people and letting them touch her, so she stood a few paces behind. John made sure to smile brightly at her and she smiled shyly back.
-message deleted-
“What are you doing in London?” Sherlock pressed, trying not to notice how right Irene was, how much Chloe really did look like a young Watson. She was watching Hamish with wide eyes and an expression of such awe, Sherlock could see John in her face.
And that's it! Who knew it'd only take a global pandemic to get me to finish this little baby of mine.
John laughed gently underneath him and Sherlock felt himself relax. “I never saw him much, he was always busy. Most of my stories about him I got from Mycroft. There’s this one story he liked to tell,” Sherlock started and it came back to them, the lilt to Mycroft’s voice as he told it, the way his eyes would gaze at Sherlock as though he could see him growing younger, young enough for the pram.
Chloe shifted her blue eyes over to John, who did his best to look non-threatening. “We have a son who’s just your age. He’d love to have someone to play with,” John mentioned and Chloe turned back to Sherlock.
And so that was how Sherlock found himself standing in John’s room the next night, letting John mess his hair gently with his fingertips.
“You didn’t mean to,” Sherlock tells him, reaching out.
“You can’t what?” he asked and Sherlock sighed. This was hard enough as it was.
“He’s-“ Sherlock started but then Sebastian laughed out loud.
We're finally here, kids
John’s bags sat like a taunt in the front hall and Sherlock watched him swing it over his shoulder, holding his own hands to keep from lashing out and grabbing it, throwing it across the room.
turning into a romantic sod. It was horrifying.
“Where’d you learn to mix drinks?” Sherlock asked, because she had a feeling that was what people did, and took another, smaller sip of her drink.
“Did you catch their boss?” his Papa asked quietly and he could feel his Daddy’s head nodding next to his own but he wasn’t really paying attention. All Hamish wanted to do was go to sleep.
John blinked, getting his bearings a minute. “You- what?”
“I completely understand,” Sherlock promised and Hamish practically beamed at him. “Your father once bought me a book on the subject. It was fairly ridiculous with animals substituting humans in some complex analogy but it cleared a lot of things up.”
“Don’t get mad,” John asked, leaning back to kiss his nose. “We’re going to have fun.”
John was no expert at blowjobs. He was only seventeen, for god’s sake, and you could hardly expect him to be some sort of sex prodigy. But there was no doubt in his mind that Sherlock was. As the boy’s tongue did things John was sure he couldn’t do if you gave him a million years to practice, John had to thread his fingers painfully through Sherlock’s hair to stop himself from screaming.
“Then what?”
“-and to have faith, is to have wings,” they quoted together and John burst into tears, hugging Sherlock tighter than he had believed he ever could.
“The medicine is going to help you,” he promised. “Why don’t you turn over and I’ll rub your back?”
Sherlock stopped to count. So far, they’d had sex four times, and all of them had been sober. John had helpfully tagged them in Sherlock’s mind palace as
Sherlock said nothing as Joan wiped the rest of the blood away and reached back into the kit for a band-aide and some ointment. Instead she watched the way Joan’s blonde strands fell over each other, none of them the exact same shade, until they formed a layered collection of something thick and bright.
“I clearly haven’t,” John finally said and Sherlock scoffed underneath him.
John was so startled, it took him a minute to realize what the noise was. “It’s my mobile,” he said finally, looking over to the bedside table that held their phones.
“It’s always rainy in London, love,” John ruffled his son’s hair and Hamish leaned into the touch. The boy adored affection; Sherlock often remarked he was like a dog begging for petting. “You’ll get used to it.”
“Take the kids to breakfast,” John told Mike over the stall door. “I’ll bring him to the nurse’s shack.”
“You guys can stop playing pretend now,” he said, releasing them, and John looked crushed.
“Tell me about your family,” John said suddenly, arms crossed beneath his head and Sherlock turned to him in surprise. “I mean, you know all about mine. Only fair, really,” he offered and Sherlock lay back down, letting out one long breath.
So there's been a bit of confusion as to where our boys actually are. Basically, I'm not really sure. I'm a Brit who went to sleep-away in America, so this thing's gonna be a whole mess of both cultures. If you'd like, you can imagine it's in a mythical land where both Brits and Americans live in harmony :)
And as stupid and sentimental as Sherlock would have labeled that small pep talk, it helped.
, she might possible have sex sometimes. With him.
“Yeah,” John agreed, pulling them closer with a needy whimper. “Yours.”
“Are too.”
A month into her friendship with Joan and she’d tried to masturbate for the first time in two years. It had gone poorly, and so had the next three attempts. But eventually she’d gotten herself to a place where she could get off and get herself to sleep if she needed to. Since April those times alone had gotten more intense, she’d admit, maybe even more enjoyable but nothing had really quite prepared her for what it would mean to let herself unravel in the presence and the hands of someone who loved her, who told her she loved her every single chance she got.
“Where from?” Joan asked, and Sherlock had to remind herself that Joan was just being friendly. These were normal questions to ask someone; the blonde wasn’t digging for anything.
“We shouldn’t laugh,” Sherlock protested weakly as John moved him onto his back against the pillows. “This is serious.”
“Hamish,” John gasped breathlessly, immediately checking him over for injuries.
“Hey, Greg’s basically a real uncle,” he protested and then grinned up at the waitress that came over. “I’ll just have a coke, thanks. Unc?”
“That’s an awful motto,” John said honestly and Sherlock found himself agreeing.
“Yes!” Hamish agreed, running to the other side of the massive kitchen to fetch pots from the big wooden cabinet. “I can do that, easy!”
*phone call 11:30 pm*
“He is,” Mycroft said, trying not to get defensive. He had done very little in his life to make it seem as though he liked his nephew very much. “Anthe- I should say
to medical school or was that doctorate simply one of those things they give you after you’re shot? A primate with a mobile would be more use to me then you!” Sherlock abused, teeth bared in a terrifying snarl.
“Sherlock, I’m not leaving my sister’s wedding early just to have you shag me,” he protests firmly, even as he bends down to nip quickly at Sherlock’s neck.
“You should’ve, that would have been immensely helpful,” Sherlock glared back, laughing with his own eyes and the two shared a knowing look that John called their ‘conspiracy faces.’
“So the condoms…and the lube…and the bloody test results,” John pieced it together out loud as Sherlock set down her violin gently, “that was you propositioning me.”
“I need to get back to Uni,” Mycroft said in lieu of an answer and he headed inside to pack.
Sherlock turned on him and John froze. “Know you?” he said sharply. “I know everything about you just by looking at you.”
“Master Sherlock! Door for you,” and they ran downstairs.
to these things.
“I hardly see the benefit of preforming this walking experiment twice. I collected more than sufficient data from the last walk,” Sherlock insisted, following John down the path.
“Yes, yes, of course,” he insisted, squeezing. “I just wasn’t sure if you-“
“Well, I can’t get you a blonde,” Mary laughed. “But I may have- Irene!”
“But how will I know just by looking at a house?” Hamish asked, confused.
“I seem to have no other plans,” Sherlock informed him, keeping his tone light.
“Talk to me Sherlock, what’s going on?” Riley called and John could see Sherlock on his waveboard paddling over to Harry, who held onto the rock climbing landing rope with one hand and his leg with the other. The black-haired teen took out a walkie in a water-proof bag and his voice, distorted and staticy, came over the radio.
“Where is it?” he demanded, plastering on his ‘stern father’ face that Hamish and Sherlock enjoyed mocking together behind his back.
But as they stood in the main field of camp waiting for their busses on Friday, John knew his luck had run out. For coming up the hill to wait with them were three of the lifeguards and Sherlock’s mop of black stood out like a sore thumb.
“Do you really believe that?” Joan asked gently, leaning forward to stick the band-aide over the wound and Sherlock pointedly did not look down the towel.
“It’s why I came here,” Hamish said patiently, leaning back, and Annemarie smiled warmly at him.
Clara smiles at him, wide eyed. “That’s amazing,” she admits, awed.
“You’ll what?” she taunted, spine tense. “Report them to the administration? Ask for a meeting with the principal with you as my legal guardian?”
interesting.
“What on earth are you doing?”
Sherlock stared up at him in utter awe, cupid-bow mouth open in utter surprise. “John,” he said, his voice more fragile than glass, “you’re
the experience for as long as possible. Whatever it took.”
John sighed. “You learn a lot of things from a drunk parent. How to wait. How to expect very little. How to be happy with what you get.” He looked up at Sherlock, smiling. “You make it easy. You give so much.”
“If you’re getting personal, clearly you’re not happy with just hooking up,” she noted and John could’ve kissed her.
you-“
She turns to face the back staunchly, and holds out one hand. “I would like to thank that beautiful man in the back of the tent,” Harry smiles as she lets two tears fall silently. “Mycroft Holmes, my best friend in this whole world.
-call disconnected-
-          John
How are things with that inspector?
179 days
“No!”
“What are you-“ Sherlock started but stopped as John took his skin in his mouth and started to work at it, biting it gently and sucking hard enough to leave a bruise- purple and mouth-shaped.
“in my dreams,” she said softly aloud. “He’s still in my dreams,” and it was a confession even though they both knew. Even though the walls in this apartment were so thin, it was impossible he didn’t hear her screaming when she woke up- 3 am in a blind panic.
When Year Nine started, Sherlock started smoking and none of John’s complaints would make him stop.
Also I am aware it's been two years. I'm really sorry, you can yell at me in the comments. But I will be finishing this- pinkie promise.
“Hamish, darling, do you remember two years ago when some not nice bad men took you from the house?” he started, unsure how to explain the situation.
“I saw one of my army buddies today,” John smiles at him, kissing his cheek. “I invited her for dinner Sunday. Will you help me clean up?”
“I said leave me alone!” she yelled. “For fuck’s sake, stop following me everywhere!”
“The paws, John! The paws,” Sherlock realized excitedly. “Why is there mud on the paws but no blood under the claws?”
“You saw Mycroft and me put on suits,” Sherlock reminded him.
Shulamith looked impressed. “Well that’s excellent,” she beamed and Joan looked ready to faint. “What sort of actions have you planned?”
“I’ll have a Greek salad,” Mycroft ordered. “And he will have a deli sandwich- yes,” he insisted, meeting Hamish’s protesting look. “Let me feed you; it eases me.”
“Do you remember the names of the stars?” John asked so softly Sherlock almost missed it. “I was afraid you might have deleted it-“
“What did mum want?” John asked and the two of them moved fluidly down the hallway, talking rapidly.
“What happened?”
“Hey John!” one of his kids, James, waved frantically at him from atop the slide. “Watch me go down!”
Sherlock took in a shuddering breath. "I'll hold you to your word," he teased, smiling against John's mouth. He stepped back a pace to look the unassuming counselor up and down.
When John was sixteen he realized with a sort of finality that he was never going to have Sherlock Holmes. And so he set off on the singular mission to shag every girl in their year, the year above and below who resembled the boy.
now, large wet sobs that sent fat teardrops rolling down his cheek. “I want eat with Papa, I want eat with Papa, I want eat with Papa!”
“I won’t grow up,” John laughed, bringing one knee up to his chest and wrapping his arms around it. “Promise.”
John wandered over to Mycroft as Sherlock swung Hamish up into the air and coaxed a giggle out of him. “Thank you for this, Mycroft,” John said softly and his brother-in-law nodded. “I know he won’t say it but we really appreciate this. We need this, to be perfectly honest.”
Sherlock scoffs. “We’d adopt. Or use a surrogate.”
“I was told there was a party,” the lifeguard said awkwardly, peering in. “May I come in?”
"Why don't you go handle my paperwork and get me out of here?" John delegated and Sherlock, aware he'd been cut off mid-rant, nodded and move to sweep out. He stopped, meeting his husband's eyes one more time.
he remembered in a rush.
“Knob turns left for hot, right for cold,” Joan explained. “Make sure you lock the top lock, our weird neighbor Tom has a spare key somehow. And take my sandals.”
They went over each other’s scars, whispering origin stories
“It’s the inspector,” he stage-whispered and Hamish took the phone, his face schooled serious as he held it to his ear.
“I promise,” he repeated, forgetting for a moment that he abhorred repetition and the dinner bell rang but they both ignored it. They weren’t hungry.
“You can write me letters. I get phone calls once a week you know. And there’s leave. I get leave every six months or so. I’ll see you,” he promised and he felt Sherlock relax underneath him.
, he realized, shocked at his own delusions. He really had dreamed of it all fading away, of John changing his mind. Of it all being a cosmic mistake. That letter changed everything.
to know, he says, “Guy, actually.”
“The baby?”
“You think this is posh,” Sherlock grumbled, pulling on his own trunks. “I don’t want you walking into Sebastian’s house. Your head might explode.”
John’s nightmares drive rifts down the center of their bed. They don’t cuddle. Cuddling is dangerous. They don’t even fuck, most days. John is still healing, a mess of scar tissue and mind wounds. Sherlock misses him, inches away. It feels like miles.
“Look at it this way,” Sherlock offered, trying not to laugh, “at least he drew you taller than the flowers.”
“Later John, I need to prepare,” he excused as he swanned out the door. John glared at the empty doorway for a minute, upset but entirely unsurprised at the usual turn of events, before starting on lunch.
“Relax highness,” John smiled, flipping over to float on his back and giving Sherlock an irresistible view, “the fun’s just starting.”
and his personal favorite,
“The answer will always be no, Mycroft,” Joan replied but with such joy, Sherlock could see Mycroft internally struggling to look displeased. “Have a good day at work!”
“Say it again.”
There was a bed in the living room, behind the Chinese screen, that Sherlock knew had belonged to Joan’s mother before she’d left Joan to live with her new husband on the Upper West Side and pretend she had no previous marriage and no children. They never used it, out of respect or discomfort Sherlock didn’t know, but it seemed too presumptuous now for them to move into the little bedroom behind the only door in the apartment. So instead that was where Joan led her, folding back the screen so the bed lay in the mid-afternoon sunlight. Joan lay down and Sherlock lay right next to her, and for a few minutes they stayed there side-by-side listening to the record until Joan turned just slightly to face her and asked, “shirt on or off?”
“I’ve just come from Edinburgh; I dare say I deserve tea.”
Sherlock thought about it a minute before shaking his head. “No it’s not. That would be-“
They airlifted him to London for better care and Sherlock visited him in the hospital after hours. He climbed in through the window to John’s room at night like a ghost and John nearly laughed out loud.
“That’s what we’re here to do; tonight, and every night. For the sake of our own liberation, we must learn to overcome this damage done to ourselves by internalization. We must begin to reverse the systematic crushing of women’s egos by constructing alternate selves that are healthy, independent, and self-assertive. We must, in short, help each other to transfer the ultimate power of judgement about the value of our lives from men to ourselves.
“Hello Hamish,” he sighed into the phone.
“Yeah, but he’s your first, right?” Victor asks, fingers drawing patterns on Sherlock’s ankle. “Your first everything?”
“What’s sex?” he asked and John physically covered Sherlock’s mouth to keep from answering. Honestly, after six years of fatherhood, John had hoped the man’s parenting skills would have improved. Granted, he was as loving a father as a Sherlock could be. He rarely said “I love you,” but then again he rarely even said it to John. The emotion was glaringly obvious though in the way he tucked the small boy into bed, the way he sat through hours of inane children’s programs because Hamish adored them, the way he bragged to anyone who would listen about Hamish’s latest successful experiment. But his censoring needed work.
“Wash it with my laundry detergent. You can get it from Harry.”
Sherlock flushed happily. He wasn’t sure why, maybe it was because John was the only person who ever
John followed him from the crime scene as the officers stared in utter shock. Once they were a good distance away, Sherlock grabbed his hand, pulled him into an alley and shoved him up against a wall.
Joan seemed surprised for a second and Sherlock panicked that maybe it had only been one of those offers-to-be-polite and she’d been meant to refuse when Joan smiled again, brighter this time, and gestured with her shoulder. “C’mon, it’s just a few blocks this way.”
“No, everything’s good. Just wanted to let you know I got two would-be kidnappers sitting on my couch if you wouldn’t mind swinging over and picking them up. No, no, I’m fine,” Hamish promised as his Uncle started panicking on the other line. “Yeah I know it’s like the second time this month. But if you could hurry up- perfect. See you soon.”
“Devotion,” Sherlock grinned and John loved those eyes.
shaking. Why was he shaking?
“I shouldn’t have to ask; that’s the point of it all,” Sherlock grumbled, put out.
“You never seen two girls kiss before?” Cammy teased and Sherlock flashed back, almost instantly, to Joan in the bar with that ridiculous model of a woman, Mary, and hated the way her body clenched with it.
“He’s got another one, boss,” Moran announced from the corner, holding Sherlock’s phone. The room was small and square, with no windows and only one door, and even for irony’s sake a naked light bulb hanging from a wire. Sherlock was in a chair in the center of the room, hands tied behind his back, and John-the-Bear sat precariously next to the chair.
“We should-“ John started but Mary held him back.
John diligently checked the bottle. “Strawberry,” he announced and Hamish opened up, drinking down the pink stuff. He coughed at the tail end of it and John handed him his tea, helping him drink some and settle back down.
“Is it so hard to believe I legitimately care what happened to you today?”
“You’re going to kill me, you git. You know that, right?” he groaned in lieu of an intelligent response and Sherlock only hummed, adding a third finger in an attempt to make John see stars. He succeeded.
“It’s okay,” Sherlock said, his forehead resting against John’s, their breath intermingling. “Everyone leaves me. My father, Mycroft, my mother. She sent me off to boarding school rather than leave but it’s simply semantics. It was wrong of me to expect otherwise from you.”
“I imagine that had I waited other ten years to meet you, I would be a very different person,” Sherlock ruminated.
“Oh love.”
“Wrong again!” he shouted, turning maniacal. “Two for two, you’re losing your touch Sherly. No,” he stopped and moved the chair away, turning to face Sherlock head on. “We’re just going to send a message.”
John shook his head in shock. “It’s like I’m dating an alien,” he marveled. “Or someone who’s been living under a rock for years.”
,” Sherlock started and then stopped as John took him in his mouth and then everything was just shades of brilliant color and Sherlock couldn’t get air into his lungs as his fingers grasped on to the edges of the stall.
“Hell no, it was an awful mess,” he said, chuckling to himself and Sherlock relaxed as he realized John wasn’t laughing at him.
Sherlock swallowed. “You mean-“
“Yes?”
“Hate you,” John groaned, sinking down into his seat. “I liked this movie.”
Hamish beamed with the name for his new love. “Cello then. I want to play the cello.”
“Deliriously,” he promised and the two boys raced upstairs.
“Nothing public school,” John teased and while Sherlock didn’t crack a smile, his eyes twinkled with unshed laughter. John was getting better at reading the strange boy’s numerous expressions. This one practically screamed
expression.
Sherlock swallowed nervously and nodded after a beat, ducking back inside as the kettle rang. Sighing, John turned back to the couch, pulling over an armchair so he could look Hamish in the eye. Said boy was kicking his dangling feet back against the bottom of the couch, making various sound effects for his action figures, but he set them down as his Papa sat down.
“I’m not leaving you.”
Lestrade’s face softens. “I’m sorry,” he says honestly. “Is there something I can do?”
“Hey,” Joan was suddenly back by her side. She’d put on lipstick in the bathroom and it made her mouth softer. “A bunch of us are going to a bar downtown. You wanna come with?”
It was just past four am. Dawn was in a half hour but right now it was still dark and cool, the air holding them. “Are you okay to get home?” Joan asked and Sherlock nodded.
“God, how do you do that?”
He was pretty sure it was his Papa, his Daddy never said ‘I love you,’ but Papa always said that was because Daddy liked to show his love rather than say it. But it didn’t really matter. Here was where he felt safe.
Moran opened the phone to read John’s text, as he had done for the last six texts. “Seriously Sherlock, where are you? This really isn’t funny anymore.”
He looked like bliss.
Sherlock took a breath with the rest of the room, trying not to giggle. She looked over at Joan, expecting to see the blonde holding back the same grin, but Joan was already staring back at her, looking terrified. Something was wrong, something was terribly wrong, what had she missed, what was happening?
she’d said
He landed at the bottom with an almighty splash and looked up to find John grinning madly at him before he barreled down too, splashing water over the sides.
“And panic attacks?” he asks and she gets up.
John looked at Sherlock, eyes wide and actually frightened, and his shoulders visibly relaxed. “Fine,” he said softly, reaching up his thumb to graze Sherlock’s cheek. They turned to go when the boy snickered and muttered,
both sides of his brain agreed.
“That’s incredibly useful, where did you learn that?” he asked, coming off with a pop and John could have screamed.
“Come,” John said softly, sliding out of Sherlock and tying off the condom. “Let’s go get cleaned up.”
“Would you kill for him?” Mycroft asked, looking over at the rest stop bathroom.
” he sighed, his words tumbling into groans of pleasure.
“I’m dropping Chemistry.”
-call disconnected-
“Kids will be kids, right?” he laughed and Sherlock had had enough.
“If there’s one thing you’re good at John, it’s making things better,” she reassured him turning down the dirt road to camp. “I have complete faith in you.”
John laughed. “I think we should get you back to your mummy, Angelica. She’s probably worried.”
“Good,” he muttered, his body flooding with pleasure. “Great, you’re doing perfect. Now move your tongue-
“Very good, what else?”
There was a beat of silence before Hamish offered, “There was a thunderstorm last night and I hadded to teach Uncle Mycroft how to do a cuddle-pile. He didn’t even know, isn’t that silly?... No, I’m still in his bed; it’s like a whole big puddle in here. You coulded fit a hundred elephants in here and they’d all be comfortidable!”
He’s bleeding, bleeding bad, I got him in the femoral artery and there’s not much I can do. So I bend down to try
John bit his lip. “More than we’d like to, yes. But we’ve never had one living with us.”
“He doesn’t,” Sherlock promises, desperate. “He has these… nightmares. PTSD dreams. He lashes out-“
“I want you,” Sherlock said and John let his head fall back, hitting the hard ground beneath him. He was going to regret this in every muscle in his body by tomorrow. “Fuck. Okay, yes,” he groaned and Sherlock kissed his offered chest through the fabric of his t-shirt.  And then he was reaching around John, pulling at his bag, and rifling through until he took out the small tin, packed with the intention of being used on chapped hands.
After they’d all rushed the field, and Joan had been lifted and paraded on her teammates shoulders into the locker room, Sherlock following along by the twist of Joan’s hand. After Joan had made a rousing speech about perseverance and dedication, she’d straightened up on the bench she’d been standing on and declared, “Let’s get fuckin blitzed!”
“I’m sorry, again. For leaving you alone at the party,” John said and Sherlock blinked.
Sherlock sighed and John knew he was rolling his eyes. “His trousers. Look at his trousers. Stainless. No servant has trousers like that unless they’re new. And why would he have to buy new ones unless he’d had something incriminating on the old ones. Something like blood-splatter.”
But he did, he
“Who’s the Prime Minister?” John complied, starting to look scared.
“Of course not,” Sherlock protested and squeezed, their heads intimately close. “John,” he started hesitantly, “I know I don’t say this very often but I want you to know that I-“
Sherlock paused a moment before answering. “She’s conflicted. Such… relationships as ours are frowned upon in her circles.”
The track switched on the record and once the singer had managed a few words, Joan paused in their kissing to chuckle wetly against Sherlock’s tongue, her palms roving up and down the xylophone of Sherlock’s ribs.
“You’re gonna have to make it better than
“It grazed the thimble around your chest and hit your shoulder instead,” they explained to him after he’d emerged from his morphine haze. “We’ve never seen anything like it. It’s a miracle.”
“Bunch of traffickers like that won’t hesitate to kill her,” the inspector agreed. “We’re going to have to keep her in some form of protection. Donovan, do we have any foster homes with witness protection?”
Hamish’s teacher seemed to snap out of the trance she’d fallen into. “Yes, thank you so much for coming,” she parroted and John reached out to shake her hand before nudging Sherlock to do the same.
was exactly was hard to think about, but she’d at least expected Joan to bring it up during one of their long makeouts on the couch or in Joan’s twin. Instead April had become May which turned to June and not much had changed. They had two weeks left of school- Joan’s last year- and then a busy summer with each of them working odd jobs to pay for groceries and new albums before Sherlock started her senior year and Joan began commuting to Brooklyn College.
It took John a second to realize the silence that engulfed them was not simply his own mind tuning out the world, but the veritable silence that had descended over the garden at their kiss. Cautiously, he pulled back, hands still around Sherlock’s neck, and suddenly remembered that absolutely no one present had seen them kiss before.
Hey dude. We’re all worried about you. You’ve been walking like a zombie for the past two weeks. You okay man?
It was a low blow and they both knew it. Mycroft looked so guilty that for a brief flash, Sherlock regretted her words. But then she watched her brother put his guards back up, mask sliding into place and she remembered why they didn’t eat dinner together very often. “Sherlock-“
“Why does Mycroft have-“ he started to ask and Sherlock shuddered.
On the other end, John laughed. “I’m surprised you don’t already know. I’m alright, just a bit banged up. Sherlock’s okay too, before you ask. He got out of surgery a couple of hours ago and the doctors said he’s stable.”
“Why on earth would they be?”  she wondered and really, why would they be? What did men gain by having women equal to them? Women they couldn’t abuse, take advantage of,
interesting,” Jim groaned and Sherlock’s head shot up against his will. “But you’re just like the rest of them. Falling in love with such an
“The first is your brain, don’t worry,” John promised him, running his fingers through Sherlock’s curls.
“No, it’s the kitchen, do try to be intelligent,” Sherlock snapped. He walked over to a door on the wall. “This connects to my room, apparently Mummy had high hopes for our friendship. You will never use it, understand?”
The night seemed to stretch on till forever, suspended in a world where John was not leaving tomorrow, trapped in minutes stuck in time. The sun set and the stars came out but still, it was not night because night meant morning. And morning meant a military base miles away.
-who was gone. Sherlock was alone.
“Don’t get too comfortable with him,” John said, voice a bit broken, but Sherlock had the good sense not to point it out. “I’ll be back before you know.”
“What?”
Chloe let out a surprised giggle and Hamish seemed encouraged. “Do you wanna hear about the other gods I saw in the museum?” he asked and Chloe nodded quickly, leaning into him.
, John thought and then thought nothing else as he stood up and applauded. The table burst into applause as the brothers set down their instruments and bowed, a tip of their heads, but John was already striding over to Sherlock.
*phone call- 7 pm*
“Let’s go to Nando’s every day, John,” Sherlock asked between fits of giggles.
“So which was it?” Sherlock asked as they were walking back from dinner. The whole event had ended better than it had started, with Sherlock and John managing to converse for a moment without killing each other.
“You say that like it’s news.”
Chloe loved her. It didn’t make the separation any less tearful. Visits were promised, emails were exchanged, and Hamish and Chloe hugged for ages, never quite letting go. Amelia gave Chloe’s aunts the numbers of a few child therapists in the area before promising to be in touch and leaving herself.
“Hey kiddo,” Greg smiled, reached out to clap him on the arm. “Great job.”
“Goodnight, Sherlock,” Mycroft murmured wearily, the air of a man fully aware of his failures and powerless to fix them. The Chi-Lites were crooning
“She was a friend of Harry’s,” he said quietly and Sherlock did the math.
“And you’re just an overgrown child,” John reminded him. “You’ll love it. They have a dog park.”
“Yeah okay, okay.”
There was a general murmur of agreement to that sound plan and Sherlock was allowed to take a seat in the broken circle. He stuck his tongue out at John across the way and John grinned back before Sherlock spoke.
195 days Sherlock.
Lestrade was openly staring now, puzzling out who Mycroft was talking to. He made his next line clear as a precaution. “Yes well, there’s been a bit of an incident. Hamish has told you what his parents do?”
“We’re starting this club for a lot of reasons. Mostly, because we need to. Because no one stands up for women in this country. Because if we do not protect ourselves, there is no one else who will. Because we are sick of being treated like children only to have our rights and decisions ripped from our own hands.”
It was the sort of kiss you sunk into, their mouths slowly opening each other- slick slide of tongue and skin against skin. John tasted like coffee and musk and something he’d grown used to and it pleased him, selfishly, to know he’d been the only one to taste this for a long time. John wrapped his hands around Sherlock’s waist, anchoring himself, and Sherlock let one hand cup John’s check before gently nipping at his bottom lip.
“The papers,” Richards demanded, holding out his hand and Sherlock gestured to the one still left on his desk, their copy of the original.
“He never lied to me before,” he confessed and Mycroft rested one hand on John’s shoulder, a mockery of comfort, but John was grateful for it anyway.
“Sherlock,” John warned, looking up at the boy already flushed and sweating. “This is going to hurt.”
Hamish reached across the table for a biscuit, chewing on a corner of it seriously for a minute before announcing, “Papa, I have a little problem.”
and there John’s breathing faltered, on that one name, and Sherlock gave him a moment before continuing. ”He didn’t hate me. And I didn’t know what to do with that. It was unique. I wanted to…
The first time John has a panic attack, Sherlock feels helpless. He watches him go under, screaming John’s name until his lungs go out and it doesn’t work. None of it works. And so he holds him till the shaking stops and lets go when John limps to the bathroom to wash his face.
“Because I wanted to,” he admitted and he heard John take in a shaky breathe.
Sherlock had been right. The servant was the murderer.
“Let me throw these in the oven,” Cammy said, coming around Sherlock and her cutting board, and scooping the cubed potatoes into a tin. “The natives are getting restless, and hash browns might just calm them down.”
“The police told me you were very clever and pretended to have an asthma attack,” his Daddy murmured into his ear, unconsciously rocking him side to side. “Where did you think of that from?”
They took a rowboat out to the middle of the lake, John content to just stare at Sherlock as he rowed them deeper out before finally asking,
The idea of the incredibly brilliant and easily bored teen sitting through a whole film with John in the dilapidated cinema that occupied the small town near the camp made John want to laugh. But Sherlock’s next words knocked the very breath out of him.
“I wanted to be able to concentrate fully,” Sherlock explained.
“Oi, Sherlock!” he called into the living room, striding in with the paper in his hand. The woman in question was lounged out carefully in her armchair, a newspaper held casually in her hands. She didn’t even bother looking up, the prat.
“We are,” Hamish answered and his parents turned to him. “Our family is worth this. And we’re not the same if you both can’t do what you love. And I’m not leaving London. This is my home.”
“Actually, there’s a cast party I kinda want to go to,” he excused and his Pa immediately turned back to him.
Mycroft chuckled, amused. “Pace yourself, Hamish,” he advised, slipping on his own apron. “After the disaster with last week’s Croquembouche, let’s not rush.”
“If they so much as touch you-“ John started to threaten but Sherlock shook his head.
Sherlock brightened a bit at the word and Mycroft sighed.
John understood immediately because he’d been Sherlock’s best friend for seven years and they knew each other blind. “Yeah,” he admitted. “But normal’s boring, right?”
Hamish nodded. “Daddy taught it to me when you made him throw out a ‘speriment to make room for my birthday cake.”
“Papa, stop Mrs. Anthea!” he demanded and John sprung forth into action, following the PA out of the office and dragging her back in a few moments later with her hands held behind her back.
His mobile rang the second practice ended. “Don’t come over tonight,” Sherlock instructed and hung up before John could ask why. And so John slept in his own bed that night, cold and unfamiliar, and shoved a chest of drawers in front of his door when he heard his father’s car in the driveway.
Sherlock blinked at her. Behind Joan, girls were clumped into groups, planning out flyer ideas and thinking up petitions. But this was not her life. She didn’t make waves. She didn’t fight anyone. She kept her goddamn mouth shut no matter how fucking unfair it was.
“Till death do us part,” Sherlock promised and nothing, nothing, was more serious in that moment.
“Food party!” John yelled as soon as the boys were all piled into B221 and his kids roared. The suitcases had all been put outside and on a truck, and the bunk was near empty except for the massive amounts of snack the boys had never finished and hadn’t had room for in their suitcases.
“Six years,” Sherlock supplied and John swore again. “His oldest daughter’s five.”
“When we go down,” John offered as they ran up the queues. “I want to hear you scream.”
“It’s my turn to get tonight started so I’ll do my best,” she said, her voice clear and strong over the silent, crowded room. “Hi, I’m Anne Koedt, welcome to the November meeting of the New York Radical Feminists.”
“In comparison, this letter pales,” Sherlock continued. “My mother said Mycroft came to her and my father with a slideshow, complete with graphs. Then again, he was a year older than Hamish-“
“Sherlock,” Mycroft murmured, sitting down on the coffee table to they were eye to eye.
John understood immediately. “I guess you’re really smart,” he said gently, trying not to stare. Sherlock might have been the poshest person in all of Camp Baker. “I mean,” he corrected himself, “I know you’re smart. You see everything.”
For two days John avoided Sherlock like the plague. It wasn’t incredibly difficult, the boys didn’t have swim and Mike had been harping on John for leaving him alone with kids for far too many nights. But as Wednesday morning bloomed bright and vivid, he knew the universe had other, more pale and milky plans for him.
“I found the kid,” someone said and then everything went fuzzy.
Hamish gave in and the waitress smirked at them. “If that’s all,” she started and, at Hamish’s nod, retreated.
“We can take shifts,” Mike suggested. “Tell them a bedtime story and head out. Stay an hour and give me a turn.”
“We can do that,” Mary smiled, leaning on John’s arm. “You have a type Sherlock?”
“Opened my mouth,” she tried at a joke, surprising herself at her own good mood. “I had a bit of a misunderstanding with a classmate of mine but it’s no worry; we’re all made up now.”
“Do you hate your kids?” Sherlock asked him as soon as his head cleared the top of the slide. He was the very picture of casual, sitting back against the wall of the slide, legs crossed beneath him, and John could vividly remember what that hair felt like between his fingers.
“Well,” John said seriously, “I do have quite a few of these on you.”
you Sherlock.”
“Calmest way to die,” he said, his voice utterly steady.
“How does that not warrant a hospital?” he demanded.
John padded downstairs to find Sherlock on the couch, lounged out. He looked up as John entered and moved his feet, making space for the man to crash down.
“And excellent idea,’ Sherlock commended, his first compliment of Lestrade in years, before taking Chloe’s other hand and leading the solemn band outside.
Joan giggled and went back into her shower. “I just can’t believe any of this. First the club, then Shulamith and now soccer? Everything’s coming up roses all of a sudden.”
Sherlock shifted uncomfortably in the child-sized chair he’d been offered alongside his husband. “It’s not like we had much choice in the matter,” he grumbled and John took over.
“Yes, actually,” she informed them and both men startled. Not from NSY, Sherlock suspected Mycroft involvement, Agent Clarkson had been assigned to find some remnant of Chloe’s family, or next of kin, with no success in five weeks. John had quietly begun to give up hope.
“Strenuous exercise one hour before sleep prevents nightmares,” Sherlock said and John’s eyes widened. He didn’t mention he’d read up on all the relevant research on nightmares in a 26 hour period, skimming blogs and papers and outdated sourcebooks. That felt like the kind of information one might deem
Sherlock felt a smile threatening to break through his face. “Yes, alright,” he encouraged and Hamish opened the door. “And Hamish-“ he called and his son turned around. “Good luck.”
“You idiot,” Sally glared at him and the forensic pathologist slunk away towards the kitchen. Hamish turned on his uncle, stepping closer.
Which one was that?
She paused before going on. “We’re neighbors. I live two houses down from him in Mayfair. We used to hang out all the time, he tolerated me, you know?” and John did, and it hurt him like a knife.
Hamish nodded and they were still sitting there, curled up in each other, when the door opened an hour later and Chloe came out looking pale and tired. Hamish jumped off John’s lap to run to her and present her with his chocolate, which she took with a weak smile.
, desperately needing to be closer, closer.
“You wanna get changed too?” Mike asked him as they helped their kids collect their towels from the clothes line outside the bunks.
“I wouldn’t dream of taking you home early,” Sherlock winks and twirls John out, catching him in a dip that makes the watchers on the sides gasp. “That’s why cupboards were invented.”
He won’t talk to me.
and Sherlock could only allow himself to imagine. Other boys his age would entertain lewd thoughts, wouldn’t they? Normal boys would make comments like
“This is how people dance, Sherlock,” John laughed, repeating the motion, and Sherlock suddenly understood the expression
“Alight, that’s enough,” Joan shouted and Sherlock blinked herself back to the present. “It’s Friday and that play only made me want to tear about half my hair out so you can go ten minutes early. Practice over the weekend, you goddamn spazzes.”
Lady Montage, or Jenny Samuels, was just asking Benvolio, his mate Christopher, how the brawl had started when Hamish heard what sounded like the auditorium doors crashing open. There was a general shushing and someone murmuring “so sorry,” and Hamish felt his face lift into a grin.
“Do you each want individual rooms-“ the hotel clerk droned and Victoria turned to survey her troops.
“Come swim!” John urged and Sherlock could have
“Oh, sorry if that came out harsh, you don’t an invitation or anything. Welcome,” Marta smiled warmly at them, “We’re gonna get started in a few minutes with some general remarks before splitting off. Until then, grab a snack or a drink if you’d like. You can also sign up for our monthly newsletter if you wanna stay informed of what we’re up to- a year’s subscription is $3.00.”
“I wasn’t sure you had a brother at all,” Sherlock offered and John quieted. “That was the leap, but a good one. Your face was my conformation and I moved from there.”
“Made friends?”
It's not a chapter until someone cries at the end! I promised feels and I deliver- don't you worry.
“Nina Gonzales, age 34, left the world this week without an angel. Nina worked as a nurse in Mount Sinai Hospital and leaves behind her husband and three sons. She died from a fatal fall from the roof of her apartment building’, and then it has the address to send flowers to-  so obviously the scene of the crime as well.” She folded back up and looked up to find Joan staring at her with her puzzling-it-out face on. “I know it says fall but it’s clearly a jump, the language is stilted and hurt, whoever wrote it wasn’t happy with Nina when they did so not accident, but suicide.”
“We don’t have leaders or anything like that, so don’t ask me any questions or anything. But that’s a little about who we are for the new sisters. Now, agenda for tonight,” here she paused to take out a list from her pocket and unfold it and the crowd around her burst into applause and cheers. She took it good-naturedly before raising her hand and reading from her list. “First, we’re gonna take a few minutes to talk about feelings from Monday’s rally and then split into groups of no more than fifteen to discuss action plans for the January march to Washington. That means everything from transportation to signs to sit-in ideas. We may reconvene at the end, we may not depending on time so make sure someone in your group is taking notes and drops those notes off with tonight’s unofficial secretary Betty, in the back, so we can compile and address them at December’s meeting. That all clear?”
Sarah’s at his side, taking his hands off the bullet hole to begin surgery. Other people would be screaming by now. But she’s a good doctor, she’s calm, the teeth marks in her bottom lip the only sign she’s falling apart inside.
But the world went on and on Wednesday morning, Mike, bless his soul, ushered the kids out of the bunk as quietly at fifteen fourth-graders could manage to let John sleep. And sleep John did, until the general
Joan had asked and Sherlock had thought about it while they walked up and down the tight aisles looking for a chips flavor they both liked enough to waste the money they’d gotten from Nicole Winter for helping her find her lost dog.
Sherlock ride turned out to be one of the nurse’s assistants who was going on a coffee run into town. John couldn’t, for the life of him, remember the poor boy’s name. Sherlock slid into the town car without so much as a sigh but John paused, hand on the door.
CW: safe and consensual drug and alcohol usage (or as safe as such usage can be)
“Yeah it’s-“ Sherlock assured and John rubbed against it again, cutting the boy off as his breath hitched. “Oh,” Sherlock mouthed in wonder at the heat pooling through him. “
“Who remembers what the last thing that happened was?” John asked and a chorus of sleepy voices informed him very hurriedly that last night he’d left off with Oliver Cromes, the double-agent spy for MI5, on the edge of a very steep cliff surrounded by Russians.
“Cause everyone says you’re a sociopath but you’re really just a romantic tosser.”
The noise seemed to get lost in the crash of the waves and Sherlock’s “what?” mouthed over the thundering pound of the water filled him with a lost sort of courage. He turned to Molly, shot her a quick sorry, and leapt from the raft.
“And do you remember what happened afterwards?” Sherlock teases and he can feel John stir against his leg at the memory, of sweat and bodies and whispered promises.
“There was a private investigator following us around for a few months,” Sherlock said, remembering the PI and his blue Pontiac. She spotted him first, coming out of the bodega on the corner on the block they were staying on in Harlem. Mycroft saw him once through the window of a laundromat. “We moved twice, but after we came here, we stopped seeing him. Either we lost him or they finally realized we weren’t going to go to the police.”
, his eyes starting to glaze over as John slowly unraveled him.
“But you know, don’t you?” he prompted and Sherlock did know. Of course he knew. His memory was hardly eidetic like Mycroft’s but this was the sort of thing one didn’t just forget.
Sherlock had absolutely no desire to do any such thing. Weed wasn’t a new thing; it had always been available back at her private boarding school. It just had a distinct
