“Yes, and you are no longer the smallest and most impressionable person in the room,” Tony said.  He pointed at DJ again.  “Earmuffs.”
Ellen stabbed at her keyboard, locking her computer.  "There's something else happening here."
“Right as in direction or right as in correct?” she asked, as Rhodey wrapped an arm around her waist and swung her around.  Laughing, she braced her hands on his shoulders, her skirts fluttering in the air as her feet left the ground.
“Wait,” Jesse mouthed back.  And handed her a print.
"Caffeinated motor oil," Tony said, making another attempt to reclaim the cup.  "And the only thing keeping me alive at the moment.  Give it back."
He stood up and picked up his plate, the motions slow and deliberate.  “After all, you’re common, Ashony.  Your mother was common, and so are you.”
Obie scooped up the folder from the table next to him.  He flipped through the pages Hammer had sent over, his face set in a scowl.  “Anthony.  He is not an orphan.  He was left at the Orphanage, but there’s no reason to think his parents are dead.”  He slapped the folder against his knee.  “In fact, it’s far more likely that they’re not.”
Steve wrapped an arm around his shoulders, and Tony let his head fall onto Steve’s shoulder with a groan.  “Whoever told you that was lying,” Steve said, pressing a kiss to Tony’s hair.  “Maliciously.”  Tony groaned again, long and pained, and Steve smiled against his hair.  “You did good, Stark.”
“Our lives are fucking weird,” Sam said.  He set the tablet aside and reached for the water pitcher beside the bed.  “Seriously.  How're you feeling?”
“Hey, now,” Steve said, an easy smile creasing his cheeks.  “That's not vintage, Isaiah's wife Cora made that for me last Christmas.”
“Ready,” DJ said, wrapping his arms around Peter's neck.
Stark’s head dipped forward, his elbows bracing on his knees. “Yeah, he’s…  He’s amazing.  He lucked out, I know he lucked out.”  He let his head fall back against the headrest, his eyes closing.  “He’s got a whole extended family of weirdos and crackpots who love him, he’s got Steve, most of all, I thank God for Steve, only reason this is a halfway tenable situation for either of us.”
His phone rang again, and this time, it was Clint’s ringtone.  He picked it up.  “I changed my mind,” he said.  “Get back here.”
Attempt twenty.
“I-  I’m not sure, sir.”  Charlie cleared his throat.  “Is she…  Going to be back?  Like, ever?”
“Yes, it’s easier-”
Steve took a seat, hoping that he didn’t look as exhausted as he felt.  “What are you-”
He was halfway to the bathroom when he realized that Tony's phone was still vibrating, the buzzing almost lost in the fabric of his coat.  Frowning, Steve reached for it, suddenly worried if there was a problem back at TOBRU.  But the number on the face wasn't Bruce or the restaurant.  Instead, the lock screen said “DJ.”
“Yes, well, some of them are very thick, and you misplace your stepstool often enough,” Pepper pointed out.  With a faint sigh, she settled back in her chair, reaching for her tea cup. “You are a master of re-purposing things.”
“Congrats,” Clint said, slapping Steve on the back.  “Excuse me.  Ma’am, is there a back way out of this chapel?”
“I sent you a text,” Jesse said.  She raise her eyebrows at Ellen.  “Remember our code?”
DJ thought about that for a moment.  “Think so.”
Tony's eye narrowed.  "You lie," he said.
“We've got two days left,” he said.  “And as much as I'd like to come back to the city...” He let his voice trail away, and Tony picked up where he left off.
“Well, then, sir, it appears I’m in very good company.”  Jarvis pulled a snowy white handkerchief from his pocket, offering it to Tony.  “There is now a child in this house who needs reassurance."
“Everyone's bored by Richards,” Ellen said.
Tony leaned out the door, almost colliding with Steve.  Tony jerked back, out of the way, but Steve was already skidding to a halt, his feet scruffing along the rug.  “Was that child naked?” Tony asked, because verbal confirmation seemed to be in everyone’s best interest.  “Was-  Is there a naked child making the laps of my halls right now?”
Sam leaned forward, his head tipped to the side.  "Steve.  I'm never going to tell someone who they are, or what they feel.  What I think about the situation-"  He shook his head.  "It means nothing.  The only one that matters here is you.  You're the only one who gets to determine who you are or how you live your life."  He rocked back on the bench, his hands cupping his knees.  "But I have seen your sketchbooks, and-”  He smiled, just a little. “If I was drawing conclusions, I could draw conclusions from those.”
“Hate me,” Tony finished for him with a grin.  He took a sip of his coffee, his eyebrows arching.  “Sit down, champ.  You’re going to feel a lot more charitable towards me in a few minutes.”
"If you end up needing a place to crash, a place that's safe and welcoming, there's a card in there."  She tipped her head at the envelope.  "Tell them Mr. Stark sent you and they'll find a place for you."
Steve’s eyes opened, and Tony was smiling down at him, backlit by Christmas lights.  His hair was disordered, his tie long gone, and his vest hung open over his shirt.  He looked tired and rumpled and perfect, and Steve loved him so much he ached.
“Is it?” he asked.
Tony opened one eye, peering at it.  “Jay, take a message and make that stop,” he mumbled, pulling the sweatshirt he'd been using as a blanket up over his shoulders.  “Thanks.”  His head fell to the side, trying to find a comfortable place to rest in this damn seat.
“He was very enthusiastic about mixing,” Peter explained, taking a cookie before DJ headed across the room to Jan.  He took a big bite.  “An’ everything else.”
“Drinking subpar coffee,” Tony said.  “In a desperate attempt at normality.  Before you ask, it didn’t work.”
Steve waited until he disappeared back into the pantry before he continued.  “Where do you live?” he asked, his voice low.  Mickey gave him a look, and Steve struggled against a smile.  “I’m just hired help, too.  I’m betting my address isn’t any more sophisticated.”
“I stick with the upvoted ones,” Allison said.  She took a bite of the cookie.  “Works out pretty well, most of the time.  Anyway, the majority of the upvoted comments are offers of free food at just about ever taco truck and noodle shop in the city.”
“Holy fuck,” she breathed.  “It's-”  She couldn't even get the words out.  She might've been hyperventilating.  She might've been having a stroke.  “It's-”
Natasha held up the open bottle.  “But mostly tequila.”
Steve looked back at him, and Tony smiled.  “You were going to keep him.”
“God, he’s just as annoying as you,” Clint said, leaning forward to brace his hands on his thighs.  “Except, you know, I don’t give a flying fuck about him, so, somehow he’s worse.”  He looked up.  “How the hell did you find us?”
Steve’s legs shifted under the covers, one knee coming up against his chest.  He braced his arm on it.  “I should go,” he said, but he didn’t sound sure, and he didn’t move.
She nodded. “Thank you for not suing us.”
Tony tried to glare a hole into the uncaring door.  "How long have we been friends?"
“You should not lie, kid, you’re…  You’re not good at it,” Tony said, amused despite himself.  “But yeah,  We have College Tony Stark, Business Tony Stark, and Mechanic Tony Stark.”  Somehow, there was still fruit on his plate.  Tony poked a piece of pineapple with one tine of his fork.  Reluctantly, he stabbed it.  “Now we just need-”
“A lot of cooking for a lot of people from a lot of places,” Clint said with a grin.  “A show like that picks up people as it moves, and all of them want out of where they are, but all of them sort of miss the place they left.”  He tapped the spoon against the side of the pan, the sound like a gong.  “And families from all over Europe, bringing their own dishes.  Jambalaya.  Fried chicken and catfish.  Pot roast and chicken and dumplings.  Macaroni and red beans and rice.  The things people want to take with them.  The things they want to remember.”
Tony leaned a shoulder against the doorframe, his hands tucked in his pockets.  "Honey, I'm home," he said, and he didn't know he was going to say it until the words were already out, hanging in the air between them, the stupidest thing he'd ever said.
“Trust me, I know how to run,” Billy said, as Shamus appeared in the open office door.
There was a moment of pause.  Clint raised his hand.  Then he looked up at it, a faux shocked look on his face.  “Oh.  Look.  Just me.”  He gave Tony a wide, enthusiastic smile.  “I mean.  You want to be responsible for all three of them, you go ahead.”
Steve looked down at the phone.  “Did you see?” he asked, his voice quiet.
Steve struggled against a smile. “Only leaving that as a possible, huh?”
“Where is he?” Steve asked.
“I wondered where those went,” Steve said, his voice amused.
Sam and Jan exchanged a look.  “You want to-” Jan started, waving a hand towards Steve.
Steve ducked his head, not quite fast enough to hide a smile.  “Eggs,” he said.
"She's trouble," Stark said.  “A large amount of trouble in a very small package.”
He’d fallen, amid the wreckage of his entire life, with the flaming fragments of his best intentions chasing him the entire way, he’d fallen and fallen and fallen, and he knew what it was like, when the armor failed, when he failed, when there was nothing between him and the welcoming cradle of the ground than whatever he could conjure up, blood on his fingers, in his mouth, blood like water in his eyes.
“Well,” Iron Man said, drawing the word out.  “Clea showed up and told me that everything was our resident magical bullfighter’s fault, at which point, I decided I was done with this shit, and she brought me to New York, where everyone was supposed to be, only to find out that no one was there, except a very frustrated Coulson, who knew, surprisingly, nothing.”
“Your hair’s sticking up all over,” Tony said, crossing back to the bed.  “You look like a dandelion about to go to seed.  Come here.”  Without thinking, he reached out, smoothing Steve’s hair down with a gentle hand.
“I've been making you nuts?” Tony asked, incredulous, because Steve's hands were on his waist now, smoothing up to cradle his ribs, then down to the small of his back, tugging him close. “You're the one who suddenly decided it was acceptable to walk around in a towel.”
DJ nodded.  “I don’t know.”
“Thank you.”  She looked back at the kid.  “If they really wanted to, they could, right?”  The boy nodded.  “So why haven’t they?”
“Still working on it.”  Phil's voice was clipped, tense.  In the background, Tony could hear Bruce's voice, fielding questions from the SHIELD teams.  “For now, hold the perimeter.  It may not be hostile.”
Shaking his head, Steve reached for the coffee pot.  “What makes you think-”
Steve paused in the act of reaching for his water glass. He'd been sure he'd be safe to get something to drink; Victor and Morrison had been debating constitutional law. But Morrison, keen to keep from admitting defeat, had turned out to be a master of turning the conversation on his head at a moment's notice.
"Nonsense about magic and dragons," Stark groused, as Peter popped up to slide a dowel out of his hands.  "That's too heavy."
“There was that boardwalk collapse at the beach,” Drew mused.
“He's not my driver, he's my chief designer.  Though part of his contract is that he does get to borrow whatever car he wants.”
His dad nodded.  “Then I’ll go.  And I’ll come back some other day, when you’re not here, and try to figure out some of this…”  His fingers thumped on the leather cover of a book.  “Magical theory on my own.  Even if this feels like this would make as much sense if I was holding the book upside down as it does now.”
“Sorry,” Harris said, even as he pushed the door open, and kicked it shut behind him.
“Actually, that is not a bad idea,” Agatha said.  She snapped her fingers, magicking a stack of white, adhesive backed nametags and a black sharpie out of thin air.  “Here.”  She held them out to Clint.  “Do your part to unravel this mess, Mr. Barton.”
“Traitor,” Tony muttered under his breath, reaching for the coffee.  It was barely lukewarm, an unspoken punishment that he took without a word.
“Because DJ wishes to help Dr. Banner with trimming them,” Bobbi said.  She shifted her weight, forward and back, her feet rooted to the ground.  “There’s pruning shears involved. It’s all very exciting.”
“I think we’re lost.”
Bucky peered out at Steve from under the curtain of his hair.  "Rude," he said at last, and Steve grabbed a pillow, smacking him on the head with it.  "Ow!"  Bucky rubbed his head.  "Jesus.” He scowled up at Steve.  “What the hell?"
Slowly, the man behind the table looked up.  His white eyebrows arched, a vaguely inquisitive expression.  “Hi, kid?”  It had the slight uptick at the end of a question.  He reached out, nudging a pamphlet towards DJ.  “Visit the museum.  Worth your time.”
“Always,” he agreed.  Steve reached out, his fingers gentle as he brushed DJ’s hair back from his forehead.  “You know we’ll support you, no matter what you want to do, right?”
DJ, stuffing the last crust of his bread into his mouth, nodded.  Rolling to his feet, he collected the book, closing it carefully and returning it to Tony's desk.  Tony smiled at him.  “You done with that?  Should I put it back, or do you want to keep looking at it?”
"Right," Steve said, sinking down at the long, polished stone counter.  He set his cap down next to him on the stool to his right.  "French.  Got it."  He found himself smiling at nothing in particular.  "Of course Mr. Stark has a French chef."
“It’ll come back to you,” he said, smiling.
Tony blinked at him.  “Wanna explain that one to me?” he asked, trying to smile.  “Doesn't feel good at all.  Not to me.”
Steve pushed a plate in front of him.  "Thank you."  He took the tea, and reached for the kettle.  "Sit down like a person, please, my Ma's rolling in her grave right now."
“Good morning, sir.”
Greer’s chin dipped in a slight, resigned sort of nod.  “Sounds like me.” She stretched with a yawn, her hair flopping back in front of her face.  “What time is it?”
He saw her dart out from behind cover, stumbling over her own feet as she tried to get around the hole in the street.  Thor swung, and the robot ducked under the blow, one hand out snapping out and grabbing the back end of a deserted bus.
“Right,” Rhodes said, his head cocked to the side.  But he was smiling.  “I’ve got a patrol to finish.  You heading back?”
DJ waited, counting them off until it rolled around again.  ‘Attendees of Maaagicon!’
Tony grinned as he pushed his way out of the store.  “Right.  When are they ever pleased, Coulson?”
He grinned.  “Put that on my fucking tombstone.  It's about the best I can hope for.”
She raised one shoulder in a half shrug.  “Your guess is as good as mine,” she said.  Her smile stretched.  “They're all idiots.”
“Occasionally, I might choose a truth that is most comforting to the listener-”
"Hey," Tony said.  He picked up a piece of toast, holding it out to DJ.  "Don't do that."  He managed a smile.  "There's always going to be food, okay?  You can-"  He stopped, taking a deep breath.  "You don't have to do that."
“You can have my serving, sir.”
“But he’s a dead end.  Everything he knows, we know.”  He looked around DJ’s room.  “The person who did this?  They were looking for a child, Tony.  Look at it.  They emptied the closet, the wardrobe.  They overturned the bed.  They even broke the shelves in the bathroom linen closet.
"So what's your plan, Captain?" Morrison asked, with such disdain that Steve almost burst out laughing. "How're you going to make this a country to be proud of again?"
Tony's lips twitched.  "It's adequate."  She stuck her lower lip out in a pout, and he struggled to keep a straight face.  "You did a good job, Jan."
“It's not personal.  No one goes to Steve's place.”  Bucky paused, just long enough to cram most of a cream puff into his mouth.  His cheeks bulging like a chipmunk's, he reached for another one.  “No body.”
Sam considered him.  “He needs more than me,” he said at last.  “Even if I was prepared to be his only friend, his only source of support, the only person he could depend on, that's not healthy, not for either of us.”  He leaned forward.  “He's one of my best friends, and I'm one of his best friends, Tony.  But I am quite certain that he was just as relieved, just as happy, to see you walk through the door tonight as he would've been if it had been me.”
DJ shook his head.  “No,” he said.  He looked down at the cup in his hands, his fingers flexing.  “It’s…  Not a good idea.”  His eyes flicked up, and then back down.  “I know.”
“I’d like…”  He chose his words carefully.  “A second opinion on what he’s thinking.”
Sam laughed as he filled his plate.  “Man, do I hear that.  Oh, crab rangoon.”
The boy groaned, but he headed for the kitchen with a heavy tread.  “We're here to pick up bread, Gramps.”
That made her laugh.  “You really aren’t,” she said.  Her fingers squeezed his, holding on tight.  “So-”
She set her hands on her cane, her fingers laced around the knob of wood at its head.  “And I will handle her.”
But mostly, there was a still.
“ANYWAY,” Tony said.  “No.  I got my tattoo while drunk.  Last night.  What kind of idiot would get a tattoo at this time of the morning?”
“It’s…” DJ stopped, trying to find a way to explain the way he felt when the world disappeared around him, the way his stomach seemed to show up ten or so seconds after the rest of him when it finally reappeared.  Or the way that, no matter how much he knew it wasn’t possible, he could swear that he could see things in the moments where he was neither here nor there.
Peter stared back.  “Can I have the key?”
Honest.  Or maybe trustworthy.  He didn't know the right word.
Tony glanced at him.  Stark was staring at Rogers’ back, his jaw set in tight lines.  Tony gave a quick shake of his head.  “Yeah, you fucked up my robot, Stark.”
“Every damn chance I get.” Tony glanced up, meeting Steve’s eyes, and he went still.  “Oh,” he said, and the single word was soft, hanging in the air between them.  “That was…  That was a real question.”  He set his coffee cup down on the counter.  “Yes.  I suppose I was.”  He looked at Steve, his brows drawn up tight.  “Is…  Is that a problem?”
There was a faint click, and the shelves shifted, the contents rattling with the small movement.  Tony slipped a hand behind it and pulled it forward, revealing the dark, twisting stairs down into the basement.  He wriggled through the gap, the box held over his head.  As soon as he was through, he fumbled behind him, grabbing the handle in the darkness and pulling the shelf back into place.
“For a smart man, you can be awfully obtuse when you want to be.”  Bucky snagged a cloth napkin from a nearby cart, tossing the remaining cream puffs into it and tying it up into a neat bundle.  “Just ask him.  It's not that fucking hard.”
“Someone shot me,” Tony echoed.
Steve was laughing against his chest, his fingers tight on Tony’s hips.  “Yatta yatta?” he managed, and Tony grinned at nothing in particular.
Hulk silently held up a piece of what had once been a very large, very pink head.  “Smash,” he growled, and he sounded so pleased with himself that Clint couldn't help but grin.
"And I'm perfectly safe down here, so..."
Which was different.  Comforting.  Harris didn’t dismiss him out of hand.  Didn’t give him empty words and ignore what he was saying.  Harris just sat there, his glasses crooked on his nose, his hair sticking up.  DJ dug his toes into the carpet, his hands braced on the edge of the table.
Clint leaned out of the kitchen.  “Can I have some chips?” he asked.
Tony felt the bottom drop out from under him, and he ignored it, ignored the way his vision was going white at the edges, ignored the way his chest ached.  “No.  When we came in-”
“Good luck,” Tony called to him.  “She's ruthless.”
Tony pointed a finger in his direction.  “Deal.”  He nudged some boxes out of his way with the side of one foot.  “I’ll also need you to release him in time for dinner.”
“A quiet meal is a failed meal,” Thor said, his voice firm, and Tony hid his smile behind his wine glass.  “Besides.” Thor smiled at DJ.  “He is a most polite child.  Even though things must be very boring, when the adults talk above his head this way.”
The officer studied him.  "Latveria?"
Steve, for his part, just turned on his heel and stalked towards the front door.  In a matter of moments, he was gone, leaving Tony staring after him in impotent rage.  He took a breath, and another, one hand going to his ribs.  He shook his head, and Clint took an instinctive step back.  Tony looked up, catching a glimpse of them and his face went tight.  “Does no one in this household have anything to do?” he said. “Or am I now just paying for a full Greek chorus to accompany my life?”
DJ gave a firm nod.  "Murder," he said, his eyes narrowed into slits.
“Did you want to see a movie today?  Tonight?” Tony said.  Broad, to specific.  Narrow the scope.  Pull it in, degree by degree.  DJ nodded again.  “Did you like seeing everyone?  Did you like seeing the theater”
Behind the counter, a man in a plain white shirt and an unbuttoned black vest was bent over a complicated mechanism.  His pale blonde hair flopped over his forehead, his eyes almost hidden beneath it when he spared Steve a single glance.  Then, without so much as a word, he went back to his work.
“Let it go,” Coulson said, and for a half second, Tony considered following that utterly ridiculous order.
“Yeah, I figured that out,” Steve said.  He arched up, pressing a gentle kiss to Tony's forehead.  “If you need to go downstairs, I'll come with you.  But no sneaking off in the middle of the night, okay?” He rocked back to his feet.  “If I have to chase you down and haul you back to bed, I'm going to be annoyed.”
“You’re welcome,’ Bucky said, around a mouthful of stew.  He swallowed.  “But?” he prompted Shuri.
Phil sighed.  “You threw yourself in front of a bus, Hawkeye.”
“It's fine,” Stark said.  “It's-  I have a clock I have always despised.  It's never run right, and more than that, it's...” His mouth went into a flat line.  “It's ugly.  It's just so ugly.”  He arched an eyebrow at DJ.  “Want to smash it?”
DJ nodded, his expression rapt.  “Yes.”
“I estimated that sir would require both pots to be moderately functional.
“Take your pick.” Shiro refilled Carol and Jess’ teacups and peered over the counter.  “More?”
“Yes, sir?”
“Last Christmas I spent alone and drunk and this may not be an improvement,” he stated as the pitter- patter of quick feet brought his head around.  DJ carefully lowered a tray to the ground, then took a seat on the carpet next to Steve, folding his legs under him.  “Speaking of people who are here to bankrupt me,” Tony said, grinning at him.  “Did you bring me coffee?”
“DJ,” DJ said, grinning up at her.  “Just DJ.”
"Worth it," DJ said, with all due gravity.
Steve felt his face heat, and he did his best to ignore that.  “If anything else surfaces-”
Steve's eyes slid in his direction.  “Tony.”
Tony let himself be tumbled back into bed, curling into Steve's pillow.  “Sorry,” he mumbled.  “Sorry.”
“You always take me to the best places.”
Steve smiled, and Tony guessed they'd just made a silent, unspoken pact not to call each other on their bullshit lies. It was probably easier that way. “If I make anything, I'll leave you a plate in the oven.” His head dipped in something that approached a nod, and then he was gone, the door clicking shut behind him.
One of Bucky's eyebrows arched.  “Okay, so this is, what, jealousy?”
His lips kicked up in a tired smile.  “Gaydar?”
DJ turned and headed straight towards the library at a pace just under a run.  He made it to the door in record time, fumbling it open and then slamming it closed behind him.  He leaned back against the door, his breathing ragged, braced for whatever the library had in store for him.
“Always.”  Tony turned his over in his hands, a faint smile curling the edges of his lips.  He glanced up.  "Why?"
The letter disappeared back into her pocket.  “He likes to dote,” she said, her voice flat.  “He likes to be seen as generous.  As a benefactor.”
“And that's because you aren't paying attention,” she said, patting his arm.  “Let's go get a tart.”
“He likes to be tall,” Sam said, his arms crossed over his chest.  Without even looking up, he took a step to the side, right before the remains of a sack of some sort hit the floor where he’d been standing.  Sam smiled at nothing in particular.  “Missed.”
“For the rest of his life?” Tony asked, glancing down at his phone.  So many goddamn texts.  He started deleting them.  “I believe you said?”
“Uh,” Harris repeated, and Tony grinned.
“Am I the only one with sense here?” Tony asked.  Pepper bit her lip to keep from saying something unfortunate.  He looked at her, his eyes narrowed.  “What?”
“He’s young, he’ll accept it one of these days.”  Bobbi flicked a hand in Steve’s direction.  “Did he get one?”
“Dance lessons,” Jan said, and Sam's head came around.
"Good."  Wiping her eyes, Pepper straightened up.  "Oh, I haven't laughed like that in so long."  She looked up, letting the sunlight warm her cheeks.  "In forever."  She sat down at the table, pulling a chair out for DJ.  “Bruce, sit down, I'll split my strudel with you.”
“For Pepper and DJ,” Tony said, going back to his work.  Pepper gave him a look, and he shrugged. “Rhodey likes movies, I'm sure he'll go, and you're welcome to join them. There's plenty of seats.”
Understanding dawned, and behind it a rush of excitement.  “The greenhouse,” Steve said, almost gleeful.  “The damn greenhouse.’
It was so obviously a lie that he regretted saying it, almost before it left his mouth.  He swallowed, and turned to the cabinets.  The world swayed around him, waves catching him broadside.  He ignored that, too.  “Fine.  So he’s there.”  He tossed the cabinet door open, and then another.  There had to be something else here, there had to be.  He wished he could think straight.  “Is he trapped?”
"You look like a Sport."  Tony's head tipped to the side, his eyes narrowing.  His nose was bright red and it was somehow endearing.  "Old-fashioned.  I should get you a straw boater."
Happy grinned at him in the rearview mirror, one hand resting easily on the steering wheel.  “Sure.  I’d wait here for you, but-”
“You’re being inflexible, and that disappoints me.  The way you’re-” Tony made a gesture at Peter’s face.  “This face displeases me.”
She glanced down at her still full cup.  "No, thank you,” she said with a slight smile.
Tony opened his mouth, a quip hovering on the tip of his tongue, but Steve was just watching him, his gaze level and steady.  Tony let out his breath in a huff of laughter.  “What do you want to know?” he asked, leaning over his food.
Steve choked on a laugh.  “I’ll forgive you,” he said, trying to sound stern.  “Tony, maybe not so much.  Can I talk to him, Peter?”
“Get in the car,” he said, and Steve got in the car.
Tony tugged on his shirt.  “You sleep, too.”
Tony frowned at the hall to the left.  “Are…  You sure?”
“I should get one of those,” Tony mused.
“I’m considering the possibility,” Tony said.  “I really think we have to-”
She glanced up at him.  “What?” She braced her hands on her thighs and straightened up.  “Oh! No. I meant Bruce. I’ve told Tony things will go badly, too, of course, but this, this is all Bruce.”  She ducked around him, snagging a silver bucket from a shelf and coming back around Steve’s other side. He tried to step back, out of the way, and she waved a hand in his direction.  “You’re fine.”
Logan smiled.  “Nah.  We got it.”  His head tipped back.  “Right?”
“I'll take any help I can get,” Tony said, dropping his phone next to the sink. “Thank you.”
“Well, at least you know that,” the girl said.
Eli gave Tony a look.  “I doubt it.  You got a bat or something?”
“Wonderful,” Tony said.  “He can sort out Jarvis’ servers.”
“I’m not…  Panicky,” Steve said.  “Sure, I got up obscenely early to handmake croissants in an attempt to bribe you, but that’s something I do normally.”
“Right this way,” Pepper said, gesturing at the grand staircase, and Rogers fell in behind her, as if Tony didn't even exist.
“Toast,” Steve countered.  “Eli.”
“I do believe Mrs. Parker has made us a lovely berry cobbler with fresh vanilla bean ice cream,” Jarvis said.
Bruce tapped his fingers against the open page.   “You, you can’t just SKIP the noble gases,” he said, sounding affronted by that thought.  “They’re-” He gestured with a piece of bacon.  “They’re very important, Peter.”
“I'll stay until you fall asleep,” he said, and he found he was smiling.  “Just-” He shook his head.  “Go to sleep, Tony.”
“Yeah, I’ve been there,” Bucky said.  “Literally.  I’ve been on that exact square foot of floor.”
“It could work.”  Tony raised her hand, and she spun around beneath their joined fingers, lithe and easy.  She moved constantly, with an energy and an enthusiasm that Tony found to be exhausting and exhilarating in equal parts.
Steve tried to smile, and almost managed it.  “One of them.” He glanced at Tony.  “Took me a long time to come around to the concept of the armor, but if you still want someone to punch…”
DJ smiled at him.  “Yes.  You have.”  The elevator dinged.  “But it's nice.  That you do.”  He sucked in a breath as the door opened.  “How late?”
“It is what it is,” he said at last.  There.  That sounded mature.
One of Natasha’s shoulders rose in a slight shrug.  “You are putting together quite the orchestra,” she said, her voice considering.  “And you don’t like Hill.”
“Worth it,” DJ said.
She grinned, and she was all warm, soft curves and brilliant heat.  “You sure?”  She wiggled a little, and her top strained.
There's a bit of a tonal shift mid chapter, and some canon appropriate levels of injury.  Nothing graphic, nothing that will stick around, but we do have a hospital scene and some discussion of pain and fear that comes from being in the hospital when you really, really, REALLY have reason to fear being in the hospital.
Steve realized he was smiling.  “I think you just might be right.” He was moving around the table, without even thinking about it.  “So.  Everyone except Pepper, Mrs. Parker and Jarvis?  And Bruce?”
Steve carried him through the penthouse, his bare feet silent on the polished floors.  As he slipped into Tony's bedroom, Jarvis raised the lights without being asked, just enough so Steve could see where he was going.  He moved through the shadowed space, savoring Tony's weight in his arms while he had it.
“Good night,” Harris said.
He paused, looking back over his shoulder at the kid at the espresso machine.  She smiled, her cheeks almost as red as her head scarf.  “Congratulations,” she said, and he stared at her confused.  She gave him a nervous smile.  “On your marriage?”
It was harder than it should’ve been.  Out of the corner of his eye, he could still see Tony and Sam, their heads bent together, whispering back and forth as the Muppets tormented Michael Cain.  Occasionally, he saw Tony’s head bob in a nod, or heard the soft sound of Sam’s laughter.
Everyone looked at Peter.  He nodded.  “Oh.  Yeah.  That…”  He slurped up a noodle.  “That makes more sense.”
“I can’t speak for you, but I’m okay with it.”  Steve added a few numbers to the webform, then deleted them again.  “Really?  We need cheesecake?”
Steve's mouth twitched, a soft, sad smile.  “I'm pretty sure that makes you a parent, Sue.  One who loves her children.”
Tony sighed.  “Peter.”
"Like, macrame?" Tony suggested.  "Or collecting postage stamps?"
“Handsome and financially prudent,” the photographer said, skipping backwards over the sidewalk.  “You really are the most eligible bachelor in New York.”
He paused, and spread his hands at his sides.  “You had one job, MacIntyre.”
“Because I was the voice of reason here, as I always am,” she told him, and Bucky was laughing into his beer again.  She ignored that.  “So.  Against my advice, he goes over to the hut.  And finds this one-” She waved at Steve.  “Was trying to fix it.”
He glanced over and he was alone, he was alone because he was running full out, as fast as his legs could carry him.  He skidded to a stop, his sneakers scraping against the frozen pavement as he did a heel turn, looking back to find Sam running after him.  He stood there, heart pounding in his chest, waiting for Sam to catch up.  “Sorry.”
“You're very demanding for a man who is going to look fabulous in a few days.”  Jan looked at Marjorie.  “We have everything?”
“Cool. I'll get the big card.”
She smiled. “As it turns out?  I’m very good with plants.”
Tony picked up a mini cream puff from what used to be Steve’s plate and popped it in his mouth.  “Pretty sure Jan’s convinced Jarvis to lock me out of my lab, so you should have the pleasure of my company for a little while.” He gave Steve a wink.  “Don’t get used to it.”
“Darling, I am a one woman Pepper Potts Pep Squad,” Jan said, her eyelashes fluttering.  “You should know that by now.”
DJ raised his head, just far enough to look at Steve.  His eyes were red, but dry.  He didn’t reply.
Steve glanced back up at Tony, who was still studying the picture, a soft smile on his face.  “You’ve got a real talent,” he said, and Steve struggled against the wave of pleasure that washed over him.  Tony’s fingers traced along the edge of the page.  “Why were you doing draftsmanship instead of illustration?”
“Huh,” Sam said, eyes narrowing.  “I'm skeptical.  'Cause I've never seen them.  Or heard of them.  Before now.”
Another moment of consideration, and then DJ nodded.  He stepped back, out of the way, and headed back across the room to his bed.  Tony wandered after him, a few steps behind.  DJ's ankles were clearly visible under the cuffs of the pajama pants, and Tony wondered when he'd gotten so big.
Stung, Steve took another step back.  “I don’t know what you’re-”
“There is a distinct lack of respect here,” Tony announced, stomping back to the lobby.  Clint was standing next to the main doors, pouring over what looked like a large map of the strip.  Next to him, DJ was tidying the rack, looking more relaxed than he had since he’d arrived.  “Do you ever feel like you don’t get the proper amount of respect?” Tony asked Clint.
“Tony.”
"And this is how our friendship ends," Tony said, leaning an elbow on the counter.  "With baseless accusations and a complete lack of understanding of how I function-"
Her eyelashes fluttered in his direction.  “I'm sorry,” she said, her voice sugary sweet, “but this has nothing to do with you.”  She pressed her fingers delicately against her breast.  “I am throwing a party.  A large, lovely party.  I'll be inviting all of my friends. Who happen to be your friends as well.”  Her teeth flashed in a sharp, dangerous sort of smile.  “Show up.  Or you will regret it.”
“And so Natasha said you were,” Steve said.
It was said with such disgust that Steve burst out laughing.  “Your life is very hard,” he said, setting the kettle on the stove.  “I know it's not what you want, but it'll help your throat.”  He opened the cabinet, squinting at the spice shelf.  “I think I have some better stuff in here, but right now, maybe just some herbal tea.  What do you think?”
Pepper sighed.  “Is that better or worse than being photographed with pneumonia?”
“Good.  Can you stand up?” he asked, offering her a hand.  “Because-”  Above them, something hit the pavement hard, metal on stone, and his heart skipped a beat.   She latched onto his hand with both of hers, and he pulled her up.  “Because I think we should find somewhere more...” He struggled to find a word that wouldn't immediately induce panic.  “Stable.”
“He was worried about you,” Luke said.  With one last smile, he headed for the door.  “We all were.  Next time, leave being a landing pad to me.  I'm better at it.”
Peter swallowed.  “Not at all,” he said.
“Cap, you have to be used to that by now,” Tony said, grinning behind the shelter of his helmet.  “Everyone talks bad about me, and not saying that this guy doesn't deserve to be in traction, but maybe I'm not the reason to put him there.”
“This is unacceptable,” Tony mumbled against her shoulder.  “I’m reporting you to HR.  All the reports.”  He paused.  “Do we have an HR department?”
Tony choked on something that might’ve been a shriek from a lesser man.  He twisted around in his seat to find Natasha smiling down at him.  “Can we not do this?” he asked.  “For one day, out of respect for the sanctity of the season, can you not be insanely creepy?”
"You did not-"  Sue stood up, pressing both hands to her face.  "Tony.  What did you DO?"
Obie smiled, his eyes crinkling at the corners.  “Oh, you can’t?” he asked, his fingers rattling against the arm of his chair.  He exhaled.  “Tony.  You can’t just…  Keep the child.”
“Tell me it's not.”
Ellen reconsidered the kicking.  “Of course it is,” she said, rolling over.  “Considering we got here six hours after King Stefan signed the damn bill with absolutely no warning.” She punched a fist into her pillow.  “No.  Warning.”
“Excellent. I expect you to say that at my funeral. It's in the will, if you want to inherit, you need to saw some nice things about my lovemaking skills,” he said. “Also my ass.”
“You okay?” Clint asked, and Tony waved him off.  “Right.  DJ’s picked out a place.  Probably as good as we’re going to get, and since you weren’t answering your texts-”
"Well, the paint job alone," Clint said, his voice laconic and amused.  "You never did strike me as a man who favored pink."
“Absolutely not,” Tony said, throwing back the blankets before Steve could stop him.  He was wearing a pair of unfamiliar flannel pajama pants, but they fit him better than the shirt did.  He stared down at his legs until his head started spinning.  “Tell me these were a gift.”
While the makeshift table was being set up beneath the spreading limbs of the ancient oak, Peter and DJ had darted back and forth, arms full of snowy linen napkins, rattling baskets of silverware and boxes of tin mugs.  They carried small chairs and cushions, old quilts and, finally, a massive silver tub filled to the brim with chipped ice, dragged across the grass between them.
He rocked forward, the movement sharp and violent.  “Your job is to feed people.  Your job is to feed anyone, and everyone, who comes through your doors, to the best of your ability.  You want to call yourself a Chef?  Then, fuck you!  Do.  Your.  JOB.”
Tony emerged, another bottle of water in his hand.  “What was I supposed to-”
Steve looked at Jess.  She grinned.  “I regret nothing.”
“And let's face it, I was drinking a hell of a lot,” Tony said.  He paused.  “I noticed you weren't where you should be, as soon as I got to California, Deej.  But there were all these things, and my life was upside down, and there was that drinking thing, you may not have noticed the drinking, but-”
“Yeah.”  Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Stark look out the passenger window, his head turning away, making sure their eyes couldn’t meet.  “But if he’d been asked, and if he’d answered, would that have thought he was telling the truth?  Did he have any idea that he was lying?  Or-”  A faint shrug.  “Or did he honestly think he was a good father?”
Obie paused, his eyes darting back to the boy.  “Sounds good,” he said, back to his jovial self.  He gave Tony's shoulder a squeeze, the grip just bordering on painful before he finally let go.  “Now.  I'm counting on you, Tony.”
Steve looked out the front window of the truck as a slight, graceful woman with a shock of platinum white hair tumbling over her forehead.  It was shaved close on the sides and teased up on top, leaving her multitude of earrings on each ear on full view.  She was wearing a short black skirt with a lopsided hem covered in glittering stars, and a loose fitting silver and gold tank top.  Half a dozen multicolored scarves were wrapped around her neck and shoulders, floating behind her like smoke as she walked.
“I don’t think I’m telling tales out of school to say that every member of this household was out of options when they reached this door.  Most had no funds, nowhere else to go.  This was the point of no return for almost all of us.
She shrugged.  “I am buying my favor with the new regime, it’s helping me very much.”
Reality crashed in on him like a wave, less like he entered a new world and more that it formed itself around him.  As if he had always been there.  As if he belonged.
“Not since Tony last managed to reprogram the whole damn thing,” Rhodey said.  “And his tastes in music are both bad, and loud.”
“Even sheets,” Clint said, and DJ groaned.  Clint tossed a towel over his head.  “Fine.  Five dollar bonus for dealing with sheets.”  He stuck out a hand.  “Deal, shortstack?”
Tony let out a laugh that sounded strangely broken.  “Why?”
DJ gave him a wide, proud smile, and Steve bit back a laugh.  Stark glanced at him, that perfect eyebrow arched again.  “Do you have something to add to the discussion, Officer?”
“Yes.”  Jarvis stepped aside, waving him in.  “We have one very frustrated police officer that needs to be returned to Brooklyn.”
"I'm not even going to let you finish that lie, really, you're just embarrassing yourself."  But Steve's arm loosened, lowering him to his feet.  He leaned forward, his mouth so close to Tony's ear that Tony could feel the heat of his breath.  "Behave."
“My ma would’ve told you that’s my personal motto,” Steve said.
“And then Parker came out and deleted your video, thinking it was mine.  And then later, are around-” Tony checked the timestamp on the video.  “Three am, you went back to my computer and uploaded what you THOUGHT was a video of you in your underwear, singing Baby Shark to my YouTube channel.”
Harris had to swallow twice before he could manage the single word.  “Yes.”
Carol shook her head.  “Oh, hell no.  I'm going to spar with Jessica.”
“Iriomote cat.”
Tony stared at the sink. “Please tell me that it's not a congressional summons,” he said, his voice dire.
“Hi,” DJ said, placing a gentle hand on its casing and pushing it away.   It wobbled away, tiny repulsor flickering, and then turned, bouncing back straight for DJ.  DJ nudged it away again.  “Why are you-”
Rhodey smiled.  “All of his tattoos are, well, to put it bluntly, once you know the code, they might as well be names.”  He took a sip of his coffee.  “Yours is, well, it’s a bit more obvious than most, but every thing he’s gotten, they’re all people.”
“Pepper paid me,” Peter said.
“With who?” Pepper said, her voice sharp.
“Less blessing, more drinking,” Steve told him.  He reached for the cabinet of the cleaning supplies.  “I saw your YouTube video.”
Tony grinned.  “Now, that’s a review.”
Tony waited for him to process.  It was enough to plant the seed.  “Did I eat?”
"I mean, the two of you together, you might have a chance,” Tony said.  He gave them both a sharp, cold smile.  “Might.”
“Wait.”  Steve stared up at her.  “What…  What do I call you?  When you’re-”  He gestured at her.  “Jarvis said sirs, is it…”  He stopped.  “I don’t know what to ask,” he admitted.
The sign that hung over the door had seen better days, the paint worn thin, and the carving almost illegible.  Steve could still make out the words, “Pym’s Clockworks,” even if the establishment date was lost to time.  The broad windows at the front of the shop were coated in grime, but he could still see the shadowy, ghostly outlines of several clocks sitting  just on the other side of the glass, and beyond that, something that might’ve been the proprietor, bent over his workbench.
He didn’t go far.  Just to the bottom of the stairs.  DJ hadn’t moved; he was still lying on the grass, staring silently up at the sky.  Behind Steve, the lights of the house spilled out over the staircase, and he could still hear the faint sound of the music.  Steve sank down onto the stairs, caught between the calm of the rolling lawn and the chaotic, welcoming embrace of the house.
Turning away with a force of will, he looked around the edge of the door.  A black tuxedo jacket was hanging there, and he grabbed it, relief sweeping over him.  “You can take a shower, you know,” he said.
“Don’t do that,” Clint said with a grin.
A prickle of unease slid over Steve’s skin.  “What’s this?” he asked, his mouth as still as he could keep it.
“Lies do not become you,” Clint said to Phil, with a grin.  “You bribed the kid to make my t-shirts disappear.”
Pain. Fear. Blood.
Steve arched up, stealing one more kiss.  “I don’t know, but I’m pretty sure we can figure it out on the way.”
"It's going to look like a flag with daffodils stapled to it," Tony said, leafing through the pages.  Jan aimed a kick at his ankle, and he skittered sideways, grinning.  "Did you get the lobster?"
“Ah, here you are!”
Steve ducked around the nearest corner, doing his best to avoid eye contact with every person he passed.  Luckily, most of them seemed just as interested in avoiding him.  By the time he found a relatively quiet corner at the end of a deserted corridor, he almost had his blood pressure back under control.
Stalking back to the desk, he picked up the phone, stabbing the button for the kitchen.  A moment later, Jarvis’ smooth voice came across the line.  “Yes, sir?”
Jarvis stepped aside, waving him in.  “DJ is upstairs with Mrs. Parker,” he said.
“Sounds like us,” Steve said, picking up the pace.
“Tony, be reasonable.”
“We’ve been fake married like ten times for missions!” Clint said, and Nat smacked him gently on the back of the head. “Seriously, it’s a legitimate-” She smacked him again.  “I could start ducking, you know.”
Tony gave him a look.  “Jarvis tells me I might've made a nuisance of myself this morning.”
“So here's where the party is.”  The small, slim woman whipped her wrap off of her shoulders, handing it to Jarvis and brushing a kiss against his cheek at the same time.  “Jarvis, darling, should I really be here?”  She pressed a hand to her chest, her eyes wide in mock shock.  “A bedroom full of eligible men.  It's all just so shocking.”
Steve’s head napped back towards Sam.  “Ring the damn bell,” he said, and Sam rang the bells.
There was a slight knock at the door, and Tony was too tired to turn around to see who it was.  But Sam's face lit up, his face splitting in a grin. “Look who the space cat dragged in.”
"We have entirely too many rules, you know that?"  Something smelled like coffee.  Immediately distracted, Tony headed in that direction, leaving Steve to trail after him.
“It depends, I suppose, on if my mother is currently in a car headed in this direction,” Phil said, and he absolutely wasn’t smiling.  “Fully armed and with nothing to lose.”
“Coffee,” Tony said, his voice stern, and laughing, Steve crossed the floor to hand him the cup.  Tony took it with a pleased sound.  “Thank you.”
Steve’s head snapped around, and Tony stared at him, his eyes wide.  “Right,” Steve said, as Tony turned on his heel, sprinting out of the office.  Steve spared Hammer and glance.  “Stay here,” he snapped.
Harris was sitting on the couch, his feet braced on the coffee table.  Darcy was sprawled out next to him, her head on his lap, a blanket tangled around her shoulders, leaving her legs mostly bare.  She was sleeping, her breathing slow and heavy, her face half-hidden behind her hair.  Her fingers were tucked up tight under her chin, the blanket clutched in her fingers.
“I guess not, because I’m out here checking on you.”  Harris gave a nervous glance over his shoulder at the street.  It was typical tourist area of Vegas, even though they weren’t on the strip.  A handful of small hotels and casinos, a couple of tacky gift shops and tourist traps, a 24 hour Wedding Chapel, a couple of restaurants and what was probably a strip club.  “I repeat.  What are you doing out here?”
Steve fended him off with one hand, his eyes bright and his cheeks pink beneath the curves of his mask.  “We could stop, you know,” he said, rebalancing his load so he could take the napkin from Tony.  “Eat like civilized people.”
“Want to,” DJ said.  Steve nodded, but DJ wished he’d stop smiling like that.  DJ took a deep breath and tried again. “I want to.”  Steve didn’t look convinced.  “Wanda said I can learn a magical girl transformation.”
“We both know he isn’t,” Rogers said.
“Yes, but he has to feed Marie, Barbara, Rosalind, Ada, Rachel, Hypatia and Deathclaw,” Jarvis said.
Mrs. Parker finished peeling the apple in her hand and placed it in the bowl, then lifted the bowl of peelings out of her lap, shaking out her apron.  “If it were just me, of course, I wouldn’t have even hesitated.  But I’d been the child of servants, Officer Rogers.  I had grown up, in and around a grand house back in England.  It wasn’t the life I wanted for Peter.”
“Pack your bags.  You've been reassigned to Stark Manor for the time being.”  O'Brien arched an eyebrow at him.  “Seems someone up there likes you, Rogers.”
He didn’t sleep; he never thought he would.  But it was nice to close his eyes and shut down, not to have to see or hear or feel anything.  To just let the vibrations of the car roll through him, and imagine the rumble of the tires were the repulsors.  To slip into the place where his mind was busy and his body was at rest and that was the closest he could get to peace.
He stopped, drawing himself up short.  “Jar.”  He looked at DJ, who nodded.  Tony held out a hand to him.  “Let’s start with a jar.”
“We’re not talking wrong.  We’re talking illegal..” Tony’s index finger flicked against the back of his other hand.  “Which, yes, there’s nothing illegal about their marriage here.”  His head tipped to the side, his eyebrows arching.  “What if you were somewhere else?  Somewhere where that was illegal?”  A mockery of a smile, hard and brittle, flicked across his face.  “Where you were an officer of the law?”
Tony shook him off.  “Excuse me, this is not your kitchen, Rogers, you-” He waved a hand in Steve’s direction.  “Stay there.  Look pretty.”
“Wonderful.”
DJ nodded.  “Welcome home.” Then, the niceties taken care of, he bounced off, and Tony let his head fall back on the floor with a thunk.
Steve choked on a laugh, but when he looked at Tony, there was a dark gleam in his eye.  “And what if I’m looking for a different sort of payment?” he asked.  The last log hit the pile with a thump, and Tony arched an eyebrow at him.
As one, everyone looked up at the ceiling, where Clint was dangling upside down from one of Peter's webs.  “No, give me a sec,” Clint said.  “I got this.”
“Well, we'll find out tomorrow,” Tony said.  “So I hear.”
Steve paused in the act of filling the tea kettle.  “Jay?”
“Knock knock,” he said, pushing the door open.  “I own the place.  So if you're having sex or taking a nap-”  He shrugged.  “Hide.  Or don't. I don't care.”  He glanced around.  “Actually, given the state of this place?  Hiding might be a good idea.”
Steve shook his head.  “No.”
“Yes,” he said.  “You, too.”  He leaned over the desk, looking at the computer screen.  “Can you do it?”
Steve’s lips parted.  “Is that my shirt?”
“I feel better,” Tony agreed.  “Send me an email tonight?”
“Now, Miss Potts-”
Wanda gave them a little wave.  “See you tomorrow,” she said,  heading for the door.  She walked pushed it open, walked out, and disappeared in a shower of red sparks.  Agatha, a step behind her, grumbled something about the mess, and then was gone as well.
“No,” Steve said. “Billy-”
“How about that time that drunk girl fell on the subway tracks?” Drew said, as his salad was weighed.  He held up his empty cup.“And two sodas.”
DJ nodded.  “Washed EVERYTHING.” He sounded dismayed.
Steve stopped, his mouth pursing.  "Do we not tell our dates what things cost in this modern world?" he asked.
Steve stared at him. “What?”
"I'm not," Steve said, before Sam was even finished with the sentence.  Sam looked at him, and Steve gave a slight shrug.  "It's...  That's an invasion of privacy."  He shifted his weight from one foot to the other.  "Isn't it?"
Sam nodded.  “Work harder.”  He smiled.  “But apology accepted anyway.”  He pushed himself to his feet.  “Now that I am here to relieve you, AFTER having handling all the paperwork, I'd like to point out, you want some help moving him?”
Tony crossed his arms over his chest.  “Actually, I don’t, because whatever you end up doing here ends up on my rap sheet, so…”  He gave a slight shrug, leaning back against the car.  “I think I’ll stay right here.”
“Right,” he said, a finger sliding under the silk of Steve's tie, his knuckle smoothing against Steve's throat. Steve swallowed, and Tony felt his throat flex. He smiled, slow and hot. “Steve. There is nothing you can say or do to convince Happy that we didn't have sex back here. He'll humor you, he'll nod and smile and say of course he believes you.”
Steve nodded.  “And where did he find you?”
Steve started to laugh.  “Yes,” he managed, pressing a hand to his eyes.  “Is that what you’re taking from this?  Really?” His hand flopped to his side, and he grinned up at Tony, laughter bubbling through him.  “Yes.  I gave them to you, or I-” He shook his head.  “I tried.”
“No one asked you to!” Billy yelled after him.  Only after he’d disappeared up past the second floor landing did he turn his attention back to Steve.  “I assume you’re here to talk to the boss,” he said, giving the word a sardonic twist.  “He left last night, after lights out.  Johnny saw him get into a car out front.”
“That is not the problem.”  Tony picked up a tablet from the desk without opening his eyes.  He held it out in Steve’s direction.  “There’s an automatic deposit into DJ’s account on the first of the month.  He’s allowed to do whatever he wants with it.”
“You take a swing at me, pal, and we’re gonna have problems,” Happy said, his voice rising to be heard over the roar of the engine.  Outside of the car, the scenery flashed by, blurring into nothingness.
Steve was forming loaves on the board now, big, round domes of pale dough.  “You didn't eat much.”
Steve took a deep breath. “I don't think anyone has ever forced Tony Stark to do anything he doesn't want to do,” he said. “At least, not without some serious firepower involved.” He dropped the pencil into the pile, just to hear it rattle. “If he wanted to stop you, he would've, Jan.”
“No one ever said he makes good choices,” Tony said.  “Speaking of making incredibly poor choices, anyone know anything about the YouTube video I apparently made yesterday?”
He rinsed out the coffee pot, doing his best not to look at his latest bad decision.  It was hard.  The vase was sitting right next to the sink, a massive arrangement of red and white roses surrounded by holly leaves.  It had seemed like such a good idea when he’d ordered it, but a lot of bad ideas seemed like good ideas at two am on a sleepless night.
"Well, I'd know." Tony rubbed the small of his back, trying to get the kinks out. It was not going to happen. "Anyway-"
“Professional decorating crew is coming in 48 hours before the start of the party,” Jan said.  “Which brings to me to my next point.”  She turned around, collecting a box from her chair and putting it on the table.  “I want mistletoe.”
Steve considered that.  “Is that why I'm still trying with the dance lessons?” he asked.  And why Tony's hand stroking his hair had felt so good.  His face felt hot, and he focused on drinking his water.
“Absolutely nothing over a thousand dollars,” Tony said, because Steve made the best faces when he was trying to repress a flinch.  Tony grinned as he headed for the kitchen door.  “Five thousand.  Max.”
“Need to get dad,” Happy agreed.  “And it’s been an all day meeting, so you know he’s going to be cranky.”
“I think that it was late,” Steve said, choosing his words carefully.  “And I'm sure you just wanted to get to bed.  After all, you caught the perpetrator, and it was late.”
His eyes snapped open.  Pepper.  Pepper.  That was bad.  That was all bad.  Pepper shouldn’t see, couldn’t-  The words were jumbled in his head, but his body was already moving, his hands pushing against the stone, trying to get his legs under him.
“Very good, sir,” Jarvis said, ignoring the way that Steve was chuckling, his face buried in his folded arms.  “I have informed her as to your location.”
“The only thing that really stops me is the knowledge that I’d have to figure out how to get the blood out of the carpet,” Natasha said.  Tony was pretty sure she wasn’t joking. “Still. I expect that your appreciation for my restraint will be reflected in my Christmas bonus.”
“I think you should take your gloves off and have some breakfast,” Tony said, because Harris looked like he was going to have a stroke.  “Monique bought those off of one of the maintenance crew.”  He reached for an empty coffee cup.  “You can have clean boots, but no one’d believe a welder with clean gloves.”
“Oh for Christ's sake!” Morrison said, his face twisted into an expression of disgust. “Have you no shame?”
“Sorry, I-” Steve started, and she pulled a gun from the holster under her arm.
He’d tasted of chocolate and champagne.  Steve decided not to mention that.  “Are you?”
“It wasn't first on the agenda,” Steve said.  “Is there etiquette for that?”
Thor came barreling out of the sky, a streak of silver and red, splitting the air behind him with a crack of thunder.  He shot forward, Mjolnir leading the way, straight for the back of the robot's head.  The robot turned, to meet him, one hand coming up in an arc like a whip snapping through the air.  It collided with Thor with a crack of metal on metal, and Thor went flying.
“But for this,” he said, not put off in the least, “you're looking for something that isn't there.”
“Sounds like someone IS planning on-”
“It would also explain how the kidnappers got into the house,” Steve said.  “I’m assuming Stane has a key.”
“I cannot imagine how that happened, but I suspect you used your wiles on Potts.”
Tony's chin dipped in a slow, deliberate nod.  “I'm not saying Bucky's right about this-”
“You gotta admit, man, this is a fucked up situation, this is a problem that you are going to deal with, but no, I don't think that you giving Tony your tags and finding it hot that he actually chose to wear them is one of those problems.”  He shrugged.  “Welcome to a long history of military folk who've given someone the least romantic present either.”
Jarvis considered him over the rim of his tumbler.  “That there is one very particular little boy who needs you.”
"I'll be having a tray," Tony said.  "A double portion of shortcake, and-"
“No,” Steve said.  “He’s not prone to violence.  He’s a fast talker and a schemer, but he’s not a fighter.” He stepped in front of Tony, and Tony let him.  “But a desperate man does desperate things.”  He opened the door, letting the shield lead the way.
“Yes?”
"Like a deer in the headlights," he admitted.  He took a seat opposite Steve, his hands folded on the gleaming wood of the conference table.  "So.  Hi."  He gave a little wave.  "We're married."
She stopped, her mouth going tight, and it was Natasha who continued.  “Who knew you’d stumble into a completely different trap on the way to ours?” she asked, her voice bright.
“No smoothies,” Tony said, “you haven't finished recalibrating the-”  He stopped.  “Aaaaaand he's gone.  Why do I bother?  Seriously.  Why?  He doesn't listen, it's all I can do to keep him from lighting something on fire, and one of these days, he's going to do that, and tell Steve it was me, and Steve will believe him, because-” He threw his hands up.  “We're sleeping tonight,” he yelled across the workshop.  “Because I'm losing it!”
DJ wasn’t sure if Harris was talking to him, but he nodded anyway.  “It’s a small company,” he said. “When I found him.  Just a few people.  They were-  Were running a Kickstarter.  To finish their game.  And it wasn’t you, but it was you, and…”  His shoulders jerked up in a shrug.  “Wanted him to finish his game.”
Tony looked like his jaw was going to break.  “Give me one good reason-” His phone rang again, and Tony stabbed at it.  “Pepper, no, seriously, I can’t tell you why, I just-”
Tony took the cup.  “Acceptable,” he said, as DJ gave Steve a cup as well.  “Did you make it?”
“No, really,” Rhodey said, waving him off.  “Clint.  Why?”
“Something like that, yes, good, you may stick around and do the verbal heavy lifting for us,” Tony told her.  He leaned over the workbench, his eyes narrowing on DJ's work.  “What are you up to?” he asked.
“Stoners,” Clint said.  “Stoners with less than five bucks left to their name.”
“I don’t care, I could’ve DRIVEN the TRUCK.”
“I have no interest in your orders, and as I said, I have no interest in hosting any occupying force,” Tony said, refolding the pages.  He flicked them towards the front door, the gesture disdainful and dismissive. “If you insist upon waiting, you may do so outside.”
Jan took another bite, her eyes never leaving Steve's.  He could almost see the wheels turning behind those remarkable eyes, her quick mind making connections he wasn't sure he wanted her to make.  She set the rest of the toast down and dusted off her fingers on a cloth napkin.  “This is important to you.”
“Your twitter feed is on fire,” she pointed out.
“You are trying to kill me,” Iron Man said, and Tony hated him for having the breath to form words.  “I am an old man, and every time you pull this shit, you take another ten years off of my life, and guess what, kid?  I don’t have that many years to give up.  You pull this, and I’m-”
Tony grabbed a coffee cup from the cabinet, knocking it shut with a bump of his elbow, and reached for the coffee pot.  But before he could pick it up, he stopped, his hand hanging in mid-air.  He glanced up at the cabinet, his pulse suddenly loud in his ears.
Steve’s mouth fell open.  “Am I what?”
“Go to work,” Pepper said.
“I’ll ring.”  Bruce.  “Can you-”
"Well, now we have no choice," Tony said to him.  "Because Natasha caught him.  And now we've got him.  What are we supposed to DO with him, if murder is off the table?"  He stared at Bruce.  "Any suggestions?"
Steve smiled.  "Well, I've been accused of many things, but smart and easy-going don't often make the list."  He looked at the boy, with his white lips and his red rimmed eyes.  "So.  Am I like you?"
“It absolutely wasn’t,” Darcy said.  She gave Harris a quick kiss, ruffling his hair with one hand.  “How’re we doing?”
"Yes!  Hide."  The boy nodded, a firm dip of his chin.  "Be safe.  Okay?"
“Good bye,” she said.  “It was very nice meeting you again.”
He really didn’t want to think about what he was letting happen here.
Steve grinned down at DJ.  “What shall we do while we wait for dinner?”
“Of course.”
Tony chuckled.  “Maybe.  Stop falling over when you're standing still on the floor, and I'll consider giving you the ability to hurt yourself when you're asleep.”
“Yeah, I don’t-” Steve started, because his face already felt hot.  Not that was unusual, it was cold and they were running, of course he’d start flushing.
Ellen rolled her eyes, and snatched the chipped cup from the top shelf.  “I withdraw my offer of tea,” she said, stomping back into the living room.
“You really sassing the man who’s paying your return fare?” he asked, making a shooing motion.  Laughing, jostling, the boys allowed themselves to be herded towards the doors.  Steve looked back towards Tony.  “Stay here.”
Tony went, without a single glance back.  He was proud of himself for that.
“And I have no interest to know who you are,” she said, her voice crisp.  “And I shall not-” was as far as Agatha got before Harris bonked her in the head with the handle of his broom.
“He fills it up and waits for the tub to absorb the heat, then drains it and refills it with fresh hot water,” Tony said.  “And that’s when he adds the bath salts and anything else, so-”  Steve was staring at him, a frankly pitying look on his face.  Tony sighed.  “Fine, I’ll do it myself.  Eat.”
DJ opened his hands.  “Unlocked,” he said, holding up a piece of plastic, the size and shape of the con badge.  He turned it over, letting the light play over the metallic surface.  “VIP Pass.”
Jan nodded.  "Right, right.  So, Tony does not suffer boredom lightly, and pretty much everything bores him.  But for some reason, he's still hanging around you after all these years, so I think we're safe."  She smiled.  "He likes 'em smart, and you?"  She poked Steve lightly in the middle of his chest.  "You're smart."
“What qualifies as a 'porny' one, Tony?”
“Just...  Just replace random nouns with dirty words and I'll take it,” Tony said, just to hear him laugh.
“The appropriate references have been forwarded to your phone’s browser,” Jarvis said.  “The Guggenheim pages are very informative.”
“The POINT,” Tony said, “is that, honestly, we had reason to think that it was just another photo spot that they'd set up, and-”
Tony studied him.  The knockoff Iron Man costume didn’t fit quite right, a little too short for his arms, leaving his wrists bare, and the fabric bunched around his knees, the plastic plates jostling against each other as he shifted in his seat.  With the coffee cup clutched against his chest and a day’s growth of beard on his jaw, he looked exhausted and more than a little hungover.
“Any number of things,” Stark said, his voice flippant.  He pulled the sealed envelope from the file, tossing the rest of the paperwork down on the table.  “What's this?” he asked, turning it over in his hands.
“And yet, it’s the least of my problems,” Coulson said.  Trip tried for a feint towards the back door, and he thrust out a hand, blocking her way.  “Can we please stop this?”
"Well, that was pretty fucking stupid," Tony said, and Sam's lips twitched.
“Every damn day,” Steve gritted out.  “Drive.”
Jarvis paused at a door, shifting Steve's hat and bag into one hand.  “Here we are, Officer.”  He pushed it open, waving Steve into the room.
Tony was already shaking his head.  “We destroyed everything.  Too much of a temptation, even for people who have good intentions, and a potential weapon for anyone without bad intentions.”  He picked up a juice box and pulled the straw free with a flourish.  “And sometimes it’s hard to tell the difference between the two.”
“Pepper told me,” Steve said, the soul of patience.
“And that’s likely because of this,” May said, slipping the cup from his fingers.  He made a pained noise and a futile grab for it, but she was already putting it back on the tray. “You may have a cup with your cake.  If you finish your dinner.”  She gestured at DJ, who was now studying the door panels, his fingers tracing along the carvings.  “You have a child to set an example for now.”
Steve looked at Tony’s back, waiting to see if he’d respond.  When he didn’t, Steve nodded.  “Thank you.  We’ll be in touch.”
“When you make them, when you taste one, is that all tied up in the person who taught you?” Rhodey asked.  “On some level, can you fully separate the gift of the recipe, of the knowledge of how you make it, from the person who gave it to you first?”
“It's decaf, you know that, right?”
“No.”  Harris took a vicious bite of his sandwich.  “And neither should you.”
"And I'm dying, so..." Tony rolled over, burying his face in his pillow.  "Again.  Fuck.  Off."
Tony refused to hope. “Then where was he?”
Tony stopped.  His eyes squeezed shut.  “Please tell me I was wearing pants.”
"Good."  Tony nodded, his head bobbing drunkenly.  "Make me proud, kid."
“Thank you,” he said, fumbling to get the book in front of him out of the way.  “What’s the atomic number of Helium?”
“And I am instantly not the most immature person in this room,” Peter said, squaring his shoulders.  “I am… Not the most immature.”
T’Challa’s eyes slid shut, and Steve hid a smile behind his hand.  “I’m sure the next few weeks will just fly by,” he said.
“And I'm going to get myself out of this mess,” Clint said.  He wiggled a bit, his free leg flopping through the air.  “Huh.  How long until this stuff dissolves, Pete?”
“Pepper, seriously, can we just-”
“It’s one of your finer qualities,” Jarvis agreed.
“Right, you do make it seem quite simple,” Tony said.  His eyes rolled in Natasha’s direction. “And the larger of our troublemakers?”
“Yeah, sure,” Sam said.  “That, and also, how to run an effective sword check station when half your attendees are carrying blades the size of your left leg.”
“I mean, I have to trust you,” Bucky said.  “I can’t-”  He stopped, his eyelids fluttering.  “Remember.”
The door to the kitchen swung on its hinges, but didn’t open.  Everyone froze.  “Uh.”  The door twitched open again and Bruce peered around the edge.  “I…” He held up a coffee cup, waving it into the kitchen like the white flag that it was.  “Just need tea?”
Steve stared at her.  She stared back, her head cocked to the side.  “You do realize that Prohibition is over, don’t you?” he asked.  “You can… Buy liquor now.”
“There usually is,” Steve said, and he already had his phone out.  “I’ll call you a cab, Peter.”
“Absolutely not,” Pepper said, her voice tight.  “Lobby.  Ten minutes.”
“You're fired,” Stark muttered, turning back to the light fixture, the rod thrown easily over his shoulder.
Steve pivoted on his heel and started jogging again.  Sam caught up to him in a matter of seconds, falling back into step next to him.  He stared up at Steve, his eyebrows arched.  “No,” Steve said, because it was clear that Sam wasn’t going to let this go.
She turned around fast enough to catch the look of shock on Steve's face, and a smile broke over her face.  “Calling in the troops,” she said, crossing to the pantry door.  A moment later she emerged, a bowl of eggs braced on one hip and a basket of potatoes in her other hand.
Tony’s hand slid down to cup Steve’s ass.  “Pretty damn fine,” he said, and Steve burst out laughing.
“Aunt May!”  He grabbed his robe, struggling to pull it on as he shouldered his way out of his room.  “Aunt May, there’s a fire, the boat house is-”
“Here, I've got him,” Rogers said, stepping around Tony.  He crossed to the loveseat, and leaned over to scoop the boy up against his chest.  DJ settled into his arms, letting out a massive yawn before he buried his face in Rogers' shoulder.  “Brat,” Rogers said, but the look on his face was soft and affectionate, so full of warmth that Tony's stomach rolled over.
“Why am I here?”  His father scooped up a piece of sushi, popping it into his mouth.  He seemed to take his time chewing, and DJ waited, his heel bumping against the leg of his chair.  His father set his chopsticks down.  “There’s a lot of things I don’t understand,” his father said at last.  He met DJ’s eyes with a crooked smile.  “And I’m okay with that.  I’m okay with things I don’t know, things I don’t understand.”
"Just Steve is fine, Jarvis."  Steve pointed back towards the kitchen.  "That wasn't French."
Tony sank down to the edge of DJ’s bed, trying to steady his hands, his heart.  He reached out, burying his fingers in Furbro’s fur. “You’d better bring him home,” he said, to the empty room.  “Damn you, Rogers.  You’d better bring him back home.”
“You don’t say.”  She smiled down at DJ.  “Long time no see, trouble.  How’re we doing?”
“And another two that have been plastered over,” Rogers said.
Steve choked on a laugh.  "We've only got the one, and I still feel outnumbered."  He paused, trying to gauge her mental state.  "Can I buy you a cup of coffee?"
Logan's smile was quick and sharp.  “We both know that's not true.”  He pushed the door open.  “Be careful.  It's easy to make enemies when you step out of line.”  And then he was gone.
He nodded, and she reached for the milk jug.  Clint ducked around her, setting a plate of toast and eggs in front of Stark.  He raised his eyebrow, and said something.  Steve blinked at him as the run of syllables went in all directions, a pure rush of gibberish.  Stark nodded, and said something back.
Tony spared her a cutting glance.  “Where the hell is Sam?  Sam is supposed to-” He shook his head.  “He's going to need Sam, and-”
“Thank FUCK,” Sam said, grabbing Steve by the shoulders.
The crowd cheered, and it was over.   Feeling relieved and foolish and elated in equal parts, he turned to smile at the crowd.  He gave a little wave as someone threw confetti into the air.  It fluttered down around them, and he laughed. "Thank you, much appreciated, who's next, because-"
“Yes, it is.”  Grinning, DJ pushed the door open, slipping out of the car and dragging his bag after him and shifting it onto his shoulder.  Furbro disappeared into his sweatshirt, curling up under the fabric.  “Thank, Happy.”
“I am going to burn it,” Tony said, trying to ignore the small spike of petty pleasure that thought brought.  “Pour very expensive brandy on the whole lot and laugh as it burns to ashes.”
“Refrigeration,” Steve said.
“I had quite forgotten about the time you chose to raise bullfrogs in your mother’s fountain,” Jarvis said.  “And the night when they escaped into the great hall and then down into the kitchens, causing half the maids to quit in less than an hour.”  He paused.  “Including the chef and the entire kitchen staff.”
“DJ, tell him to let me have fun,” Jan said.  She ducked her head behind his.  “Tony, you should let Jan plan our movie night!” she said, mimicking a little boy’s voice.
Darcy held up her wand.  “Aisle six,” she announced, her voice loud enough to carry.  “You just have to pay for the upgrade.”
Tony took a deep breath.  “Someone is always coming for you,” he said, trying to make that calm.  Steady.  “I can't promise it'll always be me, Deej.  I know-”  He stopped, his throat closing up on the words.  “I know I can't promise that.  I try hard not to lie to you, because I know that's something you need, that's something I need, too.  To try not to lie to you.  Especially when it's something like this.  When it's important.
She shrugged.  “We always know when you’re coming, because the number of roombas doubles.”  She gave him a smile.  “Six-fifty.”
“You’re the only one who can control Mr. Stark,” Aunt May said, her voice brisk. “I’ll get DJ.”
DJ looked at Hulk.  "Pizza," he said, and Hulk nodded.  DJ grinned at him.  "Want to swim?"
“Can we please just call the service?” Jess mumbled into Carol’s shoulder.  Carol patted her gently on the head and she made a sad noise.  “I really like our cleaning service.”
“Okay,” Steve said.  “What do you need?”
Shuri rolled her eyes.  “No, he won’t.  You know why?”
“He’s lost it,” Billy said, somewhere behind him, and he didn’t even sound surprised.
“Right, so that’s now your job,” Clint said, grinning at him.  DJ grinned back.  “
Okoye paused, one hand braced on her hip, the other cradling the strap of her handbag.  “What?” she asked, one eyebrow arched.  “At a tattoo shop, in a bad part of the city, before noon, on a weekday?”
Bobbi gave Clint a look.  “I don't see why I should, get your own jar,” she said, but she tucked the spoon between his lips anyway.
“Practice,” Steve said, sitting back down  Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Tony try to hide his smile behind the palm of his hand, and Steve kicked him under the table.  “Right.  So the holiday party?”
“Yes, you can,” Darcy said.  “How sparkly are we talking here?”
“Bad enough,” Steve told her.  He looked at Jan.  “Not as good as Tony.”
Tony finished wiping down his station with his usual obsessive attention to detail before he straightened up.  “Still down in Washington with Isaiah,” he said, frowning at a smudge on the gleaming metal countertop.  He bent over it, scrubbing with more enthusiasm than the small spot really warranted.  “I don’t think he’s coming back.”
Tony looked at him, confused, and Steve’s lips twitched into a faint shadow of a smile.  “A father might not be willing or able to pay the ransom, but if grandma or a great-uncle is pulled in, that changes things.”
“I just ran a few miles,” Steve pointed out, as Jan dragged him towards the elevator.  “I think I've stretched.”
Steve leaned into his touch.  “I don't know, nineteen, I think?” He smiled at Tony.  “He was right.  Guy was more than willing to play me along, but wasn't...  Honest.”
“You’re an idiot,” Tony said, his tone dispairing.  “Look-”
“Off,” he rumbled.
DJ nodded, and Steve took a quiet step back.  He could wait for his ride outside.
Steve sucked in a breath, and it shuddered through him.  “You do okay when you're flying,” he managed.  His voice was shaky on the edges of the words, unsteady in between them.  But he was breathing.  He could breathe.  His legs felt unsteady, and he lowered himself back down onto the bench while he still had something resembling control.
Harris watched him go.  “It’s going great,” he said to Darcy, his voice bright.
Jarvis gave him a bright smile.  "Arms up, please," he said, and before Steve knew what was happening, the jacket was being settled over his shoulders.  Jarvis took a step back, his mouth pursed.  "Hmmmm.  Too tight across the back."
“You hear correctly,” Pepper said. “Jan, let me walk you out.”
His fingers slid against the line of Steve’s jaw, his thumb brushing against Steve’s lower lip.  “I’ve thought of kissing you so often,” he whispered, and Steve’s whole body arched off the couch, pressing against Tony’s.  Tony’s thumb teased his lips, and Steve let his mouth fall open.  Tony exhaled, and it shuddered in the air between them.  “This is, so, so much better than I could ever have imagined.”
“I kind of am, and that seems like the wrong reaction,” Tony said, and Steve kissed him on the temple, knocking his baseball cat askew.  Tony gave him a joking shove, and Steve leaned into his hand.
Steve sighed.  “Flamin’ Hot Cheetos.”
He leaned in.  “The important thing is, you can control it.  You can control how this happens.”
Tony smiled.  “I’m sure he would.”  He took a step back, studying the board.  Then, not really sure why he was doing it, he reached out, plucking one of the white knights from the board.  He rolled it back and forth between his fingers.  “I’m sure he would.”
Steve stood, frozen in the door, watching in stunned silence as Tony pushed the blueprints flat with one quick sweep of his hand, the tip of his pencil darting over the paper.
“Yeah, hugs are good,” Clint said, opening his arms.  DJ scrambled forward, pushing into the shelter of Clint's body.  Clint, his chest aching, hugged him close, trying not to think about how even the weight of the blankets couldn't hide how small he was.
“You gotta love it when your very good advice comes back to bite you on the ass,” Luke said to Steve.
Tony stared down at his plans, his forehead wrinkling as he tried to murder the idiot who'd made them with his mind..  "Good.  Destruction is fun," he said.  He dropped the plans to the workbench, huffing out a breath.  "Let's find you something else that I won't miss because-"
Steve grinned at him.  “I think you do,” he agreed, reaching for Tony.  “C’mere, your feet…”
DJ looked up.  “No,” he said, so firmly that Tony couldn’t hold back a laugh.
“I'm going to remind you,” Natasha said, her voice bored, “once again, that you know absolutely nothing about women.”
Tony nodded.  “He seems to be doing just fine for himself.”
“Never.”
When Tony finally pulled back, they were both breathing hard.  “God, you’re dangerous.”
Trip looked at the kid.  “Do they really want to get married?”
Tony winced.  Pepper swearing was not a good sign.  “It's not that big of a deal, it's not like we really got-”
“The-” Tony turned back towards the hall just in time to see the potted plant in the corner make a scooting movement sideways.  “Right.  Herd him towards the billiard room?”
“I’m gonna say better,” Rhodey said.  “In that my mother can’t bring me up on charges and have me dishonorably discharged.”
Tony’s eyebrows arched.  “So?”
But Steve glanced back at him, a wooden spoon in one hand and the lid of the pot in the other, his face splitting in a grin.  "Welcome home," he said, and Tony couldn't breathe for a second.
“We're not in Europe and that's indecent,” Rhodey said.  He splashed water at Stark's feet, and Stark took a hopping step to the side, avoiding the water as it splashed along the tile.
"I don't object to the story being told, I object to it being told without the express permission of the person it's being written about," she said.
“You can borrow my rolling pin.”  Steve kissed Tony on the top of the head.  “He's sick, so you've got a chance.”
Steve nodded.  “Right.”  He took a deep breath.  “Right.”
Pepper heaved a sigh.”Can you slow down, please?” she asked.  She reached out, catching his sleeve.  “Tony.  I refuse to run in these shoes.  The heels would probably survive, but I'm not certain my ankles would.”
“Yeah, he’s the one who escalated it,” Peter said.  “He’s been talking about wanting to remodel.  Now…  Now he has to.”
Rhodes considered that, his eyes narrowed.  “Well,” he said at last, “he’s cheap.”
“More guards, less visibility, and a general tightening of security,” Obie said immediately.
She was shaking now, hard enough that he could feel it, her breath coming in rapid, audible pants.  But her voice, when it came, was surprisingly steady.  “I've been better.”
“It has been a long time since I saw that symbol.” Her eyes narrowed into sharp slits.  “A very long time.”
“If you can’t pretend to be polite, you can wait over there, while the rest of us get through this,” he said.  Tony opened his mouth, and Harris stabbed a finger towards the door.  “No.  If you can’t be civilized, then you can wait over by the souvenir table.  Pick out a shirt.  I don’t care.  Just be polite, for once in your life.”
Harris tugged his arm out of Darcy’s grip, his voice rising.  “DJ?”
“Yes, well, there's a reason for that,” Phil told him.  “Because it was.”
“Dial it back, Peter,” Steve said.
“Rhodes is a bad influence,” Tony said.  “Jess and Carol are determined to eat me out of house and home,  Clint’s burrowing through my stuff right now-”
Steve squeezed his eyes shut.  “Kamala brought her friend Sam down,” he said, his voice dire.  “Between them and Eli, Isaiah seems to think that he's got the makings of a great new kitchen staff.  Or army.”  He pushed himself up, rubbing his forehead.  “With Isaiah, it could be either.  Or both.”
“I thought she was doing the bathroom,” Jessica said.
“She rented Radio City Music Hall,” Steve said, cutting him off.
Tony's head bobbed, the barest hint of a nod, and he allowed Steve to muscle him across the parking lot towards his truck.
“I’ll talk to you on camera if you delete that now,” Steve said, bracing his hands on his counter.  His face felt like it was on fire, and judging by the impish, brilliant smile she gave him, it was obvious, even in the low light.  “Right.  Now.”
He grinned at mob, raising his bottle up over his head.  “Did I find me a party?” he asked, the words slurring into each other.  His head rolled to the side, and he scrubbed at his nose with the back of one hand, splashing liquor down the front of his filthy jacket.  “What’s…”  He stopped, his gaze going glassy for an instant.  He blinked, and he cast about, confusion sweeping over his face until he looked over, catching Steve’s eye.  His face split in a grin.
"Why?"  Steve walked across the lobby with her, his hands braced on his hips.  "What do they want?"
“I’m-  I’m going to go now,” Steve said.
“Person’d have to be pretty stupid, to get distracted from one trap by another one,” Steve agreed with a tight smile.
“I don't want to leave you alone,” Steve said.
Tony blinked at her.  “Don't?” he repeated.
Pepper picked up her coffee cup.  “We can't be held accountable for what they do with it,” she said, her voice quiet.
“Going,” Tony said, and took off, Steve held securely in one arm.  “Hold on, we're going to have to do some catching up.”
Steve froze, his face going blank.  Tony, with no graceful way to withdraw, just doubled down on the contact, cradling Steve’s head between his palms.  To his surprise, instead of pulling away, Steve leaned into the contact, like a child seeking comfort.  Ignoring the uncomfortable ache in his chest, Tony leaned forward, pressing a soft kiss to Steve’s unruly locks.
She leaned in, her face a hard mask as she held Stane’s eyes.  “I can, and I will, kill you.  Nod if you understand.”
"There was a fake thing," Tony said.  "A ridiculous fake thing, and we were wearing formal clothes, it was-"  He didn't know how to explain this without it sounding insane, but he suspected there was no good way to do it, other than to do it.  “We did a photo op.”
He’d done a lot of stupid things in his life.  This, however, might’ve been the stupidest.
“Never going to happen.  Unlike you, I’ve got my shit together.”  Sam leaned back in his chair.  “Now all we have to do is find you some pants.”
“That’s not fair,” Tony bit out, frustration spiking through him.
“Al made tea,” Jesse said brightly. “While we waited for you. Wasn't that nice of him?”
“I guess they decided to get married?” Duck asked, his salt and pepper eyebrows arched.  “Are you really implying that this is all a cover for making their way to a country halfway around the world to get married in secret?”  He shook his head, his pen working its way across the page in front of him.  “Except it wasn't secret, was it?”  He looked up.  “You're saying they flew halfway around the world to get married in the middle of a Pride celebration.”
There was a beat of silence.  “You're fucking kidding me,” Clint said.
Jarvis frowned at him.  “Because you were already acting like one,” he said, but there was none of the sternness or disapproval that Tony had expected.  “And perhaps because you are feeling like one.”
Tony resisted the urge to make an obscene gesture in his direction.  “Yes, ma’am.”
“Good to know.  Next time, schedule your food truck festival when I don't have DJ for the weekend and I'll come with you.”
“Open the wine?  I'll bring the rest of it over,” Steve said.
“Stay with Clint,” Clint parroted.  “Where’s Clint going?”
“I’m not leaving,” Bruce said.  He grabbed a napkin.  “Can we just…” He tapped his pen against the napkin, a nervous little flicker of movement.  “Accept that?  Gracefully?  Or as gracefully as you can manage?”
“No.”  Tony’s head came up, and his glasses were crooked on his nose now.  Steve slipped them off of his nose.  Tony arched an eyebrow at him. “Rude.”
“That explains so much.”  Pepper sidestepped a workbench, and Tony's hands closed on her waist, lifting her up and over a spare piece of equipment before setting her feet back on the workshop floor.  “I thought you just followed the music.”
“I’ve had worse, too,” Tony said.  “Did you not hear me about the eggs?”
Okoye looked at Moondragon.  “Is that a chocolate croissant?”
Steve blinked.  "I'm sorry, I didn't-"
Bucky was sprawled over one end of the couch, draped over the arm, his hand trailing down to the ground.  His face was mostly hidden under his hair, but he was snoring, the sound echoing out from under the strands.  One of his legs was stretched along the back of the couch,  his bare foot resting on Tony's hip, and the other was folded under him at an awkward angle.
“You're learning how to dance?  From Clint?” Luke asked Steve.
“Carol…” Steve said, and she leveled a look in his direction.
“Yes.  That’s what we’re suggesting,” Greer said.  She’d tucked both her knees under the hem of her sweater, and now sat as a warm looking green yarn-covered lump.
"Protestants just don't have the same flair, it's true," Jarvis mused.  He smiled at Steve, and there was a hook there now, in the kindly warmth of his smile, in the sparkle that lurked in his eyes.  "I shall be happy to begin making up a room in the servants quarters, if you'd truly be more comfortable there?"
“Post their hours,” Rhodes said, striding down the street, his long legs eating up the distance without giving any impression of rushing.  He had a calm sort of confidence about him, and Steve got the feeling that he didn’t have to depend on the sword strapped to his hip very often.
Behind her, Ben held up two rocky fingers.  “Two,” he mouthed, and Jan gave him a wink.
“You’re close enough to my size, you can borrow whatever you want,” Harris said.  He paused, not sure how to say this.  “Before, we got you Thor’s sweatshirt? Do you want-”
“And I now I've got a pretty picture, so it seems like that's working out for me,” Jess said, her tone arch.  She gave Carol a smirk. “Don't be jealous.  Once I've got it properly displayed, I'll let you come and look at it.”
"Don't care," DJ repeated.
He couldn’t sleep.  Or maybe, he didn’t even try.
Tony paused.  “One of these things is not like the others, and I’m not sure I trust any of them,” Tony said.  “Can I get a translation, Jarvis?”
Tony stared them down.  “Because it’s a number, and numbers-”  He tossed some more pages, because it made DJ laugh.  “Are boring.”
O'Brien rocked back in his chair, sending it tipping back on the back legs.  The wood squeaked, pushed to its limits, before the chair fell back into place.  "You heard of Anthony Stark?"
“The wrong sort of Irish?” Rhodes repeated.
Billy looked at Steve.  Steve looked at him, at Happy, and back.  “I’ll vouch for him.”
“We have cars, some of them even run,” he said, shrugging out of his jacket.  He tossed it aside, the fabric falling over the hood of another car.  He didn't seem to notice.  Or care.
Everyone looked.  The sign, hanging just over the strip, read “Welcome to Las Vegas!” and below that, a scroll of different events and their dates.
“All books are good books,” May said, pouring Jarvis another cup of tea.  “But some are more interesting for children.  DJ, dear, would you like to go and get a book from the library?” She smiled at him. “Then perhaps Officer Rogers will read it to you.”
He barely had time to react before Clint came crashing through the crowd, leaving chaos in his wake.  In one smooth, fluid motion, he skidded to a stop in front of Tony.   “What are you-” Tony resisted the urge to give him a swift, hard kick in the ass.  “Jesus, Barton!”
“I’d say, you should ask him, but I’ve known him long enough to know that that’s not as easy as it seems,” Rhodey said.  “Sure.  You want to meet somewhere for breakfast, or-”
“Because something else was up?” Pepper asked.  Peter uncovered DJ’s ears and covered his own.  Pepper gave him a sideways look. “Sorry, Peter.”
“There is no solution to this problem,” Harris said, morose.
Smiling, Steve smoothed down the blueprints next to his plate.  He didn’t know what they were for, he didn’t have the technical background to figure that out.  But he could see the artistry in them, the beauty of the lines, the smooth, steady hand that had gone into the work.  He reached out, tracing a fingertip along one arch.
She smiled back, her face going soft . “Really?” she said.  She took the cup from him.  “Thank you.”
“It wasn’t mate.”
Steve paused halfway to the kitchen.  “I don't know if it would survive anything that...  Energetic.”
He doubted that would happen.  But strangely enough, he also believed she was going to try.  There was a sort of sincerity to her, maybe it was the stubborn line of her jaw, or the way she looked at him, without disdain or pity or judgment.  She was a strange one, but he'd known a lot of tough women in his life.  His neighborhood was full of them, and she didn't seem so different, despite her fancy clothes and fancier manners.
“I haven't cleaned,” Tony said, leaning forward at Steve's collarbone.  “It's a pit.”
Steve took them off, flexing the hinges.  "Loaners," he said, and before Tony could breathe a sigh of relief, Steve put them back on.  Tony stared at him, resigned.  Steve smiled.  "Pick a number between zero and nine."
“That and a slice of bread with raspberry jam, and he seemed quite pleased,” Mrs. Parker said.  She had a hand on Peter’s shoulder, and he was leaning into her, just a little, his reedy form seeming to be smaller than Tony remembered.  “We all had a snack, and DJ fed Furbro some bits of cheese.”
Clint stared at him.  “Needs a hat,” he said, and went back to his breakfast.
“On her, it's charming,” Luke said, with a grin.  “Somehow.”
He looked up.  “Sit there for that long with his head in your lap.”  Sam stared at him.  Tony waved at the bed.  “Like that.”  Sam still looked blank, and Tony frowned.  “Don't you-”
“No,” Jan said, but Carol kept going as if she hadn't said a word.
Tony stared at him, his heart in his throat.  “We tag-team Doom and I want lunch next week, too.”  Steve was laughing now, his face alive with it, and Tony knew this would be the ruin of him.  He wasn't sure he cared.
He didn't know what she meant, but somehow, he did.  “Aren't you going?”
“No.”
Steve moved, and Tony went tense, his whole body drawing up tight, clearly bracing himself for something, even if he didn’t know what it was.  But Steve brushed past him, calmly stepping around him and pivoting on his heel.  Putting himself between Tony and the window.  Blocking the shot for whoever might’ve been lurking outside.    Tony’s mouth feel open.  “What-”
“You fixed my shield.” Steve reached for it, and his hands were shaking as his fingers closed on the edges of the shield.  “Shuri.  You-”
Tony didn't smile, but he didn't scream, either.  He considered that a win.  "Right."  Bruce's arm relaxed as he took a step back, his hand sliding against Tony's chest, bracing him, holding him up.  Tony reached up, grabbing hold of his hand and squeezing.  "Is he-"
“No,” Tony told him.
Tony licked his lips.  “The papers.” He looked up, meeting Pepper's eyes.  “Tomorrow.  We're going to draw up the divorce papers.”  Her teeth sank into her bottom lip, her eyes going wet, and Tony struggled to smile.  “We'll-” He swallowed.  “We'll wait.  To file.  For the full six months.  But tomorrow.”  His eyes fell shut.  “I can't do this anymore.  I can't.  I'm-” He realized his fingers were fisted in the fabric of his shirt, his knuckled pressed hard against the arc reactor.  “I can't do this, Pepper.
“If I don't get a cup of coffee in the next thirty seconds, everyone in this room is fired,” Stark said, his voice dire.
Jesse gave her a look that was distinctly unimpressed.  "Shouldn't've drunk so much," she sing-songed, her head bouncing from side to side with each word.  The visual effect was enough to turn Ellen's stomach, and she slapped her pillow over her face.  "Your hangover is unimportant to me, wake up and smell the news."
Jan nodded.  “You're an idiot.”
“Is she asking you to propose, or to steal third?” Tony asked, because this conversation was no longer about him, and he hated when that happened.
He stopped, his coffee cup halfway to his mouth.  Slowly, he set it back down on the bench.  "Now, that's some very organized destruction," he said.  He leaned forward, considering the rows and rows of disassembled parts.  DJ had laid out the pieces in neat, symmetrical rows, sorted by size and type, the gears wiped clean and the broken parts isolated far away from the others, like they were an infection that had to be quarantined.
“Working on it,” Steve said, reluctantly putting the bag aside.  His suit was hanging in the closet and he grabbed it.  “Bucky decided I needed a wakeup call.”  A suspicious sound from Isaiah brought him up short.  He stopped, the suit falling to his side.  “You know, until I met you, I thought the word ‘chortle’ was made up.”
“Oh.  No, sir,” Jarvis said, shaking his head.  “The table got jostled, but he did not injure himself unduly.”
“Let's narrow it down, it's a big borough, Tony.”
“Steve.”  Tony was smiling at him, his expression almost gentle.  “Muscle memory,” he said, his lips barely moving.  “You know what to do.  You know how to do it.  Your body knows.”  His smile stretched, and it was beautiful, it was luminous.  And more than that, better than that, it was kind.  “Your head's getting in your way.”
“Pretty sure he’s still pretty good at curses,” Jess shot back.
“Welcome to the Avengers Tower holiday party!” Jan, clad in a red velvet dress trimmed with silver metallic snowflakes, spread her arms wide.  She was wearing silver fingerless gloves and a cunning little hat trimmed with silver lace and tiny silk poinsettias.  “We’re so glad you made it!
“No.”  The word came out of him, vicious and cold and very quiet.  Which didn't matter, because every other member of his team had apparently reached the same conclusion at the same moment.
“In a war zone?” Tony asked, grinning.  Steve gave him a shrug, one shoulder rising and falling, his face flushing.  Tony laughed.  “You’re perfect, you know that?”
The kid tapped the envelope against his palm.  "Yeah.  Right."  He nodded, once, and then a second time, stronger this time, and shoved it into.  "Tell...  Tell Mr. Stark thanks."
Nicholas shook his head.  “Even with your signature on the page, T’Challa, I suppose some part of me still didn’t believe it.  But here we are.”  He waved a hand at Steve.  “Here we both are.  God above, here we both are.”
Tony looked at Jess, who shrugged.  “I’m a lover, not a fighter,” she said, digging through the discarded bags, looking for more food.  “Is the book club the kind of club that has snacks?  Cause I’m down for speed reading the book while the brawl is happening and then jumping in when we get to the part with frittatas or mimosas or-”
“Legal,” Trip agreed.
“Yeah, yeah.” Clint glanced down at the cookie he was working on.  “Huh.  Going a little modern art there, aren’t you buddy?”
Rhodes looked up, his face puzzled.  “What?” He glanced over, and his expression relaxed into a smile.  “Oh, hello there.  Where did you come from?”
Tony realized that his hand was resting over the arc reactor, and he pulled it away.  “It’s just another place,” he said, trying for a smile.  He looked up, and the sky was thick and heavy, pressing down on him like a blanket.  “I’m a New York boy, that’s all.  Being able to see this much of the horizon is…  Unnatural.”
In the silence that followed, Clint hung up his phone with a flick of his thumb and tossed it onto the desk.  “Know what?  She’s fine with it,” he said, his voice bright.
“Oh, so the boy who spends all his time talkin' about his muscles is suddenly too weak to stir some sugar?  Interesting.  Maybe I should have you unload the canned good delivery alone this week.”
“You’re not planning on doing anything stupid out there, on your own, without back up, are you?” Rhodey asked.  “Just you and that shiny shield of yours?  Without anyone to help you?”
“Always,” Natasha said.  She gave Steve's shoulder a squeeze on her way past, and he smiled at her.
“Let’s be honest with ourselves,” Trip said, leaning forward.  “If the frame is nice enough, no one’s going to bother reading it.”
Tony’s eyes closed.  “Why is Clint in my bathtub?” he asked.  “And why are you here?”
“Think I'm dying,” Tony said, and Steve leaned over to press a kiss to his head.  Tony tried to fend him off with one hand.  “Get off, Rogers, I'm filthy.”
Tony pinched the bridge of his nose.  He took a deep breath.  “You know, if you’d asked me this morning what my absolute worst case scenario was for what that pack of jackals would come back with, I would’ve said that it was that you’re here to kill me.”  His hand fell to the table and he looked up.  “Who knew that ‘he’s running around the city fighting mobsters with just his bare fists and a trash can lid’ could actually beat that, in terms of nightmare scenarios?”
“Right,” Steve said.
Steve swayed on his feet, not sure why his heart was pounding so hard in his chest.  “What are you…”
He slowed, something prickling the skin on the back of his neck.  She smiled, just a little, and Tony took one more step, a pillar coming between them and breaking their eye contact.
“Oh.” Steve’s eyes snapped open again, meeting Tony’s over the bloom, and it was Tony, half hidden by flowers, those clear brown eyes blinking at him, half hidden by velvety petals.  Steve a sudden, sharp thought of how those petals would look on his skin, and his face heated.
"I had such fun!" she said.  She looked around, a pleased smile blooming on her face.  "I think it turned out really well.  This is going to be the party of the season."
Jarvis’ eyes shut, a faint shudder rolling over him.  “We do not discuss such things, sir, not since your adult teeth came in so fine and straight despite it.”  He took a deep breath.  “He has not hurt himself unduly.  He will likely have quite a bruise on his arm tomorrow, but Mrs. Parker is quite adept at kissing such things better.”
Tony nodded.  “Where did you go today?”
“Which is nice,” Tony admitted. “It's, it's a benefit to keeping you around, but-”
“Go to bed,” Steve said with a smile.
“Good morning,” Steve said, setting another potato on the pile.  “How many more of these do you-”
"Yes," Tony said with all due gravity.  "Yes, he is."
“Yeah, Steve was supposed to have him today, but there was that thing at the UN, and we're trying not to have any more international incidents this month, so-”
Pepper, amused, flicked through the twitter thread.  “And this retweet from ‘PoliticalAddict,’ ‘I thought there were only nine members of the committee.’”
“It’ll be-” The crowd parted, and at the far end of the aisle,  Harris caught a glimpse of Darcy, waving a hand in their direction.  There was a bag slung over her shoulder and a wand in her hand, and he caught himself grinning at her.  She grinned back, and made a ‘come on,’ gesture before she disappeared around the corner.  Harris wiggled between Tony and Clint.  “Over there.”
"Of course you are not, sir," Jarvis said, shutting the door behind him.  Having dispensed with the pleasantries of acknowledging his employer's existence, he turned his full attention to DJ.  "It is lunchtime.  Are you hungry?"
“Almost as if they’d been warned the raids were coming,” Natasha said.
Steve was suddenly in front of him, and Tony looked up, startled.  Steve's mouth opened, then closed.  Wordlessly, he held out a sheet of paper.  Never breaking eye contact, Tony took it from him.  Steve's throat bobbed as he swallowed.  “Tony.”
“I'm sure they are,” Rogers said.  “Never going to find my name on a list of the 'best people,' though, so I think I'll leave that to the social set.”
“Not hard to say,” Clint mumbled into his newspaper.  “They’re fucking.”  Bobbi kicked him under the table, and he gave a yelp. “What?  They are.”
Harris blinked.  And it was gone.
“Where are they now?” Steve asked.
“Think I can handle that,” he said, spreading his arms.  She wrapped her arms around his waist, burying her face in his shoulder.  Steve patted her gently on the back.  “We'll do everything we can to protect him, you know that, right?  To protect all of them.”
DJ nodded.  “Early,” he said, one finger sliding back and forth, scratching across the fabric of his pants.  His shoulders were tense.
He headed for the door, slipping the piece into his vest pocket.  “Now.  What were we talking about?”
“You told him?”
“We're not going to-” Steve started, and Tony planted a firm hand on his back.
Pepper smiled at him.  “I think you'll find someone waiting for you outside,” she whispered, and he nodded.  And with that, he was scrambling out the door and down the hallway, his feet flying over the floor.
“What do we do with him?” Jarvis asked.
Harris was more than half asleep in the shower when the buzzing of his phone finally penetrated.
“He was the one we could get through the front door without setting off every alarm bell you've got,” Tony said.  “And it's clear that Xavier's crew is going to be involved in this.”  He spread his hands wide.  "It's corporate synergy."
“I understand.  If you decide on a more technological approach…”  His words trailed away.  He knew better than to push.
“I mean, men aren’t really enthusiastic about it, either, but he really does think that he’s be reassuring,” Harris said.  He took a deep breath.  “I think he really is trying, Darce.”
"We won't have the flowers until the day of," Jan said, drawing his attention.  "Red dahlias and yellow roses, blue gladiolus and white lilies."  She grinned at him.  "Your colors."
“Yeah, well, let's make it clear.”
Steve didn't slow down.  “Oh, now you're talking?” he said, shifting his gym bag higher on his shoulder.  “You didn't say a word through that entire meeting, and now you've got something to say?”
“A very interesting question,” Tony said, his voice arching.  He pulled out a wire, ignoring the way it sparked between his fingers.  “Pep?  Do we have an answer to that very interesting question?”
Tony stared at him.  “How many options were there?”  He put together the second bowl of ramen with practiced ease.  “What the hell, Parker, were there options we don’t know about?”
“Others will enter the gates of the ferry and cross from shore to shore,
Steve stared at him.  Tony stared back.  Harris realized he was holding the sunglasses in both hands.  “What is happening here?” he asked.
One of Tony’s hands slipped free of the fabric of his shirt, coming up to stroke along the line of Steve’s jaw.  “You said.  Before the war.  Art school,” he repeated, his head tipping to the side.
“You drive a hard bargain,” Tony said.  “Take the box.  Leave me a cruller.”  Pleased with his deal, DJ snagged the box and bounced off towards the diagnostic station where Rhodey had left his armor.  Tony watched him go, and when he was out of earshot, gave Steve a look.  “You brought him down here to keep me from exploding.”
“Right,” Tony said, drawing the word out.  “You know where he is. You just can’t get him back from there.”  Stephen opened his mouth, and Tony’s whole body jerked forward, pulling hard against Steve’s hand.  “So I’m not seeing much of an improvement there, what I’m seeing is that you LOST my KID.”
“Almost certain it is,” Steve said.  “Sue, look, it's none of my business, really, but I think you have to give yourself more than a week to get used to the idea of government sponsored giant robots hunting children under the thin guise of protecting the population before you determine what you're going to do, or how you're going to handle it.
“You can either resent your status as the pizza heir, or you can embrace it,” Tony said.  He lifted the lid on the steamer.  “Besides, everyone likes pizza.”  Since Steve made no effort to move, he gestured at the broccoli.  “Hand me that, please.”
“Shouldn’t you be more disapproving of my deviant lifestyle?” Tony asked, and Jarvis went still.  He looked over, a mocking smile on his face.  “Shouldn’t you be glad that he’s gone?”  His cheeks ached, and he held the smile with a force of will.  “Just like I am?”
“Where are we going?” Steve asked as he pulled up next to her, suspicion pricking the edges of his mind.
The man twisted around, one hand swinging out in a wide, hard arc, and Peter had an instant to see it coming.  An instant, and then it was speeding straight for his face with all the force and speed of a cannonball.
Steve let out a bark of laughter.  “‘An annoyance,’” he said.  “Yes.  That’s a way to put it..” He didn’t want to meet Tony’s eyes now; he felt stripped bare in a way that he didn’t appreciate.  “There were never any anarchists.”
Steve found himself watching the skies.
“We do try to keep the kicking of puppies and shoving of old ladies on the down low,” Tony said.  “I don't know how much spin we can really do here-”
“You’ve got Tony,” Rhodey said as Steve turned back to them, his face set.
“Have things not worked out with Lady Sif, then?” Pepper asked.
He didn’t know this cup.
“He had a nightmare.  They both fell asleep while watching television.”
“We've got him,” Natasha told him.  “Where's Bobbi?”
“Of course he did,” Steve said.  He propped his chin on one hand.  “So.  You had no idea what he was saying.”
Steve choked on a laugh.  “You have to be bad at something, I suppose.”  Tony reached for the hot tap, and Steve kicked water at him, making him laugh.  “Don’t bother.  I’m done.”
“You’re probably going to break a lot of things,” Tony told DJ.  “There are a surprising number of breakable things in this house.”
She nodded. “It's a boilerplate, in any case, there's an expected format for this sort of thing.” She shifted her weight, her gaze sliding in Steve's direction. But Steve didn't meet her eyes, he just kept staring at the windows. Marcy looked back at Tony. “When you decide the specific circumstances-”
Harris gave her a suspicious look.  “This is because I threatened you with a broom, isn’t it?”
Tony took a deep breath.  “I'm a mechanic at heart, Steve,” he said, his voice blunt.  “And rings can be-”  He flexed his fingers.  “Small spaces and moving metal parts, if it gets caught on something...”
Tony braced a hand on the back of his chair, glaring across the table.  Furbro, wearing a bowtie and a bored expression, groomed a paw.  "If he sticks his head into the soup tureen..."
“He was an aaaaaaaaaaaass,” Peter said.
“Yes, sir,” Jarvis said, as May passed him the water.  He held it to Tony’s lips.  “Take a sip of this, if you could just-”  Tony took it and dumped it over his head, and Jarvis blinked.  “Or…  That.”
Steve's stomach was churning.  "It happens that often?"
Steve gave him a reassuring smile, and took a determined step forward.  Tony’s hand caught his elbow, dragging him to a stop.  “We’ll be right there,” he called to DJ, his eyes locked on Steve’s face.  “Give us a second, okay, buddy?”
“For Mr. Stark, and…”  Maguire fumbled in his pocket, coming up with a sheet of paper.  He held it out to Steve with a smile that bordered on a smirk.  “For you.”
“As will I.  Keep me informed, my friends.”
It wasn’t much, but it was the best he could do.
“Yes, but you won’t.” She leaned back in her seat.  “That was dumb, Clint.”
“Yes, your father would be proud of you,” Jarvis said, and Tony wanted to throw something.
Tony struggled to take a breath, and it came out in a cough.  “Bad lungs.  Bucky said-”
“I do not like that tone.”
Tony's eyes were scrunched closed, his nose wrinkled, and Steve was smiling at him, just a slight, soft smile that creased his cheeks.  It was the most intimate picture Ellen had seen in a long time.
“I am not nice, and I refuse to pretend to be nice,” Tony said.
“Yeah?”  Steve let him take his hand back.  “And what would that be?:
“Who's ready for a swim?”
Steve paused, halfway to the stove.  “I've got a shift,” he said.  “What's going on?”
“No wonder we can’t make rent,” he muttered under his breath, even as he hooked a foot under a shelf, tipping it up.
“Can we not?” Steve said, his head falling back.  He gripped the bench, wishing he was in the gym with the punching bag already.  Wishing that he could stop thinking, even for a few minutes.
The rim of the shield bit into Steve’s fingers, even through the heavy fabric of its carrying bag.  “But you came for me.”
“I doubt I'll have time.” The man shifted his case to his other hand.  “To my regret.”
“No,” Jan told her.
Tony collapsed next to him with a groan, burying his face in Steve's stomach.  “Simple human compassion,” he groused, one hand sliding under Steve's shirt, his fingers rough against Steve's skin.
“Right, out of context, that’s-” Carol started, and Jess kept going.
“SHIELD strike team coming in from the East,” Clint said, his voice laconic.  “Traffic's a bear, but we should be able to sweep the ground before-”
“Damn right,” Tony said, turning his attention back to the camera.  “Hey, fuckers that aren’t Parker.  Let’s just start by saying, if you work at a chain restaurant, I’m not talking to you.  If you work for a place where corporate makes your front of house change the fucking phone book sized menu more than five times a year, this isn’t about you.  If you’ve ever been forced to use the words ‘taste explosion’ or ‘cultural fusion’ or ‘bar-tastic!’ when describing food, you have my sympathies.
Tony was sprawled out in the mammoth bath tub slash hot tub, still fully dressed in his tux, his arms braced on the rim.  He was soaked to the skin, his bow tie hanging loose around his neck and his jacket unbuttoned.  Beneath it, the fine white fabric of his dress shirt was transparent, and through it, both his skin and the soft, cool glow of the arc reactor was completely visible.  His eyes were closed, his long dark lashes in wet spikes against his cheekbones and his hair a damp tangle on his forehead.
“I think they already have.”  Tony looked down at his almost untouched plate.  “Who's ready for dessert?”
"Joy Van Dieter-"
There was big, overstuffed arm chair tucked in the corner, and a small, almost child sized desk and chair on the opposite wall. A large round rug covered most of the wooden floor.  The bed was simple, the headboard painted white with gold accents.  Bookcases were set on either side of the bed, tall affairs that were painted a matching white.  They were filled with books, slim story books and well worn leather bound collections and on the lowest shelves, massive reference books about plants and ships, history and trains, animals and geography.
Rogers' eyes rolled up towards the ceiling.  “It's Steve,” he said, cutting Tony off.  His head fell forward, then came back up, his eyes warm beneath the firm line of his brows.  He was smiling when he added, “The only ones who call me Rogers are commanding officers who think I'm going to obey them.”
“I can call Nat, though,” Clint said, tucking the bottle into the crook of his arm so he could grab the chopsticks out of the lo mein.  “She can.”
Tony grinned.  “Love letters and construction paper hearts and wearing my boyfriend's letterman jacket,” he agreed.
“He is fine.  But it is unusual for Hulk to come check on him after an event of this nature,” Jarvis said.  “He's well aware that something may have prompted this change in behavior.”
Hank snapped back towards the counter, the stool scraping against the floor.  “Two things you cannot resist,” he said, holding up two fingers.  “One.  A pretty face.  And two?  Anything shiny someone tells you that you can’t touch.”
Steve wasn't really listening anymore.  He was just staring.
“I’m not sending him back,” Tony said, cutting him off, and Steve went still.  Tony took a step forward, his head tipping up.  “I’m not sending him back to-” His mouth worked for a second.  “I’m not sending him back, Steve.”
“We can wait,” Tony said.  DJ scowled at him, and Tony bit his lip to keep from smiling.  “Or we could open our presents now.”
“Let’s just say, I was motivated,” Shiro said.  He nodded.  “I was very motivated.”
“Because when you-” Tony stressed the word, “Antagonize the guard, then they take that personally.  They come back.  Over and over.  To ‘keep an eye on you.’”  He tossed a ledger into the box, and covered that up with a few pieces of broken mechanisms.  “What I did?  I fixed his watch, I smiled at him, and I sent him safely, and politely, on his way.”
“File it away to use against me later.”  A pause.  “Unless you want to have sex now.”
She glanced away, the line of her jaw tight.  “But if I do that...  I expose him.  I draw attention to him.  I make him a focus, a target, and right now, he's not.  He's safe.  As safe as I can make him, and I'm finding out ugly things about myself.”
Tony's eyebrows arched, but he nodded.  “To us.”  He stood.  “Come on.  Let's go try some champagne.”
Steve patted him lightly on the ass.  “Strip down, Stark, and meet us at the pool.”  He headed for the elevator.  “C'mon, guys, we'll go inflate some pool floats.”
“Sure you are.”  Another very loud knock, and Steve tossed the towel aside.  “Good-bye, Buck.”
“I can’t stop you,” Steve said.  He turned on his heel, the stones of the drive grinding beneath his boots.
"Okay, right, now we know that was a good idea, brilliant, really, but, wanna tell me why?"  Tony could feel the rhythm of Steve's breathing, his chest flexing against Tony's back.  It was comforting in a way he didn't really want to examine.  “You've never refused to honor an active code before, it's rather counter to your programming, so why-”
“No idea,” Harris said, because DJ was already at the table, rocking his weight on the balls of his feet.
He gave her a look. “Did they have reservations?”
“He is not in bed.”
"He wants a high five," Tony explained, running a hand through his hair.  "And he's very stubborn, give in with grace or he'll follow you around with one hand up in the air and that gets weird, I don't need that, it's-”  He sighed.  “It just looks bad, we try to avoid it.”
Steve managed a smile.  “Fine.”
It appeared that was what made the difference.
“I just paid nine dollars for a churro.”
Sam's lips pursed around the straw, his eyes narrowing.  “No.  Open your gift.”
With all the others.
DJ was flopped against his shoulder, his eyes closed, his mouth hanging open.  His breathing was soft and even, his face relaxed, and Tony shook his head.  “He...  He fell asleep.” He looked up.  “Jay.  He fell asleep on me.”
Steve smiled back.  “Yeah?”
“Thank fucking God,” Tony said.  “In that case, cancel it.”
She snorted.  “And no reason he should hide it.  Not as if he’s ever faced a punishment for it.”  She lead the way down the servant’s corridor to the kitchen.  She nudged the door open with her hip.  “Pepper?”  Pepper, who was seated at the small table between the old hearth and the new ovens, looked up from her ledgers.  Mrs. Arbogast set the plates down beside the sink with a sigh.  “Would you help us clear the table tonight, dear?  The boys have made quite a mess.”
“Right, I got it,” Steve said.  “But if that’s the case, why do you still pretend?”
“Where?”
Tony took it and let Jarvis pull him to his feet.  “As an ‘I love you’ goes, I’ll take it,” he said.
“Right now, my only plans are to see a movie tonight,” Tony said.  He paused, a wry smile twitching the corners of his lips.  “If everyone finds a pair of pants, of course.”
“No,” Tony said, bored with the conversation now.  He made a grabbing motion at Rhodey, trying to reclaim his plans.  “Let me-”
The office was so quiet that Tony could hear the slow, steady click of the clock on the wall.  He glanced at it.  “That’s possible.  Anything is, after all.”  He set his coffee cup down.  “However, it’s far more likely that if they are even less able to take care of him than they were when the left him behind.  Which, by my calculations, was years before the stock market crash.  Years before the world went straight to hell.
Steve took a deep breath.  “Sir, I might not be Stark's biggest fan, but no one deserves to be gunned down in their own house.  If someone is targeting him, then we have to find out who.  And if it is the Bolsheviks?  Then it's the Bolsheviks.  But if it's not?”  He shook his head.  “Someone's trying to get away with murder.”
“Right,” Steve said.  He stroked a hand onto the inside of Tony’s left wrist.  Five drops, arranged in a neat circle, pulled as if by the back of a spoon into a pinwheel shape against his skin.  “This one, I spent so much time look at this one when we first got together, because clearly you were referencing plating, but-”
The sound of his breathing was very loud in the sudden silence, and he looked up to find Tony standing on the second floor landing, staring down at him, a faintly puzzled look on his face.  “Leave it,” he said, and Steve’s skin iced over in an instant.  “It’s where it belongs.”
Tony gave him a look.  “You were no stray.”
Ellen folded her arms on the edge of her desk.  “Yeah, but that's Rumiko Fujikawa, isn't it?” she asked.
Tony tapped him on the nose, once, and then twice.  “Diagnostic over for now.  But if you ever need another one, and we don’t figure that out, then you can do that, right?”  He repeated the gesture.  “One, and two.  That means something’s wrong and we need to figure out what it is.”
“He’s great,” Harris said, trying to sound like he meant it.
Then he leaned over, grabbing the second assailant by the front of the coat, and dragging him back across the street towards the theater.  A boy in an usher uniform jogged out to meet him.  “Are you-”
They were still moving, Steve realized, and it wasn't so awkward anymore.  His knee clipped Tony's and Tony didn't even flinch.  “You're going to make mistakes,” he said, “and no one cares.”
“It’s not open to discussion any longer,” Obie said.  “There’s no more secrets to keep, Tony.  This wasn’t a bomb tossed at the window or someone blowing out your tires out in the countryside.  You were shot in the middle of the city, in front of dozens of witnesses, and not all of them are on the payroll.”  He collapsed into the seat next to the bed, fishing in his pocket for a handkerchief.  He mopped at his brow.  “It’ll be front page news halfway across the country by morning.”
Steve smiled, and did his absolute best not to read anything into this.
Steve gritted his teeth.  "Yes, sir."
“He declared he was done with the ‘leeches and ticks’ of modern medicine and he was going up on the roof to keep watch,” Bruce said, his voice dry.
"Yeah, yeah," the woman said, a smile creasing her cheeks.  "Your charm is noted.  Now, how do you plan to-"
“You’re not allowed to recruit him for your little cabal,” Tony said.  “You.  Not allowed.”
Steve was never known for being particularly sane.
Clint was wrapping up a joint of ham, the butcher paper tied neatly into place.  It went into the bag, along with a packet that Steve was pretty sure contained a couple of pounds of dried sausage, and a jar of gleaming red jam.
Tony met his eyes as he popped the lid off of the jar.  “I love watching you try, and fail, to lie.” He tossed what Steve considered an excessive amount of salts into the water.  “It’s honestly quite charming.”
“We are no longer friends,” Darcy said, grinning.  He nodded, his face accepting, and she laughed.  “I’m just messing with you, mini-Stark.”  She took a seat on the couch.  “Did it help?”  DJ nodded, and she nodded back.  “Then I’m glad you ate it.”
Despite that, Tony started coughing the moment they stepped outside.  Steve's chest ached, and he wrapped his arm around Tony's waist, pulling him in close.  “Come on,” he said.  “Let's get you home.”
“Okay, but how’s he doing?” she asked.  “Not WHAT is he doing.”
"At this point, I think you're a threat to yourself," Rogers said.  He leaned forward, his blue eyes steady and sharp.  "So are you off to bed, Mr. Stark?"
“God has no place in these walls,” Steve said, his voice dour, and Luke burst out laughing.
“In a manner of speaking,” Strange agreed.
“Is he-” Steve stopped, hand his arm tightened on Tony’s waist, his fingers sinking in, clutching, desperate, and Tony’s reached for it, covering Steve’s hand with his.  “He’s safe.”
Steve rolled over, facing the wall, and made a deliberate effort to close his eyes.  His arms folded up tight to his chest, his chin tucked down, he made an effort to relax.  It was good to be back into his own bed, familiar and somehow comforting.
“Tony?”
“Okay, but anyway, he stepped out and while he was checking his equipment, Stark and Fujikawa came out of one of the other buildings.”  She shrugged.  “Right place at the right time, but at the time, he only recognized Stark, so-”
“No lighting anything on fire,” Steve said, patting Jan's head.  “Please.”
Caiera, the last artist of the Galactic Ink Collective, wandered out right behind him.  “My pleasure,” she said.  Her eyes flicked down towards Clint’s ass, and she smiled, one hip cocked.  “Come back anytime.”
“Well, I’ve had quite a bit of practice,” Jarvis said with an easy smile.  “As a child, he would often spend his days going full tilt until he worked himself into a state of collapse.  At which point, one either put him to bed or learned to step over the sleeping child in the middle of the floor.”  He glanced up at Steve, his eyes crinkling at the corners.  “Putting him to bed was less trouble.”
He wanted to shake Rogers’ hand off of his arm, and he couldn’t manage it, and he hated himself for needing that support.  But it took all the effort he could muster just to keep his heart beating as a form, close enough now to be visible, to be familiar, shot towards DJ’s falling form.
Steve held them out to him, and Tony stared at them, caught off guard.  “I saw them in the flower market,” Steve said, and he was grinning, his eyes the color of the morning sky, dark blue with a faint glow of gold in its depths.  “And thought of you.”  He looked down at the blooms, dark green leaves slipping between his fingers.  He glanced back up, and he was grinning, so bright and happy and alive that Tony's chest ached.
Tony's head came up, and he struggled to focus on Bruce, who was staring at him with a face like a thundercloud.  Tony took a breath, and another, his chest aching.  “Plates.  UP,” he said, and someone took the plates away from him, whisking them out of reach before he could fuck them up even more.  Tony was grateful for that much, at least.
“Panic isn’t flat,” DJ said.  “At all.  But I’m-”  His nose wrinkled as he thought about that. “I’m okay.  If I’m not, I think you’ll know.”  He drew up one leg, bracing the heel on the edge of his chair.   He looked up.  “Yes?”
“Good, though,” he said, scraping the bottom of the parfait with his spoon, chasing the last bits of cream before pushing it aside.
Jess folded her arms on the edge of the table.  Her menu hat was tipped at a rakish angle.  “I don’t,” she said with a grin.  “But I know someone who absolutely thrives on logistical nightmares.”
“Absolutely not.”
“Do they do this to you?” Steve asked.
Peter nodded.  “That…  That would be nice.”
“Anyway, he was locking every door in that kitchen, the butler’s pantry, the cabinets with the cutlery, just…  Everything.”  Clint went back to his pan, giving the contents a quick turn.  “And Stark waved a hand at the kitchen, said something pleasant sounding in French, and they all trooped back up the stairs.  First Miss Potts, then Jarvis, then Stark, and Rhodes last of all.  The door up to the house closed, and-” He snapped his fingers.  “Click.  One last key turning in one last lock.
“We make him disappear?” Natasha asked, and Tony nodded.
“Glad to hear it.” She handed Steve the other cup, considering the tabletop.  “Well.  Not a bad job.”
“I’m counting on you,” Steve said to Greer with a slight smile,  There was whipped cream on his wrist.  He fumbled for a napkin.
