had resulted in a very poor information harvest, other than that he was definitely not gay, Eurus now decided once more that she needed another approach.
John watched her disappear down the hallway and exchanged his empty container for a new one from one of the bags.
On the train back, they were lucky enough to have a carriage practically to themselves, so that they could lean close together and feed each other little bits of lemon cheesecake and be disgustingly romantic about it without anybody noticing.
As soon as he’d crossed the threshold, it was as if they all fell back into old role patterns, where he was the teenage boy who was expected to do everything their way – which he then didn’t, because their way made no sense. Except he could now see more clearly
At the opening, she efficiently moved through the small crowd, managing the caterers who were carrying trays of champagne and canapés with skilful precision, a bright smile on her face – clearly in her element.
He was in the storeroom at Sherlock’s old school, witnessing everything without being able to do anything about it. He was trapped behind glass, slamming his fists against it noiselessly. He could see, but he was invisible. Powerless. Useless.
In the following minutes, Sherlock’s face was becoming more and more flushed, he repeatedly licked his lips and incredibly kept tilting his hips as if trying to reach even deeper.
He sat staring blindly at the computer screen like a fisherman at his bobber. This was the only kind of doing nothing he could stand, and he allowed himself to let his thoughts stray as his eyes stayed fixed on both inboxes.
When the hands and mouth abruptly disappeared, Sherlock blinked his eyes open to see John hastily unbuttoning his chequered shirt, his fingers faintly trembling. “God, it’s suddenly hot in here, isn’t it?” John muttered with an apologetic grin. Sherlock only bit back a smile as he waited to see John’s bare chest.
“The things you wouldn’t do for the missus, eh?” the driver said with a wicked grin when John paid him. John blinked. Oh god. Did the man actually think that Sherlock was his
“You don’t seriously think that she’s involved, surely!” the earl exclaimed, indignant. “That handwriting was nothing more than a good forgery. I’ve spoken to her, and she’s just as worried as I am!”
Sherlock chuckled, as the way she moved reminded him of one particular part of that ballet they’d seen the other day. He hummed along the accompanying tune, encouraging Chloe to keep moving on the beat.
“Just being your usual brilliant self, I suppose,” John said, trying to make it sound casual, as he gently turned Sherlock around to face him.
When Sherlock gave him the plant, wrapped in cellophane and adorned with green ribbons, Sherrinford stared at it intently for a while, before gently touching one of its hairy leaves through the opening in the plastic. He looked back at Sherlock with something that Sherlock thought might be gratitude, although he couldn’t be sure. Then Sherrinford went back over to the window, put the plant on the window sill and sat back down on his stool.
John was just sliding a fried egg onto his plate. When he saw Sherlock, he beamed at him, spatula in hand. “Good morning, handsome,” he said, apparently trying to sound casual. “Would you like some toast, or coffee? Or fried eggs, if you happen to have started liking those in my absence?” And with a cheeky grin, “Or if you reserve those for after-sex only?”
reason why I’m really glad John recovered so well,” she said, giving him a playfully admonishing, shocked look. “God, you had me so worried when you were unconscious!” She looked at John, and then at Sherlock, remembering how he’d never left John’s side in the hospital. “You were both in my prayers every day throughout the summer.”
Although Sherlock did not entirely dismiss the possibility that the note might be genuine after all and that Arthur had simply been whisked off to France by his own mother, he saw no point in attempting to contribute to that line of investigation, seeing as the police were clearly so very enthusiastically pursuing it already. He still thought it most likely that a third, unknown party was involved in this.
I have to say I’m quite proud of the end result, as I think I managed to come up with a story that fits with everything from BBC canon up to TFP. Let me know what you think!
Reaching for the teddy, which was behind a small pile of books on the bedside table next to her, cost an infuriating amount of effort. Once her stubborn fingers had eventually gotten proper hold of the thing, she fell back onto her pillow with a suppressed gasp, clutching the bee to her chest.
someone for that pearl. Actually ended a human life in order to possess it, probably to sell it. And since, it had been lying here, inside a stone wall in Norway, forgotten. Worthless, until Sherlock had found it again.
“But the day she found out that he allowed me to drink with him at the age of fourteen – behind Mum’s back, of course – was the day she became so angry with him that she broke off all contact,” Harry had told John. “That’s why we never saw her again.”
Sherlock felt annoyance and anger, but frustratingly, seemed unable to speak, and was therefore incapable of putting her in her place.
John was just sliding a fried egg onto his plate. When he saw Sherlock, he beamed at him, spatula in hand. “Good morning, handsome,” he said, apparently trying to sound casual. “Would you like some toast, or coffee? Or fried eggs, if you happen to have started liking those in my absence?” And with a cheeky grin, “Or if you reserve those for after-sex only?”
The signs were everywhere: John didn’t want him anymore, now that he knew. He’d stopped touching Sherlock altogether and he had become distant and absent-minded, the minute his pity had worn off. Sherlock was obviously tainted now, in his eyes.
His mind had raced over the options as to how Sherlock had come by them. Various sorts of accidents crossed his thoughts before settling on the inevitable.
This man. The crime-fighting genius. Suddenly nothing more than a little lost puppy. John’s heart melted once again, as it had done for Sherlock a million times before, and he pulled him into a much-needed hug.
“I just realised I still look like a would-be cross-dresser; and a rather unconvincing one at that. Whereas
Also, he quickly decided, he wasn’t for another moment allowing himself to think about the possibility that John might never wake up again. He just couldn’t cope with that thought; felt like his chest might be ripped open if he considered it once more.
John felt a chill run down his spine. “Mary Morstan,” he muttered, reading the fake name next to the familiar photo.
“I’m really sorry, honey. I should have closed the window first when I put everything on the windowsill. You know what, how about we go to the city centre this afternoon and have a look at Harrod’s to find you a new one?” There was a short silence. “I know it won’t be the same, but still. It’s the only way I can try to make it up. We need to get out of the house, anyway, have some fun. And the doctor said it wouldn’t do you any good sitting still all the time anyway. You need to practice walking more. Alright?”
One was of Sherrinford with Redbeard: a little blond boy lying on his belly on the sofa with a colouring book and pencils, and the dog lying curled up peacefully on the floor beside him in the warm, sunny room.
Sherlock felt himself mirror John’s smile, multiplied by ten. Everything in his life right now was perfect. “You didn’t orgasm, though.”
. He scoured the internet, looking for patterns. What was this Culverton Smith involved in? Charities, tv shows, hospitals, cooking commercials.
John started awake when the clock showed 9:46pm and Sherlock was crawling into bed with him: both much too early and much too late – for different reasons. John subsequently became aware of the fact that his body felt like he had been run over by a lorry.
A broad smile lit up John’s face as he turned his head to greet Sherlock. “Hey! Good morning. Sleep well?”
“You know where I would like to get married?” Sherlock asked after a while. “In Josie’s tea garden.”
“Well, that is a bit of an understatement,” John replies. He can feel the blood rushing to his cheeks and his heart hammering in his chest, but that is all part of the deal, isn’t it? As terrified as he is right now, of rejection, of losing his friendship with Sherlock, he secretly thrives on this: danger. (Although in this case of a rather different kind than usual.) He keeps his eyes fixed on Sherlock, desperate for any hint of how he is going to respond.
Sherlock’s eyes flicker down to John’s mouth a couple of times and then, suddenly, their lips are touching. It’s a proper kiss, wonderful and exciting and perfect in every way.
“Honestly, I don’t know. They were from all over the place. I’ve tried to forget. And I did,” she sighed. “One of them was a woman. That’s about all I can recall.”
Although John had enjoyed their travelling through little villages and being outside all day for almost two weeks, locking themselves inside a luxury suite for a while was definitely also most agreeable.
‘Did you know Culverton Smith is a serial killer? #crime #hidinginplainsight #thosearethemostinterestingones’
John felt utterly ridiculous with his cornflower blue dress, his flat lady’s shoes and the huge purple flower in his hair. Sherlock at least looked convincing, with his pretty earrings and high heels. (John had been too afraid to fall flat on his face to even try those.) The git had even shaved his legs. John had settled for leggings, which meant that the heat was killing him already before they’d even got there.
Although the trains were having some trouble sticking to their schedule because of the weather, Sherlock still went to visit Sherrinford the day after arriving back home.
His mind, however, automatically conjured up an image of John and the state he’d been in on the day they’d first met. John had definitely been contemplating
John had been the one to come up with the idea of the bust containing a pen drive, when in reality it
John looked peaceful, asleep. Just like when he’d dozed off on the sofa with his newspaper lying abandoned in his lap.
Sherlock smiled faintly, blinking repeatedly. “So you think that there actually is a chance,” he said, hesitantly, “that when we’re old and wrinkly,” – he briefly made a face at the idea of ever reaching this state – “we’ll still be together, like this, as a couple, I mean?”
Smith sat in the chair next to his bed. “Why do I kill?” He had his hands together, gently rubbing his fingers against each other. “It’s not about hatred or revenge. I’m not a dark person. It’s... Killing human beings... It just makes me...” He paused and
Then again, a beard would probably only arouse more suspicion, because beards almost literally screamed ‘disguise!’. Everyone knew
She had quickly turned away then, calling over her shoulder, “Yeah. Okay, bye!” And she’d hurried off.
John felt a strange mix of sadness and pride. He had no idea what was going on, but seeing that Sherlock was capable of this, John felt his last tiny shreds of doubt about their new relationship vanish.
“Yes, you are very cute together,” she said around her gum, her voice shrill. “Tell me, why have you two still not had sex?”
Sherrinford exchanged several long looks with Sherlock, as if conveying gratitude for what his brother had done.
Startled, Sherlock quickly pushed John away, holding him at arm’s length and stammering, “John, what on earth are you doing? Why are you kissing me?”
And John had been so clever. So very, very clever. He’d anticipated a scenario like this weeks prior and had ordered a GPS tracker online. And he’d chosen the perfect place to hide it. He’d known there was no point concealing it in her clothes or jewellery because he correctly predicted she would keep swapping and discarding those with each new identity she would assume to help her vanish. But she had one weak spot. She would get the most ghastly of urinary tract infections on such a regular basis, that she would never ever go anywhere for any length of time without her pill box with cranberry pills.
His thoughts strayed back to that cosy evening only three nights previously, and his alcohol-induced remark that might have inadvertently – but thankfully – set things into motion.
“That’s…” John frowned. “That is… I mean, I’ve got an aunt called Vivian Norbury. Just a coincidence, I guess. So who is this Ms Norbury and what do you need to speak to her for?”
“No it isn’t. Now will you just get on with it,” Sherlock retorted languidly as he blindly handed John the lube behind his back.
Sherlock missed John from the minute their lips had stopped touching on the corner of Blandford Street, and it made his stomach clench that he had no clue as to when he would see him again. Irritable and tired, he dropped onto the sofa and closed his eyes. As soon as he shut out all visual stimuli, images from the pornos he’d seen the previous afternoon came drifting back into his mind; as they had at several – very inconvenient – moments during the day as well. But this time he didn’t try to push them away.
Sometimes he’d sensed things, thought he saw a longing glance or detected a deeper meaning in a casual touch or remark. It had happened already before Sherlock’s faked death, four years ago. So often their eyes had been all but glued to each other in this strange, magical way. And Sherlock had literally made uncountable ambiguous comments from the moment they’d met that could easily be interpreted as flirtatious; one of the first and most notable instances being when he’d implied he was asking John on a date, when John had said he was already going to the circus with Sarah. (“A date, where two people who like each other go out and have fun,” John had clarified, regarding his plans with Sarah, to which Sherlock had replied, “That’s what I was suggesting.”) And then there had always been Sherlock’s refraining from any sort of comment when people presumed they were boyfriends, which had happened
Sherlock decided to venture after him to see what he would do next. He needed more data to form a theory about his unusual behaviour. The minute he casually stepped inside, however, ready to strike up some random conversation with the men he would encounter there, he saw James slipping straight out through a back door. Sherlock quickly feigned having walked in by mistake and rushed back outside the way he’d come, then ran around the back of the building. He arrived at the corner just in time to see James stride towards the rear of the Hall. Sherlock stepped back for a second for fear of being seen, should James happen to look back. Only half a breath later, when he crept forward again, the man was nowhere to be seen. Sherlock quickly followed in the same direction James had gone, alongside the back of the house, and rapidly decided there was only one possibility. He’d entered the Hall through the grey door not five metres away from him, leading into the north wing.
“Just what I was going to suggest. After so much investigating, I think you might, in fact, deserve a reward.” John wiggled his eyebrows in a decidedly cheeky manner, and invitingly held out his hand.
Amy recognised Sherlock even before realising that he was disguised as one of the builders. “Mr Holmes!” she gasped. Her secondary reaction, though, was not what he had expected at all. She giggled. Only then did it visibly dawn on her. “Oh! Are you
Maybe he got that part from his dad, who, despite his degree of social clumsiness being similar to that of his wife, was one of the kindest souls John thought he had ever met. Maybe that was thanks in part to him not making the same amount of incorrect assumptions as his wife did – or at least not voicing them out loud. And the mischievous twinkle in his eye betrayed the real and genuinely humorous meaning of the ambiguous remarks he made, whenever he did speak.
Suddenly, as Sherlock looked at John holding on to a lamp post in his wig and leather boots and jacket, he couldn’t help bursting out laughing. “You look like you’re absolutely plastered!”
The kiss slowed further until both their movements practically came to a halt and they stood almost motionless with their lips pressed together, eyes closed.
“Which trace is Toby following, then?” she’d beamed, handing Rosie to John so that she could meddle more freely.
There’s John’s answer to the question that has been floating around the back of his mind for months. Sherlock is sexually attracted to him, to some degree, at least.
He shouldn’t. He really shouldn’t. This was all going too fast. But John was lying there with his legs spread for
He’d spent the previous two days solving a case for Lestrade and was feeling full of energy. John had mainly been busy with his book project and his not-so-secret party preparations, which were amusing to witness as well.
Falling blossoms were gently descending on him in the light breeze when he rang the doorbell to the rather run-down apartment building. John was momentarily confused when the door opened to reveal a lanky, strawberry-blond boy whom he estimated to be in his late teens or very early twenties at the most. Did one of them have a son who lived with them? “Hi. John Watson. I’m investigating the disappearance of Arthur Beverly and Steve Meredith on behalf of Baron Beverly. Is it alright if I come in?”
of letting Sherlock have his way with him on occasion that was terribly enticing. And there turned out to be a very liberating effect to submitting to someone this way, letting yourself be carried on someone else’s passions for once.
“He paints beautifully, you know. Really quite remarkable. We’ve had to hire another store room for all the new works he’s produced.”
The three of them had been a brilliant team and soon became inseparable. Jim had the connections and ideas, Eurus helped devise plans and arranged their finances, and Rose did the practical planning and execution (sometimes literally) of the jobs that actually brought in the money. While Jim had been impressed by Rose’s professional qualities, Eurus had been mesmerised by her cheery, self-assured manner and her coy smile. She’d had an instant crush on her.
John pulled in a breath through his nose and lowered his head. “It was alcohol, in his case. But the thing with any sort of addiction is, it makes people unpredictable. Unreliable. And I just can’t cope with that.” He choked on his words. “Seeing you like that. Not being able to blindly trust you anymore.”
John carefully shifted off of Sherlock, lying down on his side, while deliberately remaining pressed close to his lover.
“I cheated on Mary.” John clenched his jaw. “There was a woman on the bus, and I had a plastic daisy in my hair. I’d been playing with Rosie.” He paused for a moment, then raised his eyes. “And this girl just smiled at me. That’s all it was; it was a smile. What is
(For quite a while, Sherlock had suspected Janine to be on Mary’s team, but after careful research – during which the amicability he had initially feigned, once again, in order to get near her, had eventually turned into an actual mutual friendship, ironically – he’d firmly concluded that Janine hadn’t been pretending to be anything she wasn’t.)
Sherlock knew he had to tread carefully. His brother was very attached to his paintings. Then again, the ones that were in storage never saw the light of day. They might as well not be there.
John rushed over to Sherlock’s side, quickly checking his vital signs. Fast but regular heartbeat, thank
Even after all this time, John was still not used to seeing Sherlock in disguise, but today he didn’t bother to try to hide his smile.
“Now that we know who she is and what she can do, it’s only a matter of time before we’ll finally catch her, of course.”
against them – though in a quite different and hopefully more productive way than Shakespeare had intended.
Suddenly, out of nowhere, an arm appeared that snatched Sherlock’s rucksack from right beside him on the bench.
“It’s more than a getaway, John. It’s a treasure hunt!” Sherlock balled his fist in enthusiasm. Then he cleared his throat. “Not a case, though, mind. We’re not going to bend over backwards to find it. It’s only a pearl, after all. We just give it a try and see. Just for fun.”
. Hadn’t people learnt not to give psychopaths unlimited access to places with vulnerable people just because they donated to ruddy charity?
“Would you like to officially become Chloe’s dad?” John asked, pronouncing each word clearly and slowly.
Sherlock was glad to see that there seemed to be virtually no tension anymore between his father and his uncle, who hadn’t seen each other in years. Also, Rudy amazingly had an instant click with Sherrinford, despite the language barrier.
The direct order worked. Like a good little puppy, suddenly looking very small and cute, Sherlock walked straight towards him, albeit very slowly, his eyes still uncertain but no longer looking everywhere but at John.
“I did talk about it with Mycroft, occasionally,” Sherlock went on. “He wasn’t there when it happened, but he’d heard the nanny tell my parents. She’d seen it all from the other end of the garden, and was the first to arrive at the scene and pull Sherrinford off of me.” Sherlock blew over his mug to cool down the hot liquid. “I have no memory of it myself. I was unconscious when she found me.” He took a sip of his tea. “I’ve never seen him since.”
In his mind, it was as if she was laughing at him, mocking him for failing to find proper proof of her crimes, delighting in his passive misery, even, over her own sodding death.
If it hadn’t been for a remark by Smith’s assistant that John had happened to overhear, though – referring to another appointment Smith was heading for immediately after Lestrade was done with him – John would never have left Sherlock in that hospital unsupervised, of course. But luck seemed to be on their side.
“Excellent, yes. Let’s do that,” Sherlock agreed. “What do you think of this hotel? Look,” he pointed at his screen.
So was this shrew still working together with her other brother, the actor – who had so mysteriously vanished despite an MI5 Grade Four surveillance status – to continue Jim’s legacy of
With their mouths still pressed together, Sherlock pulled up his knees towards his shoulders and wrapped his legs around John’s back, provoking a feeling of wondrous inevitability. Then he tentatively reached between them to take John’s cock in one hand and guide it to his arse. First, he wriggled John’s glans around a bit between his arse cheeks, at which John couldn’t help but let out a blissful moan. When Sherlock stopped moving and held John securely in one place, coaxing him to start pushing in, John carefully did so – as slowly as he could muster. He let out a stifled noise through his nose as he felt Sherlock’s arse hole gradually open around him.
With a feeling of dread growing in his stomach, he quickly switched apps and looked back to his inbox, searching for the invoice of the recording device he had installed in John’s walking cane. The Met had that one now. But on his screen, he now saw that he’d apparently ordered another one, with data connection for live streaming.
One of the things was that Sherlock seemed to have no shame. John had always known that, of course, but it had acquired a whole new dimension with the changed nature of their relationship. Sherlock would simply drop to his knees in front of John in the middle of the kitchen or living room and unfasten John’s trousers, regardless of whether the curtains were open or closed. Thank god the flat wasn’t on the ground floor.
So the good news is that the last two chapters (5 and 6) are finished and are being proofread by betas at the minute. I'm planning to post Ch.5 on Sunday or Monday and Ch.6 hopefully on New Year's Day!
It was a sunny afternoon in mid-August when John was discharged and they took a cab home. Through a very unfortunate – not to say hellish – combination of a broken cab engine in the middle of Tower Bridge – where it was impossible to get out and hail another cab – and a subsequent gridlock, it took three hours before they finally arrived at Baker Street.
“Names aren’t one word. They’re always at least two. Sherlock Holmes; Faith Smith; Santa Claus; Winston Churchill; Napoleon Bonaparte. Actually, just ‘Napoleon’ would do.”
And after another pause, “Well, except maybe things like attending social occasions you’d rather not go to, in which case I will simply drag you there by your ears.”
Ophelia number One seemed to hardly be trying at all to get the part, and Sherlock had to make an effort not to blurt out that she should go and find another hobby, but instead tried to patiently sit still and let the real jury do the judging.
“I… er… just had a body at the morgue that I think was hers. So, what I’m trying to say is, if she wasn’t actually dead last time, you know, with her record of faking things, she might be
“Jeans are good for keeping you warm,” his mum had said – when John had tried to explain what he’d learnt at school about genes – with a twinkle in her eye and some wheat flour on her cheek, from the bread she’d been baking.
Sherlock felt a strange combination of disappointment and relief. He was disappointed mainly with himself, for being so nervous about something so trite, but very relieved that John actually seemed totally fine with not doing it, at least for now.
Since takeaway food reminded him of his days with Sherlock, it occurred to him he might as well go over to Baker Street and see if his old flatmate was in so they could eat together. Or he could eat in his company, at least, if Sherlock was in one of his fasting spells.
“Well, seeing as Sherrinford would have been unable to hear you, anyway, perhaps you didn’t scream.”
Making love to Sherlock felt like something of a cross between stroking an affectionate cat and playing an invaluable musical instrument. Sherlock reacted so sensitively to each and every touch, rhythm or angle, that every time was completely different. Like a different song, leading to a unique dance.
Afterwards, Sherlock sometimes imagined talking to him, or just hanging out together, as if Bill were still there.
They said good-bye on the next street corner with a quick peck on the lips and John went home in a state of mild unease that he couldn’t quite place (this was Sherlock after all – what was he expecting?) and that he still hadn’t managed to shrug off by the time he opened his front door.
“I want you to be happy, sweetheart. You’ve found someone who loves you just as you are. You should cherish that. Don’t give up at the first hurdle just because it turned out not to be as perfect as you thought. Nothing in life is perfect, Sherlock. Least of all relationships. They are possibly the least perfect of all of life’s phenomena.” She paused again, looking thoughtful. “And therefore the most precious.”
He only realised when it was too late; when suddenly, John was rolling a condom onto Sherlock’s prick. As John grabbed its base with one firm but gentle hand, an intense jolt of pleasure and excitement coursed through Sherlock and all thoughts of making up excuses to leave went out the window. As did all his thoughts, period.
Sherlock trembled as he removed his fingers once more, and positioned himself closer to John. He swallowed.
After setting Sherlock’s drink on the coffee table, John sat down on the other end of the sofa, forcing Sherlock to pull up his legs. He rested one hand on Sherlock’s knee, a subtle but calming touch that grounded him. John looked down at him fondly, without asking any attention. His perfect, kind, and wise lover. A steadfast, comforting presence, with a perfect instinct of what to ask and what not to ask of Sherlock. He softly smiled up at John, letting his worries drift away for a bit. John took this as an invitation to let his other hand rest on Sherlock’s thigh and to gently caress him there. Then again, maybe he was rather explicitly asking for it, lying there in just his pants. He still had to get used to John being genuinely attracted to him and wanting to
“So how about just asking them how they have been,” Mycroft suggested, “and letting them tell you themselves?”
He swivelled his chair ninety degrees to gaze at the blank wall he always used to help him order his thoughts.
John while making love? And their first time in bed, when Sherlock had so atypically offered himself to John with such obvious discomfort?
“This is not like her at all,” Sherlock said, seemingly to no one in particular. He stood still in the middle of the sitting room, listening to something John could not hear. He lifted his chin and frowned.
Well, all the more reason for him to be extra happy with the things Sherlock had bought for him, Sherlock told himself cheerfully.
Thankfully, she calmed down a little already during the process, but especially once it was ready and he started feeding it to her.
Sherlock must have felt John’s reluctance at his suggestion, because he added, “There’s no rush, honestly.” He rested his forehead against John’s.
John’s heart skipped a beat and he felt an instant rage boil up inside, drowning out all sounds around him. “Greg. Did you hear that?” It came out as barely more than a strained rasp. “You know what his favourite room is?” he said, a little louder. “The
The night was hot and uncomfortable. Sherlock tossed and turned for what seemed like ages. John, of course, was fast asleep. Naturally, these meteorological circumstances were nothing compared to what he had endured abroad.
But he knew one thing. In spite of everything, Sherlock was exactly on the right trail. There was definitely something more than fishy about that creep.
It wasn’t as if Sherlock had actually taken Eurus at her word when she accused his mother of plagiarism (obviously), but the idea had still taken residence somewhere in a corner of his mind. He wouldn’t have put it past his mum to do something like that if she was somehow convinced it was her right to do so.
“And the younger maid, then?” Sherlock ventured. “With the curly hair? Seemed a right snob to me when I met her the other day. Much like the older lady you just described.”
what they want.” Collecting himself, he added, in a sarcastic mumble, “A foreign concept to you, probably.”
“Oh God,” Sherlock breathed. “That’s… awful.” He had no idea what else to say, so he just held John even closer.
John, meanwhile, was having a hard time pretending to be interested in rings, as there didn’t seem to be as many of them on display inside as there were in the window. He thought there was no reason, however, why he couldn’t be interested in pendants as well. The owner didn’t seem to be paying any attention to him anyway.
With that particular poor decision, their dad, it seemed, had sealed Harry’s fate as a problem drinker, resulting in a lifelong struggle with booze.
“Ah, you finally managed to escape Ms Prada?” Sherlock smirked. “I’m glad. So where do you work now?”
“You think so?” Sherlock raised an amused eyebrow at the man behind him, as he shut the fridge door. “And what did I do yesterday, or the day before, or the day before that, to deserve all the
The look on Greg’s face in the doorway as John was appearing from below Sherlock on the sofa was rather priceless. His open-mouthed shock, however, quickly morphed into the widest smile they’d ever seen on his face and they couldn’t help but grin sheepishly back at him.
John couldn’t help his eyes straying to Sherlock’s lips for a second, then blinked. “I have missed you, too.” He swallowed, not sure what to say next.
.” With a playful growl he softly gnawed at Sherlock’s knee. Sherlock giggled and briefly lifted himself to a half-sitting position to pull John back down on top of him.
,” John said, sounding a little exasperated, as he carefully placed the cake in the middle of the coffee table. “The candles were, obviously, meant to form a ‘4’ and a ’0’, but it turns out that by adding a couple extra, you can add almost ninety years!” He turned back to face Sherlock, a weary grin on his face. “That’s what children do, isn’t it? Make you age faster.” He chuckled.
And then, as soon as he’d pulled himself together, he made good on his silent promise, continuing to suck Sherlock from where he’d left off earlier. After letting Sherlock hover on the edge of orgasm for as long as he could, John finally let him come down his throat – the golden dress glittering as Sherlock trembled through his climax.
Opening his legs like this felt like surrendering, like welcoming something he was no longer afraid of. John felt light and heavy at the same time. Suddenly, everything was fine.
To John’s surprise, Sherlock even turned out to be a tiny bit prone to sentiment. For instance, when they would kiss, he would sometimes take the chain with dog tags from around John’s neck and pull it over their heads until it was around his own neck. He did this especially when John was a bit gloomy, mulling over his army days – as if he wanted to take away John’s burden.
The comic-like drawings that Sherrinford had made of what happened with Redbeard, and which Sherlock had shown to Mummy, Daddy and Mycroft by inviting them all over to Wantage in a sort of family gathering in Sherrinford’s own room, had naturally caused quite a stir.
To keep up the illusion that John was there, looming over him, keeping him safe, Sherlock started to touch himself the way John used to touch him, stroking slowly yet firmly. He desperately needed to get rid of the tension in his body, of the paralysing apprehension that blocked his mind’s abilities.
“You know, can we still… kiss and cuddle when she is around?” John asked, feeling rather awkward. “Or would you rather…?”
“What’s so important about a broken bust of Margaret Thatcher?” John had asked, just after Sherlock had solved the mystery of the son of the Welsboroughs found dead in his car in their own driveway. (Funny, really, how perfectly healthy people sometimes died of suffocation in the least expected of places – albeit fully explicable.)
Arnold signed something that unmistakably meant, “You two, come with me and look at what I want to show you.” They followed him out onto the corridor and into the common room, a little further down the hall, which was deserted at this time of day. He went over to the tv set and took a DVD from his bag, which he inserted into the DVD player.
“I do actually have a suspect,” the girl said, to his disappointment, as she fumbled with the handle of her bag.
After some deliberation, he decided that the best strategy now was probably to wait and see what Sherlock would do.
John leaned down to seal the promise with a kiss, gently caressing Sherlock’s tongue with his own in a swirling movement. A wonderful giddiness surged from deep within John’s insides, swelling throughout his body, as it hit him he was only moments away from being
. Oh god, come here.” He hugged Sherlock, pulling him as close to him as possible as his entire universe shifted into a different perspective, with the force – and noise and dust – of a tremendous earthquake inside his head. The only thought his mind seemed capable of that first minute was
Yet, once he was sitting on the cheap bench with plastic dragons to either side, waiting for his turn, he realised he wasn’t very much looking forward to the empty foil trays staring at him afterwards from the coffee table of the impeccably decorated terraced house he had once shared with Mary. The mental image alone was enough to trigger the feeling of intense loneliness that kept ambushing him lately.
She put one of her fingernails between her teeth, but took it out as soon as she realised she was doing it.
“Hmm. If you’re asking me on a date to a fancy restaurant, as I understand is the case, you should ask me properly, though.”
John could kick himself for, as a GP, never having given a thought to the fact that people don’t just have
were a couple, what with the way you were clinging to one another when you came in, ha!” She laughed out loud at the notion.
John let his head fall back, looking at the ceiling for guidance – as if to be reminded which side of the world was up and which was down – and took a couple of deep breaths.
Apparently, Greg wasn’t back from Bart’s yet, Sherlock realised. He briefly put a hand on John’s shoulder, trying a small smile, which he sensed came out forced. “Coffee?”
Sherlock had instinctively known there was a good chance Mary was somehow behind those burglaries, seeing as her chum Moriarty’s touch was so clearly all over the whole thing. And then she’d unexpectedly shown up during their sniffing expedition, belittling John non-stop and going so far as to ask Sherlock why he hadn’t called
Now that he properly recognised Mycroft’s motivations, it would become much easier to no longer let himself be provoked by the protective manner in which he was always behaving and meddling.
John was taken by surprise, but a very pleasant surprise at that. He loved it when Sherlock took the initiative and the fact that he was now doing it in public sent butterflies fluttering all over his insides. It made him want to devour Sherlock on the spot.
Their eyes met for a brief moment, and John quickly mirrored Sherlock’s ‘It’s Christmas’ expression.
Sherlock looked him in the eye for a long while. “Will you move back in with me?” he asked, subdued.
The morgue was an excellent place, in this respect, as John was fine with being in a room with dead people, and the route to the morgue was familiar to him, as were the people working there. However, a
He tried as much as he could to let bygones be bygones, but sometimes he still broke into a sweat just thinking about it.
When he sat down on a bench to enjoy the morning sun while he waited, he spotted two familiar figures at the ice cream van near the entrance to the local park across the street. It was Greg and Molly. She was leaning towards him, smiling, upon which he put an arm around her and cheekily took a bite of her ice cream. Offended, she laughed out loud and he offered her a bite of his. They looked happy. John smiled inwardly. He then wondered what it would take to make his own unconstrained spontaneity return, so that he and Sherlock could be like this again.
But at any rate, it would be a while before Sherlock could ask his brother what he himself preferred. They first needed to build a communication system based on drawings, and eventually, after that, hopefully, have another go at British Sign Language.
The idea of Sherlock and Irene together still made him feel sick to the bone with jealousy. But Sherlock had said they were just ‘friends’, right? It was just texting.
He thought of John, talking to his therapist while she listened and took notes. How did that even work?
“So, ehm… You said Mary was there when you were trying to trace the person smashing the Thatcher busts,” Donovan said, prompting Sherlock to elaborate.
“Intelligent though they are,” Sherlock concluded, “our parents were very much… emotionally absent, as it’s apparently called. I also came across the term ‘emotionally illiterate’, which I think applies rather well to them also, despite the large contrast with their profound educational literacy.”
Sherlock hit Tweet with a satisfied grin, already looking forward to the entertaining responses this post would elicit.
this, in order to be freed from the groove he had been stuck in for over two decades. And he felt sure that with John, he could.
It was as if he’d travelled back in time, all his later achievements gone. They didn’t matter in this house. Only his father occasionally asked about Sherlock’s current life, what he’d been up to, how things were in London. But to his mother, nothing outside her direct sphere of observation seemed to be of any relevance whatsoever. Well, she did
He tried to think of experiments he’d been meaning to do, that he could now finally carry out without interruption. But he couldn’t think of a single one that was worth getting off the sofa for.
John decided he just had to say it. There was nothing else for it. He just couldn’t go on like this; it was driving him mad.
It was annoying, however, not knowing how things were going with Smith now, and whether or not Jim would posthumously win the bet.
“When she came here, I dropped a GPS tracker in her pocket. Inspired by a certain friend of mine.” He gave John a meaningful smirk. “Lestrade’s team found the trousers with the tracker in an inhabited corner of an abandoned building in Clapham.”
John hugged Sherlock a fraction tighter, desperately trying not to grind into his thigh. He only wriggled his hips a bit to accommodate his erection, but it woke Sherlock up all the same.
Still, Sherlock had had the distinct feeling for a while already that there was someone else operating under that same flag as well. The thought just wouldn’t leave him alone. He quite simply couldn’t think of any motive Mary might have had for broadcasting the ‘Miss me?’ message across the UK the day he was being exiled. It just didn’t make sense.
After making use of the big bronze knocker, they were shown in by a rather morose looking maid in her twenties, who brought them down a few corridors, as if against her will, and into a study, where a nerve-racked earl greeted them. “Anything new?” he asked, looking up at them with dark grey bags under his eyes that seemed to beg them to give him any kind of information at all.
Their task was done. They were safe now. Finally out of the woods. Thanks to Sherlock’s accurate prediction of Eurus auditioning for Ophelia and to his flawless scrutiny which had enabled him to recognise her. And, of course, also thanks to his brilliant disguise, which he’d accomplished with Hannah’s invaluable help.
After Molly was done shining annoying lights into his mouth and also his eyes (to check for abnormal miosis in his photomotor reflex due to excessive parasympathetic stimulation from opioids;
John was now half lying on top of him, one of his legs between Sherlock’s, and looking down fondly at him as the dwindling afternoon light conjured yellowish-grey shadows through the flat.
Sherlock sat down in the nearest chair, which was at a small dinner table covered with stacks of magazines and photo books, and John did the same.
After a short silence, John added softly, sounding almost as if there was the beginning of a lump in his throat, “Sherlock, in a relationship you should never do anything you’re uncomfortable with, you know; that’s not how it works.”
Hannah fed, changed, bathed and dressed Rosie, although Sherlock helped more and more often with those things as well. When she was busy with the little one, she’d often sing to her at the same time, which she could do quite beautifully.
Sherlock had been out several times for minor cases, which he’d taken on in hopes of finding new inspiration for the Moriarty case along the way. (He hadn’t.) Or that he thought might be connected to Eurus. (They weren’t.)
Having turned back into his usual self after having spent three days being Geordie builder Dan White, he jogged downstairs and hailed a cab.
A little reluctantly, he answered, “It was Mary, giving a little personal speech from some sort of television screen or something, before kindly telling me, ‘Go to Hell, Sherlock’.”
John bit his lips to control his grin, glad his little talk with Molly had apparently proved fruitful. “So you’re… officially together then?” he ventured.
Mrs Hudson was indeed watching Eastenders. She looked up at them drowsily from her flowery sofa when they entered her lounge. She was clearly not well, even though she smiled and insisted there was nothing the matter when they asked. “It’s lovely of you to pop round, really, but I’m fine, honestly. Just tired and suffering from this wretched nausea.”
Only a few years ago, Sherlock had realised how strange it really was that they hadn’t been there to support and guide him with his emotions.
Catching Mary (Rosamund) in the act had never worked, but with Culverton Smith, Sherlock was determined to make it work.
Normally the friction between his cock and the bed would not have been nearly enough to make him come, but with his erection throbbing excessively with heat along with the rest of him, Sherlock knew it wasn’t going to take much. (Which was a good thing, seeing as his arms were simply too weak to give himself a hand.) At least the little buggers raging through his body were compensating their detrimental effect in this one way.
The look on Sherlock’s face was initially one of pure shock. Then, slowly, his eyes softened and his breathing returned, in the form of several relieved-sounding huffs directed left and right. He smiled and bit his lip for a short moment, before he gleefully exclaimed “yes!” His expression was still jumping from happy to incredulous and back, as he added quietly, “If you’re really sure, that is, then yes, I will definitely marry you, John.”
Sherlock went to sit down next to John. “It’s just as much my fault. I should have told you not to tell anyone.” He put a hand on John’s shoulder. “Look on the bright side. Seeing as she’s staying with us anyway, the additionally required security that MI5 will now undoubtedly provide will benefit all four of us at the same time. It’s extremely efficient.” He smiled a rueful smile.
To see his lover flaunt such womanly characteristics had momentarily caused a slight short-circuit in his brain.
Sherlock let out a derisive grunt. “I want to look into Thompson’s so-called alibi first. It doesn’t make sense.” The greengrocer who had been found dead, strangled, behind his own shop had had a long-standing feud with his neighbour, who had repeatedly tried, and failed, to expand his business by buying the adjacent property. So this Thompson had certainly had a motive and Sherlock had found the rope that had been used as a murder weapon (covered in the victim’s skin cells) hidden inside a pillow case at the bottom of Thompson’s laundry basket. Sherlock’s brain was now quickly starting to present possible circumstances which might have given the man an opportunity to create such a fake alibi. “You start looking into the supplier though. I would still like to know what reason she had to have ten kilos of acetamiprid in stock.”
John glanced at him with something of a mischievous smile, or perhaps even a triumphant one. Before Sherlock had time to think any more, John opened his mouth and took him in, making Sherlock’s brain short-circuit. He was vaguely aware of a variety of unfamiliar noises coming from his own throat and this time, when John looked at him, Sherlock was certain he saw an unabashedly victorious grin on the doctor’s flushed face.
It was clear to him now, that he’d simply been too narrow-sighted to see the damage done by miscommunication back when meagre two-way monologues had still been the only way he knew. Now that he’d successfully begun to repair that damage between him and John, by listening, and by
Because the weather was nice, they walked the mile and a half to the station. When John headed for the platform where the train to Epping was waiting, it suddenly seemed to dawn on Sherlock. “Ah,” was all he said. John couldn’t quite read his mood, though. Somewhere between annoyed and resigned, with a hint of sadness.
And Aunt Vivian. Poor Aunt Vivian, taken away in handcuffs. He prayed to God they were treating her right.
With his blue dress casually brushing against his now bare thighs – a strange, unfamiliar sensation – he crawled back to the spot between Sherlock’s legs. He bent down and licked a long stripe over the length of Sherlock’s cock, making him suck in a long breath through his teeth. Then he paused, looking up at Sherlock to increase suspense. His lover was now practically trembling with anticipation. John smiled, thinking about the best strategy to make this last. He then firmly gripped the base of Sherlock’s cock between a circle of two fingers and started slowly swirling his tongue around Sherlock’s glans.
was looking after Rosie. As Sherlock’s friend, she would put everything into caring for and protecting her, he knew. Although he was still having a hard time picturing her with a baby.
“Christ, Sherlock, you are the best thing that ever happened to me,” he whispered urgently. “And that was before tonight. Now... you’re just off the scale. Oh
Interestingly, they still did, though. They said things like “I’m so sorry” and “My poor child, how will you ever be able to forgive us”, even though they knew perfectly well he couldn’t hear or understand those sentences.
Underneath, the woman had written, “If you not can geeve me back my beloved syster, at least bring me
But Sherlock’s eyes were drawn to John’s scar, which he had never seen up this close before. The scar that had brought John home, to him. Wasn’t it the strangest twist of fate that they wouldn’t be here if John hadn’t been shot in Afghanistan? Then again, almost the same went for his own gunshot wound, which had revealed Mary’s true nature and eliminated her from the equation.
When there was no response, he retracted his hand and clumsily pushed his pyjama bottoms down to reveal his buttocks.
Lestrade finished his teacup and heaved a sigh. “Well, that’s my duty done for the day. Not much else on at the moment, I’m afraid.”
After a good while sitting there like that, Sherlock’s tears finally came also. Silently at first, until his crying reached his heart and several proper sobs escaped his chest. As devastated as John felt, he was in a way also awed that Sherlock felt safe enough with John to fall apart in his arms, for what was likely the first time in decades. Strangely, it was possibly the most precious thing that Sherlock had ever given him. And John cherished it like he would a wounded little robin, nurturing it while giving it the space it needed.
Mrs Hudson stormed over to him. “Now you just listen to me for once in your stupid life. I know Mary’s dead and I know your heart is broken, but if Sherlock Holmes dies too, who will you have then?”
He and Sherlock soon concluded that two things needed to be done: to collect evidence of who she really was so that she could be safely locked away by the justice system, and to safeguard the baby’s wellbeing. In order to achieve the second goal, they had to postpone the first one, as it would be a lot easier to get custody over the baby if Mary didn’t get convicted until after it was born.
It was the most amazing feeling to suddenly be able to bury his face in Sherlock’s neck just like that and breathe him in. In some inexplicable way, it felt safe.
When he caught a glimpse of John from the corner of his eyes, Sherlock’s gut clenched. The look on John’s face was one of complete shock.
-- Their sisters use body sign language to give each other directions for finding nectar. Never let her think that bees are less clever than us. S
about personal matters and feelings, in proper dialogue, he resolved to do a similar thing with his brother, Sherrinford.
Sherlock grabbed his phone – his fingers trembling ever so slightly – and took a couple of pictures of the envelope in his hand and of the gap he had recovered it from. Then he nodded to the bench nearby.
He looked down at Chloe, who appeared to be trying to push herself up into a standing position on his lap, and helped her. No sooner had she gotten herself upright, than she started to enthusiastically bounce up and down, bending and stretching her little knees with impressive force and vigour, as Sherlock held her torso and carefully swayed along with her movements – without pushing her in any direction.
She stared at the note pinned to the noticeboard in her kitchen, that Culverton Smith had once given to Jim when they’d made this ridiculous bet. Smith had been an acquaintance of Jim’s, who had appreciated Smith for his like-minded cleverness. He had known exactly what sort of things Smith was up to, and – obsessed as he had been with Sherlock Holmes – had claimed that it wouldn’t be very difficult for someone like Holmes to find him out also.
“Hmm, would you let a stranger touch you like this?” Sherlock asked, pressing himself even closer to John’s back and resting his chin on his shoulder.
“Yes, Mummy,” Mycroft said, beating Sherlock to it. “I believe I’ve told you of Sherlock’s plan to try
From a distance, he heard John assure the earl that they would let him know as soon as they found any clue at all. A moment later, John nudged his elbow. “Sherlock, the DI appointed this sergeant to fill us in on the facts.” Probably so as to minimise the effect of other officers getting annoyed at our asking questions, Sherlock thought. Efficient enough, though.
Sherlock still had three buttons of his shirt to go when John suddenly dropped to his knees and hungrily took Sherlock’s cock in his mouth. This elicited a gasp and then a long, soft moan from Sherlock, his head thrown back in ecstasy and his hands briefly stopping what they were doing.
“Once. Long time ago. Apparently, I passed rather well. I think Lestrade still has a picture on his phone.”
“Your cock… so perfect,” John was panting. “So beautiful… fits perfectly. See? Absolutely stunning… gorgeous… you...
. There was clearly no point in even thinking about that. The Work was all that mattered to Sherlock, after all. The fact that he’d become more comfortable touching John and being physically close, like when they sat on the sofa together, leaning against one another, didn’t have to mean anything.
Sherlock turned around to see John smiling at him. “Hello, sleeping beauty,” Sherlock said, smiling back as he sauntered over to him, and bent down to give John a soft kiss.
“It is. I thought it might be… useful, to exchange our perspectives and perhaps take away some misunderstandings.”
Also, he put in a lot of effort to acquire the perfect present, which was no mean feat. He knew exactly what he wanted to give Sherlock, but the timing in selecting the right specimen was crucial. It involved a lot of internet searches and phone calls until he found what he was looking for.
He opened his word processor and before he knew it, his fingers were flying over the keyboard and words were flowing out of him. His creativity was on fire, and for the first time in a long while, he felt he was doing something that gave him real, positive energy. Something not involving Rosie or Sherlock, that was. Something purely
The first thing John did after their weekend in heaven was have himself tested. It had been a completely stupid and irresponsible thing not to use a condom when he’d given head, since he was perfectly aware that both herpes and gonorrhoea could easily be passed from mouth to genitals. He was a goddamn
Towards the end of the afternoon, when they were lazily lying on the sofa, limbs intertwined, John furtively crawled down and hooked his fingers in the waistband of Sherlock’s pyjama trousers again. Sherlock became hard within seconds, catching his breath when he felt John’s fingers on his bare hips, pulling down his pants. Without further ado, John took Sherlock’s cock into his mouth and, using his already expanding array of creative tongue techniques, soon made him come, grunting and screaming as dazzling fireworks went off in his head once more.
The shrew had fooled so many people. Even Janine Hawkins, whom Mary had managed to get just as close to, in an impeccable ‘best friends’ act – which, when you thought about it, was at least an equally impressive feat, seeing as there’d not been any romantic seduction involved.
Sherlock ended up not reading John’s face but the noises he was making, and they sounded delightful.
Pretending to be unaffected, Sherlock continued, “As unconventional as this might be from a pedagogical perspective, I’m going to give you your reward
“But of course he wasn’t wearing a blue hoodie then, or trying to conceal himself,” Sherlock stated.
The following awkward moment, where they were standing there in just their pants, was quickly ended by John, who wrapped his arms around Sherlock and let his hands wander all over his back. Sherlock instinctively pressed his face into John’s neck, breathing in his scent, so as to inhale as many John Watson biomolecules as possible. He had always been intensely aware of the faint version of this smell lingering in the vicinity of his former flatmate and had longed to properly breathe it in at close range all these years. It was the nicest smell he could imagine on the planet, curiously calming and arousing at the same time. Not that his prick could get any harder at this particular moment.
The results page on her screen showed photographs of Smith, with links to a couple of books he’d written. One was apparently called ‘How to Make a Killing’ and the other ‘Business Killer’. Under the header ‘Latest News’ there was an item headlined, in speech marks, ‘“He’s a serial killer!”’ and underneath, it said, ‘Net detective blasts Culverton Smith on Twitter’.
Even Sherlock radiated delighted approval at John’s plan. “Would anyone like more tea or coffee?” he asked, getting up to refill the kettle.
(With many thanks again to my invaluable helpers mydogwatson, gingerhermit, Jonathan, Hannah and Amber! And of course to my long-suffering husband and kids, who have once more been deprived of their due attention during my writing this sequel. ;D)
“Yeah.” John turned his head to brush his lips against Sherlock’s jaw. “Either you or Rosie seem to have a positive influence on my sister.” He smiled.
“What happened, Sherlock? Is your despair based on facts or on mere assumptions created by one of those infinitely complicated deductions generated by that overactive brain of yours?” She leaned back and stirred her tea, tilting her head and raising an eyebrow almost amusedly.
Sherlock couldn’t stop himself from casually remarking, “You know I only said ‘yes’ so that I would never have to use or hear the hideous terms ‘boyfriend’ or ‘partner’ ever again, right?”
back home at Baker Street, didn’t you?” His cheeks reddened slightly as he looked away, in an apparent attempt at being casual. “Tell her I say hello,” he nodded towards the phone. Then, grinning, he huffed out a breath. “
He looked at Sherlock with an earnest frown. “Promise to tell me if it hurts, or if you just want me out, okay? Just tell me.”
“It’s okay, Arthur, you can take off your blindfold,” Sherlock said. “Your dad is here, everything is fine now.” With one hand, he opened a window to let in fresh air, while still holding Wilder at gunpoint. Then he kneeled to carefully pick up the smoke bomb and threw it outside, without moving his gaze.
Mrs Hudson’s sister nodded. “And you can come and visit me to look at it in my house, whenever you like,” she added.
.” He was positively trembling now, rage uncontrollably building up inside him, but with no one there to aim it at. “Does he even know--”
Just when Sherlock thought this couldn’t get any worse, Sherrinford grabbed a sketchbook from a nearby shelf and doodled a quick drawing in it, which he held up to Sherlock as well, sort of in the direction of the Red Square painting, with the same question in his eyes once more.
He obviously had a sick, weak mind, having fantasies about a random woman on the bus as well as his best friend. Pitiful.
With the force of a rocket smashing into a planet, the realisation of what Sherlock was trying to say suddenly hit John. His eyes shot open wide. “Oh fuck, Sherlock, no, no, no. You’re not trying to tell me...
If it hadn’t been for Miss Adler, well, maybe Jim would still be alive. She was almost as much to blame as Holmes.
Then again, what else could it be? Surely the clump was not just what it seemed to be – a mere ball of tape, stashed away in such a secret hiding place.
With their mouths still pressed together, Sherlock pulled up his knees towards his shoulders and wrapped his legs around John’s back, provoking a feeling of wondrous inevitability. Then he tentatively reached between them to take John’s cock in one hand and guide it to his arse. First, he wriggled John’s glans around a bit between his arse cheeks, at which John couldn’t help but let out a blissful moan. When Sherlock stopped moving and held John securely in one place, coaxing him to start pushing in, John carefully did so – as slowly as he could muster. He let out a stifled noise through his nose as he felt Sherlock’s arse hole gradually open around him.
Summer slowly started to give way to autumn, with colder winds and the occasional tree starting to change colour. Meanwhile, as there was still no other sign of Eurus except Hannah’s dead neighbour, it was almost as if none of that was real. As if it were all just a game. They were safe and comfortable in 221B with the four of them.
John had needed a bit of seducing to get him into bed today. Sherlock happened to find John particularly adorable when he was hesitant and unsure, which was the way he had been also during their first time; and the first couple of times afterwards. It triggered a sort of trust and love in Sherlock that had made it possible to be relaxed enough to actually do this in the first place. On top of that, John was careful, attentive and controlled – even if sometimes a bit dominant – which made Sherlock feel truly safe (never once minding the dominant bit).
John should have expected this question, really. Wasn’t that what all gay people were afraid of when they were in a relationship with someone bisexual?
He was past the point of shame of asking The Government (as Sherlock still referred to Mycroft) for help, by now.
But how about Sherrinford’s second crime, at the first facility he’d been in? He’d opened the gas in his residential unit and locked everyone inside.
something that prevents people from just telling the ones they love how they feel, creating all kinds of infinitely complicated situations up to the point where they have to go and pay a detective to solve it all?”
“Seems like a plan. Any excuse for some fresh air, really,” John had replied, getting up from the desk full of papers.
, Sherlock. I’m ready,” he heard John say. John wanted this so clearly. All trace of the anxiety that Sherlock had seen in the previous months whenever John’s arse was concerned, was gone, completely. The way he lay there under Sherlock, so plainly wanting Sherlock to fuck him, was breathtaking.
“Do you know, John,” said Sherlock, “that it is one of the curses of a mind with a turn like mine that I must look at everything with reference to my own special subject. You look at these scattered houses, and you are impressed by their beauty. I look at them, and the only thought which comes to me is a feeling of their isolation and of the impunity with which crime may be committed there.”
“I guess, yeah.” Something about Greg indicated, however, that his joy at this was not entirely uninhibited. “She is really great, you know, but we’ve also had a couple of pretty far-reaching misunderstandings, and… It’s just, you know, being the old fogey that I am, and after my spectacularly failed marriage, I sometimes worry that maybe I just don’t
John opened his mouth with the apparent intention of cursing him, but before a full syllable had come out, Greg cried, “Alright! I will just leave you to it then.” And he slammed the door shut before hurrying back down the stairs, the banging of his heart in serious competition with the stomping of his shoes.
Her eyes widened as she stared at the outlines of their backs in the dark; nailed to the spot. Even though she couldn’t see much of John, she sensed he stiffened just as much as she did at Sherlock’s words.
At least the fruitless nervousness that Sherlock had had about him the previous day was now transformed into a more focused energy. “First, I want to go back to the grove of trees behind the school, where Arthur was told to meet his mum,” he said. “Then I’ll have a word with the caretaker. And maybe talk to some kids. They probably know more than the police do, by this point.”
Before he opened his eyes, however, he remembered. The pillow he was resting on, was a living and breathing
Eurus splayed her hands against the cold, silent tiles, feeling the warmth get sucked out of her fingers.
Still, as upsetting as Sherrinford’s deeds had been – or precisely because of that, in fact – John felt the urge to know him, understand him, at least a tiny bit, insofar that was at all possible. Had it been raw anger, base aggressiveness, that Sherlock had had to live with during his infant years? Uncoordinated spasms of fury? Or had it perhaps been a slow, simmering sort of rage, provoked only by frustration, born out of a certain despondency?
It would take a while before Sherlock was back to normal, but he was on the right track and John was determined to be at his side the entire way.
He dragged himself down the stairs and slouched back to the waiting area on the first floor, while the vortex of thoughts and emotions continued to whirl in his head.
She bent over the table and gasped sharply as she took out a contact lens. Tossing her hair back a little, she turned to look at John, revealing that her right eye was now a grey-blue colour while her left eye was still brown.
Sherlock was quiet, his gaze drifting along the trees in the distance, as if digging up old memories.
“John!” It was Greg Lestrade, standing in the far corner of the entrance alcove, fag between his fingers.
--Would you like to go out for dinner this Saturday at The Ledbury, around 8pm? Would love to see you again. xx
“Oh, sorry! I haven’t even introduced myself. You know half my life but not my name,” she giggled, suddenly looking five years younger. “It’s Violet Smith.”
“No, seemed a bit rude. And there was no need, what with all the bloody Mickey Mouse and Spiderman merchandise all about the place.”
One spring afternoon, two weeks into their relationship, when John had had an early shift, they were doing just that when they heard a brusque knock on the door. Since Sherlock had instructed Mrs Hudson not to let in any clients, with this narrowed-down choice it was quite easy even for John to deduce it must be Lestrade.
John blinked, frowning. Of course it had. It just hadn’t occurred to him she might pose as his therapist and aim a bloody gun at him.
“Good.” Sherlock rushed into the north wing, motioning for Beverly to follow him. Once they were over halfway down the corridor, Sherlock produced the smoke bomb he’d been carrying around especially for this moment. After setting it off, he carefully rolled it towards the far end of the corridor, whispering urgently to the earl, “I want you to shout ‘fire!’ on the top of your lungs now.”
Exactly as Sherlock had expected, John seized his lower arm and turned one shoulder into Sherlock’s body, then slammed his hand down onto Sherlock’s hand and knocked the scalpel out of it. As it clattered noisily to the floor, he turned and grabbed Sherlock’s coat with both hands and bundled him backwards across the room, pushing him against one of the cabinet doors.
But despite her erratic bluntness, it was very clear to John that she had no bad intentions whatsoever, and the fact that she was completely unaware of the effect of her unfortunate remarks on the people around her meant that the atmosphere almost instantly improved immensely as soon as John had successfully managed to steer the conversation away from personal matters.
He looked at Sherlock faintly smiling back at him from his hospital bed. The pompous git of a detective: his best friend in the world. John felt a strange but strong comfort knowing that nothing could ever weaken the bond between them, which was stronger than anybody could explain. Not even his marrying an assassin wife who’d attempted to kill Sherlock had changed anything about that. It didn’t get more outlandish than that, did it?
Sherlock stilled, looking at John with an uncertain expression. “So this is not just a fling, or – I don’t know – some phase we’re going through? Or an experiment? Which will end as soon as the novelty has worn off?”
“As you’re… well… probably more of a lady’s man after all.” Sherlock swallowed, not quite knowing where to look.
Sherlock opened his eyes again. John then dropped his head for a second, letting out a long breath. “I see. Yes. Come here.” He motioned for Sherlock to sit up against the headboard with him, and took Sherlock’s hand in his. “First of all, listen to me. I love you. Very, very much. In spite of how ridiculously wired that brain of yours is. Okay? I have loved you for a very long time and I don’t think it likely I will ever stop doing so. You hear me?” He placed one hand on Sherlock’s cheek and pressed his lips to Sherlock’s, remaining still like that for a while. Sherlock had no idea where this conversation was going, but this was good. Yes, definitely, very good.
Sherlock and John had decided not to invite anybody over this time, or to go visit anyone else, as they didn’t want the hassle with a baby who was in the middle of a phase where she was teething, cranky and unable to sleep most of the time.
Mycroft informed them that Amit Joachim (“AJ”) had been shot by Moroccan police shortly after committing car theft with manslaughter.
“I already am. But I’m still here,” he grinned, leaning in for a short kiss. “I have no intention of ever ceasing to be what I am to you now,” John added. “Unless, perhaps, we would decide one day to change our status from boyfriends to husbands.” He swallowed. That had actually been a rather ridiculous thing to say at this point. It had been meant as a joke, really, but it had come out much more seriously. Because deep down, he
“Well, then,” Sherlock said to Moore. “Let’s have a look at that grove of trees first now, shall we?”
Or, alternatively, John had learned it in the past. Either recently, in secret – which seemed highly unlikely – or a longer time ago, simply without ever applying this knowledge in Sherlock’s presence, for some reason.
Sherlock gritted his teeth, but couldn’t prevent the response that popped into his head from leaving his mouth. “Ah, I take it you are, by contrast,
They stared at each other for what seemed like eternity, during which Sherlock’s mind was eerily blank, like a machine built of cogwheels ground to a halt by something that had gotten stuck between the moving parts.
John then took his face in both hands and pressed a kiss to his lips, bringing Sherlock back to the present and away from useless worries. Sherlock allowed his mind to drift and his body to relax, knowing that his brain would subconsciously continue to process data and connect threads regardless, or actually even better, when not consciously trying to think. Slowly, John kissed a trail down his throat, then down his chest, taking the time to worship every square inch of skin that his lips touched.
Eurus had found the note among Jim’s things when she’d gone through them in a bout of nostalgia, a few weeks ago. She’d stuck it on her wall, not sure what to do with it, but sensing it might somehow come in handy.
As they climbed the stairs to the tiny flat, it started to dawn on John what the boy’s relation was to Meredith. Once they sat, he asked, “So you live with him then? Just the two of you?”
“But that’s how we always do it.” John smiled, a bit shy. “I would just like to try it this way once, wouldn’t you?”
“The thing is,” the girl continued, “I bumped into this Jack on two separate occasions since. Once just outside the school where I work and once at Sainsbury’s – while their flat is at least three miles the other way. Behaving even creepier than the first time I met him, being all over-familiar with me and all. So that’s why I think there is a chance that it’s him.”
As they wandered the streets together, rather companionably, in fact, he decided to take her case after all and ask for the gun as payment. Then at least he would have done something useful with his life this month.
Sherlock’s smirk slowly returned to his face as his tongue casually touched his upper lip. He squinted at the horizon and asked innocently: “What do you suggest we do?”
Sherlock looked taken aback, wary. He only barely seemed able to keep his emotions in check, while also clearly trying to read his brother’s intentions, looking from the painting in his hands to him and back.
About an hour later, having obtained no useful clues beside the gun, the note and some fibres of cloth they had found on the jagged window glass, Greg informed John that Daniel had also returned empty-handed.
“I think we very well might. And I definitely very much hope so.” John was smiling calmly, while inwardly, he was screaming ‘Oh, god yes, please be mine forever’.
, was all he could think, gritting his teeth. He quickly made for the door, feeling relieved when it fell shut behind them, until it occurred to him that Sherlock would likely only get even more of this kind of attention inside, from men who were mostly actually into men, which made it worse. Although part of him wanted to show off his amazing, brilliant boyfriend to anybody in range, another part of him wanted to shield Sherlock from the world and have him only to himself; for no one else to see his beauty, ever –
John very slowly pushed in a bit more, then stopped again, until Sherlock nodded that it was okay to go deeper. Once he was past the first sphincter, he slid in so easily it made him blink.
Sherlock’s heart ached as if he’d been stabbed. He swallowed. Twice. “I’m so sorry, John. I know it doesn’t make up for anything, but I am
“Serbia,” he’d simply replied in a faint whisper, as he awkwardly leaned on one elbow for the nurse to take his other arm out of one sleeve. And then, apparently, reading John’s next question from the silence in the air, “Three days. Then Mycroft found it necessary to wade in and rescue me.” He spoke slowly, flinching every so often as the nurse eased him out of his gown. “Just when I’d managed to snatch the key to the lock on my chains from my captor.” He vaguely smirked, although that could have just been the morphine, before another painful grimace contorted his face.
They spent the rest of the afternoon drinking chamomile tea, listening to Christmas music – which suddenly sounded much less tacky than it always had before – and reminiscing over Christmases past: how John had been jealous of Irene (Hannah) that one time, and how Mrs Hudson was always trying to make Sherlock wear the antlers.
Panicking, he gasped in a breath an instant before Smith laid his right palm over his mouth and pressed down hard. Smith then covered Sherlock’s nose with his other hand. “Murder is a very difficult addiction to manage,” he said, pushing his hands down, as Sherlock writhed under him – oxygen deprivation already starting to gradually kick in. “People don’t realise how much work goes into it. You have to be careful.”
“What things, exactly? No, wait, I know. You don’t just want the building surrounded in case she shows up,” John said, pensively. “You are the only one who is able to recognise her, which will nevertheless be tricky, with her chameleon abilities.
“Just kidding!” She laughed. “I’m so happy for you both. Honestly,” she added, more earnestly. She really meant it, and she knew they knew.
The sun was still bright in the evening summer sky when they arrived at a house that was painted dark red and was surrounded by a low stone wall.
John went still and cupped Sherlock’s jaw with his hand. “I am. But, look. I love you,” he whispered. “And I don’t want to hurt you. So this makes me a bit nervous. Promise you’ll tell me if it’s hurting, okay? Because I don’t want that, and we’ll stop right away. You’ve got to promise.”
The youth huffed out a laugh. “Yes we did. Last Sunday evening, before he travelled back to work. About who had to dry the dishes. Same thing every time. The only thing we ever bicker about, really.”
Sherrinford started rummaging among his other works and produced a rather stunning painting of Niagara Falls. The spray of the water was beautifully captured, showing subtle rainbow diffractions from the sun’s rays. When his brother pointed one finger from Sherlock to the painting, making Sherlock realise it was another question –
In the thirty metres it took to get to the main entrance of the community centre, Sherlock managed to get more appreciative looks than John did funny ones. One bloke even whistled, at which Sherlock casually smirked and John felt his cheeks heat.
Either way, Mary (Rosamund) must have been laughing her head off, thinking they would never find the Pearl anyway. (Which, to be fair, they hadn’t. AJ had taken it right under Sherlock’s nose, never to be found again. It must now lie in some hiding place somewhere in the world, where it would likely remain forever.)
This really shouldn’t have been so revolutionary. But John realised that this was what his previous female sex partners, as well as – bizarrely – his patients had been doing all the time. Letting someone else decide what happens with your body. What you feel, where you are touched. And that’s when he realised that he, John
It wasn’t until they were on their way back to 221b the second time that Sherlock eventually spoke again. “People just don’t know how to keep bees and make honey anymore,” he grumbled. “When the day arrives that I get tired of my work in London, I think I may just become a beekeeper myself, in some place quiet. Like Sussex. And thus prevent the local old ladies from dying of bloody botulism!”
even intervening, imagine that!” His voice has risen rather higher than he intended, but he finds he doesn’t give a flying fig. “See? You’re getting more and more efficient!”
He could perhaps alter the facts of an old case that he’d never bothered to write up, or one he hadn’t been allowed to make public at the time, and – with some minor alterations – turn it into a new story, just for fun.
starving, to be honest.” He lifted the takeaway bags to eye-level before setting them on the coffee table. “But tell me what you’ve got, anyway.”
Late that Wednesday morning, Sherlock actually talked to Amy. Or rather, and even more baffling, she talked to
And he’d dragged them all down with him in that obsession, just because what he said, went. Like the angry sea witch with her all-devouring vortex, trying to catch that one ship with the prince on it.
Mycroft saying to Sherlock, on the phone, just before the start of John and Mary's wedding, "Oh, by the way, Sherlock – do you remember Redbeard?"
John tried to get hold of Sherlock’s cock to stroke him, but that turned out to be altogether a bit too ambitious: to his own frustration he couldn’t maintain the same angle and rhythm while leaning only on one arm. And he was close now, so very close. He could already feel the beginnings of a dizzying whirl gradually building up inside, until it suddenly over-flowed his being and erased everything around him, annihilating along with it any reluctance to cry out an elaborate string of primordial syllables that meant nothing and everything at the same time.
, which had decidedly not been pretty, and that was just nicotine withdrawal.) But he just had to be there for him. He owed him that much.
But Sherlock carefully remained sitting on his knees, inclining his upper body only slightly towards John, trying to keep some respectful distance between them.
Feeling the weight of him had a strangely comforting effect, while at the same time, feeling John’s cock pressing against his thigh, so close to his own and without any fabric between them this time, made Sherlock’s heart pound in his chest.
Sherlock’s shyness is betrayed by his sudden business-like manner. “I hoped you’d say that.” His eyes dart away, seeming to avoid John.
John was close. So very close. Sherlock was holding him, kissing him, pressing him against the bathroom wall, while John thrust into his hand.
After pocketing the little plastic bag, Sherlock casually strolled back home, feeling more at ease already for the knowledge that bliss was now within an arm’s reach.
Sometime later, from the depths of his slumber, Sherlock heard someone huff out a noisy breath very near him. He opened his eyes and blinked a couple of times.
Time suddenly seemed to fall away, years disappearing into infinite space. They were both even standing in the exact same spot as they had that first time they’d been in this room together and he’d spoken those same words, just before dashing off on their first joint case.
“We’re still friends. Sometimes we text,” Sherlock shrugged, picking up his phone and checking the new message. “She just reminded me of something important.” Sherlock smiled. “July 7. Happy birthday John. I’m… sorry I didn’t get you anything.” He briefly pressed his lips together.
“No.” He really didn’t want to talk about Sherlock right now. He knew they would very soon end up in some very Freudian rabbit holes if they did.
? He didn’t come across as overly bright to me, but who knows. Either way, you don’t mind me taking these, do you? It’s no fun if you cheat.”
He’d finally found out when Sherlock’s birthday was by looking inside his passport while in the queue to board their plane, on their way back from Norway. And also what his age was – funny as that may be. It had simply never come up in conversation.
John chuckled, which he regretted instantly, as it hurt his throat. “I might have watched one too many horror and Bond films lately.”
Hannah went pale. “That’s our street. Briony is in danger!” She dived for her phone and punched in a number, while she hurried out of the room.
John was still stupefied by the bomb Sherlock had dropped on him by mentioning that both his parents most likely had autism. In the past, John had sometimes half-seriously considered whether Sherlock himself might be on the spectrum, but he’d always concluded that he wasn’t really, no matter how hard he tried to come across as an uncaring machine. However, since the other day, the whole conundrum had taken on an entirely new perspective, with Sherlock turning out to have very likely been imprinted by autistic parents to be this way, when he really wasn’t, deep down.
Of course, this was a foolish thing to do. Never let your guard down. Not ever. Especially not when you’ve got a priceless pearl hidden in your coat and a bag sitting next to you with two illegal, fake passports that were essential evidence for the police forces of several different countries.
He glanced at his brother walking beside him in the busy shopping street, unaware of his thoughts, as they passed all sorts of elaborate Christmas displays in the shop windows, all complete with fake snow and blinking lights.
Sherlock wasn’t sure what to do next. Should he just take his clothes off already? Or maybe brush his teeth first, like John was probably doing now? He decided on the latter and joined John in the bathroom.
Molly had reluctantly agreed to create a fake death certificate in John’s name, if Sherlock gave her the word, despite her initially being shocked at the question, which she’d briefly thought part of some stupid game.
When they were finally home and having a cup of tea in their respective chairs, John realised with a start that their reservation at The Golden Beehive was in less than two hours. It had completely slipped his mind to tell Sherlock about the owner’s phone call.
“I’d better get going then, in case Sally Donovan suddenly walks in. I’m done here, anyway. I… I need to go and fetch Rosie.”
When John had collapsed on top of him, which was usually a position he was happy to stay in for quite a while, he quickly jumped off again, muttering “Jesus, Sherlock, you’re as hot as an oven. God, we should never have done this.”
Also, actually spending time around Sherlock, who she’d long considered a dear friend, was a blast. They often understood each other with half a word and they both appreciated the other’s witty remarks and the sort of obscure references that no one else ever seemed to get. And despite Hannah’s reservations, John had turned out not to be so hard to get along with at all, now that the two of them were happy together.
“Oh, I have been so stupid. I… I didn’t know who she was. I… I’m truly sorry.” He dragged a hand over his face. “I might actually have told my therapist about you. That you and Sherlock were still in touch. That you were in fact… still alive. Except, she wasn’t really my therapist.”
He spent the rest of the afternoon looking for a more practically instructive kind of information sources. As he manoeuvred his way around paid porn sites, he managed to find a couple of videos featuring a short, blond man, whose lanky partner – who apparently loved dogs, judging by the pawprint tattoo on his shoulder – seemed to very much enjoy getting fucked by the blond in an immeasurably educational number of positions.
Why exactly it was so important to Sherlock to know the delivery days and why he estimated this to be the best way to find out, frankly escaped him.
And then, suddenly, a hundred jigsaw pieces started to fall into place, sprouting a fountain of deductions in Sherlock’s head. Mycroft was
Two minutes later, they all tucked in and clinked their glasses, celebrating the result of months of hard work and patience.
Hannah then spent another good half hour giving him tips to make his posture more feminine without it looking like a parody, and Sherlock felt he was all set.
John stepped into the workshop, looking at the gold and silver craftsmanship on display and ignoring the two men, save for a short general nod in their direction.
He fell back against the mattress and revelled in the prospect of an entire Saturday with John, and no plans other than a fancy dinner date tonight.
Come to think of it, John hadn’t felt this much at ease himself for a long time. Things with Mary had finally been settled, mostly anyway, and he was gradually starting to feel he’d gotten his life back. Sitting in front of the crackling fire with Sherlock, he found himself wishing time would stop and they could just sit here in their chairs like this forever. He wished he could make Sherlock smile all the time in that precious tentative and semi-shy way, which did something to John’s insides, something wonderful and nauseating at the same time. Something that made him want to take Sherlock’s face in his hands and...
John was smiling at him, tentatively biting his lip. He still seemed intent on following through on this.
Sherlock had kept his eyes fixed on their joint hands, not daring to look up. He was very aware that there were things he wanted, and that he thought perhaps John wanted as well, even. But not while he was still officially with Mary. Those things, if they ever came to be at all, would have to wait.
