John felt himself wincing in sympathy, and reminded himself that they were only paintings. After the third photograph, he had to look away. For all he knew, they came straight out of Garcia’s twisted imagination. A look at Sherlock’s grim expression proved otherwise, however.
. Anyway, the great pudding-faced moose won’t like the idea of you and me getting involved, as that would take
“Interesting décor in here, Mr. Jameson.” Sherlock said blithely, adjusting the scarf around his neck. “Classic provincial pub, the usual china figurines and brewery tat. Predictable farm accoutrements… those binoculars on the window-sill are a little incongruous though; aren’t they?”
“Hardly a day for exercising horses, surely?” John queried, watching their slow journey with faint concern.
“They keep other stuff off the main shop floor, though.” said Violet. “They keep frozen meat and ice-cream and things in freezers in the basement. So if someone asked for a few different items, whoever was serving that day could easily have been out of the store for a few minutes.”
I'm hoping to update Savage Music Sombre Light soon, definitely before the end of January.
“No, stop it. I need to know. Are you alright?” John asked insistently. He could hear a sharp, rhythmic tapping noise coming from the distance and he lowered his voice. “I know this place will probably bring back some bad memories. We don’t have to stay-“
“But he’s a policeman! How did a former criminal get to be a policeman?!”
“You don’t like having your hair pulled.” John murmured, after a pause. “Anything else?”
John, who was now somehow propped on his elbows and helplessly watching him, realised that Sherlock was tasting the pre come that seemed to be almost constantly leaking from his cock. The endless, unfurling rushes of desire at the base of his spine and groin seemed to magnify, and he couldn’t help but moan softly at the sight. Sherlock raised his eyes to meet John’s, his eyes hazy as he reached out a hand to gently stroke John’s stomach. He opened his lips wider, and took John back into his mouth to suck at him a little harder. His fingers gently stroked his balls in a rhythmic, teasing motion that had John nearly sobbing with lust before they slipped a little lower to press at his perineum.
When he went downstairs he saw several packing cases and two familiar suitcases on the landing. Sherlock was in the kitchen, glaring furiously at two petri dishes which lay among the clutter on the kitchen table.
“Interesting.” said Sherlock drily, from where he sat on the edge of the opposite bunk. John gasped slightly, turning to face him. He swallowed hard, and kicked off the sheets in an attempt to cool down.
Sherlock flung himself backwards into his chair, tipping his head back and pinching the bridge of his nose theatrically. “Honestly John, if I tiptoed around these dolts like you do, we’d never get anything out of them. Miss Lee is an fascinating psychological case, I grant you; but she’s of next to no use as a witness.”
Menzies kept looking around at them all, blinking furiously. Several times he seemed inclined to ask Sherlock a question, but never seemed to find the nerve.
(God damn it, I don’t need an audience for this.)
Patrick got to his feet politely, holding out his hand in greeting. Mycroft’s face smoothed out almost instantly when he saw his brother, amusement fading into inscrutability. He stood up with an unenthusiastic air, clearly steeling himself. Sherlock stared at him with narrowed eyes, taking in his brother’s appearance from head to toe. He’d clearly only returned from a business trip earlier that day.
“I expect so.” Sherlock muttered disdainfully. “Grandmother liked collecting and entertaining artists, as long as they were reasonably respectable and famous. And providing of course that they didn’t marry her offspring.”
beneath him.
Sherlock opened his eyes, and John inhaled sharply at the look of undisguised predatory
John stared at him, bewildered. “Ye-es. It was a suicide.”
“It was Miss Boorman’s writing on the parcel, that’s why I didn’t recognise it.” Sherlock said, with a slight shade of defensiveness. “Violet must have given the parcel to her to post. I recognised the scent of her hand cream from the string, though. She mustn’t have much faith in the Royal Mail, to have wrapped it so securely.”
[He’s coming back. He has to. He can’t just leave like that. He couldn’t. Could he?]
“Well yes, utterly.” John thought quickly. “It should be obvious that Hilary Jessop is the murderer. She applied the force to the model’s shoulders, pressing her onto the knife.”
(Oh god, is he-? Can he say it now?)
Griz gave her a disbelieving look.
“Indeed.” Sherlock nodded agreeably. “When did you last see him, just out of curiosity?”
“Your brother’s been bugging the place?
“I won’t.” John replied, feeling his heart sink a little. “Just...”
The land rover was moving surprisingly slowly for a getaway vehicle. The silence between the three men seemed a little oppressive; a faint clicking noise. [ashtray. Nervous habit. Opened and shut four times. Wait for it….]
“Well, yes, I suppose you’d call them that.” Menzies said slowly. Sherlock frowned at him.
“But not the tremendous skill, dexterity and athleticism of the sport itself?” Patrick queried, accepting a bowlful with thanks.
“I can’t understand how you can just
“Why should it matter to you? You only met her a couple of days ago.” Sherlock pointed out, staring across the white lawns and into the trees along the riverbank. He still seemed pale and a little grumpy; no doubt as a result of the wine he had drunk the night before.
The room was growing steadily darker as he was bundled towards the doors, the edges of his vision becoming distressingly blurred. Distantly, Sherlock could feel his treacherous body listing, until he was bent at almost a right angle from the waist, drooping like a badly stuffed rag doll. Bleach-blonde muttered an instruction to Biceps, who wordlessly hauled him up into his arms; supporting his full weight as easily as if he were a small child.
Rab snorted derisively. “Huh. He looked about ready to cack himself when you introduced yourselves.
Once he had stopped coughing and mopped his streaming eyes, he gasped: “K-kilt? Sherlock?
John stifled a grin at the look of chagrin on Sherlock’s face. “So he had it off with the help, then?”
impractical. Why on earth would I ever go to this much effort-”
“Oh lord…a tonic box?” Hector asked, his eyes widening. “Not a-“
particular word.
“A spot of Dutch courage, beasties?” Violet asked, breaking into his thoughts. He turned with a smile, accepting one of the small tumblers of whisky she and Patrick had carried from the makeshift bar in the corner. Sherlock accepted his own glass with a nod and took a small sip, scanning the crowd with interest.
“Perhaps I haven’t made it clear enough. Come here and sit down for a minute.” he guided Sherlock in front of the fireplace, and pushed him down onto the old leather sofa.
“Well of all the bloody cheek!” Violet laughed, and slammed her own glass down on a nearby windowsill. “Right! Challenge
“Um. No reason. Not important. Mission accomplished?”
“I am a fucking archivist, George. Bloody well
“Have you killed people?” he managed to ask bluntly, after a moment or two.
Although his body had barely moved in quite some time, Violet sensed that some indefinable tenseness had crept in. “-or not. If you don’t want to.” she added slowly.
“Oh, I see.” Mr Jameson said slowly, with a faint frown. “I didn’t buy any of the tonic, though. I get plenty of my own, you understand. Not the fancy stuff Hector stocks; it’s too expensive for the pub. I get mine from my usual wholesaler in Aberdeen.”
Biceps emerged once more, his face expressionless. He hauled Sherlock up into his arms once more, before draping him carelessly over one muscular shoulder. Sherlock’s breath was hitching in his chest, dark spots swimming in and out of his vision. [Patrick. Twenty-seven. Loves… loved my brother. No. Gone.]
Violet kicked him lazily, and lit a cigarette with a flourish. “Look, I don’t think anyone could accuse me of being either respectable
you? You want me to
she was a drunk.”
Sherlock looked up with interest at this and Violet turned, adjusting one last pin in her hair. She smiled slyly at him. “Ah. I wondered how long it would take. Katy is a terrifyingly sensible soul, and she locked her gun away before the students came to stay. Just as well, really. I might have been tempted to use it on one or two of them over the last few weeks. But she’ll have been dying to take it out again; she does love her shooting. Why don’t you take this wretched gump for a stroll around the garden while I see about lunch? I’ll come and join you, bye and bye.”
At dinner that night they sat opposite each other and baffled the rest of the family with their spirited discussions about The Cure, Bram Stoker, platonic idealism and phrenology. It was as if Violet and Sherlock were sitting at an entirely separate dinner table, in an empty dining room. Mrs Holmes watched them with the beginnings of misgivings as they leaned towards each other across the table, faces alight and arms occasionally waving in extravagant gestures. They laughed loudly. They seemed to know much more about each others’ opinions and lives than one brief prior meeting would elicit.
“An anonymous tip-off.” Sherlock repeated flatly, when the officer had explained why they were visiting Hilderbogie.
“Well Sherlock’s… I mean the back bedroom has been turned over properly. Was the mattress still on the bed when you left? All the pictures have been knocked off the walls, too. Some of the chemistry stuff in the kitchen looks a bit smashed up. But you know… I thought I’d better ask before a formal report gets lodged. Cause it’s
“What I’m trying to say is, it can take you a long time to figure out what you like. And nobody says you have to have sex at all, if you don’t want to. Personally I like it, but that’s just me. Bit of a dry spell at the moment, sadly.  For obvious reasons.”
Sherlock was scanning the crowds too, his hands dug deep into his pockets. John spotted a tall, stately looking woman with long black hair and was about to point her out when he heard what could only be described as a squeal of delight.
“What are the other ones?” he asked, sliding his hands deep into the pockets of his unbuttoned coat.
(What, exactly? Definitely not boyfriends, ugh. Sherlock’s right about that. Just seems weird once you’re on the wrong side of forty. Lovers? Ugh. Far too soppy. Couldn’t say it without cringing. Partners? We were already that, and flatmates too. Significant others?)
“You don’t have to tell me anything.” John said quietly. “Your past is absolutely none of my business. But if you’re in danger of any kind, Sherlock and I
long time.
He had managed to get home without breaking down. He had refused Sherlock’s offer of the traditional post-case Chinese food binge, saying that he needed to go back to Baker Street and sleep. He knew that Sherlock wasn’t remotely fooled, but couldn’t bring himself to look into the detectives eyes. John couldn’t face answering questions at the moment, and luckily Sherlock didn’t attempt to ask any. Sherlock had wandered off to take a shower while John stumbled up the stairs to his room.
“Well, I believe that one does put it in mince pies,” Patrick offered, polishing his glasses thoughtfully and looking to Violet for confirmation.
“Tragic.” Sherlock said sadly, and straightened up a little. “Well, Miss Argyle, you’ve been tremendously helpful. Thank you
“As opposed to ghastly old London, where everyone you pass on the street is a suspect for a grisly crime?” Violet asked cheerfully.
“Charming.” John sighed, taking a sip of his wine. “Your brother really does love messing about with other people’s lives, doesn’t he?”
“That would have been back when old Miss McGill owned the place.” Petty said, with a bemused look at Sherlock’s expression. “Mum and Dad bought it after she died – I think it was about eighteen years ago.”
“I’ll be at home, if you want to get in touch.” she said gruffly, and made her way towards the kitchen door. “Thanks for everything, Miss Vernet.”
[Yes, thank you. What a relief all those years of medical school weren’t wasted on you, John.]
John to tiptoe around him. The first time John had lost control, pushing Sherlock down on the bed and kissing him until he was breathless, Sherlock had laughed aloud with delight. He had crushed John to his chest before giving him one of the most memorable blowjobs of his life. It was moments like that that made John think:
“Lestrade! What the hell are you doing here?!”
John studied Basils sweaty, good natured and not terribly bright face and felt rather sorry for the young man. He was obviously terrified at the idea of losing Hilary; to the point he seemed at danger of having an anxiety attack.
“Which ‘ups and downs’ were you referring to, Miss Lee?” asked Sherlock impatiently. She gulped, and John kicked the leg of Sherlock’s chair furtively.
“Although goodness knows it can be
“But I don’t
“I managed to persuade Patrick’s friend back at the pub to give me this.” Sherlock dropped his arm and moved away from John slightly, taking off his gloves and pulling a small white piece of paper from his pocket. He pushed it into John’s hands. He squinted at it, holding it close to his face.
“But where?!” Violet asked, despairingly. “How the hell can we track him in the dark like this?”
“Focus, you gluttonous muppet! Now, this is an interesting situation, isn’t it? He rarely misunderstands anyone or anything, right?”
. That was what mattered, at least in John’s mind. He had been shocked, yes. And the story that she had told him left him… appalled? Yes, on occasion.
“Is there anything else you want to tell us, Basil?” John asked gently.
Sherlock took a long sip of his tea, resuming his study of the grounds. John knew that he had an uninterrupted view of the kitchen door, and his heart sank at Sherlock’s cool manner.
. We’re
John grinned up at him and mouthed “shut up, you nit!” back. He had a horrible feeling that he was going to laugh, which was entirely inappropriate given that they were likely to be beaten to a pulp very shortly. Given the way that Sherlock’s chest was hitching against his in the tiny space, the feeling was mutual.
Sherlock glared into the depths of the fire. “Not because that git told me to, don’t be moronic. But he’s going to hang around like a persistent stench of sulphur and self-righteousness until I do. And Violet won’t be happy until he’s gone. You saw what happened – I can’t stand watching the life being sucked out of her like that. It’s… it’s
dull for me.” Sherlock said laconically. John nodded seriously, his pen poised over the pad.
“The night before Freddie left!” John interjected. “George said that he was in here, smoking with Freddie. Were they smoking this, do you think?”
Sherlock studiously ignored him, and continued to gaze at Murdy’s stiff shoulders and bowed head. “Of course, one could claim that it’s
. Once he’d gotten over the shock of learning that he was going to be a father, once the initial panic had abated, he’d grown to love the idea of her. The idea of him, and the wife he thought he’d known, creating a whole new person; someone who’d rely on him and love him and whom he’d try to never let down in the hundred little ways his own dad had done. He’d built up this entire vision of Caroline in his head – fair haired and blue-eyed, more than likely. Probably cleverer than most. Quick-tempered, but it would fade away quickly. He’d unconsciously vowed to himself that he’d ensure she was able to trust in others more easily than he or Mary ever did.
“And you haven’t heard anything from him since? Anything to suggest that he might have come back at some point?”
He drifted in and out of consciousness as he was carried and dragged from the house. An indeterminate amount of time passed, marked mainly by changes in temperature and the light that filtered through his eyelids. Acute horripilation. Sound swirled around him, alternately discordant and soothing.  Snatches of an argument. Shouts and a sudden, jarring flurry of movement. He was disembodied, not quite floating but felt somehow that if his transport was propelled quickly enough through space, his mind would be left behind, a trailing comet.
the non-sequitur, John.”
John would think about being loved. John would think about being loved in an uncomplicated, straightforward way. He’d think about being loved by someone who didn’t boss him around or confuse him or infuriate him.
this bloody thing for once and for all. I cannot wait til I send this lot packing.”
Murdy was still holding the cigarette packet, and she quickly closed the lid with her gloved hands. She nimbly leapt onto the desk chair and dropped the box into the dusty ceiling lamp. In a couple of seconds she had returned the chair to where it had stood next to the desk, and began helping John and Sherlock shovel the scattered notebooks and correspondence off the carpet and back into the drawers.
“Cuffs, John.” Sherlock pointed out, with a smile. John glared at the French cuffs of Sherlock’s tailored shirt as if they had personally offended him. Sherlock’s outstretched hands were far too big to slip through the cuffs without being unbuttoned.
“Well, I have to say that I’ve been wondering when you lot would show up.” he said, peering round their faces with considerable interest. “What on earth has been going on?
it would hurt a little. He did. And John was no stranger to pain. But it was a new kind of pain, one he hadn’t experienced before.
me better.”
“I dunno about that.” John half smiled. “And you make it sound like a terrible disease.”
“The pornography, yes.” Sherlock nodded impatiently.
“Odd how?” John asked.
“I have no idea. He would never tell me. But I felt that if I was the only person that he wanted to see, when he was so shaken – surely I meant something to him?”
. And when I was with you, things… weren’t.”
“’Course. Hang on-“ he pulled off Sherlock’s boots and gently checked the movement in his woollen-covered toes. They seemed largely uninjured, thankfully.
“Ah. I’d forgotten about that.” John said warily.
John’s face was aching slightly from the grin he was wearing as he and Sherlock made their way down the stone staircase into the great hall. He couldn’t help it. He kept stealing sidelong glances at the man as they walked down the stairs. Sherlock was staring ahead, his expression carefully bored. John couldn’t help but notice the way the man was moved was slightly different from usual; the heavy wool swung gently as he walked, undulating with every slight movement of his hips. He wasn’t exactly
Luckily Sherlock very rarely actually pulled the shower curtain back when he decided that he needed to talk to (or at) John.
John takes a long inhale. Sherlock’s watching him avidly, fingertips pressed against his mouth.
, he did in fact charge for his services. And Martha Hudson was going to be very comfortably well off, once her assets were unfrozen. “Oh, I’ll email it to you later.”
John watched Sherlock come with a kind of fascination, his own ejaculation feeling a bit secondary as he saw the almost anguished look in Sherlock’s flushed, damp face. The deep moan Sherlock gave echoed slightly in the huge bathroom. John couldn’t help but grin as he watched him sag after a few seconds, the movement of his chest causing the water to lap furiously at the sides of the bath. They had both had several orgasms within the last day or so, and John didn’t really feel this last one quite so strongly; it was a gentler release. He could feel the small amount of come swirling around his fingers before dispersing in the cloudy bathwater. He sighed deeply, unable to stop looking at Sherlock (nothing new
And yet in the middle of June every year, something creeps in and darkens the shadows of every room John sits in. Nowhere is comfortable. The clamor of Londons Streets make his ears ache. Words grate and graze his skin. Food sickens him slightly, turning to sand in his mouth. Idly plucked sounds from the violin put his teeth on edge, a sensation like single hairs being tweezered from his scalp.
“You didn’t buy a box of the tonic, I assume?”  Sherlock asked, leaning forwards. “You’re clearly not a gin-drinker.”
“Turkish delight, tonic water, two lemons and a box of cream of tartar.” John read aloud, craning his neck to see.
(Don’t be a dick. You know he’s not
Sherlock turned his head so that he could glower from under the tangle of his wildly disordered hair. “I will fucking arrange
“Gráinne sneaked away again the next day, and the next. It was clear to her family that she had some kind of secret; and eventually she told them that she had met a man from far away, and that he wanted to hear some of the songs and stories that had been passed through the family for generations. And because they wanted to get a look at this man, my mother’s parents agreed. The stranger showed up one evening, and my mother sat next to him on a piece of driftwood next to the fire. He ate the food given to him, and drank the poitín straight from the bottle when it was offered. He was respectful and polite, and he wrote down all manner of notes in his little notebook as the stories were told. He greatly admired the gypsy songs and the fiddling. It all went unbelievably well, considering. It was made very clear to him that night, however, that he was to have nothing to do with Gráinne. She was promised to her cousin, and that was the end of it.
Sherlock glanced up at him quizzically, sliding his hands up the bed until they disappeared under the pillow, on either side of John’s head.
“Mm.” Sherlock hummed contentedly, then inhaled sharply as John slipped his hand up under the hem of his shirt. He huffed a laugh as John poked the tip of his index finger into his navel. “I think, however...”
“I wish that this was the first time we danced.” John murmured as the music died away, his hands slowly slipping down Sherlock’s sides.
“S’cide?”
“Ooooh, it’s
Sherlock cast a faintly panicked look at John, who hid his tired grin and nodded encouragingly. Sherlock still didn’t let go of John’s hand but he slowly raised an arm, stretching it out towards her. Murdy took another small step, and another; haltingly, like a half-tamed colt. Her large dark eyes were downcast and she tentatively placed her arms around Sherlock’s waist. After a moment, he wrapped his arm around her shoulders, drawing her closer as she pressed her pale face fleetingly into the front of his jacket. They separated quickly, looking fixedly in opposite directions. Sherlock cleared his throat noisily, and turned away. But not before John saw the minute tremor of his chin.
Brief, stabbing pain in his upper arm. The pressure of impatient hands, pressing against him, pushing and pushing harder. Idly, he wondered if they would sink right through his frame. His skin felt like warm plasticine, weirdly and horribly elastic. He could feel it moulding, forming deep impressions around large brutish hands.
“Because…” John moaned, and gasped as Sherlock’s cock slipped between his thighs, the tip slick and startlingly hot as it pushed up behind his balls. Sherlock tightened his arm around John’s chest and stopped grinding, just letting the motion of the train move his hips in a gentle yet persistent motion. “Because… oh, god, Sherlock. I love you. I want you inside me… just, fuck, in any way possible. I want to… I want to let you inside me. You’re in my head, have been for
After a few minutes, when their breath had steadied a little, Sherlock turned to John; his expression tinged with something that looked a lot like wonder. “That… John, that was…”
” at him. Patrick seemed to relax slightly, and allowed himself to be herded down the corridor by Katy. Before they turned the corner, John saw him stoop and whisper in Phyllis’s ear, the latter pausing to nod worriedly back at him.
Violet appeared in the doorway, resplendent in a voluminous green silk robe. “Goodness, far be it from me to judge… but it’s a little early for drinking Stoli straight from the bottle, isn’t it?”
John sighed. “Good. That’s...good. Christ. Um. Thanks, I suppose. You’re right, I wasn’t looking forward to making that trip. And I do need more than one sock.” He decided not to mention the pants or Sherlock’s destructive impulses towards his maroon jumper just yet. “I think you’ve probably fetched all the socks I own. And all my books. And possibly everything I have ever owned.”
[One minute and forty seconds]
John nodded in what he hoped was a sympathetic way. He didn’t know if she saw, though, as she seemed unable to look up at him just yet.
It took several seconds before John became aware of the fact that he was standing, open mouthed with his glass suspended in mid-air.
“As long as he comes
John hummed in response, working his tongue rapidly along the length of his hard cock; feeling Sherlock pushing down onto his fingers, trying to work them even deeper inside himself. He smelt heady, of musk and sweat and John moaned around him, feeling almost in danger of coming himself at the sensation of Sherlock like this beneath him. With a final, sharp cry Sherlock gave in, letting the wave of his climax break over him.
be your type.")
They stood that bit closer, the two of them against the world. Of course neither would say it; but it was understood that each would defend the other to the end. And it had nearly come to it, on more than one occasion.
Sherlock frowned and opened his mouth, evidently ready to brush off John’s pointless enquiry.
John stared at him. “You mean, because he left her she decided to kill him?”
Sherlock said this in such an utterly blasé tone that it made John grin a little. “So you don’t mind about the tartan carpets and Americans, then?”
“Bloody glad to hear it.” John murmured, reaching down and tweaking Sherlock’s ear.
What awaited him there left him doubled over in horror. The burnt out shell of a large black land rover lay upturned in the snow, like a monstrous dead beetle. The breeze changed direction, carrying the smell of burnt rubber, fuel and the ghastly unmistakeable stench of burnt flesh. He couldn’t bring himself to shine his torch inside. He had caught sight of one dark shape lying next to it, half-buried in the snow.
John returned to his own seat and picked up his notebook again. He clicked his biro to release the ink, which seemed to annoy Patrick slightly – he glanced at John briefly and coldly before returning his attention to Sherlock. Sherlock smiled at him warmly, and again John thought that there was some serious deducing going on inside his friend’s brain.
“She said that she was bored with it all. With our life, with working at the clinic, with...everything. With me. And god help me, I sort of knew that already. But then she told me about the baby.”
He couldn’t look into Sherlock’s eyes for more than a second or two, his face flushing. Instead he was drawn to that lush lower lip, which Sherlock had started worrying absently between his teeth.
[sorry.]
“Well, not far from here. We were supposed to meet at this point on the river about an hour ago-“
George Marmaduke smiled thinly, his light brown eyes narrowed and his gingery waxed moustache twisting. He gave the self-satisfied impression of a man about to win a game of cards.
“It was worth being shot, Sherlock.” John whispers. “It brought me back to London, to a chance meeting in the park, to that lab in Barts. But it so easily might not have happened.”
“It’s not exactly a motive for anyone to want to poison her, either.” John mused. “Oh, and then I got a call from our friend Greg with the Met, telling us that our flat was broken into!”
Somewhere around Newcastle Upon Tyne Sherlock looked up at him and blinked. John supposed that Sherlock had either a) forgotten that they were travelling together or b) forgotten that he was on a train.
Patrick squeezed her shoulder and sat next to her. She smiled at him fondly, and turned to Sherlock and Murdy who were steaming gently in the heat from the fireplace. “Bloody well done, you bunch of muppets. Although Murdy, I reckoned you had a bit more sense than Sherlock here. Chucking yourself into the river at this time of year is lunacy, even if you are saving vicars wives.”
John stared back out at the struggling masses. There must have been about forty people there now, positively rioting on the rocky hillside. He looked around for Patrick, who was still on the ground with the dark haired woman. She was on top of him now, pinning him down. She was grinning triumphantly. He rocked several times, trying to dislodge her but she had him trapped, pinned at the hips and arms. She laughed aloud and without warning buried her face in his neck. Patrick yelled, the sound almost lost in the din. John started, instinctively moving to intervene. Sherlock grabbed his arm firmly.
“Well, it’s like in that book that Murdy was reading the other day.” Rab muttered darkly, kicking the wall sulkily. “The one by Mr. Shoe.”
I won’t tell anyone.”
Sherlock peered through a window, and then tried the front door. It was locked, but Violet produced a heavy wrought iron key from her pocket. John momentarily wondered how she managed to fit anything into the pockets of the tight dress, before catching Sherlock’s scowl. He turned back to the building hastily.
“I’m so sorry.” John said slowly, his throat feeling a little thick. “Sherlock, I-“
“Oh, er-“
“Of course.” Patrick agreed at once. “I’d be delighted.”
John watched Patrick set down his book and glasses on the table, before reaching out to take Mr. Brodie’s slightly worn hand.
“Mr. Marmaduke has been placed in protective custody in the coal bunker.” Sherlock explained, as if Menzies was rather slow for not having realised this fact. “Mr. Marmaduke,
“Come along, Miss Antonelli.” Sherlock murmured, planting his hand on her shoulder and pushing her towards the landing.
John pulls back, just an inch. “You want this? God, just… please tell me that you want this Sherlock…”
“Well I know where she ended up,” Petty exclaimed. “She got given to the parish jumble sale a few weeks ago. It took me bloody ages to wipe off the bloody moustache and horns that you’d drawn on her!”
They had left the labyrinthine Old Town behind, and after driving past wide expanses of green parkland were in the Victorian suburbs of the city. The streets were wider here, lined with tall trees and covered in drifts of autumnal leaves. The buildings were changing as they moved away from the centre of the city; tall tenements were giving way to smart terraced houses and detached grey stone villas with large gardens. To their left, Arthur’s Seat and the volcanic crags towered over the east of the city. After a minute or so, the cab drew up in front of a tall grey stone wall set with an ancient and battered wooden door.
John swallowed hard when he saw the expression on Sherlock’s face. His full lips were pressed tightly together, and his eyes were tightly shut. John reached out with his left hand and covered Sherlock’s where it was gripping his wrist uncomfortably tightly, as if he were somehow clinging to a kind of lifeline.
“Murdina, you’re talking nonsense.” Reverend Duncan replied, after a long moment. His voice was harsh, and as he turned slightly towards the fireplace John caught sight of his solemn profile and ashy colour. “Look, it’s alright. Girls your age, you can’t help it. You get carried away, you end up believing the things you imagine. It’s a hormonal thing. I understand, I really do. But I assure you, you’re completely mistaken.”
“Violet. Could you go and see if she’s alright? She’s taking a long time to fetch that cup. She’ll be pleased to hear that Mycroft has left.”
“I don’t think that she will be getting the chance, do you?” Mycroft asked, with a deadly little smile. John sucked in a breath sharply. Violet stared at Mycroft with visibly rising horror.
“She’ll die there, won’t she. They’ll execute her.”
“Who’s that?” a mans voice called, from somewhere behind the bar. John peered over the bottom half of the door, but couldn’t catch sight of anyone in the gloom.
“Shut up. We are not doing anything of the kind.” Sherlock said in a revolted tone. “We are merely sharing body heat, which is an
He knew it was coming; had seen Sherlock’s mouth inching closer to him, had seen those lush lips parting wantonly as they approached his twitching cock. He still wasn’t prepared for it, though – being suddenly engulfed in the heat and wetness of his mouth, for the decisive flicking of the clever tongue. The sly fingers stroking his sac, rolling his balls gently and spreading the film of saliva that was already slipping from the base of his cock.
But Harman believed in keeping his cards close to his chest, and he never divulged anything useful enough. I think that he was worried I was going to set myself up as a rival; that I would attempt to usurp him at some point. Eventually I convinced him that I had Irish republican sympathies, that I wished to further the cause. That I wished to get in touch with the leaders of this splinter IRA group, and to help them with their cause.
Phyllis appeared at his side and nudged him gently. John smiled and handed her a glass of champagne. “Evening, Phyllis. Gosh, you look nice.”
“This is hardly going to encourage me to spend more time in bed with you in the mornings, you do realise,” Sherlock muttered grumpily.
Mycroft said nothing, merely looked at Sherlock with a careworn and slightly disappointed expression. John cleared his throat and edged forward.
“Sherlock…” he ventured, and stopped. Sherlock gave him a look that made it clear that he was unimpressed with the way the conversation was about to go. John stretched out a hand to find Sherlock’s knee and squeezed it. “You don’t have to answer this-“
(But at least he doesn’t have that look on his face any more.)
“No, of course it isn’t, Miss Jessop. Perverting the course of justice, however...” Sherlock trailed off meaningfully.
Sherlock didn’t reply, his shoulders stiff and his face immobile. John wasn’t entirely sure if he’d even heard his slightly defensive words.
“I know what being shot looks like.” Sherlock says dismissively. “I’m not interested in the mechanics.”
“What’s that?” Murdy suddenly rasped, coming to an abrupt stop. “Oh, hell. Mrs. Duncan!”
, John. We have spoken about your use of punctuation-faces before.”
to open his eyes, to read Sherlock’s expression.
Patrick’s mouth twitched a little as he allowed Violet to steer him towards the doorway.
“I didn’t hear what Sandra was saying. I heard her, sort of sniffing a bit. But she might have had a cold, she might not have been crying. I could have been wrong. But I heard Freddie...” She wrung her hands fitfully. “He told her to go away. I heard him say ‘you better shut your...erm...effing.... mouth or I’ll shut it for you. Permanently’.” She blushed again. “He didn’t actually
He was dimly aware of Sherlock sliding up the bed, and he clumsily reached out to cup his face with a trembling hand. He couldn’t speak, not yet. He could barely
He gasped audibly, and blushed hotly in the darkness. “Um. Your hands are cold.” he said lamely.
The trip back to Edinburgh and Violet’s house was blessedly uneventful. The cab had appeared within minutes in front of the shabby caravan dealership, and as it drew away from the kerb John heard sirens approaching from the other direction. Obviously, Menzies had managed to alert the local police swiftly. He was glad that they didn’t have to deal with giving statements about their grisly discovery just yet.
“No, you misunderstand me.” Sherlock said quietly. “What I mean is; whatever I do to you, I want you to do to me.”
[Oh god, what one wouldn’t give for the delicious slide of a needle into the crook of an elbow round about now. Wouldn’t have to be much. Just a taste. Would take the edge off wonderfully. He’d never know. He never noticed all those other times.]
“It’s a painting of Miss Jessop. Did that make a difference?” Sherlock asked, without looking away from the canvas.
“Actually-“
Once they had ensconced themselves on piles of cushions on the raised walkway in the conservatory, Violet lit a cigarette and exhaled the smoke with so much satisfaction that she looked almost post-coital. “Oh, John, my fabulous monster. The bliss of it! Can you hear that?”
“Might be a building. They could have taken shelter for the night.”
Sherlock looked vaguely outraged at this slur against his beloved London and opened his mouth to protest; but was distracted by the sight of Mr. Brodie and Patrick, who were carefully replacing the lifebelt on the wooden jetty nearby and winding up the attached length of rope.
“Charming.” John said, with a sigh. “I know I usually give you a hard time for assuming the police are idiots. You really do seem to have a point in this case, though.”
The photograph did not sit entirely perfectly in the gold plastic frame, the left side pressed a little closer to the glass than the right. The tall thin man who stood next to the woman was slightly off-centre; part of his arm cut off by the frame. The photograph was folded at one side, obscuring perhaps a quarter of the original print. With an effort, Sherlock made himself cut off every other resurfacing detail and concentrated with every fibre of his being on the grainy photograph.
John ignored this and shot a look at Basils flushed face. “Everything alright here?” he asked, feeling ridiculously like a teacher breaking up a schoolyard row.
John gritted his teeth as one of Sherlock’s unreasonably bony elbows collided with his hip. “Ow! Watch it. I was here first. You could go and sleep on it. It’s not like you sleep much anyway.”
“Oh, you darling gump!” she said, rummaging around in the bag with a look of relief. “I’ve been getting withdrawal symptoms. And the tonic water too; splendid.”
“Sherlock didn’t come to bed and I was a bit-“ he paused, not quite knowing how to continue. “Curious. About where he’d gotten to.” he finished weakly.
“Mm. Well sometimes you’ll forgive just about anything, if it’s someone you love.” John said vaguely, turning away to scan the bookshelves. Sherlock began rifling through one of the small drawers in the dressing table.
“Of course not.” Sherlock said cheerfully. “But I rather think being arrested on suspicion of aiding and abetting kidnapping gangsters and human traffickers would do him a world of good, don’t you?”
The bunk creaked alarmingly as Sherlock sat on the edge of it, and after a moment of feeling the hand smoothing across his chest and collarbones John sighed and opened his eyes again. Sherlock was smiling at him a little crookedly, and perhaps a little awkwardly.
“After that, I want to fellate you. Agreeable?”
“Oh.” John said blankly. “Well Mrs. Hudson’s away for the holidays, down in Cornwall. I mean, you know us: we probably didn’t leave the place all that tidy. Are you sure?”
that?!” John said weakly, feeling his face growing hotter by the moment.
“Please go and check on the progress of the satellite imagery request.” Mycroft added, taking her seat. He sat down heavily and crossed his long legs, looking into Mary’s twisted face. “Ms. Morstan, I rather think that the time for games is over. You cannot have much to gain from this performance. Where is my brother?”
Mycroft’s face hardened, and all at once it struck John what the scene must look like to him. He, Sherlock, Patrick and Violet stood in a tight little group under the spreading branches of the yew tree; Sherlock was standing close to John in his customary fashion. Not consciously touching, but so close that there was probably less than a couple of inches between their arms and the lapel of Sherlock’s coat was brushing John’s side. Mycroft had undoubtedly seen Patrick kissing Violet affectionately; and the way her hand had reached out to cover Patrick’s where it rested on her arm spoke volumes about the feeling between them. It wasn’t possessive, or even romantic. But there was support, and closeness there. Between all of them. Not being a part of that; not being welcomed in – surely that would make even an ice-man ache a little. He probably was here with the intention of checking up on Sherlock. But at the same time he had clearly travelled a long way to see his brother.
“Too right.” she sighed. “Oh well, it was always going to happen some time.”
“Save it for later, Mr. Montague.” Sherlock advised breezily. “Incidentally, you might like to have a little chat about Miss Jessop’s friendship with Mr. Garcia while you’re at it.”
Murdy and Griz sat on a fallen tree at the top of the slope, on either side of Anthea. The Antonelli girls looked tired and chilled, and in Murdy’s case on the verge of tears when John and Sherlock appeared.
John found himself staring at that hat, on some level marvelling that it was the same one she used to wear when they took walks in the park in chilly weather. Back when he thought he knew her, when he trusted in the person she appeared to be. Her face was anxious, her eyes wide. The sight of her provoked a sick, dull ache in his heart.
Evidently choosing to ignore the gasps coming from that end of the table, Sherlock clapped his hands together with every sign of enjoyment. John fought the urge to bury his face in the tablecloth.
“Oh, go on then.” John glared at him, riled. He folded his arms and met Sherlock’s gaze unwaveringly. “If I’m such an idiot, please do enlighten me.”
please. Give me a reason to shoot you. Believe me mate,
Sherlock heard a minute squeal of metal against metal that indicated that one of the support poles was beginning to shift under the force of his attack.
“John, darling!” she smiled, and kissed him on the cheek. She took the opportunity to hiss
“Get the lube,” Sherlock murmured, reaching down to stroke his own cock with a long, lovely movement that had John’s mouth suddenly flooded with saliva. He had probably intended the words to sound like an order, but they came out as more of a plea.
“Go and get Patrick a glass of wine, you inhospitable berk.” she ordered, and began to deftly carve a tray of roasted guinea fowl. “John, will you shove an extra place setting at the table?”
“I can’t bear having him in my house. He always had a right to come to Hilderbogie; it was his birthright. And that was one of the reasons I moved down to Edinburgh permanently, you see. This is my house. He’s got no business coming here. Christ, that endlessly smug, patronising git!” she glared out the window, and John felt a little heartened by this small flash of defiance. Anything was better than the cold, defeated look she had worn before. “The worst thing is, though. He’s in a position to make my life very bloody complicated, if he wants to.”
“Doesn’t matter.” she snapped impatiently, roughly grabbing it out of his pocket before beginning to scroll through the numbers. A second later she seized hold of the discarded Bakelite telephone that lay on the carpet and began dialling feverishly, her gaze intent and her fingers absolutely steady. When her call was connected Violet spoke over the person who answered at once, her tone forceful and full of steel.
“Not right now you don’t. Believe me though, you will thank me for this someday. Also, you really do need to take atmospheric conditions into account. A day like today requires extra time and preparation due to humidity levels. Right, give me an estimate. How much time has passed since total saturation?”
Somewhere on the descent into the main hall, he finally drifted away. He was almost grateful.
“And eventually, I actually did. I planned it out carefully, over a few months. I gave him every opportunity to leave me alone. But I took his life. It was the only way I could make it stop.”
After the last awful crushing blow and the final night of tears and recriminations in the house at Crouch End, John had found himself on the steps of 221b clutching a hastily packed bag and pressing the doorbell with shaking fingers. He had hoped against hope that Sherlock was there; but there was no answer despite his increasingly desperate ringing. He had left his phone behind during his hasty departure, and at 3am couldn’t quite bring himself to wake Mrs. Hudson. He sat on the doorstep and waited for a long time. He could have gone to a hotel or woken up his sister, but somehow all he wanted (all he needed) was to see Sherlock.
Inspector Menzies had managed to devour everything on his own plate, as well as several rolls from the central basket. He leant across the table towards Violet, smiling obsequiously.
“Violet teaches painting?”
they say, with those accents.”
“No, never mind that. Do you remember when she referred to Miss Argyle? She called that wretched woman ‘a dear friend’.”
“Sherrinford, surely you want someone to look after you in your old age?” (as Sherrinford unpacked the latest shipment of new cases for his lepidoptery collection. He frowned at her slightly, and returned to his specimens. In Sherrinford’s opinion, his mother had already looked after him far too much. He’d probably quite enjoy the peace of being neglected. )
“’Course.” Murdy nodded brusquely, making her way ahead of them. “I’m not the one who’s likely to fall in, though.”
daughter, she’d never even existed. He’d never been able to figure out how long Mary had been planning on letting him believe in the lie – after the birth?
Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure how much time passed as he wandered around his memories, peering through windows and around doors; listening to idle conversations and occasional arguments in the rooms of Hilderbogie house. He cobbled together scraps of information, becoming more and more irate as the wisps of information seemed to trail away as soon as he found them, smoke drifting through his grasping fingers. He couldn’t remember the last time the retrieval process had been so inefficient. Part of the problem was John. He kept appearing in corners, casting concerned looks at Sherlock and glancing at his watch. He saw him wandering across the lawns, through the open kitchen door.
With huge enjoyment, he watched Sherlock and Violet furiously polka up and down the hall; Sherlock’s feet flying and his dark kilt swinging behind him. The action caused several modest flashes of Sherlock’s pale, muscular thighs and John found it rather difficult to tear his eyes away. Violet was flushed, her light silk dress whirling in her wake. Her firmly pinned hair was already beginning to escape its pins, red curls tumbling into her freckled face. She and Sherlock held each others’ gaze, full of a kind of conspiratorial glee. The music coming from the small band on the rough stage seemed to increase in tempo by the minute, the dancers grinning and whooping breathlessly with each turn. Most of the participants seemed to know the steps flawlessly, and John watched a little enviously as Sherlock and Violet seamlessly joined a group of dancers in a complex weaving pattern.
“Golly, yes!” Phyllis said, reappearing from the kitchen next door with a tray laden with cocoa mugs. John accepted one and sat back. It hadn’t escaped his notice that Singh hadn’t added any mention of confidence in him, and he regarded the man thoughtfully out of the corner of his eye. It was evident that Patrick didn’t like him at all, which he wasn’t going to worry about. But it was certainly interesting.
“Oh don’t be melodramatic, John. She knows how to use one perfectly well.”
“Come here, you.” He said eventually, leaning forward and wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s stiff shoulders. Sherlock slowly reached around, engulfing John in his long arms and bringing his face to rest in the crook of John’s neck.
Violet and Murdy were walking a little ahead of Sherlock and John as they headed down the wooded path near the river. Murdy seemed to have calmed somewhat after obliterating Miss Argyle’s collection of twee gnomes and ceramic squirrels. Once she had pushed over the bird table, she allowed herself to be persuaded to come away; only putting up a token protest when Violet wouldn’t permit her to smash some windows for good measure. Violet was blithely chattering on about that nights ceilidh, one sharp eye on Murdy’s darkly thoughtful face as they passed through the silver birches.
Violet gave him a lukewarm smile. “I should like to point out that I didn’t kill her. Just so we’re clear. I’ve always preferred psychological torture to actual murder, it’s much less messy.”
?” John laughed, blushing. In the next picture, Sherlock was dancing with an extremely pretty dark-haired girl whom he was possibly twirling a little too forcefully by the way the hem of her dress was spinning.
“I dunno what you’re talking about.”
John’s heart-rate seemed to accelerate ridiculously fast, and he nodded. He lay back and looked up at Sherlock, who had turned his back and was throwing his shirt over the side of the bed. He watched the shifting of muscles across Sherlock’s shoulders and swallowed hard. “An experiment?”
Sherlock gulped his cup of heavily sugared coffee within seconds and beckoned for more. “So. On Friday evening, Violet’s pupils were painting in a studio in the garden.”
John stared at the parcel intently. “Ah. Traces of glue from the tape. It hasn’t been pressed back in quite the right place, has it?”
“The culprit must have nipped back and retrieved it or deleted it somehow.” Violet suggested, taking a seat next to Erskine and crossed her legs slowly. One of her buttoned, high-heeled red boots came to rest casually a mere inch from his calf. The pale young man was trying his best to stop staring, but failing miserably. “One less piece of evidence. Sensible thing to do, really, if you had the chance. Hypothetically speaking, of course.”
He stumbled closer, unable to feel his feet as he crossed the packed earth floor. The room was barely warmer than outside, although without the wind in his ears the silence was deafening. His hands were trembling as he sank to his knees, reaching out to touch the bundle next to the fireplace. His torchlight picked out the gleam of dark hair, bundled beneath a tattered black jacket. A long white hand, streaked with cinders and blood. He bit his lip hard as he pulled back the heavy hood of the garment, seeing the bone pale face underneath.
After lunch, Sherlock made for the door and declared that he was planning to go and Think. But when John shrugged and nodded, and began to help Violet and Patrick clear the dishes from the table he paused at the threshold, looking mildly affronted.
. I really only spent considerable amounts of time here after Violet arrived; I suppose that was the only time I really enjoyed the place.”
“Hmm. So do we think that she’s a potential suspect? I’m assuming she didn’t get anywhere with Sandra, if Garcia was in the picture.”
Violet didn’t seem to be in a hurry to let go, but then neither did Sherlock. John watched them, bemused. Violet came up to just below Sherlock’s shoulder. Her skin was pale and freckled, and her carefully arranged hair was coppery red and tightly curled. She was dressed in an extravagantly cut powder blue coat which brushed her shapely calves, and a pair of scarlet suede high heels. She was certainly not what he had pictured. She had dropped her handbag in her excitement, which John picked up and held awkwardly.
John nodded off again, warm under the heavy fur blanket and with the hot water bottle firmly pressed against his chest. He only awoke when Sherlock nudged him sharply, the car hesitating at the top of a steep pass. Blinking in the now bright sunlight, John leaned forward over the front seat and stared.
John suppressed a grin. He was still unsure about whether Violet’s intentions towards Patrick were merely friendly or something more lascivious; but it was endlessly amusing to watch Sherlock’s jealous reaction to someone else stealing her attention. Perhaps Violet had decided that she didn’t mind some of Patrick’s quirks quite as much as she had done before in Edinburgh. Or perhaps she was just being friendly; her usual manner towards people she genuinely liked was so casually flirtatious that it was genuinely hard to tell.
The door closed quietly behind her. “Sherlock!”
“Yes... yes, I suppose it is.” John agreed quietly, after a moment’s recollection of Sherlock sitting quietly next to him on his bedroom floor and helping him breathe. Sherlock handing him his scarf to drown out the smell of horror.
All of it, in less than a day. How was that even possible? He felt as though his whole world had been shaken, pieces swirling haphazardly in a glass bubble. And all of it had led to this moment. Staggering alone through an icy landscape, dazed and near collapse.
“Damn. Where is this church, then?” John asked, squinting helplessly. He had lost his night vision once again after their walk past the palace. Sherlock consulted his phone, evidently looking at a map.
John’s narrow grinning mouth, a smear of ketchup at the corner. John’s weary eyes, holding his gaze as they laughed. Sherlock’s restless hands on the greasy formica table top, toying with a sandwich in a plastic basket that he didn’t want but John had insisted he order. [“For gods sake, Sherlock. We’re not leaving ‘til you eat at least half of it. Don’t fucking give me that look; you need to eat. You can’t just keep going til you keel over… it was embarrassing enough when it happened at the MOD last month, remember?”]
“Yes.” Murdy said firmly, setting down her tea on the white marble hearth. She was still wrapped in Violet’s orange velvet dressing gown and her uncombed hair was drying into wild clumps around her long face. The overall effect was rather imperious and she looked determined as she regarded Sherlock, as if anticipating an argument. “Positive. I’ve been visiting their house for a couple of years to borrow books. I’d have
She slouched off into the hall, clearly disgruntled at the obvious dismissal. Reverend Duncan watched her go anxiously, waiting several seconds until the sound of a distant door closing was heard.
(Don’t fucking panic. You just saw him. You just saw him, and he’s doing fine. Think!)
When the nurse was walking away, Miss Argyle remarked, rather too loudly: “One simply doesn’t know where they get them from. You can barely understand a
After a moment or two, the officers nodded warily. Erskine wriggled slightly and offered, “But it
“We are fucking maniacs, aren’t we?” John gasped quietly. “Why the hell do we do this shit?”
John was not prepared for the next words to come out of Sherlock’s mouth, which were “Now take off your shirt.”
“I tried saying something to Philip, but he just looked through me. After his mother died, he turned into something of a ghost. He barely said a word to anyone anymore. Karl came to stay more and more frequently. It got to the point where I ran straight out of the back door when I heard his car coming up the drive. I would walk the fields and woods around the house for hours in all weathers, often without a coat. It was still preferable to being around him.
He turned to Murdy, who had been listening to this conversation with considerable interest. “Well, we might as well visit your father’s shop while we’re in town. Lead on, Miss Antonelli.”
“Mycroft!” John barked, and was gratified when the elder Holmes looked a little disconcerted. “Kindly tell me what the fuck you are talking about this minute. And do not for
“Haven’t a clue. Gave us a rather rude awakening too, just a minute ago.”
Violet fished around in the pocket of her dressing gown for her cigarette case and handed it over, before getting to her feet. “I’ll make you a hot toddy, it’ll help you warm up at bit. Hang on.”
“Okay, okay. It’s
By the time Violet had slid back the heavy iron bolt to the larder and removed the chair from beneath the handle, Mary had taken several paces back into the small dark room. She was half in shadow, standing in an attitude that could almost be mistaken as nonchalant and relaxed. Only the faint creases in her forehead and her curled fists belied her tension. Violet stood well back from the door, taking a long look at Mary. She didn’t point her gun at the woman in the larder, but she made sure that it was visible at her side.
She cast one last disdainful glance at the man on the ground who was now stirring feebly.
. He froze, his heart pounding. Sherlock was flushed and his hair stuck messily to his forehead. His eyes were tight shut and he was biting his lower lip savagely when his hips jerked and he collapsed onto John who felt that he could nearly weep in relief. He felt dampness seeping through his pajamas, slicking his cock further as he kissed Sherlock’s face and shoulders, anywhere he could reach.
And as it turned out, it was strange and sensual and maddening and clumsy and messy and… perfect.
in it.” he stopped, as if suddenly struck by a serious and sobering thought. “But it can't be
like the kilt.”
“Don’t stray from the issue, John.” Sherlock said airily. “Besides it’s only three femurs, that’s hardly any at all.”
“Narek, take care of it.”
, you. I couldn’t see your face, but it was-“ John broke off, and glared at the ceiling. (Oh, clever. Well done, Watson. Just because all the blood has left your brain, it does not excuse that kind of slip up!)
“Home made tablet, pot of blackberry jam, bottle of whisky, a jumper for you, book for me, and a letter saying she’s about to leave for Italy for a month but will see us at Hilderbogie for Hogmanay.” Sherlock said, scanning a sheet of thick creamy writing paper covered in Violet’s lazy copperplate. “Apparently it’s white truffle season, which she never misses. Says she’s going to do some painting and work on her freckle collection. Sends her
“Well yes, but I don’t really want to shoot anyone right now! Do you want to get arrested for murder in this godforsaken part of Glasgow? Can you get us inside that gate?”
As Hilary made her way out the front door, she almost collided with Mycroft. He looked affronted, and ducked as she narrowly avoided hitting him with her easel. Hilary didn’t attempt to apologise, blindly shoving her way past him and towards the taxi that awaited her at the garden door.
“So long, lads. Good luck.”
“Indeed. I spoke to the director of the museum this morning, incidentally.” Mycroft murmured. “He told me of how you came to work there.
The sensation was so strange that he wasn’t even sure if he
didn’t,” he added, giving Sherlock a hard stare.
“Isn’t it obvious?” Sherlock asked, seeming honestly perplexed. “Sandra had already exacted her revenge on Freddie. But she still wanted to punish Mr Montague and Miss Jessop.”
“You will not say a
Anthea didn’t look entirely convinced by this plan, but turned back towards the car at once. “One moment, please.”
“I am
It didn’t make it any less amusing, though.
Neither of them bothered asking for names; they were irrelevant. Sherlock was all too aware of her stance; the man on the ground had been the immediate threat but this girl was nowhere near trusting him. He didn’t blame her in the slightest.
“If you don’t, I shall tell them about the real reason you didn’t attend Aunt Millicent’s funeral-“
Just as they were rounding a corner onto a weedy tennis court, John was awakened from his dreamy musings by the sharp crack of gunfire. Sherlock’s arm flew out instantly, blocking John’s path onto the court. He peered interestedly around the hedge and called “Miss Boorman! May we approach?”
Sherlock studied her pinched face for a long moment, then sighed. “Oh, alright. If you insist.”
“Not if you tell us the whole story about Mr. Garcia.” Sherlock said simply, his face expectant.
He seemed even more surprised when John wrapped his arms around him, the second the door closed behind them. After a moment he slowly pressed John up against the wall, kissing him back fiercely.
The woman smiled at John again, in a conspiratorial and slightly embarrassed fashion; before glancing at Sherlock. At first, John thought that perhaps she might be flirting; and he hastily directed his gaze back down at the pages of his book. He then realised that Sherlock’s stockinged feet had somehow ended up pressed into the side of his thigh, his long toes kneading absently at John’s hip. When John looked over at the detective he was gnawing moodily at his thumbnail while viciously hitting the delete button on his laptop; no doubt deleting asinine comments on his blog.
“It doesn’t sound like anything was taken, they just made a bit of a mess.” John glared down at his phone. “I suppose it could have just been opportunistic. Loads of people go away over the holidays and leave empty flats. Might have just been some bored kids.”
Sherlock stopped and looked up, mildly inquisitive. “Mm? Do you know the interesting thing about Sandra’s room, John? No traces of opium at all in there. I can’t get a single whiff of it anywhere! Not even on her pillow, where one would expect her to have exhaled-”
“Rather like being in a cabinet of curiosities, isn’t it?” Sherlock asked, scanning the room and examining the butterflies more closely. “I recognise a lot of the furniture from the house in Aberdeenshire. Uncle Sherry was a keen lepidopterist. He travelled all over the world to collect some of these, in his younger days.”
“Next time, then…” John promised, contenting himself with blowing gently on the slick hole and watching Sherlock shudder. “Think you’re ready for another?”
Sherlock nodded and hummed thoughtfully. “And Mr. Mackie?”
(Stop fucking procrastinating. Go and find him. And if Mary’s with him, damn well tell her to fuck off and talk to you when you’re back in London.)
They exchanged a long, wordless glance. Narek made another feeble swipe with his knife but his heart was clearly no longer in it.
Hilary continued to stare at Sherlock, her eyes like ice. When she spoke it was in her usual refined low tones, but with an edge of real bitterness. “Is there a point to all this? Or do you merely wish to... to humiliate me, Mr. Holmes? I wasn’t aware that.... social mobility. Is a criminal act.”
“Yes, tremendously clever stuff.” Basil agreed, pleasantly. “Goodness, the scrapes that you two get in to! I must say, though, you’re welcome to it.”
Murdy stared at him in outrage. “I’m not a bloody
She suddenly turned to face John and Sherlock, who had caught up with her. “Look, it’ll only take one minute. You two get the door open and I’ll be right behind you.”
With a poor grace, Narek started walking again; glancing moodily down the staircase before beginning his descent into the great hall below. Sherlock exhaled heavily, feeling weak with relief; the thump must have been Patrick hitting the floor after being knocked out. The blade that Narek was still carrying had caught the light from a nearby window, sharp and blessedly clean. He craned his head as they passed the doorway, catching sight of Patrick stirring slowly on the carpet, surrounded by the remains of a broken lamp. Sherlock couldn’t see his face from this angle, but spied Patrick’s feet sliding along the floor, his body turning as he began to struggle to his feet.
“You’re exhausted and whatever they gave you is still washing around in your system, love. You’re clearly dehydrated and I doubt you’ve eaten anything, either-“
[Not exactly important right now, love.] John’s voice told him drily, with a tinge of fondness.
“Mmph. You’re
“Shut up. So anyway, at this juncture Victor made an entrance. He had heard the wretched animal making a fuss from down the hall and came back to shut it up. Unfortunately, I had landed on the hem of one of the curtains and when I stood up I managed to dislodge the curtain pole which hit me rather smartly on the top of the head.”
_____________________________________________________________________
“What do you mean?” he asked tightly, letting his hand drop from Sherlock’s shoulder. “What is there to understand?”
“Hey, you two!” she called hoarsely, and John realised that it was the first time he had actually ever heard the girl say anything. He and Sherlock had only ever seen her in the distance or surrounded by the babel of her sisters. Griz approached them swiftly, the large piebald horse she rode was sweating and steaming slightly in the cold air. As she got closer, Sherlock sidled slightly behind John; his deep mistrust of horses making itself subtly known. John squashed a smile and looked up at Griz, who seemed a little agitated now that he looked at her serious, freckled face. She swung herself out of the saddle easily, her feet meeting the ground firm and sure.
“Chin up, you git! Patrick helped me make your honey cake this afternoon, as promised. With lavender
” Mrs. Hudson said loudly, drowning out his words and making him frown. “I expect you’d like a nice central spot in Westminster, wouldn’t you?”
“Better.” John reached for the nearby biscuit tin and took four custard creams. “Still sleeping, but I reckon he’s alright. Need to get some food and fluids into him. But it’s easier to sleep off the last of the effects of the drugs while he can.”
“But she married Sherry! She was legally part of your family-“
He and Sherlock had spent the last two days tracking down a kidnapped teacher, who had been bundled into a van after school by three disgruntled ex-pupils. Although the kidnappers were motivated by the poor marks they received in their GCSEs, they had proved to be rather talented at practical subjects such as subterfuge, dissimulation and mild torture. It had taken longer than either John or Sherlock had anticipated before they found the unfortunate Mr. Travers handcuffed to a radiator in a derelict building.
box?!” Sherlock said sharply, sitting up straight.
Violet waited patiently, watching the traces of some internal struggle cross Sherlock’s austere features.
He delivered this startling little speech in a rather blasé style, without looking up from his untouched plate. George stared between John’s furiously blushing face and Sherlock’s bored one with something akin to revulsion.
“I’ve received some information about your visitor yesterday.” Anthea remarked, ignoring Sherlock and turning to John. He blinked and frowned, stomach tightening as he realised whom she was referring to. It couldn’t really have only been yesterday, could it? He felt Sherlock’s hand coming to rest on his knee under the table. He swallowed hard, feeling an echo of fury and nausea.
“Not to you, perhaps. She’s worked on that accent. It’s a thing of beauty. And the stammer helps her out, as well. It limits the length and pattern of her sentences.”
Murdy got to it first. He felt almost lightheaded with relief as she appeared from behind Sherlock and hooked her arm through the lifebelt. She was grimacing and breathing heavily as she trod water; kicking heavily back towards Sherlock and Mrs. Duncan and pushing the rope into Sherlock’s hand. Once John was sure that both Murdy and Sherlock had a decent hold on the lifebelt, he began to haul; the weight of their bodies and the pull of the current making the task seem almost impossible. His hands were numb with the cold and his biceps ached with the effort, but he slowly began to make headway; sheer adrenaline giving him welcome reserves of strength. He didn’t dare take his eyes off
“Well if you don’t stay up too late, maybe I will!” John retorted, attempting to suppress a grin.
idiot, though.” Sherlock said, finally unknotting his hands and engulfing John in his arms.
Violet quietly resolved to find out where Mr. Trevor’s yacht was berthed and to pay a visit armed with a drill.
“To do many of the usual things that teenage boys do! And how you hated that, didn’t you? You saw me with a friend, enjoying myself. Somebody whose opinions mattered to me more than yours did. Christ, you must have been
“Perhaps I should go and explain the situation to dear Violet-“ Mycroft said, getting to his feet.
“Whoever the hell you are, come out of there!” Violet said, still holding the pan at the ready. John felt Sherlock coming up behind him, peering over his shoulder. He felt, rather than heard, the hiss of annoyance he made at the sight of the man coming out of the pantry.
them.”
“Take a look.” Sherlock said darkly, mutinously crunching at a biscuit. John took the tin away firmly. “I simply do not know how that man even ties his shoelaces in the morning, never mind passing the exams for the police force.
John forced himself to subside into silence, taking several long deep breaths. He could feel himself shaking. He sensed a precipice here, both of them balancing on a knife edge.
take sugar any more?”
Violet pulled a face. “Not about that. But apparently the local rozzers have caught wind of the fact that Sherlock Holmes is in town and Inspector Menzies is none too pleased about it. He will be descending like the wrath of god later this morning, I have no doubt. He’ll read the riot act to us all.”
“Move.” Sherlock said again, his hand covering John’s own where it rested on his waist. John fell silent, not entirely sure what he had been about to say.
“Your uncle and I had an arrangement, Mycroft. Before we got married, we made things very clear. I’ve got a bloody bit of paper with the details on it; we damn well
“No coverage.”
“She doesn’t like real squirrels, you see.” Murdy remarked wryly. “They come and eat the birdseed. So she got Dalziell to squirrel-proof the table. It was much more entertaining when she used to hang out the windows and shriek at them, though. You could hear her from right across the village.”
Menzies cleared his throat again. “It’s... a possibility. We certainly need to talk to the young man, anyway. I’ve been in touch with the Department of Transport, and the van that Garcia was driving certainly didn’t take any of the usual toll roads down south. He was flagged for speeding, though – that much we know. On the M8, on Wednesday afternoon last week.”
“So, you saw the mud on the box, right?” Murdy asked, as soon as the door of the grocery slammed shut behind them. “There was a bit that hadn’t washed off the base and on one of the corners?”
in his ear, one hand on John’s right cheek. His breath was hot on John’s neck.
me some time. It’ll probably hurt like hell but my god, I
“Nobody despises you.” Violet glared at him, nudging him sharply with her knee. “Don’t be a twit. Nobody could. You’re a fucking treasure, Patrick; and don’t let anyone tell you otherwise.”
“Yes, I can.” John interjected. “I asked her after you left earlier today, and she told me all about it. And it was a bloody horrible story. It really shocked me. But it was a long time ago, and she was really young. We all made some stupid, wrong choices in our youths.
_____________________________________________
“I know, you daft git. It was sort of, um, nice of you. Patrick obviously needs a spot of cheering up.”
Sandra’s bedroom was a little smaller than the one that they shared, with pale pink walls and a high narrow mahogany bed. There were several paintings of Scottish landscapes hung around the room, and a large ornately gilded mirror above the fireplace. Sandra had tacked several photographs, magazine cuttings and postcards onto the silk-covered walls, which John doubted Violet was all that happy about. The room was quite messy, with several items of clothes and underwear strewn about the carpet and armchair. The bed was unmade, and the dressing table was cluttered with make-up, hairbrushes, bottles of perfume and various cosmetics.
an interesting life, John.”
Hilary was very still. She stared hard at Sherlock, and John noticed that her lower lip had stopped trembling instantly. Her hands were still neatly folded on her lap, but the delicate knuckles were almost white with tension.
colour.”
He shifted and nudged one knee between John’s thighs, and after a moment John hitched his leg over Sherlock’s hip. Sherlock hissed “
“What’s going on?” she asked interestedly, hoisting her feet onto the edge of her chair and hugging her bony knees. “Who’ve you got locked up?”
“I don’t like squid. I find them unsettling.” Sherlock said calmly. “Their eyes are entirely too big and they have far too many tentacles. Octopi have eight; what on earth do squid get up to that requires an extra pair? Sinister, I call it.”
“We could be solving third world debt. We could be inventing a perpetual motion device.”
Katy snorted, and took a sip of her wine. “Quite.”
[Which begs the question: what kind of punishment will they have in mind?]
“So, Miss Antonelli,” Sherlock inquired, his voice still a little husky. “Conclusions?”
[Blanket’s quite absorbent. Useful.][Lambswool, hand-woven. Vegetable-based dye; deep red probably derived from lichen. Pattern of wear suggests age of approximately forty-three years. Scent of lanolin. Wood-smoke. Dove brand soap. John Watson’s skin.]
John attempted to quell his annoyance and thought. Katy was obviously frighteningly competent and efficient. Her handwriting was neat and regular, in clear blue ink in the notes she had handed him. Her short dark hair was perfectly styled. Her large glasses and clothes were discreetly expensive and stylish. Her shoes were immaculately polished. No, she really didn’t seem the type to collect china rabbits, but there was no accounting for taste.
In the end, it was twelve seconds before the fire reached the fuel line. Sherlock had already limped thirty feet in his freezing bare feet; a bundle of green wool clutched tight between his unsteady fingers.
“Shut your face, George.” He said tersely. “Shut up NOW.”
Sherlock nodded wordlessly, before abruptly making a wide circle around another small pond and heading back up the treacherously icy path towards the house. Smoke was drifting idly from several chimneys, spiralling through the clear air. Already, more snow clouds were gathering over the distant hills and the ever-present crows were huddling gloomily in the branches of skeletal trees. John stared at his dark silhouette for a moment, before sighing and following him slowly down the path.
“Oh, and one more thing-“ Sherlock paused on the threshold, one foot in the snow outside, He seemed to remember something. “I’d consider buying some slightly heavier curtains if I were you….”
“We got on well after Felicia died. Robert and I never spent all that much time together before then. I don’t think she would have liked us getting all that chummy. She twigged early on that I had a bit of a past, even though she never knew the details. She was sharp as tacks, that woman. I think in another life we could have been friends; but she never trusted me enough for that. Robert was a clever one, too; but in a gentler sort of way. He’d gotten so lonely in the last years of his life. He’d become less and less mobile and wasn’t able to get around without help. And losing Sherry was so terrible for him; apart from a few years when Sherry was younger they’d always lived together. I think we were both a bit starved for company in the end. I used to read to him in the evenings. Bloody Thackeray, but Robert loved him so much I put up with it. He was a demon at backgammon; I only managed to beat him one game out of five. He was a fucking
Violet crossed to a small filing cabinet and extracted a cardboard folder from the top drawer. She opened it slowly on the scarred leather surface of her desk, allowing Sherlock and John to get a good look at the pictures. She didn’t say anything, just stood back slightly to allow them a better view. Out of the corner of his eye John noticed her hand being briefly engulfed in Sherlock’s larger one.
John’s hand stilled on the handle, watching his fingers pinch white against the wood. He forced himself to stay utterly still, although every atom in his body was urging him to turn and scream at her. Even now, when she had to know that her future could only hold detention (or worse, if Mycroft had anything to do with it), she chose to mock and twist the knife as best she could.
“Oh, er- yes. Yes, it was.” Mr. Antonelli said, a little taken aback. “You’ve spoken to the doctors, then?”
Mr. Jameson, the publican. (Three pineapples, spinach and ricotta tortellini, a toothbrush and a frozen haddock.)
Something in Mycroft’s tone seemed slightly off to John, and he stared at him thoughtfully. Sherlock and Violet, laughing together. Sharing secrets. Dancing the tango. Drinking absinthe on the lawn, half naked and comfortable with each other.
“So you won’t be wanting any dinner, then?” Violet asked sweetly, crossing the kitchen with a large plate of steaming pasta and setting it in front of John. The rich, salty tang of anchovies, chili, garlic and herbs assailed his senses and his mouth instantly began to water. He picked up his fork with a grin and speared a glistening black olive. Sherlock wrinkled his nose huffily, but his eyes never left the fork as it made its way towards John’s lips.
Mycroft gave him a quelling look, making his way towards the library. “I need to speak with Violet about one or two issues, if you will excuse me.”
Patrick smiled a little condescendingly at John and detached himself from the window frame. “Fortunately, Doctor Watson, neither you or I are bound by such pedestrian attitudes. Let us appreciate our good fortune for that.”
John knew for a fact that Sherlock himself was quite fond of Wagner, but it didn’t stop the detective curling his lip and nodding darkly in agreement with Violet.
“It’s a choice that must come to us all.” Sherlock acknowledged. “Apparently you’ve been giving them unsuitable reading material?”
“What a filthy trick,” Violet said indignantly. “They clearly wanted the poor woman to go into the water.”
“You want this so much, don’t you?” Sherlock whispered breathlessly when he broke away for air.  He could only nod helplessly, feeling his muscles tense and squeeze around the knuckle buried inside of him. John nearly cried out when Sherlock slipped free entirely, then gave a deep guttural moan when two fingertips dripping with even more lube began to seek entrance. The stretch was more acute this time, he had to fight to relax but it was a delicious ache as they slipped deep inside him; rocking in and fucking him gently, persistently. Sherlock began to move again, rubbing his slick cock against John’s aching erection. The increased sensation made him cry out weakly, almost overwhelmed with the combination of friction against his heavy balls and aching cock and the insistent, tight feeling of two fingers buried to the hilt inside of him. He squirmed slightly, unsure about how to move until Sherlock awkwardly pulled his thigh back over his hip with his free hand. Sherlock continued to rock against him; his breath coming hard and fast. The new position stretched John even wider and allowed Sherlock to push even deeper, stroking and sliding against the hot slick walls of his rectum. He jerked suddenly as Sherlock changed the angle of his fingers, curling them in a slightly different direction than before.
have been an interesting trip.”
“What is it? You’re frowning, John.”
“Come in and have some tea then,” Violet said wearily. “Come on, you lot. You too, Murdy and Griz. We'll get Mr. Brodie to give you a lift home. And while you’re waiting for the telling-off of a lifetime, you can come and warm up by the fire.”
down his face."
It was probably wise to leave the room at this point, really.
“We were going to come and find you.” Murdy said, as if this was the most obvious thing in the world.
Sherlock continued to regard his brother with the utmost revulsion and something approaching despair. “Christ, Mycroft. After all this time….” he shook his head distractedly.
“I think he gave them quite a lot of money, so that they would let me go without a fuss. He barely spoke to me at all, and didn’t seem remotely pleased to see me. I was too scared to say anything to him at all; I’d hardly ever seen a man before, apart from the priest who came to say mass in the chapel on Sundays. I was given ten minutes to pack my things and a pillow case to put them in. I overheard Sister Dorothy telling him that I required a lot of discipline before I went back into the office. That my mother’s blood was the reason I needed a firm hand.
“Sherlock Holmes!” Mr. Brodie said, his slightly weather-beaten face creasing into a smile. “By god, it’s been a long time, laddie!” He wrapped both his hands around Sherlock’s own and pumped it enthusiastically; his dark eyes kind and alive with good humour.
“Will that still be reliable, after all this time?” he asked curiously, as Sherlock dipped it in the liquid.
“Don’t do that.” [The Alsatian. Schneider] He spoke in a quiet, monosyllabic tone from the direction of the drivers seat.
[What will this do to you? What could he have meant to you?]
Home.
Violet was curled up on the other end of the sofa, with Benjy heavily asleep on her lap. She had discarded the Times crossword after only a couple of minutes frustration of Sherlock guessing the answers to the clues before she had read them out, and ducked to light one of her black and gold cigarettes. She looked a little tired, John thought, but immensely content in her surroundings. When her gaze fell on him she wrinkled her nose affectionately, taking in how his fingers had somehow ended up carded through Sherlock’s hair.
Food gets made; one eats it and then it’s gone! It’s an intrinsically pointless exercise, as one is merely left with sluggish thought processes and no lasting evidence of one’s labours!”
“She’s been extradited to Yemen.” Anthea told him calmly. “She attempted to abscond custody and rather seriously injured one of my colleagues in the process. I rather think it was the last straw. She left British soil about an hour ago.”
the one who got the prize.”
http://fandomtrumpshateofferings.tumblr.com/tagged/snorklepie
“Hello again, Mr. Holmes; Doctor Watson. Murdy; you’d better get in here and help Pheemy out with the books. She’s been crying on the ledgers again and Dad won’t be happy if they get all smudgy.”
(If only Patrick had just been picking up blokes in dark alleys for a fumble. But no, the blighter had to be doing something
) identical socks to add to his luggage.
John opened his mouth to protest, but was interrupted by the loud ding of Anthea hanging up the telephone receiver on the wall. She turned around. He looked up enquiringly, but as usual her perfectly composed face gave nothing away.
“God in heaven, Sherlock. Nobody in their right mind surely wants to see the room of a teenage boy. I mean, I’ve seen yours and I still bear the emotional scars.”
He watched as Sherlock’s face rearranged itself into an angry crunched up grimace. “And
Violet’s room was rather disconcerting; stepping into it made John feel as though he had somehow wandered inside a fabergé egg or an overfilled jewellery box. The walls were painted a deep cerulean blue, but were almost obscured by a vast number of paintings, shelves containing huge quantities of books, brightly coloured gilded icons, and any number of odd and beautiful glittering things. A large glass bell-jar was filled with several tiny stuffed hummingbirds perched on the branches of a jewelled golden tree. The bed was ancient carved wood, hung with heavily embroidered and mirrored Indian silk. It was a large, long room with several tall windows that overlooked the topiary in the front garden, and Violet was curled up on one of the window seats. She was still wearing her messy painting clothes and a large panel of needlework was lying discarded in her lap.
When Mycroft and Violet finally arrived, gracelessly towed up the slope, the group was able to resume their journey back to the house. Anthea slid behind the wheel of the battered old farm jeep they had abandoned at the top of the slope, leaving the rest of the group to sort out where they would sit. John and Sherlock ended up in the front, leaving Mycroft and Violet uncomfortably crammed into the back along with the Antonelli girls. Violet caught John’s eye in the rearview mirror, grimacing as she scooted across the worn old seat; positively scrambling to put Murdy in between herself and Mycroft. Mycroft barely seemed to notice. He gave Anthea a terse instruction to get back onto the road as quickly as possible.
“Do you know, Miss Jessop, you have a particularly lovely accent. Really quite remarkable RP. Most people would never guess that you were a Glaswegian by birth.” Sherlock said kindly. “Not that there’s anything wrong with the Glaswegian accent, of course. Full of, er,
They walked on in silence, as the rain lessened and the light grew brighter and greener;  filtering through the chestnut leaves.
[Oh for gods sake, who let you in here?]
“I know you want to get back to London-” John said hesitantly.
Mr. Mackie was easily found, as he was busily sweeping the path that led to the stone arch of the austere church. Large banks of snow had been pushed up on either side of the granite slabs, and it looked as if several of the nearby gravestones were in danger of disappearing entirely under the swept snow. Mackie was a tall, gaunt man dressed in several heavy layers of aged tweed and leather to keep out the sharp cold. His face was deeply lined and permanently ruddy from decades of outdoor work and an impressive set of jug-ears gave him the look of a cheerful old ape. He paused in his sweeping and watched them walk through the kissing-gate that led into the yard, tipping his flat cap further back on his head.
“Wish I’d brought something rather stronger. But we did leave in a hell of a rush.” she remarked, pushing the thermos back into her bag and rummaging around for something else in it. “I know the tea’s vile but we all need some sugar. Have a Digestive while you’re at it.”
Mr. Mackie beamed at him, holding out his large gnarled hands which were indeed rather scarred. “Not bad, laddie. The worst of these are from hooks, fair enough.”
John slipped his hand back down, across the softer skin of Sherlock’s stomach and wrapped his fingers around the prominent erection below, squeezing him firmly only once before letting go.
Murdy turned and peered out of one of the small narrow windows on either side of the front door; wordlessly taking in the heavy drifts that were piling up on the sills. John’s mouth went dry; it simply hadn’t occurred to him that the snow would affect flying conditions for the helicopters. He knew, of course, the dangers of flying in reduced visibility.
.” Violet said firmly and got to her feet, brushing a few crumbs off her dress. “Come on, Sherlock. Step away from that biscuit tin! Let’s go find you some tonic water.” She paused, and turned to wave a threatening finger in Sherlock’s impatient face. “And you’re to bloody well
Murdy continued to stare steadily at Sherlock. She didn’t seem to mind the deduction; if anything she seemed calmer than she had done before he started talking. She ran her fingertips over the black button on the pocket, stroking it with her thumb.
Murdy didn’t reply, but her carefully nonchalant expression faltered as she looked up into his face. Her expression suddenly became wooden and watchful. John edged closer to the doorway at once.
” Violet muttered, her fingers methodically working at the nape of Sherlock’s neck. “I really do think you should get this cut though, you pestilential louse. I’m all for the Romantic poet look, but frankly a bird could nest in here. And your split ends are appalling.”
Sherlock was listening intently at the door, peering down the hall. “He’s in the kitchen now. I can hear the kettle boiling.”
“Oh, um.” John frowned slightly, recalling the events of the day before. “It wasn’t what you might call a traditional sort of Christmas, but we liked it.” He remembered how Sherlock had looked falling asleep the night before, and felt his mouth suddenly curve into a much more natural smile. Patrick raised an eyebrow, but evidently chose not to pursue that particular line of enquiry.
There was a sudden scraping noise from inside the depths of the pantry. A quiet metallic clang.
He reached out under the table and touched Sherlock’s knee, but Sherlock didn’t look up from his bowl. “So, er – the hospital. When do you think visiting hours are?”
Whatever Sherlock occasionally claimed, John wasn’t an idiot. He knew that he mattered to the detective, mattered to him deeply. He knew that Sherlock wouldn’t do this with just anyone; wouldn’t be content to show his vulnerability or share his secrets. And that mattered, so much.
“That landscape he’s been working on…” John trailed off. “The one of the grounds outside. It’s… fairly bleak.”
“Sherlock, you need to calm down,” he said quietly, forcing his own anger back down. “You need to calm down and we’ll talk this through. I think there’s a few things we need to hash out here-“
, Miss Jessop!” Sherlock groaned. “Do spare us the theatrics. You know exactly why Sandra would ask Basil for money. You know perfectly well that she and Basil were having an affair.”
snorklepie.tumblr.com
mistaken, John.”
to do with that. It was his own decision to start drinking even more, afterwards.”
“Oh really. You just assaulted a woman by accident, then?” John asked quietly, bending over George and staring into his wide eyes.
“Shocking.” Sherlock agreed solemnly, although John could have sworn that he saw the corner of his mouth twitch. “Dreadful.”
He slipped several times on hidden patches of ice, striking his right elbow so hard on the ground so hard it briefly made him see stars. After several agonising seconds he was able to move it again. He barely stopped, refusing to let anything else impede their progress. He kept reminding himself that every step he took was another one closer to Sherlock; to whatever might be awaiting them at the base of the slope.
Sherlock bit his lower lip and frowned a little as he read John’s face, surely noting every minute fleeting expression.
“But you see, he didn’t seem to
Patrick looked down at George, shaking his head regretfully. “I hope he hasn’t managed to cause too much havoc. He can be something of an agent provocateur, particularly when he gets like this.”
Their slow footsteps echoed through the corridors, long shadows stretching across the stone floors. The door to Patrick’s bedroom was tight shut, and John didn’t like to think about the stained carpet that must still be on the other side.
John made his way up an overgrown iron spiral staircase and ambled along the narrow railed platform to where Violet sat. She was comfortably settled in a nest of mildewed cushions, a copy of French Vogue open on her lap and a bottle of champagne open in a bucket of largely melted ice.
John wasn’t sure how long they slept, but when he awoke the fire had burnt low and the room was nearly dark. Sherlock slept on at his side, breathing slow and deep with his cheek pressed against John’s shoulder. There was still some faint light visible through the windows, which meant it was probably mid afternoon. Despite his inclination to let sleep take him again, his body had other priorities. Gingerly he disentangled himself from Sherlock, after pressing a kiss to his tousled head. His hair smelt strange, acrid and smoky from the crash and from sitting next to the wood fire in the remote bothy.
“Sherlock, Murdy – coats and shoes over there.” he ordered, pointing in the direction of the discarded pile. “Wrap up as best you can. Don’t take off any more layers ‘til we’re back at the house.”
Sherlock suddenly felt crushingly, horribly tired. His head wheeled and ached, his stomach seething with nausea. For a moment he was almost tempted just to sink where he was, to await his fate with Narek.
He was almost out of earshot, on his way down the corridor when he heard her say: “So, Mister Lestrade… how are you at chopping onions?”
“How does everyone feel about porridge?” Violet asked, reaching for a large pan on the dresser. “I am positively
“Let’s leave them to it.” John murmured, pulling the door closed. “Come on, Murdy. Almost getting stabbed always leaves me pretty peckish, how about you?”
“Only briefly. I mainly wanted to make sure he left, and preferably without the contents of the silver cabinet under his arm. Violet is terribly well meaning; she really wanted to help him develop his talent further. But he was a bad egg, that man. He took advantage. I’m quite sure he owed money to almost everyone in the house by the time he left. He made a big show of being a starving artist, of being some kind of misunderstood genius. But he was a rotten sponge. A bill arrived shortly after he left for art supplies he had bought on Violet’s account, you know. The sheer
In his mind, John’s eyes narrowed and his jaw clenched ominously. [You’d know. You would. So shut it. I’m coming for you.]
. Sherlock grinned down at him, triumphant, and kissed him deeply. John could taste and feel the slick, slightly metallic remains of his come on Sherlock’s tongue, and he surprised himself by lapping greedily into Sherlock’s hot mouth. Sharing the taste, the evidence of his desire.
, John…” Sherlock whispered, with a faint groan as John sucked just a little harder. “I won’t last, at this rate.”
“We’re trying to help sort out what happened over at the Antonelli’s shop before Christmas.” John said hastily, trying to break the suddenly heavy atmosphere. “We’re consulting detectives, you see; and Violet Vernet told us about the incident. She asked us if we’d try and get to the bottom of things.”
“Well, yes. I think everyone is clear on that.” John said, after a pause during which he wondered whether Menzies was winding him up and then deciding against it. “I was wondering if we could maybe take a look at the report, as well as Garcia’s when it’s done?”
that being done to them). The expression on her pretty face was disturbing, pained and animalistic. Sherlock swiped through several more photographs of paintings, each more ugly than the last. Some featured other figures, but Sandra was always the central figure; only her face was clearly identifiable. In each picture, she seemed both suffering and angry, and utterly humiliated.
“Sherlock!” he panted, jogging the last few metres.
“I couldn’t quite face throwing the painting away so I stuck it in with these. Silly, really – there was nothing to be done with it. But I’d liked it so much...” she trailed off. Sherlock studied it intently, taking it from her and turning to the window to see it in brighter light. John came and stood next to him, absurdly aware of his upper arm in contact with Sherlock’s. It took him a minute to gather his thoughts sufficiently to look at the painting with his full attention.
“This is the man who has the personal motto of
Dalziell’s face went curiously blank. “I haven’t the faintest idea what you’re talking about, Mister Holmes.” he said, coldly. “And this is hardly the time for jokes. Come along, Reverend. I think we’d better get you along to the station sharpish.”
“She’s pleased that I’m here so I can sort out this mess. Which I will, it’s the least I can do for her. But that won’t change what I did, John.”
[Shit. Shit.
“Aha! Is that a Watson I hear?” he heard her call, her tone considerably more welcoming.
The snow seemed to have stopped for a while, and the vast emptiness before him gave Sherlock a strange, sick pang. Stars were visible overhead in places, the sky a great upturned bowl filled with pinpricks of silver light. They were far too bright and clear, no distant glow of streetlights or traffic to distort their gleam. Not a single trace of humanity, as far as the eye could see.
“Isn’t it obvious? Sandra Garner killed him.” Sherlock said. “The cuts under the base of her little finger, they resulted from her grasping his hair and holding him still while she administered the nitric acid. He struggled, and the hair sliced into her hand; much like a piano wire. Human hair has a remarkable tensile strength. Nobody can account for her whereabouts on Thursday, the day it’s likely he was killed. And even without me showing you what I found in the caravan, you must admit she had the most motive.”
.” Sherlock waved a dismissive hand at him and disappeared through the doorway abruptly. He seemed reasonably steady on his feet, so John decided to leave him to it.
“I know that you mind what people think, sometimes. But I like this. And I know that you miss company in bed. If you want to keep doing this I won’t tell anyone.”
Sherlock reached out one unsteady hand and stroked the length of John’s thigh, his eyes never leaving the darkly flushed cock pushing through John’s fist. After a moment he slowly, clumsily brushed the tips of his fingers across John’s aching balls.
“Look, I know you want to help-“ John said distractedly, pressing his palms against his eyes and willing himself not to lose his temper.
“I-“ he attempted, the single syllable emerging and dying.
on the table and grinned. “Decided to take Murdy on as an apprentice yet?”
“Mmm, no. I don’t think that George would have enjoyed being so friendly with Sandra, and if they were smoking together that would have required sharing a pipe. That would probably be a little too chummy for him, I should think. The man is nothing if not a snob.”
"Well, there is still Phyllis.” John pointed out, leaning back against the trunk of a nearby palm tree that grew conveniently close to the platform. “Katy seems to have rather taken her under her wing.”
“You do it, then.” Sherlock said carelessly, determinedly returning to his book and catching the frayed cuff of his sleeve between his teeth. “I don’t care.”
“You’re a long way from home, Mr. Mackie,” he observed, taking off his gloves and extending his hands towards the fireplace.
“It’s not so bad. You get used to it.” John said quietly.
fault.”
“Yes, she’s fine. She had a bit of a row with George, but she’s perfectly alright.” John said, as calmly as possible. “Thanks for coming to help, but... Um. Not necessary, anymore.” he finished, a little lamely.
[I was cruel to you in so many ways. I wasn’t even aware of it most of the time. I read it in your face in the aftermath and it burnt us both. And we usually just ignored it and moved on. Did I scar you? Think I wanted to, sometimes. The night of your wedding I was so furious, so blindly incandescent with rage – not just at you but yes, a
“I’ll have to get you another pair of pajamas. Mrs Hudson wouldn’t even use these for dusters, now.” John murmured, pulling gently at the hem of Sherlock’s trousers. He winced at the deep, ragged gash in his calf and across his shin. The bleeding had clearly slowed, but still oozed darkly in places. Sherlock had tied a strip of fabric torn from his sleeve around the wound but it was soaked through and almost useless.
“I don’t think your father would approve just yet. Perhaps when you’re five.”
“Not now, you miserable baggage.” Sherlock said brusquely. He took a seat at the desk, opened one of the drawers and started rummaging around in the contents noisily. “Later, perhaps.”
“Well George went to Eton. As did I, although we were not friends and I was a year or two ahead of him. I did hear from mutual acquaintances that he had a certain… dalliance… with a young man in his final year, and news of it reached his father. I never heard the details, but he was rather severely punished when he went home for the holidays. In the aftermath of that unfortunate incident, I’ve always felt that George has always felt the need to prove that he is very much a heterosexual. Hence his rather predatory attitudes towards Hilary and Violet. It is tedious and objectionable; but then so is Mr. Marmaduke, sadly.”
came from downstairs.
“Mm. I’ll be sure tell her to sweep for bugs after you leave.” John said coolly. “Not that I think you put much faith in my convictions, but I reckon she’s rather good for him really.”
“Thanks, Margie. Grab a seat, everyone.” she called, making her way to her customary chair near the centre of the long table. John was grateful once again for the relaxed atmosphere in Violet’s house – the surroundings may have been formal but there was no question of a seating pattern or alternating the sexes. Sherlock stuck close by his side and surprised him by pulling out the heavy carved cherry wood chair next to Violet for him.
“So the box was probably used to carry items for a jumble sale.” John interjected. “The question is, who brought it?”
“Perhaps.” Violet grinned, taking her own seat and picking up her fork. “He had some
“Finish that sentence at your peril, Sherlock.” John glared, tearing off his checked shirt before working impatiently at the buttons of his jeans. Sherlock shrugged disappointedly, slowly slipping his dark wool trousers down the length of his pale muscled thighs.
“How’s the detecting going, Mister Holmes?” Pruny asked, tucking her slightly grubby bare feet up onto the chair beneath her, swallowing a last mouthful of jam-laden toast. She put down her well-thumbed copy of Suetonius’
“Well perhaps that’ll make you think a bit harder about being nicer to people in future.” Phyllis said brightly, her cheeks pink and eyes shining.
Violet muttered something that sounded an awful lot like
“And yet he gets entirely the wrong end of the stick when it comes to the two of us. I mean, the rest of these goons – fair enough. It’s obvious that I’m fond of you, so they might be excused for misinterpreting that. But Mycroft Holmes? Bloody odd.”
“For pity’s sake, John.
“We’ll figure something out. Hey-“ he suddenly remembered the earlier conversation between the Holmes bothers in the library. “Hey, what about that Eulalie thing? Can we use that as leverage?”
“Take off your coat.” John said quietly.
“Patrick, it’s absolutely none of my business…” John paused, and frowned. He was curious as hell, admittedly, but…
trip to Yemen. Where the head of the security forces and the secretary of state will be awaiting you most eagerly, in light of your activities there in 2011 and 2013. Your stay there would undoubtedly be shorter; but rather more eventful than remaining in this country. I have the relevant paperwork already filled out for that option, incidentally.”
“Just… you’re in charge here, alright?” John murmured against his lips. “Tell me what you want me to do. This is all…oh, god
Curious eyes followed Sherlock and John down the ward, and one or two people downright stared when it became obvious whom they were visiting.
“And an important thing to know is that the 1970s in the west of Ireland were very different to the 1970s in Britain. You might as well think of it as the 1940s or 50s in some ways. And my mother, you see… well, I had to piece this together later. I never knew her. Her name was Gráinne. But she was a beautiful girl. Long curly black hair and huge brown eyes. I can’t really think of her as an adult at all, because I’m more than twice the age she was when she had me… Christ. But she was a traveller. Do you know what that means?”
John thought about this for a minute. “I can’t imagine him going to anyone like that. Not even Sherlock. Not his mum and dad.”
“Shut up, you asked. Dark roasted coffee, when you open a fresh bag of it for the first time. It’s never the same, even a few hours later.”
who drugged me! And held me at gunpoint. And it was your bloody brother who kidnapped me more than once…” John trailed off, catching sight of Murdy’s intrigued and bemused expression. “Look, it’s not as bad as all that.” he added weakly.
I'm including a trigger warning about discussion of a sexual situation with very dubious consent. If you'd rather skip it, it's not absolutely integral to the plot and it begins after the smuttishness concludes.
“Oh. Good.” John murmured weakly into Sherlock’s shoulder. “It was bad enough the first time. I can only imagine the horror if he knew for sure that we were. Um. Sleeping together.”
[I watched your face when you first saw him. I know you’ve been keeping that scarf in your pocket. The one he dropped in the hallway of Violet’s house in Edinburgh. Why could that be, other than sentiment? He loved you, for some reason. I daresay you never believed it, but he did.]
“And we’d need to lease more land, as well as hire more staff.” Mr. Brodie said firmly. Violet made a face at him and he smiled fondly at her in response. “Remember that year when you helped out with lambing, Sherlock?”
“So we’re here.” he said completely unnecessarily, but at rather a loss over what to say. “Ready?”
“It began on the 14th of June last year as well. Restlessness, insomnia, phantom pain.” Sherlock’s eyes are trained on the clock over the mantelpiece but he’s clearly somewhere else. “Irritability, loss of appetite-“
“Sir, according to the Met office there will be a brief break in the weather in approximately half an hour.” Anthea broke in after a few minutes, and Mycroft frowned before he glanced up. “I’m afraid that it’s not going to last long enough for the RAF to undertake a search of the area; but-“
Sherlock looked slightly mutinous. “It’s how I can guage what you’re feeling, John. I know that if we’re careful, it doesn’t have to hurt. But I think I need to experience it that way, too. It makes sense in my head…” he broke off, looking frustrated. “It’s complicated.”
“Sherlock. Look at me, come on. I’m fine. Look at me, please? Sherlock!”
Violet glanced at her watch, which lay discarded on the dressing table amidst a profusion of scent bottles and drifts of spilt powder. John suddenly realised that while she had taken the time to apply a variety of cosmetics, Violet had very carefully powdered
“I hate Scotland,” Mycroft remarked, in a calm and off-hand manner. He stood at John’s side, staring around them with a kind of weary loathing. “Ghastly place. This wouldn’t happen in Surrey.”
The light was feeble, but as he got closer the faint beam was enough for him to make out a small, ramshackle pile of stones and a sheet of corrugated iron that was pitched steeply enough for the snow to slide off it. He blinked blearily at this man-made oddity for a long moment, his breath swirling sluggishly through the air around him. The light was none other than a small, solar-powered lantern hanging from a rusting bracket attached to the half-buried stones. Stones which were, on closer inspection, actually a tumbledown wall. With a small wooden door, half-hanging off its hinges.
At this point however, the coffee pot on the stove began to hiss and bubble loudly and she looked up, blinking.
“Sandra-“
She raised a bony shoulder and shook her head briefly. “Not the kitchen. I come and borrow books now and again. I’m just good at finding stuff, is all. Mrs. Duncan’s going to be in a right state when she comes home to see this place; usually it’s so clean you could eat your tea off the floor.”
This wasn’t new to John, not really. He’d done this to a couple of his more adventurous ex-girlfriends and he certainly hadn’t minded. But there was something different in doing it to Sherlock. Perhaps it was knowing that no one had ever done this for him before, and the way his body was responding to every touch made the blood sing in John’s veins. Sherlock’s spine was undulating slowly, his long toes curling and knotting in the sheets. Once John’s tongue resumed its trail around his opening he let out a long moan that sounded almost anguished with arousal.
John slowed as they approached the high gate and stone walls of the church yard. Sherlock stopped altogether, and looked down at Murdy curiously, almost as if regarding a new and intriguing creature or puzzle. She looked rather miserable and more than a little angry. She kept on swallowing hard, incapable of saying anything more or meeting Sherlock’s eye.
, Sherlock, remember? I’m trying to draw your attention to the fact that you need to get yourself together and save yourself. Because I’m not going to be able to do it for you, not this time.”
“Come on! It’s misty tonight, we’ll risk losing him if we don’t catch up!” Sherlock hissed, pushing John impatiently down the path. “Over the grass, he might hear us on the gravel.”
She was probably washing the sweaty sheets and grubby pajamas at that very moment, with a disgusted look on her dour face. Christ. Well, if anything was going to help quell his libido, that thought certainly did the trick.
for him very often.”
“Oh! Gosh. Sorry, hello. I didn’t know there was anyone else in here. Sorry,” he grinned nervously.
“Stop interrupting, do you want to hear this or not?” Sherlock snapped. “So, I kept hearing odd noises coming through the wall, day and night. At first I thought it was some of the predictable nocturnal sneaking around that inevitably happens in these establishments, but I never saw anyone other than Victor enter or leave his room.”
“Very odd.” Sherlock agreed, frowning and looking after the two men. “Come on. Let’s see where he heads next; it’s still early.”
? Must have been round three. Blimey, that one was
“I think so. She also changed the sheets and took away our pajamas to wash.” John said ruefully, glancing at Sherlock with a faint grin. Sherlock’s expression was incredulous and (thank god) slightly amused. “When I saw her earlier, she said she’d put them on a
Petty muttered something vague about fetching some fresh milk from the fridge in the back room, and disappeared swiftly. John watched Dalziell swallow convulsively before reaching out to shake Sherlock’s hand.
Sherlock made a scornful noise, but didn’t reply.
“But how would they have gotten in?” John asked, suddenly. “You gave the police the key, and you have the spare you kept in the kitchen drawer. Neither went missing, did they?”
“Our child is a genius, John.” said Sherlock, in tones approaching horror. He looked wide-eyed at the neglected vegetables and up at John’s thunderstruck face. “She played me, and I didn’t even notice.”
“I think he’s alright, you dear old boot. We had a bit of an intense evening. Oh, God. Some things had been unsaid for far too long. I’d no idea....” she trailed off and grimaced. “But it’s alright. We’re alright, I think. We were both a bit... overwhelmed.  And knackered, and he fell asleep. I just popped down before going to bed to make sure he was alright.” She stopped and smiled wanly at John. “Like you. Oh, Christ John. I’m so glad he’s got you. Just so bloody glad of it. I’d always worried, you see. It was always in the back of my mind that he was facing the world alone.”
Sherlock humphed a bit, and toed off his shoes. “Mind you don’t.”
“Far too much dust resting in the fabric creases. Furthermore, the rip was clearly made with a sharp blade; not some careless accident. So: large pair of binoculars alongside deliberate hole in the window blinds. What do you conclude?”
“Alright.” she sighed. “Fair enough.”
But then, nobody else in the room besides he, Sherlock and Violet had any familiarity with Mycroft and his customary reserve.
“Your walk!” Violet called, and he finally caught sight of her. She was seated up on the raised wrought iron platform, some twenty feet in the air. She was leaning against the trunk of a tall palm tree and looked decidedly dishevelled, with a black cigarette dangling from her lower lip. “You manage to sound both apologetic and clumsy. It was either going to be you or Phyllis; but you still have traces of a military gait. Dead giveaway. Come up and join me, you swivel-eyed loon. What are you doing up at this hour, anyway?”
Violet carefully lifted the edge of the tattered shawl and folded it back. As expected, it was a child’s toy; a rather worn baby doll dressed in a blue gingham dress. One of its glassy eyes was stuck, and the doll seemed to wink drowsily when Violet uncovered it.
ruin the line of my suit.”
John turned the page, taking in photographs of the workers on the estate and various social events. He spied a photo of Mr. Brodie among a group of men in the stableyard, his hair dishevelled and his flannel shirt half unbuttoned. Violet wolf-whistled and grinned at the picture. “Our Mr. Brodie has always been a bit of alright, hasn’t he? No wonder Mycroft-“
“Ok?” he asked quietly, reaching under the blanket to rest his hand on Sherlock’s thigh. The muscles felt tense, almost rigid.
an intriguing shade of scarlet, you know.”
“You mean you had to psych yourself up just to kiss me?” John asked, numbly.  “Oh god, you only did it because you knew I wanted it. Oh
“It was a complete waste of my time.” Sherlock sniffed. “And it’s not as if it would have been of the slightest use to me in my chosen profession.”
“Three men, in a dark grey land rover. They’ve taken Sherlock, and headed north. I didn’t see them…” John paused, forcing himself to marshal his thoughts. “Patrick tried to tell me- he said that one of them was blonde and another was bald. He thought one was French and another was eastern European of some kind. Something about a tattoo and a dog?” he trailed off, feeling more than useless. “Shit, this is nothing. This is useless. We’ve got to get after them, Anthea!”
“No, but we just spoke with Mrs. Duncan who described symptoms consistent with atropine poisoning. Sweating, giddiness, dry mouth, loss of balance. Alkaline. Did your vision blur rapidly?”
“None of your business.” he replied evenly.
Sherlock looked at John, his gaze even. “No. No, I did not.”
“Oh, come now!” Mr. Antonelli countered, pushing his way through the throng as politely as he could and holding out a hand to her. “We’ve all seen accidents happen during the Square Eight. I’m terribly sorry about your head Miss Argyle, though. Can I help you up?”
“In a minute, you lazy git.” John said, tugging insistently until Sherlock grudgingly conceded him a meagre third of the duvet. He pressed his bare cold toes under the hems of Sherlock’s crumpled trousers and into his calves until he hissed and reluctantly nudged back one of the four pillows. “We’ve got a letter.”
“Don’t be daft, Patrick!” Violet smiled, looking charmed at the bouquet and even more so at Patrick’s faint uncertainty. “It’s lovely to see you. You’re just in time for dinner, too.”
Violet winked at him with her brown eye. He swallowed hard and tried with limited success not to blush.
“I mean it, John. How would you like it if I suddenly tried to sleep with Harry?”
“I know, love. They’re doing the best they can for him.”
“Fair point.” she conceded. “But nevertheless. I mean, I think we can agree that Patrick is seriously easy on the eye. And charming, once you get to know him. But he’s a bit odd, what with the LARPing, and the blood thing, and the fact that he secretly writes vampire robot romance novels under a pseudonym.”
“We need to get back to the house.” John said urgently, blinking away the snowflakes that had come to rest in his eyelashes. “We need to get back there right
“It’s not going to be anything good, is it?” Violet sighed, sitting back on her heels. “I mean, I’m hoping for jewellery or a tin of caviar; but if it’s something that Freddie wanted to hide, it’s not going to be
He felt slightly worried that he was about to meet another Irene Adler.
to John, and made gloomily for the doorway. “Yes, I suppose we’d better, and get it out of the way. For pity’s sake, Sherlock, you fabulous monster. Please
“Wait, what? The police couldn’t have allowed that, surely? NSY certainly wouldn’t stand for it.” John asked, surprised.
[Could do without the audience, this is undignified enough. I know their game. Just waiting till I give up and then it’s eyeball tartare for lunch. God the countryside is
(Caroline. I wanted to name her after my grandmother. And she never existed; not
“Hedda, as it turned out, was something of an ally. She was as cold as her son, but I think she realised that I was clever quite quickly. I helped in the kitchen, because at least that was something I knew how to do. I was terribly worried that they would throw me out, you see. And as anxious as I was, I didn’t want to face being alone in a foreign country. So I did my utmost to be useful. The staff didn’t want me to clean, but I was permitted in the kitchen. A lot of my early Norwegian language skills came from the shelves of cookbooks; I knew the words for ‘ladle’ and ‘chopping knife’ before I learnt ‘dog’ or ‘friend’. Hedda allowed me to use the library, and she watched me for a while as I began to read. Slowly at first, then faster and faster. I managed to read Great Expectations in Norwegian within a month of my arrival, and I didn’t really need the dictionary for much longer. That was the greatest incentive, you see – a limitless supply of books to read. I didn’t care what language they were in, I was damn well going to read them all.
Violet chose this moment to poke her head round the door, and raised an eyebrow at the sight of Murdy and Sherlock frowning intently at one another in front of the fire. “Murdy dear, feel free to tell him to get lost if he’s interrogating you. Kick him in the shins if you think it’s warranted.”
“You… you gave all of the collections back?” John asked Violet curiously, leaning towards her a little.
“Bastard.” John muttered, with feeling. Sherlock nodded grimly. “Any sign of Mycroft this morning? I’m assuming that he did
“She actually invited me for Hogmanay as well, so that we could work on some landscapes but I sadly wasn’t able to accept. I thought at the time I was going to be elsewhere, but now… Well. I’m not entirely sure anymore. But it seems terribly rude to accept an invitation with reservations.”
eggs left? It’s just, um, the soufflé-”
Sherlock was wooden faced for a moment, before sighing and nodding reluctantly. “Occasionally. I don’t want you to…” he trailed off. John’s heart clenched a little, reading the brief flash of remembered hurt in Sherlock’s face.
“Don’t fuss. He clearly had no practical experience in throttling anyone. It was sheer dumb luck that he caught me at that angle.” Sherlock sniffed.
“He was going to attack me.” Murdy said thoughtfully, leaning forward to peer into the ministers’ face. “We all saw it. He had a knife in his pocket. He asked if anyone knew I was here. Who’s to know that it wasn’t self-defence?” she glanced up at Sherlock with a hard, glittering look in her eye. “You can’t tell me he doesn’t deserve it.”
“Jings,
, not like that! It’ll fracture! Gently, see? We’re aiming to lessen the temperature shock. Now, once it’s in the water the ovotransferrins begin to bond with each other, creating a matrix. Ten seconds, and take it out again. Exactly ten! And…..lift!”
“Christ, Sherlock. You are absolutely the sexiest creature I’ve ever seen,” John half-laughed, beginning to piston his fingers slowly in and out of him.
Without really thinking about it he reached out and slipped his left arm through the smooth cool space under Sherlock’s pillow. He turned and ran his hand over Sherlock’s side, feeling warm skin and the outline of the man’s ribs through his light t-shirt . Sherlock stiffened slightly, and then relaxed before John had time to question his actions. He took hold of John’s hand and pulled it firmly around, bringing it to rest against his chest. He didn’t let go, idly weaving their fingers together.
“Rab! Pruny! That’s enough!” Hector Antonelli protested. “Poor Mr Holmes here has clearly been through an awful ordeal. He doesn’t need you two shouting about it-“
“Seriously, you detestable tick. Tread carefully there – she’s smart as paint but she’s still only fourteen. You’re investigating people whom she’s known all her life.”
“Where is he?” Murdy asked again, her voice almost steady. “Where’s Mister Holmes?”
“Hah!” Violet muttered darkly. “Who would, with Mycroft sodding Holmes popping up out of nowhere to goggle at them like a dyspeptic axolotl? Just when he seemed to be having a good time, too.”
Sherlock jerked his head at the nearest security cameras, mounted on the shop front across the street. “Bloody Mycroft. He has his very occasional uses. I was on Hampstead Heath when he called to let me know you were here.” He grasped John’s shoulders, seeming to be on the brink of saying something more. John stared up at him. His relief at seeing Sherlock suddenly seemed rather silly. He could have gone to a hotel, he could have waited till the morning to find Sherlock. He opened his mouth to apologise, to attempt some (utterly feeble) explanation why he was here of all places.
“I think that much was clear when you shot him in the chest.” John replied tightly. “I don’t care about your motivations. Where is he?”
He watched Sherlock open his mouth to speak, and decided that drastic action was needed.
John cleared his throat. “And...er... what did you think of Miss Garner? What kind of relationship did you have with her?”
Sherlock glared at Violet, looking positively malevolent. She looked entirely unrepentant, and dangerously close to giggles. John’s palms were beginning to sweat, and he rubbed them anxiously on his knees. He didn’t want Sherlock to have a row with Violet, even if it was a silly one.
“So long, Mycroft.” Violet said evenly, and held out her hand. After a moment, Mycroft shook it briefly, and turned to go.
“Let me see.” John said firmly, taking a step closer.
Patrick cleared his throat and said: “It says that she was a very angry person, Mr. Holmes.”
There was still novelty here, the oddness of a male body under his fingertips and the faint sense of some taboo being broken. But mostly, John felt overwhelmed by the sheer
He stared at her wordlessly. She wriggled slightly, and sighed. “Christ. It’s a long story and I’ll need a stiff drink before telling it.”
John arranged his face into a cheerful smile and stepped forward to shake Patrick’s hand in welcome. “Patrick, er, nice to see you again.”
“Come on chaps, leaving in two minutes. If you’re coming with us, Mycroft; get some of these on. There’s boots in that chest over there that will probably fit you.”
“What was all that about?” John asked, curious. He didn’t much like Singh, admittedly, but he certainly wasn’t top of John’s list of suspects.
“Quite.” Sherlock agreed, crossing the room and handing John and Violet a heavy glass tumbler apiece.
“Go!” Sherlock shouted, directing his shoulder at the lock and taking a run at it from across the corridor. Phyllis nodded and ran as fast as she could towards the main staircase.
“Exactly!” Sherlock agreed, nodding. “Hilary is the one who Sandra wanted to punish most of all. Understandable, really. You really
Dropping the coats and shoes on the ground, he darted to the end of the jetty and scanned the water frantically, still directing the beam of the torch out onto the surface.
“Just don’t get your hopes up that you’ll get drawn into a fascinating criminal conspiracy when you get there,” Violet advised her drily. “These two goons are not entirely typical Londoners. Personally, I view it as a positive sink of humanity that leaves you with distressingly black mucus and a strangely sticky feeling after taking the Tube.”
On some level, he sort of felt that he should be jealous of Violet. Of the history, of the connection between them.
[But clearly it hasn’t been enough, has it? No matter what you’ve alleged, you were always the greedy one, Sherlock. So quick to believe that John Watson was going to leave you, no matter what he’s said to you.]
“John, you know that you’re having a panic attack. It’s textbook stuff, and you know exactly what’s happening, don’t you?”
“Vi, are you okay?” he asked hesitantly.
This last comment was obviously directed at Sherlock, who was still poker faced and pale. He nodded brusquely, and abruptly wrenched the car door open. The icy air seemed to slap John in the face as he scrambled out after Sherlock, only belatedly remembering to thank Mr. Brodie for the lift. The estate manager waved away John’s words, his dark eyes fixed on Sherlock with a faint concern.
“Is she okay?” Murdy asked in a small, rather shaky voice. She was incredibly pale, her wide eyes unable to look away from Mrs. Duncan’s unmoving form.
John shook his head in irritation, and began to walk again. “You’re wasting your ten minutes. I reckon you should probably get on with it.”
The light was fading from the room when Sherlock found John dozing gently underneath a copy of the Scotsman newspaper. Somehow Benjy had managed to insinuate his way onto the sofa and had fallen asleep across John’s knees. Sherlock was leaning against the kitchen table and was thoughtfully eating macaroons out of the biscuit tin when John woke up. The kitchen was full of shadows, lit only by the flames in the large ancient fireplace.
He was almost scared to start picking his way though the trees and fallen logs. Scared to take his eyes off the tiny light, in case it winked out of existence entirely. He caught his backpack on the broken limb of a tree and had to struggle hard to free himself, all the while slowly sinking into a thick drift of snow. His trousers had soaked through long ago, and his legs were numb with cold. He was barely aware of them as he staggered on, doggedly shoving one foot ahead of the other. His torch was of little use as he scrambled through the trees, only illuminating the trunks of the closest trees. He almost lost the greenish light entirely several times as he was forced to make detours and climb over fallen logs.
Sherlock didn’t let go of him just yet, bending to whisper into John’s ear. “I know. But I rather think that it isn’t Mr. Singh.”
“Oh, gentlemen… I know that I should tell you all. But it’s a sensitive subject, and probably not one for wee girls to overhear.” He swallowed hard, and looked at them imploringly. “Listen. This can’t get round the village, understand?”
“Parsley, bit of lavender. Splash of vodka to disinfect. It’s the business for bringing down bruises in a hurry,” Violet informed him, grabbing Sherlock’s uninjured hand and making him hold the muslin wrapped bundle to his face. He wrinkled his nose at the strong fragrance, but didn’t argue.
John had had plenty of other mates, from his school and uni days, a few from the army and others through both medical and detecting work. But none of them were quite like this. It would have felt a bit awkward if any of those guys were stretched out like this, their legs tangled with his. If any of them had had to talk him through a panic attack, he didn’t think he would be able to look them in the face again. It just wasn’t what mates did. And yet he and Sherlock did.
“Oh thank
“Toni’s busy with the wholesalers at the moment, you wee baggages. Go and find something else to do, then.”
John slipped the flower and the note back into the book and began to read.
“There should be. Of course, there’s always a chance one of us might pop into the back room or the kitchen during a quiet spell; but there’s a bell above the door that lets us know if someone has walked in.” she nodded at the small brass bell that hung on a curled spring above the glass panelled door.
“You were rubbing yourself against the sheets, face down. You don’t usually sleep like that.” Sherlock commented thoughtfully.
Sure enough, John spotted a heavily built man walking smartly downhill ahead of them. He appeared and disappeared in the patches of murky light, disappearing regularly into the soupy fog.
“It’s not a crime to change one’s name.” Hilary said coldly.
John’s voice was full of false, bright cheer and just imagining it made his teeth hurt.
“That makes no sense whatsoever, John.” Sherlock said sternly, before turning back to his laptop and resuming typing. Occasionally he muttered darkly to himself when he was particularly affronted by a message, and he periodically demanded that John make him tea.
She smiled brightly. “Shall I do the honours?”
Sherlock looked ready to protest, particularly given the current location of John’s hand; but after a brief internal struggle he sighed and stepped back, the heavy folds of fabric swinging back in place. John took a couple of deep breaths before he pushed himself away from the wall, the blood surging in his veins as he took in Sherlock’s snow-filled hair and swollen mouth. The detective’s eyes were shadowy as he looked down at John, positively radiating hunger. His expression nearly caused John to abandon his decision, but he forced himself to grab Sherlock’s arm. He hustled him down the path and around the front of the hall with indecent haste.
“What’s wrong?” John said, running towards the door.
soaking wet. That’s why you end up with this frizz at the back here.”
know is that Sherry also asked me to make sure that your grandparents were well looked after, in case he died before they did. His heart wasn’t in great condition, even before he began drinking in earnest.”
He opened his mouth to exclaim at the vista, the harsh unexpected beauty of the landscape and the mellow grandeur of the house (manor? castle? Is it a castle if it’s got turrets? If it is, I’m going to tease Sherlock for
He knelt down next to Sherlock, staring at his face. Like Violet, his eyes were a little swollen and he was frowning slightly. His hair was a disaster, bearing the unmistakeable signs of having fingers dragged through it repeatedly. The man looked so tired John was tempted to leave him to sleep there for the night. He sat back and leaned against the raised edge of the pond and studied Sherlock wearily. The detective was snoring faintly, and John thought he was probably drooling onto the cushions a bit.
“Oh, hell.” John muttered weakly.
John heaved himself off the sofa and took the glass from him. He stared at the top of the bottle. “What am I looking at?”
John stared at him blankly.
Suddenly, there was a sharp metallic clash above them in the clearing. Sherlock abruptly dropped his hand from John’s face and resumed his study of the group. John swore silently and clenched his fists. He wasn’t entirely sure what he had wanted to happen next, but whatever it was certainly hadn’t involved blasted
“No, the window in there is too large.” Sherlock said brusquely, and stood up with a menacing expression on his face. “But I rather think that the coal bunker will be ideal.”
“And only if you are.” Sherlock replied evenly, his eyes boring deep into John’s.
He jumped violently when a hesitant hand touched his shoulder, startled out of the vicious spiral of his thoughts. The flimsy scrap of paper fluttered to the stone floor, and came to rest between his feet.
(Flash git. I bet he spent
John dug out the plastic box and laid it on the nearby window seat. Down the hall he heard Patrick’s bedroom door closing softly and he winced a little.
“Alright, but nobody else. Agreed?”
John took a couple of deep breaths, forcing himself to recognise the truth in her words. “Yeah. Okay.” he swallowed hard, willing the nausea away. “And we’ve got Mary, too. Did she say anything to you?”
He never did ask Sherlock to find out who the father was. He had decided that it really didn’t matter, not in the great scheme of things.
“So one further narrow down the list of suspects based on the number and type of items they bought!” Patrick interjected.
“Course they are!” Violet said, before anyone could answer. “They wouldn’t miss it for the world.”
at it than me!” He practically spat the last statement, and John avoided Patrick’s eyes in an attempt not to giggle.
Sherlock moved forward silently and prised the pan from her reluctant fingers, before nodding at John to attend to the unconscious Marmaduke. He put an arm around Violet’s shoulders and led her, unresisting, over to the sofa under the window.
John. I just assume you know what I would have said. And the words freeze in my throat. And I know that if I told you that, if I told you that I never wanted… well. I knew that at first it wouldn’t matter to you. But eventually, you would think about it long enough and it would matter. You would eventually meet someone who could give you that. And you would leave. I always knew you’d leave, in the end.]
He could make out the curve of her spine and the elegant lines of her legs, and the shape of one of her hands grasping a palette. Like the drawing he had seen in the kitchen, it was no mere reproduction of a scene. It was a suggestion of feeling rather than shape; the dark shadows near the bottom of the canvas and the twist to the long fingers suggested both beauty and darkness. It unsettled him more than a little.
“Doesn’t count. It’s an amalgam of different compounds.” Sherlock informed him loftily, after a moment.
Sherlock, who would possibly dismiss the whole issue with one of his “humans are incomprehensible and more trouble than they are worth” faces.
But nothing had prepared him for the sight of Mycroft Holmes’s face when he saw Patrick Singh for the first time.
“But don’t you want to-“
“I know. But unfortunately, no sooner had I ascertained the existence of the dog, the gutter I was standing on decided to give way. Luckily, Victor’s window was open and I was able to haul myself over the sill. The dog got rather over-excited, and proceeded to savage me as soon as I landed on the floor.”
Aberdeen Royal Infirmary was no different to a hundred other modern hospitals that John had visited over the years, a large squat box of a building on the outskirts of the large town. Sherlock walked silently beside him down the slightly grim yet bustling corridors, perhaps a little closer to John’s shoulder than usual. Other than this he showed little sign of distress and the expression on his face was more thoughtful than upset when John stole a glance or two.
Snorks
(Oh god, why couldn’t they have done this
Patrick smiled up at them from beside the fireplace in the hall, watching as they descended the last few stairs. He was back to his usual carefully groomed self, a sharply cut dinner jacket visible between the lapels of his long overcoat. One of his eyebrows raised slightly at Sherlock’s apparel but he didn’t comment upon it.
“Besides, it’s not as if the Holmes are traditionally entitled to a tartan,” Sherlock muttered, opening a drawer and scanning the selection of socks and underwear inside. “My grandparents adopted the design from some very distant relations who were vaguely Scottish.”
particular skill quiet for the last few years.”
me every two minutes.”
Violet didn’t look up for several seconds. Her hand felt chilled, despite the warmth streaming from the elaborate Victorian cast iron heater beneath the window. She eventually sighed and rubbed her left eye petulantly.
“Look,” Sherlock said with what he considered to be an admirable attempt at patience. “I don’t expect you to understand this. You can’t. Your mind doesn’t-“
He leant forward, studying the curious and startled faces in front of him intently. He remained silent as his gaze moved from face to face, and sighed dramatically.
“It’s been a while since I had that kind of dream.” John muttered, fitfully running his hands down his thighs. The compartment suddenly seemed stifling, and irritatingly, Sherlock didn’t seem to be in a hurry to undress.
John risked a glance around the hall, taking in the handful of other couples on the floor. A woman taking her husbands arm nearby gave him a smile and a nod before taking her position for the dance. A few eyes had followed them onto the floor, but there was no shocked reaction as far as he could see.
“He’s ordered a drink and the barmaid directed him to another man drinking alone at the far end of the bar. He’s talking to him now, but he seems rather suspicious of Patrick.”
He forced himself to keep moving down the corridor, his hand trailing along the chilly stone wall. In the distance he could hear a flurry of movement, feet pounding up the stairs in the great hall. Pushing open the green baize door, he spied one of the medical team from earlier on the stairs. In his hands was a heavy case that John numbly recognised as a portable defibrillator.
Katy pursed her lips, and adjusted the carefully knotted scarf around her neck. “Believe me, Mr. Holmes. I would be delighted to point the finger at that man, but I have no real reason to believe that he did come back. I think that he was much more the type to run off and leave Sandra, rather than kill her. I don’t think he would have had it in him, really. I don’t deny that he probably has the most motive, but I don’t think he’s a killer. Anything else? No? Jolly good. I’ll go and find Hilary for you.”
“Might be Murdy.” John said, hearing a hesitant knock. “We’re supposed to go give statements at the station later, and finish wrapping up the case…” he trailed off, stopping dead when he spied the slight figure standing on the other side of the door. He could see her though the pane of glass in the kitchen door, slightly distorted but instantly recognisable.
“Oh, she knew that I was proud of it. I rarely exhibit these days, you see. I’d said to Katy that I would submit this one to the academy while Sandra was in the room. She was livid with me when I told Garcia to leave. Really furious, and even more so when I told her I wouldn’t allow him to return. She knew exactly which one to go for, the one which would hurt the most.”
“I can tell that you’re not a native of Hilderbogie, certainly.” Sherlock conceded. “Although you have been here long enough for your accent to be almost indistinguishable from the locals. Your broad vowels, though… they tend to indicate that your origins are rather further away. Canada. Newfoundland, to be precise. You left there many years ago for a life at sea. Admittedly, I was told about your history in the merchant navy by a member of the Antonelli family. However, the unmistakable scars on your hands indicate an initial foray into trawler and line fishery before that.”
what this is!”
“Dad,
“Correction. You are a maniac and I try not to get you killed very much.” Sherlock muttered affectionately. “Honestly, John. We do this because it’s bloody good
Sherlock nodded at once, cursing himself silently as he reached into his pockets. Somewhere in the depths of his mind he could hear Mycroft’s weary voice:
She swallowed again, and pasted an approximation of a smile on her pale face. When she spoke, John noticed that her accent was close to that of the Holmes’s: cool and crisp, and very English. “I see. Of course I knew you must be close to finishing up here. I’ll just…” she seemed to somehow flail while remaining utterly still. “I’ll just go and fetch another cup from the kitchen, I didn’t bring enough for four. If you will just excuse me…” she turned towards the door and made a swift exit.
“She had to come back, in the end. And it became all too clear before long that I was on my way into the world. My grandparents were furious, because she couldn’t marry her cousin; not now. Not now that she was damaged goods.
Of course, it was bloody poison – the rozzers have traced it to the unfortunate Mr. Antonelli’s shop and his supply of tonic water. The poor man is in shreds, and the suspicions of the parish are doing him no good at all. He’s still in hospital in Aberdeen, with the rest of the victims. I’ve already had three of his seven daughters weeping all over me this morning. I’m still wiping the mucous off the shoulder of my new embroidered vicuna coat, which is simply too vexing for words.
Hilary came and slipped her hand under Basil’s arm. “I quite... agree. Darling. Where is he, Doctor Watson?” She avoided John’s gaze, and it didn’t escape his notice that neither she nor Basil seemed all that concerned about Violet.
He stooped and picked the irregular, folksy-looking plate up from where Benjy had abandoned it on the tiles. He turned it over in his hands, studying it with interest.
“You’re such… a fucking…
” Sherlock muttered sulkily.
“’Course it’s working. I wouldn’t have bothered giving it to you otherwise.” Violet retorted, curling up in her chair and leaning towards the heat of the low-burning stove.
you met in this house. And I don’t know why you felt like you had to – it’s not like we’re in some kind of… some kind of competition!”
“It’s good, isn’t it?” Violet agreed thoughtfully. “There’s proper depth to it. Kind of chills the soul, when you look at it. His previous work back in Edinburgh… it was nothing like that. I mean, I always knew he was talented but he was just a bit careless. I never thought he was all that serious about painting – I guessed he was really only studying with me so that he’d have an excuse to vamp it up at night in Edinburgh.”
“That’s a bloody low blow!” Murdy snapped, looking almost tearful with rage.
“I understand that Murdy was offered a scholarship to a boarding school in Edinburgh a while ago, but you felt that she was too young to go.”
The sudden sharp rapping on the bedroom door was therefore extremely unwelcome. John pulled away, panting, and groaned before wiping his mouth and weakly calling: “Hang on, just a mo…”
“I mean yes, you can lick me there. Anywhere you want, really.” Sherlock said, his eyes downcast. When he looked up at John his eyes were visibly dilated, his face flushed.
“These bins contain a variety of empty bags and cardboard boxes.” Sherlock commented, blithely emptying out the contents onto the ground. “As well as a selection of broken crockery, damaged toys and torn clothing.”
“You believe that someone is trying to further incriminate your family?” Patrick asked, gazing at the doll curiously.
“Blood.” Sherlock acknowledged him frostily, making a noble attempt at looking down his nose at his taller sibling. Mycroft sighed wearily, nodding a greeting at John, who studied the elder Holmes with interest. Had Mycroft seen any surveillance from the night before? His face gave no answers, although that was certainly nothing new.
Sherlock continued to stare at him wordlessly. John began to worry some more.
John felt his heart clench a little painfully. “Open your eyes and look at me, you darling ridiculous man.
Miss Argyle nodded, leaning towards Sherlock minutely. John was still fighting the urge to glare at her and settled for raising an eyebrow. (She’s bloody well
__________________________________________________________________________
“Cheerful, isn’t it?” Sherlock remarked, in a determinedly breezy tone. “My grandmother prided herself on the fact that this room hadn’t needed to be redecorated since 1840.”
“I’m not some wilting innocent; I have always been perfectly well acquainted with the mechanics of sex. It was necessary at the time, and the information was valuable. But I did not enjoy it.”
Violet continued to smile brightly, and sat down next to the man demurely. Sherlock made a slight move towards the tea tray, but stopped in his tracks when Violet made an almost imperceptible abortive gesture with her left hand.
“Tell me about the topiary.” Sherlock whispered, at some point before dawn.
On one notable afternoon the previous summer, he had even seen Sherlock solemnly playing hopscotch with some kids over on Gower Street.
There was a complete lack of response, although John thought that he heard a hastily muffled giggle coming from behind a nearby dry stone wall. “Er…Sherlock, I really don’t think that’s a good-“
Regardless of her intentions towards him, however, it was clear that Patrick was relishing her easy affection. Something in the way Patrick cautiously leant back against her made it all too clear that not many people touched him casually or slipped their hand carelessly into his. The way his pensive face softened when Violet grinned at him made it clear that simply being around her was providing some kind of respite from the dark cloud he had arrived under.
“Sorry it’s a bit late in the day, Reverend. I just wanted to talk to you about something,” they heard Murdy reply calmly.
” John exclaimed, remembering his flippant remarks to Mycroft earlier in the library. “Wanker.”
Sherlock obviously deduced that John was on the verge of collapse, and insinuated his very sharp elbow subtly into his side. John coughed loudly and managed to keep his face straight.
Synthetic fibres. Cigarette smoke [Benson and Hedges, would cheerfully commit GBH for one at the moment]. Gun oil. John.]
“She’s in there on her own with a fucking murderer!” John argued in a terse whisper. “She’s fucking
“I hope this experience has made you think twice about teaching, Vi.” Sherlock said darkly. “No matter how diverting it is to have a crime scene conveniently close to home.”
“They should be, more or less. I’ve hung them up next to the stove – why don’t you pop down to the kitchen and get dressed before we have some dinner?” she peered a little more closely at Murdy’s hair and seemed to be having trouble repressing a grin. “There’s a hairbrush in the bathroom next door, if you want one?”
He didn’t know how long he sat looking at the sketch, with Violet curled up nearby as she stared meditatively into the flames of the kitchen fire. He only tore his eyes away from the picture upon feeling a large hand dropping onto his shoulder. He jumped, feeling rather spooked.
“A schedule? Damn it,
“I don’t know. It’s not human though, I’m afraid.”
Sherlock evidently read at least some of this in John’s face, and he tilted his head a little, looking at John shrewdly from half-closed eyes.
Sherlock’s eyebrows had been inching up his forehead in something embarrassingly close to bewilderment when he heard a bizarre sound. One that he’d almost forgotten entirely. He’d once known it well, had heard it if not frequently; then regularly at least.
“Absolutely fucking
She glanced at him, frowning as the sound of sirens approaching the harbour became increasingly audible. Time was running out and Sherlock could almost hear the gears in her mind working, evaluating her options.
“Oh, god.”
“It’s… it’s her. My- I mean…” John took a deep breath, and cleared his throat. He began to pull the heavy door open. “It’s… it’s Mary.”
The worst part of it, though, was that John hadn’t known it himself.
Violet looked at him sharply and swallowed hard. She stood up abruptly, and stalked to the window. She glared out at the trees, inhaling deeply through her nose.
As they made their way out of the city and began to move into the countryside, the pre-dawn light began to seep over the snow-covered hills and permeate the mist, turning the rolling landscape into stark monochrome, punctuated by black trees and rocky outcrops, dark twisting rivers cutting through the white fields. Occasional flocks of crows soared and wheeled overhead, coming to perch on ancient stone walls to stare at the passing car through gleaming, jewel bright eyes.
John shrugged and didn’t contradict him. He still didn’t especially like the strange twisted shapes of the garden, but they seemed somehow less threatening than they had done over the previous week. Or perhaps it was because the shadows had left the house and grounds along with the students and Mycroft.
“I don’t… know. Really!”
“Obviously.” Violet said, before John could say a word.
Sherlock sighed gently, and didn’t respond; his fingers slowly teasing the last few buttons of his shirt through the holes, exposing his stomach and the faint line of hair that disappeared beneath the waistband of the kilt. John shivered slightly in the cooling air of the room, relishing the warmth of the fire along his back. For a moment, he merely indulged himself in taking in the debauched, sensual creature in front of him, who was regarding him with a look of invitation and clear challenge. Wordlessly, he sank to his knees on the hearthrug, pushing Sherlock’s knees apart and moving between them. Being totally naked while Sherlock was still largely clothed somehow made the situation feel even more erotic, and his hand strayed without conscious thought towards his cock.
Sherlock and John watched her saunter towards a blushing young farmer, a beaming smile on her face. He fiddled nervously with his sporran as she whispered something in his ear, before offering his arm so quickly he nearly elbowed her in the chest. Violet laughed and ducked just in time, before leading him towards the floor.
Sherlock smiled, seeming unreasonably pleased by this. “Good.”
“I’m quite sure you do much more than that,” said Phyllis firmly and with a shy smile at him. He grinned and offered her a bread roll from the basket near his elbow.
“John, darling blister!” Violet grinned, stretching out a hand to him. She didn’t seem quite ready to let go of Sherlock, and John squeezed her fingers warmly; unable to stop the answering smile on his face.
without an erection.”
“It’s just a room, John. They won’t be coming back.” Sherlock said, a little woodenly. Then he sighed, and met John’s worried gaze. “In truth, I just wish we were back home at Baker Street. I wish we could hear sirens in the distance and that we could ring Angelo and ask him to bring us some risotto. I wish I could hear Mrs Hudson downstairs listening to the Archers.”
Sherlock sprang to his feet and swept from the room without a second glance. John muttered an apology and followed on his heels, leaving a rather perplexed group in his wake.
“Not quite, you’re forgetting how early the sun goes down when you’re this far north. It’s only half four. I thought you’d want to see these, though.” he gestured at a large envelope on the table to his left.
“Oh!” Mr. Antonelli cried, looking pinker than ever. “Sorry, Doctor Watson; I just assumed…” he swallowed and smiled sheepishly. “Mr. Mackie loves dancing but the numbers were uneven for that set and the hall was crowded. So he popped next door into the churchyard and danced by himself, because he couldn’t bear to miss it. Um. He was on his own. No soldiers with him at all. Just Miss Argyle, who seemed to think that it was a bit disrespectful for some reason.”
Sherlock let himself be guided shakily onto the back of one, behind one of the officers. As it pulled slowly away, he gave John a small smile and a weary salute; but there was still a trace of anxiety in his white face. It was a small comfort that he was barely out of John’s sight, as he rode close by on the back of the other vehicle.
“Mmm, I don’t think so. We’ve talked about this before, but never got round to it.” Sherlock answered, his fingernails scratching slowly through the hair at the nape of John’s neck.
“You’re sure it wasn’t there beforehand?” John asked Violet.
This seemed like progress. “I like that we do this now.” John realised that he had murmured this aloud, and smiled slightly. “I like that I’m allowed to touch you like this.”
(Huh. Well, good. Doesn’t seem like it. This time.)
Sherlock opened one eye and regarded her beadily. “What kind of ithing?”
John forced himself to look at the remains of the figure lying by the vehicle. The face was blackened with smoke but largely undamaged, hair gleaming an unnatural brassy blonde beneath a thin layer of snow. He only took a cursory look at the lower half of the body. There wasn’t much left of it.
“I wish I’d told you before.” Sherlock whispered. “I could have told you so many times, and I didn’t. I was stuck in that awful hut and I kept talking to you in my head. I didn’t even tell you then, not outright.”
(Hm. I wonder if... Oh. Stop right there, Watson. Very much NOT the time to follow that particular train of thought.)
The evening ended with more wine and slices of Patrick’s admittedly rather good fruitcake in front of the fire in the drawing room. Sherlock lounged lazily on the hearthrug, propped up against John’s shins. John slouched down into his overstuffed armchair, warmed by the firelight and wine; content to listen to Violet and Sherlock bicker drowsily over whose turn it was to fetch more firewood.
“My father was very busy.” Mycroft said mechanically.
with the knowledge that John was ebbing away from him at this very minute. John was looking into Mary’s face by now, and wheels were beginning to turn. His doctor was gradually being swept away.
“And there’s no need to be nervous, Hilary.” John added, pulling his chair a little closer. Sherlock shot him a swift and mysteriously irritated look. (Did he want her to be nervous? Odd.)
“Indeed.” Sherlock nodded, looking pleased. “Atropine is frequently carried by members of the military who are deemed likely to encounter chemical warfare, usually Sarin gas. If administered swiftly following an attack, atropine is a very effective antidote.”
“Quite. Unfortunately, Inspector Menzies appeared bright and early this morning and wanted me to explain some of the finer details to him. Violet came and woke me around half eight, but you were fast asleep.” John heard the grin in Sherlock’s voice. “Violet came and had a look at you. She said that you looked quite
“Vi… Vi, this is too much. You don’t have to tell me this part. You don’t have to-“
John lengthened his stride to keep up with Sherlock, ducking under the outstretched paw of a huge topiary tiger. Sherlock poked his head through the street entrance door and glanced up and down the street. The mist was steadily thickening, and it wasn’t clear to John which direction Patrick could have gone. Sherlock seemed to be in no doubt however, and set off quietly to the right. This path took them towards the city centre, passing more stately houses wreathed in greyish mist. The ornate cast-iron streetlights cast a murky yellowish glow, and only illuminated the street for perhaps a dozen yards in either direction. Sounds were strangely muffled, and Patricks’ brisk footsteps were barely audible although he was only perhaps thirty yards ahead. The night was bone-chillingly cold and John dug his hands deep into his jacket pockets, grateful for Sherlock’s scarf wrapped securely around his neck.
“N-No.” John whispered. “No, it’s… it’s not about that.”
“Don’t worry. It’s all just transport, isn’t it?” he asked in a quiet, deeply serious voice.
agreed Mycroft. “And I know that I will have to pick up the pieces once again, once you decide to leave him. I’m not worried about Violet’s influence just now, John. It’s when he’s alone once more, and more susceptible to the influence of undesirable sorts.”
“I’ve realised that you deserve them.” Mary said, after a moment’s visible struggle. Her face was earnest, and she looked into his eyes with utter sincerity. “I suppose I want to make amends. It’s New Years Day; and it’s a good time to start fresh, isn’t it?”
“Oh god, Sherlock. I was really, you know,
Sherlock leaned against John’s shoulder gently and exhaled heavily. “Yes. You see…” he trailed off and swallowed. “You see, I don’t want to leave like this.” he said quietly. “Not like this. Not when…”
“I can’t stay long; got to go and have a look at the horses.” Mr. Brodie said, apologetically. “I just thought I’d check whether you needed anything from Aberdeen? I’ll be heading over there this afternoon.”
Sherlock knew, of course, that it was perhaps not his most brilliant moment when he decided to  start walking barefoot through what was shaping up to be a quite impressive snow-storm, in the middle of a remote mountain range. His total possessions included some blood-stained pajamas, a rather nice sweater that nevertheless did little to keep out sub-zero cold, and an efficient but currently fairly useless revolver. He had been in worse situations, certainly. But he was having a hard time thinking of more than five of them at this particular moment.
“But not the hall on the other side.” Sherlock stated, staring through the window into the small kitchen. “Someone has watered that aspidistra plant on the sill within the last twenty four hours.”
and see how everything is developing. I do hope that there has been some progress with the case since this afternoon.”
“So. Er. Can you tell me what the hell all that was about, without bursting a blood vessel?” he asked, in what was hopefully a matter-of-fact tone.
But while Trenet was alive and well in maximum security, Harman was extremely dead. When Sherlock had learnt the details of the arms dealer’s demise, he was almost persuaded of the idea that Mycroft was
against others. And after that…” Miss Argyle seemed to be having trouble getting the words out through her gritted teeth. “She taught them about unnatural methods of…
that way, you idiot! I thought you were aware of that!”
“You’re the local PC though – surely you must have made an enemy or two over the years?” John queried. He felt slightly mean in joining the interrogation, as the man seemed so deeply uncomfortable.
” he added sternly, in case anyone was likely to have the nerve to question his analysis.
“Golly. Sounds like an unusual fetish.” John murmured thoughtfully, staring at the ceiling.
He gave her a long look, taking in more detail as the figures around them began to disperse into the shadows. He could see the shadows of bruises on one side of her face, and more along one thin leg. A mental nudge from John made him add:
“Blimey.” John said, with a grimace. “That was intense.”
“Yes, I should think so. My father expects me to take rather more of an interest in his company before too long.” His tone was light and careless, and he smiled a little at Mycroft’s profile. “I don’t mind. I never really saw myself as much of an artist; it was always more of a hobby, for me. Perhaps I will take to the shipping trade, who knows?”
Sherlock’s mouth quirked into a slightly abashed smile. “Well, it’s hard to know when you might need something urgently. I thought it best to err on the side of caution.”
But the fact that Sherlock felt the need to apologise for this? There were many, many things that the detective could apologise to John for; big and small. The continuing presence of the human femurs in the cutlery drawer at 221B for a start. His complete disregard for anyone’s privacy but his own. The way he saw no problem in waking John up at 4am to tell him about a particularly fascinating thought he’d had about blood coagulation. Why suddenly decide to start now?
John stared at him. “You’re actually going to leave because he told you to? I know our train tickets back to London are for tomorrow, but I sort of assumed we’d-“
They sat silently together, watching the bats flitting out from the waving branches of the tall birch trees. They skimmed overhead, and swept up the glen across the water. The album had played out and the needle scratched softly at the centre of the record. Violet snugged her head into Sherlock’s shoulder, pulling a blanket over their knees.
“Or a charity auction!” Violet cried. “Fabulous!”
“Disappointed?” her expression told him that she knew exactly which suspect they had been investigating. He smiled back and took a swig from the glass she offered.
“It’s just...” Sherlock grimaced, and buried his face in John’s shoulder once more. “It’s just that... Well. I’m not used to this, you see. And I’m not particularly sure what you mean. What you’re expecting... while continuing to share a bed with me.”
“Isn’t poison supposed to be a traditionally female weapon of choice?” Patrick mused. “Just think of Lucrezia Borgia.”
“Addled.” Sherlock repeated thoughtfully. “Interesting.”
“Does this mean that the tonic water was on a shelf behind the shop counter?” Patrick asked, looking thoughtful. “Surely it would attract attention, if a customer stepped behind it?”
Sherlock was clearly about to argue, when a light switch was flicked in the study. Murdy’s voice was steady and clear as a bell when they heard her say: “Evening, Reverend Duncan.”
“Any news then?” he asked, not sure whether he truly wanted to know.
“Oh, don’t forget this!” John exclaimed, picking up the envelope that Mycroft had left on the nearby table and waving it with a grin. “Knowing Violet, I have an idea of what it might be.”
“No. The curtains are undrawn, although it’s nearly dark.” Sherlock observed tersely. “Reverend Duncan probably left those lights on either last night or this morning. He must still be in Aberdeen.”
“I feel the shadow of it again every year,” John hears himself murmur and he can’t stop himself now. “It’s like a bad dream. I came so close to dying so many times. Not just in Afghanistan. But here in London, before I met you. I’m haunted by it. That I came so close to never meeting you.”
“Victor had the room next to mine. He was reasonably friendly, polite. He was extremely cagey about his room, though. He never let anyone in there, which raised my suspicions immediately. I began to hypothesize over what he was getting up to, that nobody could be allowed to see.”
“That’s my grandfather’s car.” Sherlock said blankly, staring at it.
Violet was wearing a complicated sort of dress, all soft black drapery and trailing hems; it hung from one white freckled shoulder in a louche sort of way as she lolled in her chair. Her hair was still pinned away from her face, revealing extremely large pearl and diamond earrings which seemed to drag on her earlobes a little. John hadn’t bothered to change and felt rather underdressed.
Without warning, Patrick seemed to vanish. John cursed quietly, speeding up and trying to figure out where he had last seen Patrick. He froze when he saw a figure outside an unlit Georgian church, but this turned out to be an odd bronze statue of a gentleman in eighteenth century dress. The statue seemed to have paused while walking downhill; John had mistaken the flare of the figures’ frock-coat for Patrick’s own sweeping overcoat.  The church looked firmly locked, but a graveyard opened out on either side; stretching behind until the many lopsided monuments vanished in the foggy murk. John sighed silently, wondering whether to continue downhill or to try his luck in the graveyard. Peering down the street he could make out no sign of movement whatsoever; the silence was deadly.
off.” She reached over to deftly retrieve the coffee pot, which was still bubbling furiously. “Don’t worry, I am not about to ask for all the gory details.” she added, to his great relief.
“Murdy, you need to go. Now.”
“And so, eventually she ended up at the door of a convent. She was seven months pregnant, sported several bruises, and was wearing only one shoe. She had to beg them to let her in; and that really
“You poor dear. Then what is it?”
Margaret mercifully chose this minute to appear through the door to the kitchen, and cleared her throat noisily.
dad, and be so much better than mine ever was.” he took another swallow of whiskey when he heard his voice shaking. “That we could be a proper family, and you would be godfather and teach her all about, I dunno, chemistry and, and, tobacco ash and how to figure somebody out from their shoelaces?” Sherlock’s expression briefly veered somewhere towards startled incredulity. “That Mary and I could leave the past in the past, that she would be happy to do it.”
Mr. Antonelli frowned at him in confusion. “What?”
“Oh, yes – that’s right.” he smiled humourlessly. “Rotten luck, eh?”
“Murdy!” John called, finally catching up and grabbing her hand before she broke a bone. “You’ve got to calm down a bit!”
Quick update! enjoy x
“What is it?” John asked, retracing the few steps he had taken before realising Sherlock was no longer at his side. The detective was staring into the greyish depths of the Thames, his knuckles white as he grasped the railing. He didn’t speak straight away, and John came to stand against his shoulder; leaning into his side.
He’s been lending me books for ages! He’s gotten the twins out of trouble loads of times! Why would he poison my dad?”
“You’re a perfectly good cook!” Violet protested. “Better than most people I know, anyway.”
It was a mixture of superb whiskey, honey, hot water and cinnamon. John took a deep swig and rolled it around his mouth slowly before swallowing. “Your cousin is a queen among women, Sherlock. Why couldn’t I get one like her instead of wretched Cousin Deirdre?”
; but that coat was bought for someone taller than you, with slightly longer arms. Irish tweed, well cut, good quality; vegetable dyes most likely derived from dulse seaweed. Your parents went on honeymoon to the west coast of Ireland, where your father bought it as a gift for her.”
the director and his twin brother. That
“Details about what?” John asked curiously, trailing after them towards the open door of the library. It, too, was flooded with sunlight now that Margaret seemed to have decided the mourning blackout had ended. “And incidentally, Sherlock, you do
, Sherlock…”
“Aha! You have been hoisted on your own petard, Watson!”
Violet gave Hilary a smile that was full of knives. “Gosh, you are
Violet sidled up to him and wrapped her arm around his waist. “He really is a
But what had John talked to Sherlock about, really? He just assumed that Sherlock knew the important things; that he saw through him as always. That he understood how and why John felt. It had never occurred to him that Sherlock might weigh up the evidence and get it wrong. Or that he had incomplete data to work with.
, I forgave you. But I’m still fucking livid about it sometimes. I try not to be, but I still am.” John was having trouble with not shouting. Sherlock sat silently, utterly still as he listened.
“You’re so nice, to listen to me.” she said, a little shakily.
Sherlock sat on the long embroidered ottoman in Violet’s bedroom, his bare feet propped up on the chippendale dressing table. An open book on the history of metallurgy lay in his lap, but he was paying only a minimal amount of attention to the text. Violet was busily rummaging through drawers and extracting a variety of small bottles and vials, tossing them carelessly onto the floor next to Sherlock.
“Oh, er thank you. Miss Boorman, isn’t it?” he accepted a piece of warm bread from the plate she passed down the table. He noticed Sherlock taking three pieces as it passed him.
“Miss Vernet, I won’t keep you – thanks so much for the tea and sympathy. I do appreciate it.” she looked a little awkward, and nodded jerkily at John and Sherlock.
“Bet we’d have managed it quicker.” Rab muttered darkly.
[You’re not. At least you
And yet, nearly a year after his arrival back at Baker Street it almost felt as though he had never left. When he thought about Mary it still hurt, but the rage had thankfully subsided to an occasional dull throb. The grief had taken much longer to subside, and there were still nights where he lay awake staring at the ceiling. Suddenly struck once more by the loss of the future he had envisioned.
Sherlock looked at him in utter incomprehension. John grinned.
Again, John opened his mouth to protest but she shook her head. “Shut up, you silly goon. Don’t argue with me.”
“Hetty Ogilvie is six.” Murdy pointed out. “And Olive Murchan only has one arm; I reckon it’d be difficult for her to poison the bottles in a hurry.”
from his thighs and stomach (oh Christ, how did it even get behind my
Violet glared, and wiped her eyes distractedly. “Fuck it. Yes I do. I want to. I haven’t told anyone about this for bloody decades. Not since… well. And don’t tell me you don’t want to know, I can see that you do. So you can just bloody listen. You asked for this, didn’t you?
John. This isn’t easy for me.” she said, an unfamiliar pleading note in her voice.
“But it’s not as if Freddie Garcia was particularly grand, either.” John observed, watching as Sherlock resumed rifling through the contents of the plastic box on the window seat.
Violet grasped John’s hand convulsively and when he glanced at her she was furiously biting her lip in an effort not to laugh. He heard Sherlock inhale sharply next to him and he slid his hand onto his knee in what he hoped was a comforting gesture.
Sherlock sighed, as if John was being difficult. “It would be
Ambling slowly back towards the library, he encountered Katy Boorman emerging from her small study that was next door to Violet's own. She was clearly dressed for the cool October weather, wearing a well cut black coat and a cashmere scarf. She carried a cotton shopping bag on one shoulder, which bulged slightly and rattled as she moved.
“Oh, do forgive me.” John answered through his teeth. “I bow to your greater knowledge of bloody bombs! We both remember the last time, right? ‘Oh no, John I don’t know the first thing about how to defuse a ruddy great BOMB!’”
