Cas tore his gaze away to shake his head, like Dean was a special kind of dumb so now he'd have to go about explaining this the slow way. "Those Leviathan are after
"I love you," he said, each word spoken deliberately and clearly. No more takebacks. "Cas," he kept going, and he was starting to smile because it was easy to admit the next part. Easy like breathing. "You are
"I'm adorable," Dean agrees. Sam pretty much rolls his eyes at him, so Dean falls into a pose, holding his neck stiff. "Hey." He drops his voice like twelve full octaves. "I'm Batman."
Point is, Cas' car. It's straight out of the 70's, this old junker that would've fit right at home in Bobby's salvage yard once upon a time ago. It's a brown, gold colored Volvo, rust eating away at the paint, but Cas shows it off proudly like it's the best thing he owns.
It should be weird but it's not, and Dean, still feeling his good mood, pats Cas on the side of his face before letting go, paddling backwards.
"He'll be back," he tries. Worse, part of him actually believes it. "You know Cas. Guy's like a weed. You can't get rid of him."
Dean exchanges a look with Cas, then says, "No, he, ah, nerds out over that stuff, that's all." And then, who the hell knows why, Dean loses his cool and blurts, "He works at a coffee shop. Part time."
Cas dunks his donut into his tea while Dean watches, waiting. "Do you feel burdened now?" he asks after a pointed beat. It makes Dean tense up, all the friendliness zapped right out of the conversation. There's a weighted, curious look on Cas' face, like Cas is screwing with him. It has Dean remembering a game of
So he wasn't found choking on a bottle of pills then. Okay. What a great use of their time this has been.
For something to do, and because self-sabotage is on the menu tonight after all, he sips at Charlie's drink. And almost immediately regrets it, recoiling with a face hilarious enough Cas smiles openly, if not softly, at it. "Yeah, you? Stow it." The taste in his mouth rallies on. "God, that's gross. You know what alcohol doesn't need? Tea."
Dean looks up at Cas with a smirk, but Cas is furrowing his brow at him in that 'does not compute' way that makes him look like a broken robot. And, oh, Dean's still eye-level with the guy's junk, no wonder. He gets up quick, which makes Cas squint at him even more, which in turn makes Dean feel like he has to defend his life choices.
Maybe it was Sam's words from earlier, in which case Dean would have to hurt him, no question. Maybe Sam planted something in his mind, like some weird fungus that latched on and was poisoning his thoughts.
Dean rolls his eyes at Sam's huff of self-congratulating laughter, but he's smiling when he hangs up.
Yes. No. Honestly, he saw Lisa, saw the dude, and split. No thought involved. Just, gone and out the door as quickly as he processed it. Even now, he can't tell if he's jealous or just feeling embarrassed she's moved on so quick.
By the time they've worked through the individual stuff, it's pitch black outside, save for the dimmed glow of the gas station street light on the other side of the building that casts most of the field in a faint yellow light. Sam and Cas are dark shadows that Dean hears more than sees, their whispers drifting his way like a breeze.
That’s when Sam gets it. What this is. Or should have been. “Oh,” he says, his eyes widening. But then they narrow. “Oh. You didn’t think I—? Dean, c'mon, like I don’t have eyes?”
"Sure. 'Cause that's a thing you say when you're not lying through your teeth. Who're you texting, then?"
Cas kisses down the side of Dean's face while he jerks him off. High up on his temple, down his cheek, at the corner of his lip. Hot, breathy, open-mouthed kisses like they're making some damn porno.
Cas looks out at the mountainscape beside them, his gaze very far away. Then he sighs and gets out of the car, leaving the door wide open behind him. He heads towards the trunk and lingers. After a beat, Dean follows him, closing his and Cas's door as he goes.
As a once upon a time ago celestial being that could heal its own injuries without thought, he's never had a reason to be tended to by someone else. The reaper notwithstanding.
He doesn't say anything though, just stands there looking like hell warmed over. Dean's heart is a traitor. The dumb thing flops around once or twice, suckered in by the sad sight.
Cas's smile is larger and more genuine by the time Dean finishes, made so by the idea that, somehow, his suggestion of food and Dean's idea of 'dates' are connected.
"What are we watching?" Dean asks once he's taken up half the couch, his feet propped on the coffee table next to Sam's unfinished salad.
Sam laughs, breaking the quiet, and Amelia does too. Even Cas looks like he might be following a laugh track in his head, and Dean can't feel too bad about that, can he?
The wedding ring, though, feels weird. Foreign. And he can't stop his brain from obsessing over it. It's an extra weight against the steering wheel, a new feeling between his fingers, so he's aware of it like it's a toothache he can't stop prodding.
Eventually Cas hoists himself onto the hood as well, making the car swoop down again. He scoots until he's reclined against the windshield. After a second, Dean follows.
There's an acceptance in the way Sam's staring at him right now that Dean can't get over; for as much as their life has always,
Dean swivels his attention over to Sam. "And you," he demands, killing the smile Sam is badly attempting to stifle, "shut up."
“Good talk,” Dean says over him, backing up out of the room. Just one foot behind the other. He barely resists the urge to shoot off some finger-guns, embarrassed that Sam's calling him out on a decade of pining.
Dean scrambles for a pillow and curses out loud, ready to combust from embarrassment, but it's just Cas.
That he can say that freely, uncaring of its magnitude, is overwhelming. "I'm not, though," he tells him. "Lost. I have a job here. Purpose. I have friends."
"Look, we'll keep searching," he says, using his elbow to gesture Castiel's way, who is still on the sofa leafing through books, just the same as Dean who is chair-bound and desperate for anything helpful. "I mean it. Me and Cas both." Dean just grunts, which gets another sigh out of Sam. "You've been at this for hours. Seriously, how much longer are you gonna run yourself dry?"
Sam rolls his eyes. There is actual eye-rolling. "We're hunters, we're just." He searches for the right word. "Retired," is what he comes up with, and good thing he winces saying it, otherwise Dean would've done it for him. Even so.
"Dude, you're hot. Go woo. You need my help?" Pickup scenarios are already running rampant in his mind. (Example: "Excuse me, miss. Think you lost this." Insert Charlie.)
His head hasn't been in the greatest place lately, so who knows what the hell he said to Lisa. The god's honest truth, maybe. A lie that he wants to move in with her. He doesn't know which one terrifies him worse, how fucked up is that?
ribbing from demon and angel alike, but it seemed more pointed than usual after everything they'd been through the past year.
How many ways can he tell the guy he doesn’t care about what happened topside? That the plan, the only plan, is that Cas is going home with him, and if that means they hafta figure out some other way than the portal Benny’s been leading them to, so be it. But Cas won’t quit trying to say sorry, he won’t stop looking for a reason to stay behind.
He doesn't know what kind--the world to be painted in rainbows, Cas coming at him with regrets, a knowing phone call from Sam--but they pick up where they left off like sex and feelings have been part of their relationship since day 1.
So, this is it, then. Dean's been given an out. Here's his chance to end this whole Castiel thing, to chock it up as this one-time event he'll eventually look back on and be like, 'hey, remember the time that gay guy wanted all up on it? good times!'
When it's quiet, Dean says, "I pray to you, Cas," and his voice is rough with the admission. It seems to embarrass him, because he makes himself sound lighter. "I mean, blame it on one too many head injuries, I don't know, but my ass is in trouble? I forget you can't hear me and I pray. Hell," he adds, and this is harsh, but for a different reason, "not like you always answered, anyway. Not at the end. Guess nothing's really changed, huh?" He laughs, except it's self-deprecating.
But then Hank eyes the house beside his, face paling. "It was the first dead body I've ever seen," he murmurs.
Both of them break for the surface after that, sucking in breaths. Dean doesn't waste any time letting things turn weird; he lunges at Cas and drags him back under.
While Sam heads out of the room, Dean's mind whirs like hell to try and catch up with that parting shot. When he looks up at Cas, instead of staring back, Cas is ducking his head like Sam is a goddamn comedian and he finds the whole thing funny too and --
Ha, joke's on Cas because Dean's jerked off to fantasies that started out just like this and, jesus christ, something is wrong with him. There is something screwed up so damn bad inside of him, he's a freak, he's so messed up--
He stuffs the journal, and the picture, back in the drawer and stands up. Cas eyes the night stand with a look that says no good can come from denying a sharing-is-caring moment, but Dean's had his fill of those lately. "Hey, I'm starved. You hungry? 'Cause I could eat."
Dean stalled in his sip of beer to look over at Sam, who was already giving him the stare that said this was going to be one of those conversations Dean was expected to take seriously. Probably why Sam was his least favorite brother. He was also his only brother, but, whatever, technicalities.
It takes Charlie a second to place the memory, but once it hits, she full-on grins. "Gay Harrison Ford?"
And Lisa. But Sam must be clinging to some shred of common sense, because he's smart enough to not mention her.
"Maybe you're right, maybe this is a trap. Probably is, with our luck. But I'm going. Because if there's even a
Eyeing Dean like he's a moron, Sam keeps dumping the beers from their cardboard carrier into the cooler two at a time. "Are you changing?"
His laugh is much more loose this time. Same amount of crazy in it though. "Good. We're not. I mean,
Cas has a car. Cas has a driver's license. Dean demanded to see it as soon as he learned about the vehicle, but Cas, sketchy weirdo that he is, refused, deflecting in a way that has Dean's interest roused, though he's willing to play along if it means he can sneak a peek later. Probably it's got a bad photo ID and Cas is feeling twitchy about it.
After a minute, Benny rejoined him. Benny was a decent friend. He sensed Dean's bad mood and only said, "All good?"
Nearby, someone clears their throat. Which, Dean realizes after an embarrassingly long beat, is being directed at him.
"I know, believe me, Cas has sobbed that story. Queer guy falls for straight white bread. Classic. Oh, don't give me that look," he says in response to the ruffled feathers vibe Dean knows he's giving off. "Cas has mentioned you, oh, five, ten
There's just so much glitter. Besides, it's sterile-feeling and too bright and every three seconds his brain floods his entire nervous system with these strong fight-or-flight impulses that feel, honestly, like one taco too many during all-you-can-eat-beer-and-taco night.
Their stare turns into their usual long, lingering thing, and it only breaks when the waitress comes back and sets their beers and plates of food in front of them. She flounces off right after, and her departure reminds Dean they have a job to do.
But then Cas straightens. More than that, he locks his mom in a defiant gaze like all of a sudden, here on his front lawn, he's developed a rebellious streak. "I'm going," he announces before clarifying, pointlessly, "with Dean."
Sam thins his lips and gives it a second for the gravitas to return. "You like him, Dean. And you can deny it all you want," he rushes out with, because, yeah, Dean's jaw is hanging open to do just that, especially because he's caught sight of Cas outside the window again -- still on the phone, now looking weary -- and his dumb traitorous heart actually seizes up, "but I know you. You'd admit it, except you think it makes you weak."
Sam is smirking when Dean drags himself, bleary-eyed and his mouth tasting like death, into the kitchen for some coffee.
The day's been kicking his ass. Bobby’s glaring more than usual. Sam’s—well, whatever the hell he’s out there doing. And Cas, Thou Art with a Stick Up His Own Ass, has taken to following Dean around like he’s some runaway toddler with one of them backpack leashes.
Sam does disappear, but not without pinning Dean with a look he hopes Cas didn't also catch, because it was just short of an actual 'wink wink nudge nudge' and that's not what this is about.
"Dean," Cas says to stop him. He looks as crappy as Dean feels. "The blame doesn't fall entirely on you."
He reaches across the desk. "Name's Dean. Dean Winchester." Cas's grip is warm and firm. Less of a shake and more of a stiff hold. When they let go, Dean says, "Honestly, man, I know jack about hodge-podge, but I'm good with people and I learn fast."
Then a shadow falls over the table, and Cas is there, three bottles of beer wedged between the fingers of his right hand. Dean pulls off to the side, feeling caught, but Cas carries on like he hadn't overheard a single word. He sets a beer in front of Sam, and one in front of Dean, and the last one beside that, right as he gets into Dean's side of the booth, close like their every past
Which only makes Dean's head feel like it's been kicked in all over again. It doesn't make sense, but he can't help but feel partially responsible for something like that. "When?" he asks more softly. Might as well get that conversation done and over with.
Problem is, almost everyone at the bar rouses their suspicions. People go to these kind of places, after all, to pick up other people, which means 100% of the crowd fits a djinn's m.o..
Dean tries very hard to make teleportation happen, squeezing his closed eyes up at the ceiling and everything, but, nope, he's still there, still glued to the spot where his dignity is probably lying in a very real puddle on the floor.
Dean can't tear his eyes off Cas as he steps out of the Impala. He goes around her hood feeling like there's a rope tying the two of them together--it keeps losing its slack, getting tighter and tighter until he's right there in front of him.
Dean barks out a laugh. It dies in his throat when Sam's face remains purposely passive. "You're joking."
When Dean comes down, clean and wearing clothes that fit like new and feel damn good, because of course they would, they're future-his, he is lured into the kitchen by way of smell.
This is more than guilt, he realizes. Dean blames himself for Cas's misfortunes. "You think this is your fault," he says. His voice comes out soft, almost awed by the willingness of which Dean is eager to take on Cas's burdens.
Hours after, when the sun has started to set, the three of them find themselves in the overgrown field behind the long ago abandoned 7-Eleven.
Unlike the drunk kiss they both had somehow let themselves forget about, this one turned intense fast, Cas sliding his hands around the back of Dean's head just so he could keep him there.
So Cas, armed with this visual, sets to will his erection away while Dean lies next to him and reminds himself he's been here before with an awkwardly prepubescent Sam, and if he could survive that kid's marathon masturbation phase, hell, he can get through this too. It's just nature. And science, probably.
"Also," Cas says, eyes flicking to meet Dean's this time, "I'm not gloomy. And I'm fairly taller than you'd have people believe."
"Okay, maybe not. Not quite. But this?" He opens his arms to gesture around him, feeling like he's in la-la land. "The fixer-upper, the porch? The friggin' wafty curtains? Come on, man. You can't tell me you're okay with this. You're a warrior! You need the hunt."
Dean is crap when it comes to words, especially when those words have to mean something. It doesn't help that he's been here before, spilling his guts to Cas, and he got burned. 'Don't make me lose you too' didn't work way back when. 'I need you' wasn't enough.
Body parts crushed together and it was both too much and not enough, which was such a mindfuck especially because Dean's thoughts were bouncing all over the place like an overactive kid hyped up on sugar.
Dean can hear the double-meaning there. Doesn't mean he's in any way emotionally equipped to handle it. "Practice, mostly," he quips. Except he might as well be the world's biggest sap, because he holds Cas's gaze like it means something and promises, "I'll teach you."
Sam thins his lips real prissily -- too far, that one says, but you know what, fuck Sam for not letting it go and for the insinuation that Dean can't casually converse with someone without it being made into a big deal.
Cas is stiff under his arm, more so after that awkward announcement, but he stays, and Hank seems to get the point. He asks for a second to pin the dog in the bedroom. As soon as the door shuts behind him, Dean drops his arm and ignores the not-that-new magnetic pull that wants to keep Cas close.
, like he's rubbing it in Dean's face that Dean's still popping a boner after everything, never mind the two interruptions from kid brother Sammy, it puts things into perspective again.
Sam lets out another small laugh. He holds Dean's stare longer this time, until it turns tender and Dean has to chug at his beer to keep from getting suckered in by it. "Thanks, Dean," he says, like he means it.
There's a spark, this tingling jolt of pleasure, that shoots off in his gut whenever he rolls his hand over the head of his dick and slides it, slowly, all the way back down. He keeps his eyes closed, forcing his brain to stay in Dreamland where Cas is naked and giving him a blowjob. In this scenario, Dean's also being rubbed down by barely clothed women he's pretty sure his psyche is projecting from Busty Asian Beauties spreads, because Dreamland Dean is nothing if not opportunistic.
Whatever it is, the intimacy of the night, the case, Cas finally telling Dean something he's been needing to hear for a while now, it makes Dean realize 'complicated' doesn't even begin to cover what's going on with them.
"Come with me, my dreamy friend." Charlie hooks an arm around Cas's shoulder and leads him toward the bar. Cas shoots Dean a helpless glance as they pass but otherwise they trudge off without so much as a second thought that, left alone, Dean might be stared at or, god forbid, talked to.
"Dean, I thought." Cas swallows and opens his eyes again, wide and pleading. "I thought it was just me."
The back of Dean's head hits the floorboards again. "Fuck," he hisses. Cas is going at him like a friggin' pro and Dean can only stare at his ceiling and groan, "Holy shit," over and over again.
Then again, Sam's at the table doing homework and Bobby's out front working on cars, so maybe Cas is cool with keeping this between them. Dean had asked if they could, after, when they'd gotten up to wipe themselves off (dried jizz is in Dean's top 3 of 'worst ever,' that is not a joke) and Cas had looked bothered at the time but clearly he's gotten over it.
For payback, and because he's pretty much a spiteful twelve-year-old, in lieu of the real thing Dean prints out a picture of some mistletoe and discreetly tapes it over the kitchen's entranceway while Sam and Jess are caught up talking about some class they share together, their backs to him.
"Normally, yes, but actually getting a job here? Like Snape giving points to Gryffindor. But Meg's like three seconds away from being fired and, objectively speaking, you are
Dean hits the edge of the kitchen entranceway, where Cas is standing and Sam's backing away from—and just by the instantaneous, vengeful joy that overtakes Sam's entire body, Dean knows what the hell he's been tricked into.
That's their cue to bolt up the stairs, which they do. The whole way up Dean tries not to pay attention to the pictures on the wall, considering he's in some of them.
A bell announces his arrival seconds before he's managed to push the shop door all the way open. Dean steps through, and right away the sunlight gets swallowed up.
Dean clears his throat and distracts himself by scanning the menu on the wall. It's handwritten and done in chalk, half of the things are scribbled over with some new coffee or tea to take the place of the retired one. "Uh, latte. Please. Small."
Sam gives up the search to eye Dean with giant, glossy, cartoon eyes. For whatever reason, he's stoked. "It's Wednesday."
Without so much as an explanation, Sam slicks his hair out of his eyes and gets to banging on the back porch.
"Okay," Sam says, aiming for calm and an attempt at peace. "I guess that means we do this the old fashioned way."
"You're moody and you keep looking at the clock, just. Dean. Come on. Admit it. Not even to me, but you have to admit it to yourself some day. You're killing yourself here. No one's going to think less of you. It's Cas."
Cas's face mirrors his--disbelief, confusion, hope. So much hope, a desperate noise escapes out of Dean. Him and Cas fall into each other at the same time, Cas's arms winding around him tight just as he's pulling Cas into a hug. The second they come together, he knows.
"Okay, okay," Dean huffs like a lot's being asked of him here and he wants Sam to know that. He points an accusatory finger at him on his way out. "You're on spoonfeed duty."
“I don’t understand your fixation,” Cas says, his tone making it perfectly clear he would be rolling his eyes, if he hadn’t already earlier that night when Dean slugged him across the shoulder good-naturedly and told him, “Look sharp. We’re going out.”
Totally calm, Sam just shrugs and runs his fingers across the top of that coaster, over its faded Coca Cola logo. "Yeah, there was, huh. I wanna say... Robert was his name? John Bon-something or other after that. Uh, Jimmy Page?"
Cas orders a chai latte, then slowly heads back toward Dean while Sam takes his sweet ass time making it.
"I forgot how gratifying these contests could be. Of course, I used to play opposite a demon more competitive than even you."
Dean's mind is pretty much trying to ctrl-alt-delete itself, to no avail, as Gabriel slips off as easily as he came. Distractedly, Dean realizes he's missed some texts.
They exchange only a few words in greeting. Mostly they nod real manly at one another, communicating in grunts. Tools will do that to you.
kind. Christine is tugging a necklace out from underneath her blouse. There's a ring looped through the chain. "I haven't been wearing it since... since he..."
"Spare room," Dean mutters, pushing off in where he thinks that direction might be. "I seem like I know where the spare room's at?"
Only, Castiel just nods like he's taking Dean at face value. Like Dean is not only good and great, but awesome as well. So good, great, and awesome, in fact, that he had to voice all three.
Everyone he knows is at work, and it's only because he's been breaking his neck for the past month to make sure all the bills get taken care of that Bobby gave him some time off. Still, he might just go in, give the old guy hell for a few hours.
Honestly, he hadn't planned on it. Fun as it's been lately to black out the world one beer at a time when he's all by himself, the idea of getting shit-faced in public, in front of Cas, with Lisa around, is like a starter kit for nightmares.
Cas' hangover glare turned into a ruffled feathers glare. He ignored the offering of food -- and the mocking airplane noises Dean was trying to rile him up with -- and grabbed the toast instead.
"After Jack brought everyone back," Sam goes on, keeping his voice quiet, "I got a text from Eileen. She's fine. She didn't even know she was gone, actually."
Suddenly, Dean's face feels hot, and he knows he's got some seriously flushed cheeks to go along with it. He's not a dummy--he can read between the lines here. Last time Cas wanted to meet in person, Dean fled like a virgin in a whore house. No wonder Cas assumed Dean's radio silence was another act of repression.
The day mostly passes with Cas passed out, napping the germs away. Dean uses the time to scour the internet for anything relevant to fallen angels or Abaddon. He scopes out Cas' room too, only because it's the first time he's been in here, not counting the day Cas first showed up and they cleared the space out for him. It's nearly as bare and void of personality now as it was then. The only sign someone even stays in the room is the stash of junk Cas keeps on his bedside table. Dean feels like a creep thumbing through it, but he's bored and Cas is clingy and, besides, it's just old receipts and ripped newspaper articles and what looks like a postcard from Colorado. Nothing in the pile gives anything of Cas away except, maybe, that he's a hoarder.
Scarf Guy, Dean notices once he's doing his first wipe down of the tables closest to the window, is cradling one of their coffees, taking a sip from it every so often between approaching passerbys.
Cas comes in again the following day, bundled, as usual, in his flasher's trenchcoat and scarf. He hasn't even started bothering people for the day and his cheeks are already flushed from the cold.
." Dean gave him a two-can-play-that-game grin. It spread the whole way across his face, stretched thin and fake. All Cas did was stare.
"Alright, you two," Dean says, exiting in an overly exaggerated way. He gets his coat and stuffs his arms into the sleeves one at a time as slow as possible. Jingles his keys obnoxiously. Clears his throat. Sam's eyeballing him with such an intense 'I will light you on fire' look, but Jess is nothing but patient, seeing right through him. "I'll be back later."
"Yeah, Cas, big gay panic! Hello, feeling it too. But, damn it." Dean, for something to do, paces a small circle until he's right back where he started, in front of a tensely wound up Cas. "I'm scared to lose you," he admits, dropping it like a confession that's been forced out of him. "Not just regular scared, either, I'm a whole mess of screwed up. Dude, I fantasize nightly about letting all the air out of your tires because I know it's only a matter of time before you're off to where-ever-the-hell New Hampshire and I'm -- I'm the guy you leave behind."
Dean does stop, but only to slide heavily onto the chair beside Sam. It has a cushion on it. This is how Dean knows he's in bizarro land, because in what lifetime would he allow his brother to put cushions on their dining room chairs? In what lifetime would they even have dining room chairs?
"Alright, alright, fine. You're boring, you know that? And kind of noble, which makes me hate you a little. Text gay Harrison Ford and tell him pretty much what you just told me. Only, minus the masturbatory ego-sesh because, gross."
Tourist trap gas stations, too, are another thing Cas geeks out over. Dean's glove compartment is slowly being turned into Cas' hoarding grounds, stuffed with the crap he buys each trip. South Dakota postcards, one from Iowa when they got adventurous and left the state. There are two miniature license plates that say 'Dan' and 'Chad,' the closest they've come to finding ones with their own names. There are also diner receipts and a few swiped menus, brochures to places Cas wants to travel, a couple of paperbacks for reading.
That last part is offered sadly, like poor Dean's incapable of feeling love. Whatever, Dean's got bigger concerns.
"I'm sorry. I'm rambling. It's a nervous habit." His eyes get a little bigger, suddenly full of sorrow. "I was rude to you."
Then Sam rolls forward, noticing his company. "Dean?" He grunts and tries to sit up, but there's a reason you're not supposed to drink and operate heavy machinery at the same time. There is too much weight for him to heft around on so little brain functioning, and he winds up flopping sideways.
Dean grins at Cas as he walks through the threshold, then whistles while he comes all the way inside, with Cas following close after. “Bigger than it looks.” The door closes behind them.
"You're lucky I'm cute. Remember when you ditched me without a word or a text or any kind of communication friends normally use between one another before leaving their abandoned friend to think violent, murder-y, Dateline things have happened--"
In the index of Dean's life, guaranteed, there'll be a long ass list archiving all the incredibly dumb shit he's done.
He doesn't until he meets Cas' gaze, and the look Cas gives him paints an instant picture in his brain: they'd been making out upstairs, as per usual, and to stop Sam from constantly skulking outside his room whining about how bored he was and couldn't they go out and do something cool, Dean had promised him he'd take him to get fireworks if he'd shut up and leave them alone for ten damn minutes.
Every part of Sam's face pinches inward. He does his yoga breaths. His inner-chant practically turns outer, but it's riling him up instead of calming him down. That might have something to do with how hard Dean's been tormenting him lately. You know, because he's emotionally stunted. He's been a dick and Sam's mostly accepted it because that's just how Dean is, but now all that repressed anger is boiling over.
Seeing the responding little dots pop up has relief running through him in ways he doesn't know how to analyze.
Dean drops his ready-to-shoot stance and exhales his relief. Also, annoyance. "Son of a bitch. Make a sound or something, geez."
Finally Meg pulled away with a pointed smirk at Dean before sauntering out of sight. She left an uncomfortable, strained silence in her wake, which was probably her intention, and Dean felt his hatred for her grow anew.
For all Dean knows, though, future-him's as uneasy with Sam being married as he currently is, but like hell that's going to stop him from making Sam squirm. And Sam does squirm, especially when Amelia lets out a tuckered-sounding sigh from handling the groceries before casting this genuinely pleased look Dean's way.
Cas' dick pokes out the top of his unzipped jeans and that is when Dean realizes, turns out? He is a little bit gay after all. Because all he can think about is, he wants his mouth on that. He wants to lay Cas flat on his back and climb on top of him and suck him off like the dude's got a sweet candy filling,
Dean slaps a hand at Cas. It hits him on both his arm and ribs, jostling him amiably. "Hey. Damn straight you are. That's a good thing, Cas."
"Yeah, Dean, it kinda is." Then Sam sighs like he's the one being put through the ringer here. "Justify it in your head however you want, but you and Cas have that thing you can't fake."
Dean's got a knife in his back waistband he'd pulled out of the trunk of the Impala before. They'd dipped it in a jar of lamb's blood back at the bunker, too, so they're good to go on that front.
Cas smiles all dopily and drops his head back down to the mattress. His forehead butts into the back of Dean's arm and it's actually pretty worrisome how hot he still feels. "I was joking."
Plus, apparently he's supposed to be wearing the same apron Charlie's got on, but he vehemently protested, citing 'working penis' as a viable distinction between customer and employee.
Cas' eyes search Dean's. By power of stubborn determination -- and a lifelong habit of repressing his emotions the second they start becoming a problem -- Dean is able to withstand it. "I suppose," Cas says slowly.
That's as far as Cas gets before the ghost catches on. A front window blows out and shatters, sending shards of glass flying. They're able to duck out of the way and shield themselves from most of it, but then the wind kicks up. The ghost is working itself into full-blown poltergeist mode.
Cas shrugs loosely enough that he isn't fooling anyone. "What?" he has the balls to say, without even a smidge of the shame he should be feeling. "I like it."
Dean catches on, shaking his head. He's also smiling, but it's affectionate rather than mocking. "Weirdo."
Dean takes in the house. It's a two-story, front windows all bordered with flower pots. There's a stone walkway that leads up from the sidewalk and a lawn mower in the middle of the front yard, like someone meant to come back to that later. "You know this chick?" He's only asking because of the way Sam got lost in the article earlier. Dean's seen that face Sam had on before, and while it usually means that he's over-identifying with their victim of late, this seemed personal.
So, angels. Douchebag angels and their goddamn douchebaggery. Anger rolls through him like it's been coiled back tight then let loose, and he uses its momentum to finally get to his feet, slow and cautious.
Cas is hard already, Dean can feel him against his hip. Probably Cas can feel him, too, his hands tugging at Dean's waist so they're pressed as tight and close as possible. Cas' hips stutter forward that first time they line up just right, and it knocks Dean back into the door for another noisy thump.
Cas doesn't look thrilled to have his choice of drink publicly outed, but Dean's got bigger concerns. Namely, he is not going to be driven home like some ditched prom date.
That wasn't something Dean wanted to talk about, thank you very much. He moved around Cas in a pretty blatant attempt to drop the conversation. Cas, though, grabbed Dean around the arm and forced his company.
Someone's ringtone goes off nearby -- the theme song for 'Greatest American Hero,' and Dean snorts his judgment before realizing it's Gabriel's phone polluting the place. That just figures.
"Castiel, who art maybe as screwed as I am," he prays out loud. "Any time you feel like winging your ass over, that'd be great!"
Doesn't mean that Dean's not hyper-aware Cas is sitting closer than he usually sits. He endures it through a commercial break, then five minutes of a TV show he's only half paying attention to before he remembers they now have the kind of relationship that includes voluntarily rutting against each other until they both get off. What the hell are they still doing downstairs?
With that cheery ringing still going off -- there is actually a bell above the door, god help him -- all human noises disappear in favor of animal ones. There's barking. There are cats. There are more birds than Dean knows what to do with. It's all kinds of musty inside, it smells like a barn, and it's not, Dean's noticing, the place of rainbows and dreams that Cas made it out to be.
Fuck Cas, anyway. Dean grabs the tape and drops it in his waste basket. It clatters dully and lands just as anticlimactically, but even so, fuck Cas. Fuck Cas, fuck Cas, fuck fuck fuck --
When he settles back into bed, tired but better because they're both less gross now, Cas is still staring.
Dean swats his arm sympathetically. Ah, well. There are always other fish in the sea. Net. Whatever.
The time he dared a six-year-old Sam to lick some motel water fountain, for instance. The kid wound up with one of them bacterial infections bad enough that Dean swore up and down the entire week Sam was sick that he'd never pull another prank again.
Clothes? There's nothing wrong with what Dean's wearing. It's a perfectly good robe. It's his I'm-going-to-die-alone attire.
Like a godsend, a second beer drops in front of him. He could weep. Turns out, though, it's more like a gift from the devil.
He's rehearsed this. Done it a hundred times in his head. It feels like he's been having a version of this conversation with himself since the first time this all started, honestly.
A few rocks slide out from under Cas' feet as they take that last, small, uphill trek, and he goes down, landing on his hands and knees. Dean stops just long enough to offer him his own hand before he lunges halfway through the portal, but as soon as he's inside it, he knows they've only got
Cas stacks a book atop a small tower in front of him. "Your humble abode," he confirms grandly, being a smartass, but it's like that's an actual title, like maybe they refer to it that way all the time, cementing Dean's horror. "Well,
"Also," Amelia reminds the both of them, "this is pie for everyone. Share," she commands Dean with a pointed finger thrust bossily in his direction.
"You know, I could've left you down there." Cas tilts his head and looks interested in where this conversation is going. His eyes lock on Dean, and Dean has to look away, has to find somewhere less distracting to stare. He winds up spilling his guts to the clock on the wall. "You bailed on me the minute we got there, and Benny. Benny had a way out. If I had thought for even a second, Cas,
Bobby's eyes flick from Cas, to Dean, down to Dean's towel, and back up again, a whole lot of accusation picked up along the way. "Right," he drawls. "The flu. Why do I ever bother? Dinner's in ten. Cas is free to join us. Should his flu miraculously clear up, of course."
His first thought is to reach for the garbage can so Cas can be sick into it, but as soon as he moves, Cas throws an arm around his waist, stopping him.
Dean just shrugs. Inside, his heart is jackhammering and there's a sour feeling in his stomach, like he's going to be sick, but on the outside he is cool, blank. "I don't know what you want me to say, Cas."
"Heya, Cas. Let me guess." He eyes the menu behind him and lands, on random, "Egg nog latte. Wait. Gross. Who the hell'd put that... Sam! What I'd say about egg nog, you cream-chuggin' freak!" A door slams in the back, letting Dean know his complaints are going unheard. Dean snorts. "You believe that?"
Hodge-podge probably doesn't count. Dean goes a different route, like many'a bullshitter before him.
He'd never seen Cas with another man, anyway. And Cas would tell him if that was the case. He would.
Then something creeps up from behind. Dean spins, trigger finger trigger-happy, but he stops himself short at the last second.
As Sam finishes up in the kitchen and settles into the living room with the TV on, Dean drops back onto his bed and tries to ignore the crap feeling that's set up permanent camp inside him. Being a dick to Sam is, let's be honest here, a hobby as well as a pastime at this point, it's something he does for fun just to see how quickly he can genuinely piss him off. Good times. But that back there was Dean being an asshole for no damn good reason.
Dean eyes the lip of the glass with laser precision, where Cas's mouth has suctioned onto it several times already. There's a smudge.
Cas' fingers find then clench at the back of Dean's shirt sleeves, pulling the fabric tight. Dean wraps his own fingers, one hand's worth anyway, up the back of Cas' neck, angling him even more, and Cas makes a low, encouraging noise into it.
"Dean," he greeted back, taking that offered hand in his own. It was a good shake. There was definitely some mutual lingering before she pulled back.
"Hey, Cas, come get booze," Jess calls, waving a beer bottle at him in temptation. After another look at Dean that seems to want to confirm this is how they're going to play it, Cas takes off, just as Sam comes back into the room to hang up Anna's coat.
It doesn't take a genius to know Cas is referring to more than what happened three minutes ago. The other day's drama is still hanging around like it turned literal and draped itself from the ceiling.
"I hope so." He leans in conspiratorially. "See, I'm looking for a scrawny little guy. Kind of a runt, about yea high." He holds a hand mid-length up his chest, in no way indicative of Cas' real height, but the girl -- her name tag says
according to the caption -- looking happy with his arm around a beautiful woman. By all appearances, a perfect Ken and Barbie.
Sam's eyes on are on his again, sudden and sharp. "That whole... holy water/demon check? Dean, we don't do that anymore. For, like, years."
Three in the morning, without fail, Dean could hear Cas's TV through his bedroom wall. Some nights it was Animal Planet reruns, other times he binged on Cartoon Network, but most often it was infomercials. Tonight was that kind of night. Dean could hear the exaggerated soundtrack and canned laughter, and he rolled over in bed, staring daggers at their shared wall like
Four hours later, Dean's still grumbling when they pull up to the bar. He's passenger-seat bound, because no matter the amount of texting and asserting he did, she wouldn't budge.
With Cas still staring question marks at Dean, Sam asks, "How'd you know? That it wasn't Dean, I mean. Or, the right Dean, I guess."
Catching on, she laughs. "Honey, I meant settling. No offense to you over there, handsome," which is drawled at Cas. It solidifies Dean's earlier assessment, and for the craziest second of Dean's life, his brain whips up a visual of the three of them tangled on the motel bed together, naked and touching everywhere and doing unspeakable acts, before reality cuts through like a cold shower. "You seem hard to break in, is all."
"I'm just saying, don't make it so Cas thinks he's doing something wrong. You're going to psychologically damage the guy."
Which wasn't exactly supposed to be a blow-off -- more like the world's most unprofessional overshare -- but it was taken as one. The guy stared, apologized, stared some more, and then took off across the street where he's been camped out ever since. But not before jangling the key Dean had abandoned, unsticking the lock.
Cas likes to think that any time he softens his voice and pins Dean with his 'you're my best friend' eyes, Dean'll spill whatever's bugging him. And, yeah, so it works like 99% of the time, but Dean can't exactly fess up to his heart's big gay boner for him, now can he?
For a second Dean watches the little dots do their dance as Cas continues typing, but he must delete whatever he was going to say because it stops and nothing gets sent.
"Give me a damn break here," he called after him, anger making him reckless. Cas was still a man on the move, so Dean lurched forward and grabbed him around the bicep, jerking him back around his way. "What's your problem, man? Meg holding out on you? Funny, considering she's such a huge sl--"
Sam's still bubbling with excitement, moreso now that Dean's setting everything up and there's a whole open field for him to expend his energy in. He alternates between watching Dean arrange the fireworks and exploring the knee-high wilds that make up this stretch of grass.
It feels like the worst kind of punch to the stomach. To know Cas could've picked -- it doesn matter, because he
one on the block," Dean sets the record straight, because it's true. And bragging makes his skin crawl. "But, yeah. Enjoy."
They're hitting up the neighbor of vic number two, the unlucky bastard who happened to stumble upon Royce Kellington twenty-four hours past that dude's prime. Dean figures they're far enough off the grid that he can try the dress-up game, though Cas is in an unbuttoned blazer -- this grey number with pockets on the front and what looks, underneath that, suspiciously like one of Dean's old concert t-shirts, which is all kinds of wrong and giving off the exact opposite
Cas actually grows slightly wary of this instruction while Dean's pouring them each a shot's worth. Dean catches the look and tells him, "Hey, man, you don't have to--"
"Now go away," Cas says with his attention on the cards, and Dean snorts, unexpected as the sass is. If Cas is being a brat, to Sam of all people, it must mean he's feeling pretty okay.
Cas is still staring at Dean like what's going on now is beyond his comprehension level. It's familiar enough that Dean feels grounded by it, and he sits up, pulled to the edge of the bed. "I was a dick and you didn't do anything wrong." He makes himself hold Cas' gaze. "Capiche?"
There's a cassette on Dean's nightstand, when he finally makes it to his room. His and Cas' names are scrawled on it in Cas' handwriting, underlined twice, neat and written in Sharpie. As soon as he sees it, his stomach slinks clear down to his toes.
She raises her head and stares him down over the narrow line of her nose. "So, you had plans after all."
They'd cleared out the clutter in the room across from Dean's and gave it to him. Bought him new clothes, too, and fixed his meals, and gave Cas time to adjust.
A handful of minutes later they pull up to a small, two-story motel at the edge of town, the car's tires crunching over gravel before Dean cuts the engine. Only a few rooms seem to be occupied. Cas counts which ones have light at the edge of the curtains and which ones don't as Dean exits the car and grabs a duffel bag from the trunk.
"I'm alright, Dean. Nothing you need to worry about, unless you got any idea on how to legally keep a twenty-five-year old girl from leaving her mom's nest?"
"What?" Dean defends again. He gets a little snappier when that look changes into something more insulting. "
"Okay, but. What if this is a trick somehow, what if--" Fed up with Dean not actively listening to him, Sam cuts him off at the doorway.
Sam's not buying it for a second. In fact, he's putting two and two together, mind working stupidly fast. "He's who you're texting all the time. Isn't he?"
Dean holds up his hand with the wedding ring. "People need to see us together, so. Hope you're ready to get your gay on."
Dean's laughter bursts out quietly and briefly, but it still shakes the whole bed. "Man," he says, sounding fond, "even when you're not really you, you're still
Sam passed the holy water test and was fine with a squirt of Borax to his bodily parts, if not fleetingly pissy about that, so Dean knows this is really him. Or, well. Maybe not his Sam, not really, but it's not a monster wearing his brother as a meatsuit either, so at least he has that small comfort to keep his mind from fully going boom.
He's about to tack on an apology for physically mauling him twice in one night like some kinda directionally-challenged freak, with actual words and no embarrassing finger-guns this time please, but the guy is quicker than that.
Annoyed, Jo came right back in front of him, bracing her hands on the counter so she could get directly in his face. "Really? 'Cause Cas says otherwise, and me? I tend to believe the guy who's not an asshole."
Cas gives him a look that lets him know he finds Dean's enthusiasm baffling before leaving him to get his bearings while he unties their two victims.
Dean feels the heaviness of it too, but he bites out, “Alright, save the eulogy for my funeral,” which gets him twin glares from Sam and Cas both.
Things with Cas are cool, but that's the problem. They're trapped in this awkward limbo of prolonged eye contact and loaded conversations, but it never goes anywhere beyond Dean breaking out his sappiest of grins. That's his game right now. Like they skipped all the good stuff.
Dean shoves his cup into Sam's hand and grabs himself a new one, going through the previous motions. "You are way too sober right now. Drink up."
Cas is turned the other way, huddled from the cold, staring down at his phone. After a moment, he regroups and turns, then startles since Dean? Kinda right there.
“Nice scarf, Lenny Kravitz,” he teases, but his voice gives him away; it’s fond, just this side of tender.
Here is the problem with settling somewhere: when there's a haunt they need to shut down, they can't just dress up in monkey suits and flash fake IDs. Sam's like some freaky beloved member of the town, known by all. Ditto Cas.
"And such a little bitch," Dean marvels. He pats Cas on the back of the head as he goes, shying away from the retaliatory jab.
"I'll have something," Cas cuts in. Charlie shuts up immediately and Dean double-takes. "What are you having?" Cas asks her, already sounding regretful but clearly trying to trick himself into thinking this is a good idea.
Finding his voice, and his sarcasm, he huffs out, "Don't sound so disappointed. What, you lose a bet with Bobby or somethin'?"
Dean barely even notices when the front door swings open, even though it's Cas and he's saying Dean's name. Dean staggers down the last two steps, then turns on his heel, nuking every last damn emotion, and makes a swift exit, his boots crunching over their rocky driveway, Cas still calling after him.
"What are you, Oprah? Just because you subscribe to her magazine doesn't mean you can psychobabble me like you've got
Cas's whole body language closes off entirely. Not that he was Mr. Open Personality to begin with. Realizing that was the wrong thing to say, Dean scoots to the edge of his chair, ignoring the squeaks.
"C'mon," he says. "You're not mentally spooning the guy, fine. Prove it. Bring him the hot chocolate as -- I don't know, call it a gesture of kindness. You know, a way to thank him for doing what he does, from our business to him."
," Dean repeats with enough judgment that it's practically dripping from his words. Who the hell'd fake a job interview as a prank?
Having shed his coat and kicked off his shoes, Cas wandered back into the main room. "Are you drunk?"
Jo took it upon herself to slip into Dean's side of the booth, forcing him to scoot against the wall. The longing look Benny cast Jo's way had Dean feeling smug for the half-second it took Jo to start pestering him with questions.
"Zip it," he warns Cas before Cas can do anything, like question whether or not Dean's actually sane right now. They are definitely not dancing around any
"Dean," Sam whines, tossing in the towel. "God, man, what the hell's wrong with you? You stare at that guy every day--"
"Okay. And do what?" Dean winds up taking his frustration -- all that helplessness -- out on Sam. It's not fair, but, hey, what are brothers for. "Garden? Work with Cas at the damn pet store?"
They never last more than a few hours, and most times they don't actually go anywhere, but Dean is more than happy to waste the gas money because it means cruising the highways with his baby and his best friend.
Dean tries to meet Cas's eyes to warn him to be careful, but Cas is looking determinedly ahead, in smiting, ex-angel of the lord mode.
"Oh, look," he cracks when Dean comes in glaring, annoyed at the audacity of both the sun to be shining through the sink window and Sam's chipper mood, "he lives."
That was a stupid question. Dean didn't even have a beer out in front of him. "Are you?" he slung back.
"Oh," she said. Which was when Dean actually looked up and, well. Insert a cliche meet-cute here. The girl was gorgeous, and Dean? Who had not so much as bad-touched himself since the whole Cas fiasco, lest he accidentally triggered whatever'd been tripped in the first place? He pretty much fell in lust on the spot.
This time there's no shared school year to drag them back together, there's no more childhood tether that makes them Dean-and-Cas.
"Lucky me," Dean quips, dodging Sam's grabby hands, right around the same time Cas comes back with an arm full of towels. And thank god for that, too, because the smell was getting to him.
He sways so he's bumping elbows with Cas, on purpose. "What do you say we assist ourselves a little bit longer?"
Dean considers slapping it away, purely on principle, but. He's pretty thirsty. Abandoning the fridge, Dean grabs the juice with a begrudgingly appreciative grunt and plants himself against a nearby countertop. He takes a sip.
The world's still spinning, so Dean supposes Sam must've. Obviously he must have. No demons, no angels. Whatever they did, they did it right. Or Sam did. Dean's not about to say he's fine with that, because, successful completion of trials or not, the idea of Sam taking on something as huge as closing the Gates of Hell,
Calm enough to be threatening, Dean says, "I got thrown down the friggin' rabbit hole so you dicks could teach a
Dean swears he can hear the eye roll through the line. "Good. You and, ah, the other Mr. Winchester have any luck?"
Eventually it's too uncomfortable to ignore, and that's when Cas zips himself back up and slides to his side of the car. He pulls on his seatbelt while Dean rifles through the glove compartment for a napkin. Not that the one he finds will even do anything. The stains on his shirt are already dry, and the less said about the situation in his pants, the better.
"Chinese?" Dean holds up a paper menu to a place called General Tao, then another for something called Papa Gino's. "Or pizza?" Cas's stomach growls audibly, and that makes Dean huff out a dry laugh. "Pizza it is."
He pauses in the doorway for Cas to follow him in, and Cas does, right on his heels. The second the door shuts, though, Cas is shoving him right back into it. Dean manages to turn so it's his back that lands against the wood, but he still hits it so hard and so solidly there's a loud, bodily thud to chase the slamming noise. Dean winces and waits to hear for Sam stomping up the stairs to investigate the sound, but Cas pushes into Dean and Dean stops caring about anything else.
"You wanna run that whole 'retired' thing by me one more time? What the hell, since when don't we hunt?" he asks. Well, less asks and more outright demands an explanation, and it better be a good one too. "We always hunt! We're hunters, Sam. It's what we do!"
They kiss again, but it's soft. Gun to his head, Dean might even call it tender. That slowed down mood breaks though as soon as Dean grabs two fistfuls of Cas' ass and humps into him from below. "Since we were kids, huh? You perv."
“No, like, biblically,” Dean presses, gesturing between him and Cas. For emphasis, he laces their hands together and holds it up for Sam to see.
"If I had a choice," Cas says, and he's just as serious as before, but now he's scuffing his shoes on the ground, staring at his feet. He looks up to tell Dean, "I'd stay."
"This? Is a nightmare," Dean complains to both his brother and the generic-looking lady's sweater he's holding up. How do you shop for that special someone in your life who's on the verge of breaking up with you? What's the best Christmas gift to say, '
"He made a deal with the Empty." Dean's eyes fall shut at the admission, all the fight knocked clean out of him. "He got himself cursed. Made some dumbass bargain that if he felt a moment of happiness, it'd come for him."
Cas isn't around for day thirteen, but Dean sees him through the window. He's across the street, holding out his stupid box and asking for donations.
He trails off abruptly, with an embarrassment that changes the mood in the car. Changes some other things, too, but they're pulling into Dean's apartment complex now.
this chick. How the hell did he get by without explaining their entire freaking life to her? "Okay," he agrees finally. What else is there to do?
Dean's blown him enough times that Cas' stamina is up there near Dean's own, but you wouldn't know that now by the way Cas is keeping his thrusts tense and tight like if he goes any harder, this'll all be over too soon. His jaw is clenched and his eyes have gone glossy, too, and maybe the problem here is Dean. Maybe Cas requires more from a partner than a stiff, nonparticipating body to jam his junk into. Go figure.
Probably it made him a coward, but Dean chuckled weakly. "Yeah," he agreed, swallowing when Cas visibly wilted. "So."
The djinn senses them the second it happens. It bolts to its feet and rounds on them, halting them both. Cas is halfway to the handcuffed guy. Dean is ten feet from the freaky Crypt Keeper over there.
Crystal's still at the bar talking to a man with an awesome mustache when they head out, some four hours and two more rounds later. She smirks at them as they pass, and it grows bigger when Dean wraps his arm around Cas's shoulders and leads the way.
Dean spears a piece of that cantaloupe and shoves it in his mouth. "What?" he says, of Cas's staring. "Eat your food."
Cas has summoned a lighter from his pocket, that he flicks open and wastes zero time producing a flame with. He holds the book out and lights it on fire.
"He's not as nice as Mr. Balthazar. Mr. Balthazar teaches world history, but he's always talking about orgies--"
Tucked away at the very edge of town, far enough out that the only people who ever show up are locals, Dean's second home is an ordinary bar run by one hell of an extraordinary woman named Ellen Harvelle. Dean pretty much inherited the place with the family name; the Harvelles and the Winchesters go way back on Dean's dad's side, friends for so long they're practically blood by now.
Soon he's rolled over, pressing his hips into the mattress. There's, like, zero friction happening, but in his brain Cas is making out with one of those busty beauties and even though it sends a possessive flare coursing angrily through him, something else chases that feeling, something darker, dirtier. Wrong. But, god, so right, and Dean's pretty sure he can come from this alone, from humping his friggin' bedsheets.
He pulls the gas nozzle out of the tank and puts it back real aggressively. He yanks open the driver side door, dropping into the seat with a glare at Cas who can't even see it because, of course, Cas is staring out the window people-watching.
"'Cause otherwise you've been lying to me this whole time. What the hell, Cas, I thought you weren't riding that crazy train?"
Cas joins him, arranging himself beside Dean. Their legs spill out almost the entire length of the tiny ass cot Bobby's never got around to upgrading. Dean remembers him and Cas like this three years ago, five years ago; longer.
"I wanted to be right about Metatron," Cas tells him, dropping it like a confession and a weakness and a burden all wrapped in one.
So she says. Dean doesn't trust that gleam in her eyes. It's the same one he gets when his Busty Asian Beauties subscription comes in.
Like the universe itself is stepping in to intervene and save him from brother-related shame, there is suddenly a relevantly aged woman in front of him who comes bouncing to a stop.
Dean nearly trips over a rug. He recovers with a chuckle, only it's forced as hell and awkward. "Okie-dokie," comes out of his mouth, which is humiliating enough, but it sounds stilted.
Dean swipes out a hand to cut off that line of conversational torture, like it's all no big deal and also can Sam please shut up already. "Already forgotten. Or emotionally repressed. Whichever."
"Cas needed a birthday," Sam starts trying to explain, full of logic and reason, but Dean isn't having any of that.
It's only 'cause it's Bobby that Dean doesn't bite back, as is his nature when it comes to defending his brother. Bobby pretty much raised them both so he's got parental ribbing rights.
"Pfft. Like he'd even fit in a rug." Dean holds a hand high above his head, like it ain't already obvious. "Tall," he explains.
Bobby slides his hand up to cup Dean's jaw, and he holds onto him like that with a look of such sadness, it physically hurts. "Cas is a good kid," Bobby says softly. "That's all I'm saying." He pats Dean's cheek twice, staring a beat longer, and then finally gets up.
"I've never 'creeped' on anyone before," Cas defends with actual, honest-to-god air quotes. "And hello, Sam."
"Do you see, Castiel?" Naomi moves in close. "Do you see what faith in this man brings you? It is only pain. Here in Heaven you will atone for your sins. For the thousands you have slain."
Probably Sam doesn't mean that personally, but it's exactly how Dean takes it. After all, they've had this same fight nearly half their lives. Repairman is just the newest act of rebellion, though they've flown through them all it seems -- working at the movie theater in the town their dad took down a wendigo in, bagging groceries where there was that nest of vamps, Stanford. Sam's always been looking for a way out.
"So lucky. You've got yourself one of the good ones," she tells him with some scary intense-type emotions. "Castiel is so good," she says, holding back a sob. "Love is good."
All of a sudden the lights zap on and off and Cas gets flung to the other side of the house. Dean shouts, "Cas!" as Cas crumples against the wall.
Pointedly wielding the spatula, Dean flattens one of the burger patties; grease sizzles like it's taking it personal, spitting hot oil off the skillet. "I'm busy," he grunts.
Cas backs off until him and Sam have met a good, solid thirty feet from where Dean's dropping so that the meat of his knees touch gravel. He leans forward, lighting a fuse, then jolts back up to his feet, expecting one hell of a show, but it winds up being a crummy fountain.
Cas lifts his gaze and eyes the lifeline Dean's offering. There's another split second where Dean feels a roll of uneasiness. He might just have to drag the bastard out with him. But then Cas lobs his hand at Dean and grabs ahold of his wrist and all Dean's thinking then is
"Seriously, that was epic levels of failure. I haven't seen a fail that bad since JRo fessed to the whole internet that Hermione should've endgamed with Harry. I mean, duh, preaching to the I-told-you-so here, but talk about a viral meltdown."
Over her shoulder, Cas shoots Dean a helpless, embarrassed look, accepting the burst of his physical bubble with some seriously stiff arms that he keeps hung at his sides.
weird. Dean doesn't know what he was expecting, but Cas plopping onto the couch beside him isn't it.
She's not his usual type. That's his first thought. He likes that she's got a weird sense of humor and her hair is this bad-ass color of red that makes him want to, like, perch on a mound of skulls stacked in a river of blood, but she's not setting off the down-below fireworks. Or any fireworks, really, except for some minor sparklers celebrating the fact that he was right, suck on that, Sammy; cute women definitely do work here.
When he trails off, Dean meets his eyes without hiding a single damn thing. Sam's always been smart; he gets it in one.
Okay, that was like the third flirty text of the night. Dean's not going crazy here, Cas is definitely starting to lay it on thick. Not that Dean minds, or is going to acknowledge not minding ever again.
That first inch makes Dean's pulse jump, and it's just the tip. Which is something that makes him laugh in his head, because, phrasing. But then coherent thought clears out like a bomb set off and destroyed everything.
The food's pretty damn good and Dean finds himself enjoying the quiet presence of Cas at his side, even if he steals fries off Dean's plate without asking.
Jo was the one he found out from, one evening after work. He was at the Roadhouse, for the ambiance, just digging into one of Ellen's godsent burgers when Jo planted herself across the bar counter and stared.
"I don't hate you, Cas. You're my best friend. Now brush your damn teeth and get in bed before I change my mind."
Sam laughs. It's a small, careful sound, meaning he's tiptoeing his way around Dean's crazy. "You okay, man? You look--" He derails that to instead marvel, "Where the hell did you even
Dean didn't even know what the big deal was. They had lunch with Meg all of... okay, never. Point, but Meg was scary and Lisa was awesome. And it wasn't like Cas had never hung out with any of the girls Dean had liked before. And this was new, who knew where it could lead, but it wasn't going to go anywhere at all if Cas was a bitch about it right off the bat.
Dean's arms give out. He collapses on top of Cas with Cas still lightly fondling him through the last of it, sweat beading at his hairline. Cas kisses his jaw again, and Dean pushes into it until their mouths line up, and then they're kissing properly.
Times like this, Dean genuinely forgot Bobby was as much of a father as his real one and saw him only as the guy who could fire his ass if he wasn't careful. At the very least, he'd rip him a new one, and that was just as bad.
Cas, afterward, loosens up. He learns how to float and spends the rest of their time in the pool on his back, arms fanned out, watching the clouds.
"I've sat beside you resting before," Cas answers. It's a reminder that's given reasonably, like there ain't a single thing wrong that.
"Um?" The guy walks off warily. For sure those drinks are being abandoned onto the nearest table, but that is somebody else's problem now.
They wind up at the library, sorting through periodicals and obits. It's time consuming, but in a roundabout way, it almost feels normal. Like the old times, before Purgatory, before the angels, before Ruby and Yellow Eyes and Bobby and everything else. Like how they managed some of their very first cases back when they were barely more than kids.
It takes Cas a second before he remembers what Dean asked. He pokes very carefully at a strawberry, not meeting Dean's gaze again. "Aren't we already in town?"
Dean slides a leg between Cas', aware now, more than ever, of their different states of dress. Cas is clad only in a pair of boxers, stripped so because of the fever, whereas Dean's in his jeans and t-shirt still.
Dean and Cas are doing some deepening of their own relationship. And, god, okay, that is a terrible joke. But after almost two months of jerking and sucking each other off, here they finally are, both of them eager to take things to that next level.
Sam looks over with a groan and the saddest glower ever. "Right now, I don't know that I can manage. How do you do this more than once?"
Dean snatched Jo by the sleeve, stopping her in her mocking effort to leave the booth. Pleased that her manipulations had worked, she sank back beside Dean and grinned.
Cas says, "It's far more likely your body will be ravaged by maggots," and everyone stares. He adds, "They've never shown a preference for pork, by the way."
Dean looks too, turning to see Cas huddled over the toilet like he's just been sick. His hair is mussed, his cheeks are red, and he's still got that sex-high glaze to his eyes that could, Dean's realizing all of a sudden, be mistaken for a fever. All Dean sees is a Cas that looks like he was well on his way to a thoroughly given orgasm, but it fools Bobby. At least, he thinks it does.
The chair creaks again and Bobby says, "What's the latest? And remind me again why you're here and he ain't?"
They kiss again, harder and desperate, Cas no longer just holding on but rubbing his hands down Dean's back until he has a solid hold of his ass. He uses that grip to keep Dean close while he thrusts up into him, and when Cas's erection drags against Dean's, they both break away to groan.
"Dean," Sam sighs, his weekly realization that Dean reacts to being backed into a feelings-corner about as well as a caged bear. Meaning, he's grouchy and nearing the point where he starts swiping his paws to fend off the attack. "All I'm saying is, I don't care. Okay? Cas is cool. And I know, ever since Lisa and Ben--"
He wants to say 'if only you knew, man.' He wants to tell him there's more to it than that, that it’s the closest to being good he's felt in a long time.
He shouts, "We gotta go!" at Cas from the two or so feet away that he is, stretching his arm out as far as he can manage. Cas wearily raises his head and eyes the lifeline Dean's offering. For long, terrible seconds the world stills and Dean stops hearing the wind and everything whites out around him while Cas seems to consider whether or not he's going to let himself be led out of here -- out of Purgatory, which has wound up being one sucky vacation spot.
Dean turns to his side, his hands sliding up underneath his pillow. His face is soft. Open. "What's up?"
"Hi, Sam," Cas says back, friendly about it. The vibes and the liquor, probably. Dean starts smiling, feeling a warmth travel through his chest he didn't even feel with the whiskey because he was too busy watching the way Cas's throat worked--
"To, what? Join the mud-monkies?" Dean hesitantly drops down beside him, still staring, though now he's got a profile view. This close, he can see Cas is sporting a five o'clock shadow. It's nothing like it was down in Purgatory, but it's still more sloppy than anything he ever wore as an angel. "Why would you do that, Cas?"
The serious-eyed stares from both ladies cuts off whatever argument he was going to try and distract with.
Castiel's ripped paper is still right there on the table when Dean gets up. He should throw it away. Well, recycle. Responsible adult here.
Cas is still staring when the older woman comes up beside them, taking out a pad of paper from her apron and a pen from behind her ear. She eyes Cas curiously, because he’s a weird dude, but asks Dean, “What can I get for you boys?”
Dean straight up chokes on his own saliva, painfully, distractingly aware of just how suggestive it sounds out of Cas's mouth.
"Okay." He goes for casual, though there's a hoarseness he can't cover up that's a dead giveaway. "About?"
Of course, the last time Dean was set down and left five years into the future, he'd woken up to the actual end of days, so. This is almost a trade-up. At least there aren't any Croats. Unless there are Croats.
Cas, awesome Cas, makes a noise in the back of his throat that calls their attention back to their initial conversation. "Perhaps that's why he took his own life. You said you found him?"
Dean, when he laughed, was surprised to find it bursting out of him genuinely. He liked the look she gave him when she heard it, like she was just as surprised by its honesty.
Dean, again, feels close to spilling, feels the urge to mend things and have Cas home, screw the consequences, feels it like a ticking time bomb.
Cas' smile is small and gentle and just this side of affectionate. "Of course. Though, maybe it'd be best to give Dean another few minutes to wake up first." The conspiratorial look they exchange seems to suggest Dean's some sort of cranky riser, but, please, compared to Cas? Dean's a frickin' peach.
Dean scoots down, forcing Cas to grasp at his shoulders when he leans forward and all of a sudden sucks the tip of Cas' dick into his mouth. It makes Cas buck forward, his dick slipping out and bumping Dean's cheek instead. It smears wetly against his jaw, and Cas groans at that, his fingers grappling to hold on.
Sam lost a little of his righteousness at the reminder of that. "So, okay, she's a little manipulative too."
Because, right. It's not like Castiel could do his angel-thing and sense the really-real Dean within or anything.
"I barely cared," he agrees, and they both know by the warble that's a damn lie. All of a sudden, he can't hold it in anymore. He blurts, breathless, "Did you mean it, Cas?"
know who Amelia is has to curb his staring. Because he is doing that, a lot. The staring. It's just, Sam and Amelia are sitting beside one another at the kitchen table, folded together like two pieces of a puzzle. They finish each others sentences. They share smiles. They have jokes.
Dean catches the directional gesturing of Gabriel's nod and heads back that way. His latte's on the counter, so he swipes it and moves further down, opting to sit at whatever the coffee shop equivalent of a bar is than find a table or, god help him, couch.
Cas is glaring too from his spot sprawled out beside Dean, chest heaving. He looks as pissed as he was the one and only time Dean got stupid-drunk at a party and drove himself home. Cas had socked him in the jaw and called him selfish for that, and they didn't talk for almost two weeks after.
Which is all the time it takes for Castiel to come skulking out of the back offices just as Charlie's finishing the tour.
The house's back door swings open. Dean nearly trips over himself trying to scramble out of view, but something stops him cold.
Because old Cas, angel Cas, was crap when it came to lying. Right. Dean grits his teeth, gripping the steering wheel harder. "Good."
Cas' face goes completely wrecked for a second. And then he closes his eyes and breathes out heavily. Dean's heart does a couple of drunken somersaults in his chest. But Cas just opens his eyes without making a big deal out of it and stares at the stars again, only there's a new sort of calm to him.
Sam glares at him through the curtain of fabric, and Dean heads off feeling much happier with the world.
"Hey, Castiel," he greets somewhat slowly, passing a look between Cas and Dean both like he's solving a math problem.
"You keep--" Sam stops and pauses long enough to meet Dean's eyes, tucking his hands up under his arms. He stares at Dean like Dean's some awesome new specimen he's poking at under a microscope. "You don't know who I am." And that is less of a question and more of a realization.
He starts to type something and stops, knowing that, if Cas is staring at his phone, he'll know Dean's chickening out. That's fine. He's not in the mood for whatever's going to happen here. There are needles driving into his skull right now and every exhale he's that much closer to vomiting.
Easier said than done. But already Dean can feel his walls going back up, defenses back in place. This future isn't even real. Who cares who hates him in it. More power to them.
Dean's not drunk, but by the time they get home, he is buzzed, pleasantly so, alcohol slowing everything down for him in a way he's always liked. It's as if the world seems lighter, or maybe that's just the weight on his shoulders. All of it just... lifted, gone. For a little while, anyway. Bizarro town, sketchy ghost? Who cares.
Cas is shooting Dean this look that's equal parts 'Charlie is hilarious' and 'Dean, you need to be a responsible adult, let me frown my disappointment at you.' Cool. Just what he needs on top of everything else.
"Baby," Dean accuses, but he hefts the djinn up his arms a little so he's got it beneath the pits. Cas is right, the thing stinks.
Cas let go of Dean so that they could feel each other, so that it was skin on skin, and Dean was pretty sure he was going to explode one way or another because nothing had ever felt this good before.
Not that he isn't enjoying spending most of his every waking hour with Cas, especially with the things -- and, um, body parts -- they inevitably get up to, but there's nothing that drives Dean up a wall faster than stagnancy and repetition. Save maybe Sam's gassy response to burritos.
And now, all these years later, Cas was a permanent part of the Winchester household, all thanks to his bitch of an older brother.
He should've just texted Lisa. They'd laugh, she'd tell him to quit leading people on and text the poor guy before he thought he was being blown off by some douchebag dudebro. Dean would've invited her over. Now, like this, it feels like he's making something out of nothing.
gives Dean the hives. He's never been good at sharing, and he's not about to start now, and that it's his brother he's referring to and not a plate full of pie is something he's repressing and ignoring.
Cas glances at him, sees the reflected light in his eyes, and feels a dip in his stomach. He stares again at the ceiling. "Sheep. They service in sleep aide somehow. I haven't figured it out."
"Please," he says, "Dean. Please, please, yes," this mindless babble, and Dean starts jacking him off in earnest, precome easing the way. Cas' other hand comes up and tangles in Dean's hair, and Dean drops forward, mouthing at the head of Cas' dick every time Cas' thrusts brings him close enough.
"So," Charlie says, diabolically. Dean's too absorbed in judging Sam's other playlists (running jams, Sam? Seriously?) to realize he's walked straight into a trap. "Castiel seems cool."
Dean palmed his jaw roughly. He felt his face growing hot, partially because this whole damn thing was embarrassing, he felt like a friggin' teenybopper arguing over dreamiest douchebag, but also? He was pissed. He liked to think they were friends enough that instead of stewing, Cas would tell him straight up if there was a problem. Apparently not.
It seems cruel, Cas thinks, to have the question posed as if he has a choice here. As if he can actually go where he wants, which is safe in the bunker with its abundance of food and clothes and shower stalls. And Sam and Dean. Of course.
Dean hangs up and pockets his phone. "'Least we know who's bones to torch. Turns out crazy cat-lady had nine lives after all."
Ten minutes after Dean fell a little bit in love with her, all on the merit of her clearly awesome taste, she's leading him around the store that, now that he's in here as an actual employee, he's feeling super overwhelmed by.
The thing with Lisa is eating at him. That's one thing. He never delved any deeper to figure out what his drunken phone calls might've been about, and that's got him feeling like he's walking on uneven ground. Like any second they're gonna give each other the 'it's not me, it's you' speech, and he wouldn't be so scared of that happening if he wasn't feeling so sick of himself lately. He's not a great person. He doesn't need that validated right now.
Cas gets to his elbows; he fits his hand between them--Dean has to pull back and brace all his weight on his forearms for that to happen--and gets it down the front of Dean's pants. Then his fingers are wrapped around Dean's dick, stroking, fisting him tight, so so so good sparks are going off in his brain.
Sam shifts his way. Dean feels his stare, feels the weight of the words he's trying to come up with to say.
He books it for his room, feeling nostalgic in a strange way, and amused for obvious reasons. It's been so long since Sam needed to be taken care of like that. It felt almost like old times for a hot second there.
Outside of the first four years of his life, the longest stretch of time Dean's spent with his dad was third grade through seventh. Not the whole time, but John Winchester, those years, suddenly remembered he was a father and attempted to do something about it.
Sam does not miss Dean's leer. He turns away, shielding himself like they’re gonna get it on right then and there. “You guys, no. C’mon. We need to establish some courtesy rules—”
Dean tenses anew, but Sam just claps him on the shoulder for some brotherly reassurance before giving him a last, long look, slipping back out of the room, shutting the door behind him.
To the ceiling, Dean silently doles out his frustration and kinda hopes God actually is around and listening, because his kid? Is a socially awkward freak.
Dean gives Sam's shoulders a good shake, leers at old what's-her-face for the hell of it, and then high tails it for the restroom.
Luckily no one is around to bitch him out, and he almost gets away with it, but then. Throat clearing.
Castiel came first, and with him, dinner invitations at John and Mary's so Naomi could get a break off her feet. Dean came along six months later, which meant backyard cookouts and actual playdates.
"You as well." Cas finally tears his eyes off of Dean, to meet Bobby's. "And, yes, you've seen me across the street as a volunteer. Except, what you and Dean keep getting wrong is that I'm not ringing any bell."
"Nah. I mean, they gotta appreciate you're doing what you like, right? Mom's and dad's eat that up. It's like, parental sustenance."
"Anyway," Cas says. He exhales it out in a way that's meant to clear the tension in the room. "Sam was right. You should get clean. That," he says -- he's eying the crust of dirt Dean's still wearing, and Dean only just now feels it, "can't be comfortable.
"Seriously, I will leave your ass here!" Dean shouts, slamming the bathroom door shut behind him. It muffles the sound of Sam's laughter but not his own traitorous heart.
Dean shuts his bedroom door on whatever 'I care about you, let's share our feelings' talk Sam was hoping to sit down, hold hands, and dredge up.
Cas just keeps up with the wordless invitation. Then he starts hacking up a lung, hit with a coughing fit, and Dean scowls.
"Plus," she adds, "you could use a night out too and you know it. When's the last time you left the bedroom?"
Benny threw Dean a help-me-out-here glance, though he was wry about it, like Cas was nothing more than a fly that had started buzzing near his plate. "Hey, brother, mind puttin' the leash back on this one?"
Knowing that he nailed it, Dean carries on. "Seriously, get a few beers in you and you type like a tween girl."
"Nice place," he says once he's close enough, just him and Cas in an aisle of dog food. It's all bulk-sized, practically making towers of it.
Cas quirks his head at him. It's like he wasn't expecting that answer, which is nuts because why else ask it? "Why?"
A few minutes later, Cas returns, heaving out this satisfied exhale that's verging on a groan as he sips and sits.
Dean considers bluffing his ignorance, but, again, Sam hones in on that shit like he gets off doing it. And besides, when Dean looks over to bust Sam's nuts for caring so much, he sees that Sam really does seem genuinely upset. Dean's a dick, but he's not
Dean's in a mindfuck from hell. Who cares how much he reeks. When he doesn't get up or move or otherwise acknowledge Sam's attempts to herd him towards a bathroom, Sam lets out a long-suffering sigh.
He makes a big show of logging himself out, punching his password in real pointedly. It takes half a second, literally half a friggin' second, and when he's done, he looks at Castiel with his facial muscles contorted enough to convey 'that good enough, you asshat?'
Dean lifts so he's on his hands and knees, the shift in weight making both the mattress dip and him sink closer. He hooks a couple fingers around the tie Cas is wearing and tugs.
Dean holds out the cup. "Here ya go." Instead of immediately taking it, Cas just stares. Like this is a test. Like Dean's forcing something here. Dean feels his bravado get kicked swiftly in the balls. Floundering, he hardens his voice and says, "You looked like you needed it. Okay? I wasn't creeping."
It takes Dean a second, but then he catches on. His face is practically flaming at the implication. "His name, it's Castiel. Friggin' angel of Thursday, and cheeseburgers, or whatever."
Some eight seconds later, a guy comes up to say, "Hi," from right beside Dean, startling him out of his attempt at blending in with the wall. So much for that.
A vague, fleeting prayer flits through his head, that this thing leads to where he hopes like hell it's leading.
Dean's arm strains from holding the cup out, but, eventually, it's taken. Who knows why, but what he feels most, in that moment, is relief. Probably because one million bucks says Sam's watching through the window like a friggin' creep, and this way Dean gets to saunter back with an 'I told you so.'
"Alright," Dean says with some gruffness he doesn't mean, "this is startin' to feel a little too Hallmark for me." With a cringe, "I feel like I'm gonna look down and be wearing a cable knit sweater, holding a latte."
Dean lands on top with an oomph, about as graceful as a sack of potatoes. It's jarring, but he's still straddling Cas, whose legs hang loosely off the edge, so what does he care.
He lets that hang there like a thrown punch before finally heading over to deal with a customer who's been eyeballing them the past five minutes to get their attention.
“Hey,” Dean greets with a question mark in his voice. His eyes skip over to Cas, who seems pre-panic.
Him and Benny have known each other long enough that they tend to converse in disgruntled grunts and incomplete sentences. Benny's been bartending for Ellen since before Dean was old enough to drink. Their friendship just sort of happened naturally with little effort on either of their parts. (And, okay, eighteen-year-old Dean might've had a crush on him. But that definitely went away a long time ago, and at the time, he considered it more hero worship than anything. Benny was cool, especially back then. Dude had a Louisianian accent Kansas has since pretty much squashed right out of him.)
"A superficial creep, too, so how long do you think you're gonna last when you're working with girls who are cute but, you know, average-looking? Normal?"
Dean claps Sam on the back roughly. "Sam's been having a hard time sleeping through the night lately, haven't you, buddy? Come on. You have. He has," he tells her with a second, harder slap to Sam's back. Sam grunts, air knocked out of him. His mouth thins into a line.
A five dollar bill gets slid across the counter. Dean grabs it right as it's being let go of, so they almost, but don't, brush fingers, and of course Dean's brain decides to react to that like he's a fifteen-year-old girl at a Jonas Brothers concert. His thought process basically resembles a giant, bouncing exclamation point, and he can't even figure out why.
Dean scratches the back of his neck, uncomfortably aware that he's wearing nothing but a towel. Though, thankfully the sudden terror has nuked his boner entirely. "Bobby. Hi. Hey. We were just--"
Cas follows Dean into a room on the second floor that's already been paid for, the air conditioner attached to its window sputtering nosily as they enter. Dean discards the 'do not disturb' sign that'd hung on the door by flinging it carelessly in the direction of the TV while Cas hangs back and tries to feel as comfortable as Dean clearly feels.
Sensing Dean's unwillingness to talk about his feelings, Cas got up. "I'll see you at home," he said, lingering just in case Dean protested his leaving. When he didn't, he shuffled off to gather up Meg, and the two of them left without a backwards glance, which hurt way more than it should've.
When he opens the door, Cas follows. Only Dean stops and slams it shut before either can exit. He spins back around, agitated, giving Cas no time to ask questions.
She clutches her purse to her chest like Dean's intention all along was to rob her, tsking at him with a scowl that conveys she won't stand for any tomfoolery. Dean's victory swan dives, swooping straight into chagrin.
She's led him to a curtained entrance near the back, where she stops and thwacks him on the shoulder, hard enough to make him trip half a step forward.
Dean swears under his breath, a long groan of, "Fuck," that he emphasizes by doing just that to Cas's hand. It's hot and clammy and almost so dry it hurts, and Dean's sweatpants are still in the way, but fuck if that isn't doing it for him.
Without breaking their kiss, Dean reaches blindly for the doorknob. It takes him a few swipes but eventually he finds it and locks it. Then he pushes off and gets them headed for his bed, both his hands wrapped around Cas' face again.
There are shelves of that hodge-podge stuff that Charlie tells him is actually called Modge Podge, but what the fuck ever, as far as Dean's concerned it's over-priced glue.
Dean shifted guiltily under the reminder of just how many times Bobby'd had to bail him out. More times than he deserved, anyway. He scratched the back of his neck, looking anywhere but at the hard gaze Bobby was laying into him with. "No, sir."
Dean's blood runs icy cold. Or else he's having some sort of anger-related stroke, because all of a sudden his fist is clenching and his jaw's gone tight and everything is tense around them, crackling with an energy that sure as hell ain't work-friendly.
Hoarse, Dean says, “Yeah,” and then he feels the truth bubbling up to the surface, wanting to claw its way out of him. He sets his beer aside, raking his hand down his face. “Cas…”
Cas is hauling himself off the stool, which untangles them. Her arm drops away and Cas says, “I think there’s been a mistake here. That wasn’t our intention. Dean, can we--?”
. Dean doesn't get how Cas can read it as often as he does, but he likes the familiarity and routine of it enough to keep quiet about it.
"Dorothy. What a babe," Charlie sighs out dreamily. She perks right up. "We bonded when you ditched me. She likes motorcycles." Like that seals it.
It's weird to watch Cas move around the place like he's never been comfier. Weird, too, to share a roof with the guy and not have him poofing off for angel business every half hour.
Suddenly the space behind Cas ripples. The ghost manifests completely, showing itself. About damn time too. Dean raises his shotgun to blast it into a temporary oblivion but it's quicker than him, shoving a non-corporeal hand straight through Cas' back and out his chest. All Dean has time to see is Cas' wide, fearful eyes before Cas is being chucked clear across the room again. He goes down hard, slumping in front of that broken window.
Cas has his own car, but it's this crappy Honda Civic that Dean is going to never, ever be okay with. It was made in the 90's. Just, no.
Cas just sticks their menus into the slot between the napkin dispenser and salt and pepper shakers. Neither of them have even touched their drinks. "Dean's a mechanic," he says pointedly.
"How do you want to go about this?" he asks once they're parked at the curb across the street, the car turned off.
Cas met Dean's eyes directly. He held the stare a long time before saying anything at all. "I still say it's unwise."
But Dean was a man used to heavy emotional repression, and Cas was a guy used to getting dragged under Dean's emotional undertow, so the awkwardness was ignored and life, well. Life carried on.
"Thanks, Dean," Sam says to him once the pressure eases off and Dean doesn't feel so much like his ribcage is declaring mutiny, softly, so no one else hears. This time he doesn't knock the hand off his shoulder, but he does, some time later, stick a note on his back that says 'I love Justin Bieber.'
"Darn. Craft project with my nieces," she explains with an eye roll. "We're making felt dolls for something called, uh, 1D?" She pitches the last part at him like he might have some friggin' clue what it is.
Dean scratches the back of his neck when he does, embarrassed, even though, honestly, it's nothing, it's just a couple of blank --
Only a couple blocks from that mini business stretch, they pull into the nearest, and cheapest-looking, motel. Dean eases into a parking space and cuts the engine.
Breaking their kiss, he sits up and barely even notices Cas trying to follow after him because holy actual christ, that's Cas' very hard dick nudged between his ass. His jeans-covered ass, but still.
"Oh, sure. You just normally tiptoe around guys you don't have secret lust-eyes for. Please. You look at him, he looks at you, you look away. He keeps looking."
Dean flops onto the bed and falls to his back immediately, closing his eyes to his sudden exhaustion.
Dean lets Cas' dick nudge the side of his face while he curls his fingers through Cas' belt loop and yanks. It takes Cas a minute to get on the same page, but then he's lifting his hips up, letting Dean sit up to pull Cas' pants down his legs. They fall to the floor at the same time that Dean returns to his previous spot, only this time it's better because he lands in between Cas' legs, wedged in with Cas' hairy knees on either side of him.
He leans into Cas, talking out the side of his mouth. "You look for whoever stands out. Our guy's hunting in twos, so focus on groups of three."
Cas, on the other hand, had to move piles of books from the passenger seat before Dean could even sit down, and there are a few more he left near Dean's feet.
Cas goes up to the tree and starts thumping his open hands against it. It doesn't collapse on top of him like they're both genuinely expecting it to, so Cas curls his hand around the bark and smiles at Dean. "Want to?"
Dean snorts, but he's catching the tiredness in Cas's voice. Softly, he tells him, "Hey. It's only two days."
? stare, "not, like, grab ankle and take it, obviously, but. It seems like this is out of your hands."
Dean forces out a nonchalant, "Yeah, well, Tolk's doing good," like that's what Cas is talking about.
Cas huffed at him, but the corners of his mouth, just a little, turned into a smile. "She's not evil. She's... thorny."
Dean barks the rest of their order into the phone and ends the call. Cas hears the mattress springs coil back into place and then the nearly silent tread of Dean taking a couple of hesitant steps forward. "Cas?"
Cas squints at him, not satisfied, but he lets it go. Dean gets the feeling that happens a lot. Cas just dropping the conversational ball at Dean's command. Like maybe he's got it in his head that Dean's a closed book, or like Dean's say is the final say.
Dean reaches down and grabs his own dick, tugging it roughly through the towel. His grip tightens once, then twice, two hard squeezes that turn into lazy stroking when the burn spirals through him.
"I wouldn't have offered if I didn't mean it. Besides, this drink isn't very good and we're being glared at."
Dean's guy just leans back and folds his arms over his coveralls. "Well, there you go," he tells Judith happily.
Dean's eyes don't linger on his mouth as that happens. Of course they don't. He's not depraved. Besides, up close again, he can see the guy's barely even attractive. Chapped lips, weird nose, hair looking like it's been through some serious shit in its time. Stupid scarf. Pfft. He's like a six. Seven, if Dean's just taking into context his eyes, which are the clearest color of blue Dean's ever seen outside of road trips to the ocean and -- shit, he's staring. He's a weirdo who's staring.
"Okay," Dean repeats. He's overly cheerful to cover up how bad this is throwing him off. Which, FYI, is a lot; right now, he's landed somewhere in Narnia. "Consider it straight."
Except once they get home, the fun continues. Cas has decided, apparently, that he hasn't done anything worth feeling sorry for, and Dean's head is too far up his own ass to relent first, so for a solid two hours they take wide berths around each other. Cas goes up and down the stairs often, stomping with each step, and Dean has to close his eyes and calm himself by way of Metallica because, holy crap, it's grating as hell.
Dean doesn't say anything, but it's already out there anyway. Sam just walks past, clasping him on the shoulder as he goes. Dean feels something come undone inside him. It feels a lot like being cut free.
Dean, with a sigh, pushes into a sitting position as well. His back hits the headboard a little too hard, but he lets the sting radiate through him, happy for the distraction.
Dean says, “She likes me better,” and his voice is a little rough because half his mind's still in the gutter. The other, more productive half needs to banter as some weird form of foreplay.
"You brought Dean pie," he says. Dean could almost hug him, that's how pleased he feels. Instead he settles for smiling widely, accepting this as the validation that it is.
Elsewhere, in a darkened cornfield, Cas is plucked back into existence, easy as if he'd opened his eyes after a dream.
The date pings at Dean's brain for some reason, and when he realizes why, it's Sam who gets the brunt of his bewildered glare.
Cas stares. Dean feels like he might actually throw up, like his skin is being shrink-wrapped, and Cas is just staring.
Cas looked away again. When he looked back, he dropped his hold on Dean, looking ten times more grim. "Dean."
It's slung low across his hips, too, Cas's fingers brushing the front of Dean's sweat pants where his dick, to his horror, is twitching to life with morning wood.
Cas stayed solemn, though. "Sam will be the least of our problems." And that was said with a glare that swiveled around and fixed pointedly on Benny, who'd at least had the decency to pretend he was giving them some privacy, even though sound carried in this place. When Dean realized where that pissy scowl was aimed, he heaved out a sigh and stepped back out of Cas' personal space.
It's only when he spots a pattern in the papers, all of them with articles covering numerous suspicious deaths, that either of them talk again.
Those dots Sam was trying to connect must suddenly pull up the full picture for him; he studies Dean more closely. "Like I said. You're not you."
Dean sneaks past a couple of large windows, trying not to make too much noise as they crunch their way through dry, overgrown weeds and gravel. He snorts, "Real positive attitude you got there," sliding up to the wall.
Inside isn't much better, though the place seems comfortably lived in. This is Dean's conclusion after more than one sleepover, anyway.
-- and some pleading until it clicked. The guy was one of them bell ringers. You know, stands outside the grocery store and clangs at you until you're guilted into dropping all your spare change into the bowl.
"Right," Sam blurts, spinning Amelia's way. "Sorry, babe," he tells her, but his gaze plants itself right back on Dean with the kind of please-don't-wreck-this-for-me silent insistence Dean hasn't seen on him since way back in the day. Back when they were kids and, man, talk about your dredged up memories.
"So, wait, hang on a sec," Sam says, following Dean around the motel room while he swipes his things. Duffle, jacket, keys. "You're just booking it, no questions asked?"
of a chance it's really him..." Dean swallows his emotions back down. "And you? You're gonna stay here, call Eileen."
Dean thrusts weakly, his dick smearing precome against Cas' palm, and he fucks into that, into the loose, sweaty fist Cas wraps around him, his eyes lasered in on what Cas is doing to himself like he's some neighborhood creep but, jesus, he can't help it. You couldn't pay him to stop looking right now, not with the way Cas is into it. The thing that's getting to him the most is that Cas is clearly trying to make a point here. It's not that Dean's being a submissive bitch, it's that Cas is being possessive as hell.
"Yeah, well, Sam thinks it's a good idea to start finding out what makes these things tick," Dean reminds him. Which is true. They've got an entire room on one of the downstairs floors set up like a morgue. Dean had seen it and shuddered at the jars of demon parts swimming around in formaldehyde, but not Sam. Sam's eyes glazed over, and now. Now Dean and Cas are dragging the reeking corpse of a djinn back to the bunker with them so his brother can play Frankenstein.
Like he senses Dean’s thought process, or maybe he’s just got himself some God'dar that sounds the alarms whenever Dean brings him up, even internally, Cas tilts his head and squints at Dean to try and scan his soul.
Dean lasts all of twelve seconds before he's blurting, "Cas can't stand me. I don't know what Lifetime movie you think you're watching."
That's full of pointed cheer so that Bobby catches that Dean's done talking about Sam. It's tactless, but, you know. Who cares.
Cas slides his hand across Dean's jaw and cups it warmly. Dean softens into it, hurting and wanting in equal parts. His eyes close and he fights against the urge to back off, to deny himself.
Dean gets to his brother's side before he faceplants off the couch. "Woah there, drunky," he says, tugging him back into place. Cas disappears down the hall while Dean helps Sam get settled.
Kevin comes in when Dean's working on the second foot, and the way he's hunched in front of Cas' crotch and how Cas has his hands steadied on Dean's shoulders, well, let's just say Kevin's dainty yelp makes sense.
Cas decides he doesn't like either that description of Dean or the way they're being objectified. The hand he has resting atop the back of Dean's chair moves instead to cuff possessively around the back of Dean's neck. New as the touch is, it nearly sends Dean bolting before he remembers, right. Gay lovers.
Dean reprioritizes his need for holy water (and, come to think of it, Borax) for just a second. Sam looms large in front of him, and now that he at least knows this isn't a shifter, his brain spins in a new attempt to process his surroundings.
"I'm going after Cas," Dean cuts him off, bracing himself assertively in defiance of the nerves revolting within.
"Look," Sam says, knocking shoulders with Dean. He nods toward the window, where Cas is just outside. He's on the phone.
"Yeah, okay. And we're just gonna pretend she didn't stalk you for two years and when you wouldn't go out with her, she hit that dude in the head then told the police it was you who did it."
A piece of paper is thrust into Dean's hand. Before Dean's brain can so much as process even a percentage of that, the guy is bolting in a way more successful and dignified fashion than Dean had managed in their previous encounter.
"It's definitely a little weird. But maybe he thought it'd be less awkward if you didn't know? Or, I don't know, he was invited last minute?"
Cas slaps his hand to the ground and positions himself so he's braced over Dean, bracketing him in, their faces just inches apart. They're also pressed together at the hips.
Sam stifles a grin and says, "Okay, cool. I'll go tell Bobby we're going. I'm so excited!" And then, like the overzealous freak that he is, he bounds downstairs like some mobile embodiment of pure joy.
Dean digs into his meal and eats in silence, ignoring how Cas hasn't let up on the loaded gazing and doesn't seem like he intends to. Silverware and dishes clatter around them, along with snippets of other people's mindnumbingly boring conversation. Dean bites into his pancake with forced gusto.
"Because I'm sorry," he barks. "Alright? I'm an asshole. Always have been, always will be." The anger fades fast, leaving him exhausted and resigned. He sighs, leaving.
Dean crowds Cas up against the car after, glad. They got the happy ending after all. It turned out okay. "Hey," he says.
Cas quirks his head and opens his mouth to say something, but Sam comes in pointing a finger behind him.
Dean snorts, eyes back on the pages in front of him. Little good it's even doing him. So far all they've turned up is squat. "Could've fooled me," he murmurs.
Dean leans onto his hands behind him, tilting his head until stars come into view. It's a pretty clear night, but because they're still smack dab in the middle of a fairly populated town, the sky is more inky black nothingness than faraway celestial explosions. Still freaking neat to look at, though.
"It is strange," Cas murmurs, thumbing through police reports. All of the victims were reported missing 72 hours prior to being found, and by then, it was way too late. Though the couples were discarded in different locations, they were all left in the same physical state: bound together and drained entirely of their blood.
"What? He'll be in and out, this way," Dean defends. That's his first mistake. His second is adding, "Dude's weird."
Instead of the expected waterworks, or them hugging it out, rom-com style, Sam's jaw goes slack. It's awe he's staring at Dean with, but not the good kind. The something-is-seriously-screwed-up-here kind. "You went to Purgatory five years ago."
They're not saying anything either, except for Cas' name that Dean keeps groaning like some cheap porn star, but it still feels super charged between them.
Sam must catch the clipped tone, or the accusation Dean's trying like hell to put a cap on, because he gets like ten times more sensitive, huffing out audibly.
Cas has been back an hour and twenty two minutes, according to his phone. He's made his way to a bus stop, but the town of Dell Rapids is so small, the bus would only take him to another part of town, not any farther.
God, there it was. Seriously, Sam was a pro at killing Dean's buzz. All he wanted was to have a celebratory drink with family in his crappy apartment, because it wasn't every day Dean did something right in his life the way he awesomely got promoted today (from lackey to assistant manager, which wasn't really even that impressive considering he stuck his head under the hood of a car for a living, and it was more of a pity promotion from his pseudo father figure than anything, but the padding to his paycheck was worth the celebrations) but of course Sam couldn't let him preen in peace.
Dean is well on his way to wasted by the time he finally has THE CHAT with Cas. In all caps, because as soon as Cas approaches him, he knows it's happening. His nerves react accordingly. That's to say, his heart pitches upwards and threatens to evacuate.
Dean snatches the tape out of the garbage with a snarl, breathing way more heavily than he needs to be. His shoulders are heaving and his breath is hitching and holy shit, jesus christ, hold up. He's actually crying.
Dean is hit with dual emotions: one part overwhelming urge to flee, versus one part dead enough inside to let this conversation slick off him like water on oil.
"Might be my period." He finally swings his head around, giving Sam another grin. "Nope, that's you."
"Okay, yeah. I got it because it was Miss Miller's. It was at some guy's yard sale, but as soon as I saw it I knew it was her's because I remember it from when I was little and she used to have these meetings at her house for, wow, I don't even remember. Girl Scouts? A lot of us girls would go, and we always wanted to play with the doll--"
Point made, so Sam doesn't contest it. Dean considers that a win and stuffs a bite of burger into his mouth. Definitely cold, but still so damn delicious.
Dean's brain starts sending warning signals throughout his body, this voice inside his head telling him to scram. He's trying to think of a nice, delicate way to ask,
Cas struggles carrying his end, huffing out, "I don't understand the purpose of bringing this home," and Dean's heart swells a couple sizes hearing 'home' dropped so casually. "It smells," Cas complains.
Then, he's there. All around him the sky is purple from the sun manhandling the moon elsewhere, the darkness of night rapidly turning into the light of dawn. The grass under Dean's shoes is slippery with morning dew and the crickets are pretty pissed about their night cut short, a nearby group of them chirping their loud complaints.
Dean's man enough to admit that Cas taking the bull by the horns gives him, like, half a boner. The reminder that Cas, underneath the nerdy exterior and perpetually grumpy glower, is a soldier with enough kill notches under his belt to star in even the most experienced of serial killers' wet dreams, always makes Dean's spine tingle. In a not altogether unpleasant way. Take-charge Cas is pretty bad ass.
"Dean," Cas says, in the throes of hormonal lust. His eyes have gone like three shades darker and he sounds like the operator of one of those 1-900 sex phone lines. Naturally it zaps a good portion of Dean's remaining brain cells, reducing him to the very neanderthal urges of 'want' and 'now.'
. "Two, three years ago? That would be a guess. Since I, uh, hung up my wings for good, time has the habit of seeming much more fluid. It all just--" He makes a
Sam breaks through Dean's wallowing with a cough and a steaming cup of hot chocolate, which he thrusts in Dean's face.
for me, man. I think I've known since high school and the scary part is I don't want to fight it anymore. You're so awesome, Cas, you're the best person I know, you give me your second toast all the time, you--"
"Alright, quit looking at me like that," he told him. It had some sting, though not a lot, and Cas eventually stopped with the sappy staring right around the time Benny came slinking down the loose rockbed.
"Right," he agrees, mentally psyching himself up. It's happening, then, he's definitely doing this. Metallica blasts through his brain to get him pumped. Okay. He can do this. "Anything I should know before, y'know." He nods at the curtain like it's a bomb to diffuse. Kinda feels like it.
Dean is yawning, clearing away the mess from dinner. Cas gets the hint. He stands up, pulling Dean's attention his way.
She stops them once they're all but out the door, handing Sam a box full of junk she meant to give to Amelia earlier, before life kinda threw her one crappy curveball.
He got back to his table with Lisa, who sensed that trouble at home was soon to be a'brewing and offered to vamoose, but then they started talking about work and their families and somehow he wound up twenty minutes late back from lunch, Bobby bitching at him because of it.
"Never said how you and--" Benny made a whistling noise, knife flicking out to where Cas was perched at the edge of some invisible line he was patrolling, a good twenty, thirty feet away, "--met. Figure there's some sorta story there."
The mention of his brother makes it automatic for Dean to sneak a glance that way. Sam's dragging his stick through the grass now, stopping every time it snags on a tangle. Dean snorts, looking down again. "Kid's a friggin' puppy, I swear."
"I'm aware of the ritual. I mean, will it be believable? For me and Dean? He already wears a lot of jewelry."
Dean lingers in the hallway awkwardly. "Right. Listen, Cas. I shouldn't have..." Halfway through that, though, Cas turns his back to him, and it makes Dean stall on the apology. It fades into lameness, an uncomfortable silence taking over once more.
"I've left," he defends way too hard to be convincing. He leaves out: only to microwave frozen dinners in shame and visit the toilet.
Cas drew his knees up, sighing, and rested his forehead against them. He turned his head enough to meet Dean's eyes.
Who is breathing slightly more rapid than normal, and while Dean would like to think he has something to do with that, logic's patting his head condescendingly and reminding him Cas likely took those stairs two at a time.
Dean winds up toweling them both clean, trying not to let his brain slip into hey-idiot-you-had-sex-with-Cas mode. Cas's shirt is a lost cause, so Dean makes him take it off. He throws it, and the towel, back into their dirty clothes pile.
Well, he stops protesting and starts treating Dean like he's either a lump of fungus to poke at under a microscope or someone to interrogate on the witness stand. It's fun.
, when it should be so easy to. All he has to do is think of Cas going off the rails on God-juice and he's right back in that place of fear and hurt and anger. So much anger.
"Follow my lead," he instructs, and it's with a heavy reluctance and an even heavier sense of foreboding, him and Cas both parked curbside in the middle of the 'burbs. All of the houses look identical, save the odd quirk of a lawn gnome in one yard, a fleet of pink plastic flamingos in another, a
"Mmm-hmm," Sam scares the living daylights out of him, smugly looking on from the opposite side of the table, appearing out of nowhere like some teleporting ninja.
The lights in the room flicker on and off, sending sparks flying, and Dean thinks, okay. No smirking. But it's Cas Naomi is focused on as she lifts from her chair, gaze locked squarely on his.
Cas comes forward, carefully and warily, until he's in front of Dean, staring into his eyes so intensely Dean can't meet the look back. "I would have said it years ago if I thought you'd let me. Dean. Please. Look at me."
"You do realize, right, this whole time, she's gonna think you've been on the--" He cuts himself off, though, when he sees Cas still crumpled on the floor. "Shit," he says, rushing to him. He wedges the phone between his ear and shoulder. "Shit, Cas."
do whatever you’re doing,” he tells Sam, eyeballing the mess on the counter where Sam dropped a baking tray.
They get half the room cleared, and Dean's listening to the guy on the radio talk about the freak lack of deaths in town, natural or otherwise, a streak spanning something like a week already, when Cas speaks up again.
, would I guess be the more accurate term," Cas clarifies, and is that white noise Dean is hearing? He might be losing it.
and it's from three days later. "Same M.O. here, only it's a guy, early-thirties. Neighbor found him in the bathroom." He taps the third, the one closest to him. The paper's only a day old. "Here, though, girl comes home and finds her boyfriend swinging from the rafters."
Dean laughs awkwardly. He scratches behind his neck, torn between wanting to finish what they started and never, ever acknowledging it again.
"Point proven. I'm serious, though. I'll meet you in the food court in... mm, twenty minutes cool with you?"
By then he was sprawled on his bed, angrily attempting to mellow out with his iPod on, headphones in and Metallica cranked all the way up and blasting therapeutically into his skull.
"Just ask him out already," Sam says, except, far from being a friendly suggestion, his tone's the equivalent of a smack to the head.
"How, Cas?" Dean asks, skipping to the question that's pinging around his head the sharpest. "Last I saw you, you were..." He swallows around the rising guilt and grief the memory causes him, even here, in literal Heaven.
The front door opens on squeaky hinges and Naomi descends wearing a house robe, all freshly woken up and slightly frazzled but still scary intense.
"We really that screwed up?" he asks, his voice going rough from how badly the idea of that hurts, even though it kills him to say it.
When she speaks, it's with a tightly controlled voice that's aiming for casual but is landing more on psychotic. "How often do you guys talk?"
Dean blinks. Right to it, then. Plus, he's like 99% sure the dude just spoke gibberish. "Come again?"
Sam frowns at him in a way that lets Dean know he doesn't care for that comment, and also that he's a 12-year old girl. Dean ignores it, letting Sam know that he knows Sam's a 12-year old girl.
"Really?" Benny pretended to be sorry about that, overly so. "Go figure, me cuttin' through one of your starin' contests. That almost never happens."
"Okay," Dean says, even though it still doesn't feel right. Their mom's birthday is tangled up in so much history. Giving that over to Cas... the wrongest of wrong.
There are probably better uses of their time, like checking out any old, abandoned, factory-type buildings for djinn activity, but: pool.
He glances at Gabriel, who's already staring back intently. When their eyes meet, Dean gets a mocking salute, followed by a wink before Gabriel busies himself with the next few customers. Jesus.
Dean came out here for a reason. Brother bonding time. He's getting pretty sick of Sam looking at him like he's a monster and a disappointment all wrapped up in one.
He shouts, "Go!" when Dean looks back with shock. Cas' face is set with determination, like it was always meant to end this way. "Dean,
He's going to come, and while that's kinda the plan, it's way too soon. Cas is tonguing the precome at the tip of Dean's dick in pretty much the filthiest, most innocent, curious way possible, and how, how does Cas know this stuff, but also, holy god he needs to stop. He really needs to stop because Dean wants to last longer than thirty seconds.
"I'm so close to done, Dean." She's on her feet, ready to storm out, but something stops her. She winds up just staring at him, her gaze softening. "Do you even care anymore?"
Dean doesn't bother sparing him a second glance, or an answer. Instead he makes his way back over to where he came to at. Maybe there's something there that -- hell, he doesn't even know. Can get him to where he needs to be going? Take him somewhere that is not this alternate world where his brother lives in a friggin' two-story house in the suburbs?
“Yeah, and you too, Dean,” Sam says, still treading carefully. “Remember the whole Godstiel, power trip thing? You lost it? Or after Purgatory? Or, okay, when Cas died and—”
Dean steps into the portal, thinking he's got to delay this thing somehow. He winds up holding his hand back out for Cas, stretching it as far as he can make it. "Come on!" he shouts. The wind eats it right up, so he makes his voice louder. "We gotta go!"
Lisa spots him from three parking spots over, glancing twice. The first time casually, the second one with more intent once she realizes who he is. He waves with some awkwardness.
Sam laughed. "You're so see through, you know that? Maybe try talking to Cas instead of lashing out, Dean. You know, adult conversations? Not toddler tantrums? Not that this isn't cute. And I'm so happy for you finally--"
"Seven," Dean asks after some consideration. There's only a small stack of cards left, so either he's about to get lucky, or --
Dean went on four dates with Lisa before he realized, the whole time? Apparently he'd been having some kind of domestic dispute with Cas at home.
Sam stomps forward, still staring sternly at Dean. "We need to talk," he tells him in this not-in-front-of-the-wife voice. So his brother's got himself whipped. Dean's about to crack a delighted joke at Sam's expense, but Sam starts bodily ushering him elsewhere.
Fast, though, the mood turned. Just like that. Cas was staring down at Dean fondly, but also? Pretty damn hungrily, his chest starting to heave as his breathing got more and more shallow.
"Yeah, you should see our house. Mine and Cas. Our love shack," he says, emphasizing it with a we're-just-so-sexually-liberated leer at Sam to make up for the fact that anyone thinks there's a him-and-Cas in the first place. "It ain't like this. Kinda --
The waitress comes over, still wearing that annoying ass smile that lets Dean know she's got her eyes on him. Cas, for some reason, gets a softer, kinder version when she takes out her pen and notepad. "What can I start you guys off with?"
Cas is giving him that small, private smile Dean's only seen in pictures before. It's nice, and turns out, he prefers the live version.
"Well, yeah." She lets that hang there like Dean's supposed to fill in the blank. Maybe provide an exciting backstory.
"He's twenty-two, and he's driven your car before. I have the commemorative Facebook post printed out to prove it."
Cas slams the dresser door shut and turns back to Dean. "I don't need your advice, or your help, or whatever defense mechanism this is. I did, once, need your assistance. You offered," he tells Dean. "Had I known the significance, I would have..." He breaks off and looks away, exhaling loudly.
Relative, anyway, since Sam is sleeping 18 hours a day, still only partially recovered from the trials, and Cas is only four months into a humanity he was forced into.
Cas doesn't see how. In fact, it'd be more understandable than Dean assuming Cas's punishment. "I listened to Metatron.
Dean yanks away before they've hardly even gone anywhere. "Dude, no touchy," he barks, finally sheathing his knife back where it belongs. Sam holds up those
Cas learns he's in Dell Rapids, South Dakota, thanks to a newspaper inside the Gas n' Sip. So, he's not too far from home, assuming Sam and Dean are at the bunker.
He wants to ask Cas about that. Did they get out of Purgatory together, then? How? Why's he still hanging around here, why are they long-distance
He's asking Cas, but Cas, instead of standing in front of him, is sitting at one of the tables. Slumped, actually, and now that Dean's looking, he's catching how exhausted the guy appears to be.
Cas' gaze is steady on his, and Dean feels it like the sharp edge of a weapon at his throat. "I'm afraid so," he affirms. Dean nods vacantly, and the laugh that rings out of him is small and hollow.
The world really does go white, then, white and weightless, and Cas is the only solid thing he feels around him until they're spit out on the other side.
. I'm a craft warrior!" with his hands in the air, and because he isn’t watching where he's going, too busy being a dork, he nearly collides into a little old lady.
With some forced enthusiasm and a quick glare aimed squarely at Dean, Sam blows out a sigh and slaps on a smile. "What're you making?"
Standing, Dean clasps his brother on the back with both hands, leaning over him from behind. "Nature calls. Think you can handle yourself?"
Castiel's rattling off info about the ghost while Dean ducks into what he guesses must be an office or spare bedroom. It's kind of hard to see, but he thinks he can just make out a bed, or a desk.
A warning flare goes off in Dean's head, then clatters down into his chest where it drops to a dead, useless halt. Self-preservation is cupping its hands and yelling at Dean to abort. End the conversation with a noncommittal grunt, roll over, and get his four hours of sleep.
Cas catches what Dean’s really saying here—namely, that he’s awkward as hell when it comes to this part, so maybe he oughta try and dial it back some—and he glares straight ahead. “I know what I’m doing, Dean.”
He had to drag the eye contact out of him, since Cas became interested in a spot three inches down and to the side of Dean's head. When they were looking at one another again, something shifted so that it was Dean who was suddenly in control.
When Cas arrives -- the first customer, as per their new usual, and only minutes after opening, which has also become the norm -- he takes one look at Dean and heads, instead, for Sam.
Dean pushes his food around his plate while he waits for a response. He should probably feel embarrassed over his meltdown, but turns out, it's a lot easier to dump your mess on someone's front porch if you don't know them.
"How?" Sam keeps picking. "I mean, was it an angel thing, did he, I don't know, make some kinda deal--"
Only seconds later, Dean's great mood plummets far and fast when he immediately gets a new text from none other than Castiel, and the actuality of the situation hits him full force, with the bonus of early morning clarity. There's also a message right after from Jo that's a paragraph long string of LOL's, but the Castiel one's tripping him up too much to appreciate it right now.
Dean can guess where the rest of this is going. "The flamingos, avenged!" he jokes, dorky and grinning real big.
Cas doesn't let him feel that way long. Dean's still got his hand wrapped around the guy, sweaty and a little cramped, and sticky with come, when he finds himself hauled forward. Cas grabs Dean by the backs of his elbows and tugs. Then Cas grabs Dean somewhere much nicer and, swear to god, Dean's brain shorts out for more than a few seconds.
Dean scoffs. "'Course not. Just most of it, right? Look, this was a stupid idea." He starts backing out of the room. "Forget it."
Dean whips around, met right away with the sight of Cas in the backseat, looking serious and on the grim side.
He lights the final cake's single fuse, the big kahuna with all the fancy aerial shit that people go gaga for, and bolts backward before it blows. Weeds thwack at his legs, the night air a hypnotic rush around him, until he's at his brother and Cas' side.
“Okayyyy,” Charlie says, injecting pep into the situation like some sort of neutralizing Glade energy freshener. "We're all awesome, then. Neat. Cool, cool, cool. Dean?"
"A-ha! I knew it. I mean, I don't actually know what I know, but I know that I know something, so spill."
Dean scoffed through his nose. It wasn't a noise that shut down conversation, but it wasn't an invite to go snooping into his life history either.
Dean brakes at the lone stop light and waits for it to switch to green, still the only car on the street.
"Hello there, mysteriously tall guy," she chirps, and she is—wow, okay, she is all smiles. "Can I herd you toward anything specific or did you accidentally wind up here on your way to the guns, muscle cars, and bald eagles store?" Dean's opening his mouth to, okay, flirt probably, that is his default, but she cuts him off with a self-reproaching, "And
Charlie comes swooping in like his heterosexuality reaffirming itself. Cas follows behind, eyeing both Dean and who Dean now knows is Kevin with a curiosity that's vaguely hostile and openly distrustful.
Sam notices the light coming from the kitchen and calls while sliding out of his shoes, "Oh, hey. You left your room."
“Somethin' wrong?” Bobby says now, of Dean's constant restlessness, in a tone that's as accusatory as it is curious. To be fair, that's pretty much his vocal default.
Dean chuffs out a mean-sounding breath through his nose and goes back to the books. "Way you tell it, you think you'd be glad to be rid of that guy." A guy who, so Dean's come to learn, is home maybe three months of the year total; the rest of the time he's gone getting his jollies off salting ghosts, endlessly road-tripping from one haunt to the next. As always. There's something that tugs mean and messy at Dean's chest when he thinks about that, about what it means; how the hunt won't ever let him go, or how Dean himself can't just leave it behind, even when the universe hands him guaranteed happiness on a silver platter. He must be some ten kinds of screwed up inside, if he can't even get his shit together here.
With a smile, one he can't quite fake for longer than a couple of seconds, he tells Sam, "Yeah, well. It was his first day on the job, man, I'm not gonna go having him screw up something that big. Make Cas come back weird. No."
Dean is staring out the kitchen window, out at the front lawn, nursing a bottle of beer he found stashed in the back of the fridge and wondering just how deep into survival mode he should be going when this trendy-looking car uglies up the driveway. It's one of those hybrids, the kind that runs on french fry oil and pretension. Which of course means it's Sam who unfolds out of the driver's seat, making something spike inside of Dean, like relief.
"Anyway," Dean says loudly, heading back for the counter, "order something or clear out. No loitering allowed. You want a table to cry at, go around the block. I hear there's a couple of Starbucks and they love when you do that there. Feeds their grubby, corporate souls, or whatever."
Dude. "Hey, hold up," Dean says, trying to get him to stop and draw him back in by laying on the eye contact. It works, except now Cas looks slightly embarrassed. "Your lying? It sucks ass. If you're asking me to baby-sit Thumper here, obviously I'm gonna."
Plus, he's not safe to be around. Tonight was another example of that. "I recall you having your reasons."
Sam's look turns almost pitying at that. Like Dean's some messed up kid who still believes in Santa Clause. "Of course," he says. "Still though. It means a lot. Really."
Finally Cas ends their kiss, palming Dean like Dean's got thirty seconds to get off or the world's going to shit. There's a swoop in his stomach. He can feel his arousal building.
When Dean quits watching him go and settles back into the booth, smiling, Sam is already pinning him with that stare that says Dean is in way over his head and also can he plan his and Cas' wedding please?
Yarn, specialty scissors, craft punches, acrylics, etc-etc. Dean's basically bored out of his skull and he's only been on the clock less than twenty minutes.
Cas goes rigid at his mom's needling tone. He stands up straight and locks his gaze just to the right of her. It's hard to watch, for the fact that it's happening to Cas at all and for the reminder of Dean's dad commanding him to obey in similar ways.
"You sure?" He tilts forward and peers around Dean, at Cas. "What about you? I know gay men. Friends with some of 'em, too."
"Right." Dean gives him a tight smile and otherwise doesn't try hiding his annoyance. "Well, thanks. And good luck with all of..." He gestures half-heartedly out towards the flamingos. "That."
"And you swear, on your limited edition Princess Leia lithograph, you're not even the slightest bit interested in this guy? No bi-curiosity rearing its early-adulthood head?"
Cas clears his throat. “I can assure you, I'm as indifferent as ever. Except,” Cas rushes to say, because Dean, sorry sack that he is, can’t help but take that personal. “In this particular instance, that I'm incredibly invested in, for the unforeseeable and long-term future.”
"Fine," he says, leaving. He only stops to snatch his t-shirt and get caught in a stare-off with Cas. But that's easy to break out of too, and when he does, he hears Cas call, "Dean," after him, his voice breaking in the middle.
Cas still doesn't seem to get it, because apparently you can drop the two of them in the promised land and somehow they're still going to miscommunicate, but then. It lands. Boy, does it.
Dean's eyes have turned pleading. "You can't sleep at a gas station, Cas, that's messed up. Our brand of it, and everyone elses."
"She's efficient," Cas agrees. Charlie's already doing her drunk-girl octopus act, leaning in close.
Dean quits scoping the place out and meets Cas's eyes. There's almost an inside joke there, even though, literally, that's exactly what Dean told him. Still, it lightens the mood.
Call him slow on the uptake, but he’s realizing something here. Sam isn’t surprised. Scarred, sure, but no light went off in his eyes, almost like—
Cas rolls his eyes at Dean's continued lack of faith in him, but he heads off down a hall. Or, starts to, anyway.
"Now, I'm not saying we ever did anything my dad already figured we were doing, but friendship like that, where you're so close you're brothers one day and something more the next? Dean, there ain't nothing about that you have to hide."
He gets back to his feet and stares expectantly at Cas, whose face furrows into a confused frown at the attention.
--" Dean gets out right before the ghost bursts in his direction. He finds himself propelled backwards, pressed against the hallway wall against his will, his breath slowly being choked out of him. The ghost grins cruelly.
But he's human now. And the only way he knows how to survive that, is this. Fitting in, staying low. Conforming.
"Cas," Dean says on a high, breathy laugh. "Blow me." Which is more of an insult than a suggestion, only Cas takes it as both.
"Figured as much," Benny gave back, nice and easy. Something about it -- the low tone, maybe, or the lull of his drawl -- kept Dean talking. Words spilled out of him he never bothered to say out loud before.
"Chuck was a dick, but being all alone with no one else in the world, literally, it made me realize. I
"Dean's gross dessert habits," Charlie answers, snarky about it. Enough so that Dean forgets his grudge with Castiel, because now he has to defend what is essentially an extension of himself.
Finally Sam cracks. He says, "So, Castiel," and that is so far from what Dean was expecting, he genuinely balks. Sam takes pity on the fact that Dean has the emotional range of a fork, carefully coming in closer. "You two are friends."
Dean just barely starts to grin in response -- hell yeah, he wants to -- before Cas digs his heels in and hoists himself up. There's a strangely exciting mood, partially because of the nostalgia, that settles among them once they've both crawled into the cramped space some fifteen feet above the ground.
Cas turns the water off and stands in front of Dean. He's got marks up the side of his neck Dean knows he put there himself. "Cas," he says without a clue for what comes next.
Sam comes in while the thing's being poured, and Scarf Guy, Cas, he goes from standing stiffly near the 'pick up' end of the counter to easing up and heading back over to where Sam's pulling a bran muffin for himself from out of its glass case.
Come day seven, Dean thinks they've broke the curse. It's twelve minutes past eight, they're already four customer's deep, and not a single one of them is Cas.
Except Cas is staring like he's convinced otherwise. Probably because Dean's 100% lying through his teeth.
Dean winds up on his back with a floor board that was never nailed properly into place jarring into his shoulder blade, but his brain only briefly acknowledges it as an annoyance then forgets all about it, probably because Cas is lowering down on top of him.
"Come to think of it, yeah," Dean plays along with, easily. "We might've heard something about that. Right, Cas? Thought it was just... your run-of-the-mill, natural order kinda thing. You know: time's up. Shouldn't've had all that extra bacon. You heard different?" He tries to keep his tone neutral, nosy only in a 'potential buyer' kind of way, but it's hard when it finally feels like they're getting somewhere.
The night stand, too, pressed too close to the bed, is also getting knocked around, making this constant rattle of the lampshade.
Dean breaks it after only a couple seconds. There's something else he wants to be doing. He pulls off, pulls back, and starts moving his way down Cas, feeling that post-orgasm burn of exhaustion. Cas takes his hand out of Dean's pants to let him by. Dean wraps his arms around Cas's legs, both of them still bent up near Dean's waist, and lowers them to the bed, nipping at Cas's stomach while he does. It goes taut right away, his muscles clenching.
) but because he's panting that hard, because he's that turned on. Ass dropping back to the seat, he rocks forward in small, tight thrusts; his orgasm hits him like it's being chased out, and it has the world blurring and brightening and muting all around him.
Dean, feeling either very brave or very, very stupid, meets the gaze Cas forces him into. And he feels his resolve to play this whole thing off crash and burn because Cas is looking back at him like Dean went all Mortal Kombat on his heart, like he reached inside and personally wrecked the thing, and Dean didn't think he could feel any worse, but, turns out, he can.
Since Dean's not busting his chops, Sam’s attention drifts elsewhere. Namely to his failed baking. He turns over that dropped baking tray and reveals yet more burnt discs.
"Oh! You know Castiel?" the girl asks him, pleased, bouncing up on her toes just once. Dean uses the reminding glimpse at her name tag to catch a complimentary view of boobs and only feels like a perv for doing so when Cas notices and gets all pissy in the face about it. That is not Dean's fault, okay. You can't keep a hot-blooded male trapped in the bowels of Purgatory for who even knows how long and not expect him to apply theoretical use of his manhood once he's out, just to make sure everything's in working order.
The only time they've ever talked about life post-high school was when Cas broke the news he'd gotten into Dartmouth. Dean reacted to that like he reacts to any kind of change; he left, got off-his-ass drunk, and didn't talk to Cas for four days. You know, normal stuff. Healthy stuff.
Sam leans back in his chair, at the room's lone desk with his laptop open in front of him. From a nearby sofa, also surrounded by books, Cas watches. "I don't know. I am, I guess."
But then it all catches up fast: the Winchester street sign, the joke. He can't help laughing to himself. And if he saves the picture to his phone? That's nobody's business but his own.
Bobby held eye contact long enough that Dean knew he saw right through him. Good for him. Then he let out a gusty breath and waved Dean away, with the warning of, "Next time you go all space cadet in my garage, Benny'll be the one with the cute new job title. You got that?"
Never let it be said that Dean was an idiot, because he wasn't. It took him all of three seconds to realize Cas was staring at him the same way he'd pretty much stared at the Impala all his life, and that was that it was his and he was completely in love with it.
"Yeah, okay, enough of that. Cas?" Dean grabs the drink out of Cas's hand and gives it, and the one he was already babysitting, to some random dude walking by. "Here ya go. Enjoy."
"Think I found what I was looking for, actually," he tells her kindly, moving past with an apologetic smile when she looks bummed that she might've read the situation wrong. Cas is already motoring between aisles again, and Dean has to dodge random animals weaving around his legs to catch up.
"Dude. What the hell is this?" Dean asks Cas, but it's more like an accusation of terrible taste because the 'this' in question is an audible assault similar to the torment Sam tends to put him through.
"You... well, our-you," Cas blows out, like this is an old song-and-dance routine he's seen one too many times, "is a bit... reckless, I suppose, when it comes to other people's emotions."
Sam huffs out a laugh through his nose, then backs off. "Yeah, sorry. You guys keep doing... this. And I'll research with Kevin."
"It was his choice," Sam jumps in real fast. And, fine, so Cas has always been all too eager to get himself killed for their sake. Doesn't mean Dean has to like it. "That last trial, Dean." He shakes his head. "There wasn't any other way. Trust me, we looked. And Cas was okay with it. Something in you has to already know that. It's like he's built for sacrifice."
Cas smiled gently. Happily, like he'd never been more content. And then he moved back in, but that didn't seem right anymore because out of the blue Dean was remembering
"I said drop it," he repeats, bossy enough that things get serious, at least for a couple of minutes.
They’re in the middle of bumfuck, Nebraska—Sam and Dean, on a hunt; Cas, on a pit stop while he continues searching for daddy desertedest—so the bar ain’t anything to write home about, but it’s got more than just the locals kicking around, which is saying something.
“Dude,” he says with some good-natured judgment, but then he realizes: right, it’s probably pretty weird coming into someone else’s bedroom. Their personal space.
Glad for the chance to lighten the mood, Dean tosses his oily rag at his brother. "They have to accept you first, you know. Probably make you get a haircut."
It was Sam more than Dean that offered Cas that whole 'mi casa es su casa' welcome mat thing, though, obviously, Dean wasn't going to turn him away. The guy took three months to get there. If he wanted to be there, he would've got there sooner.
After, they needed a few minutes just to come down. Dean was even more out of breath, and he dropped his forehead to Cas's, nuzzling it for a second before he rolled off, flopping lazily to the side.
The men, at least, seem okay, though they're badly in need of a blood transfusion. Neither of them wake while Dean and Cas lower them to the floor, arranging them near one another to be easily found.
But the whole thing is blank, empty page after empty page. Except, though, there's a lump in the middle, like a bookmark, and when he turns to it, his stomach crawls up his throat. There's a picture of him and Mary. Dean and his mom.
He keeps that up, kissing and sucking and motherfucking nuzzling Cas through a thin, fuzzy layer of cotton, until Cas is pretty much humping him from below, his hips flying off the mattress so enthusiastically the headboard's thumping against the wall.
, alright. That the same kinda fine you were when your daddy died, or how about when Cas thought about goin' away for school?"
She ain’t buying it, but she sticks her pen and pad back where she got ’em and tells Dean, her cautious gaze on Cas only a second, “Should be out shortly.”
Sam doesn't seem to share his outrage. Sam, actually, is practically preening. "Yeah, well. It's kinda hard to hunt when there's nothing there
At least not until the door bangs shut and Kevin can be heard yelling, "JESUS!" straight through the wood. There's actual anger and blame this time.
Through the rush of blood in his ears, Dean could hear Cas shuffling around. He also heard Cas' stilted breathing, the rustle of sheets, each and every bodily shift that made the mattress give slightly beneath them, the bouncy recoil of springs --
Cursing once more, only inside his head this time, Dean strides until he's crossed the damn street and standing right in front of him.
Cas doesn’t say anything, he just stands and holds up the phone number between both his hands, staring down at it like he’s surprised all over again.
Dean isn't dumb enough to smirk at Naomi, except. Okay, he's definitely that dumb, because he's smirking. Totally boastful, too, because it makes him all tingly inside when Cas gets assertive like that.
Cas just inhales hungrily and says, "Yes," rubbing himself against Dean in a way that makes it hard for Dean to focus on anything but the slow drag, the bite of his zipper, the way his brain is slowly starting to white out all the bad so he's in a nice, happy, pre-sex haze.
that one time Dean witnessed Cas suck face with Meg, but he'd bleached his brain soon after that so the memory's good for nothing. And Hank didn't count. Cas was oblivious to that creepy ogling.
He rolls out of bed in a good mood, sore back aside. Twenty-six and he could already use a good chiropractor. Old age is going to be awesome.
Now that the energy has swung back around his way, he feels buoyant, carefree. And pretty dang vindictive.
"Jesus! There you are! I thought you got roofied and kidnapped, do you know what that kind of guilt does to a person?!"
Dean hauled Cas in for a hug. "Cas," he said, his face pressed into his best friend's neck. He held on tight and promised, "For life."
"I saw an opportunity to exact revenge and I took it. I understand your instinct to keep Sam alive. Can you not understand my need to take back what was stolen?"
"Jesus christ," Dean swears under his breath, dragging himself into a sitting position. Sam's presence has officially killed his boner dead, but Cas still gives him a super loaded once over, his eyes lingering on Dean's bare chest and crotch area before he gets a hold of himself.
Hank holds up his hands like shit's getting weird. "I saw Royce, okay, I..." He lowers his voice and looks shamed. "
Cas sinks into the warmth, still way down in the shallow section, but Dean doesn't push it. Who knows if Cas can even swim.
"Be careful," he lectures Sam along the way. There's still a large part of him that worries Sam isn't ready to be left alone, even if Kevin's an official bunker dweller as well. That barely counts, the kid holes up in his room most of the time. Probably PTSD from Garth's, but like hell Dean's footing that therapy bill. "You feel off, in any way, I want you to call. The second it happens, Sam, I'm serious."
The wrinkles between Cas' eyes, the ones Dean swore vehemently he had though Cas claimed just as vehemently otherwise, drew together. There was at least an eight second long pause.
Sam's eyes flare at that. He steps in close, crowding Dean with his height. "Yeah? How would you even know? You never try to talk to people--"
Cas, on the other hand, seems unconcerned with his, which is nuts considering every time Dean looks that way, it catches his eyes.
"21 Jumpstreet, then? Though, honesty zone? I kinda feel like we're doing a whole Never Been Kissed thing here. I keep waiting for the montage."
"Do you?" he asks Dean. He clarifies, "Disagree?" with his gaze locked squarely on Dean's, his eyes searching Dean's intently.
Cas marches right up on him. "Dean," he says to steal his attention back. It's his clipped, soldier tone, which means Dean straightens the fuck up and listens. When Cas' gaze slow-crawls its way down Dean's body, less like a creepy appraisal and more
Most other people would end the call then. Hell, six months ago, so would Sam. But he stays on the line and waits, and that means something huge for them. Enough for Dean to ease up, anyway.
Cas only stares at him. There's a glossiness there, like he's not really seeing what's in front of him anymore. He looks so damn peaceful all of a sudden, so calm and at rest, that something feral starts thrashing around inside Dean's chest.
"Yeah. Sure, Cas. Me too," he tells him. He says it like he means it, so Cas relaxes, letting himself smile. Dean matches it and grows more enthusiastic. "Hey, tell you what. What do you say we head over to this place I've been staying, order us some takeout?" He looks back at the road briefly, switching lanes to get them in the appropriate direction. "I'll find us a movie, grab some beer. We'll do our own thing. Screw crappy dates."
"Does this make you uncomfortable?" Cas asks him, picking up on it. Dean's eyes fly his way straight away, but Cas is still focused on the TV. Some dude is bragging about his rock solid core.
Sam, with his sixth sense for Dean's moments of weakness, comes over and claps his ginormous mitt on Dean's shoulder as a gesture of -- who even knows, brotherly camaraderie, or whatever was happening in the tampon commercial Sam's clearly scamming from.
"Is that weird for you?" Cas asks, which is bizarre enough as it is; factor in the ambiance and this is quickly becoming one of the most ridiculous moments of Dean's life. To his left, there's a person with a unicorn mask on dancing out of beat to an 'I Will Survive' remix blasting from the DJ booth.
"If you had other plans, you could've said so," he said to the back of Dean's head, his voice clipped.
Cas has gone Mr. Suave on him, shrugging like this is general knowledge and barely worth being shared. Which, point, but still. There's definitely a difference between being solely into guys and being bisexual, or what the fuck ever Cas identifies as. For some reason, his brain takes 'Cas' as he is known and recognized, plucks him from the compartment he's been housed in this whole time, and dumps him somewhere else, into the wild unknowns.
"Hey," Dean says, staring at the dog with worry and also some threat -- keep away from the family jewels, Cujo -- before letting his gaze soften on the guy. "Right. This here's my partner--"
"He means next door," Dean adds with a sloppy grin at Cas, like aw, ain't it adorable how socially inept he is. "We kinda wanted to get a feel for the place before we made it official. Good neighborhood?"
"If I was an old creepy doll, where would I be," he murmurs as he goes. He uses the barrel of his shotgun to creak open a closet door, but a quick peek inside tells him that's a dead end.
It's probably easier to hear this from Sam, except Dean feels like it should be coming from Cas. It's his story to tell. Which is true, but then Cas would be staring at him with that look that says 'I rebelled for the Winchesters and all I got was this stupid t-shirt' and he didn't even get that much. Cas got a secondhand birthday that belongs to their dead mom.
He can't exactly admit he came here to perv on the ladies. That's the sort of thing people give you hell about. So he shrugs.
"You cook?" Dean blurts. It's only weird because he's never seen Cas eat anything other than those hamburgers the one time, all several hundred of them. He always figured Cas overdid it in that department, which is why he usually deflected Dean's attempts to get him to wine-and-dine on the road with him and Sam.
Sam punches him in the right boob, hard enough to rattle the breath out of him and make the car swerve. Once he gets the Impala righted, to the sound of someone honking behind them, he stares at Sam, betrayed.
"Well, obvs. If not for you, then for poor gay Harrison Ford you suckered in with your green eyes and bow legs."
Something about that makes Dean's expression tense up. "Yeah," he laughs, hard, mean. "My reasons. Right."
Her grin gets bigger like she's in on the joke. When she walks away, her pull wordlessly drags Dean along too.
He stiffens as they pass, flattening himself against the glass door so there's no exchanging of anything even remotely resembling bodily fluids. She pats him as she goes, mistaking his aversion to germs as some kind of messed up chivalry.
Dean can't help but stare across the table at Sam, who has a book on the town's history open in front of him. Sam must feel it because he asks, "What?" without looking up.
Sam swings his legs off the edge of the couch. His hair's sticking up in the back where he's trying to grow it long. Dean keeps telling him he's gonna wind up looking like a girl, but it hasn't made Sam change his mind yet. "You left and you didn't say goodbye."
"Last night you told me you were going to punch me in the throat for, and I quote, 'having a stupid face.'"
Cas dragged Dean back down into a kiss, his fingers digging painfully into the back of Dean's skull, and Dean lost it. Their rhythm got completely fucked as Dean rocked through his orgasm, and then it was gone for good when Cas followed, crying out.
Dean holds up the tongs. "Which kind?" His voice is gruff. It's borderline impolite, truthfully, and Sam's already over there lamenting that his brother was raised in a barn, but Cas pays it no mind. Cas, in fact, is coming over to Dean's side of the counter to peruse the multitude of muffins.
Dean's pulse picks way up and his stomach drops to the heels of his feet and, shit. Shit. Dean surges forward and kisses Cas.
As soon as Cas unlocks the door, Sam stumbles in. Right away he eyes the room suspiciously, like whatever reason there was for him being locked out, it's tangible and probably lying around somewhere.
Literally these are his thoughts, and he's about to make good on them, but then Cas says on a resigned exhale, "Have you filled out an application?" and Dean's grin grows three times its original size; he's totally got this.
"Yeah. Shit. Come on, Cas. Come on," he encouraged him, tugging now at Cas's zipper. Cas didn't let Dean do more than get his pants halfway unzipped before he was thrusting upwards, slicking precome over the back of Dean's hand, a wet trail of it that got even stickier when Cas did it again, groaning.
Dean doesn't realize he's pretty much in the bookstore itself until Gabriel pops up behind him, scaring the holy jesus out of him.
Dean jerks himself off in time to every in-out drag, keeping pace until Cas goes completely still, groaning out low-pitched noises of pleasure Dean's hearing from him for the first time. Cas comes inside Dean like he's never had an orgasm in his life before, harder and longer than ever.
Sam looks at him like he's done something offensive, holding the stare for a long, criticizing beat. Then he sets off without him, up that path, hair whooshing in the breeze.
Whatever bravery had gripped him tight has already fucked off fast. Probably his adrenaline burning off all the alcohol in his system. He winds up clearing his throat. All he can admit is, "You were right," with a tight smile and a short slap at Sam's knee.
an argument and not some sad sack plea that Dean, what? Went all Jack Kevorkian on the guy? Gave him a clap on the arm and sent him back to the wolves? Come on.
Sam gives him the patented stink-face that first came to be circa 1983. Dude was born with it. "Whatever. I'm just saying, guy like you, working at an arts-n-crafts store? You might wanna update your Grindr."
"So how come you're not freaking out right about now?" Dean asks Sam over a pile of old books in the library. He's shed his jacket, but still has his boots on and knife right where he left it. He's not about to get comfortable here, because there's no way in hell he's planning on making this an extended visit, but the coat was starting to stink the place up. "'Cause I gotta tell you," he carries on, "in here?" That's a tap to the side of his head. "Whole friggin' mess of crazy."
Six more go off that way. Sam shouts and throws his hands in the air, leaping circles around Dean, his whole world, for this one moment anyway, as close to perfect as one kid's can get.
It steps forward into a beam of light, exposing a face covered in tattoos. Then it launches in attack.
Another, more throaty groan from Cas was all the encouragement he needed. Lowering onto his elbows, Dean put all his weight on his left side while he reached down with his right hand, palming Cas through his pants. That was a good touch, apparently, because Cas flung his head back, breaking their kiss. Dean kept going, squeezing Cas's dick like there wasn't a layer of denim between them, moving his mouth so he could put his lips on the throat that was straining with a silent gasp.
Sam -- who's started already on his third drink -- holds out his palms to emphasize his innocence. Then he rolls his head to the side, nodding at the men's room across the bar, before hoisting himself off of the sticky pleather.
He's practically gloating around the rim of his beer bottle, though, so Dean knows that's a crock of bullshit. Mostly. Cas is a professional mediator.
"Yeah, you're not really doing anything to make me think you don't need to get laid. Badly." Dean playfully patted at Cas' face, and Cas batted that hand away, tilting out of hitting range. "Grumpy," Dean teased.
Somehow, by some serious well of restraint he never knew he even had, Dean manages to hold off until Cas has completely lost his rhythm, until he's breathing fast and heavy and chanting Dean's name like he's cursing, or begging, or, you know, both. But the second Cas cuts off all noises except a low, choked out groan and he pitches forward, Dean goes right along with him.
It was weird, Dean remembers, not being at Bobby's, but in a way, it was exciting. It was an adventure, at least at first. John Winchester, though something of an alcoholic, was renowned as a bounty hunter. Not the lame ass kind from TV or books where it's always a guy in a ripped leather vest chasing perps through parking lots, but the real kind, like a private investigator. That meant they never stayed in one place for too long.
Charlie has the decency to look shamed, since outing a dude's embarrassing hit-on story? Not cool. But Lisa, more than anything else, looks eager that this will be exactly what it sounds like: some story highlighting Dean's awkwardness.
So for two weeks Cas did group therapy and macaroni art, or whatever the hell else they did to cure away the crazy. He got better and meanwhile Dean carried on like life was normal and there wasn't a gaping hole where Cas was supposed to be. That's where Cas bonded with Meg, who volunteered, even though it seemed friggin' counterproductive to let her near anyone already on the brink of a nervous breakdown.
Cas is reading the nutrition information on the back of his fruit package. That's a Sam thing. Cas came to them looking like some scraggly, mangy, vitamin-deficient cat, used to a diet that was made up mostly of vending machine goods. Sam introduced him to healthy eating, and since then, Cas has been a nut about it. GMO's are a thing Dean's been getting lectured daily about, okay.
Cas starts stretching out a crick in his neck, then bends an arm back behind his head, loosening up a sore muscle. "Any luck?" He asks it while working on the other arm, and if Dean sounded gruff before, double that for Cas. It's like he'd been garbling rocks all night.
As they disappear down a darkened hall together, wooden floor creaking ominously under their feet, Dean hisses, "Tell him he's got to burn the bones."
"I intend to finish what I started, Dean," he tells him, still maneuvering himself in that alien-like way Dean hasn't seen on him since -- shit -- since before the Purgatory souls, since before the Godstiel alter ego fuck-up.
Dean scanned the tables and said, "What's the problem?" Because he wasn't stupid. You don't know a guy for going on ten years and not know all his moody friggin' tells. And besides, "You're the one always telling me I need friends. Lisa? Friend."
"Not unless he's stupid." Without being prompted, he clarifies, "Jess, that's his wife, she's pregnant, and most mornings? Yeah. It ain't pretty. Sam, when he knows what's good for him, stays home until all the praying to the porcelain gods is over." Looking up, he meets Cas's eyes again. "Want me to pass along a message?"
Some of the first things Dean remembers, Cas is there. The time he tipped back in his chair and scraped the side of his head on the Shurley's potted fern outside their paved patio. He's still got that scar.
With a grunt, Dean rolls out of bed and pushes the curtain back. Cas is only a black-and-white shadowy blur down below, but he'd recognize his friend anywhere.
"Says the guy who tried to use the 'Cas understands' defense, what, like ten whole seconds ago? Wow, and you wanted to be a lawyer."
"What?" Dean finally said through a mouthful, only because he was starting to feel like an animal at the zoo. Jo lifted an eyebrow at him, which he would've been able to interpret if he hadn't left his mood ring at home. "What?" he repeated, louder.
"That I have wanted you, all of you, from my earliest memories of attraction?" Cas licks a stripe clear up Dean's neck, stopping only to bite lightly at his jaw. "What do you think?"
Dean honestly, genuinely has no idea what's ruffling his brother's feathers. So his, "What?" isn't even feigned ignorance. That's the real deal.
It's small and smoky and smells like an ashtray, but the beer on tap is half-decent. They don't bother this time making small talk, just head straight away for a table in the corner near the juke box.
Well, right now he's clutching a pillow to his confused dick, actually. Thanks very much. Dean rolls over to his back, losing the pillow along the way, and rakes his hands through his hair. "Close the damn door," he sighs.
There's a tranquility in the moment, with the sun out and traffic actually muted for once. It's almost nice.
His current worldly possessions are more lacking than usual, dwindled down to his coat, his boots, and the clothes on his back. The jacket he tosses onto a chair tucked into the corner of the bedroom. It's green and tattered, three out of four of its wooden legs scraped and damaged. Thrift store find, probably. Same for the lone night stand in the room, which has been stained black, poorly so. It only makes the nicks in it stand out. Dean wonders if he put those there himself, some kinda proof of residence, then cuts that thought off.
He's not unfamiliar with this emotion. Since he woke up human all that time ago, it's become the one he's most accustomed to. He's heard it described in clinical terms before -- depression, sadness, post-traumatic stress disorder; a 'mid-life crisis,' once -- but he knows it, and feels it, as 'empty' and there's no pattern to it. Often it just
"Are you two fighting?" she came right out with, her eyes locked on his, all slitted and accusatory.
Charlie is a godsend, arriving fashionably late as a total surprise, and armed with the good stuff: real alcohol. She's got elf ears on that are more Lord of the Rings than North Pole, but god help him, Dean could cry from relief right now.
Dean laughs quietly, running a hand through his hair. "Probably not," he admits, "but whatever, it's cool. You, uh. You sound like Darth Vader, only, you know--" He makes his voice gruffer. "'I like bees.'"
So he focuses on the nimble way Dean works, how this, caring and being protective, comes to him second nature. It's easy for him to patch someone up. To patch Cas up.
"Yeah," he gets out. And then he deflects. Because he's a grown-up. "You still doing the yoga thing?"
For the first time, Hank seems aware of how unusual this conversation is. He looks at Cas, then eyeballs Dean real doubtfully, then stares back at Cas. "Just, I don't know. He was young. Fit. You know? No one like that just
Sam rolls his eyes at him, but he's not in the mood to be deterred. "I used to think you'd be okay if you just got out. Like with Lisa."
Mostly because it feels like, the previous months, his life was on pause and now he's hitting start again.
He must, because he comes even closer. He reaches out and slides his hand up Dean's jaw. And just holds him. His palm is warm, and Dean could cry from the tenderness of it.
"Nah," Sam says, pushing open his door and filing out one long ass leg at a time. Conversation over, then. Dean manages to figure out the door handle on his side by himself and joins his brother on the side of the road.
It seemed important at the time, and like the right thing to do, but now that Dean's out here -- okay, fine, now that Cas has spotted him -- Dean feels nothing but regret. Well, cold and embarrassed, too, but mostly that first thing.
Dean's smile turns into a grimace. "Yeah, no probl... nope, I don't even care anymore." He throws his arm around Cas again, eager to book it. And if this part is a little fun, no one has to know it but him. "You ready, snookums?"
Dean cleared whatever it was out and said, "He pulled me out of Hell." It came out hard and defensive even to his own ears, and fuck if he knew why, because it wasn't like that was a greeting card tagline of a whirlwind romance, but it still felt like he was exposing something he shouldn't have. Probably because Cas was a clingy bastard who still cast distrustful eyes Benny's way, and sharing that without his consent would get him all fussy, but whatever.
Sam, however, is more emotionally mature than Dean. He sips at his own cup of coffee and asks knowingly, "How's Cas, anyway?"
Just when doubt's starting to set in, making a mess of emotions lob its way up his throat like he might call out or do something stupid like non-con this exit up, Cas lifts his gaze the rest of the ways, landing on Dean. As soon as their eyes meet, Dean knows Cas is right there with him. He's got him. About time, too; the portal yanks at Dean like nothing he's ever felt before, a pissed off, vacuum-tight suction that feels hooked into him from the inside.
Dean nearly tripped over a pile of laundry. When he straightened back up, his arms hung at his sides limply in a totally deceptive way because he was tense in every friggin' part of his body. Laughing, and full of bravado he could only halfway muster, he said, "Or what?"
“Gonna come flyin' back to you one way or another. We could at least be that much closer to gettin' outta here when he does.”
So much of that stings. Like, not just hurts Dean's feelings, but lands like a solid blow. And the worst part is, he knows he deserves it, he's pushed Cas here, but it still sucks to hear the truth.
Dean swallows and glances at Castiel and feels unworthy. But Cas holds his head high and says, "Yes." Easy as that.
Dean balks -- is this a family of forward ass dudes who got no problem going after what they want, holy crap -- before he remembers, duh. Coffee shop. They get your name for the --
Dean remembers spending practically the whole summer out here, hiding from the adults, and Sam. Hell if he can recall how they even constructed the thing, outside of hammering nails and pieces of boards into a box-shape, but it's pretty obvious now the thing was done up by a couple of kids who had no clue what they were doing.
When Cas starts sucking the sensitive skin there, Dean can barely string together two consecutive thoughts. Somehow he laughs, low and rough, and manages, just as low and rough, "You mean..."
"Yes, except." The blood from the rose left only a small wound, but now that the adrenaline from the night has worn off, his wrist is pounding. Dean catches him cradling it close to his chest and seems to realize instantly.
"So Cas was, what, collateral damage then?" he bites out. He's not even serious, he's mostly just lashing out because he handles his emotions about as well as a 3-year old in the throes of a tantrum, but Sam's eyes are doing that softening thing that means he's trying to shelter Dean again. Which means Dean is right. "You're joking. Sam."
rabbits, okay. They're just very close to looking like rodents, which justifiably give him the heebs.
She slides to the side so she can beam at the yoga place behind her. "Guilty. And, you know, managing the yoga thing, too, as an actual manager, so take that, mom and dad! Sorry," she tacks on quick with an embarrassed grimace. "Overshare. My parents still have their fingers crossed I'll grow into a real career. Family disappointment, thy name is me."
Because Dean's saying the same thing as always here. Damn. But also, he kinda likes this sassy Cas who sends him selfies and isn’t afraid to be a dick right after.
"It's a job," he defends, focusing on aligning things correctly. Not like the place can look any more wrecked than it already does.
Dean slid the eggs from the pan onto a nearby plate, then grabbed a slice of toast that'd already been warmed in the toaster. He placed that in front of Cas too, who still hadn't touched the water or aspirin.
When he comes back to, his boxers are sticky and so is Cas' hand where he's still lightly rolling the heel of his palm into parts of Dean that are way too sensitive for that. Dean makes a face that is part post-boning bliss and part-grimace, grabbing Cas' wrist to stop him.
"I have money," Cas says. It rushes out of him like he expects to be interrupted. "We can get an apartment. I can go to school--"
Then Cas had finally said, "I'll tend to my body's urges. In private," he'd added after Dean facially coached him to. "Thank you."
Cas is leaning against this old, partially rusted Nova that was once painted a bright yellow but has long since faded to the color of dried out, trampled weeds with his head tipped back to look at the stars. He doesn't stop staring either when Dean joins him by slipping onto the hood of the car; it gives a little, rocking down with the newly added weight.
