Head spinning, I go. Sherlock’s already taken care of the problem by the time I arrive. Mrs. Hudson has real bruises on her wrists, and she’s kept the phone out of Mycroft’s hands.
So John looked again, and this time there was…nothing. The long, horizontal tear was still there, but the blood stains were gone, vanished as though they had never been there.
“Excellent question,” says Brook, turning to her. “Forgive me for not mentioning it. The answer is yes, we are still airing, because, quite frankly, there’d be riots if we went completely dark, and also because people need to see what happens to Sherlock: how he comes around, how he escapes, so that things can be as normal as possible afterward, for him and all of us. So you should all still expect to be on camera when he’s around. Except,” and here he turns to me, “we’re shutting down transmissions from the private areas of 221 B itself—the bedrooms and bathrooms. I’ve always thought it was grotesque how they filmed him at home, so now that I’m in charge, I’m stopping it. His private life is now private.”
, went the song, and John’s face got unexpectedly hot. He glanced at Cory, who was looking straight ahead, blushing furiously.
. Someone who was making copious amounts of money off of my brother and didn’t want to waste her golden years stuck in a dingy imaginary flat. Someone that nobody would suspect.”
“That’s what we saw,” he says. “And heard. None of it was shown to the public, of course, but a gap in the transmission at this point is, if anything, even more suggestive than the reality. The media’s going bonkers, naturally.”
Shakily, John rose to his feet. His leg didn’t seem to be hurting. Looking down, he saw his clothing smeared with blood, but—he could walk. Hell, he could run. Sherlock was skidding around a corner up ahead. John ran after him.
“Yeah, well, don’t expect a performance like that every time you steal my gun to try and make friends with a supervillain.”  I lick my lips.   “I mean, you did just risk both our lives for some kind of game.”
“Did you?” John parried, and Sherlock leaned down, sliding back out of John’s hand, to speak low in his ear.
When we left off before, we’d been…experimenting. Just with fingers. For a guy with an adventurous sex life and a medical degree, I’ve had surprisingly little experience with prostate stimulation—mine or anyone else’s. Turns out I like it well enough. Sherlock, on the other hand, likes it very well indeed, which makes giving it to him quite a wonderful experience.
Quite different from himself and John, already living together, already familiar with each other’s best and worst qualities.
“What are you lot standing around for?” she asks.  “He’s just gone off with the killer.  Somebody has to follow him.”
Sherlock had led them to a small clearing, in the center of which stood an old grey stone, its edges marked with deeply carved lines.  Even ignorant as he was, John could tell that it was ancient; a sense of age seemed to radiate from it, like a voice whispering of when the world was young.
There was a note attached to it, with instructions: shower, shave, insert (no artificial lube, take your time), dress normally, report to sitting room.
I peer out through the shattered pane again, and people are turning away, checking their mobiles. A couple minutes more, and the street is clear. Meanwhile, my phone keeps binging.
“Yeah, well, that doesn’t extend to romance, especially not with you. He doesn’t want Sherlock confused. Or you, either.”
Mycroft took his chair immediately, and began speaking to Sherlock while John went into the kitchen. John did put the kettle on, but under the circumstances he felt no hesitation at all about eavesdropping on the brothers’ conversation, which he accomplished under cover of rummaging in the pantry.
“No, I cannot control you with my eyes—not in the way you’re thinking. But the eyes are a part of the magic. I apologize if it made you uncomfortable. It was expedient.”
I put on a vest and boxers and consider my next move. There’s a chair, but it doesn’t look terribly comfortable.  There’s the floor, but it looks quite hard and Sherlock’s got all the blankets. There’s the bed, with a nice big empty spot next to my soundly sleeping, blanket-wrapped friend. Fine then. I’ll put on a jumper for warmth.
John examined the letter with bemusement. Sherlock probably could have deduced what was in it just by looking at the outside. John, mere mortal that he was, could only guess, but he thought he had a pretty fair idea. Not so alien after all, maybe.
“It’s all right, Watson,” he called. “It isn’t more than five feet deep.” And with that he dove down, I suppose to scrabble about in the mud of the river bottom at the end of the pier. He came up twice for air, and I had resolved to call a halt when he came up a third time and held up his hand triumphantly. “I have it!” he gasped. “Now, pull me out, Watson, if you please.”
That stroking knuckle slides backward, presses shallowly in. Without thinking about it, I get my knees up, my feet flat on the bed for leverage.
Once inside the lab, Sherlock sends me to search for the hound while he gets on with some other business. This is fine. I’m not expecting to find anything.
“Sherlock!” John blinked, recognizing his pale face in the dimness.  “What do you think you’re doing?”
I also removed an ill considered sentence about the bathroom. Chekhov's bathroom. Didn't end up using it. Oh well.
But if you've been with us since before the hiatus, I wanted to mention one small change. I realized that with the various sorts of vaguely science-fictional technology I'd been thinking about, this story would really have to take place some time in the future. Therefore, I have shifted all the dates in the beginning interviews forward in time by 10 years. It makes absolutely no difference to the plot.
“Well, goodness knows there isn’t much else to talk about, most of the time. You can’t help having favorites. Sherlock Holmes was in your year, wasn’t he?”
“Okay,” Sherlock said, but with two fingers still inside him, he kissed John again, that same tender kiss. John welled up shivering into it, dry-eyed but cracked open, so that when Sherlock centered up and pressed into him at last, he felt pierced to his soul. He made some inarticulate noise, and Sherlock kissed him more, though the angle was more difficult.
Sherlock and the cabbie/killer are in the room, Sherlock standing, the killer seated at a long table.  Sherlock is holding something up—something small.  A pill.  I know the other victims were drugged.  The killer is, somehow, going to make Sherlock take the drug.
Too unfocused, he means, too vague—too much teeth, too, probably.  I take him out of my mouth and just stroke with my hand, and he presses his head back down to the pillow, breathing hard. I lick down into the crease of his thigh, suck at his tight scrotum, and he gives a great, anguished moan and pulses hard in my hand, under my tongue, come spilling over my fingers.
I make a noncommittal gesture. If it were me, I’d rather have the bandage ripped off all in one go. But Sherlock…maybe. I’m not sure.
We visit our flat, my new home in TV Land, and then we’re in a not-real cab, and Sherlock deduces everything about me except the one thing that matters, and then there’s a dead woman, and, oh, yes, she is
Billy doesn’t answer, but Gary gives a significant glance toward the garishly papered wall above the lounge fireplace, off to my left.
It was nearly a year into John’s career as an Auror that they received reports of a series of suspicious magical explosions in a Muggle part of Croydon. They hadn’t been aware of any Death Eater activity in the area (by now the Aurors were calling them Death Eaters again—might as well call a spade a spade), and the explosions hadn’t targeted any buildings, so it was presumed to be either an accident or a prank. John went down to investigate with his usual partner, a rather hot-tempered witch named Holly Quigley.
Filaments of light from John’s charm were still mapping out the corners of the room, so it took a few moments for him to notice the man bent over one of the workbenches, carefully spooning powder out onto a scale and humming to himself.
Sherlock shifts again. What is John doing, anyway? Rattling dishes, running water. He pours a bowl of cereal and begins eating it loudly. Dull. Sherlock shifts
I take the tube.  In the early years of the show, there was no tube, but it didn’t matter, because Sherlock was too young to ride it by himself.  It was only added after several years on the air, for budget reasons.  Even so, it’s a rather abbreviated version of the real thing, one of the most obvious ways this miniature London differs from the city itself.
Which was not to say that he intended to take Snape’s advice. He was captain of the Quidditch team this year, on top of everything, and as for romance, well, if it happened to cross his path, he didn’t intend to turn it down.
. Right when there was—at least I thought there was. Something. And then you turn up here, just—just teaching, what, Potions? Are you the new Potions master?”
Sherlock’s hands—big hands, hot, long-fingered—are on my skin. On my back, on my hips, pushing the back of my trousers down, nails scraping, kneading. Everything is close-warm-good, his hard cock against my thigh, smooth skin of his neck under my tongue, almost not enough air to breathe, not that I mind..
The helicopter pilot turns out to be the same middle-aged woman as before. I study her expression for signs of having viewed last night’s broadcast, but she gives nothing away.
McGonagall was the headmistress now, John knew, and when he sat down to write the next day, it felt perfectly natural to address her as such.
“God, sorry,” John said, shaking his head. “I didn’t sleep well. I think I’ll take a walk, maybe, try to wake up a little. See you in a bit.”
“Take this with you,” he said, handing the vial to John. “Everyone’s potions will go into the school’s stores, to be used in case of need. But you have worked doubly hard and, as you are going into the healing profession, you may one day find it useful.”
For a moment he dreaded that Sherlock would make him go on, would ask how he made the potion last so long, or what they had done to him. But he didn’t. Instead, he unclasped his hands and took hold of John’s right hand, which had been shaking.
“So, Mr. Watson,” she said. “I have reviewed your application. I am sorry to say that I cannot offer you the position of Professor of Defense Against the Dark Arts.”
He turns, looks at me with an expression of weary patience.  I suddenly don’t know what I was going to say.
Listen! Mikabee aka The Most Beautiful Human being in the world made a video??? For my fic??? This is amazing??? It's soooo good! I wanted to add it as a chapter update rather than just in the author's note to make sure that anyone subscribed to this fic gets to see it, because it's amazing!
“I want you to be scared shitless,” he says, showing no emotion beyond the frank desire to communicate.  “I want you to know that I give zero
John peered at his face, trying to see his eyes.  It wasn’t that his eyes were invisible, it was just--what color were they?  It seemed he looked at them, but couldn’t see them.
We play out a scene, improvising, but Irene twists the conversation around, and when I hear her text arrive on Sherlock’s phone, she’s just finished implying, over my strident denials, that
On November 5th, an unexpected package arrives by private courier, with no return address. It’s just a padded yellow envelope with nothing written on it at all, but the weight of it is strangely familiar. I slit open the top, tip it up, and into my hand slides the grip of the Sig. Someone has sent me my gun.
“Mm, not sure,” Sherlock says. “There is…I got some. Stuff. You know.” He nods vaguely toward the bedside table. I reach over him to pick up the little bottle of lubricant lying there. “I thought you could use it on me, if you’re amenable.”
At first it seemed like they wouldn’t get anywhere, like all of his careful preparations had been undone by John’s tensing up. Sherlock took firm hold of his cock with one hand to stop it slipping out of alignment, and redoubled his efforts, and, oh, there,
Sherlock’s erection flagged somewhat as he carefully observed John’s expressions. He was crying encouragement to Greg, but in between he was gritting his teeth. His eyes were wild. He looked almost — should they stop? Should he—
Maybe he would have asked, if they had ever met outside of their very explicitly designated study times. But, although John invited Sherlock to do things all the time, he never accepted. They only ever met in busy public places—usually the library—and only when there was a time constraint. Sherlock never wanted to meet up with John and just…be. He was a bit hurt by that, to be honest. He
I try not to look guilty when Lestrade shows up to clean up the…crime scene.  Yeah.  I’m not totally sure which crime is being cleaned up, but there definitely has been at least one.  Lestrade acts like he doesn’t know I shot the cabbie, except that when he first catches sight of me he gives me this look: eyes open wide, mouth set in a tight line.
The cab takes me to some kind of school, abandoned for the night.  I let myself into the unlocked front door (how’s that for verisimilitude?), and start looking for Sherlock.  The place seems to be a big square building with a courtyard in the middle.  The hallway is lined with doors, mostly classrooms, mostly standing open.  I move warily down the hall, alert for anything that might reveal where Sherlock and the killer are.
. Not much was taboo in the post-Change world, but a few things remained that could still raise eyebrows. John would be willing enough to go along with what Sherlock wanted, he thought, but Sherlock had to make sure that he enjoyed it.
true that he could smell John before he saw him, but the state of affairs was obvious well before the scent reached him, from John’s fast, upright walk and the flush in his cheeks and the way people’s heads turned as he passed them. He was the sexiest thing Sherlock had ever seen.
“I’ve been looking everywhere for you,” John says, pulling at the knot of his dressing gown. “My dearest.”
Throughout all of this, Sherlock had of course been practicing the most monstrous self control. Now at last he could get to work stroking his own shaft, twisting his hand rapidly along the full length, from the base of his swelling knot to where it terminated at John’s body. God, but he wanted to
John frowned, remembering.  “It’s...sort of an animal, isn’t it?  Like when a witch has a black cat?”
“Of course,” Sholto said. He seemed to be in an easygoing mood. That would make this easier. John liked and respected Sholto a good deal, but he could be very strict, and what John was about to ask was rather outside of regulations.
“Well, she’s right that we’ve got to do something. We can’t just lie low until someone discovers us, which they inevitably will.”
With all of these thoughts weighing on his mind, he approached his first day of Potions with determination and not a little curiosity. With so few students having qualified for the seventh year potions class, he knew there would be students from all four houses. He was the only Hufflepuff in the class, but there were also four Slytherins, two Gryffindors, and no fewer than five Ravenclaws. He took a seat next to a dark-haired boy in Ravenclaw robes, and was surprised to realize when the boy turned to regard him that it was none other than Sherlock Holmes.
Out of money, out of plans, maybe even out of hope, John had explained his situation to his old schoolmate Mike Stamford.  Mike pursed his lips and knit his brows, as though uncertain whether to speak, then said:
The sound of gunfire provides a focal point for his re-grounding, and there is John, standing over the dead body of an ordinary black dog. It draws his focus—and John’s, and Lestrade’s, and Henry’s—long enough for Frankland to slip out of their grasp. His life ends in a gout of flame from a land mine. A life saved, a life lost. Justice of the crudest kind. A failure. Their ragtag band goes limping home.
We haven’t turned on any lights in the suite, yet. In the dark his face is pale, as though lit by stars, and between that and his dark, flawless clothes, he looks like an exiled prince preparing to return to his kingdom. But the tumble of his hair has a softness about it that makes my heart feel suddenly full.
“Yes, yes, I’m well aware.” He waves her objections away. “I’ll get someone. You can stop worrying about it.”
“Sherlock—“ I start, but I’m cut off by a blur of motion as he leaps up, quick as a cat, and pins me back against the wall with his hands on my shoulders. Heart racing, I knock his hands away and twist to evade him, but he grabs me by the wrists and slams me back again, pinning me with an arm across my chest. He crowds in close—foolishly close, open to a head-butt or a leg sweep or a half dozen other things, but he either doesn’t think I’ll hurt him or doesn’t care if I do. I rein in my adrenaline with an effort, because I really
And then Sherlock Holmes blundered out the door of Scrivenshaft’s quill shop and straight into John, sending both of them sprawling. The bag Sherlock was carrying flew out of his hand and several bottles of ink rolled out on the pavement.
It’s 2:38 on a Wednesday afternoon in March, 76 degrees fahrenheit and clear. We’re at our California house, escaping the dregs of the dreary English winter. John is swimming and I am lying on a chaise lounge in the shade of a row of fan palms, reading the newspaper on a tablet. If I cared to, I could look down on the Pacific Ocean some 200 feet below, but I do not. I am unspeakably bored.
“Hmm? Oh, yes, we’ll be there. Definitely.” He starts jiggling his leg, clearly anxious for her to finish up and leave. He’s obviously lost interest in what Mrs. Hudson has to say. I sense noncompliance in the offing. Mrs. Hudson obviously senses it, too, but she tries valiantly to regain his attention.
“Such a beauty,” John breathes. He strokes his palms up the backs of Sherlock’s thighs, a touch that would be soothing if it weren’t so incendiary. Sherlock presses his cock into the mattress, breath stopped in his throat, as John’s thumbs dig into his buttocks, spreading him. Shockingly exposed. His cheeks are blazing, too mortified for words, but
He fishes it out of his pocket and examines it.  It looks quite similar to the one he brought to the pool, though not identical.  It’s a black 32GB USB drive.
Sherlock is still groggy when we get home. It’s only mid afternoon, but I lay out his pajamas and turn down his bed and tell him that it’s time to go to sleep. I check on him a while later and find him sleeping soundly. Then I relax and go up to my bedroom, where I lie down, thinking that a nap would not actually be a bad idea.
“He’s a rebel of some kind, I gather.  Gone rogue.  Snubbed his House to rub shoulders with the likes of us.  That’s all I know about it, though.  He’s a mystery.”
“I want to,” John said. He crossed over to the seat beside Sherlock, close enough that their clothes brushed together. Sherlock watched him, open mouthed. John’s heart beat hard in his chest. He had no idea whether Sherlock was interested in boys or girls or
Irene Adler.  Irene Adler.  Why is this her name?  Why does she have the same name as the woman in the stories?
Nearest the gate was a patch of old paving stones, on which he and Sherlock stood.  Only a few feet in, however, the walkway disintegrated, giving way to leaf-strewn earth.  Gnarled trees grew on every side, leafless with the impending winter, and dead, tangled vines made passage impossible.  Some of the vines were rose briars, with shriveled, dark red rose hips still clinging to the stems.  The place might be beautiful in summer, John thought, but just now it felt dead, ominous.  A raven chuckled in the branches overhead.
of the painting, the ever-increasing identification of the real Sherlock with his namesake. They must suspect that something big is coming. I suspect so as well, though my idea of it is a bit different.
And Sherlock took off running. John picked up his walking stick and jogged after him as best he could, but his leg bloody
Understanding dawns. I scoot up his body to plant a kiss behind his ear. His hair is damp and smells of sandalwood. “I just want you to feel good. You don’t have to worry about anything else.” I can’t stop myself from giving him another gentle squeeze, and he makes a strangled sound. I sternly will my fingers to be still. “Do you want me to go on?”
“You asked me if I recognized either of the apparitions,” she says, as she searches. “I didn’t remember this until you asked, but, actually, there was something familiar about the man I saw. He reminded me of a portrait we used to have hanging in the drawing room. Ah, here we are.”
“Come on then.” He follows me up the stairs, outwardly calm, but practically radiating nervous energy. Or maybe that’s me projecting again. Oh, God, we are
His mood of optimism held until he found himself standing at the gates of Hogwarts itself. The castle could present several faces, depending on how one approached it. Viewed from the front entrance, it loomed imposingly, a fortress, heavy with centuries of accumulated lore. There was a reason, John thought, that new students were brought in via the lake instead, and he wondered which headmaster had initiated that tradition. There was something Dumbledorean about it. But he, a supplicant, was offered no such mercy. Even now he could see the half-repaired rooftops on some of the towers, a reminder of the great events which had taken place here only a little time ago.
“What about?” John didn’t have a problem with Slytherins, generally, but he was not interested in being enlisted for any kind of scheme, and this had a rather scheme-ish flavor about it.
it, and yet I also know that the Hound is out there, in here with me, evil and intent. I ring Sherlock’s mobile, and everything is backwards, reality inverted. I need someone—him, my one friend, my other half—to tell me that it’s all okay.
Sherlock may not be able to see his London from above, but that doesn’t stop me from looking down at it, once I’ve reassured myself that his respiration is within the range of normal. I wonder whether today’s the day the extras are walking out, but I can’t tell from the air. We left early enough that the deserted streets could have been due to the hour. I suppose our pilot—and everyone we meet on this excursion, come to think of it—must have been hand-picked by Mycroft with even more care than usual. The streets and buildings diminish beneath us as we ascend, and soon I can see the rough edges, the surveillance stations, the official airstrip outside of town, the road blockades. Are we escaping Mycroft’s clutches, or flying deeper into them?
The only time they had anything like a close encounter was on the school trip to Hogsmeade. John was walking down the street with Cory Brogan. Cory’s parents were both Muggles, and he had a Muggle music playing device with him, something called a
“I’m afraid that’s what Mycroft was getting at.  There have been magicians in the past who kept humans--ordinary humans, I mean--as familiars.  We...don’t do that anymore.”
His knot swelled up so fast it hurt, and John gave a feral cry, his knuckles white on the bedsheets. In no time at all he was coming, with Sherlock just seconds behind. Sherlock was quite beyond words, but John was grunting “Oh, fuck, Jesus, oh, my God,” until, with a long groan, he began to come down. Then he began to shake, and Sherlock realized he was laughing.
I squeeze my eyes shut against his innocence, take a moment just to breathe. Then I pull my fingers out of his waistband and touch the clothed ridge of his erection.
“Not the way I do.” At right angles to me, he gazes into the middle distance. “Sherlock has given his heart to you entirely. Did you know that?”
It was possible, John learned, to function with a broken heart. He kept going to his classes. He kept up with the demands of the Panacea Potion—his, and Sherlock’s batch as well. (Thankfully, after the Blessing, there were no other steps in the preparation that required working with other wizards). He got letters from Madam Pomfrey and Professor McGonagall, and after working up his courage, he approached Professor Snape after Potions.
“Oh, John, that’s—“ He breaks off with a shallow gasp, bites his lip and releases it. “I’m so close, but I—it’s too—“
“You did. Not consciously, maybe, but—everyone hides things from themselves. That was the really—the really fucked up thing.” He takes a deep breath. “Mycroft told everyone you were fragile. He implied that you were liable to have some kind of—some kind of breakdown. And everyone believed it, because you were so…wounded. You obviously had a hole in your heart. And I think that’s what it was, you know? I think, deep down inside, you knew.”
“Want to come with you in me,” he says, against my lips, and of course I need no further invitation.
I stare at it for several seconds before a cold spike of realization shoots down through me, rooting me to the spot. I glance up to see if Sherlock has noticed, but he’s still giving me his coldest shoulder.  I try very hard not to look as though I find the paper unduly interesting, because I’m pretty sure what I’m holding is pure, deadly contraband: a little shard of the outside world, trying to tear a hole in Sherlock’s universe.
Though eccentric in his habits, John found that he rather liked living with Sherlock.  He seemed to have little interest in asking John about his past--perhaps because he guessed all of it--and seemed to appreciate John’s respect for his own privacy in return.  Now and then, they would find themselves sitting companionably in the facing armchairs, perhaps sharing a newspaper (for Sherlock read these with keen interest), [ implies Sherlock investigates mundane crime]and they exchanged such conversation as almost anyone might.  At those times, John might almost have forgotten what his flatmate was, unless he looked up and couldn’t see Sherlock’s eyes.  In truth, he spent a good deal of time trying to see those eyes; they became an enigma to him, a puzzle to solve.  It was easy to forget that Sherlock might be gazing back at him.
Apologies for the delay! Some tangles needed combing out, and my personal life has taken a turn for the hectic. Forward progress, ahoy!
The sun was getting low in the sky by now, and most of the students in the library were packing up their things.
Lestrade shows his palms, as though approaching a nervous animal. “It turns out we need you to answer a few more questions back at the station.”
What the phone does have is software. There’s an app called Blick, and another called K2K. Both are entirely opaque in the their design. Blick shows a long list of eight-digit numbers, any of which can be selected or deselected, to no apparent effect. K2K shows a single button which toggles between red and green when touched.
like water on hot coals, and Sherlock’s whole being comes apart into steam. John is with him, touching him, his voice crooning, but Sherlock can’t make out the words, can’t sort out the touch, can only ride along in the color-pulsing darkness of his squeezed-shut eyes as every nerve is struck at once, as he pulses and shivers and juices and melts, endlessly.
“Turn over,” John says, and it’s John’s voice, so Sherlock does. John flings back the bedclothes, the chill air like a balm on the overheated skin of Sherlock’s legs and buttocks. He refuses to think ahead. If it’s too much he can always stop it.
An unexpected feeling passes through him at the sound of it: John, powerless and frightened. Perhaps he could have done this some other way: used Lestrade, somehow, or manipulated a stranger into ingesting the sugar. But, no, it had to be John. To use anyone else for his experiment—especially now, at the pivotal moment of the case—would violate their tacit contract, the one that designates John as his primary confederate in all matters pertaining to the work, especially when adrenaline is involved.
“Well, Mycroft did look out for the important stuff,” I joke. And oh, shit, let’s please not let that little comment spoil the mood.
So John went to meet the headmistress—Minerva—at her family’s estate outside of Edinburgh. She asked him many questions this time, including some rather probing ones about his relationship with Sherlock. They had a long conversation, and at the end of it John felt reasonably optimistic. Sure enough, a few weeks before the start of term, a letter came offering him the position. He accepted, and he and Sherlock celebrated with dinner out and a night of quite spectacular sex.
Much later in the morning he sends a text to Vanessa, and we meet with a real estate broker later that day.
it. But what was it? The notes were pulling at him, carrying him. Tenderly. Tears welled suddenly in his eyes. He couldn’t stop them, and they rolled down his cheeks.
The effects of Sherlock’s earlier efforts were readily apparent. John was fairly mewling with need, a state he only ever got into when in heat. The pseudo-estrus drove him with a nearly irresistible imperative to achieve orgasm in the presence of an Alpha knot. If he wasn’t knotted he wouldn’t come, but nor could he easily descend from his pitch of sexual arousal. The physiology of the process was such that Sherlock could not always quite keep up with him, and when he failed, this was the result, John rendered almost incoherent, his skin flushed and heart racing. The sight of it now, with Sherlock unable to touch him, was akin to torture, and not precisely in the way Sherlock had anticipated. Lestrade was putting in a good effort — John’s body jolted with each powerful thrust of his cock — but he clearly hadn’t been as worked up as John and was taking his time about achieving a knot.
He thought he was resigned to this plan. When the day came, he boarded the Hogwarts Express determined not to have too heavy a heart. He sat in a train compartment with Dominic Turnbull and Erica Rowbottom, two of his best Hufflepuff friends. They chatted happily for a while, but John found himself only half listening. He gazed out of the window.
“Sherlock, where the hell did you go?” The words erupted out of his throat, much more raw than he’d intended. “Why didn’t you ever write back to me?”
I skate my hand along his collarbone, then let one fingertip stroke lightly up the front of his neck. He raises his chin so fast we almost bump heads. I palm his throat softly, trace his jawline with my thumb, hardly daring to breathe for the beauty of it. He shivers, breath catching, and from the sound he makes I know that he is biting his lip.
.  I break the kiss with a gasp, and push Sherlock away from me.  He looks confused, blankly vulnerable.  God, what can I possibly tell him?  That the walls have eyes?  That the blogosphere has got to be fucking lighting up right now, if we haven’t been darked out?  That his big brother has made a none too subtle threat to blow me up if I get too cozy with him?
I have to stop and think about it.  “I guess it doesn’t bother me,” I say.  “I mean I’m just acting, the same as you.”
“Yeah, well, it sure as hell wasn’t yours.” He grimaces. We’ve been over this quite a lot: what was his fault and what wasn’t, what he could have done differently and what he couldn’t. He still loses sleep over it, sometimes, but I’m fairly sure he’s gotten over the urge to leave me for my own good.
It was still dark, early morning, with a half moon staring in, and Sherlock was up, wrapped in a dressing gown, playing his violin near the window. But it wasn’t the violin that had woken him. He had been sleeping soundly, he felt, though he also remembered having a bad dream, and he knew the music had been with him when he slept. He lay still, listening to it. He knew the tune; knew it perfectly, note for note. But he couldn’t think what it was called or where he had heard it before.
“Oi,” I say. She casts a glance my way and touches the brim of her hat, but keeps walking, melting into the rush of people making their way into the courtroom. What the hell? I consider following her, but then Sherlock emerges, looking as though nothing has happened.
It’s much easier to enter him, this time, and he gives a deep, satisfied groan, nearly in unison with me. He pulls me down hard against him before giving me space to move, and then it’s just a few fast, hard thrusts before he’s moaning, coming slick and wet between our bellies with his head pressed back against the pillow.
He wasn’t especially worried about any of his classes, with the minor exception of Potions. He understood the material well enough, he thought, but Professor Snape was nothing if not exacting. He had given John a passing grade the year before, but he had also called him in for a lecture about “applying himself” and “not being distracted by frivolous pursuits”, by which John supposed he meant Quidditch, though he could also have been talking about Seraphina. Whichever it was, Snape definitely had his eye on John. Since John wouldn’t be accepted to apprenticeship at St. Mungo’s without a grade of at least Exceeds Expectations in Potions, it wouldn’t do to let the professor down.
“It bothers you that you can’t see my eyes,” Sherlock said, and though he could not see it, John knew that Sherlock was looking at him, his gaze an almost physical weight.
“The point,” John said, as calmly as he could, “is that I like you and I’ll miss you and it would make me happy to know that you were thinking of me, too.”
John finished out the school year with no further word from Sherlock. Gryffindor won the house cup that year, with Dumbledore awarding a lot of points rather high-handedly, John thought, at the last moment. The Panacea Potion turned out beautifully: a thick, golden liquid that almost hummed with potency. On the last day of class, he decanted his and Sherlock’s potions together into a large crystal bottle. To his surprise, Snape tipped a dose of it into a small vial before stoppering the bottle.
“I know.” He sighs, looks out the window again. “I know. But god, I’m tired. I don’t know what the hell I’m doing. I didn’t expect it to be so…” He trails off. Sherlock doesn’t press him. No doubt he expected the arrival of his offspring to smooth out the bumps in his relationship with Mary. No doubt he expected a bundle of joy. But Mary is more than a bit depressed, and Livy is a crier.
“So,” he goes on, addressing the room. “You’ll all keep playing your parts for a while longer. I’ll keep steering our boy in the right direction, and when the crucial moment comes, we’ll make sure the escape hatch is open. Meanwhile, take a good look around you at the other people in this room. You’ve all been complicit in keeping Sherlock in the dark. Now I’m asking you to help me bring him into the light.”
“You always say that.” Big hands gesturing frustration. “By what logic is it not a good idea? You’d like it, I think I’d like it. It’s not as though we couldn’t stop if one of us didn’t.”
I slip my hand inside his jacket, and he lets me pull him down for a kiss, our first since the night we fought. Just a soft touch of lips, at first. I expect I’ll just keep things light, give him space. But then his tongue brushes against my lips, and my mouth opens, somehow, and he exhales with a soft grunt or moan of…of surprise, maybe, or pleasure, and everything comes rushing up inside me. Without thinking about it, I slide my fingers up into his hair to get him just
John pondered this strange encounter for the rest of the afternoon, trying to guess whether he had chosen rightly.  It was true that he could hardly wait to see the last of the grim bedsit room where he’d been staying, and it was also true that he could hardly afford more than the nonexistent rent that Sherlock Holmes had offered.  Still, it would at least be interesting, and that was something he had to admit he’d been craving.  Scary and strange, or safe and dull?  It was not even really a question.
Lestrade sighs. “I’m supposed to try and take him back to the station, keep an eye on him. Make sure he doesn’t…you know.”
“There you are,” John’s voice says, and Sherlock’s adrenaline spike slides away into something almost warm.
If you've just discovered this fic and read up to this point in a single fevered binge, you can skip the rest of this note.
Of course I’m not a hacker, myself. Only a puller of strings, and an actor. I do love acting, and I’m quite good at it. Once my connections have done their work, I slip inside, just ever so gently, and set to work in my much-preferred idiom. Time to give Sherlock his clues. Sorry, cues. I meant cues.
But then: the Hound. The engine of his thoughts whirrs and stutters to a stop. Wrong, he’s been wrong. What’s missing? If it’s not a drug, then it’s a hoax, and a complicated one, much more than could be managed by an ambitious young tour guide with a good story. This would take planning, power, resources. A concentrated effort to make Sherlock Holmes doubt his sanity. Who would have that kind of ability, that kind of genius? Who would have the motivation?
Even with my good overcoat on, Holmes was still obviously suffering. If he had spent all the warmth from his core, then the dry coat would serve no purpose but to hold his wet clothes against his body. It was, all in all, a profoundly stupid situation. Good men had died of less foolish errors. However, given Holmes’ piteous state, I resolved to save my tongue-lashing until after he was out of danger.
“I’d claim it was because I thought he’d take it better coming from you,” he says. “But the truth is, I just wanted the excuse for us to have this little chat. Bad behavior has consequences, Jack. Do I make myself clear?”
“Travel.” He rolls onto his back, but stays close to me. “Have to stay in England for a while, I suppose, until the business with Mycroft is settled. Then I thought, maybe, a kind of holiday. See the world. That sort of thing.”
So Sherlock set his hand on John’s hip and drew back far enough to line himself up. He glanced down. It did look almost ludicrously unlikely, to stuff
It’s unmistakably the same piece that I carried while I was inside: the one that shot Jefferson Hope, the one that’s always protected Sherlock. It feels good to have it with me again. Together, we continue the search.
John turned over immediately, so that he was lying on his other side facing Sherlock. He was still breathing hard, his eyes full of some unreadable expression as they searched Sherlock’s face.
“Yeah,” said John, rolling the thing between his hands. “Sometimes. Erm. Thank you. It’ll be fun to try out.”
It turns out to be a quiet little case, no running or jumping or shooting. Sherlock works it out neatly and does his reveal in classic fashion, with victim and criminal and law enforcement all handily in the same room. Elegant, like a magician. Even if the clues were planted, even if somebody, somewhere, knew how it would end, it’s still Sherlock that makes it work—his intelligence, his art. He glances at me in the midst of his speech and catches me smiling at him. He smiles back, eyes alight. I’ve gotten a lid on it by the time we get home, but it’s too late. He is flushed with success, and I with admiration.
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “He did. But no, I didn’t make it. I made a useless, twinkly brown sludge. So if you’re looking for someone to cheat off of—“
John rolled his eyes. “Well, look, you don’t have to, but I’ll be in the library at four today if you change your mind.”
The Great Falls of the Reichenbach, painted in 1804 by Joseph Mallord William Turner, remained obscure for most of its existence. It came to broader public attention in 2017 when the V&A had an exhibition on “Sherlock Holmes: Past, Present, and Future,” arranged to coincide with the period of my Sherlock’s life when it became clear that he was truly capable of growing into his namesake’s legendary shoes.
He rolls his eyes. “Obviously. I’m not going to take it away from you. I’m going to show you how it works. The last thing I want is to play voyeur to you deflowering my younger sibling.”
“Nice of you to join us, Mr. Watson,” Snape intoned, but he didn’t fail John on the spot, which might mean there was still a chance he could save the Panacea Potion.
My brain feels sluggish. Oh—he means the two phones. He’s waiting for me to ask about the second phone. I open my mouth, then realize that the other phone may be a secret. If I mention it, Mycroft will know. Of course, he probably figured it out when I pushed the button in K2K, but—I can’t be sure.
Chaos. With its linchpin pulled, Sherlock’s London descends almost instantaneously into utter lawlessness.
Footsteps in the hall, a heavy door opening quietly. His feet make almost no sound on the plush wool carpet, but I can hear him breathing. Two more steps, and he’ll be right where I want him. Just the two of us, at the end of this long road…
I’m really just fondling him, gentle pulls with no particular rhythm, but after only a few moments he grabs my wrist, stilling me.
John’s gaze is on his food, on the paper, on the table. Oh. Oh, damn. Sherlock takes a deep breath so that he’s fully prepared when John looks at him at last.
. He would have drawn upon his connections to evade capture, perhaps to live out his days in some comfortable exile. But that story is over.
“It is Brunhilde’s Beatific Blessing, isn’t it?” This was an incantation John had learned in third year charms. He hoped he remembered all the words.
John touches a finger to his jaw, then, and Sherlock jumps at the contact, not wanting to lose focus. But that gentle finger strokes down his neck, down his chest over his tee shirt, down to the tie of his dressing gown, which John unties with a single, deft movement. And then John is—Jesus—touching his cock, caressing him through a single thin layer of cotton, and he hadn’t known how much he needed just
So, carefully, he pressed forward, nestling his slick-sensitive glans up against the tight ring of John’s hole. He felt John brace himself. He
On New Year’s eve, I get a surprise visit from a pretty woman who, once she quits flirting with me, has the unrufflable air of one of Mycroft’s script consultants. I sigh a bit; I’d been genuinely hoping for a bit of fresh air, a few minutes away from Sherlock’s mood of intense, gloomy distraction. But evidently we’re going to film a scene.
“Yes, sir,” John said, and went back to his rooms. But he couldn’t help noticing that Snape had not said he didn’t know anything.
A few people have commented that my Wizarding names are especially good. The truth is, I am crap at coming up with names, and nearly all the names in this fic came from this
“Never mind, I’ll get something while I’m out,” John said.  He went to put his jacket on, but Sherlock stopped him before he left the house.
Aileen laughs.  “Oh come on, John, don’t tell me you weren’t giving as good as you got.  I guess you’re not much of an actor if that was your version of ‘confused straight guy being snogged by a bloke.’”
The patterns of their life are set. Their contentment is of the kind that seems eternal. Few of the young witches and wizards at the school can imagine that there was a time before the present. But John and Sherlock were young themselves, once, and they have not always been together.
“If you must,” Sherlock said. So John went in and sat down across from him. Sherlock looked up at him briefly, then back down at his book.
We pay our bill and go to meet the car that will take us to our helicopter. The motion of the car intensifies something that I’ve been dimly aware of all morning, a floaty, raw sensation that must be the aftereffect of the fear gas. Were we really as sober as we thought last night? Have I made a mistake? Is Sherlock upset with me?
“We’ll talk about it later,” I said. “Excessive excitement would be quite dangerous to your heart just now.”
“Fine,” said Mycroft, rising smoothly. By now the kettle had whistled, and John jumped to turn it off.  Mycroft spied him popping out of the pantry, and stopped in his tracks, regarding John with a strange expression.
“Now now, Sherlock,” said the stranger, hanging up his hat and beginning to remove his gloves, “let’s not pretend you weren’t expecting me.”  Something about his long nose and supercilious tone grated instantly on John’s nerves, and it was plain that Sherlock felt the same.  The newcomer walked over and loomed above John’s seat, quite as though he expected John to give it up for him.  John darted a look at Sherlock, felt the weight of his gaze, and stayed put.
I palm him through the thin cotton. His breath hitches as I explore, gently kneading up the hot, hard shaft. The flare of his frenulum is smooth and warm, the tip leaking dampness through the cloth.
I am not sure I would have given you my address if I had realized how vapid your communiques would be. To answer your questions: fine, yes, no, yes (unfortunately), and I like mince pies, as well.
“I suppose you’re all wondering why I’ve gathered you here today,” he says, with an ironic half grin. “Well, the fact is, it’s no easy feat getting all of you in the same room, and I thought we could use a moment for all of the key players to get on the same page.”
“She has rubbish taste in personal assistants, though,” Sherlock goes on. “All the ones she sent me have dropped too many hints about their employers in public. Well, except Vanessa Carlton.”
John released him at last with a smack and buried his face in the crook of Sherlock’s shoulder, still lying on top of him. “Fucking hell,” he said, still breathless. “Christ, Sherlock, that was wild, you’ve no idea.”
Sherlock thought about refusing, just to see what would happen. He dragged his feet off the desk, and rolled the chair around to the other side, next to John, without getting out of it. Lestrade thumped his coffee down on the desk with a weary sigh and dragged one of the other chairs into its place.
, of course.  His struggles, his brilliance, his isolation.  Watching the show, it seems natural: the life of a genius.  But now that I’m here, with him, I realize how it must actually feel, and as Sherlock tucks happily into his food and tells me about Jeff Hope and soaks up my admiration like a bone-dry sponge, I start to feel pretty fucking terrible.  As we’re cracking our fortune cookies, Sherlock asks if I’m all right.  I tell him I’m just tired, joke about needing an orange blanket.  My fortune cookie says “A loaded gun can be the sword of justice.”
So begins the hardest period of my life with Sherlock so far, two long months during which we fail spectacularly, over and over again, at making up. Sherlock has pretty clearly decided that if we’re ever going to so much as hold hands again, it’s me that has to make the first move. I, of course cannot capitulate to these tactics. If anything, it’s worse than it was before; even fighting with him is dishonest, and surrendering doubly so.
I need to get control of this. I need to figure out what he’s thinking. But I can’t speak, can barely breathe, with Sherlock looking at me this way.
“But why should anyone want to do me harm?”  Sherlock asked, his voice rising so that John could hear it clearly.  “I’ve renounced my House, I have no title, no standing at all.  There’s nothing to gain by challenging me.”
It wasn’t what he had expected, but at least he’d had brains enough to expect that it wouldn’t be. He was assigned to London, and his day to day duties were, for the most part, rather dull: obliviating Muggles, confiscating illegal artifacts, that sort of thing. But just now and then he got a chance to make a real difference, like the time he was part of a raid that broke up a nest of dark wizards in a club in Central London. They’d been about to carry out an attack on a Goblin tenement that would have resulted in the loss of many lives, not to mention an unacceptable increase in inter-species tension in the city and beyond. That was the first time John came face to face with true evil, the kind that he had become an Auror to fight. One of the wizards started to cast the Killing Curse at John, but John disarmed him lightning fast and hit him with a paralysis hex. That night, before going to bed in his small rented room, John looked at himself in the mirror and knew that he had chosen the right path.
“A young woman, usually,” she says, turning to him. “Dressed in a tattered gown. I’ve seen her several times, in different places. I’ve heard wailing, also—a woman wailing.”
He sets the pill on his tongue and swallows it dry. He glances at his mobile, then peers up at the cloudless sky.
John Watson knows I’m not a real threat.  In fact, when we met, he recognized me from my stage career, which was sweet.  It did make me feel a bit safer, considering how things went down with that first fellow, the cabbie.  John has an itchy trigger finger.  But in this case, it’s Sherlock who has the gun; predictable enough that he’d bring it with him to the pool.  He’s no fool, after all.  I’m wearing kevlar, just in case, but it sill sets my hair on end a little, having a real gun pointed at me.  Only the first of many, I’m sure.
If only he could look harder for a camera. He’d gouge the wall open looking for it, if it weren’t for Coventry. John, in particular, mustn’t know that he suspects. Because the facts so far suggest that John is in league with one of them: Mycroft, Irene, Moriarty.
“Yeah, fuck, shit, yeah,” John moaned, and he was losing it. Lestrade gave a hard growl and started to come, teeth bared, his shoulders like rocks. John yelped, thrashing on the invading knot, his fluid dribbling onto Sherlock’s stomach. Hardly thinking about what he was doing, Sherlock took hold of John’s hips and centered himself below John’s bouncing prick. He pressed up and, the very second there was room, he shoved in, right in alongside Lestrade’s softening cock, shockingly tight and slippery. John whined, but not in protest.
John rescues him.  There is a small part of him that wonders what would have happened if he hadn’t come in, but the interruption is enough to reboot his crashed intellect, and from there, things proceed more or less as planned, modulo a CIA raid.  But then, out of nowhere, a syringe, and he’s…finished.
“Well if he were willing to work with us, then why was he hiding in a disappeared garage in Croydon?”
“He won’t let anything happen to you,” one of them says. Have they even been paying attention? Have they noticed how very much Sherlock does
“You think this is all old hat for me, do you? Because you haven’t done it before, and I have?” A kiss on his nose, and one where the corner of his mouth is turning up a little ruefully. He shrugs, not denying anything.
“That’d be an awful lot of work for free lodging. Can you imagine me with a bunch of teenagers? They’re like a different species.”
He released John’s chin, dropping the cotton bud into a small bottle which he withdrew from his pocket.  Then, without another word, he clambered off of John’s bed and left the room.  John heard his hurried footsteps on the stairs.
Sherlock waves his hand. “A figment of your imagination, most likely. You’d already been primed to see ghosts, and your mind supplied a familiar figure.”
“Fuck, yeah, Jesus,” John groaned, and he was dripping sweat all over Sherlocks chest, tilting his hips to somehow let them both fuck him at once. And then Lestrade slipped out and it was just Sherlock, swelling up again to fill him while Lestrade covered John’s back, mouth on John’s shoulder, his eyes closed while John took his third and final load of pungent Alpha spunk, throbbing slow and hot together with Sherlock, his mate, his first and last and only. Sherlock had never been more sure of it. He pulled John close and kissed him, John shivering all over. Sherlock petted his back, his head, his upper arms, until John at last went limp against him. Then he remembered to see to their guest.
“Yeah, the sound pickup’s not been great outdoors. Nor in your room either, by the way. Just the two cameras in there, and a couple little mics. All they could manage on short notice. He only just got word of the  extras strike in time to get Sherlock out. They’re scrambling to repopulate the city while you two are gone. It’s a nightmare. If you break the golden rule at the same time, it’ll all go tits up, so please, for all our sakes, just don’t.”
“She—what?” I haven’t thought too much about where the gun came from. I’d assumed that Sherlock sent it, or Brook.
“She was vague on that point,” Sherlock says. “But she was…convincing. She told me to come here if I needed answers.”
And so they fell into a routine of studying together. It was…well, it was useful. John’s grades definitely improved. And it was pleasant—fun, even, being with Sherlock, getting to know him. His point of view was different from anyone John had ever met; he almost always came away from their sessions with some new thought in his head. And Sherlock could tell the most extraordinary things about people just by looking at them, like where they had grown up and what they were interested in and what they were scared of. John was dead impressed with that particular skill, even when Sherlock’s observations weren’t funny or scandalous or horrifying, which they frequently were. John was half desperate to know what Sherlock could deduce about
Aileen Aster.  She gets brought onto the set to film some background scenes before Sherlock learns of her existence.  I don’t have any scenes with her, but I’m there to film a scripted meeting with Greg, and the two of us are on a coffee break when the chat show queen sweeps into the break room, PA in tow.  Greg and I exchange incredulous looks, but she saves us from gawking by coming right over to say hello.
“We’ve known each other a long time, you and I, haven’t we, Lestrade.” His tone of voice gives nothing away.
Sherlock shrugged. “He told me I’d fail the class, and he was right. He usually is. But he let me in again without any problems.”
I'm delighted that things turned out so I could post this chapter on my birthday! :-D Happy explicit gay sex day to me!
Our bathroom has a little round shaving mirror on a swing arm. As I’m lifting my chin to shave the edge of my jaw, I feel again his touch against my carotid. I slide a soapy fingertip to touch the spot, remembering, and I feel the quick and steady thud-thud-thud of my heart—my true and living, aching heart.
“John,” he says, right up close. Glancing up, I’m caught by his eyes, luminous in the kitchen light. I’ve a dishcloth in one hand and a half-full mug in the other.  Then his hand is on my jaw. Then he’s kissing me.
We sit down, and tea materializes. Speedy’s is a detailed reflection of a down-at-heels cafe in the real world, down to the flecked formica tables, red tomato ketchup bottles, and strong, bitter tea. Mycroft doesn’t touch his cup; he catches the cafe owner’s eye and flicks his fingers, indicating the man should leave. Mr. Chatterjee nods—bows?—and quickly makes himself scarce.
“Now wait just a minute.  You are not ever collecting anything off of me without my express permission.”
Sherlock makes a sound, and some tension goes out of him. He does that thing again where his whole body somehow melts against me, despite his greater height, and I get my arms around him. He’s warm inside his tailored shirt, the fabric smooth beneath my hands. He’s half-hard in his trousers, and I’m much the same—maybe more than half—but for now we’re just kissing. Lips and tongues and air.
, said John, and he thrust faster, and squeezed, and Sherlock lost the thread of his thought and started stroking himself again. His glans was against John’s prostate, he thought, which explained why John’s movements seemed less and less to do with the toy and more to do with impaling himself on Sherlock’s cock.
and noodles away on it for quite some time, following themes to their various conclusions. John doesn’t emerge. He plays
Sherlock pauses in the doorway, then drifts in slowly, taking everything in. He takes his torch and examines the walls.
In answer, Sherlock kissed him. It was the mirror of that first kiss on the train, but they were not mere boys any longer. John’s pulse spiked instantly, and he pulled Sherlock to him with his free hand. Sherlock let go of John’s wrist to cradle his cheek, and John felt suddenly every inch of Sherlock’s height, the strength he had gained, the knowledge that dwelt in his bones.
“Um,” John said. “Well, you know. Help each other stay focused. Talk over the difficult stuff. Just company. You know.”
“Shh, it’s okay.” Fucking Mycroft. I’ll destroy him. Softly, softly I touch Sherlock’s cock. He makes no sound, though I think, from the way his breath shakes, that he would like to. He is so hard. I let my mouth fall to the back of his shoulder, breathing into the cloth beneath my lips. His prick jumps beneath my hand.
“Truth is,” said Lestrade, “I’ve always wanted to try something like this, but I always worried about emotional complications.”
The bike puts on a burst of speed. Nothing hinders us for several miles, that is, until we come to an intersection blocked by a stationary lorry. Sherlock wavers a little, then rides up onto the pavement, scattering pedestrians, to skirt the obstacle. We get back into the roadway, but the road is blocked a little ways on with construction equipment. Sherlock says something—probably a curse, but it’s muffled by the helmet. We roll up onto the pavement again, but there are too many people. Sherlock stops the motorbike and tosses the helmet away. We start shoving through the crowd, but it’s impossible, too many bodies; they must have every extra in the city crowded in here trying to slow us down. A police siren starts up, cutting through the noise, and Sherlock stops, turning suddenly.
“Oh,” he says. “Good. That’ll make things easier.” His ears are pink. God, why is the sofa so far from the armchair?
She smiles, a sort of sly, lopsided smile that makes me think I could get to like her after all. “You would, wouldn’t you?” Then she casts a meaningful look toward the sitting room, where Sherlock is still, evidently, deep in his mind palace trance. “But for now, actually, I need you to slip away for a bit so Sherlock and I can talk.”
He hunches down into himself, muscles hardening. I pull my hand free and stroke his bare arm, hoping to gentle him. I have to bite my tongue against the further flow of words, against all the things I mustn’t say. Not yet.
He solved seven cases from his inbox before noon, and made appointments to meet with three new clients. Then he went out to do some legwork for a suspected extramarital affair. It was elementary, really, but it didn’t hurt to be sure, and anyhow, he rather fancied a walk. He’d just confirmed his suspicions (the person in question was taking patisserie classes in secret because she knew her husband would say it was a waste of money) when Lestrade texted him with a nice double murder. This took up the rest of the afternoon, and it was 4:30 when he got a text from John.
Naturally, I follow him. As soon as I hear the outer door closing, I run out of the empty flat and out into the street. But it’s no good: the crowd has found us out. The street is full of people, though not quite so many as the main road where we jumped over the gate. I suppose the intent of this tactic is either to impede Sherlock’s progress or to have enough eyes on him that his trajectory can be extrapolated, but it has all too clearly backfired, as Sherlock has disappeared amid the throng. Probably just took his coat off and changed his gait, and the average idiot was too unobservant to take any notice.
A beat passes, and then he lets go of my hand to pluck a tissue from the becozied box on the bedside table. He gets it into catching position. “Okay,” he says, ready now, and I’m struck by how funny and endearing that might be in an ordinary lover. But Sherlock isn’t ordinary, and I have to swallow a lump in my throat. I kiss his neck to hide my reaction, and forge ahead.
Greg shrugged and shook his head. “Nah. Feels good. Feels like — like coming to dinner. Cozy. I’m glad you joined in, though, Sherlock, it was a bit weird before.”
“Wait! John,” Sherlock leapt up and caught his wrist, stopping him. “I’m sorry,” he said, “I’ve made a mess of this.”
“Sherlock.” He crouches down beside me. I look out toward the sea—surprisingly blue, actually—but he turns my face toward him with a finger on my chin. (His eyes are also surprisingly blue.) “Sherlock, I know you’re bored to death. I know you think nobody will believe you, but you can’t go on like this forever. You’ve got to solve crimes. It’s what you do.”
“A Sunday,” Sherlock corrected him. “But, no, it wasn’t that. It was the other bit. I researched Brunhilde’s Blessing, actually. I read about what would happen if three wizards cast it together, and I…I couldn’t bring myself to do it. There was nobody in the class I could imagine doing that with.”
Now it’s my turn to get Sherlock interested.  Most of what I do from here is scripted: the shoes in the basement, the old woman on the phone.  But I go a little off the rails when Molly introduces me to Sherlock.  The gay act, the phone number…improvisation.  The phone number I give him is 72 6678 4266.  I wonder how long it will take him to work out the hidden word.  Not long, I expect.
strikes me as a bit ambitious, but I keep my mouth shut. Sherlock is leaned back in his chair, eyes narrowed as he gazes at a point somewhere to the left of Mrs. Hudson’s elbow.
John sputtered, deciding among several different responses, not the least of which was to ask how Sherlock could be so thick as to suppose he’d sleep through such a thing.  He finally settled on:
John sat for a moment longer, feeling the tension that coiled dangerously between the two magicians, then thought
“It’s happened a time or two before. He’ll be taken by helicopter to a location outside of his London. There’ll be a case there to distract him. The key thing is, John, you’ve got to go with him. No matter what else comes up, you’ve got to stay with him. Is that clear?”
He withdraws his finger and unbends himself from between my thighs—I hear his knee joint pop, must have been getting a bit cramped down there. He slides up warm against me, and I roll to my side to kiss him, his hot cheek, his red mouth, his hands curled on my chest, my thumb at his temple. I could gather him all up in a bundle. Want to hold him completely, touch him everywhere at once.
“Now, listen,” he goes on. “Can we call the detective on that case? Because I really don’t want to hear that some poor brown-skinned lady is going to get life in prison for killing that girl.”
The key to this work is balance: reality against fiction, carrot against stick, inside against outside.
“Ta very much, but I think we’ll be okay. Our room has an armchair I can kip on, if His Nibs decides he wants to actually sleep in a bed for once.”
Still, the job did get done in the end, the rather spiky little shrubs poking out of their parcels like a row of disappointing Christmas presents. John had a free period next, so he stayed a bit late to help clean up. When he stepped outside the greenhouse, he was amazed to find a tall boy in Slytherin robes waiting for him.
“Well, yeah, but they should get the right guy. Do you still think they’re going to frame the nanny?”
Sherlock was Alpha now, and so it was with some trepidation that he listened to John’s footsteps trotting down the stairs and the slam of the front door; not angry, just rushed. Didn’t want to miss his train. Eight fifteen now. Forty minutes for the commute, at least eight hours at work, forty minutes more to get home again…
I’m not sure what exactly it is that wakes me up, but I open my eyes to find to Sherlock propped on one elbow, gazing intently at my face in the early light. He’s still got all the blankets, the untidy mass of them pushed down around his waist like draperies on a roman statue, although he is still wearing the tee shirt he slept in. His hair is wild, his cheeks still rosy with sleep. I feel small and rumpled by comparison, but he’s looking at me as though I were worthy of his interest.
John had all of half a second to gape at him before the cauldron on the fire bubbled over and combusted with a loud bang and a blinding flash of light. John dove to one side to get away from the blast, and Holly threw herself behind a pillar. Sherlock, John saw when the smoke cleared, had been thrown backward. John stood and went to him quickly and was relieved to find him still conscious. John helped him to sit up. Sherlock coughed and waved smoke away from his face.
Sherlock releases my mouth to lick at my overheated ear. “Can I do this for you? Like you did—I liked it. Do you like it?”
“No,” Sherlock said. “I sent you that last note from a safehouse on the way. It was actually quite risky. I had to tell Archimedes not to come back to me, and Mycroft gave me hell for it anyway, when he figured out I’d done it.”
It felt like the hardest thing John had ever done. Whatever the Blessing had done to Sherlock, John was painfully of aware of what it had done to
So this is the day when I learn that if you had a lot of money to throw around in 1820, you could get a little tiny toy pistol that would shoot out a clockwork bird that would sing a song and move about and everything. A fully functional matched pair of such pistols, worth a fortune, has apparently been stolen. An antiques specialist at the auction house shows us some photos and a video of one of the guns in action, rhapsodizing all the while about what a miracle of art and technology they are. I find it at least moderately interesting, but Sherlock hits pause on the video before it’s through and asks to see where the pistols were stored.
John moved his hot mouth close to Sherlock’s ear. “Tell him he can have me,” he whispered, and Sherlock was on solid ground again. He knew what game they were playing. He slid his hands down to John’s buttocks, opening him.
Then one day I come out of the shower and find Sherlock surrounded by a drift of aged tissue paper, unpacking a fancy porcelain tea service from a box. The little scones from the day’s grocery delivery are already arranged on a plate with some strawberries and lemon curd in the middle.
As the miles slip by, a cold place yawns open inside him, dark and void, sinking down deeper and emptier with every word he reads, every image that swims across his vision. He can feel it there, beckoning, but he doesn’t wish to look into it just now, so he avails himself of a little trick that he’s used several times before. He puts the abyss into a little broom closet in his mind palace, locks the door, and throws away the key.
He must not forget that John picked up Irene’s phone, did something with it, and denied having noticed the duplicate. John knows something. Sherlock needs to find out what it is, but he dares not ask out loud. Meanwhile, where John is concerned, he’ll just have to…no, impossible to stay level-headed. The hot flush that comes over Sherlock at the mere thought of him is proof enough of that. He’ll just have to wait, and trust, and be vigilant, and try to find out if this bottomless ache can be satisfied before it all falls apart.
“This,” he says, then straightens to show me a small clump of fluttery grey ash cupped in his gloved palm. I’ve been around long enough to know what it is.
“So what—why are you telling me this? Aren’t you worried I’ll—I dunno—get up to something? Meet up with Moriarty?”
A cold thread works through the haze. Danger. Still, I tell him. “The same as anyone’s, I suppose. Dad drank a bit, but he wasn’t violent, just…absent, sometimes. Mum held us all together pretty well. My…sister was in a lot of school clubs and things, so I was alone a lot. Rode my bike around, got in trouble.” My mind wanders back over those days, riding to the quarry up the road, throwing stones into the pool of rainwater at the bottom of it. Sherlock probably never had a bike.
Mycroft regarded him sourly for a moment, then rolled his eyes.  “Fine,” he said.  “Have it your way. But mind how you go, Sherlock. There are always consequences.”  He cast a parting sneer at John, then turned and left, slamming the door behind him.  With that slam, all of the pictures in the flat fell down off the walls with a crunch of wood and tinkle of glass.
He’s only half certain that the drug is in the sugar, but there’s only one way to find out. Well, only one that he’s going to pursue. He leaves Henry Knight’s house feeling optimistic.
Then John’s arms wrapped down around him, tucking between Sherlock’s body and the mattress. He was still tense and shivering. Sherlock returned the embrace, pulling John’s naked weight down more heavily on top of himself.
Lestrade’s eyes met Sherlock’s with an electric spark. “Don’t mind if I do,” he said, his voice low and silky. Oh, he really was rather fit, that Greg. He braced himself with an arm on the mattress, and Sherlock saw the lean tendons standing out in his shoulder as he took his aim and penetrated John. John’s breath huffed hot against Sherlock’s neck. Lestrade began to move, and it was clear right away that this time would indeed be different. Sherlock knew it by how John breathed, by Lestrade’s heavy eyes, by the smell of him.
He needs more sleep, these days, since Serbia, but at the same time, it’s harder to come by. Apparently he’s no longer young.
“You know what’s weird?” he says after a while. “Sometimes she laughs in her sleep. Like just the physical reflex, I think. Even though she’s never done it awake before. She gets this creepy little smile on. It’s weird. But it’s cute.”
Joking. We laugh a bit. I just barely stop myself from bumping my shoulder affectionately against his. God, he’s so close. I could take his hand, kiss his knuckles. I fall silent thinking about it. An airplane light crawls silently across the sky, reflected in the water. Quiet beside me, he stands for a while, lost in his own thoughts.
John makes a sheepish expression, which is quite fetching with his flushed cheeks and dilated pupils.
Eventually the music ends. I lie tensely awake, straining my ears to guess what he’s up to, until he goes out. Ten minutes later an electronic chiming sounds downstairs: a mobile phone ringing, one I don’t recognize. I creep down the stairs to listen for it. It rings out and then starts up again as I walk slowly round the flat, trying to hear where it’s coming from, until I realize it must be the desk drawer. I take out the phone—Irene’s phone. The call is from an undisclosed number, of course. It stops ringing the second I pick it up. I stare at it for a moment, and then a text arrives with an understated buzz.
Lestrade is sitting in the audience across from me, arms crossed, looking stormy. Mrs. Hudson, Molly, Donovan, and Anderson are there, too, as well as plenty of others I don’t recognize. I don’t know any of the jurors, the solicitors, or the judge. Are all of these people important?
I wake from swelling, cresting dreams to the sound of Sherlock playing his violin. It’s still early. I could go downstairs; surely he expects it. I could go down and just sit and listen, and he might smile at me in that sidelong way he has, the music never faltering, and then the piece would end and he would set down his instrument and come to me and we’d—
“Point is, it was quite clear that anything could happen. So,” Lestrade shrugged, “I’m not bothered. In point of fact, I had quite a nice time.” He grinned, and Sherlock felt again that spark of attraction. Surely it wasn’t — no. No, he did
Smells of bread and egg and fried butter, but the toaster hasn’t clicked. “Egg in a nest,” Sherlock says.
, before I go on. When at last I’m down between his knees, mirroring his earlier pose, I find the  dark-blushed head of him just barely peering out the top edge of his pants, all captive and leaking. I hook the elastic with a finger and pull it away and down, letting his cock stand proud, purple-swollen and gently curved.
Woman. Story-Sherlock would be deeply saddened. So, when Mycroft offers him a cigarette, he takes it. But he also speaks to Mycroft in the way he’s always spoken.
Sherlock glanced at him, then away, then back again as though surprised that John was actually there.
,” Mycroft said. “Away from your House, away from your family--you’re vulnerable as a chick fallen out of its nest.”
“Oh, not at all, sweetie! Just need to advance the plot. And, by the way, that thing you’re feeling? Hang onto it. Sherlock’s going to need a constant in his life. We’re counting on you to be his anchor point. Now, if you wouldn’t mind? I’ve lines to deliver.”
But Sherlock hardly registers the words, because while John is speaking, he folds the hem of Sherlock’s dressing gown up over his back and then, with infinite care, slides Sherlock’s trousers down to his knees. He can picture what John sees: his pale arse exposed the the air, the buzzing, incongruous black-and-turquoise knob of the toy sticking out, stretching him, ready to be prodded and pulled and played with. The slick of his arousal actually—actually running down his thighs, god he can feel a drop of it crawling. A husky sound escapes John’s throat, and a  warm fingertip traces back up the cool path of the droplet. Then John’s warm palm snugs up into the top of his inner thigh, intimate and steady and alive, and John lets one knuckle press up against Sherlock’s perineum. No doubt John can feel the hard, humming bulk of the thing inside; he presses Sherlock’s flesh against it, giving him, from outside, a teasing hint of the sensation he craves within. Sherlock squirms and huffs against the cushion, spreading his knees out as wide as he can.
So, with infinite care, Sherlock prepared John to meet his lover: kissing him, petting him, licking his nipples to hardness, fingering him slickly open and marking him with two firm, bruising bites, one on his throat and one high up on his inner thigh. As the appointed time drew near, John was shaking with want, his eyes watering, his breath coming in harsh half-sobs.
“Good enough,” John said. “See you later, then.” He bent to give Sherlock a quick kiss on the cheek before leaving.
On the ride across town, I take out the handgun.  It’s—it’s pretty much my old gun, a Sig Sauer P226R, British Army equipment designation L106A1.  This is the gun they give you when you go to Afghanistan.  It feels terribly familiar in my hand.  It was loaded when I got it, and still is.  I’m pretty sure John Watson would not actually carry around a loaded pistol in his everyday life—I wouldn’t—but these are the facts in this moment.  I make sure the safety is on before I tuck it back into the back of my waistband.  I drum damp fingers on the tops of my thighs.  My hands feel extremely steady.
“Yes, strange. Singular. Outlandish.” His voice is getting louder, but he doesn’t care. “It’s perplexing, really. Bloody inexplicable, isn’t it, how anyone could want to—“
in something.  That means he suspects.  But nobody turns up to hand me my walking papers, which means that he doesn’t yet suspect
Bending to pick it up, he saw his name written on it in Sherlock’s neat hand. He felt a little stab of hope not unlike the stab of the airplane; perhaps Sherlock would like to spend a little time with him today? But when he opened it to read the note inside, his heart sank to the bottom of his feet.
He took the book up to bed with him, eventually laying it aside and falling asleep.  He slept soundly and without dreams, until--
. “John,” Sherlock grits out. He means it to sound stern, but doesn’t quite get there, and then John is kissing him, cooling his heated cheeks with the soft touch of his fingers.
Some time later, I awoke. Our little nest was quite warm, now, and Holmes was breathing quietly in my ear. I wasn’t sure what had wakened me, but then Holmes shifted slightly, and I realized he wasn’t asleep. Something warm and insistent was prodding the small of my back. My cheeks heated instantly when I realized what it was. Holmes must have sensed my waking, for he pulled his hips back quickly.
Then John was on him, kissing him, hard and hungry. He pushed Sherlock over onto his back and climbed on top of him, heedless of their mess. He grabbed a double handful of hair to hold Sherlock’s head down and kissed him with bruising force, mouth wide open, teeth striking teeth and tongue delving. Sherlock writhed under the onslaught, breathless, and when John had finished with his mouth he moved down to suck brutally at Sherlock’s neck, raising a bruise in seconds. Sherlock hissed and kicked his feet to stop himself pushing John away. It hurt, but it felt
Sherlock heads immediately for the shower—totally understandable, if he’s sweated half as much as I have today, between the bouts of unreasoning terror and all the running about. I think again of the camera phone in Sherlock’s bag, and take it out. K2K. The keys to the kingdom. The app still shows a red button. I tap it with the pad of my thumb. A timer icon appears and whirls for a moment, and then the button shows green. I’ve only the faintest guess as to what it might do, but if Mycroft doesn’t want Sherlock to use it, it’s probably something good.
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “It wasn’t too long before I started sampling the wares. It was a way of coping, I suppose.” He looked away, and John tried to imagine what it had been like for him, without family or friends or a home to go back to.
“Trains don’t go near Grimpen, and the roads are wretched,” Henry says. “I can arrange a private helicopter. It’s the quickest way, by far.”
“No. He didn’t have anywhere near the wealth or connections to pull off something like that on his own. It was my friend who masterminded the project.”
“Restless?” John calls, and Sherlock stills, unaccountably embarrassed. He can tell by the heat in his face that his cheeks must be bright red.
,” Greg growled, and hot prickles lit up all over Sherlock’s skin, knowing that Greg’s hand was inside John’s clothes.
His coat spread out like wings, Sherlock hangs suspended in the air. The noise of the crowd cuts off abruptly, changed to the silence of an indrawn breath. At first it looks like he won’t make it, but then the ladder swings again and he—catches. He holds on, begins to climb. And with that dark, lone figure strung beneath, the helicopter lifts away. Safe. Free.
Sherlock stares at John open-mouthed. Even if he hadn’t deleted most of British military history, he’s fairly certain this is more obscure than the solar system. Lady Stoner, beside him, is equally amazed.
It all feels bizarrely normal. I get completely undressed, skin prickling with awareness of his eyes on me. Then I get into bed, and Sherlock comes to me, all lean and warm and totally bare—not even his little grey pants to cover him up.
“I wouldn’t be too sure of that,” Sherlock says. “It isn’t just empty. It’s naked. It could be that it’s been gutted, but it’s more likely that nobody has ever lived here at all. More than that, this construction can’t be more than thirty years old, and the style of the building suggests well over a hundred.”
Time stops.  I am acutely aware of Sherlock’s fingers tangled in my hair, the breath coming hard and fast through his nose, the firm press of his lips against my own.  His eyes are closed.  After a brief, heart-pounding eternity, I close mine, too, and allow my lips to open under his.  He makes a small, passionate sound and lets his body sag against mine, and I respond without thinking, sliding my hands up to clasp that impossibly slender waist.  His lips are soft, just slightly chapped, and his tongue slides against mine almost tentatively, which makes a beautiful contrast to the smell of sweat and fear and gun solvent that clings to his skin.  I wonder if he’s always like this, this gentle—
did me the very great kindness of betaing the remainder. Mere words are insufficient to express my gratitude.
“Sir, yes sir,” I mutter, downing the last of my coffee. Then Sherlock comes out of the pub, and our conversation is over. We part ways with Lestrade, and Sherlock rings up his ace in the hole—his brother.
There were tears in John’s eyes when they finished this time, but the incantation had worked. Sherlock’s potion received its little sphere of warmth with an audible sizzle. As soon as it was done, Sherlock quickly withdrew his hand. John and Snape disengaged less dramatically.
He remembered Mike as a kindly and enthusiastic healer, just out of his apprenticeship. They hadn’t been close—Mike had been somewhat on the fringes of John’s social circle—but John had liked him well enough.  At Mike’s invitation, John accompanied him into a cozy Wizarding pub just around the corner from the park where John had been walking. Over a pint of bitter, they caught up. Mike was teaching at St. Mungo’s, now. John told his own story in as few words as he could. Mike didn’t offer sentimental condolences, as John had half feared he would, but instead regarded John thoughtfully.
With a paralyzed Sherlock in tow, they apparated back to headquarters. They wrestled Sherlock into a holding cell, and John laid him carefully down on the cot so that he wouldn’t hurt himself when the charm wore off. He turned to leave him there, hoping his show of excess tenderness hadn’t been observed, and nearly jumped out of his skin when he ran into his commanding officer, Auror Captain James Sholto.
“Yeah, thanks,” John said. “But I’m not interested. I’ve got to start getting ready for O.W.L.s next year. I won’t have time to run around babysitting someone who’s probably going to hate me for it anyway.”
He pulls off at last, replaces his mouth with his hand, gets his other hand under my balls and lifts them to be sucked, each in turn, ticklish-deep-wet, but it’s his knuckle that has my attention, pressed up snug to my perineum, moving in little push-strokes.
“All right,” said Sherlock. He released John’s cock to trace a slick finger back across his perineum. John tensed fractionally more, but he didn’t flinch away. “Can I?”
Sherlock is rousable, if only just, when we land at the tiny airfield that serves the village of Grimpen-on-the-Moor. A car meets us—not a taxi or one of Mycroft’s black cars, just a local lad who makes a little money picking people up at the airport. Or so he appears. He takes in Sherlock’s rumpled appearance without comment and hefts our bags into the boot.
“But do you really want to make some kind of media circus out of it? Can’t we just go back to normal sort of gradually?”
“Jesus,” he said again. Sherlock did move, then, wanting to withdraw, and John gripped his shaft, helping.
A door opens, and I’m the only one that looks to see who’s come in.  It’s Mycroft, but he’s wearing his big-shot TV producer button-down and designer jeans, not his Sherlock’s Big Brother intimidating suit.
“I’m so wet,” John murmured, low, for Sherlock’s ears alone. “So soppy and soft, with your come in me already. His cock is covered in it. ’S dripping out.”
“There,” said Sherlock, a little breathless.  “That should hold for a while.  Now help me unroll the rug, if you would.”
“Maybe I’d fuck you” —and we haven’t done that, and just saying it feels like uttering a secret—“and maybe I wouldn’t, but I’d just keep you that way, in case the mood struck—“
There was a minute pause, during which John imagined those eyes glancing at him keenly. “No?” Sherlock said. “Well then. I’m afraid I haven’t any magic for mending that tear in your trousers. I’d offer to buy you a new pair, but—“
“A risky proposition,” Snape said. “I trust you understand that I will offer my unvarnished opinion.”
Showing Greg his neck, probably, and his…wrist? No way to be sure. But Greg would be leaning in, breathing deep—getting a faint whiff of Sherlock, and big breath of John, of that sublime, overwhelming pheromonal miasma whose powerful effects Sherlock very well knew.
He gives a harsh little laugh. “That’s what I’m afraid of.” But he pulls my arm down around his waist, snugging himself back up against me, and I tighten the embrace, holding him. He is shivering.
“Very funny, Sherlock,” Mycroft said. Then, to John, coolly: “Do you mind? I just need to speak with my brother.”
I’ve thought of it. It just didn’t seem like I could…could put him in that position, before. But now…“How—how should we? Like now, right now, or—?”
Except. There is still that question, that thing that John knows that he isn’t telling. Sherlock hasn’t missed the fact that they’ve now dallied twice in John’s bedroom, when Sherlock’s is more convenient and bigger and has a bigger bed and a more comfortable bathroom. At John’s suggestion, in fact.
gasping with it, sweat pricking out along his hairline, still desperate not to think. Then John leans down to reach under Sherlock’s belly, grabs his cock, and things go very fast from there, Sherlock crying out and welling up and coming hard, muscles convulsing around the hot, unfamiliar intrusion in his arse.
“I’ll take the nook,” he said. “It’s probably best I have my own bed, anyway, because I don’t sleep well.”
A dozen faces turn in my direction, and there’s a general surge of bodies toward the steps. I run back into the building, lock the door, and crouch down with my back against the wooden lower half.
When I open the door, though, I get a surprise: Sherlock is indeed asleep, curled up tightly on one side of the bed with all of the blankets wrapped around him in a tangled clump. Nonplussed, I go into the bathroom and clean my teeth and take a shower, but when I come out, he’s still there.
doing anything, we just need privacy because I don’t want to reject him on camera. We’ll talk, he’ll understand, he’ll pull himself together, and nobody will see anything too raw—
Relief courses through me, and then a sick, angry awareness of the irony of it. For once, Sherlock knows what’s real. For once, he’s pulled the strings. I find I can’t begrudge him this small triumph.
I extended the end of the paddle down to him, and he took hold so that I could lift him to the edge of the dock. He got his elbows up onto the planks and tried to pull himself up the rest of the way, but he nearly slipped back down. I scrambled to take hold of his arms, dropping the oar with a clatter in the process. When at last I had him up on dry land, he was soaking wet and chattering with cold.
But the great gates opened for him, and he was met by none other than McGonagall herself. Aged, but proud and erect as a broomstick, she was hardly changed at all from the strict teacher John remembered. He had been rather in awe of her, back then.
Five minutes since, lying alone on his back on the bed, he got the toy fully situated inside himself.
“All perfectly healthy and normal,” John said, with a crooked smile. The silicon was a shade that they had laughingly dubbed “hygienic beige”. A black sex toy was
Bad luck that their anniversary had fallen on a day when they both turned out to be Omega. That silly toy wasn’t going to be much fun for anyone tonight. Perhaps that was why Sherlock felt so awkward about it. But, of course, there was more to it than that, if he were honest with himself. There was something he wanted to try with John, and he was worried that John wouldn’t enjoy it without a little extra
“I’ll leave you alone on one condition,” Mycroft said.  “Stop working the counter-scrying spell.  I know how much of your energy it takes, and it only puts you in danger.”
“Sherlock,” I said, liking the feel of the name, which I had said silently to myself so many times. “I—“
I don’t have much to do at the school—just trail along in Sherlock’s wake as he reconstructs the scene. I’ve never been to a place like this in the real world. It’s hard to fathom how any parent could send their child away for an entire school term, to be looked after by strange adults. I’ve read my share of boarding school stories, of course, but that can’t possibly give you an accurate picture, can it?
While he’s tapping away on his phone, I spot a piece of paper lying on the floor near the sofa.  I pick it up.  It’s a phone number…the slip of paper left by Molly’s erstwhile boyfriend, Jim, aka Moriarty, aka old-school Sherlockian and stage phenom, Richard Brook.  Sherlock has written in a string of letters above the numbers, some of them underlined:
“99 DAYS” was all it said. A quick mental calculation confirmed it. John leaned out of the window to see if Sherlock was out there. He wasn’t, so John got dressed quickly and rushed to the Potions classroom, hoping he wasn’t too late.
“I wanted to see you.” His gaze is fixed out of the window, hand gripping his knee so hard the tendons stand out. Maybe not so fine with it, after all.
“Other magicians have each other,” Sherlock said.  “They have assistants, or apprentices, or just--people they can ask for things.”
They were sorry to see him go, but go he did. He didn’t find Auror training difficult; the discipline was no worse than what he had faced as a healing apprentice, and he had always been athletic and good at Defense Against the Dark Arts. He learned more about magical law, and about tactics, and after half a year of training he went into active duty.
“John.” His voice is so close and vivid compared to that spare, lonely figure on the rooftop. “I’m on the roof of Bart’s.”
“Oh, don’t get up,” John says, as though he were offering to fetch something for a houseguest, but the firm press of his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder tells a rather different story. “I know how much you enjoy relaxing in your special chair.”
He checked into a room at the Three Broomsticks, feeling oddly like an intruder into his own childhood. Better get used to that feeling, he supposed. After his day aloft, the small room with its crackling fireplace and feather bed felt sublimely comfortable. He slept more soundly than usual, waking only once, heart racing, some time in the pre-dawn hours. Oddly, it was the unfamiliarity of the room that led him out of his terrors: the orange glow of the embers, the moon’s crescent bent by the ripples of the ancient window glass. He fell asleep again and woke refreshed, hardly remembering his nightmare. After an excellent breakfast, he made himself smart and set off.
I look on helplessly as he pops the pill out of its bubble. What would happen if he didn’t take it? God, I don’t care. I don’t care. I could knock it out of his hand down into the gravel to be lost forever; he probably doesn’t have another one. I could kiss him and distract him and make him forget it. I could—
We come out into a little side street, nearly deserted, of nice old row houses. Sherlock glances back and forth, getting his bearings, then makes for one of the buildings. There’s an intercom, but Sherlock ignores it, opting instead to smash out one of the door’s glass panes with his elbow so that he can reach in to undo the bolt. We go up to a second floor flat. Sherlock knocks. A couple of beats pass while we listen for movement inside, and then Sherlock tries the door. It isn’t locked.
“Tch. With Sherlock watching? Not likely. Now run along home and play your part. I’ve things to see to.”
“This way.” He takes my hand again and pulls me sideways to a barred gate across the mouth of an alley. He vaults over it with his usual agility, and I follow with somewhat less grace. I’m halfway over when someone grabs at my trouser leg. I kick out, feel my foot connect with something solid, and the tugging stops. I make it over just as the sirens go quiet, two police cars pulled up in the road we’ve just escaped from. There’s nobody on this side of the gate. Sherlock grabs my hand and we pelt down the alley together.
My hands on his ribcage stutter to a stop. We’re in his room—why not, since Brook declared it private?—in his bed, still clothed, but not, I would have thought, for much longer.
“Let them look,” he says, though he does sober up a bit. “We can go home and pull down the shades and let them all go stuff themselves.”
“So the real world—“ Her voice hitches, and she looks away from me. “The real world may be hard on him.”
The case of the serial suicides clicks along, Sherlock putting things together, until, suddenly, he’s—gone again.  He disappears while we’re waiting for the tracking service on Jennifer Wilson’s phone to load up.  I peer out the window and see him get into cab.
“Sherlock.” This is it, then. The end. The dark helicopter swings into view, very close and low. For a moment it looks as though it will land on the roof, but then gunfire pops from somewhere on the ground, and it backs off, hovering. The soldiers on the barricade in front of me snap to alertness. Their commander gestures sharply, and four men cut away from the group, crouched low and running toward the gunfire. The helicopter tries again to approach, but there are more shots. Answering fire rings out from nearer by. A rope ladder descends from the awkwardly hovering helicopter, dangling and swinging madly as it maneuvers.
“Besides, it takes a certain kind of spell to make a familiar.  The magician has to put a little bit of himself into it, a little bit of his soul. [ If bits of John are going into Sherlock’s spells, maybe Sherlock is John’s familiar in some sense…
” Sherlock cried. The wand popped obediently out of John’s hand, and he sat down heavily, heart pounding in his throat.
“Hello,” said Sherlock. He kept his hands tucked close to his body, not wanting to embarrass John with a public display. “You want to get on home? Lestrade can do without me for a bit.”
John followed Sherlock out of the alley onto a busy street.  He half suspected they had gone back in time[ why??], but everything looked ordinary.  No one spared a glance for the two strangers who had just materialized on the scene.
dead.  I knew to expect it; Mycroft Holmes has explained it in interviews, that of course they have to have real corpses, or Sherlock would figure out the game.  They get them through legal channels; in fact, since Sherlock started doing murder investigations, more than one person has actually willed their body to the show.  A team of forensic geniuses cleans them up and plants evidence for Sherlock to find.  In this case: dirty wedding ring, water under her collar, mud spatters on the back of her leg, chipped fingernails.  No suitcase.  Sherlock takes the bait, and we’re off.
We maintain our non-pace for several excruciating days, with me trying to act as though everything is normal and Sherlock contriving somehow to simultaneously avoid me and to be constantly in my peripheral vision. Or perhaps he’s just behaving normally, and it’s my own perceptions that are warped. Either way, I think we’re both relieved when a case comes up.
into the search bar. He knows what he’ll get: a few thousand results, his own website as the top hit, then John’s blog, then a few hackish news stories, then blogs and forum posts and fan sites.
I find him in the pub, brooding. At first I expect we’ll get on with talking through the case. I’m still pretty keyed up with fresh and air and excitement, so it takes a few moments for me to realize that Sherlock is out of sorts. “I saw the hound,” he says, and yeah, of course he bloody saw it, because of course he’s being constantly fucked to the hilt. Mycroft can’t just send Sherlock out for a fun case in the country, he’s got to fuck with his sense of reality as well. Fantastic.
And maybe he’s wrong and this really is what John wants. Intoxicating thought. He wades into that thought, lets it engulf him, sinks down and down and away from all his questions.
“You didn’t notice either, did you?” He shoots me a sidelong grin. “Nobody did, and nobody will until the paintings expert gets to work at three o’clock. She just took in that lot of Romantic landscapes yesterday—I saw it in the ledger. There were six paintings in the lot, but only five on display, rearranged to hide the gap. I’ll bet you whatever you like that I can find the missing one before the crime is reported to the police.”
beautiful. I free my hand to skim his pale stomach. In this position the waistband of his tailored trousers is loose, a dark gap visible. Pulse quickening, I slide my hand into it, run my hungry fingers over the cotton-covered contours of him. His legs fall open for me. I unhook his flies quickly to make room, then go on petting him, his covered balls, his hard shaft with one plump vein clearly discernible through the cloth. I peer down to see, grey fabric stretched around the smooth, round of head of him, a tiny spot of moisture forming. I make a little involuntary sound.
“Be nice to have her acknowledge my existence,” John says. Then, “Sherlock, have you been reading baby books?”
, and anyway, now that the change was here you could just wait for somebody to turn Omega if you wanted penetrative intercourse, so why bother? It was a boundary you didn’t cross, if you were normal.
The first will be represented by the Bank. This is the payroll department, the financial account information of everyone involved and the systems by which they are paid. You get paid a lot to be on Sherlock, and you get addicted to the money. Mycroft counts on it. Control the drug and you control the addict. Hack into payroll, and you pull the strings.
Sherlock directs me what to do through all of it, but I don’t speak at all.  At first it’s because I’m still coming down from my earlier mental state. Then it’s because the thought of anything I might say makes my throat close on a wave of shame.
Holmes was quiet after that, but I could not help but feel his eyes upon me as I stripped myself naked. I quickly lifted the corner of his blanket and slipped in behind him. His back was freezing cold against my chest and belly; I inhaled hard at the discomfort, and Holmes gave a surprised moan. I wrapped my arm around his chest, tucking up my knees behind his thighs, so that as much of our skin was pressing together as could be managed. The large, heavy blankets settled comfortably over us without needing much rearrangement. The wool was somewhat scratchy, but one could hardly ask for fine bed-linens under the circumstances. After a few minutes, Holmes began to shiver. I hugged him tightly, willing my warmth into his chilled body. His arm came down over mine, long fingers wrapping around my wrist.
Most of the other students were busy casting the Blessing a third time, so John had the pleasant feeling that he was finally making up some lost time. The next step was to clean and re-charm the steeping jar, and then strain the potion back into it. As he poured the mixture, he admired its silky consistency and warm, glowing color. No twinkly brown sludge for him! But the process wasn’t over yet. The potion would now require a new infusion of herbs and fungi every thirty-three days until the end of the school year. There certainly were a lot of steps. John was beginning to suspect that the purpose of all the ingredients was really to pad out the recipe to be thirty-three pages long. But for all he knew, that was part of the magic, too.
“You wanted to be restrained. Hm? I could tie your hands to the bed. Would you like that? Just keep you right where I want you, for hours—for days, maybe. Just play with you. Would you like that?”
“No,” Sherlock said.  “You’ll only come ‘round again when you catch me doing something you don’t approve of.”
. Mycroft thinks he was infatuated with Irene Adler. It makes a kind of sense, he supposes, if you don’t know that Irene isn’t real. Sherlock isn’t quite certain, yet, in what sense this is true, but he knows it. It’s the only possible meaning of the coincidence of her name with the woman in the story. So if he has let her beguile him with her little puzzle, it’s hardly what Mycroft imagines; it’s only that he’s fascinated with the puzzle that she, herself, represents.
“And they didn’t want to risk getting stuck doing the Blessing with her, in case it messed up their potions.”
“God, yeah,” Sherlock moans, and then a clever little motor whirrs to life, and the soft middle section of the toy contracts lengthwise and expands widthwise and
“Why did you fail Potions?” It wasn’t what he had meant to ask. He didn’t know what he had meant to ask, really. Now that he had asked it, he realized it was only the topmost on a stack of questions he wanted answers to that somehow hadn’t been answered when Sherlock
John was about to ask what he meant, when Sherlock began striding forward through the brush.  John would have sworn there wasn’t a path a moment before, but the briars seemed to open up for Sherlock.  Afraid the path might close again, John kept close on Sherlock’s heels, even going to far as to grasp the fabric of his coat to keep from losing him.  As it turned out, though, it was only a short walk; John bumped into Sherlock’s shoulder when he stopped abruptly.
He tosses the phone in the air before dropping it into his pocket. I’m staring at him. I need to pull myself together.
Actually, if you want to know something slightly more important: I was right about Harry’s girlfriend. Mum and dad didn’t react too badly, but things are a little bit tense. They don’t know that I had a boyfriend 4th and 5th year. I was kind of waiting for a good moment to tell them, but this doesn’t seem to be it. I don’t know if that matters to you, but I guess I thought you should know.
“But you’re not,” she says.  “The other day I was watching, and you guys were, like, just hanging about.  You were having a laugh about something on the internet, not
“No,” John said. “No. I think the shelves would be fine, if I’m…if we’re. Doing this. Sherlock, can I ask you something?”
John handed him the phone, and Sherlock flipped through the photos John had taken of himself. John had expected at first that Sherlock would want to take the pictures, but Sherlock argued that it would tell the wrong sort of story. Of the ones John had taken, quite a few were blurry or too oddly composed to be erotic. But then—
“Oh,” said John. Not what he expected at all. He knew Sherlock, of course—or knew of him. He had famously mouthed off to Professor Trelawney in his first year, delivering a scathing barrage of observations about her history and character that had the rest of the class positively agog. Flustered, she had pronounced him “truly gifted in the art of divination” and declared that he no longer needed to be in her class. Sherlock had left the tower and never returned. It was rumored, with much snickering, that he spent the free hour in special tutoring with Professor Snape. John didn’t know if this was true or not, but it wouldn’t have surprised him. Sherlock had a prickly personality, and was well known for sucking up to most teachers and showing off in Potions, particularly. He was in his second year now, a year beneath John.
Sure enough, most of the class was there, with Snape looking on impassively just as though it wasn’t a bloody weekend. The only person who was absent was one of the Slytherin girls, Eva Greene. Sherlock gave John only the briefest glance when he entered.
Over the ensuing weeks, Sherlock starts getting famous within his own world.  Headlines.  The deerstalker.  The media crush.  Sherlock Holmes starts to become a household name, the matter of most of those households being fictional notwithstanding.  At first I can’t fathom what Mycroft is up to.  I’d think it was intended to boost Sherlock’s perception of his own importance, but as he’s always considered himself superior to the rest of humanity, it doesn’t actually make much of a difference.
“Don’t you? I love it. Wakes me up, you know? I’m Julie, by the way. I’m playing Louise Mortimer, Henry Knight’s therapist.”
.  He’d made the idea of keeping a human familiar sound incredibly shameful--and Sherlock had been so angered by it, had seemed almost desperate to keep Mycroft from revealing his concerns.  Had he been afraid that John would believe it?  Or...had he been afraid that it was true?
“All those Alpha cops. Lestrade. They know you need it. They know you’re in here, getting fucked. Wondering if they can fuck you when I’m done.”
“Yeah, about Alex.” Gary turns back to me. “So Billy’s got this nephew, Alex. Loves him like his own kid. We have ‘em round here every summer holiday. So Mycroft’s assistant calls up Billy and says ‘we’re sending Sherlock to stay at Cross Keys. You play nicely or Alex will have an accident.’”
“No,” Sherlock agreed, and kissed him again. The kiss turned heated, this time, and John got his hands up into Sherlock’s hair—another thing he’d pictured doing a thousand times. It was every bit as silky and grabbable as he had imagined, but what he hadn’t imagined was the little sound Sherlock made in his throat, the way his whole body sparked up and shivered against John’s. John tugged again, and Sherlock broke the kiss with a gasp and pressed his lips to the side of John’s neck.
Instead of waiting for Lestrade to come back, Sherlock went out to wait for John at the door. It was not
“Yeah,” John said, a little defensive, though he was clearly turned on by Sherlock’s display of aggression. “I think he’s pretty fit. What, you going to fly into a jealous rage, or something?”
Sherlock hardly spoke to John for the rest of that week. John wasn’t quite sure what had gone wrong; it seemed like working the Blessing together had screwed up their friendship somehow.
“So, do you want to show me around this place?” John asked. “I’ve no idea what I can touch without having it explode.”
“Oh! Yeah, it’s good,” John said. Sherlock had indeed provided a very comfortable—well, not a corner, as it was a round room, but a segment, made private by attractive bookshelves and a couple of louvered wooden screens. Inside was a large bed hung with green velvet curtains, a wooden chest, and a tall, narrow wardrobe. It was about a third around the room from Sherlock’s own bed (which was not in a nook), a distance that seemed at once decorous and perhaps a bit silly. But it was pleasant enough. He’d be able to sleep there. He had already put away his few possessions.
She sighs, and for just a moment, I think I see some shadow of her true self. “We do want that, yes. But you must know that he won’t survive intact, not really. He’s a storybook character. He’s lived all his life by storybook rules.”
“Wait a moment,” he said.  Sherlock reached into his pocket and took out a small object, handing it to John.
They went back to their tower room a few days before the start of term, aired it out, and settled in again. While John sat by the fire, Sherlock took up his violin and began to play. He played a few classical pieces—the ones whose names John could never keep straight no matter how many times Sherlock told him—and then he wandered into the start of the tune he had written for John. A few measures in, he stopped abruptly.
“Yeah,” John said. They disengaged enough to make their way, still touching, to Sherlock’s big bed. Sherlock pulled aside the chestnut-colored curtain to reveal the bedclothes still all rumpled from the night before. John chuckled at the comfortable disarray, and fell back willingly onto the wrinkled sheets. Sherlock fell with him, and kissed him again, getting his hands up under John’s shirt. Sherlock was still wearing his professorial robes, on top of a trim waistcoat, shirt, and trousers. The robes made a dark, enveloping tent over them both, and John felt deliciously wicked undoing his clothes underneath it. Sherlock never stopped kissing him, his mouth and cheeks and neck and ears, until John had got him totally unbuttoned. Then John gave him a gentle push back, and Sherlock sat up astride him, all his layers unpeeled and falling back gloriously from his chest and shoulders, his pale skin golden in the dim light. With that, and his dark tousled hair and pale eyes and bitten-pink lips, John hardly knew where to begin.
“For a while,” Sherlock says. “Until things get sorted. I’ll have the bed up in the loft. You can sleep on the sofa for now, I suppose.”
In the old days, it had been easy for Omegas who experienced pseudo-oestrus to track their cycles. It was rare to encounter them in public during their heats, because the usual advice given them by doctors and loved ones was to simply stay home, and they could plan ahead to get out of their responsibilities for the duration. Nowadays, it was more complicated. John had to track the number of hours he spent as an Omega, and since he couldn’t predict when those hours would fall, he couldn’t predict his heat with any real accuracy. He was lucky to work in an office with enough flexibility to accommodate his irregular absences.
“Hmm, well, if that’s the way you want to play it,” Aileen says.  “The whole point of my being here is to divert his affections, you know.  Maybe it’ll be easier than I thought.”
“You really were amazing,” he says, and his eyes are darting over my face, as though looking for some sort of answer.  The nearness of him is startling.  His lips look very red in the wan kitchen light, and his eyes are ethereal.  I clear my throat.
“So you thought that if someone…I mean, I think I saw into your soul, or something. You thought that if that happened—that I would—“
“Excessive,” John agrees, and laughs. Sherlock laughs, too, the world coming back into focus a little. Except—except there’s still that buzzing, slightly higher pitched, now. Maybe not phantom after all. And, even considering everything, John is breathing a little…funny. Sherlock turns in his arms to peer at him sharply.
Sherlock nods. We cross Park Lane at Stanhope Gate and make a right into the park. Nobody follows us. We pass by the statue of Achilles, then wend our way along tree-lined paths to the Serpentine. Globe-shaped lamps light our path and cast yellow glints across the dark water as we stroll quietly along the lakeside. There are a few other walkers and joggers out and about, but, as Sherlock would say, they see us yet do not observe, and we have an illusion of privacy. On the bridge that crosses over to Kensington Gardens, we pause to look back along the water, where a few faint stars are glimmering through high, shreddy veils of cloud above the bright lights of the city.
The suite, when we get there, is huge, with two king-size beds in separate bedrooms, but the first thing I notice is that one wall of the sitting room is made entirely of windows.
“Of course they can. I mean, it’s not so much a strike as a mass resignation. Several thousand breach of contract cases for Mycroft to litigate, if he feels like it. But yes, they are going to walk out.”
He eases up at the last moment, holds me lightly, and when I can see again, he’s wearing a smug little smile. I’m too breathless to rib him about it; he slides back up and kisses me, shifting aside to avoid the mess on my stomach.
“I don’t know, Stamford, do you really think he’ll do?” Sherlock said slowly, not taking his gaze off of John.  “He seems a little too...proud.”
“I’m not sure what you’re implying,” John said levelly.  If this tosser was trying to suggest that he and Sherlock had some kind of weird sexual arrangement--
I make my strokes more purposeful, now, though I still keep them gentle. He gasps and shudders back against me, hips jerking minutely into the motions of my hand. My body responds to him; I hadn’t meant to lose myself, but the mechanics are undeniable. Nestled in the shallow cleft of his clothed buttocks, my cock is too hungry for friction, and so I move, taking oblivious physical pleasure from that warm divot with its suggestion of snug penetrability. Somewhere, he can be opened. Would he let me do that? God, maybe. Yes.
“I just don’t think—. I don’t think it’s a good idea for the two of us to get mixed up in power issues.”
Then Sherlock starts wanting to keep a low profile, which means I get sent out alone to scout the less interesting cases, and I realize this must be the game.  Sherlock and I spend more time apart, and I spend more time on conventional film sets, with actors.  Sherlock gets up to stuff when I’m not around, and the separation makes me itchy; the whole world gets to watch his every move while I, his best and possibly only real friend, know only what he deigns to tell me.  Meanwhile, the outside world starts to feel more real, and I’m constantly reminded of my place as a mere professional.
“You passed your N.E.W.T.s with flying colors,” Sherlock said. “You went to St. Mungo’s. You did well there, but you started to crave a more direct involvement in the fight, so you joined the Aurors. When the war broke out, they sent you straight to the front lines. There, you felt more alive than you ever had before, until, near the end of the war, you were captured, imprisoned, and tortured for some time. It couldn’t have been for too long, though, because your mind survived. How long was it?”
“Good luck,” he says. I shove the helmet down on Sherlock’s head. He immediately tries to shove it off again, but I hold it in place.
“Mmm, wow, you’re so big,” John groaned. Sherlock bit his lip. Bigger than him? He gripped his own cock, trying to guess. It twitched as though trying to match the monster Sherlock saw in his mind’s eye.
He shifts a little in the bed, turning away from me. “I don’t—. It’s. I think I’m going mad, sometimes.”
“Who was it, really?” Mycroft asks. “Richard Brook didn’t have nearly the resources to pull off that escape. Who was pulling the strings?”
Three fruitless hours later, Sherlock is ready to shout with frustration. The servants’ quarters have yielded no clues whatsoever. In fact, there’s no sign that anyone has been in these rooms for well over a year, not even to dust. Everything is musty, mothballed, undisturbed.
“Oh,” John said. His anger was deflating rapidly. “So, did you—how was Romania? Did you go to school there?”
“It’s not even that,” said John. “I…liked it. I can imagine wanting it sometimes. I just didn’t know what to expect. I dunno. I need to think about it for a while.”
“He just didn’t know what was going on,” I argue, my face getting hot—both because I’m getting angry and because I know everyone is thinking about what else happened in Grimpen. “He hates that more than anything. If he could—if you’d just tell him, he’d adjust. He’s not
I pull away to shuck off my pants and trousers and socks. When I’m naked, he tilts me onto my back, then straddles my knees, crouching, looking. His scrutiny does nothing to discourage my cock, which is deep red and bouncing against my stomach. He brushes his finger up the underside, sending sparks through me. Then he takes the leaking head in the warm cup of his palm, watching carefully all the while. He tilts his wrist, circling, then takes his hand away and licks it. He repeats the caress, smoother now, and my toes curl.
“I always wanted you.” My voice shakes, but I don’t care. “I loved you. I still love you. I just couldn’t…I couldn’t.”
“As if I wouldn’t have done it anyway!” Billy chimes in, exasperated. “I’d’ve been happy to help. I love Sherlock.” It’s not clear whether he means the show or the person. “It’s really going downhill, you ask me. First they toy with his heart, and now threats of violence. My gran applied to be an extra, you know, and it was layers on layers of background checks, very professional, and now this, such a rush job, just bullying the whole town into helping, and they only had time to install the VRS in the one room.”
It’s taken most of a year of tireless work to get me to this moment. Sleepless nights, clues found, connections made, bribes paid. Some bridges burned. But, finally, I am here. I have him.
I was given twenty galleons for Christmas, and some quills and ink, four books, and a blue scarf (as if my school scarf were not blue enough), a new bow for my violin, and Uncle Rudy got me tickets to a concert in London this Wednesday, which would be lovely, except that Mycroft is coming, too.
“The smell in here,” Greg said. “I don’t know whether to tear your clothes off or apologize for intruding.”
“Oh for Christ’s sake,” Sherlock starts, and he’s right on the brink of actually getting up to go and find the thing when John
Whether Sherlock meant this kindly or unkindly, John could not tell, but he took his single bag and mounted the stairs to his room. (A lot of stairs in this house, but he could manage.)  It was a small room, but pleasant, with a plain double bed, a sloping ceiling, and a fireplace in one wall, straight above the one in the sitting room.  A single tall window looked out on the street.  When John checked his view, he noticed sprigs of red berries--he didn’t know what kind--tacked up at all four corners of the window, outside the glass.  Magician stuff, he supposed.  It felt as if the room were guarded; but whether against intrusion or escape, he could not say.
Lestrade went on talking, but Sherlock was only half listening, distracted by John. Doubly distracted, in fact, by Lestrade’s reaction to John. He kept glancing up at John as he spoke, as though looking for his approval. Sherlock might as well not have been there, as far as Lestrade was concerned. John nodded along, offering the occasional observation and sipping his coffee calmly. Only now and then he caught Sherlock’s eye, amused and…testing. Checking his reaction. Sherlock could have growled at Greg, could have reminded him with a sharp word or a shift in posture just who it was that John belonged to. But something in John’s reactions stopped him. Sherlock arched a wry eyebrow, let John see that he didn’t disapprove—and then, the next time Greg gave him one of those hungry looks, John met his eyes, and smiled, and just let his fingers wander up into his hairline, and Greg stopped talking, right in the middle of a sentence. The silence ticked on. Greg swallowed.
“Well,” Sherlock said. “Of course, I read the instructions for the Panacea Potion carefully before beginning. I noted the ninety-nine day window and the requirement for three wizards to work together on the Blessing.”
Sherlock, naturally, flees the scene. I wish I could go after him, but I genuinely have no idea what I would say. That I’m not in love with him? That I am? That he shouldn’t listen to Irene anyway, because she isn’t real (an oh, by the way, neither am I)?
he, Mike?  I thought they lived among their own kind.  In the army I used to run into them, but everyone said they couldn’t be hired except in groups, like...families, clans or something.”
She led him through the twisting halls and up the shifting stairways to the Headmaster’s office. The school year had started a couple of weeks before; it was mid-morning, between class periods. Students were everywhere, in ones and twos and little gangs, a messy, noisy tide of them hurtling this way and that.
“Thank you, but—“John bit back an angry refusal, took a deep breath. “I’d like to sleep on it, if you don’t mind.”
Speaking of that, I have done the calculations and am happy to report that the Panacea Potion does not need anything from us over the holiday, thank heaven for small mercies. I would not put it past our prof. I still can’t believe he assigned us reading.
I pull out of him, slowly, and he puffs out what is pretty obviously a sigh of relief. I lie down on top of him.
“No!” John said. “No, no, that’s not—no. I was just curious because you…were in the class last year and, and. Wait. So did you…pass? Did you pass the class?”
“What’s the point of this?” I ask her, when Sherlock has gone off to his mind palace and we’re, for all intents and purposes, alone. “Why the seduction routine? You know he has no idea what to do with you.”
“Okay,” I say, and kiss him again, and again, because the place where we are is a last solid ledge before the leap. Which maybe sounds overdramatic. But it’s true. Then, at last, I start working my way down, kissing him everywhere, as is proper in these situations, not neglecting to brush my tongue across one of his rose-brown nipples, which makes him hiss a little against the back of his hand, fingers tightening on my shoulder, so I do it again, and again, until he gasps a little
And thanks to you, dear readers! Especially those who stuck around through the hiatus. It was a huge boost to my motivation to know that you were out there, actually reading my words and waiting for more. I have been floored by some of the theories and interpretations you've shared with me. You are brilliant!
The thought of him still makes me angry, and Sherlock’s eyes widen slightly as I squeeze his hand harder. “A bit,” I say.
“Sounds a bit like my billet,” John said.  He meant it to be a joke, but Sherlock’s frown only deepened.
He abandons his drink and goes upstairs. It takes him a few minutes of pacing to work out why he found John’s presence so unbearable. Whatever is going on—whatever the explanation for the way this place feels
Sherlock sighed. “That would be telling, John. If I reveal too much, it will spoil the effect. It was really a very minor spell, I assure you. And you’ve nothing to fear from
“Pretty sure I do. You want me to know that you were watching us, and that I should now be very scared of you and whatever punishment you’re planning to dish out. Well, yeah, okay, message received, so let’s turn this off and get on to phase two.”
“No,” Sherlock said. “He can’t. It’s incredible.” He ground his hips into John’s against the wall, let John feel how hard he was. “Do you want him, too? Does he excite you?”
“Here, this, try this.” He disentangles himself from me and lies down quickly on his front, then, a second later, snatches one of the pillows and arranges it under his hips.
. He was letting John listen to it. John had a Muggle radio at home, and had spent the summer catching up on music. To walk down the street in Hogsmeade with a new INXS song playing right in his ears was beyond incredible.
I pull away from him, slick some lube onto my cock, and he spreads his knees wider, face buried in the bed.
There’s still something strange about John, something he hasn’t yet been able to characterize, that has only come to light due to these unfamiliar surroundings and Sherlock’s unsettled state of mind. John is keeping something from him. Something important. Does this mean John cannot be trusted? Perhaps. And yet Sherlock, who is, in the end, just as irrational as every other poor idiot wandering this wasteland, continues to trust him.
Now, like any barely competent student of Potions, John had read the full recipe before beginning work on the potion. However, he hadn’t exactly committed it to memory, and he was too worried about lost time to read ahead again right now, so he simply dove into following the instructions. He was working so hard on preparing and adding the many complicated ingredients that he didn’t notice, at first, that some of the other students were leaving their benches. It was only when he reached step thirty-three, “let three gode Wyzards joyn left handes above the myxture and saye Brunhylde’s Blessynge,” that he looked up and realized he needed to find two partners.
“I’m not asking you to babysit him,” Mycroft said. “Just keep an eye out. I can pay you for it, if that would sway you.”
When the class period ended, John was relieved to find that he had reached the end of the instructions, and his potion was ready to steep. Snape had not been joking when he said that time would be tight. Even more comforting: Sherlock’s mixture looked the same as John’s, like a large glass jar full of rather dirty honey. John jogged to catch up with Sherlock as they left the class.
“I anticipated it,” Sherlock said. “Actually, I sent a Needle-Nosed Flyer to her room. I’m surprised it didn’t reach her.”
“I’m close,” John breathed. “Oh, slow, slow down.” He used his grip in Sherlock’s hair to still him, and Sherlock looked up at him questioningly.
This conversation takes place as, by unspoken mutual agreement, we both undress ourselves. Sherlock leaves his little grey pants on—a thing with him, apparently, which is more than fine with me—but, since I’m the subject of this experiment, I strip completely. The painting is still on my mind, but this feels…good. The right move. Sherlock folds his creased trousers into thirds and sets them on a chair, then gestures me onto the bed. I lie down on my back, get comfortable. Sherlock clambers up to kneel between my feet.
The idea of Brunhilde’s Beatific Blessing was more than a bit vague, or so John had always felt. It was just a kind of…well, an infusion. Of luck, or well-being, or virtue. It wasn’t a prayer to God or any other being, as far as John could tell, but “blessing” was a good name for it, nevertheless. It had never occurred to John that it could be used in a healing context, partly because it was really quite a minor spell. It took a long time to cast, and when you finished, the only visible effect was a tiny pop of golden light. You couldn’t tell whether the thing you had cast it on was any better than it had been before. One of John’s aunts was known to use it all the time, and she was regarded by the rest of the family as a superstitious loon.
Because that’s what I’ve got to do, isn’t it? I’m now one of the most recognizable people on the planet. But fame, by itself, isn’t the problem. The problem is that a lot of people feel—some of them very passionately—that I have been complicit in wrongdoing concerning Sherlock Holmes. There’s been loads of media coverage of both Sherlock’s jump and the public’s reactions. For the most part, people are glad Sherlock got out, but there is a small, cultish minority who believe that I should have reacted differently when he promised to believe me, right at the end. And there are more than a few people who are saying—who have been saying, all along—that it was wrong for me to take advantage of Sherlock sexually. And then, of course, there is the general public’s condemnation of the entire concept of the show; hardly anyone
“Professor Snape,” he said. “There are only eleven of us here right now, which means we don’t have the right number of people to say the blessing.”
I kiss him quickly, then make use of the bottle. We’re lying on our sides, facing each other. Sherlock bends up one leg so that I can reach all of him. I take hold his cock with my free hand and give it a gentle squeeze. Hard—god, dripping. One of us makes a low, appreciative sound—maybe both of us. I give him a few slow strokes, just for fun, then slide the slicked fingers of my other hand back along the seam of his body.
“A genius,” Mycroft supplied. “Yes. It would seem that his housemates don’t appreciate being outshone. There are one or two that actually like him, of course, but they’re physically weak and none too popular, either. Hardly useful as allies. No, he needs someone like you on his side. Athletic, fair-minded, not as stupid as most.”
This whole thing was probably a bad idea.  Probably, he should run as far and as fast away as he could.  But he didn’t want to--in fact, the very thought made him want to dig in his heels and figure out a way to stay.
John chuckled. “And your master plan is revealed.” But he took the toy. Without waiting to be asked, Sherlock applied a well-slicked hand to John’s cock.
So, it’s not like we have social callers. Nobody is supposed to know where Sherlock is at all, and even if they did, who would he want to see? I still can’t quite believe I have any right to be here.
“But then I…I just couldn’t stand the thought that I might push you into doing something, or revealing something, when you were so, so lovely, and I was lying to you every second. It felt vile.”
“Easy,” John says, a little sternly. His strong hands pin Sherlock’s hips in place. “Easy, my love, settle down. I’ll not bite you.” Sherlock digs his toes into the sheet and tries to hold still. John’s breath ghosts over his skin again, and he tenses. When the touch comes again, it is firm enough to at least not be ticklish, and he relaxes somewhat. John lays down a series of long, flat licks that are maybe…almost…nice, if it weren’t so—
“Not interested in experimenting, thank you,” he says. “Anyway I’ve never had any side effects. It’s a small dose, wears off quite quickly.”
for being kind enough to beta read the second half and let me know their thoughts. I probably don't have to tell you that Chryse writes phenomenally awesome fic.
John smiles blearily. “Sorry. Must be the sleep deprivation.” He gazes out the train window, the gray daylight highlighting the dark circles under his eyes. “So, haunted house. You usually turn down the paranormal freak cases. Something special about this one?”
The phone is heavy in my pocket on the ride back to Baker Street. Privacy: it’s more precious than gold in this place. This isn’t much, but it’s something.
“I’m not surprised it caught your eye,” Sherlock says. He lets his hand start a slow, massaging motion. “But it won’t be enough by itself, most likely.”
“Mumbelty-peg,” she said, and tapped it with her wand. The gargoyle grimaced and stepped aside so that they could enter. The office hadn’t changed much since John’s day, as far as he could tell, though he started a little when the large, new portrait of Albus Dumbledore that hung just behind the large claw-footed desk grinned broadly at him, and winked.
“I see,” said John. He was distantly surprised at how disappointed he felt. How could he have imagined any other outcome? It had been madness even to try. He was about to stand up and leave when she stopped him with a gesture.
They went out for dinner, and to a cozy little wine bar afterward. They had, even Sherlock had to admit, a lovely time. They ended up snuggled together in their booth at the wine bar, snogging more-or-less discreetly whenever the waiter turned his back. Being Omega together with John always made Sherlock feel sort of melty and secure and
I can’t help perking up my ears at that. VRS—Visual Receptive Surface—is the technology that allows them to film Sherlock from all angles without his being able to detect the equipment. Sherlock doesn’t know it exists. It turns an entire wall into a passively receptive mosaic of microscopic lenses, like an insect’s eye. A computer receives the combined signal and processes it to determine the focus of the image—usually Sherlock himself. It’s very expensive and time-consuming to install, and Sherlock’s London is liberally papered over with it. Almost literally so: busy wallpaper patterns help to conceal the unique nature of the surface. It’s not just Mrs. Hudson’s decorating style.
“Well, I’m applying for an apprenticeship at Saint Mungo’s after I graduate, and I was wondering if you might be able to write me a letter of reference.”
“John, I think I want to—“  He swallows, tries again.  “That is, I wonder if you’d…”  I stare at him, uncomprehending, until he stills himself with visible effort, and I realize what he’s going to do only a split second before he wraps a hand around the back of my neck and leans in to kiss me square on the mouth.
We’re saved by a high-speed foot chase, and for a while I stop worrying about whether it’s real, just fling myself into the action as hard as I can.  Sherlock runs, climbs, leaps; I run, climb, and leap after him.  Afterward, when we’re standing, breathless and laughing, in the foyer of our house, he—fuck.  He’s called up Angelo to hand me my cane.
John’s owl, Cillian, fluttered through the open window of the Hufflepuff common room, bedraggled and clearly exhausted. He limped over to John, who picked him up and set him on his shoulder before opening the parchment he held. With a sinking heart, John recognized his own undelivered letter. Sherlock was gone.
“It was a calculated risk, you ask me,” he says. “The show can’t afford Sherlock to fall in love, it would make him much too unpredictable. As long as he keeps focused on cases, they can control where he goes, what he does. But they had to give him a Watson, or it wouldn’t be Sherlock.”
“So speaking of Bach,” I say, “did you know his life was rather marred by tragedy? His parents died when he was very young, and then he was under the thumb of an abusive master at school.”
Were they great? Sherlock supposed they were. His knot was subsiding a little. John pulled off of his cock and slithered semi-upright, leaning back on Sherlock’s chest to regard Greg, who came just inside the room and loitered by the door. He had on dark blue briefs and a half-buttoned shirt, and his forelock was slicked down with sweat.
“Laugh all you like,” she says. “It was never explained. Of course I’d be just as happy to believe that someone is simply playing a trick on me, but the police have been no help in finding out who, or how.”
want to hurt him. When he sees that I’m not going to fight, he presses me back even harder and leans down and kisses me, hard and toothy, forcing my mouth open. I’m not sure what that means, but I’m not having any of it; I find some leverage at last and shove off from the wall, pushing him off and away. He staggers back two steps, wiping his wrist across his smeared mouth, his eyes distant.
Sherlock regards her sharply. “Now that is interesting,” he says. “I’ll check the servants’ quarters first. John, you go and have a look around the grounds, see if you can spot anything unusual. Especially those boarded up outbuildings we saw on the way in.”
and wrapping around me, bare skin on skin. I gasp through my nose, arch into it. His hand is rough but good, friction-hot dragging over every nerve. He licks into my mouth, and I can feel the blood in my face, my heart pounding almost too hard, heels digging into the mattress.
Once inside, John stripped to the skin and got straight into bed, and Sherlock did the same. They fucked again immediately, though more slowly this time, and this time Sherlock wrapped John up in his arms and called him
“May take you up on that.” Lestrade smiled, but his eyelids were at half-mast. “So, d’you want to be left alone? Because. If you don’t kick me out, ’m gonna have a nap right here.”
“Come on you two,” says Greg, in a voice maybe just a shade too stern considering we’re meant to be rescuing these kids from mortal danger. “Let’s get you back to the station to answer some questions, and then you can go back home.”
Sound of John’s footsteps. Sherlock stills himself with an effort. The footsteps stop, and he cracks one eye open. John is leaned up casually against the shelves by the kitchen door, smiling with frank enjoyment, the small black remote held loosely in one hand.
So when the day of the trial arrives, I’m a bundle of nerves. Sherlock’s attending as an expert witness. In the back of the cab, I hold his hand a bit tighter than usual. I could say something. I should say something right now, get my word in before Brook plants his idea of events in Sherlock’s mind. He might tell Sherlock I’m a fraud. He might say anything. I might not get another chance.
,” corrected her friend. “And, obviously, it’s because he couldn’t hear himself with those things on his ears, whatever they are.”
“Hmm?  Oh, yes, fine.  Fine.  John,” he looks up at me suddenly, as though only just remembering I’m there, then tears his eyes away again, looking everywhere, at the walls at the ceiling.  Finally managing to catch my breath, I push myself away from the door and make it as far as the kitchen, where I switch the kettle on.  When I turn around, Sherlock is in front of me, close enough that I have to take a step back and run into the worktop.
Hey, folks, I'm going to slow down my updates a bit, to give myself time to make sure everything is planned out and sensical. I'll aim to post every three days or so.  Sorry to drag out the suspense (no I'm not). But, seriously, thanks for your understanding, and thanks for reading.
With that slight distance between us, I have a little room to process things. He is so incredibly vulnerable, still, and he trusts me so much.
I wonder what it was that Sherlock really saw. Prosthetics? Animatronics? Glow paint? Why was Henry Knight upset as well?  The Actors usually have some idea what’s coming—usually better than I have. I often don’t know what’s going on, both because it’s hard for anyone to communicate with me without Sherlock’s knowing and, I suspect, because keeping me in the dark lends a certain veracity to my reactions. I almost prefer it this way, as it makes it easier for me to play my part.  Still, I would normally have expected Henry (or whatever his real name is) to drop the act and give me some clues once we were alone together. Instead, he was just as jittery and manic as Sherlock. Is that strange? I’m not sure.
“I’ll have you, my beauty,” John growls against his throat. “Good and proper, I will. I’ll have you wailing for it.” He undulates his body so that his hips roll, pressing the naked rod of his erection against Sherlock’s clothed groin. Sherlock twists his hands free, but then isn’t sure what to do with them. John grins wickedly down at him, then kisses him again, hands moving to tuck beneath Sherlock’s back and shoulders.
It’s really not so bad on the inside. The kitchen is quite new, and the furnishings are comfortable. There’s no evidence of water damage, so I can only assume that the holes in the roof look worse than they are.
Something gives way in me, a rusty lever shifting. I blink sweat from my eyes. Mycroft is still pale, but he looks disgustingly smug.
He looks shifty. I guess he’s reconsidered his assumptions about me. I wonder if he’s reviewed the footage of the kiss after the pool scene. My mind comes up with an image of a high-tech situation room, Mycroft and haggard Greg and a bunch of suits all gathered around a holographic display, watching the kiss on repeat, analyzing it from every angle. Digital readouts of my life signs, my heart rate and respiration spiking in the corner of the screen. The idea is only half ridiculous. I sigh, banishing the image.
“No, I haven’t, because I can tell that you’re…you’re going through something, and you don’t want me to pry into it. Well, okay, I haven’t pried into it, and I won’t, but I just…I was hoping for some kind of a signal, I guess.”
“Oh!” he said. The expression on his face did not have a name, but it was the one where the eyebrows go up and the corners of the mouth go down, and the head tilts to the side with a certain ironic flourish. A clownish sort of “Oh, I see!” expression.
As he makes his way back down the hall, a sudden movement at the top of the stairs makes him start. He could swear he heard a footstep. But—no, it was nothing. Dust motes in a sunbeam, the settling of ancient timbers. Shaking off the fancy, he goes in search of John.
, said a small, nasty voice in John’s head. Sherlock had only ever wanted to study, after all. Was it possible he had been using John? Was it possible that he didn’t need John anymore, now that the difficult part of the Panacea Potion was finished?
This is illogic, hallucination, chemical. He forces the gears of logic back into place, strains his vision past the obscuring fog of lies until he sees what’s really there: Frankland, the obsessive, the killer.
It seemed as though a sharp, cold wind whirled to life in the clearing.  John felt his hair lifting from his forehead, saw Sherlock’s coat billowing, though all around them the leaves and dry twigs lay undisturbed.  He could feel something strange--something dark and chaotic--taking form.  He thought he should be able to see it, but when he turned to glance over his shoulder, there was nothing there; nothing to see, at least.  Then Sherlock spoke; three words, John thought, though he could not make out the sound of them, as though they were ripped from Sherlock’s mouth and carried away on the unearthly torrent of air.  A bright light flared, John felt a jolt of sickening vertigo, and then--
“Ohhh my god,” John moaned into the pillow, an edge of hysteria in his voice. “Holy Christ. Sherlock, quick, turn us over. Greg? Oy, Greg!”
“Vanessa. Just the hotel.” He types a short reply before the pocketing the phone again. “Right,” he says. “It’s getting late. Should get going.”
They’re putting Moriarty on trial. It’s a performance directed by Brook—got to be. A set piece. What if he unveils the whole thing right now, in one grand, crazy gesture? What if it’s all about to end? You’d think, if I were some sort of lynch pin as Aileen suggested, that somebody would get word to me about what’s going on, but there’s nothing. Even Lestrade can only manage a sort of put-upon scowl when I try to hint that we should find some time to talk things over by ourselves.
I scoop up a bit of the light brown ice cream on the end of my spoon. When I taste it, I catch myself pausing just as Sherlock did, compelled by the dance of flavors across my tongue, cream and dark caramel and zesty volatiles, and then the little, buttery crunch of the nuts.
“I’m speaking to you in that capacity.  I’m here because I suspected that you might find this evening’s wardrobe selection a little disconcerting in its…realism.”
God, so quick, both of us. I should draw it out more next time…show him how good it can be. Not that this wasn’t also good. But…next time.
to face it, and be ready. You know, while you and I were in school, we had a different Dark Arts professor every year or two. They deserve better than that.”
His sensorium has settled down considerably since the fugue of last night. Looking back on it now, it’s obvious that he was under the influence of something. The effects were unlike anything he’s ever had before, but the shreds of chemical hangover remind him distantly of psilocybin mushrooms, which he tried once and detested. He has a certain sense of being psychically rubbed raw, ordinary sensations catching in the worn-thin fabric of his emotional barriers like fishhooks in gauze.
I am sorry that you found my last communique to be vapid, but since you also say that I am interesting, I will try not to take it too personally. The truth is that I do have a profound thought once in a while, but just lately they are not fit to be sent by owl. I will be happy to share them with you privately when we get back to school.
And next thing I know, I’m being ushered into the lab at this world’s version of St. Barts, and into the presence of Himself.  I see a dark-haired person leaning over a microscope, he looks up, and—bam, it’s him.  It’s Sherlock Holmes, the center of my new universe.  In person, he’s…different.  Not quite as tall, not quite as flawless.  I’m almost disappointed for a second, but then he meets my eyes.
And what of the room’s inhabitants? Our spying eyes might find them working, Sherlock at his brazier and John at his writing desk. (John is writing another book, which he intends to call
“Rather than begin the course with a lecture,” Snape began, without preamble, “we will go straight to the benches and begin preparing a draught of Panacea Potion. This process will take until the end of the year to complete, and will constitute your final exam, accounting for a considerable portion of your grade in this class. Panacea potion is one of the most powerful healing draughts known to wizardkind. Needless to say, the ingredients are exceedingly rare and precious. Should you make an error, you will not be issued any additional supplies. You will work individually, without talking. You will find the recipe on page two hundred and ninety-seven of Collingwood’s
He huffed dismissively. After a moment he turned in my arms, and I straightened my legs so that we could lie chest to chest. His front was as shockingly cold as his back had been. I suppressed a gasp as his freezing fingers slid across my ribs.
“Oh, you’re clever enough, there are at least three ways you could have gotten to the jury. My bet’s on the hotel cable network. Blackmail, threats. Simple.”
And someone is watching, maybe. And John—maybe—knows someone is watching. It’s hard not to conclude that John led them to his bedroom for sex in order to avoid being watched.
A curious fellow, John thought, touching his chin.  What a curious fellow, indeed.[ Too anachronistic?]
“Oh yes. I didn’t know it at the time. I didn’t even know where you were, until I caught up with you at Mycroft’s. I don’t think sending you the gun worked out quite the way she’d hoped, but it was a nice gesture.”
“Earwax, John,” said Sherlock, pulling his hand away and swiftly retrieving the cotton bud.  “I’m afraid it’s urgent.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrow. He twists in John’s arms and snakes a hand up between John’s legs, outside of his clothes. John cooperates, huffing a little, and Sherlock’s fingers do indeed encounter something firm and buzzy in his nether regions.
“Push up a bit, can you?” John says. Probably should have given this some thought after all; bloody neurochemicals clouding his thinking, now, and all he knows is that he’s going to. One at a time he gets his knees up under him. Warm brush of John’s hairy thighs on the backs of his legs. John’s cock lies heavy along his wet crack for a moment, then slides down to nudge behind his balls; then John centers himself and presses in and, oh, Christ, it is a
They went on in this fashion until the Christmas holidays. Had Sherlock been any other friend, John would have suggested they get together over the break, but he knew that Sherlock would refuse. Oh well, John thought, perhaps it was for the best. A couple of weeks apart might give them both a chance to clear their heads. They could work things out after the break.
“Nah,” John said. “Never happen. Even his friends must be glad to be free of him. Look at how peaceful everything is now. Nobody could want to go back to the bad old days, surely.”
Sherlock decided to take the hint that John was finished talking (and anyhow, he had no idea what to say). The full body contact seemed to calm John down, and gradually his muscles went slack and his breathing evened out. At some point he slid off sideways to nestle under Sherlock’s arm. They fell asleep that way.
They get off the train in Woking, then hire a car and drive to an old country estate called Stoke Moran, a vast 18th Century manse crouched among brooding autumnal gardens.
I have no idea what Sherlock knows about sex, or where he learned it. There’s no porn on the internet here, no dirty magazines, nothing. Sherlock thinks that pornography is illegal and the government remarkably assiduous about enforcing it. So, as far as I know, anything he tries on me is his own inspiration. But I can’t say that anything would surprise me; he’s clearly quite interested in sex, and has certainly demonstrated a willingness to explore the limits of his own body and mind. There’s no telling what he’s tried on his own, while the signal went black.
been thinking, and John leered unsubtly back. He knew the effect he had on Sherlock and made no secret of enjoying it. Sherlock slouched down lower in the chair, his face hot, picturing all the thousand things he would do to John as soon as they got home.
“Maybe I should let them do it. Should I? Just let them line up and take you for their toy, knot after knot, for days, while I watch—“
“Oh! My God, not that I’m implying anything like that.” She leans in close again and looks up at me through her eyelashes. “Ten to one, you’re into women.”
So Sherlock came the next morning to fetch John. He arrived by broomstick, somewhat to John’s surprise, and they flew together to the castle. Rather than landing at one of the gates, they flew straight to the southwest tower and landed on a flat section of the roof. They dismounted from their broomsticks, and Sherlock opened a small door to reveal a steep ladder descending into a large, dim space. The way they were oriented, it would have made the most sense for John to go down the ladder first. But John hesitated, and Sherlock moved smoothly across the doorway and went down. John took a deep breath and followed him.
“This one,” Sherlock said. It was one of the series where John had laid the phone flat on the bed and crouched over it. The fleshy expanse of John’s thigh took up the foreground, but up in the corner John’s hand was visible, tucked in the shadowy cleft of his buttocks, ostensibly concealing his anatomy, but with two fingers bent at the knuckle in a way that quite negated any pretense at modesty. He handed the phone back to John.
“Well, nobody could say I didn’t try.” She sniffs, stamping out the tiny ember. “Good night, Watson.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said, as though it were the least interesting topic imaginable. “Being in this class is the only way I can have access to supplies, apparently. Anyway, Snape’s assured me he’ll cover new material this term.”
Thus relieved of my anxiety for his health, I was unfortunately left alone with an anxiety of quite a different nature. A curious honesty, indeed! Was I to understand that Holmes might welcome my attraction to him? I was well settled in my own feelings by now, and had made peace with the expectation that they would never be returned. Holmes had made it clear on many occasions that he prided himself on his ability to bend the urges of his body to the domination of his will. Even diving into the Thames was a part of that game. But then, how many times had I seen him miscalculate what privations his body could endure? Had he confessed another such miscalculation to me, just now?
Sherlock sighed heavily and sat down in one of the two old armchairs that were drawn up near the hearth. He gestured for John to sit, as well. The chair was extremely comfortable, John found.
, which is just as well as this is clearly what John intends. It’s the most filthy and ridiculous thing anyone’s ever done to him, and he
,” Sherlock said, sitting up quickly. He shook back his clothes and began tugging off the cuffs of his robe. He undressed while John took his shirt off. When they came back together, all naked now, John moaned at the silky touch of Sherlock’s skin. He hadn’t exactly been celibate, but it had been a long time since someone touched him like this. Not since before he was captured. It felt good. Safe.
He brandishes his solution, making up a story about the phone being her heart, as that seems to fit with what everyone assumes has been the plot so far.
“Wait.” He only whispers, but his fingers brush my shoulder. “Would you undress? I want to see you.”
Everybody relaxes fractionally, knowing we’re no longer on camera.  We all look at each other, trying to figure out what to do next, when Mrs. Hudson pops her head in.
“Wait,” said John. “We’re not done. I mean, you can leave if you want to, but we could also keep going.”
The first page has the word STOP at the top, followed by an image of a government seal, followed by a short paragraph of text:
Her tone makes it clear that she finds the idea preposterous.  I wonder who’s responsible for setting me up with her, and whether our relationship will last much longer.  But then comes the bit where I get kidnapped and Sarah gets tied to a chair and, yeah, it really wasn’t fated to last.
With a wordless snarl, Sherlock yanked out his hand and spun John around by the hips. John got to work lowering his jeans while Sherlock unfastened his own trousers. His cock sprang out hard and ready, and then his focus narrowed to John, only John, and John’s sweet, slick, open, shivering body. He pushed in to the hilt immediately, and John muffled a cry against his wrist. John couldn’t spread his legs much to brace himself, so Sherlock held him up, grinding him against the hard surface of the door, fucking him with long, sure strokes that let John feel every inch of the cock he so desperately needed.
Moments later, Sherlock demonstrates his willingness to send himself and John up in a ball of flame if it means stopping me, and my own heart just fucking cracks for him.  This man.  He doesn’t deserve any of this.
John proves remarkably willing to punch him in the face, which is a relief.  He was afraid, after his failure of reason, that John would be physically shy of him, but it seems this is not the case. They get into Irene Adler’s house with no trouble, and he’s sitting in her parlor in his Battered Vicar disguise when she comes in—
