"Robert Holmes," He announces, kissing Mycroft deeply, nipping at his lips, "I'm sentimental. Traditional. I'll take your name."
The church is comforting.Years ago, he'd been shot on the steps of an Afghan church. Staring hazily into the smoking sky, his own blood pooling out, rolling down the steps and into the cooling sand, he thanked the Universe that it gave him something beautiful to gaze at while he passed away. In the shadow of a potentially dangerous firefight, a church was his preferred sanctuary.
The piece has to be far more theatrical, far more practical. It will be a structure that must fool one of the craftiest assassins of their time.  The outside is as intricate as the inside. A partial wall enclosing what is meant to be seen as a Leinster Gardens facade. An entrance into a false floor that juts over the trains behind the facade. A built room created near and around the actual buildings. Soundproof. Slits in the corners that can't be seen from the inside. Furniture perfected to look real, but bullet proof. Fire proof.
Without recollection, Sherlock had launched himself off the bed onto the floor. John had kept his distance, not restraining him, not touching him, but he'd opened the door and started talking to him. John was familiar with PTSD response. Of course, he was an army doctor. The open door would help Sherlock realize he wasn't trapped. John not touching Sherlock would help him, in his panic, understand that John wasn't trying to restrain him. John used only his voice to ground Sherlock back to the present.
"Sherlock, no. I love you. I can't believe we didn't meet sooner. We are around the same people and in the same circles. I was mad you left without telling me. That's all. You're not a freak. At all. You fit right in."
After his baby brother has been asleep for an hour, Mycroft goes into the living room. He looks out the windows, then pulls out his mobile.
"Sherlock," John spoke softly but firmly, placing his hand over his, "You look like a spooked horse."
Sherlock was dressed for dancing in his borrowed leggings and oversized T-Shirt rather than for helping John build the stage set. That didn't stop Sherlock from following John into the scene shop to help him on the table saw. He watched John, fascinated with how he could pick up three heavy two by fours and carry them over his shoulder. He was a marvel to behold.
Sherlock feels tears creep out of his eyes, down his cheeks. He's happy, and scared. John was here; there's a tramped down section of grass that fits his body size. The light is fading quickly, but he will not leave without John. He circles around until he crosses out of a small patch of trees into an open glen. There is a cabin in the distance, with the lights glowing inside, and further away another small town.
'So, Mary, you decided to bomb our flat to try and kill him? A fucking bullet wasn't good enough? Jesus Christ.' He turns off his cell as the team confirms she's received and read the message.
Daemon stopped talking as the front desk attendant brought over a folder to Sherlock, handing it to him with a nod. He looked over Sherlock's shoulder as he read the steps for the internship application.
"Stop. Just stop." Robert, even with his quiet voice, is able to command the room.  He pushes  back from his desk. Looks down at the floor. He's breathing in through his nose and out through his mouth. Willing himself away from a panic attack.
The scaffold had to be inspected by the union, whose representative was James Moriarty. With the scaffold complete, the next and last step was the inspection. The scaffold tower was the highlight of the show.
He laid in his bed, listening to the sounds of John puttering in the kitchen, hoping they were sounds he would hear often, that he could hear forever. He fell asleep before John returned with the tea and toast.
It was 12pm, he was dressed and ready to go, then he realized he wasn't sure where the wedding was to be held. When he went into the hallway, he saw Julie. She was beaming at him, "I've come to collect you. Your bridegroom is waiting for you. He looks just as smashing as you do!"
As they came around the corner, they saw a man pulling on another man. They were fighting, drunk, and it appeared one man was trying to make advances on the other that weren't welcome. It took a split second, but Sherlock and John looked at one another, and gave chase. The culprit took off running, and Sherlock followed, John staying behind just a moment to make sure the victim was alright before continuing. They ran, through alleyways, and crossed in front of traffic. As the man was turning, Sherlock saw a glint of metal.
John pushed the fringe out of Sherlock's eyes, feeling the ringlets of Sherlock's hair all the way down the middle of his back. Sherlock moved close, resting himself on John's chest. John sighed, wrapping his arms and legs around the younger, wiry man, "I am glad you are well, and we are in bed together. Last time we laid in a bed you were so sick, and I wasn't sure if the next breath would be your last."
Sherlock leaned forward, brushing his lips lightly over John's. As he leaned up to avoid bumping into Hamish, he heard a sleepy voice chastise them, "No kissing!"
John's heart is beating out of his chest. The language, word choice. There has been some major cock up, some factor they did not anticipate.
"You've got a bit of stubble there yourself, luaidh, from being asleep for 3 days," John whispered, kissing against Sherlock's jawline, "You look wild."
"The images of the boy that have been spread through London indicate that a man was dragging him and Mrs. Hudson into this flat. We have the disadvantage as the room is dark. There has been no movement that the CCTV cameras can detect inside."
Sherlock is nearly to tears, recalling the look on John's face when he'd walked into the room to find Moriarty and Sherlock across from one another. He'd wanted to explain; John was his heart, and once he'd deduced from his letters where he was going, he couldn't be sure Moriarty wouldn't take the chance to break it.
Sherlock felt incredibly small. He recalled stories of his cousins' arranged marriages and their wedding nights and the pain they endured. What they endured even beyond the first night. Of course. He was expected to touch, and be touched, and to not say no. His father was preparing him for this and
John shushed Hamish  as he pushed down a third time on Sherlock's sternum. His back made popping noises.
"Sherlock, stop!" Sherlock blinked at John, finally quiet so he could speak, "Sherlock, I honestly wasn't sure where I was going, and I lost track of time. I knew I wanted to get you something, to buy you something, to apologize for whatever it is I did but you won't tell me. It took me a while to decide on what. I got you these flowers."
Daemon shrugged, "Does he get his kicks off of it? Was he a kid who never got his break? I know he's a jerk. But why take it this far? It's insane."
The crackle of the emergency radios was heard before the crews ran in through the propped open doors. They navigated their stretcher gingerly, resting it on the stage floor.
Only a little unsteady, Sherlock unwound his arm from John's. He put his palms on either side of his beloved's face, stroking his beard with his thumbs. He leaned in, kissing deeply, moving his mouth gently against his betrothed's. He swayed, John catching him and leading him to a couch in the common room.
Mycroft stops swinging his umbrella and points it at Moriarty, "We return Sebastian Moran to you, unharmed."
Sherlock looked at John, sitting down even closer than before. He wanted to hold him, to kiss him, to explain to him how happy he was. He couldn't think of how to express his incandescent joy, so he surprised himself by saying, "Can Soilleir gallop any faster?"
John inhaled quickly. He recalled the same look, the same inflection, when Sherlock was completely distracted from a case with John's first wedding. He'd imagined, in the months after Mary's death, that Sherlock had loved him then. That he'd loved him from the beginning as John had. Sherlock had sacrificed everything for John, watching him marry someone else and do his best to give John what he thought he wanted.
Sherlock blinked, and John remembers the time he asked Sherlock to be best man. He's a little quicker to recover this time, but not by much.
"Ssshh daddy, I'm talking!" Hamish scrambled to the other side of the other empty bed, "So, should Mr. Detective stay with Daddy and me? He's having a hard time."
"See, John, you are brilliant. You keep saving my life," Sherlock was close to him, looking down at the unconscious man.
Before John had sat down Sherlock began an interrogation. And because Sherlock was British, and male, and even more because he was
Tavis attempted to put Sherlock's arm over his neck to pick him up. Sherlock dug in, keeping his body on the ground.
"Hamish, I'll bring you back some case notes, ok?" Hamish grinned at Sherlock, wrapping his arms around him. Being very light, he swung the boy up into his arms, "You have to be good for Mrs. Hudson, and then you can help us with the loose ends, ok?"
Sherlock reached his hand out and put it on John's knee. He expected John to flinch back, but he didn't.
Sherlock felt warm. He enjoyed being close to John. They'd never been this close before. Sherlock had never seen the amber flecks in his blue eyes, nor the light freckles across his nose and cheeks.
Sherlock, one of the most intelligent and amazing people he knew, had just been rendered nearly speechless by an eight year old.
When he entered the shower, he had to put his hand on the wall to steady himself. As the water ran through his hair and over his face, he could still smell John's cologne, and his thighs were still sticky. He knew it was vile, but he couldn't stand the thought of washing everything from John away.
They listened to the sound of the ship and the soft rocking motion as the engine roared against the waves. John leaned back into Sherlock's embrace, tilting his head so he was resting on Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock leaned down to whisper into John's ear, "Are you alright? What do you think?"
, as that is how he'd taken to picture his name. Sarah had laughed so hard she had changed his name plate to read 'Jawn Watson.'
Hamish nodded, leaning towards Sherlock. Then Hamish smiled, brightly. John thought his heart would burst. Hamish knew John loved him, but his discussions of any sort were so wrapped in logic that John couldn't keep up.
"The ingredients will perk up your skin and enhance the rosiness in your lips and cheeks. I have some rose oil for your skin and your hair. I have some plain oil to give you for bedroom uses."
Sherlock smiled, "You and Hamish can plan the wedding," Sherlock kissed John, pulling his face close, "I'm sorry if we ruined your surprise. We just couldn't wait."
That I've bound myself to you. But that you are still you. You don't need to change, or completely erase yourself, or change for me. I love you. And all  you are, which is why I am wearing your plaid today. You wore mine, even though you were terrified, and scared, and so young for a match. I wrote you all these notes today so you may keep them, even when you doubt, to remind you of how much I've grown to love you, and that I hope to grow into loving you."
Sherlock pushed the pillows down to his lower back, using it as an excuse to move closer, "I've never been good with people, Mycroft's been better. I was so much younger than him, so I wasn't a younger brother, but more of an only child. I was smart, tall, skinny, terrible at sports, my hair always looked like a rats' nest. I've just never been good looking-"
John moved closer to Sherlock, and put his hand on his knee, "Sherlock, I'm always your best friend. No matter what. I don't want to do anything that will upset you." Sherlock nodded, but didn't speak. John continued, "When are we scheduled to leave on this trip? Is there a lot we need to prepare for? I mean, did you still want to get married for this?"
John removed his hand from under Sherlock's kilt and pulled him close. Even though Sherlock was a head taller than John, he made him feel safe and grounded in his strong embrace. John stroked his beloved's cheek, running his finger over his lips.
"Gentlemen, I'm sorry we have no other news, the Magnussen lead is elusive. He's been in Europe for 3 weeks-"
"What if it's the wrong one and they lock John up forever?" Sherlock couldn't hide the emotion in his voice.
John feels along the bed, grabs Sherlock's arm. Sherlock is tucked in behind his back. The room is dark when he opens his eyes. His eyeballs move to search the room and dizziness forces him to rollover nearly on his stomach. His forehead comes in contact with Sherlock's hastily placed forearm over John's right bicep.
John kept himself locked in his room. Daemon and Sherlock waited up all night playing cards and reading up about Moriarty on every trade website and chat group. A horrifying pattern emerged. The company would have a safety visit, they would pass the safety visit with flying colors and then a horrible accident would happen some time later.
John looked at Sherlock, his eyes bright, face smiling. Sherlock hadn't let on at all that he'd been able to understand what Dimmock was saying, but the brilliant man he was, he'd understood everything. John was especially thrilled he stood up for Sherlock as the thank you meant so much. He only wished that Sherlock had typed it into his phone so he could save and re-read later.
As Hamish kicked off his shoes and climbed under the covers, John closed the drapes and turned on his son's CD player. The music was  a recording of Sherlock playing various violin arrangements. The doctor couldn't recall a time when he felt happier. He was in a new home, with someone he loved, with someone who also loved his son. John stood in the doorway, leaning against it, watching as Hamish's breathing became more even and he drifted to sleep. He jumped when Sherlock came behind him, wrapping his arms around his middle.
As the Captain began to open his mouth, John was already moving. The Captain pulled a gun out of the back of his waistband, hiding it with the large book. John shoved Sherlock out of the way in instinct. He heard the shot, knowing it missed Sherlock, concerned that it had whizzed past them and hit a passenger. He didn't hear anything, sound and time had stopped. Adrenaline took over as John covered Sherlock, and he watched the Captain turn the gun, place it in his mouth, and blow his own brains out.
Sherlock had to shut John's jaw with a quick snap of his forefinger. He was smiling at him, "I'll handle this, John." Sherlock stepped out of the hug, bent down and took Hamish's hand. They went into the living room together, whispering.
"Hmm?" John raised his eyebrow, continuing to serve up breakfast. He made himself coffee, trying to guess what Sherlock was up to. It had been a while since they'd had a proper case.
"Oh for God's sake, Sherlock, the man's recovering from dehydration and a nasty virus. Can you not keep your hands off him for a moment?" Mycroft walks into the room with bags in his hands and a male nurse in tow. John can't remember a time he's ever seen Mycroft carry anything but an umbrella.
John smiled, and rubbed his thumb across Sherlock's cheekbone, "I'm not following what you're saying, luaidh"
"No, just in general. In the future. Go out, as a real couple, and eat, watch a movie, and have a date," John fluffs Sherlock's hair, pulling up on his arm. He tugs on his IV line, wincing in pain.
Now, normal is Sherlock taking his face again, pulling it close, kissing him deeply. John can smell the burning cedars and old timbers, feel sparks, the smell and feel of Sherlock's warm gloves upon his face. They are both grabbing, touching, breathing into each other's mouths as they move and pull one another to Sherlock's bedroom. The covers are still down turned from where they slept the night before.
They entered the living room, expecting to see Hamish and Mrs. Hudson still playing Cluedo, or watching a movie. Instead, the dining room table was knocked over onto the floor, and Sherlock's lounge chair was on its side. The Cluedo pieces were strewn all over the floor. John frantically ran from room to room, calling for his son.
Hamish turned again to Sherlock, "So, Mr. Detective, do you go to crime scenes all the  time? Are you friends with Uncle Greg? He has parties and I've never seen you before. I go and play games with his kids, but sometimes they get tired of playing with me because I play different games-"
"Yes, I have a skull, a gift from an older friend who gave me his skull when he passed away. I'd cleared his wife off a murder charged, and prevented her from spending the last five years of her life in prison. As a gift, he agreed to donate his skull to me after he passed away, donating the rest of his body to science."
Greg gestured to the front stage. The only person on the stage was a nurse in her 70s preparing her notes on the first topic of the day,
In the middle of the night, Sherlock panicked, unsure where he was, not sure who was breathing on his neck. He had a fleeting image in his mind of Hamish alone, tied up, and someone trying to touch him. At first, his instinct was to kick back, or bite, to find the boy. He stopped, breathing in, recalling the smell of John. He was in John's bed. He could hear John stirring, and hear his voice from far away.
"I'll tell you my story, Dr. Watson, if you tell me why you didn't attend the wedding of your best friend. You've been best friends for twenty years. He was heartbroken. He was willing to wait for you to get out of surgery to start the ceremony. And yet, roughly two weeks after the wedding, you
When Sherlock began sobbing and begging for him, John pushed into Sherlock, the stretch of his ring of muscle slowly opening over his head. He slowly pushed himself deeper, watching as his body fluttered and took each bit of his thick, long cock. John looked at Sherlock's cock, white and slender, hanging between Sherlock's legs. It was dripping continuously now, wetting a spot on Sherlock's plaid.
John met Sherlock's eyes and he felt a burning urge to ask him, immediately, to marry him. He loved him so much, and he didn't want to be away from his side. Sherlock looked at him with such burning intensity, he leaned down and kissed John so deeply it curled his toes. John pulled back, "Sherlock, I need to-"
"I like to help. I didn't kill anyone," The grandmother and grandfather blushed, looking over at Sherlock. Sherlock just smiled back.
John Watson, M.D., swallowed two naproxen with a shot of hotel coffee as he entered the large hall. Even though the lights were dimmed to a pleasant morning glow, he squinted and moved to the back of the room. It was laid out with rectangular tables and chairs that stretched from wall to wall. Nursing his rolling stomach, John sat on the side aisle in case he had to make a hasty retreat.
They walked into chaos when they found the wife in the kitchen. There were pots and pans on the floor, and she was holding another pot and banging it on the side of the counter. Dimmock's partner was in the corner, frozen in shock, just watching her. Sherlock grabbed John's arm, pivoting them both so they were within their line of sight. Sherlock removed his coat and put it over the couch, rolling his sleeves up to his elbows. His shirt was a little loose to give his arms room to move. He wore braces, dark gray, and on his forearms were tattoos. John wanted to study them, to run his hands over him, but it was completely inappropriate. Instead, he busied himself by taking out his phone and making sure he had the notepad and BSL app ready.
John put himself on his side, urging Sherlock to slide in behind him, "This will be good, even if you can't get in all the way, or we go too quickly, this will feel good," Just as he'd been patient with the scene shop, John was patient in walking Sherlock through each step, and what to do, "Now, pull yourself close to me, line yourself up, that's it. ohmygod, you beautiful boy. Push yourself into me, as gentle and as hard as you want, and fuck me, wrap your other hand around my cock-"
"William Stuart Holmes," Sherlock answered, stroking the reddish, soft hairs on John's jaw. He leaned in, nuzzling the hairs on his chin.
He'd even had panic attacks and nightmares during the course of his engagement and marriage, nightmares that were soothed away when he'd moved back in with Sherlock after her death.
**please heed tag warnings and possible violent triggers here on out. Exploring Mary's violent past**
Sherlock pulled away from the kiss, John whimpered and pitched forward. John was so used to being held and led by Sherlock, he thought nothing of Sherlock pulling him to the couch, standing him in front of it until the back of his calves were supported by it. They kissed more, growing sloppy in their desire and want. John felt Sherlock's erection pressed into his thigh, and Sherlock's nimble fingers worked on John's button and zip. His jeans were around his knees and Sherlock gingerly sat him on the couch, causing him to yelp with the cool feel of the fabric on his bare arse. Sherlock grinned at him wickedly, pulling his pants to his ankles, though not all the way off, getting to his knees and crawling up between John's legs.
In the six days since John and Sherlock's first official date, Sherlock had run himself ragged. What the press called "a satanic ritual" had taken place near the Thames river and a body hanging by its feet was slung over a tree on Guildhall school grounds. The students had been terrified and the school closed. There was graffiti at the satanic ritual locale that matched a brand that was burnt into the corpse's flesh. It was at least an 8, and involved interviews, interrogations, and running back and forth across London. Sherlock was back into his old habits, the familiar adrenaline rush. He was consulting alone.
Sherlock's phone buzzed again. He pulled it up so John could see the messages, "No hits on the fingerprint copies I emailed Molly. No data that matches the information in the threatening notes." He gave John one last squeeze, "Let's head to the dining room."
John's eyes crinkled at the compliment, and he kissed the top of Sherlock's nose, "You are the beautiful one, my lovely boy," John reached into the drawer and pulled out a condom and lube, pulling Sherlock to the side to watch. "This time, I want you to be inside me, Sherlock. We can slowly work up to everything else, but being on the bottom takes preparation and work, and I'm impatient. And, I don't want to hurt you."
"Oh, naive Mycroft," Moriarty clicks sympathetically, "That was just a distraction to keep John and Sherlock from focusing on the real plan. She's bent on taking over my organization. She's bent on destroying all of us in this room. And she will do so, with Charles Magnussen's backing, unless we stop them. All of us."
Sherlock hands him a wad of cash, nods, and walks back another way home. He has to stop himself several times from buying cigarettes. John will smell and taste them.
The murderer assumed the doctor or the ambulance crew wouldn’t run after him, or that they would block the police from getting to him. The murderer just saw a
was it to the Czech Republic?" John used the same tone Major Sholto had used with him, the same inflection Captain John Watson used with impertinent green recruits.
was hovering behind him. He looked thunderous, face and neck flushed and perspiration on his brow. At first, John assumed he was simply in his way to get water before his next strenuous interpreting session. John sidestepped, getting out of Sherlock's path, but the man followed him, leaving only scant inches between the two. The tall man gestured the sign for phone.
don't mind," John looked out from the bedroom doorway into the living room, "Give me just a second, ok? I'll shut the door and you can come out when you're ready."
Around the table were cries of goodwill and congratulations. John heard glasses clinking, and looked at Sherlock quizzically.
John paused. Unfazed, Sherlock continued signing, the Deaf audience members giggling. John turned, cocked his hip out, putting his elbow on the podium, resting his cheek on his fist. A pose of boredom. Of waiting for Sherlock to finish. The minutes ticked by. The audience grew restless and turned, looking at the sign language interpreter have what appeared to be an off topic conversation while the speaker wasn't even giving his talk. Eventually, Sherlock caught on. Molly had poked him. Everyone looked between Sherlock and John. Sherlock looked pale.
John looked up at Sherlock, his eyes clear in the residual light from the kitchen. His eyes were the color of the night sky, just before dawn, most definitely, "Would you be amenable, if you fell ok, with going on a date with me tomorrow? Hamish will be at his grandparents for the weekend. I decided to burn some vacation I've had saved up."
Sherlock turned to John, lifting his arm up to touch his cheek, "You didn't hurt me. It was perfect."
Sherlock moves his hips close and their erections touch as he settles over him. With slicked fingers, Sherlock enters John, and fully lays on top of him so they can kiss and rub against each other while Sherlock opens him.
Sherlock ignored his protests, taking John's wet plaid, his shirt and sporran, laying them out across bushes. Sherlock unwound his dry plaid, keeping his back to John, handing it  over his shoulder to him.
Tavis didn't respond but hauled Sherlock up by the scruff of his neck. Sherlock protested, claiming it pinched. Tavis began hauling him back to his house, berating him the entire way, "Sherlock, you are brilliant, but you can be an absolute fool. We were children. Children say hurtful things. You seem to forget all the times you called us idiots and you refused to play with us because what we did was too childish. Your dear John is in love with you, utterly besotted, and you've worried him sick long enough. You need to get all these notions out of your mind that you're not good enough for him."
Sherlock didn't answer, pulling John into a passionate kiss. Teeth, and tongue, and a rock of hips against one another. "Whatever you want, John. All I can find myself thinking about is a honeymoon, however. A proper, long, holiday. Just the two of us. I love our family, Mrs. Hudson and Hamish, but I am selfish, and I want some time alone with my
"You're so hot Sherlock, and wet," John moaned, pushing in just a bit more, "Can you feel me, just barely touching you? Can you feel me, just there?"
John watched Sherlock turn and go to the bed, picking up the package. John let himself admire Sherlock's outfit from the backside. Sherlock handed the package to John, his hand shaking. John, completely naked, took it, but grabbed Sherlock's hand, pulling him close.
Sherlock pulled away from his mother's grasp and pointed to the kitchen house, "You built a full kitchen house!"
As the city lights begin to dot the horizon and wash out the stars, Sherlock receives another text from his brother.
"Do not touch your hair until your groom can let it down for you. You look like a crowned prince, or a wood sprite from the forest. You are absolutely glowing and beautiful, and I would not let you go if you did not love him and he didn't love you," Tavis bestowed a kiss on the crown of Sherlock's head, "Where did your betrothed leave your first clue?"
Sherlock cleared his throat, "John, do you mind if I talk to Hamish for a bit? Just us? You don't have to leave the room if you don't want to."
John inspected his lover's body, gently touching and looking over every inch of him. He ran his fingers over his ribs, his hips, inspecting the finger tip bruises and the tender place where their bodies had joined. Seeing no injury, he laid down beside Sherlock, wrapping them up in the quilt, facing each other. Sherlock captured John's fingers in his own, bringing each one up to his lips for a kiss. "You have captured my body and soul," Sherlock breathed, now mouthing kisses against John's knuckles, "I love you."
John hung up the phone, lips pursed in a thin line. He inhaled shortly, "You will come home with us. I am only doing this as a favor to my best friend and his husband. I understand addiction, but I am less than thrilled about bringing a former cocaine addict into my home-"
He wonders if he would have kissed him then, as he's doing now. If Sherlock would have opened his mouth, grabbing his back, his buttocks, his thighs, roaming over every bit of him. Would he have pulled their shirts off, as they are doing now? Or would he have stopped himself? They are wild eyed, breathing ragged and heavy, as John moves close to Sherlock.
"Please leave." Sherlock snapped, still unsteady on his feet. He shuffled to his bedroom, climbing into bed while wearing his same clothes.
Sherlock couldn't help but yelp at the feeling of their cocks nearly lining up, the heads of them bumping against one another, the leaking fluid mixing as they ground their hips together. John kept his eyes fixed on Sherlock, both of their faces growing more red, perspiration forming on their lips and foreheads.
Sherlock leaned on his forearms, looking at Tavis, giving William access to comb through and place decorative braids throughout his shoulder length curls. He took glass beads to clip the ends of the braids to keep them in place. As he worked on his hair, Tavis quizzed him.
John laughed, and Sherlock chuckled. It was an internal laugh, a shaking of his shoulders and a throaty sound. It made John want to hear his voice more and wonder what he sounded like when he spoke. He turned, watching him as he started the car and pulled out, following the police car. John turned on the radio, listening to BBC just to check on the news. John pulled up his BSL app to find another couple of signs to show Sherlock when given the chance.
"Eye, ya pretty thing. Can't believe our Johnny laddie's marrying a sweet thing like you. Delicate, not what we expected at all for our Johnny, ded'we?"
Sherlock had been up for a while, just watching John and Hamish sleep. He reached over to brush hair out of Hamish's face, and as he moved, Hamish peeked his eyes open to stare at Sherlock.
"I know," John put his hand on Sherlock's knee. He was on the floor now, looking up. He looked so young, so like Hamish, open, wide eyed, just waiting for an answer.
"Sherlock, my beloved, breathe. Breathe my love," John pulled back, peppering Sherlock's neck with kisses. John continued to rub Sherlock's arms with solid, grounding touches, encouraging him to slow down.
John needed a few moments to himself to review his plans and determine what materials he had to purchase. Sherlock didn't realize how tired he was until he curled up in the corner to rest. His eyes drooped as he put his head on his knees, watching John through his curls.
John decided to try physical seduction. He wandered the flat in his towel, wet from the shower. Being the horndog trash that he was, he broke into the bathroom while Sherlock was brushing his teeth. While wearing only pants, John stretched himself over the sink, reaching over for something he didn't need, just so Sherlock could get a good view of his arms, back and arse.
John kissed him, gently, pecking his lips, his jaw, down his neck, tracing the path the water had taken earlier. He nipped and licked, sucking a bit of blood to the surface on his collarbone. Sherlock moaned, "John, I thought we were going to sleep."
He stopped himself. Evaluating from the top of her head to the soles of her shoes. What was different?
Before John could answer, Hamish started in, "No, daddy didn't have to tell me, papa. I noticed he got his box down of army memories. In there is his tags, and on his computer history he'd been searching chains. Silver or white gold chains. Something like that he wouldn't erase from his history. Daddy likes things that match, so he wouldn't buy you a chain of yellow gold and a ring in white gold. We've also walked a different route to the park that goes by a jeweler. Daddy thinks I don't notice but every time he stops just a bit. His eyes linger on the men's wedding rings, especially on the platinum or the white gold ones. That's what daddy was going to buy you."
He was drifting to sleep in the warm water of the tub. John heard Sherlock enter the room. He panicked, thinking he needed to get up out of the water quickly to cover up. John, after a moment, dismissed the idea. They'd both seen each other in various states of undress before. This was no different.
"Nothing...I was..." John remembers his promise, their promise, of together, "Well. I was remembering when you did something like that to Janine, and it just made me feel..."
John feels a push in his balls, and he spills into Sherlock, pushing himself back down onto the bed. He grabs Sherlock's cock, wet with sweat, pulling it from between their stomachs. He comes quickly; they grind their mouths into each other as Sherlock cries John's name, screams his name.
John looks at Sherlock and then moves closer. Sherlock has a devious look on his face, "I made Mycroft buy us supplies," He laughs, bounding into the kitchen and then rustling in the bedroom. Sherlock returns to the living room to help John up off the couch.
"Oh, Captain Watson. You know my brother's methods. Love, and friendship, at that time, were not his area. But the decision, Captain John Watson, was fully yours. I just hoped to point you two in the right direction, as I recognized you had the qualities, and the spirit, that we desperately knew he needed.  I dared hope you would save my brother's life as you did mine. To John Watson, whom we all love dearly as our brother, who is our brother fully."
She never breaks eye contact with Sherlock. Her aim is true; even at a side glance, even with Samantha's body at an awkward angle at their feet.
"Stop. You've had your fun, mocking me, mocking my-" He cut himself off, breathing in sharply. His eyes were a shade of ice green he'd never seen before, "You've had your game now, John, now leave me be."
"Come, John," Sherlock stated, opening the door and gesturing for John to come with him. Without question, John followed Sherlock up the dock and into the city. A few blocks from the seaside was a specialty jeweler that was keeping their shop open into the evening hours.
John stirred, waking to find Sherlock crying and Hamish in his arms. John reached over to run his fingers through Sherlock's curls, "You two ok?"
Sherlock smiled, running his hands through John's windblown hair, trying to straighten it, "Yes, let's call it a date, then," and he grabbed John's neck and his back, pulling him flush with his body. He moaned.
When they were sitting, knees touching, Sherlock pulled out his cell phone so John could see it. As John read the messages from Mycroft, Sherlock's jittering leg was so distracting that John moved closer to still him.
Right now, they were putting up "Fly Loft," which was no better than a reboot of "Waiting for Guffman." The play was about a theatre company whose main character (spoiler alert) dies - either from an accident or someone else killing him.
Sherlock had never been called nice. In all his years of working with his personality he'd become less abrasive, but never nice. He imagined Hamish and John, sitting up late, saying kind things about him. He wrapped his arms around himself, trying to discreetly wipe his face.
"Mom and Dad, this is my boyfriend, Sherlock," John said it confidently, putting his hand on the small of Sherlock's back, encouraging him to come to the center of the room and shake hands with his parents. Sherlock couldn't move for a moment.
They were both quiet, Sherlock only able to breath and gasp as John worked on his back, John exhaling as he pushed with his knuckles.
He'd felt no desire to touch or kiss Sally, or bring her to the side barn to be alone. He'd appreciated her help, and her thoughts and funny stories, but he didn't feel any need for touching.
"John," Sherlock closes his eyes a moment, then opens them, "You are so easy to love. You have so many friends, and can make new friends easily." Sherlock kisses John's thumb that is rubbing the side of his face, "You're my only friend. I will never have another
- isn't on rotation but he visits Sherlock twice the following day, bringing Hamish in the afternoon.
She cocks the gun, allowing the sensory memory to take Sherlock over. He can't help his knees giving out now; she pulls away, his only support gone. Sherlock crumbles forward, his forearms barely breaking his collapse into the pavement. He hears her clipped steps grow fainter and fainter.
"Oh, Sherlock," John moaned, running water over his shoulders. He took some lavender, crushing it into the water. He took a cut plaid, dipping it into the water, swirling it into the lavender water. "How is the temperature?" John could see the goose pimples on Sherlock's back and arms, so he went to the hearth and grabbed the kettle of warming water. As he approached the metal tub, Sherlock said something that John couldn't quite understand.
Robert scoots closer. His bodyguard sits in the front seat, so they could sit on opposite sides if they wanted.
He didn't answer Greg, but continued to look at his phone, determining how to answer John. He was at work until midnight, but he wanted to hear his voice. He didn't want to be rude, but he really wanted to be alone. He loved his brother and brother in law but there was only so much he could take.
Greg looked John up and down. He pursed his lips and said, "By a long time, you mean one and a half days since the conference started?"
"Oh, John," his voice was cracking, broken, aching. John wasn't unsure that he wasn't grateful to hear the way Sherlock said his voice, as it conveyed that he cared. John moved his hand again to his throat, gesturing to a cup he noticed on a tray table somewhere behind Sherlock.
"There is a great Italian restaurant by my apartment. I could take my bag with me, and you could drop me off at my apartment tonight."
As Billy watches him from his kitchen perch, John moves in front of the mantle and looks at photos. He expects to see photos of Mycroft and Sherlock with their parents.
"Hey," Just at the right time, so she doesn't look outside while they're pulling up to their new house, "Sherlock said that his name is a girl's name. We should name our baby after him."
He can't go home alone. He needs help getting up and down out of the bed, but he's not sick enough to stay here-"
He wakes himself, after about forty minutes, the soldier mind never turned off, and it's early evening. John stumbles around in the near dark until he finds matches and the kerosene lamp. Digging in the pantry, he locates a can of beans and eats the food with his fingers. He can help giggling; he's like goldilocks and the three bears, breaking into houses for food and naps.
John gave him a frightening look. His brow was furrowed. He looked up at Tavis, then back at Sherlock. When John spoke again, his voice was quiet, but thunderous.
John keeps his eyes on the town, and occasionally looks up at the stars. It's gorgeous. Without city lights, it's so much easier to see the complexity and layers of the stars.
He hears Mycroft come up the stairs (more accurately, his steps, and the staccato of his umbrella) and hears him calling for him. When Sherlock doesn't answer, Mycroft timidly pushes open the bathroom door.
"Yes," He stops rubbing Sherlock, his shivering has subsided, "I am here, I will be going home with you. I'm sorry. Did you know?"
Sherlock looked at John for a moment, blinking quickly a few times. He didn't speak, but turned on his heel and jogged the other direction. John shook his head. He didn't follow the detective, forgetting completely about the thief and the case.
Sherlock's eyes are now filling with tears, "I thought it was part of the plan, or you forgot, or..." John pulls Sherlock's face down to his, kissing, nibbling at his lips, "Sherlock, Sherlock, the only thing keeping me from marrying you is being released from my current marriage. I am yours."
Not waiting for Sherlock to answer, the older woman, the grandma, fixed up Sherlock's blankets, adjusted his pillows, gently raised his head, and, most likely out of habit, smoothed his hair out of his eyes. She smiled at him, "Johnny said you took quite a fall with the murderer. You were out for almost 12 hours. I hope Hamish wasn't talking your ear off. He does that."
Sherlock turned around, which was a mistake. His fly was undone and his shirt unbuttoned. John stared at his chest and the trail of black hair that disappeared into his pants.
As his breathing returned to normal, he felt long fingers wrap around his hand that was clutched near his breast. A deep baritone responded, "You are alright. You always get nightmares the first night when you've changed your bed. You are home. You are with me, your husband."
John noticed that the flowers were no longer on the table. He went to sit in one of the chairs, and his heart hurt. He stared at the chair that Sherlock had sat in, his heart aching with the memory of the kisses they'd shared earlier.
" Hamish whispered loudly in Sherlock's ear, as if translating a foreign language, "Mr. Detective, that's his
They load into the jet, greeted by others in fatigues, plain clothes officers, bags of weaponry. A minor post in the British government indeed.
Sherlock stood over him, pulling at his hair, creating a wild halo around his head. His eyes burned ice blue, "Repeat what you said about the play before. Salieri? Amadeus?"
Sherlock ducked his head down and grabbed John's arms. They were now flush, John's front tucked against Sherlock's back, "I didn't notice that he'd left. So we are alone?"
Sherlock awoke to the sound of rain softly tapping against his roof. The sun had set long ago and it was now the middle of the night. He sighed, stretching, wiping off his face with his nightgown.  He went to his nightstand, took out a lamp and matches, and dressed in his oldest clothes. He padded down the hallway, walking quietly past his parents' room. He was quiet as he walked past Mycroft's room until he remembered he wasn't home. He was surely at his house with his new husband.
John was confused. He saw blood on the floor, but he wasn't hurt. Sherlock wasn't shot. However, Sherlock had a wild look on his face, and he was pulling off his jacket and laying John back on his legs. He saw another doctor - a passenger - maybe a nurse? Run up to him, pressing on his shoulder. Why was everyone pushing on his shoulder? He'd been shot a long time ago there -
Tavis smiled, "I know that. But he has a hard time believing it. He's worried you will leave him," Tavis placed his hand on John's shoulder, "I know you want your house done before you marry, but I think you should marry him as soon as you can. He's doing everything to keep busy while he waits for the day to arrive because he's afraid it won't actually come."
Just as he was soaping his arms he heard the door handle turn. "Sherlock?" He asked. John heard his voice through the splash of the water, "You usually eat breakfast first." He sounded so terribly young.
As the murderer ran from behind the dumpster, the doctor yelled "watch my son" in the general direction of the police. The young boy, maybe 7 or 8, was standing near Lestrade. Sherlock took off in the doctor's general direction, calculating a cut off  based on the sounds of the scuffling and the thumps of feet against the pavement. Sherlock turned a corner around the building, miscalculating slightly, and ran nearly headfirst into the murderer.
Sherlock's voice is absolutely thunderous. He is yelling to the corners where the snipers were positioned, "You are lucky Mycroft Holmes is not more harmed. If he had been mortally wounded, none of you would have left this room alive!"
He calls Mycroft, calls Sherlock. They'll have to get a good disguise for Sherlock, but he has to come see what's going on. CCTV reveals no clues.
They don't speak, or move. John kisses Sherlock's jaw, pulling him close with fingers on the back of his neck. Sherlock continues to move slowly, so John wraps both legs around Sherlock's waist, forcing him in deeper.
"Hamish Scott Watson please hand the phone to your father," Hamish knew the tone of voice, so he took the phone off speaker and handed it to his father.
"When Mycroft figured out what happened, after he sent me home, he went next door…he was 15, and he killed the neighbor. Smashed a garden shovel over his head. Just meant to knock him out while the police were on their way, but it was a bit too hard…..Mycroft was going to be sent away, and I had to prove it wasn't premeditated, that the bruises on me were from him….the neighbor."
Hamish continued to go on about his experiment. John leaned over and kissed Sherlock, and kissed Hamish, "You need to clean it up!"
The detective looked at the photos and up at the young man in front of him. He looked at Daemon, who shrugged his shoulders in confusion.
John turned around, nodding his head, shutting himself in his bedroom. Sherlock was sure he could still hear the two of them speaking.
John followed Sherlock's line of sight. Across the street, a group of Scottish men, playing bagpipes, were crossing on the other side of the road. They were dressed in the finest plaids and in full Scottish Highland dress.
Daemon pulled out a Playbill, then another. He smoothed out the listings so the cast was side by side, including the understudies.
"Yes," Mycroft is careful to look at Sherlock only, "It will be more difficult for you two than I realized. The necessity for you, Sherlock, to leave town and stay in hospital so you are safe. Mary must also feel that she has John's undivided attention."
John was touching himself, rubbing himself with Sherlock's semen, his face flushed, his eyes closed, "Sherlock," he moaned, leaving a trail on Sherlock's belly. As his breathing returned to normal, he looked into Sherlock's eyes. Sherlock's eyes were wide, and his arms fluttered, he was unsure where to put his hands.
As he was nearing the end of it, he tried to blow smoke rings up in the air. He looked over another souvenir, a heart shaped keychain. This was one of his most prized gifts, as it was given from a gay woman who was trapped in an abusive marriage. He'd been able to free her from her husband's blackmail, and she'd sent the pendant with the marriage date to her wife engraved on it.
"Where is this unscented oil now?" John asked, not breaking eye contact as he threw back a glass of mead.
Mycroft laughs. Completely inappropriate, but he remembers the bar fight he staged on John's stag night  in the hopes of them finally having
Sherlock pushed his forefinger in, groaning at the initial burn, "John, I would imagine this was your finger, pushing into me, touching me," Sherlock then took his other hand and began massaging his nipples, "Your hands, everywhere, I would hear you, in the flat, wishing you wanted me, wishing you wanted to be with me."
It was nearing ten pm when John grabbed Sherlock's hand and they ran out of the theatre down an alleyway to a small door hidden in the side of a bar, "I live in this apartment above my parents' bar. It's cheap, nothing fancy, but I have a nice bed." John winked, letting Sherlock walk ahead of him. He pinched Sherlock's ass as he walked up the stairs.
"Come, luaidh, let's get you some food and drink. It's been a long few days," John whispered in his ear, pulling away to kiss him on his cheek. Sherlock turned and observed John's face. John Hamish Watson had deep circles under his eyes and worry lines crinkling his brow. John was exhausted from working on their new home, as the physical work is what had kept John's mind off Sherlock's condition after the fall.
"Ok. Let me finish cleaning and I'll be right there," John heard the door click shut as the only reply. He hardened in anticipation. Though he doubted the gift of clothing was sexual in nature, the trashy part of John's brain was excited to even be invited into Sherlock Holmes' bedchambers. He scrubbed every inch of himself, making sure if he were inspected by the younger man he would be satisfactory. His arsehole and bollocks tingled with the extra attention, and he suddenly realized it had been a very long time since he'd had sex. All his energy the past couple months hadn't been spent on pulling women and men as it had been during his
Sherlock looked at John, biting his lip. John had scooted a bit closer to him, one knee popped up on the couch, his other leg dangling to the floor. His arm was on the back of the couch.
Rather than speaking, Sherlock fled the table. John heard Sherlock's door snap shut. John waited, continuing to eat, hoping Sherlock would decide to come back out when he cooled down. When he was finished with breakfast, he listened at Sherlock's door. He went to the front window and watched the traffic. He went back into the kitchen, wrapped Sherlock's food, drank the rest of his coffee, and put on a light jacket as he grabbed his keys and wallet. Before leaving, he knocked on Sherlock's door. He held his ear to the door, but he didn't hear a sound.
He's absolutely in knots over asking out Robert again. Four days? Is it too soon? He's seen him a few times, in the hallway between their offices, and they have passed each other with smiling, side glances. Mycroft recalls his few (and far in between) dalliances and secret relationships. Only four  days, and thinking of Robert has him driven to distraction.
John's dad stepped forward, reaching out his hand to shake Sherlock's. He had a wide smile on his face, the lines around his eyes crinkling. "Hello, Mr. Sherlock."
Sherlock's ears were pink, and his neck and chest were flushed. He chewed his lips as he spoke, "Alone with you is fine with me."
"Hey," John tapped Greg's shoulder, "That girl you're interested in, her friend Sherlock, is he Deaf?"
Julie led John to the glass enclosed observatory. The sun was high in the sky, and the light and ocean were reflecting off all the windows. Flowers in tall vases, that were bolted to the floor, lined the entire room. There was a natural aisle where groups of passengers had gathered to watch the ceremony. John walked up, leaving Julie in her seat.
"Hello, Mr. and Mrs. Watson," Sherlock said, pushing his hair out of his eyes, "I'm Sherlock," He remembered the love mark John had left on his neck, but it was too late to do anything about it now.
John had given Sherlock a pointed glare. Sherlock then wrapped his arms around John, whispering promises to make it up to him with the
Robert rolls his eyes and continues, "Whatever his name. You're more shocked by me kissing you than you'd be by me up and leaving. You expect the worse of situations and people. I know you, Mycroft. I'm here. You won't find that out for sure in my file, or my transcripts, or kidnapping everyone I know and bribing them. You're going to have to be brave and do what the ordinary people do. Love me back if you can. And ask me yourself. You can tell if I'm lying."
Sherlock rolled off of John's lap, and John stretched, then rolled up to his feet. Sherlock rolled his eyes, "She drives me crazy." John laughed, "She appears to get the job done, though. But you may want to go change clothes, love, before everyone sees you in that outfit."
Sherlock put his finger to his lips for John to be quiet. He snuck to the right to go behind Mr. Hudson. He was deciding how to grab Mr. Hudson and the gun when he saw Hamish twitch his leg. Mr. Hudson yelled at him, "Stop moving!" Sherlock took this as his cue.
The ghost again, standing outside the car near Mary and Mycroft. He hasn't had a moment alone with Sherlock to ask, a moment where they might not be overheard.
"If you lay here with me, John, we are as good as considered married. Even without the ceremony. Even without consummation," Sherlock reached out and traced his face, touching John's cheek, his lips, his eyebrow, "are you sure you want to spend the night in bed with me?"
Sherlock shuddered, releasing onto his stomach. As he orgasmed, John felt his body shudder around his cock. The squeeze drove John to completion, pulling John's release out of him and into Sherlock's body.
He turned and looked down at Sherlock, "Good morning, er, evening," he smiled, running his fingers through Sherlock's wild hair, "I made breakfast, and lunch, but you slept through both. There are leftovers in the fridge."
Mycroft pulls down his camouflage front, "Sherlock followed us, really, beat us here. He threatened everyone because he loves you. And he's next door working on experiments. We need to go talk to him."
"Wait," John says, stroking Sherlock's hair, his forehead pressed to his, "Are you sure? I don't want to rush you -"
The opposite of this fun was the week that came before it. The week where the technical aspects had to crash like a freight train into the weeks of actor rehearsals. Light cues, props, quick costume changes, everything noted and choreographed with furor by the stage manager.
Sherlock's reaches under him to grab around his chest and place him as gently as possible on the bed. John grabs his fingers before he can move away to go to the kitchenette.
Sherlock watched with fascination as the Watson clansmen worked for days on end to secure their home. He remembered when, as a child, the men of his clan had worked round the clock to put up a
"I'm not good at this, John. But I want you to know I love you, and I'll do my best," Sherlock kisses him until he's breathless; John is grateful they're on the bed or he would've collapsed. They finish pulling every inch of clothing off of each other. John looks at their bodies, naked, aroused, covered in scars. John's skin a warmer, rosy color; Sherlock's a paler, sleeker, cool tone.
The observer would have described a man willing to destroy, or be destroyed; a hurricane. They would not have been able to tell you the man standing there, overlooking the city from his brother's flat, gripping his mobile until his knuckles were white and red, was Mr. Mycroft Holmes.
"I've got to run one more experiment with Mr. Detective. He's helping Uncle Greg with the case on the jealous babysitter. Uncle Greg isn't sure if it's the wife or the babysitter, so Mr. Detective is having to run analysis on everything in the house to see if they can pin down the murder weapon, " Hamish yawned, "I have school tomorrow, so I need to get the blood run to see what type it is-"
Roderick takes three flights and a train into the English countryside. He zigzags; using various names to cross borders.  He rendezvous a few miles outside Appledore with the Spanish contingent.
"He is a diamond in the rough. He's quiet, shy, but smart. He lets few people in to see his true self. One has to earn it."
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, fully capturing him up into his arms, sitting him on his lap, squeezing him into himself. He looked into his face, "I can't believe you."
John pulled his fingers through Sherlock's curls, looking into his eyes, "Will you be happy with me? Or at least content with me? I cannot bind you to me unless I feel I'd at least make you somewhat happy. You're so beautiful. And so very young. You could have anyone. Are you sure?"
"Is Seb?....was he one of the ones?" Moriarty's voice cracks, he runs his hands up and down his arms. (Are those honest to God tears? Jesus, he cared for someone?)
handsome if you can see the diamond in the rough. You're just the tall, dark, mysterious type, yea?"
John ran his fingers through Sherlock's curls. They caught on one of his braids. John rolled one of the beads in his fingers. It was a bluish green bead that changed color depending on the way it was held in the light.
Sherlock took a deep breath, then began speaking at a thunderous pace, "John, I….I don't have an excuse. He was really curious. I covered up everything that I thought would cause a boy of his age nightmares. He's so smart, John. I want him to know his intelligence doesn't make him weird, that Dr. Molly Hooper is smart and she's different, but she's made a great career, and I'm smart and different, but I've built something for myself to help others. I don't want him to feel alone-"
John laughed at him, pulling him closer in his arms, "Is this alright? If I kiss you sometimes when you're not hurt?"
John gave a slight smile back, tilting his head, "Sorry, I keep interrupting you, Sherlock, go ahead."
John tried to keep his eyes off Sherlock as the man drove, streetlights illuminating and drifting over as they sped down the motorway. John was again surprised by the silence. No GPS, radio blaring, or idle chatter. Just the sounds of the car rolling, the noise from other traffic muffled and distant.
"John, John," There was warm breath on his neck. Who was that? He smelled like Sherlock. Sherlock and his ridiculous poncy tea tree oil shampoo. Coffee breath. There was a scuffle.
John put his forehead on Sherlock's and breathed. He cradled his head with his forearm, stroking his hair back onto the bedsheets. He looked at him, feeling his wetness and the heat of his groin, and his anxiety in the small undulations of the younger man's hips.
Watching the guilt roll off of Mycroft's face when he explained his stories that weren't in his files was worth all the wounds, the pain, the silence of these years. Their lives, their missions, had been dancing around each other. Robert had known (of) Mycroft for a very long time, and had known his family. They'd been comrades in arms, fighting against a common enemy, for years, dancing around each other.
John walks down another forest path, the sunlight beginning to warm him. He feels like a child run away from home. He wonders if anyone misses him. Isn't that what children do, run away to see if people will miss them? To get attention?
The car slows down to pick up Robert at the end of his drive. He has a body guard. Robert pops the door open and looks in, the bodyguard carrying an overnight bag into the car.
Hamish grinned, looking  at his daddy from over Sherlock's shoulder, "Loose ends, daddy! I get to help with that. Like when I was an anony-bus type!"
"Shhhhh," Sherlock hushed, even this sound too loud in his mind, "My John. What have you been doing? You are covered in dirt and sweat. You look exhausted."
Finally satisfied with the inspection, that the scaffolding was sound and that the actor could lean on it at the right time and it would flip open for the dramatic fall, Jim Moriarty left them in peace. John watched his sister leave the stage and go outside to drink some scotch she kept hidden in her office.
"Are you ok?" Julie asked, "I know Sherlock is staying in another room to keep the wedding night romantic, but he looked miserable when I last saw him."
"It will involve you taking a week, maybe two, off work,"  Sherlock was crowding closer, "You'll be going with me, on a case," John huffed at this, "It's on a cruise. A cruise from Southampton to Norway."
John looked up at Sherlock, hoping Sherlock could deduce the love and desire on his face, "I can say the same of you."
John left the room, grabbing his speech and room card, glaring at Greg and giving him the universal sign for
Robert touches Mycroft's knee to get his attention, "A week from today, I want you to come to my home for the weekend. To finalize everything."
Sherlock opened his mouth, then shut it. He turned and looked at Hamish, who shrugged his shoulders, "Mr. Detective said he dissected his first human cadaver at age 10. I figured this was a good work up to it."
John continued, explaining the difficulty of holding on to reality after a life-threatening injury took away his career. He went on to demonstrate how PTSD needed to be treated as a manageable disease to break the cycle of depression and listlessness that follows the loss of work and identity after a tour is over. John shared his current pattern of being afraid of commitment, of wandering through his life without a plan and of barely being able to form proper attachments. He explained how these failures are also on the spectrum of PTSD and present when a wounded veteran comes home.  He kept his voice even, pleasantly surprising himself as he recounted the worse days after being shot in the shoulder. John described the months of physio and the ongoing therapy to stay the nightmares of his dying soldiers. As he finished, he felt lighter, having exposed some of his darkest secrets to a large room full of strangers, save Greg Lestrade.
Daemon and Sherlock stopped and looked up at John when he walked close. Sherlock took one last drag off his cigarette, throwing the butt on the ground and mashing it with his heel. John raised his eyebrow, then picked up the cigarette and threw it in the trash.
Sherlock was moving closer to John when Sherlock's phone began ringing and beeping. Sherlock responded by yelling, "Shut up!" which earned him a thump from an occupant in the room next door. John urged him to take the call as the number had called him three times in a row. Sherlock rolled his eyes, but answered the call and put it on speaker.
"Hi, Sherlock," he had a dazzling smile, "I'm not really a theatre person, I work in construction, by my sister Harry asked me to help. Sounds like the rigging will be pretty complicated?"
Sherlock must not have read his lips, because he didn't respond. There was too much going on, and Dimmock didn't enunciate very well when he spoke. There was no response to Dimmock's question, and Sherlock didn't seem taken aback by the high pitched wailing, yelling and breaking items coming from somewhere in the house.
John's vision darkens, he has trouble breathing. He's been to war, he's been to crime scene after crime scene, but all he can see, looking at the bodies with chest gun shots, are 7 Sherlocks lined in a row. Laying down in order just as Sherlock had lain in Magnussen's office.
Sherlock left the room and the house at a quick pace, taking in the frosty morning air. The farmhands were stirring from their stable rooms and were feeding and brushing out their horses as the night watch were coming in, exhausted and sleep deprived. The lead farmhand, the one that had ridden up on them last night, galloped beside them.
John watched Sherlock's mouth, quiet and fascinated by the ache of love for this man. He stopped, and John kept his fingers laced in between Sherlock's, their hands joined and lying between them on the bed. Sherlock smiled, and John responded, laughing.
"Please," Sherlock whimpers, "Let me hold you, tighter." They pull into one another's arms. John puts his head on Sherlock's chest, and they sleep until sunlight streams in the window.
Hamish turned around, his smile bright as he saw Sherlock and John standing shoulder to shoulder in his doorway.
He turns to the left as he's rounding a corner and recalls suddenly a day when he and John were running through the streets at breakneck speed. When they'd stopped, breathless, against a wall, Sherlock remembers having to dig his heels into the concrete to keep from pushing himself over to kiss John. God, he'd loved him. Even then, all this time. He aches with missing him, but it's a better ache than words unspoken.
"Your great uncle saw I was wearing your tartan at my brother's wedding. He said to me that I was in an arranged marriage with you that he hoped would turn into a love match over time. You're kind. I'm not afraid. I can help you. I may not be what you want, I'm young and naïve, but I'm smart. I would be happy to be with you. In whatever way that is."
John bursts into another fit if giggles. His sides hurt. His eyes tear up. He goes to the bedroom to show it to Sherlock, but his dear prince is already fast asleep, breathing deeply.
Hamish gestured towards Mrs. Hudson, and she introduced herself. Hamish pulled on John's shirt sleeve, "Daddy, he's not mad at you. He's just busy being a good friend."
"Oh, my Sherlock," she fussed, sinking to her knees in front of her youngest son, "What a shock you've had." Victoria Holmes untucked the large part of her tartan and used it to wipe her son's face, pulling him close to cradle him.
Mrs. Hudson rolled her eyes and clucked at them, "You boys are absolutely scandalous, happy about running to a crime scene."
John wrapped his fingers around the back of Sherlock's neck, pulling him down for a sweet but quick kiss. Sherlock tasted of strawberries and champagne.
The smiles on Sherlock's and Hamish's faces were nearly blinding. He heard them continue to talk in whispers. John slowly stepped backwards and silently slid back into bed, grinning to himself.
Sherlock declined John's offer to attend a midnight church service. John however wouldn't be surprised if Sherlock had followed him and was waiting outside the entrance, or had driven his parent's spare car to keep an eye on him. Sherlock had been cuddly, possessive, quiet. He was beginning to apply makeup and circle into his "dying detective" routine for Mary.
Sherlock looked out the window for a moment, arranging his thoughts in the correct order. Truthful, but not harsh. This was his methodology developed after years of practice, "I have known
Sherlock drops his gaze to his feet but quickly looks back up to a choking John. Coughing the inhaled smoke from his lungs, John throws the cigarette into a nearby puddle, extinguishing it immediately.
“I’ll stay away for a few days- get my strength up, so to speak.” Sherlock replies, carefully not looking at John.
After a short silence, John chuckled as he said "Did you see Greg's face, though? He was mortified." Sherlock cracked a smile. He felt a lot better and knew that John's awareness of his appreciation was worth more than his ego. "Well," he thought, "here goes nothing".
“Take her for a moment.” John says, handing over his drowsy daughter. Sherlock looks a bit startled but holds her gently against his chest. John kisses the back of her head, gives Sherlock a smile (as if that would throw him off the scent), and turns back down the stairs.
Sherlock fanes confusion and dares to look John in the eye, but he knows exactly what John is referring too.
John feels his stomach flip and he quickly glances around the room. When he hears Sherlock’s voice in the kitchen, he breathes for the first time that morning. The baby monitor picks up on Rosie’s tell-tale ‘I’m going to scream if my dad doesn’t get in here’ noises, so he runs a hand through his hair and gets up.
After staring at the door John had just exited through, he slowly turned to face Greg... or rather, what he had to deal with on his own. He was startled to find that Greg had moved from his seat/coffee table to Sherlock's violin, plucking at it harshly.
John smiled and got up, ruffling Sherlock's curls as he went by on his way to the kitchen, narrowly avoiding Sherlock as he tried to swat John away.
Sherlock turns his head sharply towards John, the hair that was blowing softly around his face now shifting more forcefully, as if manipulated by hurricane. John wasn’t scared.
“Oh.” She says, awkwardly moving her hand away. John smiles, but she doesn’t buy it. All she sees are his reddened eyes he had obviously tried to hide and the exhausted slop of Sherlock’s shoulders, who still hasn’t turned around to acknowledge her. The tension is broken when a sleepy Rosie reaches towards her father.
"I think you should be made aware of how appreciative I am that you let me into her life." Sherlock said, looking a little out of place as he stood awkwardly before him.
Entering more hesitantly this time, Mycroft looked around with a sweeping glance, no-doubt accurately predicting what had happened the night before in every ounce of detail. When his eyes landed upon Greg, his stiff expression softened minutely and a foreign feeling of guilt bloomed within him. Yes, it was sentiment, but he would happily be on the loosing side for Greg.
"Headache... immoderate thirst... sensitivity to light and noise, so keep your voice down, will you?" Sherlock grumbled, already regretting his previous choices. He just wanted to cuddle John, an appropriate response to the turmoil in his head, he didn't want to be doctored.
At Sherlock’s “Greg, please!”, Greg finally looks down at the man sat at his feet. In the headlight of a police car, he could see blood matted in the hair behind his ear, dribbling slowly down his face, neck and blooming into the shirt underneath his Belstaff. Sherlock’s eyes shine with genuine pleading.
It’s only when he feels John pull him into a hug, that he realises he’s been begging out loud. Sherlock clings to him as if John will disappear were his grip to faulter, as if he’ll wake up any moment. He runs his hand over the back of John’s head, closing his eyes at the softness of his hair. John hugs him tighter, mumbling things to Sherlock that he can’t understand but is soothed by all the same. John’s slowly rubbing his back, the way he does to comfort Rosie, and Sherlock can barely breathe through everything he feels.
“Alright, well maybe that wasn’t the most sensible idea.” Sherlock reluctantly admits. When John recovers enough from his exasperation, he looks up to find him gone.
“Is it possible to arrange for an exorcism? Asking for a friend.” John says quietly into his glass at hearing the conversation of the room resume.
Head hitting the pillow, his fingertips pinched the edge of slumber, only for it to be snatched away by John's stern words : "You have a concussion, you can sleep when I tell you". He didn't even have the energy to scowl at John's comment.
This was quite a familiar scenario. Sherlock was constantly trying to be anywhere John– and by extension, Rosie- wasn’t. A father’s instinct told him Rosie was missing the stupid git, a feeling shared between the Watsons, and John wasn’t having it anymore.
Walking into Sherlock's room with a bowl of porridge, he saw Sherlock texting on his phone. His bruise had started to clear away and the dark circles under his eyes began to retreat.
Deciding he should let Sherlock have his moment with her, he continued to make the tea, tip-toeing around the kitchen as he did so. The only other time Sherlock had ever held Rosie was when she was ill, irritable and missing John (who was out at the time) and so he took it upon himself to comfort the child as best he could. Sherlock wasn't aware that John knew this little fact. He never would have either if it wasn't for Mrs Hudson who had happened to walk in on them together. "You should have seen it, John." She had said. "He was so gentle with her."
John stares at it, before making his decision and reaching for the hand offered. His hand goes straight through it.
“Sherlock!” John shouts again, worsening the distress of his daughter. He covers his eyes with a shaking hand and hears footsteps running up the stairs. Was he safe? Where was he? Was Rosie safe? Why is she crying? At the feeling of a hand on his shoulder, he grabs at its wrist, ready to snap it, until he meets familiar eyes. John lets go, feels himself burn up and knows he needs to get out.
John lunges forward to crouch in front of him, grabbing at his forearms, and bumps his forehead against Sherlock’s. “I’m not mocking you.” John says, as if he could ever comprehend just how desperately Sherlock clings to the words. “Christ, I would never do that to you.”
“Okay.” He says. They share a look that lets John know that he understands. Sherlock’s not afraid to love them anymore.
He walks to Mrs Hudson’s door, stepping only on the creaky floorboards Sherlock was sure to hear from above. He didn’t really need to visit her, but to finally get those two alone, any excuse would do.
When she wails, Sherlock snatches his hand away, looking at John in concern. As if he’d done something wrong.
Sherlock looked up at John and nodded, holding her out to him once more. John took her carefully as to not knock her from her sleepy state. She adjusted quickly, her hand grabbing at one of John's buttons as she pressed her nose into his chest. After Sherlock watched them for a moment, a small smile hanging from his lips, he got up and started his journey towards his bed. Just outside his bedroom door, he stopped and turned towards John.
Sherlock stops tugging at his hair when he feels John gently pull his hands away. He feels so wrong footed that he’s sure he’s got it wrong. Surely, he’s convinced himself that this is actually real. God, please say this is real. Please. Please.
Sherlock's brain wasn't like most other's: it was sensitive to little things. Perhaps that's why John was so angry. Half a bottle of Smirnoff later, he could barely  process the question.
Sherlock blinks at the sudden change of direction. This stings slightly and his precisely constructed exterior almost gives way.
John smiles and finally looks away. “Right.” Sherlock watches him think this over, translate it from innuendo, and he sees John start to frown.
“Oh, John.” Mrs Hudson turns to him hurriedly. “Sherlock’s just gone out doing that sad look he does. See if he’s alright, I’ll look after little Rosie.”
"Quiet." He hissed at John before turning back to Rosie, putting a smile back on his face. "Come on, Rosie. Sherlock. Sherlock?" He repeated, sounding more and more ridiculous in his futile attempts to engage the infant. She was much smarter than Sherlock knew; she knew exactly what she was doing and remained silent as to amuse herself with his desperate pleas for her cooperation. This, he was pleased to say, was something Rosie had acquired from John.
want to." he grumbled before seating himself on the coffee table, knocking over a mug. He obviously thought it was a chair. "I'll get him some water." Sherlock said out of the blue, dashing away. John eyed the back of his head suspiciously.
“Christ, she’ll be running circles round us soon.” John smiles, watching as Rosie loses interest in her recent achievement and instead listens intently to the noises coming from the TV. Sherlock takes a minute to savour John’s words –
“He’s out.” John clarifies, a bit caught out by the arrival of Mycroft Holmes. John returns his attention to the baby food that has found its way into Rosie’s curls. Her mother’s hair.
“Perfect.” Sherlock says, allowing a smile to broaden on his face. John tries to stop himself smiling at the sight. “If any questions were to arise, “you were an old friend of mine”.”
“It’s John or the hospital.” Lestrade reasoned, still not quite understanding his repulsion at either suggestion.
It was about six o'clock when John woke up. At first, he thought it was because of one of his nightmares, an occurrence that had reduced over time living with Sherlock. His chest felt heavy and ached at the pressure, so it was the only logical assumption. That was, until, he felt the tickle of hair on his neck, some arms and legs wrapped around him like a limpet to a rock. Moving his head downwards, he saw Sherlock with his forehead creased into a scowl as he tried to burrow even further into John's neck.
“George.” Sherlock warns. This makes Greg smirk, both men knowing that doesn’t work anymore. He scrolls through his contacts.
John sighed. He understood how rubbish this must be for Sherlock and took pity on him. "How about this?" John replied. "You can go out, but I have to come with you and make sure you're fed." Sherlock sighed but nodded.
Greg then turned to see Sherlock glaring. "Now that that's taken care of," Sherlock began, "me and John would like to get back to our previous domesticity, so if you wouldn't mind-"
“Mycroft needs to learn to keep his nose out of my business. Even as children: ‘Sherlock, you and I both know Mummy doesn’t approve of roadkill in the kitchen-‘“
When Sherlock rolls over to face him, John shifts onto his back to allow Sherlock to rest his head on his chest. Both men don’t say anything for a while, just simply enjoying the clockwork of their movements. Sherlock runs his hand over John’s chest and tries not to memorise the feel, tries to get it through his brain that he will have many moments like this.
“I know. I saw your blog.” Sherlock clarifies, pointing at the open laptop screen. It wasn’t much of a blog: more of a record of what, when and where he eats- if at all.
This was but an impression of a man. It wore a suit, one sleeve rolled up and held there by a tourniquet, and was clearly very pleased with itself.
John's mouth fell open and his lips curled in a poorly hidden grin. He had to resist saying anything along the lines of "aw" if he wanted to keep from being shot at. "Mycroft? Wow. That's..."
"And you're not... angry?" Sherlock frowned, a little confused. John was so frustrated; he couldn't get it into Sherlock's head that he was wanted in this family- by every member apparently. He couldn't remember a time when Sherlock hadn't been in his life.
John… John is- John is- He must be making fun of him! That has to be it. That has to be. John can’t mean what he’s just said. How could he say that to a man who killed his wife? Left his daughter motherless because he couldn’t shut up. He never keeps his mouth
“If I were a mere hallucination,” It began, arms folded neatly behind its back and speaking rapidly. “how could you possibly know from where you're standing that in a short while, a child’s football will hit the window?” Its sentence was punctuated by a dull thud against the window and shocked gasps.
“I found myself uninterested in certain activities where a significant other would expect great enthusiasm.”
"Th'winner takes itaaaaaall!" At this, John stopped to listen closer. He could have sworn he heard two voices. "Beside the victory! Tha's 'er destiny!".
Sherlock hums. Hearing nothing in the noise, John turns to look for something in Sherlock’s face. Quite a beautiful one at that. John can’t quite stem the thoughts quick enough, the last one he acknowledges being his disbelief of Sherlock’s eyes. He finds himself feeling quite upset at the prospect that only he could be witness to this man.
“About?” He manages, sitting up and swinging his legs round to rest his feet on the floor. He’s been waiting for this. He should try to stretch this gut-wrenching conversation out: give Molly enough time to arrive back at the flat with Rosie. Will John give him a chance to say goodbye to Rosie?
"If you don't look after yourself, who's going to stop the murderers? You need to put yourself first for once." At this, Sherlock scoffed. "I'm not doing this "for the people", John. I'm doing it for the thrill of the chase, the adrenaline: it gives me a high stronger than any drug I've ever taken. I'm not a hero, I'm a very tired man who needs to sleep now, so piss off".
Eventually, Scotland Yard finds his body. He and Sherlock are sat watching the news together about it, and Sherlock is the quietest he’s been since he first popped up.
“It’s as if he’s deliberately avoiding me.” Mycroft smiles falsely. “But it’s not him I’m here to speak with.”
“Thanks, Molly.” He says, instinctively taking Rosie’s hand. Molly just shakes her head, and holds Rosie out to him, knowing she won’t be invited in. John doesn’t feel his gratitude comes across at all, but as he holds his daughter, he finds himself too bone weary to convince her otherwise. He needs to do better.
John Watson. Former British Army doctor. And if on occasion his RAMC mug moved on its own, John certainly didn’t think about it.
“How come… you can touch things but we couldn’t shake hands?” John asks, giving in to his curiosity. Every time he speaks to Sherlock, he tries to ignore the fact that, to an outside ear, he appears to be talking to himself.
John crouches down to Sherlock's eye level and leans forwards until his lips meet Sherlock’s forehead. He stays there, feeling the soft skin and enjoying the warmth of Sherlock’s breath against his throat, before standing up and walking to their room.
While he waited for Sherlock, John sat in his chair and began working on his blog. Focusing was difficult when his thoughts kept wandering to Sherlock and his idiosyncrasies. He thanked his lucky stars that Mrs Hudson had been there to look after Sherlock, dreading to think how he would have survived on his own. John then began to think about how he would have survived without Sherlock. Despite it being something they never talked about, they both knew he wouldn't have.
"CanIhavesomemoreplease?" Sherlock murmured quickly. John was all too aware of what Sherlock had just asked and decided to string out his victory.
John had his head tipped back against the wall and was pulling at curls until they sprang away again. He thinks what he feels is love.
"Sorry to disturb you, boys, but you have a visitor." Mrs Hudson announced, rather unsure of herself.
Sherlock already knew where this was going so he decided to stay silent before John's little outburst.
“No one for you to torment?” John smiles, running his hand along Sherlock’s cold arm. Sherlock hums in agreement. John presses his face to the back of Sherlock’s neck. “You can torment me, then. You haven’t done that in a while.”
Sherlock slowly sits down with her on the sofa, watching her head rise and fall with each of his breaths. He tries to shallow his breathing so she wouldn’t be jostled too much and runs his hand up and down her back.
"A slight chemical miscalculation." Sherlock mumbles when the sporadic movement of his hair dies down. He looks down at the crook of his own arm.
John hears the footsteps come up the stairs much sooner than Sherlock, which speaks for itself. John gently pushes him away and swiftly wipes at Sherlock’s tears. He’d been crying?
"You'll want to take this one." She replied grimly before disappearing again without further explanation.
When John became certain that Sherlock cared more for his "transport" than before, he discretely took down the clock: a silent gesture of the new-found trust between them. Sherlock always found the time to sit down and eat with John. Yes, he would occasionally skip a meal- he didn't want to be seen as too obedient- but it was a far greater improvement than not eating for several days in a row.
"Yeah, sorry about that. I'm just calling to say" John turns to look at Sherlock, directing this to him more than anyone "that Sherlock is off the case."
Neither man moves for a while, but John finally lets himself drift off when he feels a slender hand over his own.
Sherlock swiftly hides his face with a hand and John wishes he could rip out every thought in Sherlock’s head that tells him to hide from John. He wishes he could hurt every person that made Sherlock feel the need to protect himself this way. John brings the hand he’s warming to his mouth and kisses it with a tenderness he’s kept hidden for too long.
Sherlock understands that it’s the alcohol that made John say those things, last night. He doesn’t want to lead Sherlock on, so he’s getting rid of it all- never to make the same mistake again. It’s a mercy for Sherlock’s overly vulnerable, unrequited feelings. John is rightly keeping him at arm’s l-
“I’d never just up and leave. Take Rosie away from you.” John slides a hand up Sherlock’s spine to the nape of his neck, his thumb stroking at the small hairs there. “Do you understand?” John urges.
." Greg looked shocked and probably couldn't fully comprehend what John was even saying. He was utterly sloshed.
Sherlock had been left there with the phantom sensation of John’s lips on his forehead, swallowing away at the lump in his throat. He only vaguely remembers bringing paracetamol and water to John’s room when he'd finally got a grip.
“Go to sleep. You’ve been awake for god knows how long.” John says, rubbing his back slightly to lessen Sherlock’s grumpiness at being told what to do.
Sherlock had been holding Rosie with his back to John. He swore he saw Sherlock rest his nose against the top of her head, his eyes closed. What the hell had happened to him on that case?
"No, it's fine. I think I've overstayed my welcome. I owe you one, John." He said, patting John's shoulder. "Oh and Sherlock, I've got a new case for you. I'll send it in tomorrow. I haven't got the slightest clue about any of it." Greg frowned. After deciding he was too hungover to deal with Sherlock's reply of "Not surprising", he staggered down the stairs to one of Mycroft's awaiting cars.  Mycroft, however, stayed exactly where he was, looking punch-ably smug.
"Wait." Sherlock said, not sure where to look. John turned back around to face him. "I am feeling much better than I was...Suppose I have you to thank for that" Sherlock said, somehow managing to avoid actually saying "Thank you".
“He’ll be asleep by now.” Sherlock mutters to himself, eyes drooping. “Don’t go to sleep.” Greg warns. Sherlock opens his eyes to glare at him, but complies. His glare doesn’t falter when he sees John standing outside of Baker street with that damn worried Watson look. He’s seen that look at the announcement of his boredom, at his quietness and when he’s succumbed to his transport’s injuries. Tiresome.
He could hear the determination in Sherlock's voice as he tried to coax her into saying his name. "Look at me, Rosie.
Greg frowns again, getting a bit impatient with the strange antics of the man. Sherlock seems to remember himself and quickly passes on his deductions to John, who then shares them with Greg.
John looks at him, slightly startled, but a saddened part of him had expected this. John stands up and steps closer to Mycroft, tilting his head down to show his attention.
They lie there, somewhere past midnight, Sherlock’s back to John’s chest. John’s got a curl wrapped around his finger and the deep timber of Sherlock’s voice in his ears.
John would go on sitting there, spouting out praise and gratitude and love, but he recognises a wall in Sherlock that would make his efforts futile. A wall built to keep those things away, and John has yet to work out why.
John frowned. "No, I am. I am aware and I don't regret it." John decided not to say anything more: this was just something Sherlock had to figure out for himself. He would pin the man down and shout it until he was blue if that would do any good. But it wouldn't.
“What time is it?” Sherlock croaks, startling John from the silence. John couldn’t care if he tried but checks his phone anyway.
John sighed; this was going to be a rough day for both of them. He stared at Sherlock's expanding frown. "Symptoms?" John asked, waiting for the interminable list.
Alright, maybe it was real. John hated it, whatever it was. Perhaps he wasn’t mad and there really was a, dare he say it, ghost in his room. John felt the ache of loneliness ease in his chest, thus confirming he was definitely insane.
“Forgot something.” Sherlock reminds him, and John can’t bring himself to be angry as he picks up the forgotten walking cane.
"Oh for crying out loud." John sighed: this was going to be fun. Rosie was a lot like Sherlock in lots of ways, something would have to be
“Yeah, hi.” John takes a deep breath to stop himself from being overwhelmed in his humiliation. “Sherlock’s not here.”
When Sherlock decides he’s not being teased, he takes a sip of his own drink. “I’m not what people look for.”
“Right.” John replies, trying desperately not to show anything in his face. It doesn’t matter: when Sherlock does look, he sees it all, anyway.
Despite the numerous insults, John wasn’t so much of an idiot that he couldn’t see what was happening. He had just reached the top of the stairs, a tired Rosie on his hip, when he spots Sherlock shrug on his coat.
Rosie squeals with laughter and attempts to clap her hands. She could sense her father's playfulness and enjoyed Sherlock's retorts just as much as John did.  She may not have understood them, but she loved to watch her boys tease one another.
“Yes.” Sherlock cuts in, preserving the scraps of John’s dignity. “I don’t sleep in there much anyway.”
Later that night, John had heard Sherlock's snores echo around his bedroom. He would even go as far as to say that Mrs Hudson heard them too. Despite being kept up all night, he was ecstatic that Sherlock was finally getting some rest. He would take all the sleep deprivation in the world for that man. When the time reached eight o'clock, John got out of bed and waddled down the stairs to the kitchen. Sherlock's body wouldn't be ready to consume such a large meal after its starvation, so John stuck to making beans on toast.
Sherlock looks up to meet John’s tired eyes. John seems to lose his nerve and looks away again. Definitely embarrassed.
"Hi. Jus' droppin' myself in. You good?" Greg slurred, obviously trying to seem sober. John sighed before standing up. "Here, Greg. Sit down." Greg's facade was broken by a frown. "I'm sick o' people tellin' me what to do."
“It’s okay.” She says, offering a placating smile. She looks at Sherlock, who seems to be staring off into space, then back to John again. “Just… please look after him. Please.”
"I'm just going to phone Lestrade" John said absentmindedly. Sherlock, however, after many attempts at bolting upright at the news, flopped back down again and scowled. "Why? I'll be fine in the morning." Sherlock asked, the exasperation in his voice clearly using up the little energy he was clinging to for consciousness. John didn't respond but rather held the phone up to his ear. After two rings, Greg picked up the phone.
“Christ.” He hears whispered from the kitchen, and he looks over from the sofa to see John leaning his weight against the table, his bad leg bending uselessly and an empty glass in his hand. He didn’t move to help him, or fetch the walking stick that has recently made a reappearance in the flat, as that wouldn’t ease John’s feeling of uselessness.
"No, I think he's learnt his lesson." John frowned, briefly pulling his phone from his ear to prod Sherlock awake again.
John could sense Sherlock's dishonesty from a mile away, but decided to leave it be for the time being. Sherlock was grateful for it too; he just wanted some quiet time with his blogger.
“You’ve not been happy. Have you.” John murmurs, feeling his hand warm Sherlock’s fingers. His chest aches with how much he wants to hear Sherlock laugh, see a smile in his eyes. Lately, all he’s been seeing are the eyes staring upwards from the pavement and he can’t stand it any longer. He can’t. “We can’t go on the way we have been.”
“It’s been downhill since… Mary died.” John forces out, holding Sherlock’s gaze and making sure to keep his fists still. Sherlock runs his hands over his face. “You can’t even look at Rosie. Or me.” John smirks ruefully. “Have I not… lost enough?”
Only when they were alone would Mycroft return any affection, but Greg was sure he would soon get that out of him. "I love you." Greg mumbled into his shoulder. Mycroft's lip curled up a fraction before being quickly shunted back down by his austerity. "Yes." was all he replied, but to Greg's ear it was tinged with warmth.
When John watches it move a third time, something still very much alive within him springs him up from his bed, knocking over his walking cane. His eyes are wide and fixed to the mug, needing just one more confirmation that he’d finally lost it.
"Bloody eating, you twonk! I don't understand how someone as smart as you can't see that feeding your brain works better than starving it. Now I'm going to sit here and wait for you to eat. However long it takes, Sherlock, because you know that if I have anything at all, it's patience." John finished by plonking himself in a chair in the corner of Sherlock's room.
And now will come the inevitable rejection. Things have grown too awkward between them. They've come to a natural end. Hearing John’s rejection will scrape away at any scrap of light left in him, but he also won't want to forget what could possibly be their last conversation.
That quiet time, however, was cut short by John. "Since when did you know the lyrics to an ABBA song, Mr '
Now, Rosie’s face is red from screaming and she won’t stop. “Shh, please, Rosie.” John tries, bouncing the little girl up and down softly and rubbing her back. This worsens her screams and John tries not to need Sherlock to come back. He can do this on his own. He can cope today. He instead tries putting her down in her rocker and giving her space. It’s not working. It’s not working.
interesting for them to stop what they were initially doing and pay attention to something else. If Sherlock wanted to work cases instead of sleeping, he would. If Rosie wanted to play with his hair, good luck trying to stop her. They were stubborn and at stand-offs like this, John would just have to stand back. It was safer that way.
“There, there, Watson. It’s alright now.” He whispers, letting her hands pull at his dressing gown and hair.
Sherlock's head swooped up to connect his widened eyes with John's. Despite the lack of speech, they were conversing: John's eyes were proud and happy whereas Sherlock's were full of shock and fear. Neither of them expected the word to fall so clearly from her mouth, yet alone have it directed at Sherlock. Rosie's whimper brought them back as she tried to grab at Sherlock's sleeve. At this, John tipped his head towards her, gesturing for him to "go on, then."
John leaps away and to his gun, snatching it up from its place on the desk, and spins back around to find a man lying languorously on his bed. He would have thought it an intruder had its hair not blown about its ears in the stillness of the room and its skin look as pale as that of a corpse.
"How are you feeling today, Sherlock?" He smiled, knowing the answer to a scary degree of accuracy. "I'd be feeling a lot better if you followed your boyfriend out of my house." he mumbled back, somewhere between not being bothered enough to move but just enough to get the one-up on his brother. Mycroft's smile fell before glancing at John- the Mycroft alternative to an actual "Thank you."-  and waltzing out after Greg, umbrella clicking as he went.
John didn't answer. Instead, not wanting to pull Sherlock off and so waiting for him to finish his hug, he marched right up to Greg and snatched the bottle out of his hand. John knew that Greg wasn't really thinking clearly, but he was so angry he couldn't care less. "Are you half-baked? You know Sherlock is sensitive to addictive substances like this!" John shouted. He remembered Sherlock telling him about his brain getting easily addicted to things. That was shown through his smoking and... other things. "If this gets out of hand, I'll be blaming
"Sherlock, you need to keep you eyes open, don't go to sleep. Looks like you've hit your head." John muttered whilst examining the tender, purple bruise above his right eyebrow. Shining the torch in both eyes, he was relieved to see his pupils reduce in size, blocking out the intruding light.
“You’re not… abnormal.” John mumbles, trying to smile slightly but it gives way to a sad expression. “You’re not abnormal.” He repeats again, looking fearlessly into Sherlock’s eyes. “I reckon you’re quite easy to love.” John says, standing up and shuffling back to the kitchen for a re-fill.
He grabs Sherlock under his elbow and helps him to his unsteady feet. Sherlock opens his mouth to speak.
"Jesus." John breathed out, sinking down next to Sherlock on the couch. Glad to have John back by his side, he rested his pounding head against John's shoulder.
Sherlock shot up. "Are you going to cheat on me?!" He cried, not looking directly at John as his eyes followed the spinning walls of the room. "No, love. Just go to sleep." he soothed, gently pushing him back down and kissing him on the forehead. Sherlock began to snore almost instantaneously.
Running two steps at a time, he burst in to see Greg holding -what used to be- John's -now very much empty- bottle of Smirnoff in the air with Sherlock behind him, both screaming the lyrics. John was only gone for forty-five minutes and already his problems had doubled. Literally. When Sherlock turned to look at the source of the angry heavy breathing, his face lit up and he ran to John, squeezing John's middle with all his might. "I missed you so much, John! Where were you?"
Mycroft was so lost in his speech, desperation to gain forgiveness from Greg meant his brain had missed the smile on Greg's face as he spoke. He also didn't anticipate him rising from his seat and wobbling over to him, still a bit light-headed. Greg knew that Mycroft was trying, and that's all he needed.
“This is getting boring now.” It barely opens its eyes, unimpressed by John’s display. “Say something. Scream.”
John is reassured that he didn’t make him up, the newspaper photos aligning to what he currently sees over his shoulder, but is weary to the fact that there is nothing about the man’s death.
John just blames it on his sanity peeling away, expected of a soldier who’s spent too much time in war. Maybe if he allows his eyes to linger on it, he’ll catch it in the act and speed along his journey to madness.
Sherlock smirks, allowing Rosie to hold some of his fingers. “She’ll be retaining words soon. What do you think her first word will be?”
try and get him under the covers, but that was too much detective for him to move at this time of night. Instead, he closed his eyes and enjoyed the quiet.
"How are you feeling today, Sherlock?" John asked innocently. Sherlock eyed John suspiciously, but quickly came to his conclusion that John's brain couldn't actually have the potential to be up to anything, so he gave an honest answer. "Better, actually. My brain is working faster than yesterday and my headache has gone away." John smiled and said "That's good. Though, I know a little trick that will help you feel like this all the time."
"Why don't you make her say 'John'? Why do you get to be the first word?" John teased, enjoying this little show between the two. He secretly loved the idea of 'Sherlock' being her first word. It was something that he could share with Rosie; it would make him feel more important to her (even though, in John's opinion, he was already placed quite high on Rosie's pedestal.)
up the stairs." John explained whilst Sherlock flopped face-first onto the bed. "Mmm smells like you." Sherlock grinned, his words muffled into the pillow. John was glad that Sherlock couldn't see his blush, that was the first time he had ever heard Sherlock say something like that. He cleared his throat. "I'm just gonna go help Lestrade to bed."
. Probably, John theorises, to save her from heartbreak for when John leaves him and takes her away. But Sherlock understands, now, that they are staying. That it’s okay to love them.
Whilst John goes through his kit to find a torch, Sherlock unbuttons his shirt rather self-consciously. This isn’t the first time John has seen him shirtless. John doesn’t think about it.
Sherlock hums his agreement, stretching his torso and wincing. John notices, of course, permanently tuned in to the detective’s wellbeing.
“I can’t just waltz in there.” John frowns. “What if you bugger off in the middle of the investigation, or whatever?”
John runs his hand over the back of Sherlock’s head, mesmerised by how close he is to the elegance of Sherlock’s brain; how close he is to a mind unmatched for generations and John can rest it against his chest. He’s allowed to love this man. He also thinks about just how tender and vulnerable- how mortal Sherlock is. He pushes the thought away before he tenses up.
“It’s alright.” Sherlock quickly assures, looking slightly nervous as they draw their hands away from each other.
John’s at the pub, again trying to convince himself of what had transpired yesterday. He simply couldn't have invented Sherlock in his own mind: he had never met someone like this before, yet alone see reflections of Sherlock in his own head. It’s hardly his fault he causes a scene when Sherlock suddenly pops up on the stool next to him.
John stood with his arms folded, an eyebrow raised. "Really?" he asked, a bit insulted that Sherlock thought he was that stupid. Sherlock stood up straighter and raised his chin, some dignity would be appreciated. "Before you have a go at me," Sherlock began "I think you should hear me out." When John made no move to cut him off, Sherlock continued. "I have been cooped up in this flat all day, you know how I get when I'm deprived for a prolonged amount of time. Just let me go to the crime scene for a while and I'll come straight back." There was a pause before he added a small "Please."
“For God’s sake.” Sherlock grunts, flinging open the car door and pretending it didn’t take the effort it did. He walks past John without acknowledgment and storms up the stairs. Knowing he was out of view of his worried blogger, he slows down and wobbles to the kitchen stools- his usual pitstop for when he needs John to patch him up. They don’t really do this much anymore and he is glad for it- John had a child to prioritise now and Sherlock hated himself for getting in the way of that.
“I think she’s coming down with something, actually.” John replies, concentrating and feeling for any cracks. He leans back when he feels none, only now noticing how far back he has to lean to be an appropriate distance away. Walking to the sink, he wets a cloth and makes sure to fill a bowl with warm water. He sets it next to Sherlock on the table.
Their fingertips touch and Sherlock feels warmer than his lips had when they first met. John tries not to blush at that. He slides his hand closer until their fingers interlock, and only when Sherlock squeezes his hand does John realise what he’s doing.
"Can I have some more, please?" Sherlock repeated monotonously, glaring at John and his incessant teasing. "Of course, you idiot" John smirked. Sherlock gave a little smile back.
"You came in hammered, interrupted my night in with Sherlock then got him drunk." John stated simply, withdrawing the anger from his words. Greg's face sagged. "Guess an apology won't really make up for that." he muttered to himself. "Look, as soon as I can walk out of here without feeling like I'm gonna pass out, I will." Greg said sincerely, feeling like a right jackass. John sighed, for what seemed like the fifth time this morning, before reassuring Greg. "You were upset. I understand. Stay as long as you need. I'm just gonna go and see how Sherlock is doing." Noting the guilty look on Greg's face, he walked up the stairs to the bedroom.
Sherlock was just where he had left him, in an angry swirl of bed sheets. "You took too long. Hugs are required." Sherlock pouted, his head twisting towards where John stood. "You can't stay in bed all day. Come downstairs with me- Greg's waiting." John smiled, his hand outstretched. With a huff, Sherlock unwrapped himself from the covers and grabbed John's hand, just one of the things he appreciated when in a relationship with him. Before they had admitted their feelings for each other, Sherlock could only stand a certain distance away from him - that was to be expected in a "just friends" relationship. Now that barrier was broken, Sherlock couldn't get close enough. He hoped he would always feel like this from the simple act of holding John's hand.
When he closes the door, he catches Sherlock staring at Rosie. Sherlock quickly looks away, as if John would disapprove of the pure adoration he saw in Sherlock’s eyes. It was as if he had never expected to see her again.
"John, I'm concerned about Rosie." He muttered with a frown, sitting cross-legged in front of her. John hadn't expected this sudden statement. No one -apart from the occasional babble from Rosie- had said a word all morning. This was a regular occurrence: John would carry Rosie downstairs and place her on the floor next to Sherlock, who was always up before them, and would then proceed to make them all breakfast. What Sherlock had said was quite worrying.
He turns back to him, eyes disciplined to look only above Sherlock’s chin, and shines the light into his eyes. John apologises when Sherlock flinches at the intrusion and is pleased to see his pupils react perfectly. He then rubs his hands together and delicately runs them around Sherlock’s chest, checking rib after rib. Sherlock’s skin is soft and warm but breaks out in goose bumps at John’s touch. John doesn’t think about it.
He obviously will, but it’s more fun to stretch it out and make Sherlock wait. He makes a show of sighing and scratching his head until he hears an impatient throat clear. “I suppose-“
. Bollocks. I've only been 'avin' a pint at least once a week. So I said-I said "I'll show you drinking
"How about that then?" John smiled whilst placing the tea next to Sherlock and his half-awake daughter. "You are now officially part of the Watson family." Before Sherlock could protest, he was cut off by Rosie's yawn. He had no idea what to do about it and so, slightly panicking, carefully raised her to John. John had other ideas and so refused to take her from him. Instead, he carried his own tea over to his armchair and watched as Sherlock readjusted Rosie in his arms.
"As I was saying," He continued after he had eaten it, ignoring the look of shock on Greg's face "it would be wise to scrape the polish off the victim's shoes, I need to identify the brand and locate the shop that sells it with a fifteen mile radius of their house." Lestrade just nodded, distracted as he watched John clear his throat, telling Sherlock to open his mouth, only to feed him yet again. Still chewing, Sherlock turned to Lestrade and muttered "Call me when the samples are ready to be collected". With that, Sherlock turned with a dramatic waft of his coat and John trailing quickly behind, holding a container of chicken and rice.
Sherlock laughed just at the right moment as his Uncle Leonard made a joke about boats or something, he wasn’t really listening. As the laugh died, he slipped out of the social circle and towards the kitchen, Molly was always near something cold, it was her safe space. The morgue, a kitchen, a safe bubble she could always hide in.
Just at that moment Sherlock, straightened and turned around. His eyes were wide and scattered, looking anywhere but his two friends.
“Tisk tisk, what’s the boy done now?” He placed the bottle back in its location and served John the drink before turning to the till and placing him on tab number 221.
“I know. I promise it’s not for long sweetheart.” She took a quick glance to either side of her son. The taxi had long since driven off ‘Where’s John? I thought he was coming this evening?”
“Sherlock, are you ok?” Molly went to place a hand on his arm in comfort but he chased himself out the door. Molly and Greg followed quickly. By the time the two of them had gotten themselves out into the fresh, cold, London air, they found Sherlock with his back to them. His head was lowered in almost a bow.
“Me? Embarrass me? You mean you. You mean your family?” John’s brain raced with thoughts, finally landing on “You’re embarrassed by me.” The realisation on John’s face seeped through, he sighed and took another step back. “I need to get out of here.” He brushed past Sherlock, grabbed his brown scarf and black coat, furiously placing them around his body.
“SHERLOCK THAT’S ENOUGH!” John’s hand ran over his mouth and down his chin in frustration. Not today. Not this argument today. “He was my nephew Sherlock. He was going to be mine. Don’t you dare talk about that today.” Sherlock had put the paper down on the table next to him. He stood up to face John.
“Right then. Shall I make us some tea?” He flashed a stretched, tight smile across his restless face, clipped his heels together to straighten himself up, before proceeding to march into the kitchen. All of Sherlock’s old chemistry books and science equipment was left, scattered across the entirety of what was supposed to be the dining table. As much as John wanted to leave Sherlock’s experiments as they were, he did have the brain power to dispose of rotting flesh and sticky eyeballs form a number of creatures.
******************************************************************************************************************************************************
“Evening father, Happy New Year.” Sherlock had been cut off in the hallway, the kitchen was only a few steps away, he just had to get Rupert out the way, locate Molly and explain that he had ruined his whole relationship with John. No biggie.
“Excuse me,” his had reached out for boy’s shoulder, “are you alright?” The boy jumped, as if John had pulled him from some distance universe. His eyes were red and scatty, darting all over John’s face. It wasn’t until after John had placed his hand he saw the ear piece. Fuck.
BREAKING NEWS: TWO MASS STABBINGS IN HOMOSEXUAL NIGHTCLUBS ACROSS LONDON. REPORTED EXPLOSION AT CLUB MM. OTHER NIGHTCLUBS AFFECTED REINBOW AND PEACH HAVAN.
“John,” he gently guided John’s chin towards him again with his spare hand, and forced their eyes to meet once more. Sherlock began to lean towards John while simultaneously edging John forward. Sherlock was millimetres away from John’s lips as he looked down directly at them, a weird feeling of arousal and emotions filled his stomach but he had to be brave, he had to do this for them, for John.
“Not this again. I’m not having this argument tonight.” John stood up and put his hands on his hips “Get ready Sherlock, we’re going to be late.”
It wasn’t long before he was lured into conversations with his aunts, uncles about his mindless, idiot cousins and all of their wonderfully dumb grandchildren. Some family friends held more of a conversation but nothing that excited Sherlock. He was starting to worry. He’d been at his parents for over an hour and nothing from John. Molly Hooper must be here somewhere, his mother and father both loved the doctor like she was one of their own.
Another bartender locked eye contact with Fraiser and called him over “Sorry Tigger, gotta dash. Be right back.” And with that John was left alone. The music and whisky warming him up. Fraiser was right. His Sherlock was alive. He really should leave and not sit alone in a bar on New Years Eve.
“Sherlock…” John’s voice was husked and almost whispered. He did not move nor did he continue his sentence. Sherlock stood, waiting. Waiting for something, some form of reaction from John but all he received were brown eyes scanning his body up and down, side to side.
After an hour of walking John began to grow tired of not being able to feel his hands and instead wanted to place them around a warm cup of tea and perhaps he’ll eat lunch today, thinking of their old cases had had a positive effect on John’s mood today which nowadays was a rare occurrence.
Before he could turn back and get into the taxi his mother opened the door. Trust her to be watching out the window for him. Camilla Holmes was a well lived woman. She was beautiful in her age and knew it. She wore a tailored black dress that reached just below her knees while bunched pearls elegantly fell over her chest. Dainty diamond earrings shone through her naturally highlighted grey hair which she wore curled, dancing on her shoulders.
“Out the way!” Lestarde knocked Sherlock’s shoulder, sending him off balance, just about catching himself on the wall in time. What on earth, Sherlock thought.
“Stop. Make it STOP.” John ran up the stairs as he continued to shout “I NEED TO LEAVE THIS FUCKING PLACE I CAN’T TAKE THIS” the music continued to play as John remembered all the times in which he had awoken in the middle of the night to Sherlock composing. All the times John had come back from the surgery after a long day and while he gently strolled up those infamous 221B stairs he knew his evening was going to be spent in front of a warm fire with a whisky and Sherlock’s beautiful melodies surrounding him. These thoughts spat envy at the angry John Watson who was now entering the main room “I CAN’T LIVE…” he trailed and stood rigid in the doorway.
“ …which of course means I had to spend a few nights in the cell but after the first one it was quite comforting really and I kind of miss it?” Molly’s had to paralyse her eyes as to ensure they didn’t roll right out of her skull and over the rug towards Greg Lestrade.
“Oh well John if you insist.” Mrs Hudson got up to leave and began to walk towards the door “It is a lovely day dear, do try and get some air if you can.” And with that she was off down the stairs, leaving John to stare into the warm brown liquid that sat opposite him.
“Good evening. Breaking news for you now, three nightclubs have been what the police say ‘attacked’. The chief inspector of Scotland Yard has comment that these are not classed as acts of terrorism as present, but they are indeed focusing on the safety of civilians. If you are worried about a loved one then please call on…”
“Don’t even think about it.” Sherlock’s voice carried through the hall and into the bedroom. “The blue is much more flattering on you.” John didn’t know whether to take it as a compliment or not but he felt the corners of his mouth twitch upwards into a smile. He took it as one.
“I guess Mycroft fed you everything I’ve done since you’ve been gone.” John accused with annoyance, as he sacrificed the support his head was receiving in exchange with picking up his tea. John’s favourite tea had changed frequently what with Sherlock being gone all there was to do was drink it.
“Three days.” Sherlock replied, dipping his head in shame. The kettle burst steam as it jerked and jolted.
“That was Mycroft. I had him track John’s last known location from his mobile. 34 minutes ago at 30 Old Compton Street.” He looked at Molly.
“Everything alright today dear?” Mrs Hudson asked as she took a seat on the sofa opposite the fireplace and a fair distance from John. She knew better than to even try and take a seat in His chair.
“I needed to fake my death John for so many reasons. Do you know how hard it’s been trying to think of ways to come back? I only did it this way because Molly said you’d be less likely to punch me and…” but before Sherlock could say anymore John had hitched onto his story. The kettle was making small eruption noises and began to jolt in its place.
It was freezing outside in the fresh January air. The forecast predicted snow that night and as John began to walk towards Queen Mary’s Rose Garden he began to wonder why he even began this venture out into the bitter morn. He eventually became accustom to the cold and liked the way the sharp wind made him feel numb. It was mindless walks like these that made John remember old cases. He could practically see him and Sherlock run past himself at utter speed as they ran from a Belgian tiger that had been let out of London Zoo, just across from Regents Park. He can remember their heartbeats now, thumping in sync as they slammed 221B’s door. He remembered the nauseous feeling from the transformation of stinging, midnight winter air to the heated house that remained their sanctuary away from the deadly creature.
“Let me get this straight,” John started as he pushed himself away from the cabinets and half a foot closer to Sherlock “Molly Hooper. Molly Fucking Hooper knew you were alive before me? BEFORE JOHN WATSON.” Tick. The water was ready.
John stood in fear. Fear that Sherlock would disappear and that he really was going insane. Fear that now he may have another chance with Sherlock it might not be real. Fear that Sherlock rejects his feelings but fuck that because Sherlock is standing in front of him. His warm, alive body filled with B Positive blood, two lugs, two kidneys, a liver and a fully functioning heart, as far as John could tell. John Watson is not scared of anything or anyone but he is terrified of showing weakness.
Once Sherlock died things didn’t change much in John’s life. He still made his tea, still ordered his Chinese food on a Friday, still went to work at the surgery, still worked on his blog and still sat in his armchair reading the newspaper. What John didn’t realise was whenever he made himself tea, he made Sherlock one too. Every time he ordered Chinese he would order Sherlock’s Chicken Satay and every week leave it untouched and eventually it was thrown out. When he worked at the surgery he would stare at the walls in a daze, disconnected from his patients. Every time he updated his blog he would write about old cases and private moments the duo shared at 221B, but they were never posted. And every morning, in his armchair, he would read Sherlock the headlines, every day without fail.
By now John had the kettle boiling. And as the water began to warm, heat began to run through John’s blood. He needed to know how Sherlock could do this to him. How could he just leave John struggling over his own life as he fought suicidal thoughts and the efforts he went through day after day, month after month to convince others he was fine, he had got so tired. And as he stood in the kitchen he once longed to see Sherlock in, he didn’t want anything more than to see him leave.
“Easy tiger, too much more of that and you’ll be getting your claws out. I doubt you can drink like you used to.” Despite this, Fraiser had already poured him a second by the end of his sentence.
Sherlock stepped out of the black TX4 and gracefully onto the pavement. He’d paid swiftly before exiting, despite all his best efforts he had made the trip from 221B to his parents a fair amount and knew just how much it cost. He took a deep breathe. This was going to be hard. Even more so now his John wasn’t there to help him through all the dull conversations and god forbid…mingling. Sherlock quivered at the thought.
“Mother you must stop wearing such bright red lipstick, it doesn’t half age you.” Sherlock’s comment went un noticed by Camilla as her matching bright heels carried her towards her second son.
“Yes.” He knew that if he was ever going to get John to listen to him he had to be patient and to be honest.
“Please.” John held his hands where they were. He tried to hold the gaze but Sherlock’s eyes burning into him was too much and he looked back towards the phone which was still buzzing. Sherlock couldn’t lose him. Fight Sherlock fight, is all he could repeat to himself as he gripped the older man’s thigh. Fight!
He finished his drink in one smooth motion, reached into his coat pocket to retrieve his wallet when someone caught his eye. He looked to his right and there, on the barstool next to him, sat a young brunette. He couldn’t have been any older than eighteen and sweat streamed down his face. The boy seemed anxious and completely disconnected from the world around him. John approached,
“No, but you are?” He meant for the comment to sound vicious and hurtful but he was tired of trying to be angry at Sherlock, he just needed him to see through his snide comments, he begged for Sherlock to be able read him.
He reached into his pocket to get his phone and call Sherlock, this seemed too serious for him to handle on his own. As he fumbled with his mobile, he heard the boy stammer “It’s t…t…too early. You s…said midnight.”
“I’m afraid so. They haven’t got numbers yet just locations. I’m on the way to speak to Chief Inspector Harrison, I think he’ll want me at the explosion site.”
She, in all her life, had never been so bored. Molly stood by the grand marble fireplace that held the biggest flatscreen she had ever seen in her entire life. BBC one was on, the court down to the New Years was only a couple of hours away, that’s all she had left. A couple of hours. God she wanted to be in the kitchen. Not talking to this… this… person.
“There you are!” Rupert Holmes exclaimed, “Your mother told me you were here but I was stuck talking to her sister about Victoria getting into Woodbridge.You ok son?” Sherlock’s father. One of the brightest and most humble men he knew. Masters in all sciences, a Nobel Price and a doctor in Mathematics. He also liked the smell of freshly cut lemons and thoroughly enjoyed baking shows.
Greg stood. He wasn’t on call but this was awful. He had to help. Molly knew the A and E would be overran, sure she didn’t work up there but she was one hundred percent sure they hadn’t all made it.
“John, please don’t go.” Sherlock pleaded as his boyfriend gave him one last look before shaking his head and fleeing down the stairs. A few seconds later the door slammed shut and the flat was filled with silence.
As he made his way out of the kitchen and towards the door he slipped his phone into his trouser pocket, leaned towards the coat stand to retrieve his signature cloak and -
She eyed Greg up. Eyes widening in help as the boy she was talking to put his hand on her arm. She looked back towards Roy? Robert? Ray?? God what WAS his name? Out of the corner of her eye she caught Lestarde laughing. What a child, she thought.
When he wasn’t busy telling Mrs Hudson he was “Fine, just tired” or Lestrade “How many times do I have to tell you, I can’t do what he did” he spent his lonely nights with Mary Morstan. Mary had a good heart and loved John but both participants knew it was never going to last forever. Whenever Mary had nightmares about her past, she would phone John and ask to go round and every time John felt lonely and empty, he would give her permission. John never declined her offers. John liked the company. He liked forgetting Sherlock’s voice in replace of Mary’s. He liked forgetting the feel of a pulseless wrist and instead caressed a warm, alive body. He liked knowing that he made Mary feel the same, even if it did only last an hour. It was one hour of his life where he didn’t feel completely lost and meaningless.
Of course, Grandmama managed to escape the hospital and attend the world’s most over the top New Years Eve party but Molly Hooper was nowhere to be seen. Sherlock’s eyes scanned the vast, marble kitchen but he couldn’t locate her. He needed to find John and make amends. Before he even knew what he was doing his fingers had sent John a message.
John sat on the edge of his bed, back up right, fingers intertwined together in a ball between his thighs, allowing the day’s events to wash over him. His phone continued to buzz on his bed side table but he didn’t need to look to know that it was Mary calling. But he didn’t want Mary. Things between Sherlock and him had been different leading up to the days before he faked his death what with John being the only human who believed Sherlock was innocent. They spent night after night together, planning how they were going to prove Sherlock was innocent but they didn’t look over the case files they had on ‘Richard Brook’ separately in their armchairs, no. They breathed each other’s air as they examined the case, sat tightly next to one another on the sofa. Their hands began to brush more frequently, Sherlock’s eyes began to linger on John for a lot longer than what was normal. But John didn’t know what Sherlock was thinking and Sherlock didn’t know how much John wanted, needed him. As John turned his head towards his luminous phone a gentle voiced coaxed him,
He stood in place but looked all around him. They were defiantly being watched. Fraiser was busy serving, the dance floor, completely packed and a couple of men were standing behind the pair at the bar, just wanting to be served. Dammit John, find the target. Find. The. Target. NOW.
He placed himself on one of the red, leather barstools, coat and scarf still in place and smiled back at Frasier. “I’m afraid to say so.” John laughed a little awkwardly and looked down at his feet, knowing Frasier knew something was wrong. Without hesitation Frasier reached effortlessly for the bottle of 12 year old Dalmore, dropping a single ice cube in the bottom of a whisky tumbler.
Sherlock entered through the double doors from the kitchen and placed a tea cup and saucer in front of John, filled with boiling orange infused tea. John’s new favourite.
Sherlock crossed over the door boarder and into John’s personal space. He knew that John was confused, he wasn’t all that stupid after all. Sherlock knew John had caught onto their rare but highly intimate moments they shared which made everything considerably worse when it came to leaving. John had been strong for so long, it was his turn now.
“Go ahead.” John said as he crossed his arms, breathed out an almost sickly chuckle and turned his neck to face Sherlock, eye to eye.
The music was deafening. Pounding through his limbs as he moved towards the bar. All John needed was a familiar face, someone who knew what he’d been through and sympathised. Frasier gave him the warmest smile as he approached.
The cab pulled up outside Mr and Mrs Holmes’ house, located in the beautiful, secluded part of Greenwich. The house was grand but didn’t boast. It stood tall amongst the suburban houses, each one still maintaining privacy.
The evening had started with general chat between the detective and the doctor; The occasional comment on a current case, John asking about what he should wear and Sherlock replying with a grunt as he mused over The Daily Mail.
“Social events aren’t really my area.” Sherlock scuffed his feet on the gravel below and looked down.
Sherlock was slumped over his chair, legs sprawled and eyes heavy on the paper in front of him. It was only a matter of time before John commented,
“I’m simply stating that she does the Watson name no justice. A failed surgeon, a drug addict, homeless and some consider her a murderer…”
“My darling boy.” She reached a little on her toes to crane her arm around his curls, thankfully Sherlock was in need of human touch. He leaned down and into her warmth, his hands clasping around her waist. “Are you ok sweetheart?” She asked, tenderly, pulling away.
Sherlock knew he shouldn’t have mentioned anything. Of course he wasn’t embarrassed by John. He loved that man, he wanted a family and a life with that man. He just wanted what’s best for him. Idiot. How could he have been so stupid to say or even hint at such a horrible thing. He knew that all John needed to cool off were a few glasses of whisky, he’d drink up, get a cab to The Holmes’ for their annual New Years Eve party, they’d kiss and make up and he’d proudly show John off. He just needed a minute to himself. Him and John both knew this would be the case.
"I'll keep you updated." John finished, ending the call. Sherlock, still with his eyes closed, muttered a small "Enjoy your little gossip?".
He then walks to the door, wiping surreptitiously at his own eyes, and opens it just as Molly reaches her hand out to knock.
He pulls a stool closer, sits with his legs almost brushing Sherlock’s, and begins to wash away the blood. He tries to hide his shaking hands by doing the job quickly, but he could see Sherlock watching out of the corner of his eye. Both men know he can’t stand Sherlock’s blood, and both know that Sherlock does in fact remember exactly how it got there.
John places her in Sherlock’s lap, and Sherlock lifts her into a hug, her head resting against his shoulder. John sits down close beside him and watches as Rosie closes her eyes. He can’t take his eyes away from them, can’t understand why Sherlock has been hiding his affection for the girl. It’s so natural the way he gently rocks her that there is no question in whether Sherlock is Rosie’s father. When Sherlock slowly shifts her to lie in the cradle of his arms instead, she doesn’t stir at all. John wrap an arm around his waist and rests his chin on Sherlock’s shoulder.
"You're welcome, Sherlock" John said calmly, yet when he was out of the room, nothing could remove the big smile on his face .
“Don’t let Rosie see me.” Sherlock murmurs to John when he finally catches up, looking worriedly upwards in the direction of her room. John thanks Lestrade, and when Sherlock isn’t looking, Greg mimes to John that he’ll call him later. John nods.
Back from the clinic, smelling of disinfectant, John's feet were dragging as he yawned into the back of his hand. He looked up at the multitude of stairs, lacking the energy to so much as groan at the thought of effort, and started his journey towards the summit. He was dreading having to face Sherlock, who was currently stuck on a case. Three days in and he was no closer to solving it than when it had first been received. When this happened (which it rarely did), John would take the brunt of Sherlock's frustrations. This made John wish, despite his tired state, that his shift had lasted longer.
John smiles and looks over at Sherlock. Sherlock’s already staring at him with equal amazement. He is already off his stool and on his way over, too excited to be embarrassed that he had been caught watching them.
Rosie looks up at John and smiles. She seems a bit restless, grabbing at his hands and jumper. Until now, all Rosie has been doing is crawling and sitting up on her own. So when John sees her try and pull herself up to stand, losing her balance on the way there, John is overcome with emotion:
“You. Me.” John sighs, supposedly frustrated with his own briefness. “Us.” He eventually clarifies. Sherlock nods and looks away. He only just holds back from pleading with John to just spit it out and get it over with. After all this time, he’s too tired.
Sherlock freezes before he could hide it, yet smoothly gets under the covers as if he had never given himself away. He lies down facing away from John.
Sherlock certainly hadn’t forgotten the remark and decides to retaliate whilst John natters about something or other with Lestrade. He strides over and kisses John’s cheek, making sure to linger in his personal space and listen to him stammer.
“You ask too many of the wrong questions. I thought you were quieter than this.” Sherlock replies, getting back onto John’s bed and closing his eyes.
Sherlock rolled his eyes then glared at him. "Oh, don't think too much of it." he said, "He manipulated me into saying it." Sherlock had an abnormally strong memory and could remember the day down to its last detail. Mycroft had sat Sherlock down and repeated the word until Sherlock had indulged him -something Mycroft could forever hold against him. He would use it at any chance he could get, the most recent one being "Let's not forget how much you love me, brother mine. What
"Sit up" John managed through gritted teeth. He had never known a genius to be so stupid. He was dealing with a stubborn man-toddler who would rather pass out from malnourishment than look after his "transport". Sherlock rolled over to his back and shielded his eyes with his forearm. "Don't want to" he mumbled, mouth barely opening wide enough to enunciate his words. "Don't "want" to or you "can't"?" John questioned with concern.
Sherlock looks down at his feet before doing as asked. John does the same, and soon they both find themselves staring at the ceiling. They listen to the occasional rustle of sheets, both aware of the distance between them.
"Why did you get drunk in the first place?" John questioned, suddenly curious. Surely Sherlock could have turned down the alcohol, however persistent Greg had been.
The bedsit was four walls and a window, but there was nothing to look at outside. He never opened the curtain, not even to check on the weather. He didn’t yet have a job, living off of his army pension until he finds the will to look for one.
Sherlock tilted his head back to look up at John, muttering his deductions to him. "Three pints of beer and a shot of Tequila. He and Mycroft have had a little disagreement." With that, he sat up out of John's lap and awaited whatever excuse Greg had for disrupting his much needed cuddle-time with John.
"No, Sher- of course I'm not. We're raising her together. It doesn't matter if she calls you "Sherlock" or "Dad". That little girl loves you."
“Rosie would love that.” John tells him, picturing his daughter sat in the sand, Mary’s golden hair peeking out from underneath his daughter’s hat. “I bet it’s bloody freezing, though.”
"Mycroft?" he muttered hopefully. "No. John. Let me help you up." he replied, holding out his hand. Greg reluctantly took it and hauled himself forward, John nearly falling on top of him. After stumbling around for a moment, he began his shuffle to John's room. "You've had quite a lot to drink, mate. You'll be thanking God I'm a doctor when you wake up tomorrow." Greg just carried on with his slow decent until they reached the door to John's room. He turned to John and put a hand on his shoulder muttering what John guessed was "Thank you."
"Sherlock, can you hear me?" John calmly inquired, patting Sherlock's cheek. Sherlock's grunt of acknowledgement eased John's nerves. "Open your eyes." he instructed before being met by Sherlock's enlarged pupils, hazed by confusion. John shot up in search of his torch, finding it behind the severed hand concealed in a plastic bag, and sunk right back down to Sherlock's side again.
John is currently pouring all his alcohol down the sink, the very thing that got them into this mess. Definitely has a hangover. Underneath Sherlock’s terror and grief and guilt, there is relief: he doesn’t want John to stay in a place that’s harmful to him, where he’ll keep getting hurt. It’ll be over for both of them. Maybe John will find a mother for Rosie.
John was exhausted, a kind of tiredness he couldn’t rely on sleep to fix. He needed to fix this. He needed to put this fight with himself to rest. Why can’t he just take what he needs? It’s right there. He was a mere meter away from him. And John was drunk.
John steps back and scoffs in disbelief with a smirk that was rapidly slipping from his face. Mycroft’s face briefly resembles something close to an afterthought of sympathy. “I suspect there is a lot more going on in that head of his than he is letting on.” Mycroft closes his eyes and sighs. “Talk to him. Please.”
John wakes himself up by screaming. His chest burns as if he hasn’t been breathing and his shirt clings to his skin. He finds himself flung back into his surroundings by the piercing wail of his daughter.
"We're not taking any clients today." John smiled, continuing to toy with a particularly springy curl.
John does, and watches as she quickly grabs hold of John’s legs and pulls herself up. She glances up at John and Sherlock with a toothy smile, still keeping a cautious grip on John’s knee. John picks her up again, worried she might fall.
Sherlock sits on the bed with his back to John, who was already under the duvet and watching Sherlock with a scowl.
When the clock chimed seven, Sherlock sat down at the kitchen table and ate his cereal obediently. This was to insure that John assumed he would behave the rest of the day, a fatal assumption. Half an hour before the clock chimed twelve, Sherlock was hurriedly putting on his Belstaff in an attempt to flee whilst John was distracted in the kitchen. As he tip-toed across the floor, one of the floorboards groaned under his weight.
Just then, Sherlock came prancing over, swaying slightly before regaining his balance, and put his hand on John's shoulder. "John, look at me 'm fine." he said, spinning slowly to give John the full view of him. Folding his arms, he gave Sherlock a stern look. "What's the first element of the periodic table?" he asked, skeptical.
Back from the clinic, John walked up the stairs. There was an emergency and they were short on staff- John went willingly. Towards the top of the stairs, he heard a chorus of off-key singing.
"They haven't found my body yet, then. It's a wonder Scotland Yard get anything done." Sherlock mutters, the roll of eyes clear in his tone.
John pushes determinedly away from the table and walks to his bottle of whiskey, trying desperately to conceal his limp. Sherlock gets up and walks over to him, quietly fetching a glass of his own, which John ignores. They both take their drinks back to their adjacent chairs and sip quietly, John holding his gaze away from Sherlock.
"I found him passed out on the floor when I got back. Told me he hadn't eaten since Wednesday. When I've finished reviving the sod you can have him back. Sorry again, Greg."
“What’s…” He found himself asking, clearing his throat and shifting closer to it. “What’s your name?”
Sherlock shrugs impatiently, clearly not too keen on admitting to his own lack of understanding. “It exhausts me, after a while.”
John tried to conceal his flicker of hope as Sherlock looked down at the plate on his lap. "Even if I get the information from you, my body will be too busy metabolizing "this" to properly analysis it." Sherlock said, however his eyes remained on the food. Before he could register what he was doing, he found himself holding a slice of toast. His "transport" was rebelling against him. Once the smell of wheat and melted butter hit his nose, he couldn't stop his hand from gravitating towards his mouth. Gradually, a tiny nibble began to grow into big bites as his self-restraint slipped away.
John smiles and looks at Sherlock, hearing the question there anyway. “You do.” He says, then gulps back the rest of his drink. He dumps the empty glass on the arm of his chair. “That’s not what I meant, though.”
Nearing the top of the stairs, he frowned at the lack of noise. There were usually a sequence of footsteps- Sherlock pacing around the flat. Even just the clatter of a petri dish being thrown to the floor after yet another bacteria culture had failed to give him the answers. John's tiredness was now long forgotten having been consumed by his growing feeling of something not being right. Dashing through the doorway, head snapping around for just one indication of danger, his eyes landed upon a mop of curls on the floor. Sherlock's limp body was just a few steps away from his chair.
It’s starting to make sense to John now. Sherlock’s clearly already smitten with her, so perhaps Sherlock’s reluctance to bond with her in any way is to prevent
"Want to tell me what happened, Greg?" John urged, talking to him more like a patient than anything. Greg scoffed before spitting out the word "Mycroft". When Greg realized John wanted him to continue his story, he took a deep breath.
Laughter outside draws John’s eye momentarily towards the window, but when it flits back, Sherlock is gone.
"Want a cup of tea?" John interrupted, gleefully earning himself the famous 'Sherlock Glare'- the embodiment of the phrase 'I dare you to carry on'.
John stares helplessly for a moment, but when he nods, Molly runs her hand over Rosie's head in goodbye and walks off back down the stairs. Rosie squeaks after her and pulls at his jumper.
The apple eventually falls through his hand. John stops the timer at the thud and reads out the result. “Nineteen seconds. Three seconds longer than yesterday. You did well.”
Sherlock watches John from the sofa, his heart noticeably thumping in his chest. He’s perfectly still, lest any movement catch John’s eye. If he stayed like this, invisible to the world, would John forget he existed? It would certainly put an end to his prolonged suffering, would finally give an answer to the all-consuming question
Sherlock snatches up the apple and stares at it for a while and John raises an eyebrow. It’s been a week since they’ve been acquainted, and John can’t stop thinking about it. He and Sherlock Holmes, existing together.
smile. He could cry at the sight. He gently pulls Sherlock down with a hand at the back of his neck and kisses him on the cheek. Sherlock blushes and allows Rosie to pat his chin, the little girl taking full advantage of his crouched position beside her.
“I thought these days were behind us.” John smiles feebly when he hears the front door close. He walks over to Sherlock and tilts his head back to get a better look in the dingy kitchen light. He rests a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
Sherlock watches John as he leaves before picking the frightened child up from her cot, shushing her and swaying from side to side. Sherlock takes a breath to steady himself, needing to be calm himself if he wants the same for Rosie.
John’s lying in bed, waiting for something he didn’t allow himself to acknowledge, when Sherlock pops up again.
John stays still, feigning deep thought, whilst he watches Sherlock dramatically twirl and smile up at the ceiling, muttering his praises as he does so. This was their seventh case together and both had yet to figure out how to function as if this was the doing of just one man. John had picked up a few tactics -squinting his eyes as if considering possibilities or muttering nonsense to himself- but Sherlock was off the rails and unabashed in his childlike glee. Greg was looking expectantly for John to elaborate.
John could hear the hatred in Sherlock's voice as he spat his brother's name out like a mouthful of sand. "Would it kill you to just admit that you love him?"
It sighs at him. “One moment, please.” It mutters before it stands up from the bed, walks to the window, and shifts the curtain aside to look at the street below. John can’t stop staring, even when the intense gaze of its eyes turn back to his.
"Knock yourself out." John said, not at all bothered about the outcome of this little predicament. He knew that Sherlock was probably right.
John sat back down with his hands raised. "Alright, alright" he said, slightly annoyed at Lestrade's intrusion. That was the most intimate position he had been in with Sherlock since their relationship had started, now he had to cut it short to sober up a drunk man. But he could see Greg was upset: he owed Greg for being there for him when he needed it.
John rolls closer to Sherlock, resting his forehead against Sherlock’s arm. He takes Sherlock’s hand and squeezes. “She was on borrowed time. And she knew how much... you were needed. Please, Sherlock.”
“That I meant it.” John clarifies, fists clenching at his sides, genuine in his patience. “I only said all that 'cause I love you.”
"Oh. What's wrong with her?" he asked, temporarily freezing from taking baby food out of the fridge. He had had Sherlock disinfect the fridge before Rosie's arrival at the flat to remove any traces of cultured bacteria, blood or anything severed. Obviously.
When John comes back to himself, it’s to people staring at him, concerned for their own safety. They can’t see Sherlock, then.
Sherlock goes out the next day to tie up the loose ends of the case. That’s what John was told, but he knows he probably irritated Sherlock by waking him up every half an hour to check for brain damage, annoying him so much so the man had fled from the flat.
When he was met with silence, he slid his hand behind Sherlock's upper back, gently easing and sitting him upright. Sherlock slouched against John before muttering the word "tired". If Sherlock Holmes admits he's tired, it must be an exhaustion unlike any other. John moved Sherlock's arm to wrap around his shoulder, grabbed Sherlock around the waist, and slowly raised them from the ground. As Sherlock's knees shook with the effort of holding himself up, he and John shuffled along to his bedroom as John encouraged him with a myriad of "That's it" and "You're doing well." Sherlock would never admit that it helped.
Sherlock squeezes John’s hand where it lies on his stomach. John knows that Sherlock probably isn’t ready for that yet, as if being his usual whirlwind self will push John into walking out, but there is such an overwhelming relief in just simply talking again. They’ve been starved of this for too long.
Sherlock silently follows him all the way back to the bed sit, always just inside John’s peripheral vision. The first thing John does when he gets in is type “Sherlock Holmes” into Google.
John stopped smiling, however, when he saw Sherlock wince. Pushing all jokes aside, he marched up to the bed and examined Sherlock. "What's wrong? Are you in any pain?". Sherlock nodded, holding a hand against the bruise on his head. "Headache" he complained, screwing his eyes shut. "Alright, it's okay." John reassured as he rushed to close the curtains. "Better?" John urged after returning to his side. Sherlock nodded and muttered a "Thank you".
“Oh uh… just amazed at how clever it is.” John lies, before speaking to Sherlock’s general vicinity. “Sorry if I’m being a twat.”
Just as he was trained, he thrust his anxiousness to the back of his head letting "Doctor John Watson, Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers" take charge.
With the plate in his hand, he shuffled towards Sherlock's bedroom, peeking his head around the door. He saw Sherlock sat upright in his bed looking much less pale. To stop himself being caught lurking, he knocked twice and walked towards the bed. Sherlock looked quite happy to see John. Temporarily of course, for when he laid eyes on the food in John's hands his expression crashed into a scowl and he stubbornly turned his head away, arms crossed.
Sherlock looks reluctantly down at her as if she had just magically appeared before him. After a few hesitant moments, he raised his arm and pat her head. Twice. He then looked up for approval, only to be met with a stern look from John. Looking back down at the child, who was still tugging on his sleeve for his attention, he carefully picked her up and placed her in his lap, wrapping his arms gently around her as she rested her head against his stomach.
John sighed, knowing he'd have to try a different approach. "Eat it and I'll give you the new information on the case. Greg phoned me an hour ago."
Sherlock was resting his head in John's lap, staring at the ceiling. The discussion they were having was about nothing in particular but both men were happy to be spending time together. Two weeks into their new relationship and they were still just testing the waters, giving Sherlock time to think about what he wanted from John. John completely understood: Sherlock had been alone for most of his life and a relationship was a huge change for him. For now, they were both just content with John running his fingers through Sherlock's hair. Just as they were reminiscing about their favorite cases together, Mrs Hudson popped her head through the door with a sorry expression on her face.
Sherlock didn't reply but rather stared off into the distance, the cogs in his mind whizzing as he absently rocked Rosie. John could see the dark circles under his eyes, a strain taking toll as he tried to catalog this experience and understand his own feelings towards it. Placing his tea back down again, John rose from his seat and shuffled over to the pair. He was startled to find that Sherlock didn't even notice his presence and so decided to announce himself by speaking to him. "Go and get some sleep: Rosie's going to want to play with you later."
The truth was, Greg seemed so carefree when he was drunk- more comfortable. This was exactly what Sherlock wanted to be for John. He didn't want John to get bored of him, for John to wait for weeks until he knew what Sherlock wanted from him. He wanted to be carefree. So when Greg had shoved the bottle into his face with a stupid smile, he accepted it with little thought. Whilst Sherlock was stuck in his little ring of regret, John had gotten out of bed and closed the curtains, shutting out the light that hurt his sensitive head.
“My parents own a cottage in Sussex.” Sherlock tells him, eyes drooping closed before he can stop them. He hears John’s chest rumble with a small chuckle and it makes him smile: he feels at rest after so long. John could cry when he feels that same smile against his chest.
Just as Greg was gulping down his water, some dripping off his chin, John got a text. Sherlock frowned at John's sigh. "Oh no. It's the clinic. I've got to go in and sort something out. I won't be long." John promised, attempting to reassure a panicked Sherlock before getting up and putting his coat on. "You'll be fine, love." John smiled before quickly pecking his lips and running off downstairs.
A few hours have given the boys enough time to recover from their vulnerable conversation, and they find themselves peaceful, despite their exhaustion. Sherlock’s sat at his microscope, pretending he’s thoroughly invested in a bacterial culture to disguise how his thoughts are constantly slipping back to John. John’s sat in his chair, playing with a much more energetic Rosie, and pretending he isn’t constantly glancing at Sherlock.
Sherlock looks back down and John takes the time to stare at the flutter of long eyelashes against slightly flushed skin. He looks lovely. “I’ve been informed that I have some abnormalities.”
In the living room, John sits on the sofa and tries not to rock. The leather is cold under his legs, helping the room to stop spinning, and he begins to allow the waves of guilt to wash over him. He scares his own child and pressures Sherlock to clean up the mess. He swears there was some whiskey left behind the-
." He enunciated, getting more of Rosie's attention than before. This time she smiled up at him, flashing him the very little teeth she had. Rosie, like most babies, was very grumpy going through teething. Whenever she had trouble sleeping, Sherlock would play his violin or even read to her. Yes, they were books on the different stages of  decaying in humans but it soon got her to sleep.
Sherlock's stomach growled loudly but both men pretended not to hear it. Sherlock, because he would not let his transport beat him, and John, because he wanted to see how long Sherlock could keep up his act. Not long by the sounds of things.
When he crawled back into bed, he pulled Sherlock by his shoulder into John's chest. Massaging his scalp through a jungle of hair, he could already feel Sherlock relax into him; his back less curved and his neck less stiffened from lack of comfortable sleeping position. He knew he didn't need to lecture Sherlock; Sherlock's body was already doing that for him through pounding headaches and spinning rooms.
Walking back out of the bedroom and down the stairs to the living room, he saw Lestrade also passed out on the couch. John ran his hands over his face. He took a great amount of pity on Greg: John knew what it was like to date a Holmes. Before Greg had even told him what had happened, he was sure it was due to Mycroft being Mycroft. Despite this, he knew that him and Greg were perfect for each other... "Sometimes" John thought as he tried to wake Greg up from his alcohol-fueled hibernation. After a few firm pats on the cheek, Greg groaned and opened one eye.
When he finally returns to his bedroom washed and face freshly shaved, he removes his towel and puts on a pair of tight black briefs as he faces the wardrobe, considering which suit to wear. He grabs his mobile from where he left it on the bed and sees that he had missed another text message as he was cleaning up.
Sherlock blushed and tried to turn away, but since he couldn’t he closed his eyes for a few moments before opening them again with a serious expression. “Thank you, John.”
John walks in and freezes, his eyes widening and flashing across Sherlock’s body. “Oh shit! S-sorry!” Sherlock notices John lick his lips, surely unintentionally. “I’ll just,” John stammers and shakes his head, face flushed, as he retreats from the room, closing the door on his way out.
John racked his brain for things he wanted to know about Irene but was coming up short. There are plenty of things he would like to know about Sherlock, but he couldn’t come up with anything about her. Unless… maybe she could get him the answers he craved.
He hurries to get himself dressed, choosing an all-black suit to match the already-debuted pants. After taking one last look in the mirror, he takes a deep breath and walks out into the sitting room.
John turned over to Sherlock and cupped his face with his hands, forcing Sherlock to meet his eyes. “That was beautiful. Your playing – no, listen to me, Sherlock – your playing is the most beautiful thing I have ever heard. And I miss it – every day. It’s gorgeous. You are so talented. You are magnificent.”
John wasn’t really ready to move on to a new topic. He was feeling a bit overwhelmed, but he shook his head and pulled himself back to reality. John felt it was only fair to divulge some information after Sherlock had opened himself up so much. “Truth.”
Sherlock and John spent God knows how long with Mrs. Hudson, drinking tea and shoveling biscuits into their mouths. Mrs. Hudson was probably talking the whole time, but John was mostly zoned out or sneaking peeks at Sherlock. Each time they made eye contact they started laughing and had to look away again to regain their composure. John and Sherlock have gotten into lots of ridiculous situations, but this was turning out to be one for the books.
John peers around the room, evidently debating whether or not he should say. When he speaks, he doesn’t look at Sherlock. “You have to know by now. You can tell someone’s life story by their shirt-cuff and fingernails. I must be an easy read.”
John wondered the same thing more than he’d care to admit. Sherlock’s love life had always been a mystery to him – even more so now that he knows that Sherlock was never romantically involved with Irene.
It would be the first Christmas gathering Sherlock has hosted since… well, since everything went to shit.
Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open and he grabbed John’s hand, pulling him towards the bedroom. “Then we need to fall asleep as quickly as possible.”
anything from you, Sherlock. It sounds to me like you’ve had too many men take what they want from you.” John threw his arms up in defeat with a look of shame. “And you know what, I’m just as bad. I’ve beat you up, more than once, and been rough with you and I’ve never forgiven myself.”
John felt Sherlock place his lips against John’s skin and then Sherlock sucked hard and began to run his tongue along the inside and outside of John’s navel to lick up any remaining liquid. John risked a glance down at Sherlock and Sherlock looked up to meet his eyes – curls falling into his face and tongue still grazing John’s skin.
At that Sherlock lazily waved his hand in the air. “Please, John. Stay as long as you’d like. Don’t let this little devil scare you away.”
John studied him for just a moment and realized this could be just what they need to get back on track. Things have been strained between the two considering everything that’s happened, and they’ve never gotten back to where they used to be since before… well, honestly, since before the jump.
John shook his head and peeled off his coat, grumbling as he took off his shoes. “Jesus. You are, aren’t you? You’re high as kites?”
John starts typing, but then stops. After another moment, John begins typing again. Uncertainty: interesting.
“I know, and I appreciate that – more than I can say – but it doesn’t magically take the guilt away. So I’m not in a hurry to feel any more guilt when it comes to you, Sherlock. We’ve been smoking and drinking and your consent is muddled, and mine is too. And as much as I know this is what I want and I didn’t think I’d ever get this chance, I want to be fully present and remember every second of my first time with you. And I want that for you, too. If we’ve waited this long, we can certainly wait one more night.
She put on her coat and opened the door, but before leaving she whispered to John, “Don’t you fucking dare mess this up.” And then she was gone, shutting the door behind her.
John was suddenly feeling very out of place, so he stood up and said, “Yeah, you know what, I’d better leave you-“
John rummaged through the kitchen and yelled, “We don’t have any biscuits Sherlock. In fact, I can’t find anything edible. Wait, are these leftovers? Nope, that’s a kidney.”
Sherlock put his arms behind his head and stretched his legs out in front of him, elongating his body and causing John’s mind to go offline for a minute. John zoned out, taking in the sight before him. When he came back to his senses, he realized Irene was whispering in Sherlock’s ear. Sherlock nodded and she walked away towards the other side of the room. When John was just about to ask Sherlock what he missed, Irene returned and sat down in her chair, handing Sherlock the bottle of whiskey. Sherlock must have chosen dare again.
“You have to know I want you. God, Sherlock, I’ve wanted you since that first night at Angelo’s. You knew that. And I’ve never stopped wanting you. All these years, and I
Lestrade, Molly and John are talking about… something – involves a celebrity (how pedestrian) – which is maddening because there are more important things to talk about. LIKE WHY JOHN IS ACTING SO STRANGELY. Hasn’t anyone else noticed??? He can’t be the only one. Anyone with two functioning eyeballs should have been able to pick up on it by now. And really, John is barely talking. He’s been zoned out most of the evening. Granted, the conversation has been dull, but usually John is better at faking interest.
Sherlock began making slow circles around the mouth of the bottle, varying the speed and angle of his tongue. John crossed his legs and clung to the arms of the chair for dear life. After a few moments, Sherlock pressed the flat of his tongue against the bottom of the neck and licked his way up its length torturously slow, all the while keeping his eyes locked with John’s. He did this to the right side, the left side, and then the middle again, letting the mouth of the bottle linger against his bottom lip for a second before flicking it with his tongue. John suppressed the growl that was threatening to escape his mouth.
Sherlock sucked the bottle down one more time and then lifted the base of the bottle up high, letting alcohol spill into his mouth before pulling it out – alcohol dripping over his mouth, neck and bare chest. John’s knuckle flew to his mouth, but it wasn’t enough to hold back a groan. Luckily, Irene had shouted “one!” at the same time and then started squealing and clapping her hands, so hopefully she drowned him out.
Sherlock huffs in annoyance. He had a feeling John would dwell on it, so this really shouldn’t come as any shock. Embarrassment is tedious and he wishes John would just let it go rather than cause distance between them.
Interesting. He always imagined John as a top-only. “Do you have hopes of entering into a committed romantic relationship as well, or sex only?”
“Me too,” Molly adds. “I’m gonna catch a cab with Greg.” Greg? Oh, Lestrade. “Thank you for having us, Sherlock! It’s always lovely to see you both!”
Irene looked at Sherlock and then back to John. “Ooh, yes, I think Sherlock will look remarkably good in this.”
The next time he notices John glancing at him, Sherlock turns in his direction and for a split-second catches John’s eyes roaming over his body. When John meets Sherlock’s eyes, his face blushes and he quickly looks back at Mrs. Hudson, clearly attempting to catch up on what she was saying as he was preoccupied with staring at Sherlock.
Sherlock just smiled in response and it was all John needed. He brought the joint to his lips and inhaled, feeling the smoke burn in his lungs. He just barely choked on the exhale, but it was enough to throw him into a fit of coughs. Sherlock chuckled and patted his back until the coughs subsided.
John leans forward and rests his elbows on his knees. “When I said every capacity, I meant it. I want everything.”
Jesus, no wonder the man has so much pent up energy, John thought. He’s probably in a constant state of sexual frustration.
“I would say the same, but I wouldn’t mean it. Not dead, I see?” He kept sneaking glances over at Sherlock, trying to understand just what in the hell was going on here.
. John’s usually able to keep himself together in Sherlock’s presence, but he could really benefit from being dowsed in some cold water right about now.
As their giggles wore down, Irene started running her fingers through Sherlock’s curls and John couldn’t stop the rage sniff from escaping his nostrils. He was positive she was doing it on purpose, just to make him jealous. And dammit, it was working. Sherlock was clearly more open to physical touch while he was high because he’d never seen the man allow anyone to touch him like that. Or maybe he was always like that with Irene when they were in private. A new wave of jealousy hit and he had to tear his gaze away before he completely lost his cool.
Sherlock then closed his mouth fully around the opening of the bottle and John could see that he was circling it with his tongue. He spent several seconds running his tongue along the opening before he began to suck intermittently at the tip. Little by little, he started taking the neck of the bottle further into his mouth, getting an impressive amount down his throat, before pulling it back out again. He let his speed and intensity pick up until he was fully mouth-fucking the bottle, pausing now and then to circle his tongue around its length. And
John pulled off the jumper as he moved across the room and laid down on the sofa, pulling his shirt up above his stomach. “I’ve taken lots of body shots, but can’t say I’ve ever given one.” John rested his hands behind his head and watched as Sherlock took the cap off the bottle and leaned closer.
He looked past Sherlock at Irene, who was currently running her tongue against the rolling paper of a fresh joint and locking eyes with John. “Or, you could join us.” When she was done, she swayed over to John and whispered, “What do you say, Doctor? Care to have a little fun?”
Sherlock let out a breath of smoke through the window and turned back to John. “I believe you have something to ask Irene,
At that, Irene stood up and shouted, “Ooh! It’s getting hot in here, wouldn’t you two agree?” John released Sherlock from his grip as Irene opened the nearest window a crack and lit a cigarette. “What now, boys?” Sherlock laid his head against John’s shoulder and John’s heart skipped a beat. He could practically
