"Yes, it certainly was unexpected. How often have we had valuable leads waiting for us right in our own home?"
He tried to keep his tone gentle but John flinched anyway at the reminder of what his fiancée, his bride, had looked like, lying on the floor in her beautiful dress, the image ruined by the two bullet holes in her head and chest.
Holmes makes a noise that might mean anything and leans against the kitchen cupboards next to her, crossing his arms as he peers down at her. Sally keeps her focus firmly on the pots and pans she's stirring. Let him deduce whatever he likes, for all the good it will do him.
"Definitely not a bridge, either," Sherlock stated, placing his own bag next to John's and also surveying the room.
"Not quite what I meant," John said pointedly. "You haven't slept at all since I was turned back, have you?"
“I know,” Sherlock said softly, hating himself for how helpless he was in the face of this. How did people do this? He didn’t know how to offer comfort, didn’t know what was too much or too little, which words were right and which ones wrong.
That was the only reason John was currently stopping himself from going after him. That, and the look in Sherlock's eyes. Clearly his friend had been dreading this moment, had probably hoped John would never find out, and just as clearly he didn't wish to talk about it.
The whiskey glass was empty and he hadn't refilled it, aware that while he needed the alcohol to get through this, he couldn't be too drunk or the whole thing would go off the rails. Balance was important.
Sherlock shook his head. "What's the point? This is all I've got left, John. Just this. And you expect me to just, just give it to you and let you walk away with it like it's some sort of prize?"
Perhaps this was Mycroft trying to rile him up by deliberately changing his shoes. Something Sherlock fully expected him to do.
There seemed an increasingly long list of reasons to get up and walk away while he could still walk. He didn't have a snowball's chance in hell if Sherlock happened to wake an-
Sherlock hesitated and did a quick risk calculation. A week in a remote hotel far away from civilisation, living under the same roof as a killer, with no phone reception or internet access and therefore no way of calling in reinforcements should something go wrong.
"We'll see what happens," Mrs Hudson says wisely. "But I think Sherlock will tread very carefully for a while. Perhaps the alcohol will help."
John stared at him, taking in the honest concern on Sherlock's face. God, how was it possible he hadn't noticed this?
That actually seemed to cheer Sherlock up and he wordlessly raised his bow to continue playing while John went into the kitchen to refill their glasses. This punch was really fantastic, though he was trying to go slow. There was a lot of evening left, after all, and it wouldn't do to run out of punch ahead of time.
John came running back to him, the tennis ball grasped in his teeth. He looked ... happy, Sherlock thought, feeling a little amazed. He looked like a happy, healthy dog who was overjoyed to be playing with his owner. And yet, somehow, he also very much looked like John, whose face had this way of lighting up when he looked at Sherlock sometimes. He missed that.
John shook his head and squeezed his hand. "Not at all. I've hardly been an open book, either. Could've saved us both a lot of time, if things had been different."
"You wouldn't have. For the longest time, E-Psy were terminated before their birth or had their abilities trained out of them. Most simply did not survive in the PsyNet under Silence. For most of my life, I thought I was a latent Cardinal - that whatever my power was, it simply did not manifest. I now know it was all a lie. Psy like me still exist, though there are few. We are the Empaths."
"Yes. Your home and the place where he was discovered in Regent's Park are on a direct line to my address just south-west of the park, so it seemed the most logical explanation. I have since come into the possession of further information regarding a potential fraud case at his company. Did he tell you about that?"
And yet he had been wrong. Mary had died and the wedding had never happened and here he was, still clean and with John asleep in his arms.
"I've been waiting for five years, John," Sherlock tells him calmly. "I can wait a little while longer. But I need to know how long
"I might as well expect it to snow on the sun," Mrs Hudson says, stepping forward and kissing his cheek. "Now get out of that coat and take off your shoes, you're dragging mud all over the floor."
It was a bit annoying to be so transparent, and he wondered if this was what people felt like all the time around him. Then again, it was also sometimes a bit overwhelming to know everything, whether he wanted to or not.
"I did manage to keep in contact for longer this time," he mused. "A full twenty-five seconds, I believe, and only because you pulled away. It seems I was correct and that further exposure will desensitise me to touch."
John frowned and breathed in deeply through his nose. The flat smelled like it always did but Sherlock's scent had gone stale, for lack of a better term. He must have been gone for hours, had probably left soon after John this morning.
He smiled. "I don't know, either. I suppose we'll find out soon enough. In the meantime ... you really don't mind this, do you?"
The sound of sirens reached his ears. "Mycroft, the ambulance is here. I'm sure I won't need to tell you where they're taking him. Don't overdo it with the fretting, he will be fine. I've already taken measures to get the fever down, I just want a thorough check-up and some proper medication in him once we know what the issue is."
Moriarty stumbled back, hissing, his hands going to his head as the dissonance set in almost instantly, overwhelming his synapses with its response to the sudden outburst of raw emotion.
"I don't know what she is going to do or if she is going to do anything," Mycroft says patiently. "My brother has clearly forced himself not to deduce her for fear of learning things he has no wish to know. His current situation being what it is, he is unlikely to raise the issue with John even if he were to find out. No doubt he believes that John will end up making a choice Sherlock can't live with."
Ignoring the dissonance for now, he walked down the hall and to his bedroom, John close at his heels. He didn't necessarily need rest but some time to focus on his shields and the cracks in his conditioning was clearly required.
The victim got on the train, the train moved and stopped at several stations, the victim developed a nosebleed and dropped dead. Panic in the carriage, everyone left, the police arrived.
A small laugh forced its way out of John's throat. "Remember that guy at the fundraising event who was flirting with you? Seeing you smiling at him hurt more than I wanted to admit even to myself. But when I came home today, already resolved to call off the wedding, and found Mary in bed with some stranger, I didn't feel a thing besides relief."
He looked around the dim room, trying to make out anything within reach that might be helpful, like a lost hairpin or a dropped pen he could take apart and use to pick the lock on the handcuffs. No such thing was in the vicinity and he also didn't carry a pen on him. He knew exactly where one was - in the bag he had sitting in Greg's office, where it did him absolutely no good.
"He's a cute dog, I'll give you that," Sally said as she handed the lead back to him. "How long is he staying with you?"
"Okay, let me get this straight. The killer is still here. We are here incognito, so I will actually have to call you by your false name the entire time, yes?"
Shouldn't that be obvious? "Changelings and humans frequently engage in touch," Sherlock pointed out. "Clearly there is a connection. The first step to deciphering your thought processes is understanding your behaviour and the reasoning behind it. So ... what are skin privileges and why do you require them?"
Privately, Lestrade thought this was a lie, but probably one Sherlock was also telling himself. No one wanted to believe their partner capable of violence and yet it happened all too often. Lord knew he had seen his fair share of the results.
But even as he thought it, even as he tried to come up with more and more reasons to convince himself that this was the best course of action, he could feel the words in his chest, in his throat, choking him, piling up on his tongue.
She led them into the sitting room and offered Sherlock the sofa and a cup of tea, both of which he accepted.
The windows upstairs were still dark - had Sherlock not bothered to switch on a light? Perhaps John should head back, check if he was all right, make sure the mad bastard didn't fall down the stairs in the dark.
John dared to raise his head again to watch his every move, feeling suspicious. There was an air of amusement to Mycroft's presence. He couldn't quite explain how he figured that, because the older Holmes brother looked the same way he always did. Then Mycroft opened the box and pulled out one of the assorted items in it. "And, of course, I have brought all the necessary equipment."
Sally takes off her coat and shoes and sits down. She looks around for Dante and realises he is curled up in Sherlock's lap, the traitor. Sherlock is idly scratching his chest with his left hand. Sally can hear Dante's gentle purr.
But John was right here, holding on to him as tightly as Sherlock clung to his jumper. He wouldn't have let John get that close if he hadn't said or done something significant.
He listened to the lift descending into the sub-basement, trying to pick out any sound from the stories they passed. There was nothing. Whoever had soundproofed the place had certainly done a proper job of it.
It doesn't matter. He plays beautifully and she feels stress seeping from her body, shivers running up and down her back as she finally relaxes into the sofa cushions and lets herself be swept away.
Luckily, Mrs Hendriksen hadn't, being too focused on her dough, and she continued talking. "Anyway, the boy was going to propose once she came back. He even had the ring picked out and bought already, and a pair of earrings to match. I must say I was a bit surprised about that - they looked a wee bit out of his pay range, but then he may have been saving up. After a couple of years working here and little expenses, he might have been able to afford them. Who knows? It's all for nothing now, God rest his poor soul."
John tried to make the expression a bit more intense, perking his floppy ears forward as far as they would go and letting his tail swish back and forth on the floor. He could actually feel himself drooling but didn't care enough to stop. The food smelled heavenly and he really, really missed human food. A proper meal sounded like paradise right now.
By the end of their discussion, Molly looks determined. "Our boys are in real trouble this time. I suppose we should get them out of it."
Now that she has met Mycroft Holmes, Sally can't quite hold back her quiet snort. He probably does live in a lair. It likely has lava somewhere.
John flattened his ears at him and pointedly trotted off to the other side of the room where he curled up in his dog bed, hiding his nose under his tail. Perhaps he could just sleep through this entire thing and claim ignorance on the matter if questioned later on. There was certainly nothing he could do about it now short of eating the damn thing.
You may have noticed the chapter count has gone up - this chapter ended up being so long I decided to split it in half, just to keep the suspense going for a bit longer ;-)
He made sure to have his entire body express his unwillingness to explore that topic further, and mercifully Sherlock seemed to get the hint and shut up about it.
John spent that evening wondering if perhaps it was time to try and shift. His one-night stand with Amber the previous night had helped settle him somewhat, his body's desperate hunger for touch sated for the time being. He was relaxed and didn't expect any catastrophes that might cause him undue distress, so it was probably as safe as it could possibly be.
The windows of the notorious flat are dark - a rather uncommon occurence at this time of night. Both inhabitants are in, though, and they are still up.
"That is usually why people ask this question," Sherlock said, shrugging. "I'm not in the mood to go out - I don't think I have the energy, honestly. But I was thinking we could order in?"
Retracting his arm, he stood and turned to John. "You heard the water dripping from our sitting room?"
They stared at each other, speechless. The tension John had noticed last night as they clinked glasses was back, too, making the air seem to sizzle between them.
Sherlock felt a tug of longing in his chest and quickly clamped it down. This was not something he would ever be privy to. There was no use in wishing for impossibilities.
“Yes. I can turn into any animal that has ever lived, as long as I can picture them. And since I know you can keep a secret I don't have to implore you not to tell or threaten a horrible outcome if you do, correct?”
John placed a hand on the beanstalk, it was hot to the touch, even through his gloves. Maybe they would finish in time. John crossed to Sherlock picking up his mug and tossing the cold contents. He refilled his mug with the coffee cocktail and helped him drink so, making sure he drank more than last time.
“And then he fixes breakfast for you two. Afterwards, he offers to hold you while you talk, in which you decline.”
“Calm down John you're good for it, Scotland Yard made a nice sizable deposit into our account this morning. Payment for our last case.”
Sherlock wiped at John’s tears. John hadn’t realized he was crying. “When you left to save me, I betrayed you by getting with that- that
Sherlock looked at John over Rosie’s head. He had never had to deal with a panicked child, his eyes were big with fear of saying the wrong thing and making matters worst.
“Actually, Liam. Delma and I have been doing the same. We have been the only people staying there. Sorry, but we have made it in all the rooms but one.”
John and Sherlock had been slowly making batches of the cure. They couldn’t really set up shop in a factory and mass produce it because the key ingredient they didn’t have an unlimited supply of, John’s blood. They never told anyone what the cure was made up of and only wrote down the base components because if anyone ever learned John’s blood was the key all they had to do was try to incapacitate him or take him hostage to halt all production of the cure.
Something inside him tightened at the sight of the little girl obviously happy to see him. Acting on pure instinct he jumped down and scooped the small girl into his arms. “Rosie! I’m so happy to see you!” Opening his eyes he saw John walking towards him with a gentle smile on his face. Sherlock felt something else inside him tighten something low and he felt like field mice were running in circles in his stomach. Letting Rosie go he addressed John, “You allowed her to come back, thank you.”
“Oh, I see, because you didn’t want to be out done, right?” Lestrade asked face completely serious. When everyone started laughing he pulled Mycroft into a kiss. “I love your dramatic side.”
Sherlock looked up, it had started to occur to him that John was unable to do what he could. And maybe, just maybe no one down there could. Except for little Rosie, but she was just beginning. This would explain why the giant hoarded him and wouldn’t let him leave, he was the only one who could do this. He suspected that Rosie could too, just a gut feeling.
“Excuse me? Did you say Fíona-” Hyde looked quickly to Alasdair and corrected himself, “Uh, I mean Eva pulled you from your coma?” When Mansi nodded and John and Sherlock confirmed with nods of their own Hyde sat down and looked at Alasdair for an explanation.
“Hyde is torn between new and old loyalties. Give him time.” Fíona brushed at the stray hair on Otaktay’s forehead. “Fight for him. He gives up because he feels like he doesn’t belong. Sherlock, you’re honest with him. But you never tell him or show him how you care for and about him. He needs to know that you all see him as family, not just John.”
John suddenly yanked Sherlock’s trousers down to his ankles and turned him around so that his chest was flush to the door. Sherlock expected John to enter him right then and there, but surprised didn't cover what he felt when he felt the tip of John's tongue as he spread him open, the tip circling his entrance. He gasped loudly, this was new.
Lestrade finally pulled up, lights going but siren's silent thankfully. Jumping out of the car he looked at Sherlock and lifted one eyebrow.
“She has. Of course, she asked about you and then made a beeline for mother, they’ve been talking for quite a while.”
“Excuse me, madam. I believe there has been a mix up in my reservation. You see, there was supposed to be double beds, plural, not
“How about for today you do two cracks of thunder 13 seconds apart when it’s safe. And we will make up the signal each day that way there is no pattern.”
Sherlock said nothing. He stared at John for a few heartbeats and then leant forward pressing a quick kiss to his lips. When he pulled away he was staring at John’s lips and smiling. “Let’s go.”
Fifteen minutes later Sherlock was pacing with a copy of the picture from yesterday's box, the one with the John look alike. “I can’t make anything out! This could be anywhere.”
“Sherlock, I think I’m in need of an outting tomorrow night. I’m starting to get cabin fever being cooped up here.”
Sherlock mumbled something as he took a bite of his toast. Smiling John stood up and poured them each a glass of orange juice. Sitting back down he picked up his own fork and answered his own question, “‘Course I am, no one else can put up with you like I can.”
Once inside he was a little disappointed to see Sherlock was back in bed. His back was to John but he was sure he was asleep. Stripping down John took a quick shower and climbed between the sheets pulling Sherlock firmly into his arms.
Mrs Munkeld looked suitably taken aback. "Fraud? Here? No. I can honestly tell you that I have not heard anything of the sort. He certainly seemed rather stressed in the days leading up to his ... his death, but I thought it was just the usual pre-retirement worries."
There was no medication in the flat, nothing that would help with a fever. He couldn't even remember if Sherlock had ever been sick in as long as he had known him. He didn't think so. Not even a bloody paracetamol could be found in this place and John cursed both Sherlock and himself for this neglect as he waited for the ambulance to arrive.
“I think she moved here from Devon about two years ago,” John said. “God, I know so little about her, come to think of it. I know she hasn’t got a family, she’s an orphan. Grew up in an orphanage, she said, and never wants- wanted... to go back. That was all. Why?”
Clothing rustled and a moment later, Mycroft laid a hand on his forearm and gave a slight squeeze. It was an almost unprecedented expression of brotherly concern. Coming from Mycroft, it was equivalent to a bone-crushing full-body hug.
“Yep. Haven’t seen anybody do midnight rounds for a while, but that doesn’t mean all the chaps are clean.”
John frowns at the medication. “Whoever uses it would need a prescription. How handy that Fratelli is a doctor.”
Thus buoyed by relief and new confidence, and outraged about John’s hurt, Sherlock attacks. At first, Moran seems content to let Sherlock drive him into the middle of the room, simply parrying or turning his blows. He is a skilled fencer, strong yet agile, his height and long arms giving him good reach. He is also quick on his feet, surprisingly so for a man of his bulk. Sherlock is slightly superior in agility, but he lacks practise, strength and stamina. He makes up for that with fervour and cunning.
They kissed for a while, gently and unhurriedly, before Sherlock drew back with a sigh, gazing at John fondly and smiling, his forehead still resting against John’s. John was smiling, too. “I think I love you, John Watson.”
“Oh, a famous singer is performing here tonight. We weren’t lucky enough to get tickets. They sold out so quickly. But we hoped to catch her here before the performance, or perhaps afterwards,” says the corporal.
John gave him an astonished look, before smiling slightly. “You never cease to amaze me, you know. But you were both right and wrong in this case. Yes, I was reminded of Afghanistan at first, but then looking at these heaps of grey stone I started thinking of Wales.”
As Sally predicted, things take a turn to the uncomfortable about twenty kilometres later. By then, dark clouds have enveloped the sky from east to west. A not too distant roll of thunder announces what is imminent.
“Sorry,” he mutters, his voice slightly hoarse. “I got carried away a little. I’ve a lot of fond memories of that song,” he adds wistfully, but doesn’t elaborate.
important. You have a fugitive criminal in these parts, who is moreover injured and in need of medical attention which may lead him to break into people’s homes in order to treat his wound. But all in good time. Kindly step over here to my partner Dr. Watson and we’ll explain the matter.”
She stirs, turns to him. Some of her composure returning, she jerks up her chin, sniffs haughtily. “I have no idea what you’re talking about. Dad’s clearly unwell and has had a bit too much to drink last night. He’ll be fine once he’s slept it off.”
Sherlock gets up to fetch the bottle, providing John with a spectacular view of his naked backside. John’s grin and appreciative gaze is met with a raised eyebrow and a small but confident smirk upon Sherlock’s return. He hands over the bottle, climbs back onto the bed, sits down on the edge, arranges himself between John’s legs with his back to John and leans forward with a groan, dangling his arms in front of him. John squirts some sunscreen onto his hands and begins to knead the tight muscles of Sherlock’s shoulders. He is careful with his nape and his upper vertebrae, knowing that he could do more damage than good here with a wrong touch.
Sherlock is right, it is nothing John hasn’t seen before. Previously, however, back during Sherlock’s recovery from surgery when John helped him use the toilet after his catheter had been removed, and escorted him into the shower before Sherlock managed himself, John tried to strictly regard him as a patient. A friend, too. But not a potential lover. After all, on paper, John was still married, whatever the state of his relationship with Mary was at the time. Back then, he felt obliged to work things out with her for the sake of their child. Some part of him also upheld that once, he had loved her, and that one didn’t cast away a love like that on a whim. Couples work on their issues. Husbands look after their wives and kids, and don’t just piss off like his dad all those years ago. John tried to understand Mary’s motive for shooting Sherlock, for withholding her past from him. Things with her would likely never have worked again. John was realistic in that regard. But he had been willing to try – perhaps also to shield himself from the reality of his feelings for his best friend, feelings that had been simmering for years.
“I wish I had brought a proper camera,” he said when they stood side by side at the railing, looking down into the valley and John held up his mobile to take a shot. “The zoom on this thing is shitty, and like this you can’t really see the true proportions of the landscape. Look, we’re almost level with the Croix des Têtes, and you can just make out Saint Michel down there.” He glanced at Sherlock and grinned. “Hard to believe we climbed all this by bike.
Both of them are breathing hard. Sherlock’s hands are still grasping the steering wheel so tightly that only after the light touch of John’s trembling hand he notices and begins to relax them and turn off the engine. “You okay?” enquires John, his voice quivering.
He sighs. There’s still another week to enjoy before any final decisions will have to be made. Taking a large draught from his water bottle, he, too, concentrates on what’s happening on the screens again.
Sherlock nods. “Yes. I’d also like to closely monitor Team Brook Consulting’s activities tomorrow, particularly Moriarty’s and Moran’s. Baskerville’s and Magnussen’s, too, if possible. It’s fortunate that all teams are accommodated in Pau for the next couple of days.”
Sherlock nods. He wasn’t aware that this information has been spread around, or that anybody should be interested in what he was up to before the war apart from the usual background check, which, however, wasn’t done by people like Tiltman. Mycroft likely provided those who run the GC&CS with all the information they needed about his little brother.
She scoffs. “Of course not. Sebastian and art, hah. You have seen the paintings he likes, haven’t you? No sense of artistry or aesthetics, that boy has, despite me trying to educate him. I am a patriot, Dr. Watson. And I also know decency. It’s a bad government that keeps its population in fear and does unspeakable things to some of them on the grounds of fake science. My friend Anni from Vienna recently moved to neutral Switzerland, but some of her family couldn’t join her, and she is very worried about them. They’re Jewish, you have to understand. I offered to help them come here, but it’s very difficult, of course, with the war and everything. And Sebastian – he will be charged for treason, won’t he?”
“We better hurry,” said John, when several drops of rain landed on the map. “Looks like Stuart was right about the weather.”
Gazing at himself in the mirror, he saw that the tour had left traces. His cheeks were still flushed and his nose redder than it should be, having barely avoided sunburn. He checked his arms and legs, praising the fact he had insisted so vehemently on applying high SPF sunscreen. The tanlines were more clearly visible, but it didn’t look like he got burned. He wondered about Sherlock with his much paler skin, though.
The race feels more like a holiday ride until the peloton reaches Tower Bridge. As John expected, the streets are lined with people several rows thick, the atmosphere is even more cheerful and supportive than during yesterday’s prologue. It’s absolutely marvellous, and lets him forget his worries for a while. The peloton slows down while crossing the bridge. John looks up at the towers and the huge steel beams, a TV-helicopter hovering over them. Then he casts a glance over the river, which is thronged with small boats. People are waving from them. John and a great number of riders wave back.
Sherlock sits up straighter, obviously anticipating the reaction his reply is going to cause. “I plan to retire for good after this Tour.”
The question surprises Sherlock. He turns to John. His face is open and he seems genuinely interested in an answer. “I mean,” he goes on clarifying, “I’m not sure it does. He was real to you, so ... I don’t know. That’s good enough for me, I guess.”
“I mean ... let me get my phone ...,” he wipes his oily hands on a towel and burrows for his mobile in the pockets of his cargo-trousers. A short while later, he holds it up, showing the first page of a Google search. “Apart from what the press has to say, there are plenty of entries on twitter and instagram and other social media sites about you. And not just crap. Here, look at this. They’re calling themselves the ‘Sherlockians’ and mostly post candid shots of you on their instas. And here’s an entire tumblr devoted to you. Oh, and John, apparently.” He turns the phone to view one of the photos featured on the site more closely and blushes.
“Oh, so you offer government-approved sex advice for thirty-nine year old queer virgins?” Sherlock wants to know.
Hofmann slaps his shoulder, grinning. “Yes, I remember. You ended up drenched in champagne and in the arms of one of the girls from the awards ceremony.”
Mrs. Cook insists on showing them the room, which is situated on the first floor. One window is overlooking the main road and the village green. The other, framed by trees, shows a bit of garden to the side of the building. What used to be a lawn and flower beds have been turned into a potato field framed by rows of leeks and onions. The room is small and plainly furnished with two beds and bedside tables, a chest of drawers with a mirror, a pitcher with water and a large washing bowl set on top of it. There is a chair standing in front of it, and an old oak wardrobe occupying most of the left-hand wall. A flowery border covers the upper part of the walls which otherwise bear a plain, slightly faded wallpaper with a geometric pattern. The wooden floorboards creak at every step. The ceiling is low with exposed wooden beams running through it. Sherlock almost hits his head on the low-hanging porcelain lampshade. Heavy blackout curtains have been added to the thin white cotton ones, but are now drawn back to allow some sunlight into the room.
From below, heavy footfalls are coming closer. Are they armed? Yes, he’s seen the gun. Will they shoot despite the narrow tunnel with its curved walls and the danger of ricocheting bullets should they miss? Yes, they certainly seemed daft enough.
John obeyed, taking the command as a plea not to address Sherlock’s present distress. Thus with a heavy heart, he followed Pippin as he witnessed Denethor succumb to grief over what he believed to be the death of his only remaining son and the impending defeat of his country. The he followed the hobbit’s quest to save Faramir. He read the descriptions of the siege with its terror and violence. They were less explicit than many other things he had read, both in novels and professional reports. Moreover he had seen and experienced battle first hand. Yet he found them poignant and true in their depiction of dread and terror, indicating to him that the author was a fellow soldier, and officer, even, who had witnessed war and bloodshed at the Somme like John had in Afghanistan.
admit you’re not top of the game at something? What’s the matter with you today? Did you leave your ego in London?”
“It’s pretty bad, isn’t it,” mutters Kit, his expression one of awe. “Looks like winter’s come early, like I’m back home right now – although we don’t usually have that much snow and hail Down Under. That’s amazing. Look at that snowplough. It can barely cope with all that slush and water on the road. And that dude just standing there watching. I’d keep some more distance in case ... oh shit.”
Temperatures are reaching around thirty degrees again when the remaining riders and their entourage assemble at the virtual start in the historic centre of Cahors not far from its mighty cathedral. Today’s stage is going to lead them north-westward through the Départements Lot, Dordogne and Charente towards the city of Angoulême, which is also going to be the finish of tomorrow’s time trial.
“It’s nothing against you, in case you’re wondering,” he says quietly. “I just ...” He lets out a long breath but doesn’t finish the sentence.
Sherlock swallows, smiles, before his expression changes to something stormy and intense. He grabs John by his jersey and pulls him close for a scorching kiss. “Thank you,” he rumbles after they’ve parted again and stand looking at each other, both out of breath.
“Well, next time my brother offers you money to spy on me, do take it. We can split the fee. Also, some extra gold braid would look lovely on your uniform.”
As if things weren’t complicated enough, here he goes and falls into the same trap as the sorry rest of humanity, after having successfully managed to avoid said pitfall all his life. Now he’s well and truly buggered
“What handkerchief?” The Woman’s voice interrupts his musings. Colour shoots into his cheeks at the realisation that apparently he has spoken his thoughts aloud. He clears his throat.
He glances in the direction of the living room, then sighs and shakes his head, as if finding his suspicion that he won’t receive any assistance confirmed. “Thought so.”
And more than once, making choices for John has turned out disastrously wrong, as John told him in a rare fit of outward, passionate anger, slamming a hand on the table next to Sherlock while he was conducting a sensible experiment, making the test tubes and other apparatus clink and rattle. They had a bit of a row, then. Unfortunately, before anything truly important could be said, John stormed off, yelling about needing air. He took his bicycle and rode for about two hours, not even wearing a helmet or a jacket, and returned wet and cold and dirty. Sherlock had tried tracking his phone to see where he was, worried about his safety, only to discover the device in John’s room. With great relief he greeted John’s weary footsteps on the stairs, and braced himself for John’s reaction to the state of the bathroom – no disaster zone for a change, but with a bath drawn and candles lit. John hadn’t mentioned it, but had made Sherlock tea later, and thus, Sherlock assumed, peace was made, or at least an armistice reached, heralding yet another phase during which they didn’t talk about things.
“That will take several hours. If I receive word before my shift is over, I’ll let you know. But we are more likely to hear of it in the morning. We have to share the Bombes with the other huts, and considering that Turing said there’s been a problem there might be a queue.”
John took a sip from his pint. “So far, Sherlock’s not been interested in … well … sex. All those cases have kept him more than occupied, and even case-less I doubt he’d made a move. Not really his area, I’ve come to understand.” He shrugged, then frowned at Lestrade’s steady gaze.
, his phone announced when he had almost reached his destination and he had signal again down below. He grinned broadly. Gosh, Sherlock was really overdoing the dating thing, wasn’t he? Then again he rarely did anything by half.
Molly nods, looking nervous. “I can try. I’m not good at talking like that, to important people, too. I mean, why should he listen to me, a mere clerk.”
“Sherlock, enough!” John interrupted him sternly. The two girls were staring at the detective with bewildered expressions that quickly turned to dismay as his words sank in.
“That we’ll be wasting tax-payers’ money because we forgot to plan ahead and bring some warmer clothes?” Meeting Sherlock’s stern, unyielding gaze, he holds it until his skin begins to prickle and sweat to gather on his hairline. “All right,” he finally relents. “I’ll take this one, then. Happy?”
Sherlock beckons to him to come over and glance over his shoulder. “I managed to draw the traces of her pen’s nib. It seems to have been slightly damaged and scratched the paper’s surface in places. Not all letters could be read that way, as you can see. There was still some guesswork involved as to what they mean. But I am pretty confident this is what she wrote.
Sherlock draws a deep breath. “Because I didn’t want to cause you more pain. You had chosen a life for yourself, seemed reasonably happy with an assassin for a wife and a baby on the way. Why trouble you with my demise when I could make you believe that I was out there being clever and solving exciting cases. Playing Bond, as you called it. In time, I would have dwindled to a – hopefully fond – memory, something to tell your daughter one day when she stumbled across your blog. Your funny detective friend with the silly hat who was out there saving the world.”
“I prefer to eat cake instead of watching it being made on television,” mutters Sherlock with his mouth full of biscuit.
“I’m afraid we can’t help you with equipment since what have and use here is of course geared towards our work. Also, we’re not at liberty to reveal anything about this excavation as it is a highly scientific matter. You understand that we need to keep it secret so as not to attract criminal activity.”
He sat up straighter. “John, I need you to meet Gregson at the Yard and finish the Sommersby case. You were the one he attacked, after all.
“Yes, but you often get situations during a stage where bikes are exchanged. A flat tyre or another defect, a crash. And if you have enough people on the ground to quickly switch a bicycle ... A rider notices a “defect”, stops, helpful bystanders hold on to the bike, there is a bit of a wait until the team car arrives with a spare ... Many of the bystanders have bikes with them. Who’d notice if one of theirs got loaded onto the car instead of the rider’s original one, if they looked identical?”
“I don’t expect any imminent danger here, although I noticed that you did bring your gun, which was prudent. Tricky feat not letting Susan see it when you transferred your stuff from your rucksack into your saddle-bags.”
Also, if he was honest he’d imagined their first time to be different. More deliberate and tender, perhaps. Romantic, too. Not necessarily with candles and stuff, but definitely not a rushed affair with unclear motives on Sherlock’s side, and the clock ticking on John’s.
John feels anger rise in him. “You know what, forget it. Do your thing. It’s all fine. How about we draw a demarcation line through the room so that we each know our place exactly.”
“Severe reconstruction, I would say. The John-wing will have to be extended rather considerably now with several new features.”
All in all, neither the breakaways nor the peloton trundling behind them make any effort to speed up the race. Due to the heat and the fact that a considerable number of riders suffered injuries the previous day, the average speed remains slow. Even on smooth stretches of road it rarely exceeds 40 kmh, while on the
“Well, I’m not going to ride in thin wool trousers, am I? Also, I thought some garments other than a suit might be appropriate in this kind of environment.”
“It’s important to you,” replies Sherlock. “Also, being back at Chanctonbury Ring made me realise that I do, in fact, care about my natural surroundings.”
“I need to know,” declares Sherlock stubbornly. A motorcycle camera-team has stopped next to him and is filming him in close-up now so that his voice can be heard on television.
There’s no shame in that, as long as you keep an eye on the time limit. Since the stage ends with a mountain finish at Plateau-de-Beille, another climb of the highest category, the battle up there will be fierce, not just for the stage win but the double mountain points as well. And don’t forget, there’s another difficult mountain stage the day after. So save some energy for that one, too.”
“Dovedale, somewhere between Ambleside and Glenridding. Or, to use the classification by Alfred Wainwright, in the Eastern Fells.”
back in here so that I can practise my newly acquired skills in pleasuring you, and you get another opportunity to convince me of the wickedness of your tongue.”
“Sherlock, are you sure we saw this mysterious chapel we’re going to from the Télégraphe yesterday?” he asked when Sherlock joined him. “Because if you ask me, the church tower we saw was that of Beaune, the one right over there. Meaning the chapel is somewhere up there hidden in the forest, if it even exists anymore and isn’t a ruin. I read on the internet that some of the villages further up are deserted.
“Yes. Perhaps not the full-on penetration thing, but something that involves more kissing and some mutual exploration and touching would be acceptable. Don’t you think?”
“Yes, that’s the point. Nice quiet spot for a murder, or so the murderer described his choice of locations.”
Sherlock glares at him. “As I told you before, it has been serious for years. Only the circumstances are new.”
Sherlock sighs. He loathes bureaucracy in all its numerous manifestations, and avoids having to deal with it whenever he can. But in this case, he knows he must submit. “Yes, all right,” he agrees.
“I saw some hives on the border of the property, he had beeswax stains on his shoes – probably from making candles – and he had the picture of
Sherlock sniffed, looking embarrassed. “How would you know? According to my knowledge, you’ve never been proposed to before, nor done the thing yourself. And what was weird about it? I was just describing some advantages of getting married which you should consider.” A thought struck him. “Was it lacking the romantic aspect? Kneeling and all that?”
people will be attentive. I want to bring Moran down, and make sure that Jenny is avenged, and remembered for the hero she was. And I will need your help with that. Therefore, stay out of the spotlight, perhaps get yourself a fake girlfriend, and keep down the burning looks when you and your man are in the same room together so that somehow, you may keep what Jenny and I could not.’”
John’s look is answer enough. “Just once,” he says, quickly, as if admitting something dark and shameful which he wants to get out and be done with. Sherlock does not see it that way, although he does feel another stab of jealousy at the confession. “Some time after Mary died. I .... sort of ... I wanted to know what it was like. I felt so guilty about everything. I mean, I had cheated on her with James, to a degree. At least that’s what I considered it to have been. Because of that kiss. And because the way I felt about him. I was wondering whether I was really attracted to men or if it had just been James. So when I was at medical college I was out with friends one night and we had a few drinks. There was this one chap who was extremely charming and rather handsome. One of the others knew him. For some strange reason, he seemed rather taken with me, and I liked him, too, and one thing led to another – you know what it’s like.”
“Yes. I’ve eaten almost half of said batch myself and am feeling fine. And I kept meticulous records of what went into each batch. I suspect the woman did indeed intend to poison her partner by using large amounts of nutmeg in her recipe, which caused a reaction of the myristicin and elemicin in the spice with her husband’s anxiety medication. I experimented with different amounts of nutmeg, but also with more ordinary poisons.”
John went off in search of Sherlock and Otaktay. He found them in the room Otaktay used when he stayed with them briefly. Both men looked up when John entered.
Lestrade shrugged. “I’m human, touching her wouldn’t have served a purpose. And I called Rayne over because I know she has a gift and maybe she could’ve picked something up. But I can also see Rayne really doesn’t like this woman and I would like to sleep in my own bed tonight, so...”
John looked at Sherlock and disbelief, he’d done it. He finally did it. “I could kiss you right now!” John blurted out instantly mortified.
Sherlock looked at John reading the paper as he always did and he was struck with the normality of their current actions. Nothing had changed with the kiss, John still ate breakfast every morning while reading the paper. And Sherlock still joined him rather he was eating or not. Things were exactly the same. Except they weren’t. In Sherlock’s eyes, things had changed drastically. He felt like if they were to walk outside right this instance everyone would be able to look at them and tell. “John,”
Sherlock tensed because he sensed John’s next words were the reason for his own unease with the dream.
Sherlock crushed his mouth to John’s and rolled them so he was on top. He settled his legs so that he was straddling John’s hips. Sherlock sat up while holding John’s hands above his head. “Are you telling me you don’t want this?” Sherlock ground his hips down to punctuate exactly what he meant. He moaned with the action that ended with a smile when John tried to get loose. Opening his eyes he stared into John’s eyes, “Tell me what you want John.”
When they made it to his room, Fíona was sitting on the bed holding his hand. She looked up at them. “I have drawn you a bag of my blood for Mansi it'll help her body heal quicker. You saw how weak she is.”
When Mycroft saw them approaching he rushed over to the two them. “Can’t you to act like adults for once?”
John looked at Sherlock and could see his brilliant detective was shutting down, panicking internally, unsure about the situation. He stepped closer, and it took everything in him to say his next words, "Sherlock, no doubt your brother set all of this up, and if you do not wish to go through with this- we don't- we don't have to. But I would be honoured beyond belief if you would have me."
Sherlock glowered at him but shrugged off the shock blanket as he was told, accepting his clothes and locking himself inside the cubicle. John tried and failed to erase the image of his flatmate's transparent shirt clinging to his chest from his mind and leaned back against the wall, closing his eyes in exhaustion. It had been a long day and an even longer night, he hadn't gotten a wink of sleep since Sherlock had roused him at five in the morning and he was both tired and hungry. And maybe also a bit horny, which was not at all helped by the sound of wet clothing being peeled off a body and Sherlock's occasional grunts as he struggled to get out of the clingy material.
An interesting fact for the scientifically-minded: A fully grown tiger can kill a human being with a single pounce.
"That was rather the point," he managed to say once he remembered how vocal chords worked. "I was trying to be Silent, remember?"
Once, they had chased a murderer onto a freight train laden with coal. He would never forget the moment when Sherlock had been balancing on the edge of one of the carriages, chunks of coal in each hand his only defence against a criminal armed with a lead pipe and willing to use it.
John stared at him in wide-eyed horror. What was he supposed to say to that? Clearly there was only one logical response.
He steps into the flat and Sally pulls the door shut behind her, then takes the stairs at a deliberately normal pace so as not to appear like she is fleeing. She totally is, though, and she walks right into Mrs Hudson's flat, closes the door behind herself and sags against it, burying her face in her hands.
It didn't, of course. In fact, John didn't even get close to accomplishing his goal because somewhere in between him approaching the bed and reaching for the sheets, Sherlock turned into an octopus of some sort. In short, John ended up exactly where he had been before - lying on the bed with Sherlock hovering above him. Decidedly where he should
Molly shook her head. "If it had been, we would not be able to see it so clearly. If it doesn't dilute in water to the point of being unnoticeable, it will be detected."
"It means that his ability to hold mental conversations is basically unlimited by distance. He could also invade the thoughts of other Psy and humans and, if he really made an effort, shatter the natural shields that protect changeling minds. Unfortunately, such an undertaking would leave the changeling in question either brain-damaged or quite possibly simply dead, and therefore useless to him. Nevertheless, it is best not to irk him."
John's hands and mouth were on his skin and Sherlock felt about ready to implode. How long had he been waiting, hoping, wishing for this?
He straightened and took two large steps back, privately satisfied to see Sherlock sway forward. "But I'll respect your wish for distance. All you had to do was ask."
It was too late for him, of course. He had already broken all the rules. But while he had in fact broken Silence just as he had told John, he still held on to part of it. The pain triggers left by the conditioning were still embedded in his mind, carefully set up to act as buffers. It was a delicate tightrope act, this balance between his control over his TK and the wave of sentiment that kept crashing over him whenever John so much as looked in his direction.
"You really should bark Morse code," Sherlock muttered, finally following him. "This is going to be very tedious indeed."
The more time she spends on the case, the less likely it appears that she will ever find even a shred of evidence. Whoever 'Mary Morstan' really is, she knows how to hide her tracks.
Now, though ... well. Sherlock was many things, but mostly he was fixated on his work and his bedroom window allowed access to the fire escape. No sane person would consider leaving the house in this kind of weather, but Sherlock had never made any claims to sanity and John could easily spend hours listing all the hair-raisingly dangerous things his friend had gotten up to over the course of their friendship.
"Apology accepted," Sherlock translated, not quite able to hide his grin as Lestrade pulled his hand away with a disgusted "Oi!".
They shared a grimace. Leicester Square was notoriously full of people, mostly tourists. But John was quickly distracted because Sherlock had expressed annoyance and dismay in an obvious facial expression, which was new. His mask of Silence had obvious cracks now. And if John could see them, so would others.
He frowned. That didn't seem correct. It was true in the strictest biological sense of cause and effect but Sherlock suspected it would be much like the impact the death of a bee would have on a flower. A sudden loss of an important part of his ecosystem, a gradual decline with far-reaching consequences, culminating in Sherlock's untimely death at the hands of a criminal or his own unbearable boredom.
"Ah yes. No tea for you for a while, I'm afraid," Sherlock said, filling the bowl with water and putting it on the floor by the entryway to the kitchen before filling the food bowl with pellets. "There you go. I hope this is the correct amount, but given your size and approximate weight, this should be sufficient."
John stood staring at the closed bathroom door and wished he knew what to do next. Every cell in his body wanted to walk in there, make Sherlock sit down and examine his back to take in the full extent of his injuries. To run his hands over every single scar and make sure they were healing all right.
On the few previous occasions his transport had let him down in such a manner, he had been able to deal with the problem quickly and efficiently and without John noticing anything amiss, but as it was there was simply no way of hiding this from him.
They reached the crime scene just as the twenty minutes Sherlock had promised Lestrade were up, and the DI hurried forward to greet them. "Sherlock! That was quick." He spared a glance down at John. "And I see you brought company." He held out a hand for John to sniff, ignoring the way Sherlock's eyebrows rose in surprise at the display of acting skill.
His ears perked up as Sherlock turned to look at him, another demonstration of his uncanny ability to know when John was thinking of him.
Sherlock shrugged. "A couple of cigarette buds. One of the kitchen staff comes out for regular smoke breaks. Nothing even remotely connected to our case, I'm afraid."
Liam tapped a finger against his bottom lip thinking. “Honestly doll, I think both, but less about jealousy if that makes any sense. I didn’t want him to touch her because he’s mine. But at the same time, I felt convinced that if he touched her she could harm him.”
Excitedly Sherlock turned fully to face the other man, placing a hand on his forearm. “Exactly! Oh, what I wouldn’t give for some help on my cases. By someone who sees and observes, or at the very least pays attention.”
John looked at Otaktay. He was lying, he wasn’t sure how he knew, he just did. But why would Otaktay lie?
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock's middle and pressed his cheek against his back. “Yes, but I’ve been making bold moves all night, wouldn’t you say?”
“I don’t know if I have that luxury Liam. And we still don’t even know what has happened to Samantha.”
Sherlock was dismayed to see the man hurry off in a panic. He wasn’t quite sure what the issue was, people hooked up every day. Oh! Unless...Sherlock made his way back to the street slowly. Maybe the man had been there simply for the drink, not the company, it was possible that maybe he wasn’t gay? Or maybe he had a significant other. Sherlock stuck a hand in his pocket pulling the other man’s wallet out. Opening it he saw that the man’s name was John Watson and he actually lived rather close to Sherlock, only a couple of blocks over. Sherlock absently ran his fingers over his lips as he stared down at John’s licence picture. He was very handsome, and Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to feel bad about kissing him. Even if the man was strictly straight he had enjoyed and responded to his kiss.
Once Mycroft was off to his fitting Sherlock crept out of his room and back into the sitting room, leaning against the wall he asked, "He's gone then?"
"I am sorry John, I played you both right from the start, it was necessary for you both to believe that I really intended to marry you John. It was the only way you two would get your act together and realise you are crazy about one another."
John walked into the kitchen and stopped short. What on earth? On the table was a red tablecloth overlaid with a white knitted table runner. There were red rose petals scattered about the table. Two place settings with covered dishes, and in the center of the table was a platter with a human heart displayed with a taper candle on either side and two red long stem roses in a thin beaker.
Sherlock felt there was more, “How were you able to tell that was his eye? A lot of people have blue eyes.”
She sniffled some more and Sherlock rolled his eyes as John climbed across the bed to reach her. Pulling her in his arms he rocked her gently, running a hand up and down her back. "Tell me what's wrong."
Take Sherlock’s hand John started for the Council’s quarters. “Come on love, let's go heal our brood.”
John was slightly taken aback by Sherlock’s actions and words, it touched him that a man who had just only met him and had only known Rosie for a brief few months would care enough to try and comfort him. He covered Sherlock’s hand with his own. “Thank you, Sherlock. I-”
Sherlock scooted closer to Sherlock on the bed’s edge where they sat, their thighs brushing, knees bumping, Sherlock placed a comforting hand on John’s forearm. “What is it John? Just say it.”
He asked instead, “Walk with me?” He watched the man discreetly glance at his watch and mentally debate. Taking the option out of the man’s hands before he could decline, Sherlock hooked his hand around the man’s bicep and started walking, the man had no choice, either start walking or make a scene.
Breathlessly they pulled apart a few minutes later, staring at one another. “You can take the bathroom, Sherlock.”
Sherlock wrapped both arms around John and John settled firmly between his legs, capturing his mouth again in a desperate kiss.
John gave Mycroft a sympathetic smile, placing a hand on his knee. "Were you thinking of Greg again?"
John stood up and draped what remained of the fur blanket over Sherlock’s shoulders mindful of the fire next to him. He placed a quick kiss to the top of Sherlock's head, “I’ll be back.”
Sherlock ticked off reasons on his fingers, “You recognised the M without me telling you. The rhyme said ‘My one true match’. The bloke in the photo looks like you. The photo of us- I still don’t see how that’s disturbing. And you want to talk about the case. You never want to talk about the case this early in.”
“Please, call me Fíona, only my husband insist that I be called Eve or Eva. He can be so dramatic sometimes.”
Finally looking up at Alasdair, Sherlock barely shook now but his eyes glittered and shown with his power. “You may be the “All Father” of vampires but you are a newcomer to our happy little circle. Do
John smiled. Both of the Holmes boys always acted as if they were seriously put out by their mother, but he knew for a fact that it was only an act and both of the men adored their mother and would do anything for her.
Mycroft's phone went off, it was the one for his job with the British government. Looking at the message received Mycroft sighed and walked over to Liam. “I have to go.” He leaned down as Liam tipped his face up. Mycroft kissed Liam thoroughly and when he pulled away he rested his forehead briefly against Liam’s. “I miss you.”
to go with them and if they turned her down she was to come back here. She hasn’t returned so she must’ve gone with them.”
As if reading his mind Hyde said, “She’ll be fine. We’ll all be fine. I agree you need a bit of fresh air. Just be careful.”
“Speaking of drama. Now that all of you are here…” John dropped down to one knee producing a simple titanium band. “William Sherlock Scott Holmes, will you marry me?”
Sherlock looked at the phone to make sure they hadn’t been disconnected, they hadn’t. “Lestrade! Did you hear what I said?”
Sherlock took a deep breath, stood up straight. Here it came, the punch to the stomach. John was about to tell him he loved him of course, they were best friends. But he didn’t love him in a romantic sense.
John entered Sherlock's room, it was dark except for the light that trickled in from the hallway. "Sherlock are you okay?"
Sherlock watched John with barely concealed amusement. When he’d asked John to come skating with him, he’d assumed John knew how to skate. Instead, here they were in the middle of a rink and John was struggling to keep his balance.
“So the dark mother is sending this vampire out to scout for her? How would she even know where to find us?” Liam asked.
ever made vampire.” Alasdair ran a hand through his long rust colored hair. He sat down hard on the couch, he looked at the scorch mark and smiled briefly before falling back into a sulk. “I don’t know why she turned so blood thirsty whereas I remained the same. After my initial bloodlust subsided I was the same person I had always been, but she- she lived for the hunt, for causing pain.”
John continued to the beanstalk with Sherlock close behind. When they reached the beanstalk John set to work. He sat the chair down he had brought along with a bundle of kindling he grabbed out front of his house.
Right on cue, there was heavy knocking on the door. John rolled out of bed to answer. Opening the door he saw it was Mycroft.
“Simple. He doesn’t have time to babysit them. He wants to keep the game moving. If we don’t find them they die. If we do find them they may still die. He doesn’t care. Regardless, there will still be another box under the tree tomorrow.”
John cried out Sherlock’s name as he came, spilling his seed deep inside him. He was barely aware of Sherlock's orgasm on the heels of his own, or Sherlock wrapping his arms around him tightly whispering to him in French.
Sighing John let his fingertips play in the curls at the back of Sherlock’s head as he guided him down to meet his lips. He’d only meant to brush their lips together briefly, a perfectly chaste kiss to say ‘see you later’. But the moment Sherlock sighed against him, John felt like a wildfire had taken hold of his body.
“I’ve only done this with Sherlock and Otaktay, I am familiar with their bodies.” Realising how that sounded John blushed.
When John stood up from the boulder he was sitting on; he looked down at himself and saw that he had clothes on similar to Otaktay. He faced the medicine man and pulled him into a tight embrace. “I miss you so much.” Otaktay wrapped his sun-warmed arms around him, while they hung on to each other for an indeterminate amount of time.
John continued to visit with Mansi every day calling to her small spirit, and Delma continued to do so as well.
“Well, I didn’t prepare it per se, but I instructed them what I wanted and how to make it happen. And yes, if you feel obliged, I would like to have a dance later. Would you fancy a bit of music now?”
“Come’on now John. I can see none of y’all like me. Some of ya are right down hostile. Who in their right mind would want to stay here?”
“Ah, so now I understand your hesitation, you’ve kept in touch with him then. Don't worry, we’ll get him back John.”
Otaktay held his head down not making eye contact with anyone. “Like Sherlock, I am uncertain of what I saw.”
Rayne had moved in with Lestrade, adjusting to life as a human was hard enough, but factoring in the fact that her psychic abilities had seemed to skyrocket in the process didn’t help. She was having to learn how to cope, Liam was helping her learn how to shield and harness her abilities much like he'd done for John.
John watched as Sherlock lay down and pulled the blanket over him, openly dismissing him. Saddened by the dismissal, John closed Sherlock's door and went off to his own room.
Sherlock was snapping photos of the box with John’s camera phone. He made sure to get the box from every angle and to get close-ups of the interior of the box as well. Sliding the phone into his trouser pocket he retrieved a garbage bag and passed it to Lestrade. “Here you go, collect your evidence and then be on your way. I need to figure this out.”
Sherlock watched John. He was deep in thought. They needed to discuss this, he’d told Rosie they would, he would always keep his promise. “John.”
“Oh don’t be so dramatic Sherlock. I keep you safe. I keep you fed. And I bring you back supplies all the time to keep you entertained and so you have items your size. I treat you well for you to be my slave.”
Over Rosie’s head, John mouthed the words thank you. She needed reassurance from Sherlock, not him. But her words haunted him “...and dada marries somebody else…” Sherlock’s words jogged him out of his introspection.
“Not exactly. I never actually said anything, but my face must’ve told him I was not inclined to accept.”
“I don’t know really. I only know he can see into a judge's soul and if they are found wanting he can remove their powers.”
John nodded his head and looked at Sherlock. He knew Sherlock knew this was coming and he hoped he had given it thought as well and answered honestly. Whatever answer he gave, John would find a solution for all of them.
“No.” John’s tone brooked no argument but Hyde ignored it and continued on in his questioning. “Why? What happened? You’re just going to let him waste away in his room?”
John nodded his head and turned to leave, “We convene back in here in 3 hours. We’ll try again.” Mycroft was standing outside the room when they exited. “Help Liam to bed please.” Forgetting his manners Mycroft pushed past those exiting the room.
John stood up quickly as she started to walk away. “Fíona! Tell me something that will confirm that you are telling me the truth and not your husband.”
Sighing John couldn’t deny how content he was in the moment. In the back of his mind he knew he needed to give Sherlock time to acclimate himself to being a part of a couple, and hopefully, perhaps slowly he would open up more and allow John closer. But, at the same time, John felt impatient. He’d waited so long to be with Sherlock, now that the chance was here he just wanted to jump in doing all the things he had only dreamed about before. Logically he knew if he pushed, Sherlock would most likely retreat and he’d lose him. But it stung when Sherlock seemed to reject him, like earlier when he’d offered to hold him. Yet Sherlock was now in his bed cuddling, what was he supposed to think? He might get whiplash dating Sherlock Holmes.
John closed his eyes and pictured he was back home in bed next to Sherlock. A moment later John bolted up in the bed, Sherlock was already awake and reaching for him.
Samantha gasped and recoiled as if she was  frightened of Rayne. “Why? What did I do? I don’t even know you.”
Coming back to himself, the first thing John became aware of was that Sherlock was still humming and holding him. John tapped Sherlock's leg, signalling for him to let him go.
“Well, I know the door, Sherlock. But it doesn’t look like it was jimmied or broken. Does anyone else have a key?”
John’s heart went out to the stranger, to never know human kindness or love. “Thank you for keeping my Rosie safe. I am assuming this is where she has been running off to when I’m working on the farm. I’m John.” John held out his hand to the other man. When Sherlock took his hand in his he was struck by how soft his hands were. Looking at the man John was overcome with the desire to get to know this man.
Sherlock holds him more tightly. “Shut up, John. I hope we deserve each other, and that’s it. As long as you’ll stay, we’re good.”
John has noticed Sherlock’s hungry look, because he pushes the biscuits in front of him. “I’m working, John,” he resists feebly.
Apart from the fact that the dead man’s face looked pale and the way his body was slumped against the stack very relaxed, there seemed nothing wrong with him. Just a bloke taking a break. Around him, more flowers could be seen, as well as greens, water buckets and pieces of wrapping material. The photo appeared to have been taken in an out-of-the-way corner of a large hall lit by bright halogen lights.
“Perhaps. If it’s convenient. I could have ended up with much worse, don’t you think? The likes of Sebastian Moran come to mind.”
The two girls exchange a look, then glance at the coins in their hands. “Those are going to buy a lot of flowers,” muses the older.
“Ah, so you’re an expert in that field,” teases Sherlock, surprised by how good it feels to make jokes with his uptight brother.
When the two constables and Sherlock had left, John rose and stretched carefully. Katie, Mrs. Brown and the three girls had begun to gather together the grooming utensils and empty canisters.
Jan seems hungry, and after the first bite into his scone, Sherlock notices how hungry he is, too. Jan tries everything offered and seems to enjoy it. The glass bottle fascinates him. Once he has emptied it, he holds it up to the light and watches the sunlight reflect in it. Once again, Sherlock wonders where he is from that he doesn’t know ordinary things like bottles and toilet-paper.
“Still trying to catch up, riding the Shad Sanderson train,” replies John between sips from his bottle. The warm electrolyte drink does nothing to quench his thirst. Silently, he curses his tired, burning legs. “I’m out of water. Where are you, Sam?”
“Something good’s come out of it,” says Mr. Llewellyn with a grin, indicating the garden. “They’ve decided they want more plants again instead of all those stones.”
“He’d been informed by Kenworthy himself, apparently. He hadn’t been given our names, was told only that two men from Bletchley had a look through the archive. I did mention that it’d been us, but he didn’t seem to want to know any details about what had been looked at, anyway. I assume Kenworthy only informed him about the visit in general, but knowing that our names would be in their log books, anyway, I didn’t think I should lie to him.”
Ah, and there it is. The spark. It’s there. Sherlock is delighted, delighted and relieved. He lowers his hands and leans forward, fixing John with a keen gaze. “Can you get leave from work tomorrow? Might need the rest of the week, too, depending on how the case develops.”
“They were in German. Something about love, and a lady from Shanghai. Jenny had a lovely voice and could carry a tune very well,” she adds, swallowing and then reaching for her drink, apparently to hide her sad expression. Sherlock hears her sniff softly.
A text chimes. Sherlock’s old Blackberry vibrates in the breast pocket of his jacket, making Sherlock jump in surprise and nearly drop the books. It’s a message from Lestrade about the green ladder case. With all the resets messing up his timeline, Sherlock had almost forgotten about it. He writes back, and also tells Lestrade that from this evening onwards, he will be found at 221B Baker Street.
Sherlock is at a loss for a witty reply. Here he is standing with his hand still resting lightly on John’s shoulder. John doesn’t seem to mind. Neither does Sherlock.
“To this day, I’m not sure about how I felt. I do miss him, though. These past few days have brought back a lot of memories, both happy and sad. In a way, you remind me of him because you’re so confident at times, so brilliant at what you do. And you’re so very human at others.”
Sherlock studied him. “You’re the expert, I’d say, having perfected your poisoning skills over the past few months. You’re in big trouble – Mr. Hutchinson, I recommend you alert the police (they may already be on their way because of the grave robbery case), and you, Mrs. Carey, inform the Millers and tell them to come over. Dr. Hensley, did you find any wounds on the animal’s body?”
Remembering the other instance Sherlock had been compromised by a canine, he enquired. “What happened back in Cambridge when you were assailed by the dog? You said the owner was keen to make amends. You got to know him, then?”
“Moran seems to have a soft spot for those – tigers, not oligarchs –, albeit big cats and other challenging game are not the only thing he hunts,” nodded Mycroft who had watched their moment of banter with a delicately raised eyebrow. “He was born in Kingston, Jamaica, and was educated at Eaton.”
They sit like this for a moment before John clears his throat. “Good for Baskerville winning today’s stage, but Moriarty and his team are still in the lead. And unless you or one of the other GC hopefuls pull something big out of your helmets on Saturday – or Jimmy crashes tomorrow or on Friday – he’ll wear yellow in Paris. I hate the thought. Anybody but him, really.”
“Which isn’t food. Moreover, the case is solved. I think your body can handle digestion and thinking at the same time for now.”
“That you are,” said John gently. “I expected nothing else from you, genius. Come on, let’s try and get some sleep. We have to be up early tomorrow to catch our train because if we miss it, I’m sure Lestrade will suffer a stroke and you’ll have a fit because you return late for your case.”
John nods, lying down next to him. “Not much is going to change today, I believe. It’s bound to get hot again, and although the stage is mostly flat on paper, it does have four cat. 4 climbs. I hope we won’t have to work too hard for Stephen, though. If we’re lucky, it’ll be another stage for a breakaway. That’d be ideal, really: them springing away early and gaining enough of a lead for the rest of us to take things slow and let them fight for the stage win, like yesterday. That way, we can lie low, and you can recover a bit before tomorrow. Also, the landscape is bound to be quite lovely. I like this area, and not just for the food.”
John looks at him gravely. “Yes, they did,” he admits quietly. “I’m not proud of it, but I can get a bit possessive at times. Just so you know.”
“In self-defence, Mrs. Northam. Just ... forget about everything. The coroner’s report isn’t clear. We can easily rule it an accidental death. Mr. Holmes here is a trusted consultant, as is Dr. Watson. They will happily confirm the verdict, should there be a court case. I’m not allowed to say so in my capacity as a Detective Chief Inspector of Scotland Yard, but as a man who has had to investigate a lot of domestic murders, mostly of men killing women, I agree with you: good riddance. Some men deserve what comes to them for treating their women like dirt. So ... merry Christmas, Mrs. Northam, and a happy new year.”
Once again thank you to all those who are following the story and braved the cliffhanger in the last chapter. I hope this one makes up for the wait. A big thank you goes, as always, to my brilliant beta rifleman_s.
He glances up at Sherlock and grins broadly, and Sherlock can’t help grinning as well. Suddenly, the thought of confessing his undying love to John doesn’t seem as scary as it did a mere moment ago. After all, this is John, his best friend, who has stated his love for Sherlock before. John, who promised him to stay. John won’t desert him if he learns of Sherlock’s chemical defect. He may not be similarly affected, or not to the same degree, but that doesn’t mean that he’s going to pack his bags and leave. After all, it was he who insisted on sharing the bed.
So concentrated on his case is he that he pays no attention to his surroundings, and much less to the passage of time. Therefore, he is somewhat surprised when next he stirs to stretch his tense shoulder and back muscles and finds the clock on the wall announce that it is a quarter to midnight. Around him, people are getting ready for the end of their shift. John, unperturbed by the increasing movement in the room, appears to have dozed off, his head supported by his right arm, his hand cupping his face.
“I’m not sure it’s a rifle. The noise of the machines will have chased away all potential game, so it’s unlikely they’re here for hunting. Let’s have a look what they’re really up to.”
“Heck, I don’t know. How should I know? If I were to guess, I’d say stuff like emotional stress. The business with your parents, or your refusal to deal with a situation like with your brother. Tactics of evasion and distraction, basically. Before there was me you seemed to have had other ways of coping.”
Sherlock feels blood rush into his cheeks at his brother’s blunt words. Next to him, John seems to have inhaled a good deal of his tea and is coughing and sneezing rather pitifully. His face, too, is flushed, and he avoids looking at both Sherlock and Mycroft.
“Right. And now piss off, you two. Since I won’t have to drive tomorrow, I can finally have a beer or two tonight.”
“Oh yes, help yourself. You’ve been mostly living on sweets and pastries these past days, haven’t you? Yes, take the apples, and a peach for each of you, too,” she adds, and as usual when she refers to Jan, for a brief moment Sherlock sees that odd, thoughtful expression.
John spots a bench nearby and makes his way over, sinking down and leaning back, closing his eyes for a moment and breathing deeply.
Thinking of bottles, John realises how thirsty he is again. He has brought a bottle, but it’s empty already. Planning to doing the eco-friendly thing for once and simply have it refilled at one of the bars, he heads toward a door, only to notice that it’s blocked by Victor Trevor – and Sherlock Holmes. They look as if they’ve just run into each other accidentally. Sherlock is trying to squeeze past Trevor who has turned towards the bar, following the call of some of his teammates sitting there. When Trevor becomes aware of Sherlock, he freezes momentarily, before assuming a haughty expression. He’s taller than Sherlock, and by pulling himself up and standing very straight, he manages to look down on the other. John halts where he is, apparently unnoticed by either of the two, and watches.
Sherlock gave him a broad, smug grin as he flopped down on the chair. “Just a few things about the fellow.”
The cat stretches lazily when he enters, and yawns. “Hello, Hattie,” he greets her, stooping to briefly scratch her chin and ears. She purrs for a moment, licks his hand once, then stands and with the haughty gaze of a queen surveying her unworthy minion, she jumps down from the bed and stalks off.
The part of his mind not revelling in the rush of the chase dimly registered someone calling his name. Sherlock voice, growing steadily fainter. John shut him out. He’d already had his bit of hunting, or being hunted. At least he’d been allowed to gallop his horse like a madman over the heath and enjoy the thrill. Now it was John’s turn. He felt entitled to a bit of action after all the waiting and worrying, not just of today but the entire week ever since Sherlock had returned from Switzerland, tense and unhappy. John felt elated as he raced along the track, trusting in Tjálga surefootedness to carry him safely over stick and stone. The mare seemed to instinctively know where to place her hooves so as not to stumble or fall, and only occasionally John felt a jolt when she slipped slightly or stepped into a hidden dip or hole. Moreover she seemed to be enjoying the chase, too, not needing any further encouragement but racing on her own accord. John had almost forgotten about his prey, despite making constantly good on the quad and its desperate driver. For now, it was just the horse and he, and speed and the rush of wind in his ears and in his face, and the heavy breathing of the steed under him.
John hears him rummage some more before, finally, a small bag in his hands, he leaves the room, shutting the door behind him with a clang. John exhales shakily, cursing himself for being so obviously affected by Sherlock’s proximity. There is no way in hell a man as perceptive as Sherlock hasn’t noticed his arousal. They wait until Fratelli’s footsteps have receded before John bursts out of the wardrobe, running a hand through his sweaty hair, thoroughly glad about his loose-fitting jersey as it hides his crotch. Sherlock follows more slowly, adjusting the straps of his backpack. His cheeks are flushed and he is avoiding John’s eyes.
Their conversation in the bunker came to mind as soon as awareness of the new development seeped through his still sleep-sluggish brain, which didn’t improve his situation but rather caused an averse reaction. He tried to distract himself by thinking about the case, attempting to figure out what had bothered him about it the previous evening and to recapture the vague idea he’d had of having picked up some vital information but not been able to place it. The strategy didn’t help, though. Whenever he forced himself to think about the case, the image of Sherlock saying something brilliant came up, and the rush of heat into John’s nether regions increased.
“Do spare me the lurid details, Dr. Watson.” He lets out a breath. “Do you believe there is reason for concern? You know how Sherlock gets when he is truly fascinated by a case.”
Mycroft was standing at the fireplace and idly poking at a piece of charred wood that had escaped it with the tip of his umbrella. John saw that Sherlock had been right. Mrs. Hudson had indeed been round and provided the British Government with tea and biscuits. Only the former, however, had been partaken of since the plate was still full.
“Sir, would you please let us help you? Your wife called us because she is worried about you.” One of the paramedics, obviously, trying to remain patient. “Please return inside and calm down.”
“I can always ask the band to play it again, although I might not have to. It seems to have been incredibly popular. They might play it once more anyway. Oh, there’s Mary and John. Gosh, look at him. Your doctor looks ready for a bath.”
“Yes. The DNA-sample matched what they have on record. He was already registered for fraught and minor theft. He changed his appearance considerably since his photographs were last taken at a police investigation, but the face-recognition still worked.”
“Ah, you are true saviours,” Sherlock greets them, smiling at them in what he hopes is a sweet fashion. “My friend here and I are gasping for a smoke.”
John climbed on the bed and laid on his side facing Rosie. He felt the bed dip down as Sherlock got in the bed beside him. His pulse quickened and he had a desire to turn and face the other man, wrap his arms around his middle and look into his eyes. John shook his head what on earth had gotten into him?
“Moriarty. He doesn’t allow me to use his name. I am only allowed to call him daddy or your highness. He is obviously neither. But he told me my mother gave me to him to spare her own life. I took her place as his servant.”
“The latter. I will tell you more after you have woken all your people, you’ll need them. Even the Unhcegila.”
John exited the bathroom finally sated. He had a warm flannel to clean Sherlock, he saw that he was asleep and debated on waiting. Instead he rolled him over and cleaned him quickly and efficiently, Sherlock mumbled something but did not wake up.
John watched as Sherlock stroked himself once, twice and then he was on the bed halting Sherlock’s hand. “We just got cleaned up, and I’ve almost used all my lotion on you. Another shower and you most certainly will be all pruney and dry.” John tried to reason his voice going husky.
“I just want things to stay the same between John and me, but I want to be able to kiss him and hold his hand whenever I feel like it.”
Alasdair walked right over to Sherlock, John and Liam stepped in front of the vampire. Raising his hands Alasdair stopped walking, “I mean no harm, and I apologize for my earlier behavior.”
“Well it’s settled. We’ll have ourselves a little date night. I don’t believe we’ve ever actually gone on a date, John.”
Sherlock moaned into the kiss and held on to John for dear life. He felt like the world was tilting beneath him, and he was falling; if he was falling to his death he could think of no better way.
John smiled over at Sherlock, “Was there two pictures? ‘Cause I recall you telling a certain detective there had only been one picture.”
“It was very strange. After I called the magic to me Samantha looked blurry and out of focus. When Sherlock took my hand she still looked out of focus but it was clearer, almost like static on the telly. It almost felt like I could see another face beneath hers or maybe even like a ghost was hovering around her.” John shook his head and looked at his hands thinking.
Alasdair walked in a tight circle, lightly pulling on his hair, this seemed to be a nervous habit of his. “I don’t get it. I sense no life from Mansi yet her body remains.”
Sherlock took several silent breaths to steady himself and then he gathered Otaktay close, his back against his own front.
Sherlock kissed John back. Their lips brushing one another, their tongues charging forth and retreating in a timid game of tag.
He had thought Sherlock was lost to him, and then, he’d turned up at the restaurant,  interrupting his proposal to Mary, all he could think about was Sherlock's words,
“John,” Sherlock spoke his name quietly as he held out a hand. John smiled as he took Sherlock’s hand and placed a kiss on the back of it before rereleasing it. Kneeling at the foot of Sherlock’s bed he captured the taller man’s ankle in his hand.
Otaktay stepped into the house and pulled Sherlock into a loose hug. “I’ve missed you as well Sherlock.” Seeing Liam and Mycroft on the couch Otaktay smiled and went further into the house, hugging Liam while Mycroft stared at him.
John looked at Rosie, he hadn’t yet told her they wouldn’t be able to visit for a while. He had been putting that off as well. Rosie smiled at him, that should have warned him, his little girl smiling and looking at him out of a face so similar to Mary’s. “Dada, can Sherlock come live with us? That way he could be my second dada, I could call him papa and we wouldn’t have to visit when it was cold and we could all be a family. Together. At home.” John felt like the floor had fallen from beneath him. His little girl couldn’t know what she asked. He looked to Sherlock to gauge the man’s reaction. Sherlock’s mouth was pinched closed in a thin line, but there was a hint of a smile there as he looked at Rosie, but John also thought he saw a sadness in the man’s eyes.
The next day John made his second rounds a bit early, checking in with everyone one in the council and an attempt to once again reach Mansi. He’d decided he would try to speak with Otaktay again when he got home, maybe he would be less tense and cooler heads would prevail.
“Mmm, that sounds kinda hot John. Want to show me what you would’ve done to me with everyone watching?”
Once Sherlock was out of the room John sat on the bed much in the same fashion as Fíona had. But instead of taking his friend's hand he laid down beside him. John closed his eyes and pictured the place he had last seen his friend. It was a beautiful place, the bright red clay of the earth, the vivid blue of the sky and the calming greens of the sparse landscape. John concentrated simultaneously on his surroundings and his breathing. The last time he had been asleep when he had inadvertently reached Otaktay.
John looked at the tree, there wasn’t much to like yet, it was still bare and the only decorative touch was the tree skirt Sherlock had been putting on when he arrived. “It’s great, I’m sure it’ll be really lovely once it is decorated with lights and bulbs.”
John stared at their room with apprehension. This had to be a mistake, this needed to be fixed. Rushing back down the hall he almost ran into Sherlock.
Sherlock could control the wind and water, thus allowing him to create a storm. He could even stop one. Ice and snow weren't beyond his skill in making, but he could not stop a snow storm. He suspected that he could but it would take time because he would have to warm the very air before he could even hope to stop the snow. Maybe with the help of Rosie, he could warm the plant enough to climb down it, but how would he get word to her? He watched the snowfall thoughts window. No, he needed a plan that didn’t involve the small girl. It was freezing outside and she would need to get very close to the plant, maybe even delve her fingers in the ground. He wondered how John and Rosie were doing? John...he missed him terribly. He missed their talks once Rosie was asleep, he missed falling asleep together on the nights they slept over. He even missed the petty arguments they had. Sherlock had once read the book The Alchemist and there was a part when the main character was learning from an alchemist of the desert and that Alchemist had told the main character to get to know his heart, to always listen to it that way his heart could not betray him. And ever since he’d read that Sherlock made sure to listen to his heart so he couldn’t be caught unawares, so he was more than aware of the fact that he loved John, that he was in love with John. It had taken him a while to recognise this with Rosie because he had never experienced love, but once identifying it he was able to anticipate and identify it again with John but he also noticed the differences between his love for Rosie and for John. There were far more similarities than differences, but it was the differences that told him he was in love with John. The biggest and most alarming of these differences was the simple fact that the prospect of not seeing Rosie again made him very sad, but the thought of not seeing John again terrified him. It was a feeling that made him want to spring into action to ensure that he saw John again. Love. It was also a bit scary because what if John only loved him in the sense that Sherlock loved Rosie? He just knew it would destroy him. The thought made his heart stop and blood run cold.
John smiled up at Sherlock. “Don’t. It says in the email that he was off chasing a lead that would prove beneficial to us.”
There was a television on in the corner with the sound turned down, the news was on and they were discussing the case that Sherlock had just closed.Even though he couldn’t hear what they were saying he was sure they were praising the skill and hard work of all those involved in bringing the perpetrator to justice. Sherlock couldn’t help but reflect on the case, sure they knew the who, the how, and the why, and they had a face to put to the crime, but Sherlock knew they hadn’t caught the real mastermind, James Moriarty. Their last several cases all ended the same with their crim confessing and reluctantly selling out the brains behind their crimes. James Moriarty appeared to be a consulting criminal; someone who sold his expertise to anyone willing to pay.
“It is always better to be honest. But I rather be alive than dead. This is hard on me too ya know, holding this shape ain't easy. And I apologize if some of my latent powers are running amuck with you all.”
Sherlock pulled John forward by his shirt collar, “I will do no such thing.” He kissed John tenderly. “I think I could get used to kissing you.”
“She said she didn’t give us anything and she left early this morning to run some errands and she is currently at her girlfriend's playing bridge.” John put his phone back in his pocket. “Call Lestrade, now.”
John had no time to react before Sherlock’s lips were pressed against his for the second time today. Both men kept their hands to their sides, letting only their lips do the caressing.
Sherlock’s eyes snapped open. “Left? What do you mean left?” Sherlock regretted asking the question when he saw the anger and pain in John’s eyes. He just could fathom a mother leaving her child, especially one as precious as Rosie. And John. Why would she leave a man like him? Sherlock didn’t know much about him but he could see he was a good man. Provided for his daughter, a hard worker and kind. Attractive, compassionate.
John chuckled, he could hear the desperation in Sherlock's voice and feel it in the hands that grabbed at him. “Patience Sherlock.”
John kissed Sherlock tenderly as he started moving. Sherlock may be one of the biggest, baddest vampires in London but he was but a man, loosely speaking. He had insecurities and concerns. It broke John’s heart when Sherlock questioned his place in his life.
John placed the ring he had on Sherlock's left hand, and Sherlock did the same for him. Sherlock noticed the ring that should have been for Mycroft was resized to fit his more slender finger. He and John had picked the rings out together. They were untraditional in design, silver and gold entwined to make a single band. It was a lot like them.
"I'm sorry John. That two I got while you were sleeping. I'm ashamed to admit usually after we've had sex. You're too knackered to notice me taking a bit here and there."
John's breath froze in his lungs, what was Sherlock on about? If he wasn't happy about him marrying Mycroft, and he appeared to be downright against the ideal, what was he crying for? "If not Mycroft, then who Sherlock? I'm not getting any younger." John stared at Sherlock wishing the stubborn fool for once would give him something to go on. He knew what he hoped Sherlock meant by all this but did he dare hold on to that hope?
Sherlock watched from the other side of the table. What was it about weddings that made women so bold?
John watched Rosie walk back to her drawing with a smile on her face. He looked at Sherlock and his own tears threatened. This man was amazing. He treated his daughter as if she was his own. And John noticed he treated him as if he hung the moon. John wanted to chalk it up to the fact Sherlock hadn’t known anyone else, but he wouldn’t cheapen this. The feelings were mutual, deny it if they must but John could not would not ignore the small spurt of panic he had when Rosie suggested they might never see Sherlock again. He cared for this man, and the thought of being a proper family, the three of them filled him with a lightness of spirit and joy. But was it even possible?
John approached the men at the door slowly, “Sherlock, how about you invite the man in and explain things to him properly like a human being. Hmm? It's the least you can do. Tossing him out without an explanation is cruel.”
Sherlock stepped into the man, the man was an expert kisser, he kissed like no one’s business and Sherlock wanted the full experience, he wanted to touch every inch of the man before him and be touched by him. He thrust his hands into the man’s jacket, running his hands over his broad chest, he was firm beneath his fingertips. Sherlock moaned into the kiss, this was heaven.
John gave a small smile, “Okay, then let’s prep me.” John moved to lay on his back when Sherlock grasped his bicep.
Sherlock laughed, how could he not, he was happy. “Yes.” He and John stared at each other for a moment.
“Okay, but does it even matter if all of them was in the army or not? We know who they are now.” Greg questioned.
As a writer I am often surprised at the direction my own stories take, they have a mind of their own at times, or so it seems.
There was no reaction no brighter spark, no nothing from the woman he sought to help. Coming back to himself he noticed Sherlock leaning heavily against him. Concern had him turning and pulling his face between his hands and staring him in the eyes. “You alright Sherlock?”
Sherlock looked around to see if anyone was watching them, leaning forward he whispered, “He kissed me.”
John slammed his hand on the counter and the woman jumped, “Sorry, sorry. I know about the wedding, I am here for the bloody wedding." After taking a deep breath John tried again, "Is there nothing you can do? Please.”
Sherlock really had to say he was surprised when the man lifted his own hand up and cradled his face, ever mindful of his injury. Sherlock leaned into the kiss more, parting his lips slightly.
Samantha walked hesitantly back to the couch, sitting on the far end. I’m a Unhcegila, at least half.”
Grasping Sherlock under the thighs he hauled him up, bracing him against the door and with one smooth thrust he was sheathed within his tight, hot body again. John felt insatiable and he could tell Sherlock was close. He had the low breathy moan going on that he normally does when he was close to coming. “Christ I love you. I love being in you. You feel so good Sherlock, hot...tight-”
“Um hi, my name’s Samantha. I was told this is where I could find Judge Watson.” John looked over his shoulder to Liam who shrugged, he opened the door. Standing there was a tall, dirty blond curly haired female. She had light brown eyes, tanned with a vast network of freckles. Her accent and attire said she was an American, most likely from the south.
“Shh, you should have. You always know just the right thing to do to make everything better.” Sherlock whispered the words, afraid to shatter the moment.
“It was Mrs. Hudson and your mother. Apparently they both had the same idea; that seeing your brother getting married would move the two of us to admit our feelings for one another.”
John called more magic to him, and imagining that the light was a healing flame he set the grey trail on fire; watching as the white healing light of the magic ate up the remnants of the evil trial like a fire to a fuse. Once the light died down John inspected Otaktay's mind for any remaining fragments or other dark blots of evil, he appeared to be clear.
When Sherlock started to move again John fell into step, they stopped in front of Rosie who was studiously practising with her eyes closed. Her little face scrunched up in concentration.
Sherlock was just sitting down on the floor of the cage feeling defeated when he saw what looked like a paper aeroplane land beside the door. It took him fifteen minutes of considerable concentration and sheer willpower to use the wind to get it over to him. It was no easy feat.
Lang takes off his hat and scratches his head, letting out a long breath. “Who’d have thought ... so much going on up here in sleepy Buckingham all of a sudden.”
. Nevertheless he tries it on the edge of the newspaper and manages to draw only a scratchy line. “It is,” he says, handing it back.
Sherlock scowls at the dark figure. “I’m afraid he is. My brother and his ilk use every dirty trick in the book to tweak things according to their liking. Exposing a little scandalous behaviour is nothing in comparison what else they could – and would – do to force people to keep in line. Come on. Let’s get this over with as quickly as possible.”
“Yeah, and with riders taking breaks in roadside restaurants where they had a decent meal with a bottle of wine to wash it down.”
What John had not expected was how Sherlock seemed to have reorganised his priorities. Despite working on the case (a series of carefully staged art thefts from some of the city’s major galleries in conjunction with the murder of a security person), he insisted they keep training. Both had cycled frequently prior to the case, mostly in and around London because of work. Some early mornings when traffic had not reached its full brunt saw them racing up Haverstock Hill and past the Heath on to Golder’s Green, or up anything else that went for a hill in London. One case demanded they investigate in the Cotswolds, so they took the bicycles with them.
After taking two hairpin bends by really leaning into them, feeling the sharp wind in his face and the way the bike reacted to the smallest shifts in his posture like it was another part of his body, he had to correct himself. This wasn’t just good, it was utterly brilliant: fast and technically demanding and quite dangerous. The slow uphill plodding forgotten, he released the brakes after yet another turn of the road and shot past Sherlock, excitement and exhilaration taking over.
“It was my fault, what happened in the alley,” puts in John before Sherlock can reply, but Sherlock scoffs.
Sherlock begins to half-heartedly shift some of his possessions from the other room. On the wardrobe he leaves the jar with the mangled toad, one of Hattie’s more recent gifts, just so the new lodger knows what to expect. A quick wash, shave and change of shirt later, Sherlock makes himself a sandwich from the utensils in the larder, but after wolfing it down he’s still hungry and decides to pass by the canteen for a warm meal. His shift is going to last until midnight with only a half hour break in the middle, and he feels that after the exertion he needs more in his stomach than a sandwich and some fruit.
– Sherlock nods. It’s in fact the sensible thing to do, taking her along, because she knows Jennifer’s friends. Moreover, six eyes are likely to see more than four.
John himself won’t be playing a part in the outcome of his stage. He is spent. Slowing down, he looks forward to riding the rest of the graffitied hairpin bends up Port de Pailhères at his own pace, knowing that he will probably manage to catch up with some of the others on the descent, to then find a cosy spot in the
Sherlock gazed at his reflection in the mirror and inclined his head. “Almost every day. It helps me think, or rather, helps me control my thoughts. It gives me peace.”
He went in search of Rosie so he could make their letters into paper aeroplanes. He found her in her bedroom on the floor with her crayons spread out around her. She had drawn a picture of the three of them, Rosie in the middle as always, and she placed a heart in between each person. It was sunny in the picture, their house drew in the background and they all had huge smiles.
John took his hand back and began eating again, his concerns assuaged. The men finished eating making small talk about John’s work at the clinic and Sherlock’s current experiment. And on the way home, they held hands again.
Sadly many times during the planning of this wedding Sherlock had allowed himself to imagine it was he and John who was getting married. It was a bit of fanciful thinking, he'd thought it completely harmless; he now realised how wrong he had been. He couldn't stop his eyes from straying over to John in his military dress uniform, he was understatedly dashing as always. A slight smile playing on his lips like this wasn't some farce of what he really wanted, and could possibly have had. But Sherlock was a coward, and had never opened up to that degree with John, had never let on to the depth of his emotions for his friend. And now he would lose John forever. Oh, they'll remain friends at first, but as Mycroft and John's marriage became more real Sherlock knew their friendship would take a backseat. These thoughts were wrecking havoc on Sherlock's emotional state, he seldom let it be known that he even had an emotional state besides extreme indifference and annoyance, but he feared he was fast falling into a state of panic.
“You know, I never really realised how much you pout when you don’t get your way Sherlock, you’re like a bloody kid.”
Sherlock looked where she pointed. “Yes. But it's dehydrated so no nasty stains on the couch. I’m off Mrs Hudson was there something you needed?”
John kissed and nibbled his way down Sherlock’s lithe body stopping only when he reached the waistband of Sherlock’s pyjamas.
John stared at what he wrote. It wasn’t eloquent. It was straight to the point. But his body insisted on telling Sherlock that he loved him so he left it.
John kissed Sherlock on top of his head and pulled him snug against him. “Get comfortable Sherlock.”
Sherlock frowned, “What?” His voice came out scratchy and he cleared it before speaking again. “What on earth are you on about? Why would you think I’m sick?”
"Yes, you're right."Mycroft stood up and straightened his clothes. "John, I meant what I said the other day. If at any time you change your mind before the wedding just let me know and I will call the whole thing off."
John stood up and turned to Otaktay catching him off guard, he grabbed him behind the neck and pulled him up into a kiss. He kissed him as if he was kissing Sherlock, teasing coaxing. When they pulled apart John realized that Otaktay's hand had found itself in his hair. He held eye contact with Otaktay. It just wasn't there. He had to imagine he was kissing Sherlock to keep kissing him.
“Well, we haven’t had much activity out of the vamps since word got out about the cure. And as Eva, well she already knows where to find us, so going out won’t really make a difference will it?”
“That if she has been telling us the truth when we go to try and heal Mansi Alasdair may try something and we’ll wish we had two vials of her blood.”
“John, what are you doing? If she is dead there is nothing you can do.” Liam pleaded with him suddenly scared for his friend's safety.
Sighing heavily Otaktay looked away. "It is complicated because I care for both of you. I would put my life on the line for both of you. And it has become apparent to me, I would like more, but, I don't wish to come between you two. A union should be honoured and I wish to do so and take myself out of the equation."
John relaxed a bit when Sherlock closed his eyes. This was odd. Lying in the bed with another man, said man caressing his face while John, in turn, caressed his hand and said his name. “Sherlock.”
This time when Sherlock woke up he remembered where he was and with whom. He then immediately realised the intimate position they were now in. Sherlock had apparently latched on to John in his sleep bringing parts of their anatomy close. Sherlock could feel John’s manhood resting snugly against his hip. He swallowed against the dry lump that formed in his throat.
Mycroft leaned forward on his umbrella, “Except Mummy. Besides, she has threatened to pull all her influence, and I know you have never cared to know, but she has quite the impressive resume, confidential of course. I wouldn’t have gotten nearly as far in my career if not for her, and her connects.”
Sherlock was unsure of how much time had passed between coming in his room and the hesitant knock that now sounded on his bedroom door.
Sherlock broke eye contact then, fishing inside his coat and pulling out John’s wallet. “Of course I didn’t kiss you to take your wallet. I took your wallet when I first bumped into you outside the bar.”
He looked at John who was looking at Rosie with a quiet despair. He seemed oblivious to what was about to happen. Sherlock straightened up and looked little Rosie in the eye. How bad could it be? She was but a kid after all.
When John started on Sherlock’s chest and neck Sherlock spoke up, “You could make a killing doing this John. But, then again, I’d have to kill anyone you put your hands on.”
John got into a rhythm tuning everything out but the feel of his muscles and his breathing. After pumping out roughly 50 or so push ups he made his way over to the bench press. He placed about 60 pounds on both sides and laid down. Before he could lift the bar out of its housing Alasdair was standing over him, shirtless, sweaty and looking like he'd stepped from Mount Olympus. John took in the man's features, he was extremely good looking. Broad in the shoulders and not overly muscular but defined. His long rust coloured hair was now a dark auburn from sweating and was piled loosely on his head. He had funny coloured eyes, turn your head one way they looked like the green of a far away ocean, turn your head another way and the looked like a burnt amber. He had a sprinkling of hair across his jaw and chin and a sprinkling more across his chest leading down into the pair of old sweats that hung low on his hips.
Sherlock was never any good at calling magic to himself, that was John’s department. Otaktay had argued with him on more than one occasion that Sherlock was just holding back, that he himself being a vampire was a magical being and should be able to call more to himself easily.
Even Mycroft had a say, “I too believe Dr. Watson has done admirably well, he came up with a plan and kept us all safe when it wasn't
John ever mindful of the situation didn’t melt against Sherlock like he normally would, nor did he offer up his mouth for a kiss, Mansi lay in front of them in some kind of comatose state with her life mate desperately holding her hand, he would not be insensitive.
But John was clearly into women, he would never go for a relationship with him. In fact, John denied there being anything between them every time someone asked or insinuated that they were a couple.
John started to make an inappropriate comment about choice places Sherlock could have chosen to drool but decided against it when he remembered how freaked out Sherlock had look at the mere mention of cuddling.
“No, this bloody brilliant. Although I would wait until after the wedding to announce anything, wouldn’t want to steal anyone’s spotlight.”
Mycroft raised a brow to John and spoke out loud. “Liam said he was fine and wanted to hear what Hyde had to say. You’re getting stronger John.”
John’s mouth hung open. Everything that Sherlock had just named was good reasons to think he was behind it, but he really wasn’t. “You think I’m your one true match?” Sherlock had been watching him but at his question, he ducked his head and shovelled a forkful of egg into his mouth. John crossed his hands in front of his face, he found Sherlock’s evasion of his question humorous. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock, Liam, Mycroft and Otaktay all followed John into the backyard. As soon as the door closed Liam whirled on the others. “I don’t trust her!”
