“Uh, yeah, he’s inside.” Sam suddenly won’t meet Castiel’s eye, rubs the back of his neck with his hand. “There’s just one issue I’ve gotta run by you first.”
“Cas would never tell you,” Hannah says, looking pointedly at Cas, “but he was
“Elementary school,” he says, flashing back to images of his feet pounding against the pavement as he runs as fast as he can, trying to evade bullies and sometimes, just the world around him. “During recess. And then I just...never really stopped. It was a nice distraction from anything that upset me, and it sounds cheesy, but now I can’t really imagine my life without it.”
Balthazar has already made himself at home in the living room, curled up on the recliner with a beer in his hand, three pizza boxes stacked on the coffee table in front of him. He salutes Cas when he enters, and Cas nods tiredly before dropping down onto one corner of the couch. In an effort to make getting to the airport the next day as uneventful as possible, Gabe had offered up his place as a home base for them to spend the night. Cas had been expecting to arrive and subsequently crash, but after being in his house for just a few minutes, it’s clear that Gabe had had an entire goddamn shindig in mind.
“Hey! Hey, you guys!”
Dean figures it’s the same now, really, only this time, the treasure they’re seeking’s got a kind smile and kinder eyes that Dean’s desperate to see again. Maybe that woman on the handcar had been right.
“I...never really thought about that,” Cas says slowly, unsure of how else to handle this revelation.
“That better not have come from my deck!” Sam calls after him. Dean just flips him off.
“Gonna make me sound like a goddamn sap.”
It’s gone almost as quickly as it appears, but Castiel swears he catches the hint of a smile playing on Dean’s lips, which does nothing to abate the persistent warmth making itself at home in his gut.
“That’s putting it mildly.” Dean chuckles humorlessly and downs the rest of his beer, dropping the empty bottle into the sand with a frustrated sigh. “There are rules, and cameras all over the place to reinforce said rules. Like a nautical Big Brother. Break ‘em, and—” He makes a gagging noise as he slashes his hand across his throat.
Their apartment isn’t in the most desirable neighborhood, so Cas had been upset, but never particularly surprised, when Dean would come home with scrapes and bruises and attribute them to some kind of mugging. Cas had given him a canister of pepper spray as a birthday present a few months back and urged him to be more careful, but that had been it.
“Nothing. Doesn’t matter.”
Castiel returned his smile softly. “Oh no, it’s not that. Quite the opposite, in fact.”
“Hey, it’s the release year of Zeppelin’s first album. Plus it’s clearly the sexiest number. I thought you were an old-ass angel who wouldn’t get the reference.”
“I knew that bike was a bad idea.”
“Hey, I-”
“Who said anything about games? I’m just tickling you. You never said I
Dean looked up, trying not to look giddy. “Really?”
“Come on, Cas, better guess that number!”
“Mph,” Cas agreed.
As Dean spoke, the fingers on his tummy gained just a little more speed and began to roam in an unpredictable pattern, from side to side and up to his bottom ribs. The hand at his scalp also began to venture to the sensitive spots behind his ears, causing him to bite his bottom lip on a gasp and tip his head to the side to try and squash the tickling fingers.
And these thoughts were not ones he should be having about a client. It was none of Dean’s business how Castiel lived, healthy or not. He worked with plenty of people in much worse condition and he never worried about what they were eating.
“Well… It’s kind of complicated.” Castiel explained that his brother had been the one to convince him to do this. (Bless Castiel’s brother.) He was not comfortable with massages because he didn’t want strangers touching him, apparently. That was fair, but Dean would break him of that soon enough.
Castiel suddenly looked so surprised and hopeful, it was practically cartoonish. “What if I say I’m uncomfortable right now? Will you give a full refund?”
Dean felt a rueful sort of humor. “Everyone just wants to use me for my skills. They don’t really want to marry me. They want free massages.”
I uncapped my dry erase marker and drew a bulbous shape on the whiteboard, like two grapes being pressed together with a squiggly line on the border they shared. “The worker that found the good flowers gets the attention of her sisters by vibrating. Then she begins her dance.” I went on to explain how the length of time the bee wiggles her thorax during each circuit indicates the distance of the flower and how the angle of the line in relation to the sun indicates the direction the bees should fly. It was nice to have an audience as attentive as this one. Every once in a while, I would look up and notice with some surprise that the chaperone from before was gazing at me with an interest that went beyond the subject of discussion. I looked away quickly every time, but a flattered smile widened across my face regardless.
Dean smiled to himself. He wasn’t actually bemoaning his loyal clientele. He actually couldn’t be happier about it. It did get tedious sometimes, especially on busy weeks like this one. His last client today would be someone he had never met though, so that might be interesting. It was too bad he didn’t have more energy to enjoy it.
“Really? Huh! Awesome, I–”
Inexplicably, I snorted. Of course, that’s what would finally capture Gabriel’s attention. I broke down in helpless hysterical giggles. Gabriel stared with concern but smirked a little. Tears of laughter spilled down my cheeks until suddenly they weren’t happy tears anymore. The laughter turned into wracking sobs, shaking me so hard I thought I might fall off the bed. I fell forward onto my hands and wept. Gabriel murmured soothingly, rubbing my back. It was embarrassing, crying so openly in front of my brother for the first time since I was a child, but I just couldn’t seem to get control of myself. I really was broken. I couldn’t even tell the difference between laughing and crying anymore.
Castiel completed his final knot, binding Dean spread-eagle to the bed. Being more interested in Castiel’s proposition, the two of them had left the garage and Dean washed himself up so they could “get this show on the road.” Dean looked up at Cas where he stood to the right of the bed, carefully tying the soft ropes so they would do the least damage if Dean struggled.
“Dean…”
Castiel’s mischievous expression spelled nothing but trouble for Dean.
“It will do fine. Goodnight, Dean.”
An indeterminate amount of time later, Cas lifted himself up, lazily kissing his way toward one wrist. Once he reached it, he clumsily untied the arm and kissed the red skin there. It didn’t hurt, but Dean thought there might be some bruising by tomorrow, with all the thrashing he did. Cas untied the rest of Dean’s limbs, kissing each one affectionately. When he was finished, he crawled back into bed and latched onto Dean like a starfish, making Dean chuckle. He lifted his limp arm to comb through Cas’ hair.
Focus
“Ready?” he mumbles, holding out his hand.
Cas huffs out a quiet little laugh, breath hot against Dean’s skin. “Are you looking for a contest in one-upmanship, Dean Winchester?”
“You mean like you joking that you cut off your finger?” Cas asks dryly.
It feels nice, Dean realizes, having the air clear and free between the three of them now. No lies, no wool pulled over any more eyes. It’s almost like he’s able to release the breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding this entire time.
Dean put his full attention on Castiel’s comfort. He hardly gave a thought to which places might elicit belly laughs or sweet giggles. It was a passing thought he couldn’t help, but with the contented smile on Castiel’s lips, it was easy enough to put all that aside. Dean was happy with this, and so the massage was a total success. When he was finished, Castiel practically looked like he was high.
Dean shivered when Cas trailed his fingers down his spine. Dean snickered, hiding his face in Cas’ shoulder.
“Conniving little bastard. You’ll get your keys, Tickle-Bitch.” Dean rippled his fingertips over Cas’ bellybutton.
“Oh, just you wait. You’re going to wish we never played this game,” Cas growled into Dean’s hair.
Laughter bubbled in Dean’s heart seeing Castiel’s teasing smirk, one eye squinting up at him. He teased back. “Come on, buddy, up ya go. I have ways to compel you; don’t make me use them.”
“Alright, that sounds good. Thank you, Dean.” The smile Castiel wore was so bright, he didn’t even look like the same person he’d met ninety minutes ago. Dean had done that. He wanted to do it again, and soon.
“I shouldn’t have had to…” I grumbled under my breath.
Dean felt a true smile burst onto his face. “I’m not sure that’s how you use that expression. Aren’t you an editor?”
“Well, the good news is, it could have been a lot worse. Most motorcycle accidents like yours don’t survive at all. Thankfully, you were wearing a helmet, and the car that hit you slowed down before impact.  The primary bones of your right leg were all broken in at least one place, but the worst of it was the complex fracture in your femur. Pelvis was cracked in a couple of places, too. Left arm got some bad scrapes and a fracture of the distal humerus. Only needed a closed reduction for that one, no open surgery. You’ll have to stay in the cast for a while though. There was also a fracture in your left tibia from the landing, we suspect. That one won't require a cast. Luckily, the surgery on your right leg went very well and your injuries above the waist are mostly superficial. A little road rash and some scrapes, a few stitches."
“I told you you’d like it. People with sensitive feet tend to enjoy these massages the most. The masseuse has to know what he or she’s doing though.”
I sighed, remembering. It was raining badly. Serves me right for driving like that in a downpour. I’m such an idiot.
say that. What do you think that would do to mom and dad? To me? I know this is… I don’t even have a good word for it. It’s terrible–”
Dean was glad that Castiel couldn’t see his face. He imagined giving up Castiel to Benny’s care, and it just made him angry. That was ridiculous. Benny was his best friend and he had no right to be jealous over a client in any situation, let alone one he had seen only two times.
Whoa, that was not the voice he had expected to hear. It was low and gravelly and he wanted to hear more. “Have you had a massage before?”
Dean took pity on him and gentled his tickling to a sweeping stroke, leaving Cas giggling sweetly. Dean hummed thoughtfully, taking his time. Finally, when Cas adamantly barked his name in annoyance, he relented.
I smiled at her. “Not quite, but that’s a very common misunderstanding. The buzzing that bees make is just their wings flapping very fast. Does anyone else have an idea?”
A voice nearby shouted. My eyes opened blearily when the light was blocked by a dark figure. The voice shouted some more, but I wasn’t paying attention. There was too much noise, too much pain. My heart beat so fast even that hurt. I couldn’t get enough air in my lungs and I could feel my mind giving up trying to organize the chaos. The world got one shade lighter as my visor was lifted away and faintly the voice said something I did comprehend. “Oh my god… Castiel?”
Dean breathed a deep breath so he wouldn’t say something stupid or unprofessional to his brand new client, emphasis on
“Okay. Just as long as you understand.”
As Dean’s torturous fingers returned to their endless exploitation, Cas attempted to do some quick math. It took him a while with a tickle-fuzzy brain but he finally worked it out. If it was closest to sixty-seven, then it had to be between sixty and seventy-two, because he’d already guessed seventy-seven and fifty-three. That’s only eleven numbers. He could do this!
“You’re definitely making mine, so turnabout's fair play.”
“It looks like you’ve stabilized well. Your vitals are good. Do you feel up to talking to the doctor?”
“Yes. Fuck, yes, Cas. Whatever you want.”
“Wha-wh-what?” One word was all Dean could manage, gasping under the weight of Cas’ sensual presence.
“Hey, Cas, let’s play a game,” Dean purred.
that Dean. If he’d just showed up like he was supposed to, none of this would have happened. Or better yet, I wish he never asked me out in the first place. Asshole. I wonder if he even thought about me again. Well, good riddance. I hoped to never see his stupid face again.
Castiel’s tense shoulders relaxed with a sigh. “Okay then. We’ll need some rope.”
The audience of about fifteen second-graders looked to each other ponderously or just stared back at me with expectation. One girl raised her hand and tentatively answered “Don’t they buzz at each other?”
“Yeah, but I didn’t tell you to go ride it in a monsoon!”
Anna laughed, “I thought it was your job to convince him to do stuff like that. No, I forgot to add an appointment to your schedule on Saturday.”
I tipped my head back against the pillow I was propped up on with a frustrated exhale. A single tear slipped down my cheek. I was so goddamn sick of the tears. I couldn’t believe I had any left at this point. I squeezed my eyes shut, wiped away the moisture, then just stared at the ceiling. The view from my window wasn’t too bad. It overlooked a park that was quite lovely. But right now, “quite lovely” didn’t exactly appeal.
“Oh my god, Castiel, you’re awake!”
Dean thought Cas might be right. He panted and stared at Cas’ predatory grin. He didn’t know what kind of face he was making, but whatever it was, it cracked Cas the hell up. He leaned away from Dean’s leg and threw his head back, laughing like he had no cares. Dean couldn’t help but laugh with him, letting his head hit the pillow as he giggled to the tune of Cas’ merriment. Once Cas got ahold of himself, he leaned back over Dean’s leg and continued his commentary. “One day. I may have to begin a list of experiments. This one is turning out to be very educational, don’t you agree?”
Castiel’s hands were mostly soft. He had a small callus on the lateral surface of the first knuckle of his middle finger. That would be from holding a pen or pencil a lot. Then he had calluses on the medial edge of his palms. Those would be from many hours using a computer. Castiel really was the old soul he appeared to be if he liked to write by hand as much as the callus indicated. Dean thought it was sweet. It reminded him of his mother and how she used to write in her diary all the time. He got his hands on it once when he was little, and it was almost as fun as a picture book. She used so many different colors; there were doodles and lists and things taped into the pages. He wasn’t old enough to read most of it; otherwise, his mom probably would have been more angry about him snooping. It was a fond memory.
This is awful.
Dean wonders if he even knows he’s doing it.
Cas leans back in his chair and chuckles, balancing his green editing pen on two fingers. “You are
“Missed you,” he says, giving her a kiss on the cheek.
“This…” Cas says slowly, “is not exactly how I thought I’d be spending my Friday night.” He’s got his playbill open on his lap now, and is flipping through the pages slowly, reverently, like he can’t believe it’s in his hands, either. He looks over at Dean and smiles at him, and Dean can’t help but grin back.
The employee breakroom is deserted when he enters, and Castiel makes a beeline for his locker, shrugging off his red vest as he walks. The TV is tuned to a sports channel, as usual, showing highlights from past Red Sox seasons, and Castiel ignores it. He’s pretty sure that even if there were a national emergency going on, the people of Boston absolutely wouldn’t be denied their Red Sox games.
“Dean, you’re not--”
He should be pissed, but something about Cas—the feeling of his weight pressing down on Dean, of those thighs bracketing his hips, the intensity in his stare—has him replaying the scene in his mind. Again, and again, and again.
What’s shittier, though, is the fact that as they walk, Dean’s got nothing to do but stew in the scorching late-afternoon heat—not unless he wants to
There’s a soft knock on the edge of Cas’ cubicle, and he looks up to see his boss and the company’s head copywriter, Naomi, looking at him.
Hamilton
“Jesus Christ, Gabe…” Cas swallows down the anxiety in his gut as he passes Gabe’s carry-on bag to him, watching as he immediately starts unzipping and rummaging through the compartments.
“It’s not the Loch Ness Monster, Dean. It’s real.”
“Don’t exactly come as a surprise,” Sam mutters. He runs a hand through his hair, plastered down like he’d just showered in an entire tin of pomade.
Lisa looks thrilled, eyes shining with excitement, and she grabs Dean’s hand, leading him to the center of the hall. “Do you know Twigs and Twine?” she shouts over the crowd, gesturing up toward the band on the stage.
“Dean, please trust me—”
Castiel furrows his brow. “But Anna said--”
.” He quickly pulls it back and shakes the mitt off, letting it land on the dirt outside the dugout with a thunk before re-extending his free hand to Dean. Dean laughs and shakes it, his fingers warm and firm around Cas’ hand.
that’s not this.
“[Bleep]ing say that again,” Dean says threateningly. “I dare you, [bleep]er. I [bleep]ing dare you.”
After a few seconds of silence, Cas nods down toward the tray of temporarily forgotten cookies. “I should probably--”
Naomi’s facial expression doesn’t change when she says, “Oh, that sounds lovely. I’m sure you’ll have a wonderful time.”
“Damn it, Cas, I don’t want you there as a babysitter,” Gabe snaps.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Duly noted,” he mutters, scooping Cas’ hand into his own and tugging him forward. “C’mon. I’ll get you back before the clock strikes midnight, Cinderella. With both your shoes, too. That’s a personal guarantee.”
Dean smiles, that stupid crooked shit-eating grin that helped make him famous, and all Cas can think is that it looks even better up close.
As Castiel dodges the guitar case of a busker playing a very-off key version of Neil Diamond’s “Sweet Caroline,” he finds himself wishing that he could just keep running all day, that running could be his job. People get paid for that, right? Hell, people get paid to shop, so he should get paid to run.
Cas looks at the sketch once more, then places it back down on Dean’s bed. “No,” he finally says. “No, let’s go.”
It takes more time than he’d like to admit, but after a few minutes of searching along the riverbank for supplies and tinkering with his boot laces, Dean’s got himself a makeshift fishing pole. He holds it out in front of him, turning it over in his hand to inspect his work. It’s nothing pretty, just a long, sturdy stick he’d chosen because of the stubs of branches he’d used to loop his laces around for stability, but he’s confident that it’ll get the job done.
Dean chuckles hollowly. “That was my stance, too. Hey, uh, listen…” He looks around, as if he’s looking for someone in particular, when his eyes finally land back on Lisa. “Can I be totally honest?”
Dean holds his hands up in mock surrender. “You started it.”
“Castiel!”
“I can’t believe you fucking
He doubts he’ll
“You have a
Winchester almost seems just as surprised as he is. He scoffs once more and rolls his eyes. “Fucking dick.”
Dean gave it everything he got, attacking his worst spots and everywhere in between. He smooshed his face against Castiel's neck, his hands worming their way under Cas’ shirt. Dean hummed and nuzzled there, adding even more vibration to the assault on his senses. While Cas was overwhelmed, Dean continued his commentary.
He was just finishing wiping down the massage table when a knock came at the door. “Dean?” Anna called, “You’re two o’clock is here.”
Through his distraction and erratic breathing, Dean had not realized he’d squinted his eyes shut until Cas’ remark caused them to open. He turned to Cas’ face, which was nothing short of mesmerized.
“You are so soft here, Dean.”
“Does this mean you’ll come see me again?” Ugh, he sounded like a teen-aged girl asking for a second date.
“I… Would you be interested in having dinner with me sometime?”
“What do you have in mind?”
“You can be pretty scary, Cas.”
Dean's hips shifted against Castiel and sudden inspiration struck him. He let out a great bellow.
? Eugh. After what she did to Sam, he had very little tolerance for that woman.
Cas turned toward him, a cocky yet satisfied smirk on his lips. He ran a firm caress from Dean’s hip up to his knee, pulling Deans leg over his own hips.
“I don’t really want to think about it. I’ll trust the judgment of a professional.”
“Yep! Nice job, Dean. Guess your charming self won him over.”
Cas’ face was stoic as ever, except for a twitch in one eyebrow and the flush of his neck, spreading up into his cheeks giving him away. Dean’s eyes glinted with satisfaction at riling Cas up. But Cas had something to say, and he would say it. “No, Dean, that is the problem. You are always taking the lead, and pulling me to pieces…”
“Castiel,” Dean’s expression was suddenly so soft. I got a disconcerting feeling from that look. It was far too gentle for a stranger looking for a hook-up. But before I had a chance to really examine it, Dean ran off to catch up, and then he was gone.
“I don’t know Cas–”
Dean filled with warmth. “Already thinking about a next time, huh? I must be doing something right.”
Castiel was becoming nervous again. “Yes?”
With that thought in mind, he decided to go all in. He wasn’t going to hold back anymore, and he wanted to give Castiel the best goddamn experience yet.
“I know.” I cut him off sharply.
“Cas, be serious. You were in a fucking car wreck.”
“No, I expect not. You had quite the accident.”
, Dean thought,
“Trust me, no one is more put off by this than me.” I griped flatly.
I wasn’t that shocked. It felt like I’d been asleep for weeks based on how murky my body felt. At least my mind felt relatively sharp. “Okay, so what are we looking at here?”
“It’s not a big deal, Sam.”
“Call me Cas.”
Dean waggled his eyebrows, clearly feeling proud of himself. Cas just groaned. Dean laid down next to Cas, kissing his cheek and rubbing a flat palm under Cas’ shirt, meant to soothe, not tickle this time.
Dean moved subtly against Cas’ side, whining and pressing a very gentle kiss on his neck. He squirmed his right hand up behind Cas and spread his fingers into the dark brown locks.
“Am I supposed to be enticed by company like that?” Dean replied, disgust heavy in his voice.
Dean stepped away from the table, allowing Meg to sit up and put her robe back on. She sighed. “I guess I’ll have to pick someplace more to your liking then.”
Abandoning Dean’s arms, for now, Cas moved on to his torso, where he used his palms just to feel the expanse of his chest. Dean sighed with contentment. It was like getting a very strange massage. It was less pressure, and more petting.
Because they were close friends, Dean turned his back and began cleaning up for Castiel’s appointment while Meg changed behind him.
Dean nodded. “Five-thirty. Great! Awesome. Yeah…” He rambled on as he backed away toward his disappearing group.
“I get off at five tomorrow. You free?”
They moved on to the second half of the massage and Castiel interrupted his thoughts again. “I think I’m starting to understand why people ask for your hand in marriage.”
“I don’t know what I’m going to do.”
“Ho-kay, Mr. Novak, good to see you’re with the living again.” The broad man said. “Name’s Sweet. Joshua Sweet. Nice to meet you.”
Cas settled his hips down then, brushing his prominent boner slowly up and down Dean’s abdomen, high enough that Dean’s dick receives no relief. Dean arches and groans, open-mouthed and throaty at the intensity of it all. He is sweating everywhere, burning from the inside out, and feeling Cas’ breath harsh and heavy on his neck. “Please, Cas, oh fuck, please!”
And just like that, Dean’s composure about this whole arrangement nearly snapped. He knew how Castiel had meant the words, but when they sounded so enticing falling from Castiel’s lips in naturally deep tones, Dean couldn’t help the thrill that overtook him. He needed to get a hold of himself, or he was going to creep Castiel out. As a distraction and to give himself a moment to breathe, he turned away to the counter to apply lotion.
“Sorry, Cas...”
Castiel was clearly surprised, but Dean wasn’t quite sure why. It didn’t really matter. Castiel did agree to some water.
••••♡••••
“I beg to differ.”
Castiel’s feet were relatively soft– another symptom of office work. His soles were smooth and healthy. Dean felt privileged to be handling someone who was clearly so rarely handled. Now if only Castiel would sit back and enjoy it.
“Mom and Dad want me to move home,” I told Gabriel.
“Right. Got it.” Gabriel’s feelings were written on his wrinkled forehead.
“Yes,” Cas sighed against his cheek. “Then I shall give us both what we need.” Taking Dean’s jaw in his hand again, Cas yanked him into a furious kiss. He took them both in one hand and used their combined pre-cum to slick the way as he jerked them off. Tears of pleasure rolled down Dean’s face as he took what Cas gave him. It only took a few moments ‘til Dean saw nothing but white, the brightness spreading through him, voice cracking on an aborted scream. His mouth was still agape when he felt Cas flop half on top of him, his head pillowed on Dean’s bicep. Many moments passed as both of them laid there, gasping for breath. Dean never wanted to move again.
encouraged me to get one.” Castiel scoffed.
“When I am so lost I can barely speak, and all I know in the whole universe is you, you say things. Filthy things. You tell me what you’ll do to me, ask me questions that you know I can’t answer because my mind is a fog of pleasure, just so you can answer them for me. You talk to me, just like this, and sometimes touch…” Cas ran a single finger behind the curve of Deans ear, all the way down his neck, blazing a fire beneath his skin, “…You touch me and tease me with your words. Sometimes I think I can’t take it a moment longer, and others I think I never want you to stop.”
“Yes, I’m afraid so. I don’t trust you to allow me to complete my exploration without taking control back. And I would too easily relinquish it.”
“Nothing. It was raining. I was reckless.”
Castiel gave and his languid movements were all Dean needed to know he’d done a good job. If Castiel didn’t come back after this, nothing would convince him. It didn’t surprise him that Gabriel Novak would sign up his ‘anti-massage’ brother to get a massage. Although, he didn’t know whether he intended it as a prank to make Castiel suffer or to give him an experience he would never seek on his own. Knowing Gabe, he probably would have been happy with either outcome. In any case, Dean was glad he had orchestrated this. Only one question remained.
“Good, good. Let’s get to it then!”
Dean almost laughed. ‘
Gabriel nodded and left without another word.
“And?” Cas queried.
“Nope.”
Dean didn’t have long to feel self-conscious, though.
“Yes.” Cas gazed with regal approval at his bound and totally naked handiwork, then deflated a bit with trepidation. “I have one more request.” He said tentatively. “I do not wish to gag you, because that seems… I don't know. I do not like that. And I want to hear your sounds fully, and naturally. But I don’t want you to say anything. Can you do that? I just want to observe without being made fun of.”
Dean could hear the smile in Cas’ words.
Castiel’s expression was guarded, but thoughtful. “Will it be better without clothes?”
already. “No. No, no, no,
“Sweet as tea,” He said like he’d said it a thousand times. He probably had.
“Nope, it’s not eight or eighty-three. Try again!”
“Accident?”
And with that, Dean was left with one very pleasing, yet apparently uncomfortable client. It was all over his face.
Cas’ eyes squinted then opened wide in realization as he went rigid.
Five minutes later, the kids were being shuffled to the next attraction by the female chaperone after some truly impressive Waggle Dancing. The attractive man came up to me, hands in his pockets, charming smile front and center.
“So, it’s Castiel, right? May I call you Castiel?”
“Well, when you put it that way...” The laughter came out helplessly. In that moment, Dean knew he couldn’t let Castiel see anyone else, ethics be damned. Dean could be an adult and shove this attraction away. He would learn to deal with it because Dean truly liked Castiel as a person. He was sharp, a bit odd, and so openly expressive. Dean couldn’t give this up willingly and let this new feeling disappear.
I shook the enormous hand he offered, nodding in greeting. “Your name is Dr...Sweet?”
“Feel what?”
The bees had become quiet. It was going to rain. I checked all the exhibits for stragglers, turned off the lights, and locked the doors. The gift shop had a couple people left, but that wasn’t my responsibility. I went to the restroom with my backpack to change and came out with dark jeans that were only slightly tight around my thighs and backside. I decided on a nice button-down since I didn’t know where we would be going. It would be nice enough for anywhere I was interested in going at least.
Even though it’s located deep below the city streets, the studio is warm and inviting, packed with worn, overstuffed furniture, the walls painted a soft yellow, and Cas smiles to himself as he drops his bag onto a nearby chair. The studio has been a haven of sorts to Cas even after graduation, and he’s grateful the administration allows him and his co-hosts to record their podcast using their equipment.
It takes Cas a few seconds to process this. “You’d get reprimanded if you were seen in the elevator alone with me?”
The smile comes easier this time. “I understand.” He looks down and keeps walking, effectively calling the conversation finished. “But Dean, I need you to know that I was telling the truth. I wouldn’t do that. Not to Sam, not to you.”
school, but the one I teach at. You get it.”
“He was just being nice,” Dean insists. “A good businessman and all that.”
“Ridiculously terrible, you mean,” Bobby grumbles. He gets up and heads to the shower area himself, returning shortly with all of their clothes from Gabriel’s bundled in his arms. He drops them unceremoniously into Dean’s lap, raising an eyebrow when Dean opens his mouth to protest. “All I know is you boys ain’t going anywhere before you take out the trash.”
,” Cas breathes. He immediately notices the absence of warmth from Dean’s mouth on his stomach, and he just about comes right then when he feels Dean’s breath right next to his ear and hears him, in a raspy, amused voice, say, “Not yet.”
Instead, he hears him sniffle.
“Merry Christmas, Dean.”
Gabe waves him off. “Dude, I can’t even throw a Frisbee;
“Trust me, they will,” Dean says, turning back to the folder. As he continues looking through the desserts, he suddenly realizes what’s been missing this whole time, and it hits him like a freight train; he’s not sure how he didn’t notice it sooner. “Hey, where’s your pie?”
“Dean, get the lead out! We gotta keep moving!”
“NAHAHA, PLEEhehease!”
“I will change.”
Cas looked up from his sumptuous feast, his lips plump and shiny. Cas’ dark eyes locked with Dean’s, and he pressed himself up from the bed. He crawled over Dean to straddle his waist again, leaning into his face. Dean began to lift up to finally claim Cas’ mouth, but without saying a word, Cas caught Dean by the chest and pressed him back down to the bed, panting hard. Then, he took Dean by the jaw and turned his face to the side, squeezing slightly once to indicate that Dean should not move.
preference.
“I know that, and we’re not involved! There’s no involvement, just drop it. Forget I said anything, Jeez.”
“No, No! Dean, I love that. I need that sometimes. But, I just… I want to be able to do to you what you do to me.”
“Hmmm, no,” Cas replied quickly, with a smirk of his own.
“...And that’s when the bee comes back to the hive to tell all her friends about the plentiful bounty she’s found. Now, does anyone know how bees talk to each other?”
This was divine. This was ecstasy. He would let Cas do this to him for hours if he wanted. Being tied down took all responsibility out of his hands and forced him to let someone else take care of him. He didn’t mind the responsibility, especially when his partner was as enthusiastic and responsive as Cas. But this was nice too. Dean could get used to this.
As soon as the door opened, he didn’t have to fake his smile anymore.
“Don’t make me move, please.”
“Ooooh, no. There is no way. I have been far too lenient about that particular activity as of late, and you are getting spoiled. Sorry Dean, but no.”
Dean watched Castiel’s back under the towel rise and fall gently with his slow breaths. Castiel was enough of a fan to recognize an orchestral cover of Pink Floyd. Oh, Dean’s poor heart. “I hear ya, buddy, but I gotta make sure everyone’s happy.”
“At five o’clock…” She waited again.
My heart sank. I could feel the expression on my face melt into a bland mask. Of course. My brother would never play a prank on a cripple.
“Alright,” Castiel sighed, “you’re on.”
It took a moment, but realization eventually dawned on him. “Cas, I didn’t mean–”
Before he could get anything out, however, Dean must have gotten bored. His brain short-circuited and he screamed as Dean’s fingers danced their way to the back of his rib cage.
Relief and joy washed through him. “Awesome.” He gave Castiel some parting advice to get the most out of his treatment, just like he would for any other client.
He threw the dirty cloth into the hamper and put on his ‘money smile.’ “Come on in.”
Not five minutes into the massage, Dean was noticing Castiel’s softer muscle tone; probably a result of his office job. He could feel the easy give of his muscle under the stone. But he wasn’t fat– not in the slightest. In fact, he seemed a little thin for his height. He began to wonder if Castiel was eating well. Did he not have time to exercise, or was it not really his thing? Was he too busy at work to worry about his health? That would not be good.
tickle you.”
“I’ve always liked your legs,” Cas observed, thoughtfully, “especially your thighs.” Cas squeezed the meat of Dean’s thighs, enough to make his legs jump, but not enough to hurt. “I think I’ll start here, though.”
Dean was getting hard already. Dean didn’t know what this would entail, exactly, but he knew Castiel. He had a curious mind, and patience to rival a saint. Whatever Cas was thinking, it would probably be nothing short of blissful.
“Give me your hand. Just relax your arm as best you can. There’s nothing to be afraid of.”
Dean looked into Castiel’s eyes and held them, even if Castiel couldn’t. He emanated confidence and understanding to assuage Castiel’s fears. “If I’m not mistaken, I know what you’re worried about. Just relax; I know where to draw the line.”
He had confessed to Anna how fun it had been to treat Castiel before they locked up on Saturday. It was just a harmless interest, and he felt no shame in sharing it with Anna. But now he had another appointment to look forward to. Anna teased him about his infatuation and kept bringing it up throughout the following two weeks whenever Dean was less than peppy. He acted embarrassed about it, but remembering the appointment never failed to improve his mood.
“Well, Ruby, Crowley and I are going clubbing. You want to come?”
“Aw Cas, you don’t trust me?” Dean grinned charmingly at Cas.
I stared. “Dean?"
Dean not-so-subtly grazed Castiel’s side with his fingertips and Cas knew exactly what he was in for.
“Okay, Cassie, I got a number. Guess away.”
“Wrong again.”
“Are you going to agree?”
Though Castiel tried to hide it, the pink rising in his cheeks and his flustered response only made the warmth in Dean grow. It only took a couple of moments on his legs to get him moaning. He felt Castiel stiffen at the first sound. It had been completely involuntary which made pride swell in his chest for making Castiel feel good. He didn’t react though, afraid of scaring Castiel into silence. He wanted to hear every sound. It wasn’t out of the ordinary for clients to make noises like that, but none of them affected Dean like this.
Thank God Saturdays were short days. Dean was beat, and he was grateful he only had one booking left today. It was a long session though. Why did he have to be so damn popular?
Dean could tell Castiel really liked having his thighs massaged. This was great because Dean really liked massaging them. They were soft, especially the inner surfaces and satisfyingly thick. But when Dean moved on to his back and shoulders, he knew that’s where Castiel needed it most. Dean worked the area hard and earned Castiel’s beautiful groans in return. If he didn’t know Castiel was embarrassed about making the sounds to begin with, he’d think he was faking it. The fact that they were genuine made it so much more rewarding. It struck him that Castiel was very much like a skittish cat. He might have been frightened at first, but give him a couple of good scratches behind the ears and he’d be purring in no time. He chuckled at his own metaphor.
“Fuck Cas, quit sweet-talkin’ me or I won’t be able to stop myself from taking you right here.” Dean moved to step closer, but Cas held up a hand to stop him.
, no more of these little games for a week either. Those are my terms, take it or leave it.”
“This is… a big change,” Gabriel said when I had quieted enough to hear him. “But I’m here for you, little brother. Mom and Dad, too. We’ll find a way, and if we can’t help you reach your old dreams, we’ll help you find new ones. We love you, and don’t ever think you’re less now than you ever were.”
Oh, that was just precious. Under the circumstances, he supposed it wouldn’t be so bad to refund the money since Castiel was practically coerced into coming. But Dean really wanted to work his magic on this guy and, probably not unlike his brother, he could see Castiel needed it. “I think in the spirit of your brother’s good intentions, I’ll have to ask you to at least give it a try. Give me half an hour.”
“SIXTY-NIHIHIIIINE!”
“Uh, you finally convinced Benny to get a sauna up in this place?”
“Don’t tempt me.”
“No! That’s ridiculous Sam. He’s just shiny and new, that’s all.”
The doctor sighed. “Castiel, I want you to move your toes for me.” Dr. Sweet said evenly. He lifted the blanket covering my feet.
“I’m going to… go get a coffee. I’ll be right back.” Gabriel stood and walked sullenly to the door. “Do you want anything while I’m out?”
“Cas, what am I gonna do for a whole week without games? I’ll be so bored.”
“You okay, Cas?”
“No.”
“Ah. Hah, that’s good. I enjoyed your presentation. You really know how to talk to the kids. Not down to them.”
“Relax Cas. I’ve got you.”
! This can’t be happening, this can’t be…”
“I love feeling your laughter against my lips, under my palms. I could soak it up all day, like beautiful sunlight. Your smile is so beautiful, you know that?”
Dean looked up to watch Cas’ expression.
Their time came to an end, but Dean didn’t want to stop. Unfortunately, he was even more tired than before and knew he couldn’t keep it up much longer. The dazed
“Hey! Why don’t you move in with me?” Gabriel exclaimed enthusiastically.
“Thanks, Anna.” He nodded to her, signaling he could take it from here.
As Dean moved up Castiel’s arm, he watched as his eyelids slowly drooped and his face gradually loosened. By the time he reached the second arm, Castiel’s eyes were closed and a smile played on his lips.
“Yeah, hey,” the man, Dean, took a step away but leaned toward me like he didn’t want to go. “I know this is completely out of nowhere and not really a good time, but…” He trailed off, looking a little flustered.
“Nothing. Forget it.”
I hefted my backpack over my shoulder and walked bitterly over to my bike. The helmet smooshed my soaking hair to my scalp uncomfortably. I stared at the sparkly blue gas tank shimmering in the rain and let the engine warm up for a few moments before I tore off into the gloom. I drove fast. The lights of the cars and the city reflected in the water, turning the world into a streaky lightspeed tunnel of stars. I could feel the water kicking up from my rear wheel and hitting my back. I was going to be a mess when I got home. I didn’t care.
They took the MRI the next day. The look on Dr. Sweet’s face told me everything I needed to know about the results when he came to deliver them. I let him speak anyway and nodded once to indicate I understood. I was totally numb– at least in my heart. The physical pain was worse today. After so much trauma in the last few days, I think my brain just couldn’t handle any more emotion. I stared blankly at my sheet-covered, useless lap for a long time. They brought food at some point. I think I ate some. Definitely had some water. The afternoon brought a visitor.
“Oh! What’s your name?” He asked hurriedly.
“Well, don’t be shy, come on in.” Dean stepped back to allow him some breathing room and hopefully ease his mind.
“Hm? Dunno what you’re talkin’ about.” Dean grinned into Castiel’s collarbone.
“Yeah, it’s terrible. I’ll never stand. I can’t feel anything. Zero. I’ll never be independent again. I can’t even take a shit on my own! I was going to see the world! My life was great. I was getting my degree–”
If his hunch was right, Castiel was just too good to be true. And how cruel that Dean couldn’t do anything about it. Dean avoided Castiel’s eyes but made sure to use an even, relaxed tone when he responded. “Of course, Castiel, that’s a common request. Although I’ll have you know I am very good at foot massages.”
The client, Castiel Novak he remembered from the file, gradually stepped in. He was stiff as a board, shoulders pulled up and fists clenched. Oh, he would be a joy to unravel.
Dean wasn’t really into clubs to begin with, but going there with the likes of Crowley? And
Dean didn’t know why, but the way Cas said that made him shiver and get hot all over. He peered at Cas through his eyelashes in time to see Cas smile and chuckle mischievously. He was clearly gaining confidence in his actions, and Dean was glad. He couldn’t help but react honestly when he was resigned to Cas’ control like this. Cas was right to tie him down, because if he hadn’t, Dean would have lost his resolve just then and thrown Cas down to ravish him silly. Instead, Dean squirmed and whimpered a bit with the effort it took to not say anything.
“You going out tonight?” Meg asked as Dean was completing her massage.
“Uh-oh Cas, you’re down to one guess. Make it good!”
He tried to reassure him with encouraging words. “Cas, I’m a professional. You can trust me. Foot massages are the best!”
“If I’m not careful, I will never want to leave this place. It feels like an escape here.”
“It’s awesome. I’m a classic rock fan myself, but most people don’t find that music relaxing enough. This way, you get your nice chill music, and I get my jams and no one is the wiser.”
“I don’t want to live with Mom and Dad again. Can you imagine what they’d be like?”
“Yeah! I’ll come to get you at five then.”
Don't get used to updates this fast! I'm not that speedy. But I had some backlogged, and was excited to release the next chapter. See you all again soon!
“Maybe next time, I’ll switch up the music just for the two of us.”
“Hey, No more games for a week!”
Castiel scooted even further down the bed and turned so he was facing one ankle. Dean tensed when he saw Cas going for a foot because Cas was right; he was ticklish. But thankfully, Cas took Dean’s foot firmly in the palm of his hand, bracing the other on the ankle. He leaned down and pressed a kiss to the top of Dean’s foot, so gentle and sweet, it made Dean gasp. Apparently liking the sound, Cas pressed more kisses there, showering the tender skin with love. He did so on both feet until Dean made a protesting sound when Cas reached his toes. Cas hummed a laugh and flicked his tongue over the big toe once, then lifted his head and appraised Dean from there. He smiled and teased, “I think I would like to play with these someday. Use my tongue and my fingers, maybe other things. You know, the feet are one of the most innervated parts of the body. That’s why people are so fond of foot massages and foot fetishes are so common. I’ll bet I could give you a foot fetish. I could make you feel so good just by touching your feet, sucking on your toes, tickling just enough to rile you up. What do you think?”
“That you know of.”
There’s a silence, but amazingly enough, it’s not awkward. Cas is reminded of a line from
His fingers trail along her cheekbones, over the bridge of her nose, and he’s not sure what this exercise is supposed to achieve; it’s just making him feel awkward.
can’t get over the guy who’d more or less handed his ass to him.
,” Gabe says, and at Cas’ blank look, he adds, “It’s a comedy show. With sketches and characters and weird shit like this.” He waves absently toward his laptop screen. “This episode’s about facing your fears.”
Dean grins and props himself up on his elbows, craning his neck and catching Lisa’s lips in a kiss. They’re oblivious to the class continuing around them, and don’t separate until the other yogis have started rolling up their mats and leaving the studio.
isn’t anyone telling him it’s backwards—and kiss him so hard and for so long that they lose track of time until the afternoon bell rings and the kids are gone for the day.
“‘S fine,” Dean says. “Promise.” He forces out a chuckle before leaning into the elevator and punching the DOOR CLOSE button a few times in quick succession. “See you ‘round.”
Dean raises an eyebrow. “They didn’t tell you?” he asks, casting a suspicious look at the camera.
“Shit.” Dean takes a step back and runs a hand through his hair, glancing down at the floor. “Honestly, I was half-expecting you to tell me to fuck off,” he says with a weak laugh. Castiel just gives him a small shrug.
The dugout is thick with anticipation and nerves, and Cas can barely look as Vic takes a moment to check the sign from Chuck down the third base line, then make himself at home back in the batter’s box again. He adjusts his batting gloves and grips the bat tightly before resuming his stance.
The guy’s eyes widen, and Dean smirks. He shifts his weight a little, preparing himself to stay here for as long as Blue Eyes wants to. “Jesus,” he mutters. “And I thought I was bad.”
Jess flashes him a brilliant, wide smile and shrugs at him innocently. “Your gain is my gain, too,” she says, then snaps her fingers at Sam. He groans and pulls out his wallet, thumbing through until he finds a crumpled five-dollar bill.
“Hi!” she says. “Welcome to Bumblebee; how can I help you?”
No one is more surprised than Cas when he realizes that he actually knows the story Dean is talking about. "That's by Saunders, right?"
Dean looks up at that, taking in the glare Novak shoots his cousin’s way. “Yeah?” he asks, swallowing his mouthful of food. “Why’s that?”
“Yeah, and what would you know about it, Clara Barton?”
up there obviously has a fucking death wish for him.
“Get it, brother,” Benny says, elbowing his friend in the ribs with a toothy grin. “Damn.” Dean waggles his eyebrows and purses his lips, pleased with himself. He gets to his feet and salutes the other contestants.
He figures that can wait until after lunch, at least.
“I’m just trying to figure out what kind of game you’re—”
Dean turns his head and spits before muttering, “Fuck,” and that’s exactly how Cas feels. While not exactly an intimidating hill on its own--in fact, it’s basically the opposite--Heartbreak Hill is practically like scaling a mountain to runners who have already banked twenty miles before reaching it, and it’s no different for Dean and Cas. Exhaustion is beginning to hit Cas hard, his chest is aching and his legs feel like they’re made of lead, and he can tell that Dean’s on the verge of hitting a wall, as well. Maybe they shouldn’t have stopped running; Cas’ stomach twists uncomfortably as he thinks about picking up the pace, but Dean tugs on the rope between them, making his thoughts on the matter clear.
The room goes silent at that, and everyone’s attention pivots back toward Dean and Alastair. Benny clears his throat uncomfortably, and Victor pulls at his necktie.
The tapping stops after that.
Castiel raises his eyebrows. “Do
“How did you get here?” Castiel asks. “I mean, how did they...capture you?”
Cas watches, fixated, as Dean bends down to greet Oliver, and he’s brought back to the first time Dean had visited, how much something as simple as a gentle hello to his kitten had turned Cas on, that he decides not to miss the opportunity this time.
Dean looks at him, unamused, then rolls his eyes. “Lemme guess, you gotta annotate ‘em too?”
There’s nothing else, really. Just the fact that lips like his exist. He watches the way they move as he talks, the way his tongue pokes out to wet them, and Cas wants to know how they’d feel pressed against his own, along his neck and jaw and—
Dean brightens at the mention of junk food, and he nods. “Damn right.”
Gabe shakes his head. “We gotta get you more up to speed on how to recognize a joke, Novak. Goddamn.”
“‘S awesome, man.” Dean gives him a small smile over the top of his comic. “And, uh, hey, I’m…” He trails off, searching for the right word. “I shouldn’t’ve shit on your idea in the first place. It’ll be cool, to learn more about him, y’know? I bet it’ll be huge.”
"Uh, actually—" he holds up a finger and points it at Cas, "—this is his first time here."
Dean leans forward suddenly, pressing the heels of his palms into his eyes. “This was
Cas gives him, equal parts confusion and disappointment that he’d put the brakes on things, almost has Dean dismissing the entire thing in favor of, well, anything else involving Cas’ hands on him, but Cas stammers out an answer before he can.
Cas’ opens his mouth to respond, his cheeks burning, but before he can think of anything to add, Dean pushes open the door, gives him a quick wink, and is gone.
Dean glares at him before reaching around to place empty plates in front of each of them, saving the elaborately arranged plate of lobster rangoons for last. “Don’t let this joker stop you from enjoying your food. Chef outdid himself tonight,” he says, offering them an apologetic smile.
,” she blurts out, and Cas’ fingers freeze over the keyboard.
“Wildwood offered you a
wearing them, for meals and showers and the occasional bout of good behavior.
is supposed to be reassuring, but only strikes Dean as creepy.
Cas can feel fireworks going off in his chest, but he tries hard to keep even the slightest semblance of cool on the outside. He wants to ask so many questions, the most important one being,
Dean raises his eyebrows. "Huh. How is it?"
“We’re passing the CITGO sign,” Cas says, pushing past the cement-like feeling in his legs. They’ve slowed to a bit of a trot now, but Dean has been adamant about not walking anymore until after they’ve crossed the finish line.
“You planning on takin’ Fitzy’s spot?” one of his new teammates asks, clapping another catcher on the back, who suddenly looks panic-stricken, as if this had never even occurred to him as a possibility before.
“Dean…” He’d be lying if he said the idea of living his life in the spotlight to the same degree Dean does isn’t mildly terrifying. Dean’s right: it’s not something he wants, but he doesn’t want to be without Dean, either. “I know I’m not exactly suited for a life in the spotlight, but what’s done is done,” he finally says. “You don’t need to protect me, and I’m not ending things because of a magazine ninety-nine percent of the population wouldn’t even use to house-train their dogs.”
, as if there were any in the first place—that Novak would see him as anything other than the loudmouthed, opinionated, complicated asshole he knows he is are nonexistent. It doesn’t bother him, though; it’s never bothered him, it never will, and maybe, if he believes hard enough, he can almost convince himself that’s true.
“You sure work fast, don’t you,” she says, smiling at him.
“Where’d you find that?” he demands, grabbing his phone and pausing the music.
Cas looks down at the sticker and tries to read what it says without taking it off. When he does, he looks up at Dean, who's smiling wider than Cas has ever seen someone smile.
He remembers being holed up in his apartment with Anna, sleeping for just an hour or two before focusing in on the news again as a shooting took place near MIT, followed by a manhunt in nearby Watertown. The sparks of panic, anger, and frustration that crackled in his gut when it seemed as though they weren’t going to be able to find the one remaining man responsible for rocking the city to its core.
“He’s a friend,” Sam says quickly. “We didn’t have much of a choice. And we trust him.
“Maybe I would.”
Dean blinks. Is this a trap? This is probably a trap. “Art supplies?”
“Listen,” Dean says, nudging Cas with his shoulder. “I, uh, about the…” He trails off, gesturing uncertainly around his own cheekbone. “The thing. I might’ve overreacted. A little.”
Dean wonders if maybe he should get Sam to enter, instead, then he’d win and Dean could volunteer to take his place.
“So what?"
Dean swats his hand away and shifts uncomfortably, but Cas is pleased by the slight flush he can see building up on Dean’s cheeks. “When I met you.”
“Funny, feels like just yesterday.”
Dean shrugs one shoulder. “Must be. ‘S on the internet.”
While Michael’s family had been prim and proper, full of freshly pressed shirts and polite conversation, Dean’s is raucous, loud and messy and blunt. They laugh and pound tables and yell and greet each other like long-lost friends.
His feet leave the ground, but they’re not high enough. He trips himself up on the bench and stumbles hard, nearly smacking his face onto the bench and dragging Anna down with him in the process.
Gabriel snorts. “Has your daddy ever told folks
And then he fucking
“Ah.” Gabe nods once, then shrugs,
The piece gets shared over 100 times in the first half hour, and the
“Sure.” Dean grabs his own cup and the blankets from earlier. “Hope it’s still…hot.”
“Sure am,” she says. Her eyes narrow when none of them respond, and she shoots them an accusing look. “Is that a problem?”
He’s certain that if Dean’s identity is found out, he’ll be arrested at the very least. Not to mention how easy it’ll be for criminals who have crossed paths with the Colt to find out information on Dean--where he lives, where he works, his family and friends--and exact some revenge of their own.
“What?”
Dean shakes his head, pulling Cas back to him. “Nothin’. Nothin’. You scared me, is all.”
Dean stares at him, but doesn’t say anything. They stand there like two cowboys before a shootout, staring each other down in the middle of the deserted street, and Castiel half-expects some kind of tumbleweed to bounce across their path. As quickly as his anger had blossomed, though, Castiel finds it almost immediately shrinking back into apologies and attempts to smooth things over. His stomach clenches as he feels an overwhelming urge to handle the situation like he always does, and his anxiety increases as he watches Dean. He can see him working through a response in his head, wheels turning as he tries to put together his best comeback, and Castiel opens his mouth to apologize.
“See, now you’re gettin’ it.” He hands Cas his phone back, and Cas braces himself for the spark of warmth that floods his belly as their fingers brush against each other. “Let’s get back to that boat before they leave without us.”
nice, no matter how much Cas wants to convince himself otherwise.
“I’m so sorry,” he says breathlessly, looking like he wants to grab Dean and plant one on him right then and there. “Our car got a flat tire and then we had to reshoot something, which makes
Dean glances up and chuckles. “Oh. Sorry, was workin’ on something for class before we met up.”
Copley Square is bustling with activity, people taking advantage of the weather like they had been earlier, and Dean’s cane is moving quickly to clear the way for him as they walk. As they approach the finish line, Cas’ mind wanders back to what the area was like that day in 2013, when Boston effectively shut itself down in order to find those responsible for the bombings that terrified but also united the city.
As they approach the entrance, their driver digs into his back pocket for his own passport, then taps it against his closed window with a quick, “Y’all are going to need these.”
“You can get a lot of money if you win,” he says. “Figured it was worth a shot. Sam and I’ve both got student loans, and I’d get all the free booze I could drink. Plus, can you imagine if I told my future kids their folks met on a fucking reality show?” He chuckles and shakes his head. “Incredible. Plus, I mean, it’s a hell of an ego boost.”
Dean opens his mouth to respond, then closes it. There’s a pause, and Dean mumbles, “Maybe.”
Jesus. He's literally living in a fucking romantic comedy. Who the fuck asks someone they just met to a
Cas takes it and smiles back as they get to their feet. “Ready.”
Cas grins down at his phone, picturing the way Dean must have paused, probably argued with himself before finally answering the way he did.
There’s a minute where Cas doesn’t hear anything except the smacking of sneaker soles as people run by them, mixed with the faint yells of crew coaches on the water, and then Dean finally says, “Comics.”
“He and Oliver are quite smitten with each other,” Cas agrees.
“Come
Dean waves him off. “Didn’t wanna stay in the apartment alone all day, and Hannah was game, so…” He shrugs, an
“Don’t test me,” Crowley says pleasantly. He blows away the smoke twirling out of the pistol’s barrel before aiming square for Dean’s knee. “This isn’t my first rodeo. Cash. Now.”
Cas’ eyes widen as his heart plummets deep down into his chest.
!” he yells, snapping out of whatever trance-like state he had been in to pull to a complete stop off to the side, forcing Dean to do so, as well. “Dean, we did it!” Before Dean can react, Cas pulls him into a desperate hug and squeezes him tightly, thrilled at the fact that Dean hugs him just as tight. They stand there for a few seconds, frozen in the embrace, and Cas gently tilts Dean’s head up to plant a kiss on his lips.
like we’re making plans here. ‘m gonna see if I can get my hands on a map, or at least some decent directions from the barkeep.”
Dean takes a step back, his head tilted and lips quirking up in a bemused smile. He looks almost as confused as Cas feels at the quip, and wonders for a second if he overstepped his teasing bounds when Dean laughs, a rich, hearty sound that Cas immediately wants to hear more of.
Dean turns to face him, wearing that goddamn little smirk again. “Relax, Cas. It’s a joke.”
“Dude, what’s that look--” Any remaining color drains from his face as he puts two and two together, and Cas can feel his cheeks heating up fast. “You…” Dean says faintly, and Cas’ heart starts pounding as he tries to figure out what Dean’s thinking. “Me?” he finally asks, pointing his index finger toward his own chest.
As it is, he waits for Novak to turn his back toward him before doing so anyway.
Dean is just as goddamn charming and funny and dashing in person as he was on TV. He’s giving Cas nothing to work with, nothing to justify how much he can’t stand him. The closest he can get, though, is that if his personality mirrors the one shown on TV so much, then all the other bullshit around him does, too. He might be charming, funny, and dashing, but that also means he's just as self-centered, cocky, and smarmy as he'd seemed in the
“‘s all right,” Dean says, and Cas isn’t sure if he’s imagining it, but for a split second, he’s sure that Dean has shuffled a few steps to the side, closer to him, and his face goes hot.
“Is this how you treat all rude people?” Cas asks, threading the fingers of one hand through Dean’s close-cut hair.
from under the table and holds it up next to Cas’ face; Dean snorts when Cas cranes his neck back and away from it. “Cas is Dean’s mystery man from the
As they approach the house and stop in front of the fence, Cas notices that the garage door is open; there's a sleek, old-fashioned-looking car sitting inside.
“—don’t like pie.”
Once the last colon’s in place, Dean drops his pen with a sigh and a goal to start giving Cas some flirtations to react to.
“Christ, I thought you were dead,” Gabriel says, taking a step back and resting his hand on Cas’ shoulder.
in Dean’s face is enough to start ebbing away any anger Cas might have been starting to feel, but the embarrassment is still there in full force.
Hannah scoffs, waving him off. “Those oxygen tanks will be there in five minutes.” She rests her chin in her hands, looking at him with a dreamy gaze. “I’ve always wanted to go on a cruise.”
this—
Cas studies him for a few seconds, and Dean’s about to change the subject when Cas finally asks, “So what is it, really?”
. He grins widely at the two of them, knowing that line couldn’t be further from the truth, and the returning smiles they shoot back are more than enough to keep him going.
, who is basically the sweetest person ever and put up with all of my writing procrastination and last-minute edits with all the patience and all the grace. Her art is so adorable and wonderful and I just want to hug it (and her!) so much. Thank you so much again! <3 Check out her
“Shit,” she breathes. “How is he?”
“Take a guess,” she says with a wink, pressing one of the yoga mats to his chest. Dean stares down at it, a bit dismayed, and Lisa pecks a quick kiss on his cheek before bouncing up on the balls of her feet a few times. “They have clothes for you to change into upstairs. I’ll meet you in there!”
“Enlighten me, then. What is?”
That’s the logical conclusion to come to, but in spite of that fact, Cas’ mind starts spinning with different worst-case scenarios, each one of them boiling down to a single conclusion: this take-no-shit security guard will force them all out of the car, pat them down, have them arrested for
“You go to Cain’s?”
“Even if there is—which I’m
(See the end of the chapter for
It takes less than half an hour at the trampoline park for Ben’s persona to make a complete 180. He matches Dean’s enthusiasm pace for pace, and the two of them take turns diving into pits of foam blocks, practicing flips onto different trampolines, and mastering the art of the trampoline slam dunk—well, at least, Ben does.
“What?”
Dean nods and presses the CALL button under the bakery’s Google listing. His phone connects almost immediately, and he waits, his heartbeat quickening with every ring until Cas’ recorded voice suddenly fills his ear.
Castiel shrugs. “Two hours, maybe. Three at the most.”
for it,” Hannah says. “What if there was a medical emergency or something that he had to pay for?”
Sam’s face softens, and he rests a hand on Dean’s arm. “Not everyone is out to hurt us,” he says. “Not everyone is out to hurt
“You sure you’re okay?”
“I feel so
Before he can reply, another man—not a waiter, but someone still clearly working on the ship—approaches their table. He looks like a worm, with a wide, smarmy smile that immediately makes Cas uncomfortable, and he grabs for his water like it’s a life preserver.
, okay?”
“He follows eleven fucking people,” Billie snaps. “
He grabs his water cup and takes a long drink, nodding just a bit as he does so to give his brother an answer, even though he sure as shit isn’t.
Dean can’t get enough of it.
He finds the lack of sponsorship and composure more refreshing than he’d like to admit, but that’s a secret that’ll stay between him and Oliver.
tickets were the cheapest available this side of Lansdowne Street.
And yeah, Dean’s pretty inclined to agree.
Cas sighs. “I never had any need to.”
“Is everyone ready?”
haven’t seen a Sox game?”
He doesn’t miss the way Dean’s cheeks go pink at the comment. “Yeah, well,” Dean says almost shyly, rubbing the back of his neck. “Sam’ll be happy to hear that.”
“Thanks.” He smiles at Cas, then adds, “Want one of you two?”
They’re so close, they can almost taste it...but for now, the beer tastes better.
“I’m Cas.”
The episode is meant to be short, so they start to wrap up at about fifteen minutes, but Cas already knows that it’ll go down as his favorite.
, Cas-teel."
“Hi,” Cas says, his tone carefully walking the line between cool and casual as he tries to ignore the pang of anxiety that hits his gut when Dean stays in place.
It shouldn’t surprise Dean that someone who had no problem barely speaking for eight months is from a weird family, but just a few minutes in Gabriel’s presence has him wondering just what life would’ve been like as a full-time, bona fide Novak.
“My name is Castiel.”
I met you, obviously. But I don’t know.” He shrugs. “Somethin’ seemed right. That’s all I know, but it’s enough for me.”
“Yes.”
Before Cas can respond, another waiter pops up behind Dean and claps a hand on his shoulder. “Seventeen’s still waiting for their appetizer,” he says, barely loud enough for Cas to overhear.
“Oh, thank fuck.” Dean flops back down onto the couch and starts to put his earbuds back on. “I was just getting to this part when--”
“Hey!” Charlie says a moment later, rolling backwards on her chair into Cas’ cubicle. “Great job on the article, it’s getting a
Cas thinks he’s doing a good job of playing it cool, but Dean’s slightly tilted head and bemused smirk say otherwise. “You, uh, like that idea?”
sorry,” Sam says, reaching out to shake Castiel’s hand. “We should’ve called or something to let you know we were running late.”
after that con,” Dean says with a wink. “That cosplay was multipurpose.”
Added thanks to Alexis for swooping in at the last minute to beta this little guy, and
“He didn’t give me his number on the air,” he says. “There’s no reason for any of our listeners to hear about this stupid dinner that’ll probably end up with me half-deep in a bottle of wine and cursing myself for my shitty taste in friends.”
Dean feels like he’s gonna be sick, like he could collapse at any second. He failed—again. Himself, sure, but more important, Sammy and Cas. He worries his lower lip between his teeth, listening to Sam and Cas put up the same fight he’d done, only to surely end up in the same place he’s at. The man behind him ushers him down the steps, and he squeezes his eyes shut, hands clenched into fists behind his back. All his talk about no going back had been just that, talk. He squeezes his eyes shut and hopes against hope that he’ll be able to see them and apologize one last time.
Cas sighs defeatedly, sitting down across from his sister. “I didn’t think I would. He seemed so fake on TV. I practically hated him.”
it, he doesn’t do this. He doesn’t get
Eyes still wide, Cas’s head drops, and he buries his face in his hands.
Dean waves him off. “Y’know what, you go ahead. I should really be using the stairs.”
Dean’s eyes go bright at Cas’ response, and Cas grins. “You’re cute when you’re nervous.”
Eventually, the taping ends, and everyone takes off their headphones—except for Cas. He leaves them on and starts tapping on his phone, making it clear that he wants and will have nothing to do with Dean goddamn Winchester for the rest of his time in the studio.
The next day, Dean’s got a lukewarm cup of coffee and a half-assed list of ideas on ways to make his interest in Cas just a
“From where?”
He glances at the alarm clock and squeezes his eyes shut. 4:32am, and Dean is just now coming home. How often has he been doing this? Cas keeps his eyes closed as he wonders what kind of injuries Dean will be sporting the next morning, whether or not he’ll have to go to the hospital again, like he had for a broken arm he
Cas watches Sam head back to the bar, then turns to Dean. “Should we help him?”
“I know it’ll be a great episode ratings-wise,” Cas says, “and our downloads will skyrocket, but he’s a dick. I don’t want to talk to him.” He stops making Oliver dance and looks seriously into the kitten’s eyes. “I’m part of this show, too, aren’t I? Shouldn’t
Dean’s brows furrow together, surprised at Sam’s question. “Uh, yeah, dude. Obviously.”
Dean grins widely, that same goddamn shit-eating grin that Cas hated but now can’t picture his life without, and pulls Cas in for another kiss.
Yeah. After that.
Dean’s sorry to see it end too, but he nods, pulling his legs up and arranging them so that he’s sitting cross-legged on the table. “Come back whenever, y’know.” He curls his middle, pointer, and ring fingers down toward his palm and twists his wrist back and forth between himself and the wall. “We’re not goin’ anywhere.”
“Him springing this whole thing on you,” Castiel says. “When I came to your house that day, I thought you had requested it, that you wanted to do this. And, don’t tell Sam this, but I think it could’ve been handled better.”
“Why didn’t you wake me up?” he demands, tumbling off the couch and tugging on his shoes. “Our plane leaves in two hours, we’re going to miss it if we don’t leave right n—”
He’s quickly learned that it’s tradition for the Wildwood baseball team to use almost anything to go out to eat--he’s had dinners to celebrate birthdays, Fridays, Dean’s acceptance into the university art show, even ones just for Benny passing a programming exam he’d been particularly nervous about.
, Sammy?” Dean asks, twisting his way out of Sam’s grip.
After a few seconds, he pockets the box and leans forward toward the driver, resting his forearms on each of the front seats. There are a handful of GoPros suctioned to the inside of the windshield, still recording his every move, the producers hoping for some kind of last-minute meltdown they can use for b-roll later. He tries his best to ignore them.
Cas opens his mouth to answer--what his answer would be, he has no idea--but before he can, Dean waves him off.
is what he is, but Cas has a feeling that Hannah isn’t interested in how Winchester makes him
“What the hell kind of answer is that? What are we, ten?” As if answering his own question, Dean reaches down to scoop up a handful of dirt and pebbles that he proceeds to throw in Sam’s direction.
Dean grins, and all the nerves that Cas just saw evaporate almost instantly. "See ya," he says softly before slipping into his room.
Dean tilts his head slightly, a bemused little smirk on his lips, before glancing at Cas. “That so? I’d never have guessed.”
“They’re dating!” Charlie bursts out suddenly, covering her mouth and nose with her hands in a half-assed attempt to hide her smile. “God, it feels good to say that out loud. You know how long we’ve had that fucking bombshell waiting in the wings? Feels like years, guys. 84 years,
do. Each of us gets a free bottle to pack with our luggage, and I ain’t wasting space, baby bro.” He turns back around and points out the window, pulling his sunglasses down over his eyes before yelling, “All aboard, gentlemen!”
As he leaves, he can hear Michael, in his best
His boyfriend’s cheeks go pink, but he rolls his eyes. “Of a dog who can’t drink? Hardly.” At that, he raises his beer, careful not to let the foam slosh over the edge of the glass, and waits for Dean to do the same.
the red arrow is a real diner! also, they really do everything that's done in this story if it's your first time there, so...fair warning, i guess?
“You got a rose to give me?” He pretends to check under their pillows and Cas grins.
“During hometowns,” Cas says. He’s slightly embarrassed that he remembers the scene so well, but he remembers too much of that season too well, and just decides to roll with it. “You seemed to think they were cute together, as well.”
With a sharp inhale, Dean shoots bolt upright and is thrown headfirst back into the night his whole world turned upside-down. Sam’s still sleeping soundly, just like he was before their entire house went up in flames, taking their mom with them. Dean can still feel the heat pouring off their house as it burned, the weight of Sam in his arms as he watched his dad try to reenter the house for their mother, the dead-eyed stare on his face as he realized he couldn’t.
Gabe twists in his seat to face Cas again, clutching his vodka bottle like a microphone and locking eyes with Cas as he croons, “Pissing the night away, pissing the
“Yes?” he answers, his voice making the response sound like a question. He pokes his head into the room first like he’s a visitor.
Cas looks up at Zachariah, who’s watching him intently. His face is carefully blank, but Cas can still see a tiny spark of interest and hope in his eyes. He wants this article as much as Cas wants this job, and for once, it’s clear to Cas how much power he has in this situation. He takes a deep breath, then gives his editor a small smile.
Dean’s eyes open slowly, and he pulls the earbuds away in one quick movement. “Sammy?” he asks.
Cas grits his teeth together.
Which is how he started noticing things.
“Second time’s the charm,” he mutters.
He glances up to see Anna poking her head out of a glass-walled office in the corner of the room. She motions for him, and Castiel hurries into her office. Anna closes the door behind him and runs a hand through her hair before heading toward her desk. She had just recently been promoted to the head of the public relations department at MAB, and although Castiel knew she was thrilled with the new opportunity, he could also see the toll that all the added responsibility was already taking on her.
It’s been a week since Dean left his number taped to Cas’ door, and since then, Cas hasn’t gone a day without seeing him. Whether it’s inviting him to grab dinner at the DH or giving him updates on his
,” Dean mutters as something lands on top of the books with a light smack: a small blue bean bag. When he looks up, startled, his eyes land on Cas standing in front of one of the cornhole sets, the small, square canvas bags in alternating colors of blue and green nestled in his arms like so many tiny puppies. Dean glances down at the bag in his hand, then back up at Cas, and goddamn it if the grin on his face doesn’t get just a little bit wider.
being on the verge of dealing with the most self-absorbed asshole on basic cable. He should’ve met Dean inside five minutes ago, but it’s all he can do not to just vomit from anxiety all over the sidewalk.
Clutching a bouquet of flowers and a bottle of wine worth at least a month of his salary, Dean makes his way up the front walkway toward Lisa’s house. He shoots a quick wink to the camera before knocking on the door, running his tongue over his teeth and giving himself one last once-over in the door’s window.
Cas feels a pang in his chest when Aiden’s eyes go bright with excitement; he wishes Dean could see them.
A few days later, Cas is enjoying a particularly Dean-centric dream when someone starts pounding on his apartment door.
Dean pauses, taking these descriptions in. “Is it crowded now?”
Cas laughs, and before Dean realizes it, Cas is reaching back and entwining his fingers with Dean’s. Dean’s heart flips at that, and he looks down, then up at Cas, who’s looking at him hopefully, hesitantly, wondering if he’s taken this a step too far.
Dean laughs. “Sammy nearly passed out when I did it to him.”
He still remembers hearing the news when it first happened, how the image on his TV screen had filled up with chaos and smoke, how the announcers didn’t know what was going on, thought the smoke might’ve been caused by an accident or malfunction from the T. Once it had been determined that the smoke wasn’t from a malfunction, but from bombs, he had tried to call Anna, and subsequently started panicking because practically every phone line in the city was jammed, and he couldn’t get in touch with her until hours later.
Cas doesn’t want to admit it, but he can’t lie; he’s pretty proud of himself, too.
He can feel Sam’s and Cas’ eyes on him as he steps back up to the mic, the cheers getting louder and louder. He shoots them an incredulous look before rolling his shoulders back and crooning into the microphone, “
“What—” His head shoots up and he comes face-to-face with Dean, still grinning, only this time with a bit more of a twinkle in his eye.
Dean grins apologetically. “Would you believe we got let out early on good behavior?”
Dean reaches into his back pocket, pulls out a Sharpie, and brandishes it at Cas, his eyes sparkling. Cas looks at him uncertainly as he takes the marker and uncaps it. Finally, he decides on something and scribbles it across the photo before recapping the marker, pushing them both back toward Dean, and promptly getting up and leaving before Dean sees him spontaneously combust from embarrassment.
It’s more information than Dean had learned in going on nine months, and he files it away with the other meager tidbits he’d managed to gather. “No brothers,” he repeats. “Noted. So, uh, what about sisters? Any siblings at all?”
“Ah, but he doesn’t right now, does he?”
Dean’s not looking at him, but Cas can tell by the way his eyes have gone dark that as much as he’d tried to hide it behind nonchalance and charm, he’d taken the comment to heart. He reaches up and gently tilts Dean’s head toward him so that they’re facing each other, and smiles. “Do you need me to remind you of how wonderful you are, Dean Winchester?”
It’s dark, but Dean can still see the eyeroll Sam throws his way. “It’s common courtesy.”
, not entirely; it’d been reserved for
“Jesus!” he yells. “What the hell is that?”
“Kid’s smart, then. Once he's awake, you
Hannah’s eyes light up. “Ooh, I was thinking the first one, but if you need help with the second—”
“In the drawer across from the fridge,” Dean says. Cas nods and makes his way over to the drawer when Dean suddenly lets out a pained yell that makes him stop in his tracks. Cas whirls around immediately and stares at Dean, who’s hunched over the counter, one hand clutching the other.
Okay, maybe they were only a foot or two, but give a Winchester a foot, and he’ll take a mile.
Cas doesn’t answer right away--he’s still a little pissed at Balthazar for inadvertently getting him written up during the fossil fight--and he tries to suppress the hint of a smile playing on his lips at the thought of Dean, but Balthazar notices and jumps on it immediately.
, rough and electric and new, and if they weren’t in public, Dean’s sure he’d be pressing his lips up against it too. As it is, though, he watches as Cas’ cheeks color even more as he blushes. “It’s a good look for you,” he says quietly, taking his time looking Cas up and down.
“Didn’t think you’d show up,” Dean says, slinging his arm across Cas’ shoulders and squeezing him close in a bro hug. Cas rolls his eyes, shoves his way out of Dean’s one-armed embrace, and starts toward the restaurant.
The incessant pounding on Cas’ door doesn’t stop, no matter how much Cas tries to ignore it, and he finally rolls over to answer. He grits his teeth as his bare feet touch down on the cold tile floor, and as he runs a hand through his disheveled hair, he swears he’s going to make Gabe pay for constantly forgetting his room key.
Dean’s not an idiot—he knows something about it seems off—but it’s a free ride closer to where they need to be, so he doesn’t hesitate in climbing into the passenger seat. Sam and Cas follow into the back, and Newsboy throws the car into gear, jerking them forward.
Dean's eyes go bright in the darkness, and Cas' heart jumps a little. "That'd be awesome, dude. You're not reading it?"
It doesn’t take long for the scene to become a mirror of what Dean remembers as the good old days: he and Bobby talking cars and current events, Sam with his nose in a book, sipping his beer distractedly, and damn, had he missed this. The defenses he hadn’t even realized he’d built up at Joliet (and well before, if he’s being completely honest with himself) start to crumble as he sinks deeper into that ratty old couch, replaced by something familiar, something real, something home.
Cas’ eyes dart from Hannah to Billie to Charlie, and they’ve all got the same expression of hopeful yet cautious optimism on their faces. It would be so easy for him to say no, to never have to see Dean Winchester again, but it’s even easier for him to cave to the desires of his friends, and he sighs.
. Billie finishes up the last few chords, and the studio bursts into a barrage of laughter and cheers and hollers.
Dean isn’t ashamed to admit that when Castiel had told ‘em his cousin’s place was “just over this hill,” he’d been picturing some kind of paradise, a promised land of sorts. Sure, that probably had more to do with being dehydrated and hungry enough to eat a horse than any actual evidence, but he’s still disappointed as it starts getting clearer and clearer that Castiel’s cousin’s place is bleaker than the jail they just escaped from.
“Yeah. It wasn’t--” He pauses, searching for the right words. “I didn’t handle it well,” he amends. “I co--”
He tosses it to the side and presses up against Dean harder. Dean stares at him, eyes shining.
Dean ignores him, instead asking, “Did you do that?” and jerking his thumb back toward the Christmas tree in the corner.
Dean almost broke at the unintentional innuendo. “Well speaking as an expert, I think I do a better job and you will get better results with clothes off.” It was the truth. But it was also his
“What do you mean?” Was Castiel referring to massage? Something else altogether?
“Eight-t, eighty-three!” Cas stuttered.
The question was both a shock and totally expected. How could I not notice the way he had been looking at me? Ogling, really. I didn’t actually expect him to act on it though. I didn’t see any harm in accepting. He was attractive and seemed nice. He had to be a good guy if he was chaperoning kids in his free time. That or a pedophile. Okay, that’s not funny.
“Sit yourself down, and we’ll have a chat. This is our first time together, so let's get to know each other a little.” He said as he shut the door.
“Be there in a sec!” Dean held up a hand but kept looking at Castiel. “I gotta go. How do I contact you?”
; totally
It felt like water was filling my ears. Or maybe it was my blood. My heart sure seemed loud enough for it. My hearing became muffled and all I could do was frown insistently at my uncooperative feet, getting more and more desperate. My vision swam as I tried to move my leg. I didn’t care if it would hurt. It didn’t work anyway. I kept trying and trying, but my broken body failed me. It didn’t make any sense. I could feel it, the way my leg should move. If I closed my eyes I could have tricked myself into believing it. Yet there they lay, completely motionless. There was no denying what was right in front of my eyes.
“You know I only tease you out of love, right? I don't mean anything by it.”
Dean rolled out from under the Impala, wrench in hand, squinting at Castiel from his dolly. “Uh, right now?”
“I've wanted to do this since our first night together. You were so passionate and strong, yet so caring. You started a flame inside me that burns only for you. I want to set you ablaze too.”
I never really considered myself a romantic. Commitment and long-term relationships were not very high on my priority list. Not with school and all my plans for travel and world exploration. But now, the thought seemed laughable; impossible even. Who would ever be interested in someone with this level of dysfunction? Nobody sees a guy in a wheelchair and thinks
Dean snorted, “You’re a smart one, Cas I’ll give you that.”
“Yeah? How’s that?”
Gabriel stayed with me for the rest of the day. I complained, but deep down I was glad he was there. He convinced me to call our parents before I went to bed. There were too many tears on both ends for my taste, but they promised to come and visit as soon as they could catch a flight. The next morning Gabriel started talking about the logistics of my condition. I had an incomplete spinal cord injury at the L1-L2 level, which is basically just above the highest point of my pelvis, according to Dr. Sweet. The good news was that I’d still have control of my core for the most part. It would make getting around a million times better than if I didn’t have that control. The bad news was… well a lot of things, but probably the grossest was the incontinence.
“Oh, okay, let me get my planner.” That wasn’t so special. Why did she look so excited?
“I have one more customer tonight. After that, I’m not really sure. We’ll see what I feel like doing.”
“Alright. You were closest the first time when you guessed sixty-seven. Ready or not, here I come!”
“I’m talking about sex, Dean.”
“You’re the pro. I’m at your mercy.”
“You don’t say. That’s pretty cool. And quite unexpected.”
“N-No jus-st… AH!”
I flushed. “Thank you. I just try to remember how I wanted to be talked to when I was young.”
I couldn’t move. I couldn’t even tell if I should be moving. The world was dull and blurred around me. My ears rang. I couldn’t make sense of anything. There was white light shining from somewhere and the world looked like it was zooming past me. It was like I was still traveling through space but gravity was in the wrong place. I shut my eyes against it, nausea rising in me. Then all of a sudden I noticed the pain. I might have screamed. I wanted to scream. My leg felt like it was on fire. My whole body felt like it had been used in a game of hacky sack by a group of muay thai boxers. I tried to move my arm just to see if I could and a thousand knives flayed my nerves.
bikes. And
“Dean, let’s go!” The other chaperone, a middle-aged woman with spiky hair, called from the hallway that led to the beetles.
“Sure.”
“Hmmm…” Dean smiled as he thought, still buried in Cas’ shoulder. “Okay, I’ll think of a number between 1 and 100. All you gotta do is guess it.”
The nurse left with a cheery goodbye. The doctor came about ten minutes later.
When he turned around, Castiel was awkwardly fidgeting on the edge of the table. He looked like an anxious little boy at his first doctor’s appointment, and Dean struggled not to snort at the thought.
“Well, you had a bit of a concussion. The fact that we’re speaking right now is an excellent sign. You came in and out of consciousness for about thirty-six hours. You may experience some memory loss, mood swings, or difficulty with certain tasks. We’ll monitor this and have a better idea of the effects soon.”
“But…!”
“I wanted a degree so I could study wildlife. How am I supposed to do that with my ass in a chair?”
The luxurious hum Castiel made nearly gave Dean the chills. “I never thought I’d say it but yes. This is excellent.”
“You’re right. Plus they’re so far away. It would be harder for you to go back to school.”
“Cas, your life is not over. You’re still alive. You got away lucky.”
“Ah-ha, an excellent guess, but sorry, not quiet. Forty-two may be the answer to the question of life, but not this question.”
“Aw, come on! It won’t be so bad, it’ll be just like when we were kids!”
“It’s next Friday…” She waited.
“Guess what!” Anna exclaimed abruptly.
“Ah-ah,” A finger placed over his lips silenced him, and Cas warned gently, “no talking, please.”
“Maybe I should come up with a few games myself. I think it’s about time, don’t you?”
“I promise I’ll be nice. Trust me.” Dean pleaded.
“I think I’ll start with your legs. Is that okay?”
The wind began to pick up and I grimaced as I patted my unruly hair down. Oh well. It wasn’t like it was ever cooperative anyway. Ten minutes passed and Dean still hadn’t come. I set down my bag and put on the black riding coat. Another fifteen minutes and still nothing. The gift shop attendant had done the final lock-up and gave me a farewell nod, before leaving me alone. The first drop tapped onto the shoulder of my jacket, splatting right into my ear. The drops gradually increased in number and volume, until I was forced to hunch against the side of the building to avoid the worst of the downpour. After an hour I was done waiting. If Dean wasn’t that interested, that was fine. It wasn’t a big deal. I wasn’t one to stick around long anyway, and Dean had seemed a little too happy about what would most likely be a one night stand at worst, friends with benefits at best.
“Might as well,” I answered flatly. Best to get this over with and see what the damage was.
“I-hee hee, suh- huh... f-forty-twohoohoo!”
“Can you feel this?”
“I think I’ve started to. But I have a lifetime of learning to do if you’ll let me.” Cas tipped his head up and smiled brilliantly at Dean.
“Cas, fuck! Oh God, yes!” Dean sang a litany of praises, not believing how hard he was without having any direct stimulation to his dick. “God, you’re perfect Cas.”
Gabriel just gazed at me with pity. I had a feeling I would be getting that a lot from now on. I loathed it. I shook my head. “You know what the cherry on top is?” I paused, squinting with disdain. “I can’t even have sex anymore.”
“You’re right, it’s only fair. But once the ban is lifted, you had better watch yourself. I will have had a whole week to plot.”
“Goodbye, Dean,” I waved.
“Yeah,” Dean said cautiously.
“Dean?”
“Shit!” Sam’s team just lost the skirmish and the screen switched to the stat screen. “Are we still talking about this Castiel guy?” Sam asked, finally looking at Dean.
I checked my watch. Exactly five-thirty. I stepped outside into the cool air, leather jacket on my arm, and waited for Dean to show.
“No.”
Dean left the room and waited eagerly. What a way to end a week. Maybe he was being inappropriate, but he could indulge in this a little and go back to being professional on Monday. If Castiel ever returned (God, he hoped so) he would put all these thoughts behind him and treat him just like any other customer. It was just so rare to get someone so appealing. Most of them were gossipy middle-aged women or geriatric patients with loads of cash and time to spare. That was perhaps an exaggeration, but sometimes it felt like those were the only clients he ever saw. And even then, they were all good people, including the the whiny ones. But to get his hands on a gem like Castiel… that was just a treat.
“No, no more games.” Cas griped.
“Awesome. What are your thoughts on the clothes? I can do it with clothes on if you like. I’ll wash my hands really well, I promise.”
Cas barely had a chance to get out a shocked
“Anytime.”
a child. Sixty-nine? Really?”
Even if Dean were allowed to speak he probably wouldn’t have. Cas had begun to caress his calf, all the way up to his knee, which turned out to be surprisingly pleasant. No one had ever paid this much attention to his calves before; who would think to? But when Cas massaged the muscle and added his lips into the mix again, brushing delicately over his leg hair and pressing into the soft skin to the side his knee, Dean could do nothing but hum in pleasure. Gentle fingers were playing at the back of his knee, which filled his belly with sunshine, making him want to laugh again. He didn’t quite laugh, but he did wriggle his shoulders in delight and press deeper into the mattress. Cas spent a good deal of time here as well, smiling into his kisses when Dean called his name occasionally.
Castiel was keeping it casual, but being complimented for something other than his skill felt so good. “Thanks, Cas. You may have just made my day.”
If Dean could speak, he probably would have needled Cas for being so sappy and poetic. But another part of him wanted to confirm that Cas already does that. Every day, with every nerdy explanation, with every accidental joke, the pouty frowns and squinty smiles. Dean's heart was already on fire, more than Cas could ever know.
“Yeah, Cas, shut up and get to the point. What do you mean, different?” Dean rolled the rest of the way out and stood, brushing himself off as he talked.
“You really like bees, huh?” The man said without preamble.
Cas refused to respond to that, trying to come up with another guess. Sam’s birthday maybe?
He thought to himself. Dean was taken with him instantly. His dark, messy hair, brilliant blue eyes, even the bashful posture he held was alluring. He hoped this guy didn’t turn out to be a dick bag. What a waste that would be.
Castiel sure knew how to flatter a guy. It just made him want to work even harder for him. “Hm-hm! You bet.”
The tumult of rain splashing down around me was broken by the blare of a car horn. My misty vision sharpened for an instant before a shredding pain tore through my right leg and side as the world spun sideways.
“If you say so.”
“...Seriously?”
Cas lifted himself away from where he’d leaned over Dean to scope out his next conquest. He crawled backward, all the way down so he knelt between Dean’s shins, and started slowly petting his legs.
It was a fairly busy day at the butterfly garden. Friday’s were always busy because that’s when schools would take the kids out for field trips. The garden had a small apiary which produced just enough honey to sell at the gift shop. The bees were my specialty. It was a perfect, low-stress job for a student. When I wasn’t tending them or helping elsewhere in the garden, I gave talks about honey bees and honey production. I was giving one such presentation when I first saw him.
“Hm-hm-hm, took too long, Cas. I love this spot.” Dean murmured into Cas ear as he arched off the couch. “Right here. I love the way you move. I love the way you laugh.” Dean dug in with one finger on each side, just below his scapulae, occasionally drawing firm tiny circles in alternating directions. Cas twisted and thrashed but couldn’t escape the electrifying sensations. The longer Dean lingered, the more it seemed to tickle. He felt like he would explode. He quickly made a decision and made one last desperate effort to overcome this ridiculous trial.
what’s the challenge? Give me a break, Dean.”
The rest of the evening had gone smoothly without further accusations of inappropriate thoughts about Dean’s clients, deserved though they may be. When Monday morning came, Dean set up his room, getting ready for the day as usual. Anna knocked, but it was too early for his first client.
Finally, everything went mercifully black.
“What do you mean? You out of wheelchairs or something?” I said sarcastically, dreading whatever the doctor had to say that made him so somber.
“Very much. I think they are quite amazing.” I said, with a coy head tilt.
“Thanks for playing Cas, that was fun,” Dean grinned, charmingly.
Castiel relaxed again immediately, which Dean wasn’t expecting. “It’s okay,” Castiel mumbled cutely.
Dean asked him to lay on the reclined table. When he was settled, Castiel looked to Dean like a lost puppy. “Now what?” It was like Dean was subjecting him to some heinous torture; Dean almost wanted to laugh, but he thought that would not be productive just now. He picked up the oil and coated his hands.
“Fuck.”
Dean froze. Finally, the ruthless fingers stopped and simply rested on Cas’ chest.
Cas microwaves himself some leftover pasta and brings it over to the table, where his notepad and pen are lying from where he’d left them at work. While he waits for the pasta to cool, he uncaps the pen with his teeth and drums it against the blank paper, then starts writing.
him sing? And his ey--” Dean cuts himself off after a quick glance at Cas, after which he looks down, almost sheepishly. “He’s just, I don’t know, he’s cute. And I mentioned it in front of Anna, and she flipped.”
Cas’ cheeks go just the slightest shade of pink as he looks down at himself, then back up at Dean. “Thank you.” He smooths out the waistcoat against his chest, and Dean grins. “This is...very nice.”
“Yeah, whole lot of good that does us now, huh?”
“Uh, what’s the holdup?” Dean asks, leaning forward to wave a hand in front of his brother’s face. “Sam? Saaaaaam—”
, he tells himself, his inner voice sounding an awful lot like his old therapist.
Novak—from moving past him. “How’d you get saddled with a name like that?” he asks.
The two of them settle on the couch, as usual, clink their bottles together, as usual, and throw on a random episode of
Sammy’s voice barely registers over the music Dean’s got on full blast, some Icelandic rock band one of his students turned him onto a few weeks ago. Dean purses his lips and hell, nobody’s around, so he adds a little hip-shake in for good measure as he digs through the cabinets, looking for more salt.
LaFitte leans in at that and glances around, like he’s on the lookout for eavesdroppers he’d have to kill—which, given his track record, may not be too far outside the realm of possibility. “Bacon tomorrow, though,” he says quietly before tossing an extra piece of cornbread at Dean. “Keep it on the down-low, huh?”
And, well, Cas hadn’t been expecting that. He’s waiting Billie to burst out laughing, to let him in on the joke, expose the hidden cameras somewhere, but there’s nothing, and he smiles at the realization that this is her version of approval. No bullshit, no nothing.
Dean glances up toward Aiden’s dad’s voice, then back to Aiden. “Listen to your dad,” he says, “and when you finally
When Sam doesn’t answer, Dean’s back to being stuck with nothing but Novak’s clipped tone and brooding blue eyes. He tries again. “We could’ve been well on our way to Topeka if—”
he should look, but he’s still fixated on the fact that Cas is single, and that he
Back at the house, they’re greeted by an extremely enthusiastic Rudy, the bell around his collar chiming as he bounces around at their feet, panting excitedly and begging for them to pet him. Dean obliges for a few seconds before nudging the dog aside, running his hand along the hallway wall until they get to the living room.
Dean flashes him a small, humorless grin. “I’d flunk out in a second, and you know it. Plus, no rules, no one to report to: I kind of like being my own boss.”
was better.”
It takes a few minutes, but eventually, Cas can feel Dean’s body go lax under him as he starts to doze off, and he grins up at Dean’s sleeping form. Dean’s head is tilted back over the top of the couch and he’s snoring softly, his mouth slightly ajar. He’s stopped carding his fingers through Cas's hair and is simply resting his hand on top of his head now, and Cas hasn’t felt this content in a long time. He’s only got a few minutes left of his break, but suddenly, he’s got the energy boost he needs to finish up his last few hours before he can go home with Dean and they can spread out on their own couch in front of their own tree.
“Sorry I was late,” Cas says softly.
“Relax, dude,” she says, grinning. “Just givin’ you shit. It’s sweet.”
Dean grins and leans back in his chair smugly. “I’ve already had free bee-scotti and probably the greatest goddamn cannoli ever known to mankind, no thanks to you.” He nods toward Castiel, who’s watching the three of them patiently, waiting for his chance to speak.
. “Oh. Right.”
Dean won’t look at the camera.
“We were recording an emergency episode of the podcast,” he says, “about you.”
notice a plate sitting on the top of one of the cases. There’s a small placard next to it, and Dean smirks when he reads the words “Today’s special: bee-scotti” with a hastily-drawn bumblebee buzzing around the letters.
, but a return to the manufactured drama and routine—even if it is temporary—is more of a salve to Cas than he can communicate. He knew he’d missed this, but he hadn’t realized how much. While he’d love to shoot the shit and record regular episodes with his friends back in the basement of Ansin, he’ll take what he can get...and being able to get his boyfriend in on it all? Even better.
The runners waiting anxiously in front of them, bouncing from foot to foot, trying to expel some nervous energy, start to move forward slowly until the starting line comes into view.
Sam chuckles. “Dean’ll do that to you,” he says, getting to his feet and clapping Cas on the back, pointedly ignoring the middle finger Dean shoots his way. “I’m starving. Gonna go check on the poles.”
“Son of a
“Cas wouldn’t do it,” Dean says simply.
“His name is None of Your Goddamn Business,” Dean snaps, making another grab for the book.
trusted
“Easy. First rule of art,” Dean says, leaning back against his desk, arms folded across his chest, “this shit’s subjective. To some people, art’s just Monet and van Gogh, but to others, it’s whoever the hell is responsible for Success Kid. And what I want you to do is create your own.”
the damn thing. It’s the same one that’d been pulled on Sam himself back in the cafe, right before Crowley’d played them for fools. For a second, Dean wonders how Sam even got ahold of it, and his mind races—Crowley shooting the man dead, leaving them there with the body, driving off…
Dean barks out a hollow laugh at that. “Guess not,” he mutters. He pulls the sleeve of his coat up over his hand, then starts rubbing at his face, wincing every so often whenever he hits a particularly tender spot.
Before he can think about it too much, he blurts out, “Something way better than food, Sammy.”
Cas sucks in a breath and nods, forcing a smile onto his face. “Can I assume you’ll be buying our hot dogs?” he asks.
Dean stares at him. “Beg pardon? I gotta
“I don’t smell any pizza, Sammy!”
reading—“He cut the kid’s fucking
Cas shifts his weight from foot to foot, stroking his thumb absently along Dean’s wrist. “I’m not sure I’m comfortable—”
“Oh, so
. Hope you enjoy :)
“Shouldn’t I be the one asking you that question?” Chuck grins mischievously, and Dean unconsciously taps his pocket with the ring again.
“I managed,” he says, then sticks his hand out to Cas. “Dean Winchester.”
“You can start putting them on the tray if you want,” he says. “It’s sitting on the stove, there’s some olive oil spread over it already.”
likes. “Is that even a question?” He shakes his head. “This was incredible. I don’t--” he shakes his head, “--I don’t really even think I have the words right now.”
Cas stands outside of Harry’s, staring through the glass windows at the people enjoying their meals and
; I thought you said the Red
A quick scan of the fence shows there aren’t any weak spots for him to take advantage of, so he settles on a spot nestled deep in the shadows, far away from the warden’s spotlight cutting every so often through the night. Dean ignores the mud soaking into his pants when he drops to his knees and starts fiddling with the chain link along the perimeter of the grounds. He’s careful as he works, snipping at the metal with the bolt cutters as quietly as he can, but the twang as the metal snaps still sounds deafening in his ears, echoing through the night.
The three of them white-knuckle it all the way to Eudora, and while it’s the longest trip Dean’s ever been on, the sight of civilization is almost worth it all. Garth pulls into a parking spot right in front of Eudora County Bank, and Dean releases a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding.
“'67 Chevy Impala," Dean says affectionately.  "Used to drive her everywhere. Sammy’d get pissed because I’d drive her early in the morning, and her engine'd wake him up.” He chuckles at the memory, and Cas smiles into his lap.
“Only a few,” Cas sighs.
Dean smacks Cas’ shoulder. “Don’t ruin my moment. I like it enough for both of us. You have a tape recorder?” he mumbles as he kisses up and down Cas’ neck.
