Dean sighed and dropped his hand from the doorknob. He's been through this a hundred times before in different states. Observant people noticing how often dad's gone, how he sometimes comes to school in gashes and bruises, and once an especially observant woman noticed how Dean was caring a little bit
Dean thought for a moment, doing the math in his head. "But, that was like, three weeks after we came here," he realized, astonished. "You've wanted us since then?"
"You little bitch!" he screamed before kicking her in the stomach, making her gasp in pain and let go of the hand. Holding the injured hand to his chest, the man watched the blood flow down his arm.
It took a moment for the words to sink in; the room was silent. Then the boy’s face fell, and his breathing hitched. “You really don’t trust me?”
? I’ve basically abandoned you and the kids and because of me, Bucky is going into a potentially life-threatening surgery and you’re saying that I should be focusing on
"I'm sorry, you don't have to answer! I was just curious and my dad never wanted to talk about it and-"
“Hey, just be happy Papa convinced Dad to wait until winter break to start decorating,” Bruce warned the teen, smiling. “As much as Dad says he hates Christmas, it’s his favourite time of the year.”
"Dr Mills said I was too young to be having sex. Asked me how I felt if Clint started, which, ew. And-I-she got in my head and I wanted to prove her wrong, I guess" Dean admitted.
"Apparently ours does." The engineer groaned and leaned back in his chair. "We should be elated right now, but I'm just-I'm just fucking confused, Steve."
The man looked into the eyes of all of his children, spending a little longer to get Clint to agree and make sure he knew the warning was primarily for the rambunctious boy.
Steve chuckled lightly as he kissed his husband. "That's why you love me. Now. Let's take care of our newest son."
because my foster sons are connected to a potentially dangerous man, my husband is withholding sex from me until we finish this assinine conversation and you are having a fucking drink when I would kill for a shot of vodka." Steve shot Tony a worried look, rubbing the man's back in comfort.
“You do that. I can sit with him some more. Now that we’ve basically ruled out drugs, I’ll be looking for further symptoms and not just side effects.” Steve gestured for the man to go back downstairs to his lab, grabbing the remaining plate off the tray still in Tony’s arms before re-entering the boys’ bedroom.
"Look at this one, Sam!" Dean laughed, finding a picture of a young Sam, presumably having his first bath.
“I helped make your soup, Dean! I told Thor that we had to make you tomato rice, because that’s what you always make me when I’m sick! And you said it’s what mom used to make when you were sick, too, so it
He didn’t think he would get attached to anything in this new century because inside, he was still living in the old one. He always felt like an outsider, looking in on a world he couldn’t understand, that moved too fast – and for a man like him, moving too fast is like having his greatest nightmare coming to life.
not blaming you. I’m not blaming either of us.” Pepper says, and it’s strong, it’s hard and unyielding, it’s decision and demand, and even though the dark, vicious, malicious voices at the back of Tony’s head never stop whispering, they do go quieter, because Pepper’s voice is more important, more honest, more truth, more of what Tony so desperately needs to hear right now. “A relationship, even if it’s long, doesn’t magically transform people. I love you for who you are, and I want you to be that. So I can’t ask you to give something that makes you…
“Thor, we gonna need some clarification on that, buddy.” Tony tells him, turning around to look at him, just as Rogers and Natasha do the same.
“How are you sure he still has them?” Lang asks, curiously, but the question arrives at Tony’s brain like it’s jumbled, making no sense.
does, but by now, Tony has learned to work through it anyway. It was a necessity. He has no time to feel uncomfortable, to think about caves and explosions and phantom presences by his shoulder, when his heart literally depended on it for over six years.
“You jumped off my shield into an alien ship flying over seventy miles an hour.” Steve points out, as if she could have
“I think we should go to Wakanda.” Steve tells her, immediately, and his tone comes off as a bit more rushed than he intended; But the jitters are driving him crazy. He takes off the communicator from his pocket and shows it to Natasha, as an explanation. “King T’Challa contacted me.”
so strong it seeps in through the jet, past the insolation, strong and disgusting, and it festers it all with the scent of burning rubber and sulfur, of fire, of doom.
, when the world is caving in on itself, when they are all straining under the same threat? No one. Not even Tony. This is not what this is about.
“We don’t know how that thing works, to be honest.” Bruce mumbles from somewhere behind him, but it’s not exactly a protest.
Pepper looks at him, her eyes gleaming with emotion, and Tony can’t help but amend, his own throat constricting, “I want you to know I’m here for you.”
, it feels like treading on thin ice, the verge of opening a door that holds something much too strong for him to fight off. “Yes, I know, you’re right. I just… I remember her watching the news and being completely devastated about the things they said about her. I don’t want her to go through that again.”
“It’s over three hundred tons of chemical compound in the atmosphere in less than twenty-four hours.” Tony explains, knowing that Pepper will follow along, all of her familiarity with the environment-friendly policy of SI being twisted into something horrifying right before her eyes. “Not counting plants, animals, and the crap that got loose in accidents. Smoke, fire—” He waves his hands dismissively, although the weight on his shoulders is anything but irrelevant.
“I can find Zen-Whoberi, but Vormir is a problem.” She admits. “Maw’s ship would have coordinates but it’s been destroyed.”
He came for accountability. Steve’s mind is still going haywire with that fact, trying to figure out what it had
It’s not reprehension, but it’s also not easy admittance – and it’s also not something in between. It sounds a little distant, like the words sink into her head in a place much deeper than they should go, and she’s following them down a specific path that Tony can’t reach from the outside. A place only for her, where she keeps the words and thoughts she doesn’t say out loud. Tony, who is always in awe of her, who is in a constant state of knowing exactly how she reacts and what she thinks and being surprised by it every single time, wonders what is going on in her mind.
“Too much?” Steve chuckles, interrupting his thoughts, and it’s got a shaky, uncertain tone to it, and it immediately turns Tony into an anxious, fumbling, not
Only Sam and Natasha are going with him. Clint, Wanda and Scott only nod and make agreement noises when he informs them, understanding; but Sam never cared much for Steve’s whole
“Thor, we need to find him.” Tony presses, as kindly as he can. “If he’s still alive, he might be the only one who can help us build this thing.”
Maria gets up, holding her robe around herself with her left hand, reaching for Howard’s extended one with her right. His hands are warm. He holds her gently by her fingers, leading her upstairs with a spring to his step, and the smile under his mustache is wicked and juvenile. It makes her feel a little nostalgic, lost in memories of a younger Howard Stark, terrible flirt, ambitious scientist, the brilliant man who married her and promised to give her the world.
Like it’s absurd and ridiculous and childish and she wants it so, so badly. A tone that, in anyone else’s throat, would have been laced with tears and garbles, but in Nebula’s, it’s just raw feeling and agony, sharp and violent, honest to the core, just like her. “And I
“This is not good.” Tony moans, looking frantically to the screen, trying to take in as many details as he can. “Not good. Not good.”
“I’m fine. No need to fuss, she’s done more than enough of that already.” Tony informs her in a placating tone, pointing at Nebula with a gesture of his head as casually as he can, reminding Pepper they are not alone.
“No one is going to steal it.” Nebula shrugs, and she looks at Tony as if she’s daring him to contradict her, smug.
“You mean—” Tony stops, and Steve stops too to look at him, startled by the way Tony’s eyes widen and his cheeks suddenly bloom red. “Are you— Are you asking me on a date?”
He knows what chaos sounds like. Why he’s at a corridor and not a room also tells him something – when he arrived, the rooms were
” She rages, but it’s not just rage – it’s her tears, and the way she can barely speak through her raw throat, is the fact that she’s not even looking at Steve at all; He’s just a body to hit, a person to blame, a reminder of a lost cause, and she doesn’t realize what Steve’s face actually looks like, how… how
Steve wants to say he didn’t see this coming, but he did. He’s not angry. He knew it was going to happen. He only wishes it wasn’t necessary.
, or whatever, and try to steal the thing that caused this in the first place. You don’t even know where he
“I’m sorry.” Wong ruefully says, and he sounds like he really means it. “There isn’t much I can do to help you at this point. The translation would take a long time, which I’m sure you can find ways to make it faster, and I cannot leave the Sanctum unguarded. As much as the world may need allies now, against Thanos, there are still other beings out there who have not attacked, but will, if we are more vulnerable. I cannot let that happen.”
in his heavy, sensitive lungs. Tony tries to take in a deep breath, unconsciously, his mouth falling open in terrified shock and agonized realization – and he chokes on
“Steve? Steve!” Sam’s voice sounds distant, like it’s coming from far away, and it takes a long painful minute before Steve can bring himself to focus again and actually see Sam standing beside him.
He thinks it through, burying panic under cold, calculating logic, and reaches some very important conclusions: The first possibility he discards is personal enemies. It would be much easier, and also much more reasonable, to find Howard alone in one of his major events of technology than following him in the dark in an empty road, if revenge is the main goal to achieve with his death. Revenge is petty and foolish, and it usually requires an audience. He very much doubts such an enemy would go so far just for the sake of vengeance, much less take the effort to make it look like an unfortunate accident.
? You can take your apologies right out of my workshop, Barton. Don’t let the door hit you on your way out.”
“Thor, buddy.” Tony exhales in a winded breath. “Please tell me that giant gauntlet in your hand means good news.”
“Yeah. And hey, you know just because we ain’t kids anymore doesn’t mean Barnes can’t kick your ass, right, Stark? In fact, he might kick your ass
His palms start to sweat, his throat turning suddenly desert-dry again, airways closing in a sudden snap of fear, and he has to close his eyes and force his body not to lock up before he descends into panic again, every single breath a struggle so tiring he feels like he’s much, much older than he truly is.
But he is. He always was, ever since he responded the call. First, as a fugitive, now, as a possible scapegoat.
“Makes sense.” Tony affirms. Guesses. He’s not sure yet. Not knowing how it works makes the logic of it hazy all around. “Wong did say each Stone attaches to one aspect that controls life. They might all work the same, but act on different objects.”
they!?” The raccoon demands, desperate, and Tony remembers them –Quill, Mantis, Drax. Gamora, Nebula’s sister, the one he never met.
It takes a mere second – the HUD sends him a handy warning that now more people are connected to his comms, and Tony wastes no time pulling up Carter’s line and making a call.
Tony isn’t shy about reaching out first now. He finds Steve in the gym and helps him go over his routine and new exercise plans. When they meet at the kitchen, they share a quick bite while watching some mindless show on TV – Tony apparently likes being the one providing Steve his pop culture knowledge.
, Tony’s heart had beaten so wildly with fear and apprehension he thought he might die.  Tony would’ve
“Tony. I really missed you. We both did.” Steve gulps down hard, his jaw working almost hypnotically. “I’m sorry I couldn’t keep in touch.”
“Tomorrow.” She says, softly, but with a pause that indicates strongly that is not merely a comment, it’s a serious, deliberate request. “Can you please promise me you won’t put yourself into harm’s way at the first chance you get?”
Pepper Potts, the final part. And all the hard-to-say words that follow. We need to close this door so the next one can open - and I don't mean to Steve; but to a discussion we desperately need to have, about what is truly pushing Tony forward at this point, and the issues I feel like many of us, Tony stans, have some problems talking about. I will not shy away from them, and neither should you. We're cracking the eggs to make the omelet. I told you once that Pepper means something to the story, that she represents a very important part of the very essence of the Tony Stark character in the MCU: Priorities, and Purpose. Remember that? Well, that's not the whole story. There's also one more thing that she represents, something very important that you've heard a lot about:
“I don’t know.” Nebula admits. “I don’t know exactly where it is, but using the energy that’s left in the ship and whatever extra energy we should take out of you, two jumps should be enough.”
He wonders— He wonders what it is that makes Vision and Wanda so attracted to each other. It doesn’t seem to be physical, so it’s not a matter of clinging to an available partner after the thrill of a fight. If it was, Wanda could’ve been attached to anyone, especially Clint, since he’s the one – the human one, at least – who stays with her the most. Not that it would be right, or that Clint would do anything, but Steve has lived in war and he knows these things happen. Emotions get out of control and people do things they wouldn’t do otherwise. But if it were to happen,
“We’ll think of something.” Rogers insists, and they all know it’s useless to argue with him when he’s like this, even Bruce, who closes his mouth and nods, despite the fact he still keeps squirming anxiously in his seat next to Thor.
He can only watch, heaving and helpless, as Bruce lays down the book and runs his hands over his face, pushing his glasses up until they almost fall off his face, and he has to take them off before they break on the floor. He looks like he’s thinking so hard there should be smoke leaving his ears. He pulls up a chair and sits by the table, like he doesn’t have the strength to hold himself up anymore, and Tony jitters in place as he takes in a breath, clearly steeling himself for whatever he’s about to say, and Tony has no idea what that’ll be.
“Maybe they’re not.” Rhodey shrugs. “Maybe Bruce has a point. They’re just trying to protect themselves.”
“I can remove all traces of the brainwashing he received, but it won’t be enough. He is in pain. He has felt nothing but fear and anger for years, and now he finally can feel other things, the emotion he will feel the most is
“So dark energy it’s not just something that’s making the universe wider, it can also be used to shrink and twist it at will?” Bruce asks, raising his eyebrows, looking at Thor through his eyelashes as his head bows down in thoughtful consideration.
Steve gives him a nonsensical look, actually kind of amused; Because he knows Sam is indignant for what he has just learned, learned about
getting the best of them again, setting up the perfect stage for Zemo’s plan to unfold with no help at all.
, and he’s not forgetting them anytime soon. But this is not a competition. Steve has to stop believing this is all about their egos and trying to one up each other, because it’s
Tony had almost forgotten what it’s like, to have Bruce around. He missed terribly. Bruce is such a good man, a brilliant mind who has been dealt a tough hand, with the lines on where he refuses to be diminished and where he refuses to be uplifted so tangled together it looks like a mess of exposed wires, that has to be dealt with calmly, with ease and respect, or else it falls apart. Sounds terrifying, for a guy who has to control the Hulk, but’s it’s really not. It’s so… It’s so
The man is dark-skinned, bald and stern-looking, eyes dark and mouth closed tight in an expression that is almost a grimace and speaks purely of rigid authority. He keeps his hands clasped together behind his back, showing no hesitation in putting his chest completely open, no fear in making himself a target to Jarvis’ pistol if needed so.
Every time Tony said he would stop but he didn’t. Every time she said she would come by the Compound and be more present in the face of Tony’s other occupation and then didn’t.
He stands there helplessly, immovable, and Shuri is almost back inside when she suddenly turns around excitedly, her entire face lighting up in joy, shocking him for a second.
“Must be nice.” He deliriously mutters, head lolling back, hitting the wall behind him with a dull sound that somehow vibrates all the way inside of his temples. “Not feeling cold.”
“His case isn’t bad.” Natasha reassures, after a pause. “He’ll be fine. It’s our reputation we should be worried about.”
“I wasn’t the one who had something one the line here!” She growls, completely ignoring his silent request for mercy. “Barnes is
“A lot of what we have is left from JARVIS and Vision. Ultron tried his best to take himself totally out of my systems – he was having a bit of a rebellious phase.” Tony mmuses, the instinct to joke too deeply ingrained to stop, but his eyes never stray from the screen, where FRIDAY starts to pull up the files Tony has kept hidden for years now, files he never thought he would take another glance at ever again. “But still, part of what he was… was in JARVIS. Same thing with Vision.”
Tony considers this for a moment, but seeing as he has no better ideas, he nods. “So we’ll do that too. And hopefully, it’ll be enough to buy us some time.”
muttered under his breath. Tony turns to follow him, not allowing himself to think too hard on the fact that he is doing this, he is leaving Pepper here with the agents to head upstairs and greet Thor, to see if his crazy idea has any chance of working, if he can put his life on the line for this shot that’s not even certain to pay off; And only when he turns he realizes Rogers is
“Ross is not the Accords’ executioner, Steve.” Natasha growls, but she doesn’t correct him. “Out of all of us, Bruce was the one who felt the weight of every casualty the most. He would have seen the necessity for the Accords, even if he didn’t sign them. And if Ross was the one to present them to him, he would have refused and
, just like Rhodey used to be after his first few tours. Suddenly, it all clicks together – the willingness to jump to sex despite being embarrassed for wanting it, harsh kisses, as if he didn’t know how to do it any other way, but always so eager to when Tony turns his lips gentle, the… The fact that he goes so
“And you learned to be a spy while you were there? Don’t get me wrong, man, but you’re not really big on the
For someone who makes such a strong distinction between right and wrong, Steve is coming to understand he lives in areas that are far less clear-cut than he’d like to admit, a line he’s been tiptoeing on since forever, and he never realized it. Violence as peace, lying in the name of truth.
Not when there’s a single chance that he might still get Peter back. He won’t settle for anything less.
won’t help!” Tony steps forward, almost into Cap’s face, gesticulating forcefully just out of frustration of not being able to hit Steve in the
“I would appreciate having a place to rest before I can return home. If that’s alright, of course.” Thor kindly says, nodding at Stark.
After a heartbeat, Tony raises one hand, palm up, pulling back his tracksuit so he can expose the inside of his forearm to Nebula to inspect, despite the fact that the marks have long faded away, many, many months ago. But he can still feel them, if he shifts it just right. Sometimes, he does. To remind himself he’s got the armor with him. That he isn’t
There is one thing in particular I'd like to mention that I feel like is essential to truly comprehend the differences in my approach and MCU's approach to A:E. Ironically, the issue is time. I've mentioned before that rumors have implied that the plot of this movie won't pick up until four years after the snap - and not only that, but in the very first minute of the trailer, we see Tony leave a voice message to Pepper, acknowledging he will die because he couldn't reach Earth on time. Do you know what this kind of moments causes? They cause what some people call regrets of the dying. The moment when you realize you're going to die and you can't stop it, many people - and I have no doubt in my mind that Tony is one of those people - simply let all their grudges and hesitations go. It's acceptance of death that causes complete surrender and erasure of past troubles.
this. Even he can barely speak, even if the words sound short and painful to pronounce, he has to say them. “I hurt him, and I put you at risk. I’m sorry.”
Natasha considers him for a moment, trying to keep her posture formal and stiff, but Steve can see the way her shoulders slump only a tiny bit at the new information, a brief relief she won’t allow anyone to know she feels, by knowing Tony is not in any sort of life-threatening danger. But, as immediately as that happens, she cocks her head a bit to the side, analyzing Steve with confused, extremely curious eyes. “This is really bothering you, isn’t it?” She says offhandedly, using a tone much softer than Steve would’ve expected she’d use. “Why?”
“That doesn’t make sense.” Rogers argues, his face pinched in confusion, as if he’s struggling to keep up. “We never saw Wanda display any… prophetic abilities—”
<search database= “Maria Stark” / analog= “Mrs. Stark” ref= “Jarvis.speech”/ designation= “mother” / SPEECH PATTERN NOT RECOGNIZED>
“Quick response.” Tony nonsensically replies, before he snaps a little more awake, more aware, and his brain actually provides a question that is relevant. “What do they have for us?”
He unthinkingly looks Tony up and down, to the straight, sure angle of his raised head, the sinuous arch of his spine, out in the chest, curved in the lower back, the muscles in his legs, imagining him as graceful as Natasha is when she practices; until he realizes he
Of course Tony would need them. They were the Avengers. The world needed them. While they were divided, the world would never be safe.
When they first met, long before Steve was even out of the ice, the Winter Soldier shot Nat right through the belly. He was the protagonist of Natasha’s bedtime stories as a captive under the KGB, stories that were not about monsters in closets or under the bed – but monsters armed with guns and knives, that are stronger than her, more skillful than her, and to stand in their way would mean death. Steve remembers the first time she told him about the Winter Soldier, and he can remember how
It could be minutes. It could be hours. Time doesn’t really matter anymore, once the enemy has taken it all.
How she and Gamora must have felt, two kids trapped in a prison they were yet too young to understand, but old enough to learn, to suffer, to be molded into something they were never meant to be in the first place.
He tells himself the Accords are the priority now. Until Scott’s fate is decided, truly decided, the Accords are the main threat.
He doesn’t know what has happened to the world, outside this small, silent, fake shell of protection Nebula has crafted for him.
“I would.” Tony hastily says, nevermind if it’s actually true or not. He’d make it true. He could. He’s a genius, he’ll figure a way to keep himself busy. There are other ways to be useful to the next generation of heroes without actually going out to fight. Tony is getting old anyway. Retirement is not a bad idea. He would do it – for her. He’d do it. “We settle down, in a farm, somewhere, away from everything. Just me and you. No one else. No suits.”
. “Even if each person had only dispersed ten grams, it would still amount to over three hundred tons of chemicals and particles, without accounting for vegetation and animal life, or particles that have been released into the ocean and other bodies of water—"
“They don’t listen to you?” Nebula frowns, disbelieving, if not a little sarcastic, still not looking up at him.
Tony has to physically distance himself from the argument to avoid exploding into something far more bitter and biting than what he’s already turning into, and he turns his head to the side almost like he’s trying to break the hold of someone who has his face trapped in their hands, as if some unknown entity is responsible for the way he’d been watching Barton slowly break down in front of him like it’d been a
JARVIS would have pressed the point, even if only once – Vision never had. When Tony slowly came back, because he always did, Vision accepted his help and his company not eagerly, but accepting, almost a little shy. As if he didn’t know where to stand with Tony anymore.
, and pretend there isn’t a world out there who needs his help. He wishes, even if it’s just for a split second of a moment, that he could ask FRIDAY to call Pepper and ask her to come back to bed. To bundle with her beneath the sheets and sleep for a week, to silently wrap her arms around him and rest easy knowing she’s right there, that they are safe, and he still has her.
work if we did it differently and took a longer route – but that would have really bad consequences and we don’t even know if it would be effective either. At this point, everything is just a gamble.”
At the end of the day, Steve still believes that the safest hands are their own, and he is still willing to fight for that right. And it hurts, it cuts deep and makes him bleed, because even though his instinct is to push out his chest and say he will make the call and act on it even if the world tells him he’s wrong, the thought that immediately follows that one is the image of his shield, broken and bloodied, painted on a brick wall, the evidence of the fear he left behind along with the destruction his presence brought, everywhere he went.
He nervously paced to one of the spare bedrooms and made sure to take a hot shower. He scrubbed his entire body, once, twice, making sure every drop of sweat was rinsed from his skin. The billionaire shuddered as Steve’s blood colored the soap red before it washed down his now flaccid cock. He coughed as he caught a sniff of metal, the unmistakable scent of blood filling his nostrils before vanishing down the drain.
Pepper was working at a picknick table underneath the big tree, enjoying the shade it provided on this already warm day. She looked up from her laptop, reading glasses sliding slightly down her nose. ‘Thank you, Wanda,’ she smiled and offered the two men to take a seat. ‘Tell me, what can I do for you today?’
‘Who knows,’ Wanda shrugged and she crouched down, her eyes now meeting those of the raven, ‘care to tell us who you are?’ she asked with a gentle smile, her voice soft and kind, but she tilted her head slightly as the child did not reply.
‘Might I, maybe…?’ Loki asked as he looked at the tech, his fingers digging into the leather fabric of the couch as he tried to keep them from staying towards the arm.
‘Loki,’ Steve started, noticing the red color on the raven’s cheeks. ‘Aren’t you warm? You were wearing a long-sleeved shirt yesterday as well, weren’t you?’
The other man closed his laptop and took a sip of his bourbon, a hand buried casually in the pocket of his expensive robe. He did seem bothered, but not necessarily remorseful. ‘Really, Tony, I do hope you understand someone is trying to sabotage me.’ He shook his head and sighed. ‘And all I wanted to do was give you a nice present.’
‘Quill?’ Peter asked surprised as he looked at the others. ‘Can’t remember anyone saying they had a mission scheduled with him.’
Tony grinned at the thought, suddenly pulling the captain against himself, his hands trailing from the man’s shoulders to the small of his back. His body pressed tightly against that of the blond, ‘And after a nice hot shower,’ he whispered in the his ear, the kisses growing more fervent, ‘we could-’
PS. For those who do not know, the three Norns in Norse mythology are female beings who rule the destiny of gods and men. I guess you could say they are the gods of the Asgardians... If that makes any sense XD
‘What did you do?’ The playboy asked, looking like he was about to explode. ‘What was in that champagne? Did you poison us?!’
‘Miss Potts was here about an hour ago and I can tell that she was not amused!’ Fury said as he leaned on his desk, his one eye peering at the blond in front of him. ‘According to her you crossed the line.’
‘It is not you I hear!’ Loki snapped, ‘well, I do hear you as well, but, it is something else.’ He looked up and into the shadows of the forest, glancing at every moving plant and branch. ‘I hear the voices of the restless who cannot pass…’
Peter wrapped one hand around the raven, while the other clenched on the bars of the cart, making sure to hold on tight. ‘Snacks are on your right! On your right!’ he shouted, noticing how people dodged into the shelves to avoid getting hit. ‘And slow down! This is a grocery store, not a race track!’
‘No, just-’ Tony hissed as he quickly slapped Steve’s hand from his thigh. How he wanted to pull over and kiss the doll. How he wanted to turn around and take him home, his arms wrapped around his body as they would lay in bed.
‘Well,’ Vision smiled, wondering how to best explain himself. ‘You are not wrong, I am a creation of Tony’s making, however,’
‘Oh, but my dearest captain,’ Tony smirked as his hands trailed down Steve’s cheeks to his shoulders, panting softly in the man’s ear as he whispered in a sultry voice, ‘you have no idea what I do when I’m alone.’
‘And the saddest part is that Loki did not have to do all this,’ Natasha held a stack of papers in her hand, flipping through them as she continued. ‘I did some research. All the papers of the refugees are properly taken care off. There was no way Killian could have expelled them from the Mansion, let alone send them back to their own countries.’
‘Monster energy…’ he mumbled. He looked at Tony, wanting to ask him if it was okay for him to take this, but as the billionaire was already focused on his project, he decided not to disturb him again.
‘I don’t think anything, Stark,’ Rogers sighed, a grim expression forming on his face. ‘But that boy is hiding something, and I need to know what.’
‘Oh, right,’ the raven nodded and he stood up. He walked over to the pebbles, crouched down and picked up the somewhat blue stone, but he quickly turned around again as he saw a large shadow next to him. The small god froze as he stared at a man with dark brown hair, his brown eyes hidden behind glasses.
Sorry I didn't post any chapters yesterday (though I did promise) but I was a bit to busy celebrating Halloween! (I celebrated it yesterday because of work reasons ^^'
‘I don’t think so, Steve,’ Tony sighed and he took another sip from his Jack Daniel’s. He closed his eyes, trying to block the murmuring around him and focus on the jazzy tunes coming from an old jukebox. ‘Killian was murdered. Loki is the only one with a motive and he was with our victim at the time of death.’
‘Was he drunk enough to just fall out of the window?’ Tony asked as he sat backwards on his chair, a smile on his face as he was about to win his bet with Sam.
‘This!’ he turned his call into a video chat and showed the present standing in his common room. ‘What the actual
‘Oh, no, please don’t worry!’ Peter said with as much of a reassuring smile as he could muster, ‘My dad Tony always played a DVD every time I didn’t want to go to bed. Worked like a charm, I was always out cold within the first five minutes.’ He laughed nervously, hoping the god would agree with his tactic.
Loki observed the captain, paying close attention to every move the man made. Wanting to make himself useful, he had tried to help Steve and Clint to prepare lunch in the large open kitchen. ‘Okay,’ he nodded determinately. He took a deep breath and placed his feet firmly on the small wooden stool he stood on so he could actually see what he was doing. He threw the pancake high up in the air, only problem, instead of catching it with the frying pan, the pancake landed right on top of the Winter Soldier, who was just about to grab some plates to set the table.
‘Your- dad?’ Tony asked cautiously, now fully understanding why Stane called the boy “disturbed.” He eyed the teen, finding no resemblance between him and Steve. It was an obvious lie, and still… ‘Steve Rogers, blond, blue eyes, body like a god. He’s your dad?’
The playboy crouched down, his arms resting on the doll’s legs, his hands cupping his face. ‘Steve?’ he asked gently as he guided him to look him in the eye. ‘What are you…?’
‘My eyes must be deceiving me…’ Loki let out an unamused sigh as he looked at the god of thunder, who was dressed as, well, a god of thunder. ‘You know, when I suggested you should attend this party as Zeus, I was merely speaking in jest, Thor.’
‘And is it true that you share your room with your little brother?’ Steve continued, and he looked at Loki. The raven nodded timidly and instantly felt his brother’s hand resting on his shoulder. ‘Was Loki asleep when you entered your room, Mister Odinson?’
‘It is I!’ Loki shouted bravely, pointing at the teen with a stick, an oversized yellow cleaning glove on one hand. ‘The mighty soldier, Loki Odinson!’
‘Warrior Steve,’ Loki pouted and turned his attention to the captain. The raven ran towards him and held up his hands so that the blond would pick him up. ‘My brother is mean to me…’
Now, I have a question for you guys! I have three ideas for a new fic and I would really appreciate it if you would give me your opinion on them.
‘So I take the tank, drop it right off at the general's palace, drop it at his feet. I'm like, "Boom! You looking for this?"’ Rhodes smiled as Peter and Loki started to laugh, nodding as he looked at the other Avengers, ‘See? It’s a good story!’
Pepper remained silent for moment, staring at her hands as she was lost for words. The three of them then looked up as they heard the old backdoor of the mansion opening again with a loud creak.
‘Loki goes to his room before Thor finds out and the entire thing looks like it was one big accident.’ Tony sighed. ‘I can’t believe I’m saying this, but, I really wish he would have gotten away with it…’
‘No, it’s Stra- Wait! No, I’m not doing this one again!’ He took a deep breath, ‘It’s Doctor Stephen Strange. Now you stay here and don’t cause any trouble okay?’ As the raven quickly nodded, the wizard turned around and cursed beneath his breath. ‘God, I don’t like that guy, old or young…’ he then looked at Thor. ‘And I’m keeping him on my list!’ and with that, the doctor disappeared through his portal again.
Loki followed Peter through the halls of the compound, in the meantime scanning his surroundings. He was grateful for the teen to accompany him, for he found out soon enough that, without anyone to help him guide through the building, he would be helplessly lost within a minute.
‘So, you couldn’t go to Pepper, nor the police, ‘cause hey? Who would they believe; A well respected American businessman or a crazy, broken, Russian lab experiment?’ Tony smirked, this harsh remark causing Steve to glare at him from the corner of his eye.
‘Sure thing, Lo-, uh, little brother,’ the teen smiled, his eyes then quickly directed at Thor to check if he was okay with this, but the god merely smiled back.
Steve listened to his master, struggling to get on his feet after sitting on his knees for what felt like months. After a few wobbling steps he managed to stand in front of his master.
He froze, lips barely moving as he seemed to whisper the doll’s name. His eyes then grew wide, hands frantically slamming against the glass as he tried to get Steve’s attention.
He paced back and forth nervously as countless questions started to race through his little brain, but he was snapped out of his thoughts soon enough as he suddenly heard his brother’s voice again.
ps. I will post the next chapter as soon as its finished. Lots of love, hurt and protectiveness still to come.
‘He’s also been charged with sexual assault.’ The woman handed Steve her tabled, giving him all the information she had found. ‘He was supposed to watch his neighbor’s kid, fourteen years old. The victim dared to press charges against him after a few weeks, but the case got dismissed due to structural defects.’
‘Well, I’m happy you can hear us, that means your ears are still working,’ Peter said as he patted the trickster on his shoulder. ‘Now for your legs, come on. We must be getting close to Steve.’
‘That’s what we’re trying to find out,’ Steve gave her a gentle smile. He looked around, taking in the large, well-kept garden, its serenity and greenery a welcome change from the hectic buzzing of New York city. As he looked around he saw a blond man staring at them from the distance, disappearing directly into a large shed the moment their eyes met. ‘Well…’ Steve continued as he turned towards Wanda again. ‘That’ll be it, for now.’ He smiled and wanted to walk away, ‘Oh, just one more thing. Where were you last night, between twelve and two o’clock?’
‘There’s something we’ve overlooked, Tony,’ Steve said as the two of them were sitting at the corner of a bar of a small pub. The smell of freshly brewed coffee and liquor mixed in the air as the regular costumers were slowly dripping in. Some were standing by the old pool table, leisurely taking turns, laughing all the while. Most people were sitting at a table, smoking their cigarettes or cigars, a drink in their hand while they talked. ‘Or something we’ve missed…’
The playboy merely shook his head once, words abandoning him. Silence filled the room as the doll continued his work, leaving Tony in nothing but his underwear. He opened the covers and guided his master into his bed. ‘Sleep well, Tony.’
‘Think you’ve learned your lesson?’ Steve growled in Tony’s ear as the man’s legs gave out and he caught him in his strong arms.
‘Sit!’ Steve sighed, the behavior of both Bucky and Thor starting to work on his nerves. He cleared his throat as the three of them sat down and continued. ‘Killian tried to get the four of you out of the mansion, back to your own country, am I correct?’ His voice was stern, impatient even. It clearly took Thor by surprise.
Loki executed the steps, but the stranger was faster than he was. The man grabbed his wrist and pulled him up into the air, his eye twitching in irritation as a small drop of blood dripped down his nose from the impact of the book.
He moved from the bathroom, taking deep breaths as he tried to calm his stomach and mind. What Obie had done, what he
‘Wanne make a bet?’ Tony asked as he walked through the hallway of the police station, Sam and Natasha at his side. ‘Twenty bucks says it was just an accident and we are all wasting our time.’
‘Not really,’ the red-haired lady replied as she shrugged, ‘maybe it’s just your conscience lurking over your shoulder, Clint.’
Steve sighed as he kept staring at the four in the distance. ‘Thank you, for your time, Miss Potts.’ He walked away with a nod of his head and went straight towards the group that was still standing near the shed. ‘Mister Barnes?’
Steve leaned forward in his chair, his elbows resting on his knees, his hands clasped together. He informed Fury of every interrogation, leaving no details spared. He eventually told him about Loki and how the young teen has all odds against him.
‘I want you. Please,’ Steve let out a shaky breath, his cock twitching between his legs. ‘I want- want you to… to…’
Tony smirked as he leaned forward a little, placing a playful kiss on the captain’s lips, ‘So, I don’t talk to myself, huh?’
‘Talk about feeding,’ Steve quickly intervened as he saw his friend’s titanium hand clench into a fist, ‘why not get some dinner ready, huh?’
‘Loki, we will have to talk about this some other time,’ Thor sighed, rubbing the bridge of his nose. ‘Now I believe our friends would like some time to themselves, considering they just returned from a mission.’
Tony’s eyes flew wide open, a muffled yelp ringing in the back of his throat as he was pushed back into his couch, hands holding his shoulders, lips crashing against his own. It took him only a split second to identify the strong body lingering over him.
‘No, it cannot be!’ Peter exclaimed dramatically, one hand placed on his forehead, the other raised in defeat, ‘spare me, oh great Odinson!’ but as Loki lowered the small stick, causing it to bend as it touched the teen’s chest, Peter let out a desperate gasp for air, after which he closed his eyes and lay completely still.
‘War Machine, ATTACK!’ The raven shouted. He jumped from the couch, elbow-dropping on Peter’s stomach. ‘Boom! You looking for this?!’ He laughed, though the only sound that the teen could produce was a sharp wheeze.
‘Your words of comfort are as caring as always, Lady Romanoff.’ Thor said as a smile became visible on his troubled face. ‘I indeed carry mixed feelings on this matter. It is nice to have Loki as a child again, yet it does not feel right at all…’
‘Lady Wanda!’ the raven jumped off the teen and ran towards the kitchen entrance, interrupting his older brother and causing everyone to turn around.
‘Watch a movie?’ Thor raised a brow while Peter gulped. ‘I might not have much knowledge on your Midgardian entertainment systems, but I do know that movies usually take more than an hour. Loki should go to bed and rest, he needs his sleep. This spell drains his Seiðr and thus his energy, he has no control over it yet.’
Steve shrugged, his smile never fading even though he did still seem a little tense. ‘Well, if you want it red and gold then…’ he stared at the doodle and grabbed a marker. ‘Might I offer some changes to your design?’
Please know that I always appreciated your amazing comments and the fact that you were even putting in the time to read this fic.
‘Build in 1845, has been in the hands of the same family for generations.’ Sam said as he suddenly stood behind the two, a notebook in his hands. ‘Our victim didn’t live here, though. He was just visiting.’ He gestured the two towards the body with a wave of his hand.
He looked up as he heard an all too familiar voice calling out his name, followed by a knock on his door.
‘… So this murder is solved,’ Fury said, making it sound more as a statement than a question. He looked at the blond, who pulled a doubtful face in response. ‘Or… not?’
Steve jumped from his chair, leaving his beer standing at the bar unfinished. ‘We’re gonna catch a murderer,’ he said as he was already walking towards the front door, not even looking back at his partner.
AND! My dearest fellow fic writer, Madame_Edna_Capeless_Authoress, and I are planing to write a fic on Peter Quill and Loki (FrostLord)
Loki shook his head. ‘No,’ he swallowed thickly, clearly struggling to push the words out of his mouth. ‘There was, more, at some point.’ A trembling smile covered his face, ‘Prices of products go up all the time, this was no exception, that’s what Mister Killian always used to say, haha-ha.’ He forced a laugh.
you spoke of earlier…’ There was a hint of nervousness in the doll’s voice. Steve never wanted to bring the subject up again, knowing better than to question his master. Yet he could not help but wonder, this child being on his mind since Stane asked him about it, though he did not understand why. ‘What happens to it once it is back?’
‘And he lost,’ Steve smiled behind the large mask, but his hand clenched tightly around the playboy’s shoulder in irritation. ‘And now, we both have to dress up as Disney characters by Bucky’s choosing.’
The blond sighed as he tried to make out his feelings. He was happy the spell had apparently ceased to be over night, yet at the same time, he missed the precious moments he had with his brother as a young child.
He was completely perplexed though as he saw the blond downing the pizza in record time like a starving man.
2. The Avenger's have broken up and Earth seems to be doing just fine without its super heroes. Tony is managing to get by as long as he can still be with the one person who decided to stay in the Avengers Compound; Steve Rogers. But as the ex-assassin Bucky Barnes comes living with them, a slow and burning jealousy starts to take over Stark's mind and body. (a fic with a very dark Tony Stark)
Peter’s heart drummed in his chest as he waited nervously for his father to open the door. He already imagined what it would look like, imagined the posters he had brought hanging above his new bed and what little clothes he could bring neatly folded in his new wardrobe.
‘“We succeeded in controlling the human mind.”’ Stane grumbled as he entered the study and stared at him, disappointment written on his face. “Thus controlling body, emotions… and memory.” – that’s what those AIM bastards promised me.’ He unhooked the blond from the countless wires attached to the back of his neck, ‘And all I had to do was deliver the guinea pigs. Social outcasts, people without any relatives going to come poking around looking for them. Elderly,’ he pulled a plug from underneath the captain’s skin. ‘Orphans,’ he pulled another. ‘… Veterans,’ he pulled the last plug and sighed as a drop of blood slowly trickled down the wire and stained his fingers. ‘You were supposed to be our very first success, and yet here you are. A fucking failure.’
‘I don’t know how, but I should be able to drink with this mask on,’ Steve said as he carefully took hold of his glass with his large fluffy paws.
‘Pleasant dreams, Loki.’ The blond smiled affectionately as he placed a gentle kiss on his little brother’s temple. He turned off the lights and made sure to leave the door slightly ajar. ‘If there is anything the matter, all you have to do is walk out of this room. We are surrounded by friends, by family, so there will always be someone close-by to help you.’
‘I was asleep that night,’ Loki’s voice was soft, nervousness clenching his throat. ‘I helped Wanda washing the dishes after dinner, then went to my room to do my homework. I took a shower and went to bed at ten o’ clock, as usual.’
‘Killian’s financials are all in order. He buys companies, helps them grow and then sells them again for a huge profit. He’s pretty successful, only lost money on two investments. I spoke to some of his colleagues, or at least, people who were in the same business, and here is where it gets interesting,’ She waited a moment, making sure she has everyone’s attention. ‘Killian told some of those colleagues that his next project would be Potts Refugee Reception Office, but Pepper turned his offer down. Killian was furious. According to those colleagues, he said that it was all the fault of- and I quite; “Those fucking disgusting refugees”. Killian believed that Pepper would be more open for business if Bucky, Wanda, Thor and Loki were out of her hair. So, he swore he’d take care of this “problem”, personally.’
‘Yeah, okay, I need a drink, something to wash away the sour taste of crippling guilt and give me back my manliness.’ Tony jumped up from the couch after he took a deep breath. ‘Kid Lokes is going to be the death of me, I swear.’ He then walked towards the kitchen, his hand amiably ruffling up Peter’s hair as he walked past him. ‘Steve, remind me to make a dentist appointment tomorrow. This scene was so sweet I think I can actually feel my teeth rotting away in my mouth.’
‘Will do,’ Stane was ready to open the door and see the playboy off, but Tony turned around just before he stepped over the threshold.
‘Talking to the woman who found the body,’ Sam said as he pointed towards the redhead who already came walking towards them.
.’ She stood up and looked at the two men. ‘If that will be all?’ She looked at Steve, smiling gently before leaving as the blond nodded silently.
The silence that followed was short to last as Thor barged into the kitchen, tension etched in his face. ‘How dare you interrogate my brother without my consent!’ The blond nearly shouted, his teeth bared in anger.
Tony’s arms draped over the blond’s shoulders, fingers gently caressing the back of his neck. He felt Steve’s arms wrapped around his waist, holding him close yet still allowing him to move freely. He breathed the machine’s air and basked in the warmth coming from his artificial body.
Thor walked through the halls of the compound in search of the raven god. He sighed deeply, realizing only now how exhausting his little brother could be, whether it was as a young child or as a grown man. His eyes scanned every corner of all the rooms he passed, only turning around as he heard the sound of sparks coming from behind him.
Peter giggled softly and squirmed as he tried to avoid Loki’s poking, ‘No, not really, but you need to grab the Stones and run.’ He whispered and winked.
The thought of having to stay the night in a cell must have frightened Bucky, for he was shifting uncomfortably in his chair. His eyes darted back and forth, a hand nervously tangling in his dark hair as he started to panic.
‘Hey, Thor,’ Peter called out as he entered the lounge as well, pulling the god straight out of his thoughts. ‘Good thing I see you here, cause,’ the teen then stopped talking as he noticed the company. ‘Oh, hi, mister Strange!’
At that moment, Steve turned around, his wide eyes bright yellow, his large fangs bared and his face… His face was like that of a boar, or rather, like a beast.
‘Correct,’ Strange glared at him from the corner of his eye before turning his attention towards Steve. ‘He fell from approximately 30 feet into these conifers, they didn’t break his fall though.’
Peter’s lips parted for a split second, only for him to jump to his feet again. ‘Where’s Steve...?’ he asked with as much bravery as he could muster. ‘Where’s my dad?’
His stomach tightened at the sight of the blond, standing almost helplessly with nothing but a blanket to cover his blood and semen stained body. Tony looked away for a second, his heart aching with guilt, his eyes burning with tears. He forced himself to keep reminding that Steve was nothing but an impressive piece of technology,
‘I only confronted her with facts,’ Steve responded in return, his eyes clearly showing that he was still deep in thoughts.
‘Everyone?’ Stark repeated. ‘Even Loki?’ He gulped as the blond’s face remained stern and unmoving, a shiver running down his spine as he squinted his eyes slightly, ‘You mean, the blood found on our victim… You think that might be…?’
‘Sure is kid,’ Quill laughed. ‘They’re American, so everything’s Xtreme and Super!’ he then looked over at Steve, who met his gaze with a gentle and rather ignorant smile. ‘Except for Captain America himself, that is. He’s quite the opposite, which, I think, is actually really funny and ironic.’
"Okay, okay." Steve laughed. "But really. I doubt anything will go wrong. My mom donates her blood pretty often, and she's always fine after it. Once, one of my friends went to donate blood and they spent five minutes trying to find his veins, but I'm pretty sure that won't happen."
"Nah" Tony dismissed. "Dum-E breaks more things than he fixes and U barely does anything. JARVIS is pretty brilliant, though. I made him when I was 15"
Tony had lost his girlfriend and all his friends, and the one friend he still had was left paralyzed due to a hit from Tony's own teammate. He had lost the support of the citizens of the world, as most people seemed to have gravitated over to Steve's side, as they always seemed to.
They continued talking for approximately two hours, exchanging strange stories of their crazy friends and getting into arguments about weird subjects, like why banana flavoring tasted differently than normal bananas, and which taste was the true banana taste. Finally, it was Steve's turn, and he shot Tony an alarmed look before he walked into the tent. He came out five minutes later looking very pale but unharmed, with a bandage stuck on his arm. He whispered "good luck!" to Tony as Tony entered the tent.
Luckily, the window wasn't too high up, so Steve was able to jump up, get a grip on the door frame, and use that to swing himself up to the windowsill. Steve ducked down underneath the window shutter and climbed in.
Tony was lying on the ground, an empty bottle in his hand. Around him were shattered shards of brown glass, and lots of bottles, every single one empty.
"Chilling. Eating", the guy shrugged. "Petting this very cute cat, and staring at her very cute owner."
"Thanks" Steve sniffed. The candle was so strong that it sent the scent right up his nose.  "This candle is absolutely terrible"
"Nothing" Steve said. "I should ask what's up with you, considering you look so flustered. Are you hiding something?"
There was Natasha Romanoff, who people weren't allowed to take photos of and who was rumored to have killed all the passengers of a train during her supposed spy training in Siberia. She didn't confirm it, but she didn't deny it, either.
Steve's mind instantly began translating the taps of his fingers into Morse code. To his surprise, the man was tapping:
With a slightly more panicked "Tony? Are you there?" He threw open the door of the bedroom he had climbed into, and rushed down the long corridor. He looked into every room he saw, but Tony was in none of them, so Steve found the stairs and ran downstairs. He burst into the kitchen, and was about to go check another room, when he realized that he should check for any bottles in the cupboards.
"You jinxed it," Steve warned. "They're going to accidentally drain all of our blood now and feed it to hungry vampirelings and turn our skin into clothes."
That's why he was currently in the surprisingly long queue for blood donation – to skip foreign languages. On second thoughts, it probably wasn't surprising that it was so long, considering many people probably had the same idea as him. It wasn't that original, and his professor would probably suspect something as Tony had never shown any signs of selflessness before, but she couldn't exactly do anything about it, could she? It's not like Tony had to sign a document that read 'why are you donating blood? Please tick an option' that would inevitably reveal his ruse.
"My favorite is Digital Fortress, though" Tony admitted. "It's exactly my type of book. I don't have much time for reading, though. I spend most of my time down in my lab with my machines"
Steve would have come up with a witty comeback, but he was distracted with the fact that his favorite mug was now broken. "My mug!", he wailed, running over to the broken mug and cradling the broken pieces. He looked over at the guy and narrowed his eyes. "You murdered it. You murdered my favorite mug!"
He felt something fuzzy on his legs so he looked down to see his cat Sarah happily rubbing her face against his legs. He smiled and bent down to pick her up and place her on his lap, stroking her and getting a lapful of loose fur. He would clean it off later; it's not like anyone would see it now, right?
They didn't roll their eyes whenever someone used a word like 'amicable' and say "what is this, a literary convention?", even though they used longer words on a daily basis.
Years later, at their wedding, Tony winked and told everyone that it was crabs that brought them together.
They didn't wake Steve up in the middle of the night because "Steve, get up, I want to have a Firefly marathon!"
"Well, mostly AIs. My best one is JARVIS. He has more human thoughts than most humans do, really" Tony said. "But there's also Dum-E and U. They're my actual physical bots, but JARVIS 'lives' in the computer"
Steve's face lit up, and he leaned in to kiss Tony softly. The kiss was over as quickly as it started. "Sure"
Tony nodded excitedly. "I've read all of Dan Brown's books! He's truly a genius, isn't he? I mean, his books are just so creative and well-thought out and his characters always enter situations which I think they can't escape from but then there's a huge plot twist and all of a sudden everything is fine and can you tell that I just love Dan Brown?"
Tony threw his arms up in the air. "I don't know, I figured you were being polite! Steve, I'm literally in the tabloids every single week"
Steve was the RA for Floor 4, which was notorious for its rather unusual occupants. Well, unusual was the polite term. Most people called them crazy.
"Anyway would be fine with me, cap" Tony responded, grinning. After hearing about his time in the military, Tony had taken to calling Steve 'cap'. Steve blushed furiously and nodded before opening his backpack and pulling out a large blanket and a pillow. He spread the blanket on the ground beside the wall and placed the pillow down. The airline had begun handing blankets and pillows out as an apology for the long wait, but Steve figured he might as well use his own. Steve lay down on the blanket, and motioned for Tony to join him. They fumbled around awkwardly until Steve put his arm around Tony and pulled him closer so they could both fit on the pillow.
"No," Steve admitted. "I specifically chose the slot where I'd be missing calculus. God, it's awful."
"Nice to meet you, Steve" Tony said. He had a dark goatee and large brown eyes. "Where did you learn Morse code?"
"Rhodey, Rhodey, -oops, sorry about that mug, I didn't know you drank tea, how dare you disrespect America like this- I think I just discovered that energy source I've been working on, you know, the one I told you about, but I blew up the left wing of my house in the process and Howard's about to kill me but I told him that I made a renewable energy source so he kinda calmed down a little but it finally worked, Rhodey, it finally worked! What do you-" The figure, who Steve now saw was a guy around his age, cut himself off and looked at Steve blankly. "You're not Rhodey"
His eyes scanned the shelf for another scent. His eyes caught on 'Spiced Cider'. He smelt it, and his spirits lifted a little. It smelt good, and it wasn't too strong for his mum's delicate nose. However, when he checked the price, his heart sank. It was far too expensive.
It had been almost a year since Steve had fought with Tony in Siberia, and things were mostly back to normal for him. Well, as normal as they could be for someone who was actively being hunted by the government, and someone who had to leave his home country and most of his friends to go live in a country that he had never even seen before. He knew his situation was better than Tony's, though.
"That's even worse!" Tony practically yelled. "Ok, it's settled, next time you're coming over to mine and I will introduce you to the world of good music and pop culture"
"Black Sabbath is brilliant! Let me guess, you just listen to weird 80s music like some weird hipster?"
"Okay" Steve usually didn't eat fast food, but he didn't really have anything against it, either. Tony clearly knew his way to the food court, though, because he didn't bother checking the maps before getting on to an escalator. Luckily, the food court was quite close by, so within ten minutes they were seated at Burger King with their food in front of them. "Do you come here often?"
The man grinned. "Then let's get out of here as soon as possible" Steve didn't need convincing. They left the store as quickly as they could, then slowed down their pace.
He took a teabag out of the drawer next to the oven, and placed it on the counter. Then, he filled the mug with water and stuck it in the microwave for three minutes. When the time was up, he took it out and put the teabag in. Peggy always yelled at him whenever she saw him making tea that way, insisting that "microwave tea isn't real tea, Steve, how dare you insult the wondrous creation that is tea like this!". Again, it didn't really matter to Steve, because why bother buying a kettle when he already had something that could heat up the water just fine?
Muttering angrily under his breath, Tony stepped back into the dorm, letting Steve make his way in. As soon as Steve entered, he took a moment to observe Tony's room. It was messy, with piles of books piled up haphazardly in every corner and machinery scattered all over the ground. Steve began going around the room, inspecting every piece of furniture while Tony sat on the sofa like a sulky toddler.
A look of realization dawned on Tony's face. "Because my jet crash-landed on a test run and it's currently half-destroyed"
When Tony told Rhodey his plan to skip foreign languages by donating blood, Rhodey had given him a skeptical look and asked him if he was sure that he wouldn't faint. Tony had countered him by saying he injured himself on a daily basis, but Rhodey told him that it was a really strange and unsettling feeling to feel your blood pouring out of you through a tube. Tony had shuddered slightly, but anything was better than foreign languages, and his terrifying professor. Not to mention that he didn't do his homework, and the professor had already given him a two weeks extension.
"Uh- can I have your number? I mean, I like you- not in that way, just- well, yeah, in that way, but- ugh!" Steve sighed, frustrated at his inability to speak coherently. "I like you. Wanna go out?"
"Actually, my mom works as a nurse and she suggested that I donate some blood as they're having a shortage right now, and it was a convenient surprise that I signed up for the slot where I'm supposed to be having calculus," Steve explained, rubbing the back of his neck awkwardly.
"Yeah," Steve said. "That part was true." Tony took a moment to look Steve over, noting that he was really cute. He had soft blond hair and big blue eyes, with a chiseled jaw and sharp cheekbones. His arms were muscular and Tony was 99.9% sure that he was hiding some A+ abs under his baggy college sweatshirt. Steve shot him a questioning look when he noticed Tony staring at him.
It was more than a little awkward, but it wasn't uncomfortable, and Steve was enjoying the proximity to Tony, who he had been more than a little entranced by.
As soon as Tony walked away and through the gates of the reception, his own phone pinged with a text message. He opened it to see a text from an unknown sender.
He put the candle back on the shelf with a sigh, and kept looking. There were a few interesting ones, like 'Vanilla Bean', 'Frosted Cranberry', and 'Sweater Weather'. However, Vanilla Bean smelt like maple fudge and his mum hated fudge; Frosted Cranberry's scent was so weak Steve could barely smell it; and Sweater Weather smelt absolutely horrible.
Then, he threw his arms around Steve and kissed him, pushing his tongue into Steve's mouth. Steve moaned into the kiss and pulled Tony closer, tangling his hand in Tony's soft hair and placing his other hand on Tony's waist.
"Uh-well, uh-machinery! Machinery, all over the floor! Wouldn't want your feet getting hurt now, do we?" Tony stuttered.
"No, not really" Tony replied. Then, he laughed self-deprecatingly. "I usually don't leave my house, you know, except for stuff like work. Most of the time I work from home, actually, so I only have to attend meetings, and my secretary Pepper usually does that for me"
"Me neither" Steve said, putting it back on the shelf. "Are you buying candles as a present, or...?"
"Tony!" He sobbed when he finally collapsed on Tony's body. It was only then that he realized how cold and rigid Tony's body was, and how pale he was. "Please don't be gone, please don't leave me" He hugged Tony hard, and cried even harder when there was no response. "I love you, Tony Stark, I love you, please don't leave me"
It was just a normal night for Steve, doing his homework while listening to his favorite playlist, one that Bucky constantly made fun of him of because "that music is over a century old, Steve, get with the times!". He was pretty bored, but that was nothing new. He was supposed to be doing calculus, but he had ended up doodling flowers in the margin of the paper. The professor was probably used to Steve's idle doodles anyhow.
"No, I'm just browsing, really" The man replied. He didn't offer anything else, so Steve walked over to the next shelf. This shelf didn't have anything Christmassy, but Steve figured a normal candle would be better than no candle at all. He picked one up that read 'ocean breeze', and smelt it. As soon as the scent hit his nostrils, he gagged so hard that he almost dropped the candle. The man looked over at him, alarmed.
had betrayed him, Steve thought bitterly. Tony had been making so much progress, too. He had given up alcohol, he had given up his playboy days, and he was genuinely making efforts to become a better person. The last Steve had heard of Tony, Tony had taken Peter Parker under his wing and had begun mentoring him.
"Tony!" His voice was desperate now, as he rushed through the ground floor, throwing open every door and barely sparing a second to stick his head in each one.
Steve couldn't stop himself from leaning in to kiss Tony. Tony made a noise of surprise, and pushed Steve away. Steve's heart stopped for a moment and he was about to begin apologizing when Tony said "We can't make out while holding my baby crab, Steve, are you crazy?" Tony carefully placed Pepper into the tank, closed the lid, and closed the closet.
"That's it!" Tony practically yelled, standing up. "I'm calling my private jet, and it will take both of us to Cali. I cannot deal with this. Seven hours, Steve! Seven hours! That's until midnight! I have a meeting in two hours!"
"Yeah" Steve yawned again, his eyes half closed. "I think I might take a nap. Wanna join me?" His eyes snapped open, but Tony was already laughing. "No, I didn't mean it that way! You know what I meant!"
So he opened every single cupboard, going through each and every one carefully to make sure he didn't miss anything.
"I asked you your name," The guy said, blushing slightly. "Uh- Well, I figured if we're going to be stuck in this queue for hours we might as well- well, get to know each other, I don't know? Maybe have a conversation?" The guy was flushed red now. "Uh- sorry, were you thinking of something? Because I didn't mean to interrupt you, it's just-"
Dean's heart hurt, watching his little brother in pain. "Yeah, Sammy. Of course." He switched off the light then got into his own bed. "I'm sure dad's gonna come for us any day now," he spoke to the dark room.
"That's it Dean. Deep breaths, you got it. You're doing so good sweetheart, keep breathing." Steve paused as Dean sat back against the couch once more. "How are you feeling, love?"
The two men listened as Dean climbed the staircase and were still until they heard the door close quietly above them. Tony collapsed into the back of the couch.
"Tony's started designing a mechanical prosthetic for when the amputation is healed," the blond said, changing the subject. "He insists."
"I know it's pretty plain right now, but you can decorate it however you'd like. Just let one of us know and we can go shopping for whatever you like. And those laptops on the desks are for the two of you, we don't track what you search but please do try and be responsible." Tony said from the doorway. Him and Steve were standing just outside the room, watching the brothers with smiles on their faces.
The teen's voice definitely did not break as he whispered: "Ef þú segir einhverjum frá þessu mun ég setja kláða duft í öll jockstraps þín." {
Sitting up and sticking out his tongue, Steve stood on the bed and turned around, swaying his hips slowly and running his hands over his ass. "This what you want, babe?" he asked, looking over his shoulder to see Tony practically salivating. Reaching up to his chest, Steve pinched one of his nipples and whimpered, his knees almost giving out in pleasure.
The question was answered with a tight hug from Sam and a steely nod from Dean. The teen attempted a smile, but what came out was more of a grimace.
"Sorry," Dean frowned. "It's just been so long since I've even heard about a hunt. It feels good to go back to my roots, ya know?"
Dr. Mills? No, she said she only hunted what came near her town, so she probably wouldn't be a part of the network.
"Knock knock!" Thor could see his Papa's head poking around the corner of the door as he called out. "Nat? How you doing?"
“Nay, young archer, although that is the day we exchange our gifts to each other, it is for celebrating the unity of family and strengthening the bonds that hold us together,” Thor explained joyfully while Clint rolled his eyes, smiling.
“I told him the only way I would marry him is if he got his addictions under control,” Steve explained. “Don’t get me wrong Sam, I was with him every step of the way, I never stopped supporting him, but I knew that marrying him at that point wouldn’t have been the best decision for either of us. So instead, I made a really hard choice and it ended up with Tony sometimes really angry with me, but he’s sober now.”
"Mornin' boys!" Tony called out from behind his tablet. The man was sitting next to a coffee machine in the kitchen as Sam and Dean made their way down the stairs.
"He was convinced to go after every home, but went through four therapists, three of them quitting before their case worker stopped trying."
"Well, if it's the least I could do," Steve said, closing in to nibble on his husband's ear. "Then your wish is my command," he whispered, feeling Tony shiver.
"There's something we want to talk to you about." Tony smiled, side-eyeing his husband and nearly bouncing off his seat.
"Shh," the engineer calmed the other man. "Believe me when I tell you I really want you right now in any way you'll have me. I'm just making sure you haven't changed your mind. We could always just have a bubble bath, or just go to sleep. Whatever you want, love."
"Do you know how Dean got hurt a month ago?" Tony asked, not pleased with the evasive answers they were getting.
Steve sighed and pulled the phone away, pushing the button to change the call to a video chat. Once the call was accepted, and Clint's face appeared, Steve quickly scanned the boy's face. "Can you give me an honest answer about why throwing something at Loki was an appropriate reaction, honey? Did he hurt you or did you feel threatened at all?"
“That was awesome, Dean!” the man exclaimed as he joined Dean in the cab of the car. “You’re great at this stuff, how did you learn all of this?”
Clint’s head popped up from the table. “I can stay home and take care of him! It will be a sacrifice, but anything to help out my brother!” he exclaimed, draping himself across his sister’s lap in a show of dramatics.
“It calms me down,” he bit back. The teen’s body was tensed, everything from his head to his toes was clenched in fear.
Tony shook his head. “Same old same old. Although no news is good news for Thor and Nat. And at least Loki isn’t getting any worse. Last I heard he was walking again, so we’re one step closer to bringing him home.”
He didn't have to lie about where he got that night's dinner, or how they afforded another night at the motel when they were out of cash.
After the pizza was eaten and the kids were all in bed, Tony sighed as he crawled into their bed beside his husband.
"Well, there ya go then. Maybe he was such a dick because he missed the dude," Dean smirked into his pillow. Sammy didn't need to know everything, right? Though, to be fair to Sam, he was entirely correct in that Loki had, indeed, been 'not awful' lately.
Dean rolled his eyes and reached out to get the chips he came in there for. "Don't know what you're talking about."
“Very funny,” Steve ruffled the teen’s hair before sitting beside his husband on the couch. “No, we’re not adopting someone else. This is about, well, about your adoption, Dean. Yours and Sam’s.”
“Of course we are,” Steve reassured the boys, “I’m so sorry for phrasing it like that and worrying you. We actually want to move the court date up so we get to sign those papers sooner.”
"Nothing Sammy don't worry about it." The older boy ruffled Sam's hair, laughing at the pout he got in return.
Instead of soothing the younger boy’s concerns, this revelation sent a spike of fear through him as he observed how peaceful Dean looked, despite the touch of their foster father.
“They won’t! I have the best lawyers in the world, Steve. They aren’t touching our kids!” Tony pulled out his phone and started typing furiously.
"Well, I must say, for a fourteen year old, you're amazing." Steve complimented Dean as he threw the teen a bottle of water.
“Sharing is a relative term,” Tony explained. “Christmas Eve we do all do our own things, then Christmas Day we spend as a family.”
Tony looked at the men and quickly pointed to each one, saying their names, along with a distinguishing fact that Steve had told him in the past about the men.
“I am!” Dean was the most aware he’d been since he first took those stupid codeine pills yesterday. He wasn’t lying.
"Nothing you imbecile, now give me back my computer!" the other teen snapped, trying to pull his arm back, but he was no match for Dean's grip.
"For fuck's sake." The man reached over and fastened the thing for the teenager that was now staring out the window.
“Good. No complaints,” he replied, and then moved to sit at the space with the plate covered in waffles. Tony offered him syrup and he dug in, moaning at the taste of the first real food he’d eaten in almost two days.
"He threw a remote at Loki and called him a 'smart-aleck ass'," Tony replied. Although his voice was deadpan, the captain knew the man thought it was hilarious.
Dean scoffed and plopped himself across the library table from the older teen. "Of course you don't. The entire douchebag squad in your gym class just happens to lose their clothes?"
"Yeah, where's Sam and Dean?" Clint sat straighter in the chair he was occupying, swinging his legs from around the armrest.
“Dean?!” The door was thrown open and there stood Steve, or, what he thought was Steve. The usually collected ex-military Captain was ruffled and frazzled, his hair sticking out every which way and his clothes frumpled and wrinkled. The most jarring difference was the man’s face, it was obvious he had been crying, still was, in fact. His eyes were rimmed red and tear tracks ran down his cheeks.
Not only did Tony find a seat, but the command also worked on Dean as they both sat in the front sitting room. Steve ran a hand over his hair, making the blond strands stick out random ways.
"Yeah Sammy, it's awesome. Now you can finally ascend to full nerd." Dean teased his brother as he sprinted to his desk and opened the bottom drawer very carefully. Inside was a full hunters supply minus any weapons. Holy water, rosaries, salt, an exorcism ritual, guides for protection wards and a flip phone with a post note on it.
“No. No that’s not stupid at all, Sammy, I thought the same thing!” Dean whispered back. “Every year I thought ‘this might be the year’, but it never was.”
Natasha glared at the man to warn him not to separate them, hiding the fact that her heart seized in her chest at the thought. She would rather go back to that room then be taken from Clint.
"Have they done this before?" she asked, reigning in her anger. He cried harder and nodded. "Why didn't you tell me?"
Bruce had given the man a smile and reached out to hug the man quickly before redirecting his attention towards his plate.
“Oi, Cap, what’s ya got there? Racy pictures of the ball and chain?” Morita called out from across the table.
"Alright, honey. Alright." Tony brought their lips together for a slightly wet and salty kiss. "Any requests?"
"So, now that we're not in immediate danger, why don't you tell me why a kid is going on a werewolf hunt by himself. And how the hell did you even get out here?" the hunter asked Dean, not seeing a single mode of transportation that could've brought the boy to the outskirts of the city.
Dean opened his mouth to argue again, but nothing came out. He struggled to find words for a moment before standing up and walking out of the room. Steve was seated in the waiting area reading a book as Dean stormed out.
"Oh my god! Oh my god, babe, you broke my brain, you— oh!" Tony gasped as Steve took him farther down, making gagging and slurping noises every once in a while in between coming up for air.
"Very well," the doctor sighed and led Steve down drab hallways until he stopped in front of a nondescript door. "Before I let you in, they've been having trouble getting him to understand where he is. Short of sedating him, our only option was to give him safety cuffs and—"
Dean eyed the man, then the offered hand. Instead of taking the hand, Dean swept out his legs and caused Steve to fall to the mats.
“I do!” Dean protested. “But Sam is doing so well in school! He’s being fed, and he’s warm, and he’s getting everything he needs, and–and–well if dad comes and gets us, there may be times when we have to go without again.” Dean didn’t know why he was confessing so much to this virtual stranger when he would normally never even admit such things to himself. But, for some reason, he trusted him.
"Extremely inappropriate? Nah, extremely inappropriate is my saying that you'd look absolutely delicious tied up to your bed with your ass in the air-"
The captain shook his head slowly, then bent over to kiss Tony again, this one much deeper and much more passionate. "Please," he whispered.
“Balls!” a gruff voice exclaimed, making Steve and Tony turn to each other with wide eyes as they remembered the phone call they’ve made the week prior.
“Well, it’s not like she has anything to apologize for!” the teen slumped against the couch, crossing his arms.
"Okay, okay, Clint," Steve ruffled the boy's hair. "I'm sure I'll see all of it soon enough, but the dinner your siblings are putting out looks like it'll go cold soon. You can tell me everything while we eat."
Steve stood back up immediately. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have sprung that on you! I promise I'm not trying to punish you and I'll do my very best to not hurt you in any way. Would it be okay if the two of us sparred?" He asked and held out a hand to Dean to help him up.
“Dean, you look like death, and you’re burning up.” Steve was using his ‘dad’ voice with those stupid, big blue eyes that held a hint of
Thor all but threw Nat over his oversized shoulder and marched off into the hall. Bruce on the other hand was still standing in the front entrance. His head was down, fingers twisted in the bottom of his jacket as he shifted his weight from side to side.
“He never cared much for any one school–we moved around too much for that. But learning and knowledge–now those he’s obsessed with.” Dean leaned his head back against the wall and closed his eyes. “Always made a fuss about getting our transcripts before leaving someplace. That boy is gonna end up somewhere, just you wait.” Dean’s voice was dripping with pride. Steve could clearly see the love and adoration he held for his little brother.
He grabbed the salt and matches and set himself up beside the fireplace, logs ready to be burnt and doused with a small layer of lighter fluid to make sure the item burned completely. Out of his periphery, he saw Loki slowly make his way to sit on the ground beside him.
"Why, hello there, sticky monster," Steve chuckled, kissing the child's hair. "Why don't you get the wet wipes out? I have a feeling we're gonna need them after we eat."
"Shh, I'm enjoying myself," the blond whispered, letting a hand sneak in between his pants and briefs slightly before coming back up to touch his stomach some more.
Clint smiled at the teen gratefully. "It's okay, I'll help," he muttered and stood to start collecting the fallen flowers.
“No,” was the simple reply. “Money makes you uncomfortable, you wouldn’t want any more than they already give you.”
Lifting his eyes from the screen, Bruce smiled slightly in return. "I love you too, Papa. See you when you come back."
Every day as Natasha left for school, Clint begged her not to go, to stay just for that day because he missed her so much. She laughed, hugged her brother and shut the door. Every day. She had a nagging feeling that something was off, but then again, nothing really felt right to begin with.
Slowly, Steve reached out a hand and placed it on Dean’s knee, smiling when the teen pushed back a little in acceptance and looked him in the eye for the first time.
One in particular confused Steve and Tony by hugging them and whispering "Give him time, the boy's as emotionally constipated as my hamster," before letting go and calling out: "Go with your first choice, no fifteen year old wants a watch."
Tony squeezed back just as tightly. "No need to thank me, darling. I'll just have to remember that when I'm scrubbing dry cum outta my pubes later."
“Can you bring the bowl downstairs for me? I’m afraid I’m still on bed rest, according to Captain Muscles over there,” Dean said as he handed over the empty bowl, sending the boy a pointed look to remind him to keep quiet.
“Why does he have a gun in here?” Steve asked, eyes wide and holding the weapon at arm’s length. The brothers looked at each other in confusion. How did Bobby miss that?
“So, Dean. Do you want to go chronologically or in order of severity?” Tony asked, resting his head on his hands innocently. The question caused Dean to sputter, almost choking on his food.
"Isn't dad a tech genius though? He can make something that they wouldn't be able to find, right?" Sam asked.
"Since the day Tony told me he was quitting, I haven't had any alcohol either. You never have to worry about us drinking Sam." Steve added.
She once again watched the colour rise to the surface and trail down her skin. Mesmerized by the look and feel of the blood and the numbness that overtook her, Natasha was startled when Tony knocked on the door.
“I’ll wash the dishes, Dean, don’t worry about it. Oh! And before I forget, you have an appointment with Dr. Mills tomorrow night,” Steve reminded the teen.
“Dean, I never did meet your father,” he began. “But, if something were to happen to Tony and I and all of you were left without a home, I would only
to make you feel better!” Sam’s voice was hushed, yet excited, which managed to pull a smile from the grumpy teen.
"I didn't," Sam interrupted. "But you just confirmed it. I figured it out a while ago, but never had any proof. I'm pretty smart, Dean."
"Yeah," the genius sighed and ran a hand through his hair. "Dean has been taking on more of a caregiver role while you were gone, I think Sam was extra worried you weren't coming back because of what happened to John, we need to talk to Loki soon about how he's doing because I think Dean might actually hurt him soon, and the others have missed you so much, it might be nice to just spend a couple of hours each with them just hanging out."
Tony stood from his seat behind the desk and moved to crouch in front of the teen. "It's important to know why, because we need to figure out how to make sure this doesn't happen again, and if there's something bigger going on that we need to address."
"Relax, babe, it's only still the seven," the genius winked. "Now let's get going. If we leave now, we might have time for a quickie in a back alley without the kids calling us."
"Charmed. Where the hell can I put my stuff?" Dean rudely replied, stuffing his hands in his pockets.
“Yeah. Even with three pills, the side effects couldn’t last this long.” It was Tony’s turn to feel the heat radiating off the teen, and he grimaced at the sensation. “It’s not an overdose, trust me. The only thing I can think of is if he somehow took more pills since he’s been home.”
The men froze when they heard Dean's voice from behind the garage door. "Sorry, darling," Steve called out and opened the door to find the brother's arms full of boxes.
"Good job Clint, thank you. Now listen very carefully. You do not have to apologize for what Nat did. She is her own person who makes her own decisions and if she feels she wants to apologize to me, she will. You did absolutely nothing wrong Clint. Do you hear that? You did nothing wrong and you never have to apologize when you didn't do anything. Okay?" Dean explained to the boy softly, holding one of his hands and rubbing his other hand down Clint's arm. "Do you understand?"
"Not now. Where is Sergeant Barnes?" the Captain was in no mood for pleasantries until he saw his best friend alive in person.
The boy shrugged. "I've been talking to Dr. Mills about you...nothing that you said in your sessions with her," he was quick to assure, "but more like, I'm trying to get to know you better through what you do and not what you say. You're not really the type to just say what's on his mind, Dean."
Blood on his left rib cage: surface wound from when he went through the wall; will need stitches and an alcohol cleanse.
He reached for his son’s hand but jerked back when the boy retreated further. At the rejection, the pair’s newly created bond–so fragile to begin with–crumbled apart, a separation Steve felt like an agonizing pain in his chest. Tony, watching intently from the side, rubbed small circles on his husband’s back in support, knowing how hard Steve would take the setback.
"I don't know, she's my sister and she hurt you and-I-I'm sorry Dean!" Clint's whole demeanour was completely different from the usual boisterous prankster the boys had met. In his place stood a small boy, his head hanging low and feet shuffling, as if he couldn't decide whether to run or stay put.
Dean turned and smiled, his eyes bright with excitement. "Hi." He set the contents of his arms on the table and paused next to the Captain, before throwing his arms around the man. He buried his face in the neck of his adoptive father and smiled as he felt strong arms wrapping around him. Taking a deep breath, Dean whispered: "Welcome home, Papa."
“On Sam’s life.” Dean’s eyes bore into the man’s, knowing that he understood the weight of his words.
"Woah, calm down, nothing. It doesn't mean anything, just trying to end the chick flick moment, Sammy," the teen raised his hands in a placating manner.
Tony's money had bought Bucky a suite at the hospital that was so big, everyone was comfortable sitting in their chairs without the room feeling cramped at all.
"Yeah. Classic ADHD signs. If he would stick with a therapist for long enough I'm sure he would've been diagnosed by now." The other man answered.
Tony took a big breath and held it for a moment, before letting it out and dropping his arms. “Can I help you back up?” he asked, innocently enough.
He really did feel awful. Every muscle ached, his head was pounding, his side screamed in agony, and with all the different smells in the kitchen, it was a miracle he didn’t end up with his head over the sink. A quick nap couldn’t hurt.
“No,” the teen shook his head, his voice small. “Bobby said he hasn’t heard anything about him in a while.”
“Steve, I need us to pause for a moment and take a breath,” the brunet interrupted. “I can see that you’re panicking and I think it would be best if we deescalated this situation before we continue.”
"It's been two years, Dean. What if–what if he doesn't want us anymore?" Sam was focusing intently on the pillow in his hands, gripping it so tightly Dean could see the boy's knuckles start to go white.
"It never stopped," Loki spat. "Thor goes on and on about how he's glad the old coot is dead, but the bastard
“I was delirious, and you thought I did recreational drugs. Of course, I thought you would hurt me. It’s what I’ve known not only for the past couple years, but my whole damn life! If I came home high, you can bet my dad would’ve beat my ass!” Dean slowly leaned back into his seat, dropping his gaze to his twiddling hands. “And–I–when I saw that I had...made a mess on the floor and your shoes, Tony, I–I know that I forgot where I was, and if that ever happened with my other foster fathers…” he trailed off. “That’s why I didn’t want you to touch me. That’s why I fell off the bed to get away from you. I forgot where I was and didn’t remember you at that moment. I promise.
"Codeine? Nope. Probably got it from another guy who was too stupid to know not to give a teenager fuckin' codeine. Unfortunately not all our guys are geniuses. Any other questions?"
"Dean," Jody sighed a little, collecting her thoughts. "We've already established that you have problems with your self-esteem. Maybe if someone reminds you when you're hard on yourself, it'll be easier to recognize when you're having these thoughts and you can start taking the steps to correct them."
"The one without volume control is Thor, our eldest," Tony gestured to the mound of muscles beside them. Thor looked like a god. His muscles were bulging out of the tank top he was wearing and his blonde hair brushed his shoulders as he waved to the boys.
"Seriously? Fucking codeine? This is like the most addictive painkiller, Dean! What the fuck were you thinking?" Tony was really angry now.
Steve pushed his husband towards the door, cutting him off. “Come on, genius. Out we go.” Looking over his shoulder, he called back, “Keep a good eye on him, Sam! We don’t want him getting any sicker.”
Steve sighed in agreement, then stood from where he was leaning on his desk. "He literally said that he'd accept any punishment we give him. What kid actually says that?"
Steve regarded the boy, analyzing him. Steve had noticed that Dean was always shaking his leg or fiddling with something in his fingers. The only exception was, as Tony put it: when he was 'being a dick'. The soldier watched as Dean sat on a bench and drank the water, both hands and legs completely still.
Every step felt heavier and heavier, as if he was trying make himself a part of the earth. As Steve closed the door behind him, he pictured a prison cell slamming shut.
"Ugh, fine bitch." Still half asleep, the teen made his way downstairs with Sam doing a perfect impersonation of a puppy dog trailing behind. Dean was woefully unprepared for the wall of smiles greeting him in the kitchen, his heart jolted in panic as everyone rushed over to give their well wishes.
Dean nodded and passed over the matchbook. He stepped back to give Loki the space he needed and watched as the other boy held the match to the wood, waiting until it caught flame to throw the entire match into the quickly lighting fire.
what I want for Christmas! Since you already seem to know!” Dean huffed, standing up from his armchair and glanced around at the walls of the room in avoidance.
"So, I'm guessing this is the husband?" A man in a stupid bowler hat and heavyset mustache asked, eyes crinkling in a smile.
"That's alright. Did you think about why you asked me that question last time? If I thought John was a good dad?" Jody leaned back in her seat, getting more comfortable now that the teen's aggression seemed to be completely gone.
Steve, on the other hand, was perfectly still, lacing his fingers together on the table and beaming at their son. "We have a proposition for you," he stated.
Tony was attempting to video chat. Accepting the call, Steve pulled the phone further from his face to properly see his husband.
“What’s going on with my brother? Is he okay?” Panicking now, Sam thought through every scenario that could be happening; most of them included Dean being critically hurt. “Please, I need to see Dean!”
Steve sighed and put down his cutlery to give the boy his full attention. "The place I'm going is really top secret, and that means no communication via technology. So I won't be able to call, but I'll still write you guys as much as I can," he promised, giving his son a sad smile.
Apologies for the long wait but hopefully now that I'm back to reality (ugh) updates will continue to be consistent!
Not wanting to upset the man any further, Dean exerted the last of his energy pushing himself up to lean against the headboard. Tony attempted to prop a pillow behind his back for comfort but stopped when the boy flinched and narrowed, nervous eyes froze him in place. Instead, the man passed over the glass of water, making sure Dean had a good grip before he let go.
Seeing the boy hesitate, Mr. Wilson continued. "We're just trying to make sure the two of you are safe. Is that so bad? I just want to ask you a couple of questions. If everything checks out I'll drive you back to your room myself."
“He used to make it a lot for me when our dad would leave, so he had lots of practice,” Sam pitched in.
Just a note: I am going on vacation, so I won't be posting for a couple weeks. Hopefully this EXTRA LONG chapter will tide you over until I get back!!
"Aye, dad says I should move my bed to the gym as it would save me time." Thor's eyes twinkled in amusement as he shook Sam's hand. "And you must be Samuel! You already look like such a warrior, perhaps if you are interested you might join me some time."
Steve, I don't know about this." Tony admitted to his husband. "Are we really the best people to care for these boys? Dean is as amped up as a feral cat, and god Steve. He looks so scared!"
After waiting until the feelings passed enough not to paralyze her, she raised an eyebrow in question, gesturing to the man's face.
“This idiot, I swear to god,” Dean muttered as he pushed himself up and stomped as quietly as he could up the stairs and knocked on Loki’s door. The teen had to knock three times, his anger rising with every second the door remained shut.
“Well, you’ll certainly try next year.” Steve mused, settling in one of the armchairs. “He wanted a giant stuffed reindeer in the entryway, I had to talk him down to the inflatable one in the yard.” The man winked at the children with a smile.
Thor’s face lit up in excitement at the question. “Traditionally we celebrate on the winter solstice, but as this country is so ingrained in its holidays, I’ve decided to move it to correspond accordingly. The burning of the fire represents the keeping of the light through the darkest of times, something that I believe we, in particular, should be accustomed with.”
"I saw you and Sam in the media, Dean. Seems some billionaire has taken in two more foster kids, and that makes interesting news or some shit. Are they hurting you?"
"I understand what your saying and that's a conversation for another day Dean, but bottom line we don't want you bleeding at all if we can help it," Steve replied.
“That was not the point and you know it. Anyways,” Steve directed the conversation back towards the teenager. “To ease our minds, Dean. Have you ever done recreational drugs?”
She met his gaze easily. “I think I’m right in that this isn’t the first Christmas by far that you’ve spent without your father, but it is the first one where you don’t have to take care of Sam by yourself and have the means to give him everything you’ve ever wanted him to have.”
Hello, my wonderful readers! It's my birthday today, and as a gift from me to you, enjoy a new chapter, and a final chapter count on this fic!
Dean had his head as close to his plate as he possibly could, avoiding eye contact with the rest of the room.
Wordlessly, Steve lead them through stretches while telling Dean how important it was to stretch before ever doing something strenuous as to avoid hurting yourself. Dean rolled his eyes everytime Steve wasn't looking.
“My father was Jewish,” Tony responded offhandedly. “As much as I didn’t care for him, it doesn’t feel like the holidays without one.”
Steve pulled the shorter man to their bed and pushed him in before climbing in beside him and pulling up the covers.
"I-" the men were quiet as they let the boy find the words. "I don't-" Dean ran a hand down his face. "Fuck. I'm sorry. I don't know what I was thinking. I just-I guess I just needed-to feel good? To-to feel-connected? I don't know! I just-I-" Dean's breathing picked up as he was talking.
“We don’t hate you, Dean!” Clint pressed. “I was scared you were gonna leave again! Please don’t leave again!”
Natasha loved the dress her mother picked for her today. It was red with white flowers and it twirled beautifully. She only wished she could be like the girls in the pictures with a red bow to match. It would be perfect with her dress and red hair! Red was Natasha's favourite colour, she was so lucky her mom got her so many red things, she would be the Red Girl!
Sam looked from one man to the other, homework long forgotten. He was confused. He just asked a simple question, why was Steve acting weird? "He told me that he lost Bucky in the war and I asked if he drinks."
"That's right, sweetheart," Tony agreed, before lifting the other man's left hand. Slowly, making sure to draw out every second, the genius licked the entirety of Steve's ring finger, paying extra attention to the gold band wrapped around it. "This ring right here? That's my fucking claim on you. It means that no one else can touch you, that you
“Stop it, Tony, I’m fine.” Dean waved the man away. “You don’t need to make such a big deal about this.”
"Off. Off," Tony pushed Steve's shirt higher, needing to feel the man's skin. The blond pulled back just far enough to whip the shirt off his head and pull Tony's shirt off as well before returning to the man's neck.
"If we're calling your father, we are all getting the chance to see him," Tony explained fiddling with the phone until the image appeared on the big screen in the corner of the kitchen. The family gathered in front of the television while Tony propped the camera of the phone so Steve could see everyone as well.
"Everyone knows John Winchester, and his sons Sam and Dean, and you're too old to be Sam. I also happen to know that no one's seen John in a while." The man stuck his hand out in greeting. "The name's Rufus. Bobby and I go way back."
“Never had a reason to,” Bobby shot back. “They still treating you right?” he pointed to Steve and Tony.
"Hey champ. Can we come in?" Tony asked. Dean hesitated, and apparently Tony noticed. "Or we could talk somewhere else. How about we go to Steve's office?" He suggested. Dean nodded and slipped out of his room, following the men down the hall.
He heard the boy sigh dramatically, then shuffle over to his parents. Clint was shorter than Dean, certainly, but not much taller than Sam, with short blond spiky hair and a lopsided grin that spoke of unseen mischief. He waved at the brothers and introduced himself, then turned to his fathers.
Steve smiled and ruffled the boy's hair. "It wasn't a treasure hunt, darling. You know we went to that storage locker."
“Alright, we’re getting a little off topic,” Steve held his hands up between the two, trying to keep the peace. “Dean, we have a list of things we want to talk to you about. Tony?”
Tony's whole body seemed to sag as he relaxed. "Of course, studmuffin. As long as you spend some time with me as soon as you get back," he replied with a wink and a playful grab of the other man's ass.
"You were only on Reddit anyways, it'll—" Dean stopped as he held the computer further away so Loki couldn't reach it. In reaching out like he did, Loki's sweater had risen up to his wrists, revealing the very skinny, pale and
"It's gone, isn't it?" Bucky interrupted. The other man floundered for an answer. "I knew that it was a possibility, Steve." He comforted his friend with another hand squeeze. "Hell, before you got me, I thought it was gonna kill me. I know what blood poisoning looks like."
Fuck I miss you. I have no idea how to handle this. Of course, they're both grounded. And suspended. Ugh, I’m gonna have to deal with them in the same house for two days by myself.
The two sat there, Loki's right hand securely in Dean's, the younger of the two giving the other the space to come up with the words. While they waited in the absolute stillness, Loki's left hand started fiddling with a previously hidden chain around his neck nervously. Finally, Loki sighed. "Look, it really
"Really? He told you about how he bought out a restaurant and bribed the chef?" Steve smiled and hugged Tony from behind.
Despite his decade in captivity, Bucky was always good with kids and his skills shone through. The entire room was in tears at how hard they were laughing at Bucky's stories, even Loki couldn't fight his smiles. The only hiccup of the first meeting was when Clint moved back in his chair and accidentally knocked over a vase that shattered.
“The truth. That you don’t want me to tell them, and that they don’t need to worry about you being hurt like this again,” he replied coolly. “It’ll drive Tony crazy, but they’ll accept it.”
Tears were beginning to form in the teen's eyes. He hadn't managed to protect Sam from anything after all. Everything he did was for nothing."Why didn't you say anything?" he asked, forcing down the lump in his throat.
"Not a talking day, huh?" Tony reached for the girls hand and squeezed before letting go. He whispered something in her ear and Nat gave a small nod. "Nat came to us non verbal, she's been doing so much better but some days are harder than others."
“Looks like you just needed to work off some steam,” Steve smiled. “I was wondering if you think it’s enough or too much. We could find you other activities to burn more energy, or we could scale back if you’d like. It’s completely up to you.”
"And you are absolutely right. Kids need the verbal and physical assurance that their parents love them, and that was something you've never had with John."
The family of four were confused, as the directions Mr. Coulson gave them lead them directly into an open field with dozens of people milling about. Looking out the window of the car, Dean started to see some familiar faces and grew more and more confused.
“What’s so special about this ring anyway?” he asked softly. “I thought you hated Odin, so why does this ring mean so much to you?”
"And– and they," Dean paused. How could he put into words that Sam could now officially be a part of the perfect family? "They told me something."
Not one to be ignored, Mr. Coulson once more nudged the boy and raised an eyebrow, silently asking if Dean really wanted to dare refuse him again. This time, the teen sighed and raised his arm in a 'lead the way' gesture.
Loki dropped his head, twisting the ring slightly and watching the diamonds shine in the dim lights.
"Look at me," the man started, waiting until he was certain he held the teen's full attention. "Your father's death was
“Look, it’s just–” the teen looked back down at his hands. “I called him a while ago and he basically cut all ties with us.”
Sam handed his bag to the man, still openly staring. Dean clutched his backpack closer to himself, then handed his over as well. He had a knife strapped to his calf that would give him enough protection for the moment and there was nothing in there worth fighting Hercules over if it went missing.
He needed to get Bobby's new number, and to do that, he needed to talk to someone actively in the hunting world.
“Okay, what’s with the family meeting?” Dean asked, sprawled over an armchair in the living room. “Don’t tell me you’re adopting another kid.”
." Steve used his Captain voice and Tony immediately stopped and his full attention was on his husband. "Sit. Down."
A sob forced its way out of the teen, making the man pull Dean in for a tight hug, feeling the gasps and tears escaping the broken boy.
"Please, Tony, please!" Steve cried, a single tear making its way down the captain's already tear-stained face.
Sobering up, Bucky reached for his friend's hand and squeezed at tightly as he could. "Stevie. You are my best friend in the entire world. I have waited for you to rescue me for over a decade. I really don't care who you love, as long as you're happy."
"That was really good Dean." Steve spoke. Dean was still kneeling, facing away from Steve and his brother.
"Right. Because there weren't any. Which means that either we don't hurt our children, or we don't hurt them anywhere you can see, but the fact that he had no troubles carrying your things up the stairs indicates that he's probably not in pain anywhere. Agreed?"
"Thanks." Dean panted out. "A little out of practice though." He admitted and gulped down the water.
with his logic. “I never even seen them. I’m not employed by the government, so they can’t use me to start a political fight. Man, I don’t even know what’s gonna happen with the suit now. Hank is probably throwing darts at pictures of my face every single day— and
“What’s the point of this?” Tony scratches his head, bothered, as they’re crossing to the kitchen, where Bruce is, surprisingly, nowhere to be found. “If this is really it, if we really were supposed to find all of this – why
“Why is he here?” Steve asks, still not standing down. He has no weapon, but he doesn’t need one, because he
T’Challa is standing before him like a wall, putting himself as an obstacle between Steve and Natasha, and he will not allow him passage before Steve gives him what he wants. He won’t back down. He knows something Steve doesn’t, something Steve
And there’s something in his gaze Tony cannot decipher, not in his precarious state of mind, but something that is not, with all certainty, the aggression and disapproval Tony had expected from him. Maybe it’s shock, and it would be fair, because this is the first time Steve has ever seen him like this, the first time Tony is actually fighting them not to apologize or to make peace through their always violent, fucked up ways – but a genuine fight, to
; The last time he attempted civility with most of the people in the room, he ended up with a shield jammed in his chest, and what good did it all
why she stayed. She kept the window open. She kept the lights on. Tony isn’t prideful enough to deny if he had the chance, he would have done the same. She’s – She’s still waiting for him to come back, even though she
Because he wouldn’t. She is not. Tony fixing her shoulder has nothing to do with it. It’s… It’s just what Tony does. He sees broken tech, he fixes it. That’s all. He’d just been paying back Nebula’s help, when she helped him into the ship. They are only helping each other survive this, and that is that.
“The Convergence is an event where all the Nine Realms align across the universe. An alignment that takes millennia between every occurrence. In 2013, they aligned. And though not many beings can feel it, much less see it, it is there.” Thor explains, making gestures to try to aid his words, but without any visual to back up the words, it just looks like… a very weird imitation of hand-wavy magic. Or maybe every bit of weird hand-wavy magic. “Yggdrasil, the Tree of Life, is constantly moving. Sometimes, the branches that hold the Realms align, and it opens passages between them. One of those passages led Jane to the Stone.”
Steve looks back at princess Shuri, waiting for her to continue talking, but she doesn’t. With a parting nod, she turns around and makes her way back inside, the two Dora guards following her automatically. Steve watches her go awkwardly, confused, because he’d been expecting more…
, and Tony can tell by the mere tone of his voice, the sneer in his face; He’s making fun of every single time Tony bared his most anxious thoughts and his biggest worries to them, and reminding him that just like now, they brushed him off like it didn’t matter at all.
“Did it shift?” Nebula asks, and Tony, for a second, has no idea what she’s talking about, until she comes forward, eyes sharp on the wound in his belly as crouches in front of him, voice urgent. “Is it cutting you?”
Just like the weight of his years, like the constant exhaustion in his eyes, the sting on his scalp, Steve will have to live with it now. Until, someday, he makes this right.
“There’s no chance this guy didn’t use the Stone on his own?” Natasha inquires Thor, with just a hint of steel in her voice. “Are you sure no one else touched it since you left it there?”
He stares at Rogers, feeling out of place, weirdly outraged, shaken and subdued, all at once, time frozen in the very few seconds in which they stare at each other like they have both been shocked by their own reactions, reeling from it so hard they can’t identify what’s happening with the other, lost in the translation in between.
Tony is a little anxious to watch her go, but he can’t think too much about it. So, he turns, and he says:
He laughs, a wry sound, no amusement or joy in it; meek and miserable, like all the rest of him, all the rest of them, curling in agony around itself, like it’s preparing to
“Zemo’s plan wouldn’t have worked if I had told Tony earlier.” Steve insists, needing Bucky to hear this. Needing to
of surprise, and old pain of being pushed away and treated like something other, something that does not belong and must be feared, even if he wasn’t turning green.
it.” Tony prods, because he has to, because something in him keeps telling him to push the limits, to see if Barton will react aggressively again, if he – if he can trust this
“What kind of nonsense is she saying?” Nebula whispers to him, as if she is trying to keep FRIDAY from hearing her.
scheme, but now you ruined it.” Tony jokes, and from the way Steve laughs, it sounds like it was the best joke in the world.
“SHIELD records state Dr. Zola died in 1972.” FRIDAY swiftly informs, precise and direct, enlarging the picture of the scientist to draw attention to it, and she brings up a cutout from what looks like the scan of a medical report, stating Zola died in November of 1972, of lung cancer.
“And what if I want to? Huh?” Tony snaps, blinking rapidly to try and disperse the tears that cloud his vision, head going straight up to look right into her eyes, almost startlingly, despair bleeding into every sound that stutters and wobbles past his trembling lips. “What if I tell you – if I tell you that having you, here, with me, is the only thing keeping me sane, and that I can’t—”
“It’s good.” Bucky assures him, and it Steve’s heart constricts with unrelenting gratitude to T’Challa, in hearing how
When Tony stops speaking, there’s only silence filling the air, silence and dust, and Tony feels incredibly exposed for some reason, almost as if his chest is open in a wound, and anything could come too close and hit him in a very bad way. He’s honestly almost surprised by the feeling – the
“Not when these Stones are concerned.” Thor shakes his head. “I don’t believe that. I saw him, I saw… I saw enough to believe what Maximoff showed me was more than a simple trick to defeat us.”
“I’ll try my best.” Lang says, with incredible sincerity. Deeming this his opportunity, he stands, and shuffles with difficulty past Nebula and Rhodey, who have not backed off from their places; and with some adjustment, escapes to a more favorable position in front of the brainstorming board. “So what are we looking at?”
that they’re fighting over one of the things Tony loves the most: his tech. Steve doesn’t want Tony to think he doesn’t respect Tony’s intellect or his creations, because he
Watching him walk closer is both relieving and grating. Tony doesn’t – Tony doesn’t wish anyone to die, that’s not the sort of person he is. He wouldn’t do something like that. And no matter how angry he had been with Rogers, how many hours of sleep he lost because of the selfish asshole, Tony has never wanted him to suffer.
His nails are jagged and sharp. He nearly cuts his palms right open with how tightly he closes them in fists.
He could say it’s a moment of clarity, but that’s a lie, because that’s the opposite of how it feels – it’s a moment of
Not that the other Bucky wouldn’t be helpful – at first, having two of his best friend walking around was weird, but with some time, Steve got used to it, and came to see them as they really are, two distinct people, separated by time and experience, and that’s okay. He learned how to be fine with it because both of them seemed to be fine with it. But he won’t lie –, they are
“You should rest.” Rogers says, kindly, and then he ruins it by allowing the ordering tone to bleed back into his voice as he says, “We can start moving tomorrow.”
Steve— Steve is not trying to blame Tony for everything, alright? He said something cruel in the heat of the moment and he regrets doing it. He apologized for that exact reason. He knows Tony was trying to do what he thought was right. But
“I don’t know how much ash we have out there. I don’t know how much each individual… left behind, when he snapped his fingers. Maybe a hundred? Two? Less, more? We don’t know.” Bruce shrugs defensively. “What about the trees and the animals? We have no way of calculating those. Worst case scenario, we might be talking over one hundred tons of ash. Maybe
“We can fix this, Tony. We’ll think of something.” She says, and it’s a comfort as much as it is a prophecy with no chance of failure. “There has to be a way.”
when she disappeared, and it shouldn’t have mattered, not when he had already known it would happen. It’s just how she is, isn’t it? It’s fine. It’s fine. And Tony had deserved it, her anger. He taunted her. He pushed when he shouldn’t have.
—” He chokes, and he has to shake his head and clean his throat to continue. “Because we now might have even less than three months to deal with all of this, and if we
and completely refuse to bend to their rules. Steve might have been known as Captain America, but America is not the one who holds his loyalty.
“Look, I’m don’t usually believe in these things, but isn’t that the point of a vision? Something that comes out of nowhere, for no reason?” Natasha points out, and Barton moves his head in exasperated agreement.
The other side is buried beneath the rubble. The smell of concrete and dust is as strong as the smoke, overbearing, and the plane is tilting in that direction a little, held down by the weight of the stones. When Tony looks closer, the space suddenly vacant because of the plane impact looks too
in an aggravated tone. “You were trying to ignore it. You would have gotten Barnes back and you would’ve hidden this
“A friend of mine died.” Clint mutters, sorrowful. “A young agent I recruited. He was undercover in Nepal and his cover was blown when the leak happened. He didn’t have time to make a retreat, and he
Thor steps forward, extending his hand to reach for the ring, cradling it in his palm with great care. He inspects it for a long moment, turning it in all directions and bringing it very close to his face to inspect the details, even though, from where Tony is standing, it just looks like a normal, totally simple, not at all important ring.
“It’s not really a wild assumption to make, Tony.” Steve points out, and that inexplicably hurts far more than it should.
it. He might not have meant it before, years ago, but he definitely knows now. He’s learned better. The suit is not what he needs. He can give it up, if that’s what she needs. “I can stop. After this, I can stop.”
He has every right to be worried! He’s only right to panic about this, okay! Someone has to! This shit is
Since Steve refuses to go to Fenway Park because of the Sox, which is pretty funny in Tony’s opinion, Tony takes him to the Museum. He’s not an art guy himself, and all the art he has collected over the years had been solely for Pepper’s enjoyment, not his own, but he thinks Steve is gonna love it, so it’s worth it. Steve tries not to show how excited he is at the idea, but Tony knows him well enough by now that it doesn’t stick.
Maybe it’s sadness. Tony wouldn’t put it past him. Though gone are the days Tony believes Steve is actually as innocent and well-intentioned as he looks, there is one thing about him Tony will never deny: That he’s an idealistic idiot. Fair is fair, takes one to know one. Maybe he thought, like Tony had, like he had foolishly dreamed, that this could be salvaged yet. Maybe the shoe only dropped for Tony, and Steve is still catching up. Or refusing to catch up. Equally as possible. Annoyingly probable.
It’s possible that Rogers and the others have been discussing this for days, and now that Tony’s here, they want him to choose. They’re waiting to see what he thinks, to know which side he’ll pick. It’s not— It’s not that Pepper’s opinion doesn’t matter, or that he knows better, because he knows he doesn’t, it’s just that this is what always happens; They reach an impasse, they hit a road-block, and they all argue about it until enough of them give in to the most supported solution. They have all laid their arguments, but no one has been able to convince the others to change their mind.
, if they could even call it that? That old bickering teammates dynamic, the joking banter, the push and pull? That’s gone. They blasted through the limits so terribly Tony no longer trusts them enough to explode when in close proximity, much less to try and gain some resemblance of what it used to be before. Neither of them, Rogers, or himself. He said he can’t do that. He can’t do this
“Yes.” It’s all he can say, because he has no other words to describe whatever the hell is this mess growing inside of him like a volcano about to explode.
“Communication issues, man.” Sam mutters to himself, getting up and slipping his sunglasses back on. “An enormous, gigantic pile of communication issues. Don’t know how you guys survived this long.”
“Yeah, but Hank… the Ant-Man suit works based on a kind of particle that messes with quantum physics. The forces between and inside atoms. I thought it would be best to learn about it when I started using it, just in case.”
” Romanov growls, a demand and a plea all at once, standing close enough to Barton that she will be the first to grab his arm if he moves; And they both completely ignore her, to her immense displeasure.
“Sorry, big guy.” Tony tells Thor, truly repentant. “There’s really not much for us to go through in this.”
means to Steve, and try to get her to understand. If Sam is right and Natasha doesn’t trust Bucky – and he probably is –, this might be what Natasha needs to hear. Maybe, just maybe, if Steve can allow himself to open up about this one more time, to confide in her with this, she might understand.
what Steve wants. He wants them to fight together again, all of them against the world, because that’s how it should be.
“They seem to be attempting to fix some problem with the Benatar ship, Boss. They are still on the premises.” FRIDAY helpfully replies.
“What’s he gonna do without a suit?” Sam gives a questioning shrug, his arms crossed and his stance guarded; but his voice calm and curious.
To his surprise, Clint tells him that Vision will stay around for a couple of days. When that happens, Steve realizes that Clint was right, and Vision
“Get bits pieces some other time, we have an issue to solve.” He says, very clearly shutting down the subject, bringing a projection of the six Infinity Stones close with a flick of his wrist, to redirect their attention to other matters. “Now. While we wait for a reply from the Wakandan Queen on the Vibranium issue, we need to think about the Stones. What they do, what they might be made of, and how can we steal them from him.”
This will not be the thing that takes him down. Tony Stark is a force beyond Steve’s comprehension and control, beyond
There is a group of sharply dressed and heavily armed women waiting for them when they do, and T’Challa introduces them as the Dora Milaje, the royal guard, and the way they greet the man exudes respect and admiration, almost tangible in the air, unwavering trust and loyalty.
The ship is apparently named Benatar. Tony finds that out when he manages to get inside the navigation system — which is weird and functions in a type of algorithm he has never seen before, something that seems to include a ternary logic instead of a binary one — and the main screen greets him with a bunch of information his overworked brain barely has enough strength to decipher. As far as functionality goes, Tony has
‘But what happened next, sir?’ Loki asked excitedly. He moved forward a little so he was almost hanging over the edge of the couch he was sitting on, his eyes wide as he kept looking at Rhodey.
