Why did I have to have a crush on someone who is too handsome and flirty for his own good,
Cas makes a sound in his throat and decides not to say anything, choosing to stare at the big portrait standing in front of him instead.
"Lies. You are telling me lies," Dean rasps.
Only a few quick seconds later, he receives a reply.
“Absolutely like a princess,” Cas replies, kissing her cheek. He fixes the white lace headband on Claire’s hair, fingering the wayward hair to its proper place.
“Lemme do it, baby.” Cas moves the long, shiny blonde hair to a side and pulls the tiny zipper up, securing the hook at the top of the zipper. He rotates his daughter and looks at her. His little daughter looks so beautiful in the dress, his heart feels heavy with bubbling emotions. The dress is navy blue in color and ‘tea length’ with a ‘sweetheart’ neckline and white lace ‘sleeveless bodice’ which goes down to the waist, along with a satin dark blue belt wrapped around the waist. This was the exact description of the dress the staff at the dress shop told Cas when Claire chose it. Cas just nodded and pretended to understand what she meant by all the descriptions. He was too busy watching Claire squeal over the dress.
PS. There are only two chapters left after this (including the epilogue).
Dean's heart keeps thudding inside his chest because it’s like a dream come true. Him sitting with Cas while they drink coffee and talk about random things.
Meeting Michael after months has been refreshing, he missed his big brother very much. The constant worry about his daughter was present inside his heart the whole time he was away but he
He has Cas’s blood from all the handling he did while coming to the hospital and he didn’t even realize. Dean almost stumbles on his way to the washroom.
The seat is cold and unforgivingly hard under his ass. The squeak of the rusty metal chains attached on either side of the seat with the swing frame and the groan of the seat under the pressure of his weight makes Cas feel like an intruder even though not even a soul is seen anywhere near. He feels too large for the seat since his knees are almost bent to ninety degrees, but he doesn’t care.
The conversation moves along and silence fills the table when Claire asks, “How do you know my dad?”
“Barthemelow Baker. Can’t say I’m surprised to see you here. After all, publicity is what you thrive for.” Cas knows the man hates when someone calls him by his full name so watching him grimace brings a little satisfaction.
“Yes, who’s this?”
“How do you keep up with all that energy? Claire hasn’t changed a bit, holy shit,” Balthazar stares in awe.
“You ain’t exactly a saint either,
“- and he stuttered how he’s with a friend and that’s how, pretty lady and lads, how Cassie got offered a threesome with a stripper.” Balthazar ends his tale, with a slap on Cas’s shoulder which makes Dean grimace.
The petite blond news reporter informs the audience and the screen cuts to the live footage. A voice starts speaking as the camera is focused on the big red fire truck. “
do things to fuck things up, Dean grabs his phone and wallet, stuffing them into the back pockets of his jeans. Shoving his feet into the worn-out combat boots, Dean moves out of the door and locks it before going to the elevator. Downstairs, he sees the guard, Joseph, sitting on his position beside the entrance with a newspaper in his hands. Dean nods at him as a greeting, getting a ‘good evening, sir’ as a reply, and walks out of the building towards the outdoor parking lot. He kept Baby outdoors since it’s a hustle to get it out of the indoor garage and he already is too stressed out to fuss over his car.
"I love you too, Castiel." Dean's own voice is filled with joy and peace and everything which should be in his story. Because since Chuck got defeated, Dean has been planning for this moment. For this ending. for this happily ever after.
Balthazar laughs, nods and winks playfully as Cas opens the door.
This cannot happen. He can’t just go away. He has to live. For his daughter. For his brothers. For Dean.
“Yep,” Gabe confirms, popping the p at the end, “look, you wanna make sure if your daughter will be okay? Then better ask someone who knows everything about it.”
“ Yes. Him. How many Cas’s do you think I know?”
“Claire, baby, you scared me.”
“Ye-umm.. yes I’m okay,” Cas mumbles, taking a long sip of his coffee even though Dean is pretty much sure it’s still too hot to drink like that.
“Hi, and of course!! The more the merrier! And any friend of Cas is a friend of ours, right Dean?” Sam looks pointedly at Dean who ignores it to stare at the way Cas and Balthazar- his name seems as slimy as his smile right now- are standing too close. “You want a drink?” Sam offers to which Balthazar nods eagerly. Cas is still too busy looking all smiley and happy with his
When they separate, Dean looks at Charlie, “Claire, this is my best friend, Charlie. Charlie, this is Claire, the strongest Novak.”
“I’m- I-” Dean stumbles over his words, his mind running a hundred miles per second.
“You’re right. I was just worried. Everything’s changing and I want to make sure she’s okay.” Cas sighs, looking away from him, biting his lips as he usually did in the past whenever he was troubled.
Castiel stares at his beer pint, watching a droplet of condensation rolling down the wall of the glass at a lazy speed. He tries hard
Dean glances up, acting innocent, “What? I rescued this little baby this morning. He needs a new home, Cas. Thought Miss Clare would love him. And, by the way, she has been complaining about how you wouldn’t give her a pet.” Dean shrugs. Suddenly, Cas feels a little bad because it’s true Claire wants a pet since she’s all alone most of the time and she can’t always go to the Klines.
He parks his car, when his phone buzzes unexpectedly.
boyfriend
Dean’s breath hitches. He doesn’t say anything but his eyes are now firmly on Cas. After a moment of silence filled with tension, Dean speaks, “For closure? You mean you wanted to forget me? To, what, move on? You already had, remember? You were the one to leave. You had a fucking girlfriend who gave you a kid. You had moved on, Cas. If anyone needed closure, it was me. Not you.” The last part is just a broken whisper, which manages to make Cas almost flinch.
Cas sighs as if he’s realising he is being too harsh again, “Dean, wait.” Dean stops but doesn’t turn around, not wanting to look at Cas in case this is the last time he'd be near him again, “I didn’t mean for that to come out so harsh and cold. I hope... we can be friends.”
Balthazar’s hostile demeanor crashes as he sees Cas’s serious expression, “Chill, Cassie. I was just breaking the ice. Now, let’s drink!” Cas nods eagerly. Sam looks at Dean with an apprehensive expression on his face while others order drinks from the nearby waiter.
Satisfied with the lack of blood, Dean turns off the tap. He looks back down at his hands, and for a split second, he envisions the blood again. Dean shakes his head, placing a barrier between him and his traumatizing thoughts, and is about to leave when his eyes fall on the mirror. He looks at his reflection. A face full of worry stares back at him. Tearing his eyes off from the mirror, Dean goes away from the washroom, letting the door slam behind him.
“Dean, come on, I made you breakfast!” Sam says, his exciting personality matching the brightness of the sun this morning.
“I know I’ll do great, Cassie,” he replies cheekily, winking playfully, “But you, on the other hand, will have to do something great. And by that, I mean talk. Talk to that lover of yours and clear out the air. All the angst is making me feel like I’m in a badly scripted drama movie.”
We realized some of the readers might not have Spotify available so we took a screenshot of the playlist and posted the picture on the Pinterest board. Here's the link: https://www.pinterest.com/pin/730005420844640408/?nic_v2=1a6Kj2JyG
“It was great! I won a maths competition and beat the smartest kid in class!!” Claire exclaims wiggling around on her seat excitedly.
Dean knows Cas is gonna lose his shit soon but he can’t lie to Claire, “I made a mistake. I thought it would be better if your dad and I got some space. You know, sometimes people need space to figure things out, even best friends. But I was fu- freaking wrong.” Dean finishes and stares at Cas.
HI!!! this is my first solo fic so I'm kinda excited and nervous. Hopefully, y'all will like it. This story is the product of my impulsiveness to write a deancas fic. It wasn't supposed to happen till I started writing it. Whatever you feel about it, don't hesitate to inform me in the comments. Or you can dm me on my twitter- romanscallie. I'm not sure what the schedule of posting will be yet so it will be informed later. Till then, enjoy!
“Cas is just afraid to get hurt again, Dean,” Sam says quietly, “But he’s not fragile. He’s strong and resilient and patient. He will listen to you.”
It took Dean a minute to process what Michael had just said. New Orleans? Lodge?
“Hello, Dean. Please come inside.” Cas steps to the side to let Dean in, catching a faint scent of cologne as he passes him. ”Would you like something to drink?” Cas asks, his heart racing like he was sprinting a fucking marathon a moment ago.
he curses in his mind and quickly pulls out his aviator sunglasses from his jacket pocket and wears it to protect his eyes from the assault of the sharp light. Locking the doors of Baby, he struts towards the red and white building.
“Did you eat anything?”
“Well, the only type of parties now I can attend are the kids’ parties.”
Dean grins cheekily, “Well, your dad isn’t here now, is he? And hey, if your dad gets mad, I’ll cover for you.”
nothing. Maybe-
Balthazar brings his hands up in surrender, slowly taking steps forward to calm his friend, “Alright, I hear you. I meant... give
Dean decided it is better to get takeaway as Claire suggested instead of eating out so they can stuff their faces with no judgment. They return to Dean’s comfy loft, Claire immediately rushing to the bathroom to change. Dean changes and has a quick wash too and prepares the food on the table. He sends a picture to Cas.
“As long as you’re okay… but you have to tell me when things like this happen at school, sweetheart,” Cas replies weakly.
“Did it go that bad?” he asks softly, as Cas parks himself on the couch with a groan. He just nods in reply and hides his face in his hands.
Balthazar rolls his eyes. “Went to your house straight from the airport. Saw the lights were off- '' Cas and the newcomer stop in front of the booth. Dean is still standing where he was before so it makes him be closest to them. “- then one of your lovely neighbors came out of their house and told me where you were going to a bar. So I thought ‘why not surprise him?’ and came here. Outside I bumped into this wonderful lady.” Balthazar ends his story with a hand wave at Charlie, who is now sitting beside Sam, grins, and waves back.
“Oh, what do we have here?” Dean takes her arm gently, examining her elbow which got a small graze when her elbow made contact with the floor earlier.
Cas?” She asks, curiously.
“Here! I-I'm he-here”, comes a raspy male voice from the other end of the hallway. Dean rushes closer to the voice, pushing away debris blocking his way until he finds the man leaning against the wall coughing and clutching his chest. Dean almost goes numb, recognizing the man but after a moment of stillness, his brain drives right back into action.
Now determined more than ever, Claire sprints up to her room, burying her head in work.
Dean paces when he’s nervous. He bits his nails when he’s anxious. He curses absentmindedly when he’s worried. And now he is doing
“Umm… I should go.”
“You better go before she gets salsa sauce over her new friend,” Cas laughs through the phone. Dean quickly says goodbye and hangs up in time to help Claire with the mess.
He rubs his hair with his towel, trying to dry it off as much as possible and reaches for his phone on his bedside table.
fairytale ending, huh? Anyways, you know what to do now.”
Dean kneels in front of Claire, “You good, princess? You know what they said isn’t true, right? You’re good just like your dad is awesome, okay? Trust me.”
Dean sighs loudly as he follows Benny.
“Thank you for looking after me,” Cas says after a moment.
of a phone vibrating startles both of them enough to make them jerk and look at the source of the sound. Dean’s phone which is laying on the couch between them is vibrating, indicating someone is calling. Sure enough, Sam’s name with his picture in the background is displayed on the screen.
“Uh...it’s going okay I guess.” Cas shrugs even though he knows his friend can’t see him right now.
Dean climbs up the stairs and is about to walk to Cas’s bedroom when his eyes fall on the door on his right side. It’s the door that usually stays locked as per Claire. “Dad doesn’t let anyone go inside,” she informed him once.
“Good morning, Sam. I got you a small gift to say congratulations on the new job and apologies for Balthazar’s behavior last night.” He hands Sam the small package wrapped in blue wrapping paper. Dean bites into his taco harder than necessary at the name of the British accented dude.
HEY GUYS!! We are back with a brand new and long chapter. This chapter got both happiness and sadness Hope you guys like it :) Don't forget to tell us if you like it or not in the comments. We love to read about how you're reacting to our story.
“Mr. Novak, this is Graham Kell, one of the organization owners to receive the donation tonight. He wanted to introduce himself to you.” Lauren states with a small curve of her lips.
“Why don’t you tell me
“So...Cas, you and Dean went to high school together right?” Charlie asks, her eyes screaming trouble. Dean freezes on his seat. Across him, Cas freezes too, his glance at Dean looking kinda nervous.
“Thank you!! Isn’t she the best?” Claire hugs the toy which is approximately half her size. Dean laughs, “She is. How about we get some food and show this off to your dad, huh?” Claire nods eagerly.
They finish dinner and Cas hastily retreats to clean up the dishes. Seizing the chance, Dean, of course, follows behind.
Unexpected trips are always the fun ones...
They seemed okay when Dean and he were... together. Maybe he was too engrossed with his life to notice it. But now is probably too late to say anything to Dean.
Claire tilts her head, “So you regret leaving him?”
But seeing his daughter smiling bright and laughing as she brings the kitten back into her arms, Cas can’t say no.
Cas smiles, driving down the road, gripping the steering wheel tightly, “Yes, sweetheart. I’m pretty sure I remember my only daughter’s birthday.”
That’s when Dean realizes that despite all their meetings, Donna had never been introduced to Cas or Claire properly.
Dean glared at his brother, “-and the next thing I knew we were kissing.”
Cas absentmindedly replies to Sam and keeps his phone face down on the surface of his office desk. Leaning back he sighs. He has a conference call within an hour but his mood is not good enough to stay focused.
“Dean,” Cas interrupts, “I understand. And really, it’s okay. Just… forget about it.”
A stream of endless thoughts crosses Castiel’s mind. What if Dean leaves again? How will he manage then? Does he have the heart and patience to manage everything?
A few minutes later, he receives a reply that makes him smile like an idiot.
Dean doesn’t reply after that, so neither does Cas.
“Unfortunately yes. Anyways, it’s decided then. I’ll take Claire with me. I hope she likes it there.”
Cas becomes still and his heart screams at him for telling Dean about Meg. He’s sure Dean means well but he doesn’t want him to. He's already making Cas want to reach him and take his hands into his and spend the night just being with each other...just like they used to when they were younger. However, he’s not someone who Dean should be with anymore. Dean needs someone who can be with him without any past incidents or someone with a small child and a dead wife. And he can’t be what Dean wants him to be.
Castiel and Claire move to their new home in Lawrence.
“You gave me a spare key remember, loverboy?” Charlie rolls her eyes.
“Ah yes, I remember you. Hello, Claire, I’m Dean,” Dean grins back, shaking hands with the little girl, “I love your jacket by the way.”
“I know, Dean,” Seems like Dean said it out loud since Donna tries to speak to him in a calm voice, “But you are not in the condition to do it. It’s already a conflict of interest since you know him so I cannot let you do it if you act like this. It will make it difficult for us and it might make him more uncomfortable than he already is.” The words of his captain grab Dean’s attention. Of course, she’s right.
“That’s just how Lee is. And you’re not one to talk, Balthazar was all over you that day too.”
Claire nods several times, “I’ll miss you, papa bear.”
A few days pass by, Dean talks to Cas whenever he can but Cas is always so busy with work that they barely have time to hang out. Dean feels helpless and a little disheartened but he doesn’t let that get the better of him.
“You know,” Dean starts, “You raised an amazing kid.” Cas’s face turns to him, blue eyes fixating on the green ones as Dean continues, “She’s incredible, brave, smart, kind. And it couldn’t have been easy, but- you know, I’m proud of you.” Dean doesn’t know why he is saying all this but he can’t stop the words spilling from his mouth.
“Like best friends?” She pushes further.
The cake is cut and served among the guests after a while. Cas mingles with the people as Dean stands in a corner, observing everything while Sam is in the vicinity, probably talking to someone about human rights. His eyes fall on a woman who looks a bit familiar as if he has seen her before. After searching through his memories, he recalls her as the woman who brought Claire to the site when he had rescued Cas from the fire. He turns his gaze towards the sky where the sun is hiding behind a heap of thick grey clouds. A cool breeze makes the tiny hairs at the back of his neck stand upright. He pulls up the collar of his jacket, hoping to feel a bit warm when a voice speaks behind him.
“Michael? You sound different...a bit squeaky.”
“Okay,” Dean replied and turned to face the window which was closed with the curtains open, allowing moonlight to slip into the room. Castiel took a moment to look at his husband since usually, Dean would somehow realize whenever Castiel tried to look at him and would always stare back at him.
November rolls around unexpectedly fast when one is busy filing stacks of documents and doing ridiculous amounts of paperwork. Every day Castiel returns home, drained and completely exhausted, but he plasters on an encouraging smile for his daughter. Claire is thriving at school. A few days have passed since Halloween and her friends still talk about her incredible costume. Claire is not that popular kid, but everyone knows and respects her. She’s fierce and tough but compassionate and helpful towards everyone. The teachers adore her too, making Cass’s heart swell with pride.
They all agree this was the best choice. Dean helps the man out of the seat first, gripping his hand and waist tightly as he leads him to the wheelchair.
“Hey- uh-” Dean panics,
Fuck Social Studies and its assignments,
“You’re welcome,” Dean smirks, chuckling lightly. Cas almost rolls his eyes and pulls away from Dean a little, “I-” he stutters, “I want us to be... friends. I...I know it might sound ridiculous since I was the one to go away the last time but now I want- I want us to
Dean turns to face Castiel, who is now watching him with the same intensity in his mesmerizing blue yes he always watched him with since the day he'd walked into that barn 12 years ago. Dean's stomach twists as Cas's eyes roam all over his frame. Dean doesn't know what he's searching for. However, he's not gonna say anything. What if he says something which upsets Cas? What if he leaves him? Again?
“Well almost, but close enough. Didn’t expect it though, huh.” Dean says, smirking, trying his best not to crack another laugh. A photographer, carrying a big DSLR camera, stands nearby them at that moment and asks them if he can take a photo of them. Cas looks at Dean with a questioning look to which Dean replies with a shrug. Shifting closer to Cas, Dean poses with one hand inside his pant pocket, while he presses the other to the small of Cas’s back, feeling him twitch a bit. Cas angles a little towards him with both of his hands stuffed inside the pockets of his pants. They both smile a little, as the flash goes off several times in sync with the
Cas tilts his head in confusion. Sam sighs and runs a hand over his shoulder-length hair.
“Uh… yeah,” Cas replies, taking a long sip of his beer.
“I’ll be honest with you, his heart stopped working for a while-” Dean’s heart twists, “- which was why the doctor had to use AED on him. Now his heartbeat is almost stable again but he’s not out of the danger just yet. We still need to run some more tests to make sure the surgery had no further complications.”
Suddenly, Cas jerks and shuffles backwards leaving a few feet distance between him and Dean. Dean instantly misses his warmth against his body. A pink blush fills his cheeks as he avoids both the Winchester brothers’ eyes.
“Yeah, just trying to find Claire. I just hope she doesn’t get lost,” Cas mumbles, his forefinger absentmindedly tapping on the side of his cup.
“Oh, well, here it is,” Dean takes the ring out of its box and holds it between his forefinger and thumb, “It’s no a big deal. I had this in the family. Grandpa Henry used to wear this. Mom gave it to me when I joined the firing squad. Said how Grandpa Henry would have been proud of me if he was alive... Anyways,” Dean breaks the sentence when his thirst starts to close up with emotions. He turns back to the woman at the desk, “Thank you for this.” Without looking back at Cas, he walks towards the door, “I’ll see you on the tenth, Cas.”
“How did you meet?” Dean asks, his eyes fixed on Cas’s face. Cas shifts a bit, internally debating whether to tell Dean about everything or not. After a couple of heartbeats, he thinks
Out of the five senses, hearing is the first one Cas gains. The
Dean rushes to the hospital to check on his husband
HI! Here is another chapter! Hope y'all like it. The next chapter might be posted a bit later since I've some important things to handle which won't leave me much time to write. BUT I'll definitely try. So bear with me.
Claire gets a party invitation however Cas feels anxious about sending his daughter to it. So he reaches out to an old friend to calm his nerves.
“Man, what a couple of bullies,” Charlie huffs.
After a few drinks, all of them are at different levels of tipsy. Balthazar told them about his photography gig and Lee, in turn, informed him and Cas- since others already knew about it- how Dean helped him with his business set up and promoted it to almost every person he met. Cas just smiled emotionlessly in response.
territory. The cans are placed far apart from each other and the other kids were struggling to nail them. Dean steps forward, placing his ticket down for a try. He grabs the water gun confidently, aiming and shooting down five cans in the span of five seconds. The entire crowd falls into silence, but Dean is on a roll. He knows he has a few more shots until the water runs out of the gun, so he takes down ten more cans in record time. He hears Claire gasp beside him and he finally looks up, a little dazed.
“Stop behaving so childishly.”
Cas’s phone rings, startling him, just as he crosses a T-intersection. He puts one of his Airpods in his left ear and answers the call.
“How do I look, dad?” Claire asks, grinning, bouncing on her tiptoes, feet clad in dark blue ballet flats with big bows on top.
Stopping in front of the crosswalk, Cas replies.
Dean glances up weakly.
“Dean tell your brother how wrong he is,” Charlie whines as she takes a deep sip of her pink-colored cocktail.
“Hey, blue eyes,” Dean says gently, trying not to freak Cas out. Cas still jumps. He clutches his heart and spins on his heels.
“You wanna have lunch? Afterward, you can help me with my room too,” Cas suggests. Claire agrees with a loud enthusiastic ‘yes’ and follows Cas downstairs.
After Dean reunited with Cas in the dock, they went to the house Cas lives in. It's a small cottage, filled with warmth and homeliness. They figure things out. They laugh at each other, laugh with each other. They bicker as usual. but it's filled with love and affection. They build a life together, standing side by side. Their loved ones, especially Jack, visit them sometimes. Cas has work to do too. He is still helping Jack to improve everything. Dean often jokes how he's the Robin to Jack's Batman.
Cas sighs as if he’s feeling the exhaustion of the night weighing him down. He leans forward and rests his forehead on Dean’s chest, which surprises Dean again. But instead of asking Cas what’s wrong, Dean moves his hand from Cas’s waist to his back, the
Glancing at the phone, Dean sees Sam has texted him. He reads the preview of the message on the lock screen, keeping one eye on the road since he doesn’t have a death wish… yet.
The team gets ready and quickly speeds down the roads of Lawrence, reaching the site within a few minutes. Halting on their feet, they gape at the fire erupting out the windows from the fifth floor, along with the other floors.
Cas bits his lower lip. On one hand, he wants to celebrate Sam’s success. But on the other hand, the man he doesn’t wanna see would be there. Of course, he would be there since it’s his brother who’s got the job.
ridden
Cas stares at the texts on his phone while rubbing his head. Waking up hungover and seeing 6 missed calls, 2 voicemails and 5 messages from one person who unintentionally has dug out the old wound in his heart isn’t something Cas wants or needs in his life right now. It’s Thursday and Claire will be up soon for her school. His daughter needs him to be sober and practical. So he doesn’t respond to any of the texts or checks the voicemails, even though it fucking
Dean winces at the sound of Benny’s deep loud voice buzzing in his right ear as the dizziness hits him again, “Jesus Benny, keep it down.” Benny just laughs, letting go. Dean walks over to the locker, taking off his sunglasses very slowly, and removing his jacket. He changes into his uniform- a navy colored T-shirt with LFD imprinted in red color on the left side of the chest, and pants in matching color- and goes to find his team, who are definitely upstairs, given the loud noises of laughter and chattering coming from there. Charlie and Garth are arguing about which outfit Sarah should wear for her date while Benny just chugs down his drink, standing near the fridge. Dean slumps down on the stool, leaning over the counter as Donna prepares lunch.
Dean nods, understanding, “I get you. But don’t worry. Usually, our Halloween event is pretty big but we have a lower budget this time around so it’s a bit smaller this year. It’s a good event for kids, we’ll be selling candy and little gifts in the station and it’ll be like a small party or a get-together. You’ll be there too, right?” Cas nods once, “And still if you think Claire will feel anxious about it, I can get one of my colleagues to be with her all the time. Her friends who are going will be helpful too.”
Sighing, Cas goes back to stare at the shelf, still not knowing which spice to buy.
Claire hops down the stairs excitedly, her wig- voluminous curled red hair- which was secured with too many hairpins by Cas- bouncing as she lands on the final step.
“How are you feeling now?” Sam says in a serious voice.
Claire giggles from her seat, munching down on her taco and attacking it so furiously that its contents spill out.
Not looking at anyone, Dean staggers away to the door. As he approaches the Impala, he makes a decision to go to the station directly instead of his flat since it’s nearer and he will be sober enough when he’ll see the paperwork he’d have to do tonight.
“I am calm.” Dean lies, pinching the bridge of his nose.
wrong," Suddenly emotions-
Feeling insecure in a new relationship doesn't feel right, does it?
Glancing at the big round clock on the wall, Dean notices how late it’s getting. Apparently, Cas notices it too.
Cas looked at Dean, who’s watching them the whole time without saying a word... just observing them. He smiled a little, “Hello, Dean. How are you?”
"I cannot believe you- you died-" Cas's voice breaks and he looks away. The sadness in his eyes and the drooping shoulder urges Dean to hug him but he resists. For now.
Cas sighs, rolling his eyes and grabs Dean’s hand impatiently and pulls him up the stairs to the kitchen. Looking back down, Dean spots Charlie’s wicked grin before she grabs her coat and leaves after a not-subtle-at-all thumbs up as if he’s gonna get some right now. Dean almost rolls his eyes at his own wayward thoughts. The rest of their crew have either left or are in their offices leaving Dean and Cas alone. Utterly alone.
Dean rolls his eyes, gently removing his hand from Cas’s waist and around his shoulder, “Idiot, who else has your house key?” Cas laughs until he hears Claire screeching in the living room. Cas panics for a moment but Dean’s feet are already scurrying, dragging the other man with him.
HEY GUYSSS!!! First of all, this chapter is a bit long-ish and secondly, it's an important chapter since things are starting to build up. Hope you are eager to know more about how the two dumbasses (Dean and Cas obviously) manage to get what they want. So buckle up and enjoy this chapter :)))
One afternoon, Castiel arrives at home, unlocking the front door and sees a small card peeking from under the door. Claire, who hops along behind Cas, pulls it out and squeals. Cas almost drops his keys.
“You look beautiful, Claire. Did you realize that your father and I are matching today?” Dean chuckles, glancing up at Cas.
“Just a long day,” Dean grumbles, rubbing his eyes.
“Come here,” Dean says, taking off his mask and handing it over to the man. The man takes it without hesitation. The man’s eyes are red-rimmed and unfocused; he fumbles with the mask before putting it on his face. The area of the wall beside them begins to fall apart, and a rush of fire brushes close to Dean. Without waiting for a moment, Dean pulls the man close to him by gripping his waist tightly.
Dean chuckles despite his shit mood. After a moment of silence to clear his mind, Dean speaks, “How’s the job hunting going? Found any decent jobs yet? I know a few salons. They give the employees a discount for haircuts… you know, for your moose mane.”
“That’s fucking great. Now, let’s go eat dinner. You can go to your lover tomorrow.”
“It’s just… it’s been literally 12 years yet my feelings for him didn’t change even a single bit but he… he’s moved on. He got a kid and his friends and everything. While I’m here sitting on my ass still carrying the torch for him.”
never
“Hurry up, y’all!” Benny yells, sliding into the firetruck.
“Awesome,” Sam says under his breath, his eyes are shining as he moves the candle closer to his nose to smell the fragrance. It smells like petrichor: the smell of earth after rain, one of Sam’s favorite smells as it calms him down. Dean knows it only because Sam once told him how much he loves the smell.
Ordering a whiskey, Dean plops down on one of the cushioned stools. He leans his folded forearms on the wooden surface bartop and looks down. The sounds of people talking, sudden bursts of laughter, and noises of people singing in terrible voices from different directions flow into his ears. The bartender serves him his drink along with a round coaster for it a few minutes later.
Cas just rolls his eyes and follows his friend to the dining room.
Dean’s eyes follow Castiel’s, a deep-rooted frown forming on his face tries to understand why Cas is looking so...there’s too much expression- a shock to surprise to confusion to happy- going on his face for Dean to understand, and they land on where, or rather
Ps. TW for implied death. Enjoy! <3
, I have to go.” His voice is as hard as his eyes are right now which Dean hates.
“How’re your parents doing? I forgot to ask about them before,” Cas asks Sam, whose face loses its smile instantly.
“How was your day, Claire?” Dean asks, driving down the road.
since he’d kissed Cas and yet, it makes him feel like he’s drowning in the sunshine just like he used to before. High Schooler Cas was slender and lithe but adult Cas is all sturdy and hard muscles and now Dean is already craving to be near him. To feel the same sparks that flew between them just like it had all those years ago when they first kissed in the living room of Dean’s childhood home.
Cas wraps his arms around his daughter, grinning from ear to ear. He quickly meets Kelly’s eye, thanking her endlessly. Kelly leaves with a fond smile as Cas closes the door behind him.
A throat clearing snaps Cas out of his thoughts. Bart is still standing in front of him, but his eyes are on Claire and Dean, who’s holding his phone while Claire stands between his legs, staring at the screen with a big smile, meanwhile, Dean is looking between Cas and Bart with a frown.
“A piece of the glass shard has cut through his shirt and punctured his skin. That’s where this blood is coming from, along with the injury on the forehead. We need to get him to the hospital, stat,” Charlie says calmly but sternly.
“It’ll be fun, I’m sure.” Charlie tries to convince him but it sounds like she is trying to convince herself as well. Dean just nods and puts his phone away quickly, determined to finish his late lunch- a chicken sandwich with some beef jerky- before another call chimes in which makes him groan in frustration since it's the second time he will have to stop eating his lunch because of a call.
“No, it’s fine. This is… nice,” Cas says, not wanting to let go just yet.
Dean stares at the man, using all his strength not to let his emotions get the better of him, “Yes sir. We will save her, I promise. You just look after yourself okay?”
“I miss my dad. This is the first time he’s left me alone. Can you stay with me tonight?” Claire asks. Dean, of course, agrees, sliding into the blankets. Claire places her head on Dean’s chest.
Dean had replied a few minutes after Cas sent that text. Now Cas is home, wrapping up work while Claire is at the Klines’ house. He still has some paperwork to finish which he brought home from the office. Neatly creating a small stack of papers he will need to get through before signing the current deal, Cas runs his chin, feeling a bit tired. He’s still in his work clothes, the white shirt tight against his muscular body except for his suit and tie which he removed after returning home because it is already way too hot and he knows he needs to get comfortable with Dean in the room. There’s a knock on his front door and Cas already knows who it is. Since the office is downstairs, it takes only a few moments for Cas to go to the front door. Nervously, Cas pushes the door handle down, opening the door slowly.
“Aren’t you… a nurse?” Claire asks, shifting her feet.
“What are you talking about?” Castiel questioned after giving Dean a glance from the corner of his eyes.
Dean laughs, “That’s my girl! Proud of you, sweetheart. As a treat, what do you want for dinner? We can get take out.”
HI! I am back with another chapter. It's kinda short but important because it's where the main plot starts. Also, my apologies for the delay but I have a legit reason. I've been busy applying to colleges and preparing for my tests so I didn't have much time this month. Hopefully, the next updates will be not too fashionably late. Enjoy this one and let me know how you feel about it in the comments and kudos are appreciated as usual.
Dean breaks into a happy smile and rushes over, “Lee! Man, what- what are you doing here?”
“I...I’m so sorry,” Dean says, his voice a little rough and choked. Cas sighs inwardly, because it's not the first time he'd heard the s word, and doesn’t dare to look at Dean, afraid of what he might find on it.
Dean waits, tapping the counter mindlessly with his fingers, and swaying back and forth. His eyes wander to the other jewelry in the store, admiring the extravagant rings and necklaces he knows he can’t afford, not that there’s anyone for whom he would buy anything. He’s so distracted that he doesn’t hear the bell chime lightly as another customer enters the store.
What Dean does next surprises all of them. Dean shakes Lee’s hand away gently, standing up abruptly, and looks at Cas with a serious expression.
Cas doesn’t know why or how his mind decides to do it but somehow when he opens up his mouth to speak, he finds himself saying, “It was also her mother’s death anniversary” He hears a loud inhale and looks over to Dean to find him staring at him with so much emotion, he faces downwards, staring at the glowing end of the cig as ashes fall on the ground, not wanting to get drowned by Dean's eyes. When Dean doesn’t say anything, he continues, “Meg- her name was Meg- had an uncomplicated pregnancy, everything was going fine, and we thought it would be okay but the moment after Claire was put in my arms after her birth, Meg went into a shock, due to blood pressure dropping, and the doctors tried everything they could or that's what they said. But nothing was successful. It...it was one of the hardest days of my life. On one hand, I was holding my newborn child, and on the other hand, I lost her mother.”
The 136 team arrives during the fourth period of grade one with their bags of gear to show the kids. All the kids gather around the bags, examining the equipment. Claire sees Ms. Donna, and Dean talk and laugh with her classmates so she joins them, walking up to Dean and standing beside him with a shy smile and earns a wink as Dean continues to tell a story about how he’d once saved a dog from a collapsed building. Once the kids settle down, the firefighters show a slideshow displaying all the essential safety precautions, telling stories about rescuing people from fires and jumping into some more crumbling buildings.
in the middle of the night
“Yes, Claire bear?” Cas asks, smiling patiently at his daughter, knowing too well she’s gonna ask for something.
“Of course, Claire bear,” Dean says smiling. Claire’s eyes widen at the nickname.
“Can I ask you a question?” Castiel’s voice from the doorway made Dean look up from where he was getting his clothes out of the closet to pack up for the trip. He was standing at the door, leaning his elbow against the doorknob.
Carefully threading through the groups of children in costumes, Dean returns to his table from the washroom and resumes handing out candies to hyperactive children and smiling reassuringly at worried parents. He glances up to see a little girl with red curls running up to him.
Claire’s birthday is in a week- on 10th October- and Cas has prepared almost everything already. He has bought adventure-themed decorations which include balloons, ribbons, and other festive things. He has bought plates, cups, spoons, and whatever else they might need. He has already called to order Claire’s cake- a big green and blue cake with miniature chocolate figurines of mermaids, pirates, lions, and other items- along with some finger food and meals from a restaurant but one thing still remains undone: giving an invitation to Dean.
“End of July. When you called to tell me how you managed to score the deal with the French art gallery.” Cas reminds Balthazar who hums in confirmation.
“Oh yes, I remember. Anyways, are you still the brooding businessman who’s immune to everyone's charm, or did that change?”
Charlie simply rolls her eyes, “That’s bullshit, but if you’re not ready to talk about whatever’s got your panties in a twist, then okay. I know how you have chronic emotional constipation. You wanna run an errand with me?”
They arrive home and Cas parks the car inside their small garage. He gets out of the car and helps Claire to get out too. Not looking back, Claire sprints inside the house through the door which leads to the main house and up the stairs to clean and get changed as her father prepares her food.
“Dean!” The man calls out.
Cas rolls his eyes, shutting down his laptop and keeping it on the side table, before sliding down the bed and resting his head on his sleeping pillow. He pulls the cover over his body, feeling the soothing warmth of it.
“I’m gonna take a shower now. I’ll prepare your breakfast afterward and leave it inside the oven. Don’t forget to eat it,” Dean said before going to the washroom.
“Really? That’s great. We should go and introduce ourselves then. But first, finish your lunch.” Cas says before continuing his own food.
Cas hates himself. No- he hates his
“Ah, I’m glad to hear that. Anyways, how’s life treating you since I last heard from you? When’s that? August? Or in July?”
“Hey, are you enjoying the party- or event. Whatever you call it. I call it an event because it’s so
Worrying about someone doesn't always mean something...or does it? And how many times can a heart break till it's too much?
Dean smiles, bouncing his head up and down enthusiastically, “Oh, of course. And yes, I’ll call if anything happens.”
After Balthazar ends his call with a loud yawn, claiming he needs his beauty sleep, Cas finishes stripping and enters the shower. He let the cool water lift the weight on his shoulders, the stresses, and anxiety of managing his business with his brother. He lets his mind run free, and for the first time, thinking about the future he hadn’t dared to contemplate on before. Maybe Dean was right, after all, this time will be different.
“Yes, sweetie?”
Sure enough, Claire is standing at the door with Kelly on her side. She’s bouncing on her heels and as soon as Cas opens the door, she jumps into his arms with a cry of “dad!”.
Dean sighs, standing up and walking towards Cas till he closes the gap between them, “You don’t mind if I stick around some more, right? I can help manage things here until you’re fully recovered.” Dean’s voice softens, “It’s your call. But you know, Claire already loves him.” Dean turns around to see Claire giggling as she plays with the kitten who keeps meowing while pawing at Claire's outstretched hand. Cas follows him and looks at his daughter being all smiley and happy with her new pet.
“Talk to Cas!” Sam yells out but Dean doesn’t satisfy him with a reply.
“Keep who? What did you do?” Cas immediately asks seriously.
Cas shifts closer to him and now they are only a foot apart. The tips of their shoes touch each other and Dean can feel the warmth radiating from Cas.
Claire smiles, eyes shimmering happily, “Thank you!”
“What do you think, biscuit?” Cas asks smiling, leaning against the door frame admiring their work. “I love it!” Claire dances around, eyes glistening with excitement.
“Define ‘fine’,” Dean murmured, ignoring the glare thrown at him by his husband. They are visiting Michael in his office after Castiel’s first scheduled checkup.
"Please don't cry, Cas. I cannot bear it."
Days pass by as Castiel settles in fairly well with Claire in Lawrence. Claire is quite enjoying her new school; while a lot of her classmates are quite friendly with her, Claire considers only a few of them to be her close friends. Cas would bring Claire home during his lunch break, asking his daughter about her classes and friends and Claire is always thrilled to share her day.
One of the ladies grabs Dean’s hand, “My boss, he’s in there! Please help him!” Dean quickly glances over to Benny who immediately nods in return. Dean and Benny have that relationship where they could speak a thousand words with just one look which always comes in handy during distress calls like this.
“I’ll think about it, okay?” Claire begins to smile, her hopes clearly getting higher, but Cas interrupts quickly, “I’m not saying yes. Just that I will check it out. If it’s safe and okay for you, we can go.”
Cas just stares down soundlessly.
Cas seems to know how Dean is in turmoil as he glances at him with a hesitant look. Dean just turns away his head to look at anywhere other than the person sitting across him.
A tap on his shoulder pulls him down to earth. He twists his head and looks up at the person. Lauren Ashby, the organizer of the charity, is standing with a man with a black tux on. Castiel stands up and nods at them with a smile.
"Heaven, I'm in heaven-" Dean's voice croons in Cas's ears as they sway together in their small kitchen. Miracle is snoring at the corner of the kitchen.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean’s eyes fall to Cas’s chest and he goes numb. Totally and completely numb. A piece of glass is poking out of his chest, a thick ring of blood pooling around it and dripping down on his lap. Dean wants to scream, to fold Cas into his arms. He doesn’t realize he’s mumbling Cas’s name until Charlie comes beside him and curses as she sees Cas. She has the Jaws of Life to crack open the door so Dean snatches it from her and tries to break the door open. But his shaky hands and frantic breathing doesn’t help him too much. He swears loudly and tries again.
Cas places a hand on his friend’s elbow, “Please, Balthazar, don’t start a fight now, you literally
Dean spends the next day sulking. Once he realized Cas wasn’t going to respond to his string of messages or calls, he stopped. Charlie swings her arms over Dean’s shoulder, smiling sympathetically.
Cas stiffens a little, “What?” He tries to ignore the timing of Dean’s question but given how Dean had always loved to slow dance with him in the past, he suspects it has something to do with the music and the fact there are other people dancing with their partners.
“I was at an art gallery, exhibiting my art pieces, where she came as a visitor. We both were in the third year of college. At first, we talked and became friends. I knew she liked me after we started to hang out together but I...was not ready. She asked me why, however, I was hesitated to reply to at first. Took me months before I could talk about it. She understood and treated me like a friend. But then I realized even though she knew about...everything, she didn’t walk away or make me feel uncomfortable. So I decided to give her a chance.” Cas falls silent as his mind recalls the hours he spent on Meg's dorm room talking about high school and his friends... and Dean.
“Cas never knew about what happened with mum and dad, right?” Sam asks, his eyes turning dark as his tone changes.
Sam chuckles over the phone, “What’s got your panties in a twist, Dean? Anyways I was just calling to say I want to move back to Lawrence.”
Shit.
Hi, guys! How's it going? I got three pieces of news to share with you.
“It’s been a challenge,” Cas deadpans.
With shaky fingers, Dean presses the call button and put the phone near his ear. After a few short rings, Cas answers the call.
The gates of the playground look worn with age and make a screeching noise, which slices through the silence of the night when Cas pushes them open to enter the playground. The emptiness of the place looks almost haunting though there are lampposts glowing in the space between every two wooden benches around the edge of the playground.
Finally giving in, Cas replies, “Okay...I’ll go,” His friend opens his mouth to say something, but Cas doesn’t let him, “But first I need to apologize to Sam for your… your-ness.” This makes Balthazar grin in an obnoxious way which makes Cas wanna flip him off but the presence of his daughter is the only thing that stops him.
“By the power vested in me by the State of New York, I now pronounce you husband and husband. You may now kiss each other.” Father announced, gesturing with his hands to indicate Dean and Cas can proceed.
“You’re good with kids,” Cas says, “It’s really great Claire likes you so much.”
a child.”
Six years ago when Dean joined the firefighting job he knew one day he’d probably have to have someone close to him in the victim’s position, but the little tidbit that he might see Cas in this position never crossed his mind. Maybe because he still wasn’t back in his life. But then it happened. He came back. And he got hurt. And now seeing him in this state is making Dean’s head spin. Mentally pleading to Cas to be alright, Dean stays by his side all the way to the hospital.
As some people start lining up at the queue for their turn at the karaoke and a song starts playing on the speakers, Balthazar snorts all of a sudden.
“Neither are you right now.” Came the reply from behind.
Navy blue three-piece suit with a crisp white shirt and a blue tie with tiny white flowers imprinted on it, along with shiny brown leather shoes. Cas looks at himself in the full-length mirror in his closet. He’s ready for the charity gala, except for his hair. His stubborn messy hair. Huffing he runs hands over his head, brushing the locks with his fingers. It now looks somewhat better and neat. He puts cologne on the side of his neck and runs his hands over the suit, feeling the smoothness of the fabric. The previous day he took Claire shopping for the gala, who insisted him to wear a matching color outfit with her. And that’s how he ended up with this custom made suit.
The voices in Dean’s head pound so loud that all he can do is let them consume him. After going home, Dean showered, scrubbing his skin till it turned red under his fingers, wanting to remove all the evidence of the fucked up situation.
“By the way, I thought of something that would make sure Castiel gets the break he needs.” Michael’s words brought Dean out of his reverie.
Dean chuckles, “It’s really okay, it’s only two days, sweetheart. A princess such as yourself needs your beauty sleep.” They walk up the wooden staircase where Dean’s little and cosy room is. He’s already made his bed, and kept a glass of water on the bedside table. He keeps Claire’s suitcase in the corner and helps her settle down and get ready.
Sam manages to drag Dean out of bed, and into the washroom to make him look a little more alive. Dean’s in sweatpants, a black t-shirt with messy bed hair, and dark bags under his eyes looks too pronounced. After freshening up a bit, he goes to the kitchen and sits at the countertop while Sam serves him breakfast.
“Oh, okay. Let’s go.”
, Castiel thinks as he searches for his six years old daughter, Claire. Walking up the wooden stairs, Cas calls out for his daughter, “Claire? Where are you? Claire?”
A sentence. Two words. Nine letters. That's all he has wanted to hear. That's all he has
“Do you, Dean, take Castiel to be your lawfully wedded husband? Do you swear before God and this company that you will love, honor, cherish, respect, and comfort him, in good times and bad, in sickness and in health? Do you promise to share your joys and sorrows, help him when he needs help and turn to him first when you need help, and forsaking all others, to be faithful to him alone?” He asked Dean Winchester in a solemn voice.
For the first time in a year, Castiel’s mind didn’t scream ‘awkward’ as he didn’t move away from his husband. Maybe it was the fact Dean was taking care of him, or maybe it was just the medicine… or maybe it was just the way he was starting to feel comfortable around his husband.
. The girl is somehow still conscious, but just about. The metal rod has pierced her left shoulder, luckily avoiding any vital organs. Donna peaks a worried look.
Cas sighs, “I’ll think about it, sweet pea. You need to finish your English project first or I will be in so much trouble with Miss Garcia.”
A while passes as he stares into the night, feeling his mind relaxing. The night is eerily silent except the
Running a hand across his head, he heads towards the front door only to see Balthazar already opening it. Maybe his friend is one damn good mind reader or Cas’s poker face isn’t as good as he thinks it to be because, without a word, Balthazar hugs him with one arm and pulls him through the door.
“Cas!” People stare at Dean like he’s lost his mind. Dean almost believes he actually has.
“Right, okay. Where were we?...oh yeah. I know Claire is adjusting well. Better than I thought she would, honestly. So, I’ll allow Claire to go to the event.”
“Yeah... but you
Dean’s eyes travel to the gift. Sam unwraps and finds that it’s a scented candle with a handwritten card.
Dean’s grey t-shirt, which was tight enough to make the muscles beneath it pronounced, was stark against the black bedsheets he’d laid on the bed this morning. From Castiel’s position at the foot of the bed, he could only see the back of Dean’s head and his back. His hands were placed close to his body, probably tugged under his chin as usual.
“What’s going with you, Winchester?” Donna asks curiously.
“Sure thing, Claire bear,” Dean continues effortlessly. He stands up, Claire having a tight grasp of Dean’s pinky finger, refusing to let go.
“I’ll do something
After making sure Claire would be okay, Dean finds Charlie in her car waiting.
Dean laughs, “Quite the opposite actually. She’s great, Cas. Do you mind if I steal her for another few extra days?”
October means the little Novak’s birthday is inching closer. Anticipation and excitement build inside Claire as she discusses her birthday plans with her newfound friends at school. When Cas goes to bring Claire home from school one Tuesday, he notices his little girl is buzzing with exhilaration as she tucks in her seatbelt.
of them,” Dean gasps exaggeratedly. Charlie lets out a loud laugh beside him, rolling her eyes. A few kids jog up to them to talk with them which halts their plans a little. Afterwards, they talk with some teachers and spread the posters around inviting everyone to the 136 station on Halloween night, Charlie promising them that it’ll be a special one indeed. Recess ends and Dean and Charlie are about to leave the school, trekking down the hallway towards the door when Dean hears an all too familiar voice reverberating in his ear.
If Dean wasn't dead, he would have died right now, right here, "Brother?" He manages to choke up.
The audience standing at the pews clapped loudly. Giggles, happy murmurs, and exclamations of joy were so loud, passersby outside the church could hear them.
“I was happy to come so you don't need to thank me and Claire wanted me there so I couldn’t exactly not come. Speaking of Claire, where’s she now? Won’t she get scared or something in an empty house?...Unless there’s someone staying.” Cas notices a bit of hesitation in Dean’s voice at the end but he chooses to overlook it.
“Okay. That’s it. I ain’t turning this conversation into a chick flick moment.” Dean knows Sam will try to talk about his feelings at every chance he will so he’s gonna try to delay
every day
Cas doesn't respond. He doesn't seem to even breathe. So Dean continues, "When you got stabbed by Lucifer, I mourned. I mounted like someone who lost his love. Who lost his everything. Who
“Bye.” Cas takes off the earbud and carefully parks the car in the school parking lot. It’s a close call since only two minutes are left for the school to end.
Cas doesn’t say anything.
Feeling too much chaos inside his head, Dean climbs down the stairs and sits down on the couch. His phone is lying on the coffee table which he picks up to check the time. Ten hours have passed since he got outta that collapsed building, leaving his friend behind. There are a few notifications of texts and missed calls from his family and friends. He ignores them however texts from one certain person grabs his attention. Cas.
Cas winces at Michael’s stern tone. Looks like Michael is in the big brother mode now.
“Dean, can you wait for a second? I got something to talk to you about.” Michale’s voice stopped the husbands on their way to the door.
“Look, Daddy, I know he was your friend. But he’s my friend now and he’s kind to me. He gave me that rose too, and-” Claire rambles on, trying her best to convince her father. Knowing Claire won't stop until Cas stops her, he cuts off her chattering after a while, “Claire, sweetheart, if you want to invite Dean, then that’s okay.”
“Fine establishment where women and men  danced for the customers’ entertainment,” Balthazar ignores Cas’s interruption, “A stripper-”
Really? Did you see him? When? Where? And NOW you are telling me?” Charlie slaps Dean’s arm lightly and earning a scowl from him.
“Head buried in work, you know. You?” Cas asks, folding his arms on the table and leaning a little forward.
“We… kissed.”
“What is it?” Claire asks, eyes sparkling eagerly.
“I did it to get to the detention just because
“Oooh, are you texting your new boyfriend?” Charlie teases, peaking a glance over Dean’s shoulder. Dean almost jumps out of his seat at the voice of his friend. He turns off his phone and stuffs it back into his pocket, turning to frown at his friend, “He’s not my
Donna smirks, laughing a little and shifts her attention to Claire, “Don’t you look gorgeous, Claire.”
Cas says a quiet hello and smiles, shaking Charlie and Benny’s hands one by one. Dean can see the glimmer of mischief and a chaotic plan already forming in Charlie’s mind while Benny stays quiet, looking at Cas with his usual intense look.
“No. That’s all...Oh wait, are you guys coming for the barbecue party for the Fourth of July?”
Dean almost chokes on his breath.
Cas bits his lip, smiling a bit.
“And what’s that?”
“Tell us how he was? Did he get into fights a lot? Lee told me he was a gentleman. I refuse to believe him. But, you on the other hand…”
Castiel rolled his eyes, “Only heart and there’s no ‘almost broken shoulder category in medical. There’s-”
Dean nods, “We are having fun but we miss you though. Are you coming home soon?” Dean freezes when he realizes he mentioned ‘home’ again.
“I do,” Dean replied, looking straight ahead while holding the hands of his would-be-soon-husband loosely with his two hands. He could feel the warmth radiating from Castiel’s hands.
“Yeah, why?”
“Yeah, I- uh- I wasn’t sure if it was still your favorite but anyways, how are you?” Dean starts. Dean mentally pats his own back for choosing one of the tables near the window since watching the world outside through the glass window brings him a different sense of calm in him.
“How’s Claire?” Dean’s question makes him turn up his head to look at the man he’s trying to
Cas snorts at his friend’s panicked expression.
walks in. Castiel knows, logically, hating someone who did something wrong
A pair of hands stop his failing attempt to operate on the door and pull the Jaws of life away. He almost snarls at the person- Charlie, he dazedly recognizes- because he has to save Cas. He
Dean goes to work and tries his best to not look as terrified and anxious as he feels inside. As the minutes on the clock tick by, Dean feels his anxiety engulf him. Charlie notices it and tries to cheer him up by showing him blooper videos of Harry Potter movies but he’s too distracted. Eventually, Charlie gives up by saying “your bi angst is killing my vibe” and returns to her abandoned paperwork.
Cas’s exasperated voice causes Dean to glance up, immediately getting lost in the familiar blues.
“Let’s go now or else we’re gonna be late.” Cas takes his daughter’s hand and walks out the door.
Sam sighs, walking up to his flustered brother, “Listen, Dean, I understand why you’re freaking out. But you’re both adults now. You’ll have to either face this shit head-on or move on like the
“Man, this highway is like a death trap. Way too many accidents to be natural. Should we call an exorcist and check if there’s something unnatural haunting it?” Dean mumbles, checking the first aid box kept in front of him, making sure everything is in order.
“Didn’t know you started smoking.”
“We kissed.”
“Doctor advised him to take rest and not resume work. But he tried to threaten him as ‘a senior doctor who has more power’”- he used air quotes-,” I had to apologize to the doctor and almost drag Castiel out of the cabin,” Dean explained.
Having a caring mother must be really awesome,
Dean’s heart flutters as he hears Cas’s voice in his head. He quickly types a reply.
. For some
“What? Oh...um I’m okay. Just trying to find a comfortable position,” Castiel said, looking away as Dean proceeded to wipe off sweat from his face and neck as he walked to the closet. A few seconds later, he reappeared with clothes in his hands.
bang.
“-if anything happens I know. Calm down, Claire is safe here.” Dean interrupts.
Baby stops outside the huge building and Dean peeks out the window to look at the entrance of the party, where people are moving about, some are entering through the large decorated double door while others are lingering and talking to each other. He turns to face the passenger seat where Donna is sitting, smiling widely and looking gorgeous in a grey color strapless evening gown. Her honey-blonde hair is twisted in some kind of complicated updo with some strands loose on either side of her face which is makeup-free except the eyeliner and a nude lip gloss.
Cas!” Dean protests, scowling, ignoring the
“That’s amazing. Congrats. When’s the photoshoot?”
Novak this time around.” Cas sighs as if all his instincts are telling him not to trust Dean again. “Thank you,” Cas mutters. The song ends, and before Cas can pull away, Dean shoots his shot. He already has Cas within arm’s reach, he can’t mess it up again. So, he leans in and pulls Cas into a tight hug, draping his arms around the man. He can feel Cas getting stiff under his arms but he doesn’t let go. “I’m so sorry for everything.”
Trust Balthazar to stop the conversation abruptly. Cas huffs, knowing Balthazar deliberately sent the annoyingly contracted words just to irritate him. He rolls his eyes and patiently waits in the line for his order.
Claire giggles, now completely invested, “Okay! How about Chinese takeaway?”
for telling me this is a children’s party when, in the first place,
“For coming to Claire’s party. And the gift. She was really happy.” Cas remembers the smile on Claire’s face when she was standing with Dean and Sam.
“Magnificent,” Balthazar drags Cas towards his seat inside the booth and flops beside him., “Aw, say something, Cassie. Aren’t you pleased to see me?” His voice cooes as he flicks Castiel’s nose, making him scrunch it and swat away Balthazar’s hand. Then Cas smiles, which gets bigger slowly, “Of course, Balthazar. I just- I didn’t expect to see you today.” Cas says, his shoulders relaxing as if he can feel all his nerves drift away as Balthazar laughs taking the drink from Sam’s hands. Dean’s hands clench on his side as he moves to sit back on his seat beside Lee.
Donna shakes her head and fixes the loose strands of hair on her head, “You can’t back out now, Dean-o. Now be a gentleman and open the door for me, okay?”
Dean nods, remaining quiet. Sam sighs, patting his brother’s back before falling into the couch. Dean closes his eyes.
He answers the call without checking the caller ID.
Dean’s mind races.
“You are so...so
“Can I see him? Please? I won’t go near the bed. Just, please. Let me be there.” Dean pleads, not being able to tolerate standing idle in the hallway while Cas struggles with his life.
Few minutes in, Donna notices a couple of her acquaintances and moves away to talk with them while Dean takes a glass of champagne and moves to a corner, alone, feeling very out of place. Standing beside a marble pillar, he takes a small sip from the glass, making a face at the fuzzy taste of the champagne.
A while later, he hears the doorbell ring. With jerky motion, he walks to the door and twists the doorknob, opening it. Cas is standing outside of his loft, wearing a stretchy black T-shirt and a pair of grey sweatpants.
“I’m sorry Captain. There’s a young girl stuck inside, we need to get her out. Over,” Dean says, eyes firmly resting on Benny who nods in agreement.
“Woah, okay, everyone, stop!” Donna orders. Charlie holds her breath as her delicate fingers fumble to stop the bleeding. She glances at Sarah, who exhales and nods in response. They were okay.
Dean’s smile falls a little at the mention of Cas, “How’s your father, Claire? Cas, right?”
Dean doesn’t wanna hope for. Because it will somehow end up with him getting hurt.
Sam seems to sense his hesitation.
When Cas reached Dean and Claire, his daughter jumped into his arms, almost making him fall backward, the handle of his travel bag falling away from his hand. The sad feeling from before left him as easily as it had come. He wrapped his arms around Claire and breathed in her familiar soft smell. Kissing her head, Cas looked all over her, checking if she was all okay or not.
“I do?” Dean asks cluelessly, narrowing his eyes as if he was trying to read his friend’s mind.
Dean thinks  just as he sees someone approaching him from the corner of his eyes as he tries to concentrate on the paperwork scattered in front of him on the table.
“How can a voice sound like hon- you know what? Nevermind. Anyways, How are you? And how’s the shop?”
a princess, dad! She’s a warrior princess, she’s awesome!” Cas couldn’t argue with that logic and his heart swelled with pride for his daughter.
“Hello, Michael.”
“Okay. Don’t need to be so defensive. Jeez.  I gotta go now.”
“Did she know about us? Like, you know, us bei-” Cas interrupts Dean before he can finish the sentence.
got Cas back, after years of going around in circles and overthinking every small thing, and he didn’t want to lose Cas a second time around.
“I wasn’t sure if you would show up,” Dean says nervously.
Heart threatening to jump out of his throat, Dean dashes to the car past everyone, almost tripping over the yellow tape. He reaches the car and peeks inside it through the window on the driver’s side. Bile rises up to his mouth as he sees Cas slumped against the car seat, a nasty looking cut on the side of his forehead, drying blood on the side of his face while some have dripped down onto his chin and the collar of his grey shirt, staining it with dark red color. His eyes are closed and his skin is too pale to be normal.
“He seemed
“We moved here in mid-August, just in time for Claire to start a new class without falling behind the other kids,” Cas explains, looking through the window as if he is in deep thought. Cas’s eyes are a mesmerizing shade of blue as the natural light falls on him and baths him in a golden hue. Dean looks away before Cas can realize how hard he’s staring at him. Trying to make small talks, Dean asks Cas about his job, and in turn, Cas asks about his workplace and colleagues.
“Come on, let’s check up on Claire,” Cas says after he’s finished his drink, trying to shake off his nerves that come with just being in Dean’s close vicinity. They leave the glasses on a tray, and Dean follows Cas. As they approach, Claire’s head snaps up, an enthusiastic smile spreading across her face.
“Dean!” She jumps off her chair, rushing towards Dean who bends down to Claire’s height. As the little girl wraps her arms around Dean, Cas snatches his phone off his daughter’s hand, saying a quick thank you to Gabriel and hanging up, knowing very well his brother has already heard Claire calling Dean’s name out- Cas decides he would deal with Gabe’s wrath later about this. Dean slowly rubs Claire’s back before wrapping her small body with his arms, hugging her tight.
“Pff… don’t be ridiculous, Sammy. You saw how he was so shocked after kissing me. As if he regretted every second of it.” Dean huffs a humorless laugh and rubs the bridge of his nose.
“Yes.”
This time Cas rolls his eyes humorously, “God, you’re annoying. But seriously, promise me you won’t hurt
no one knew about it. They were good at pretending to be a happy couple,” Sam says, grimacing.
“It is!! Oh, dad? Can we invite him over for dinner tomorrow?” Claire asks, “It’s been a week since Halloween, I miss him too, dad.”
Claire’s eyes sparkle, “Really? My dad bought it for me last year!” Claire says, smiling down at her purple glittery jacket.
Dean falls silent on the phone for a moment, his breathing filling up the silence, and then says, “Sure, I gotta get back to all this goddamn paperwork anyway. It’s gonna drive me insane one day, I’m telling ya. Anyways, it was good to hear your voice, Cas.”
“You wanna talk? I’m all ears,” Dean offers, watching the way Cas lowers his hands and he now clearly sees the dark circles under his eyes after tiring sleepless nights.
Dean swears, covering the man with his body as more rubble fall over, “Fucking hell, Cas, come on.” The man with the blue eyes turns to look at his face, finally recognizing the voice calling his name. Examining his face, Dean realizes Cas is severely bruised and struggling to breathe despite wearing the mask. Dean pulls Cas away from the fire and away from the crumbling wall. He doesn’t take off the coat Cas is wearing in case it helps protect him from the flames, but he removes his dark blue tie and unbuttons the top two buttons of his white shirt which helps Cas breathe a bit easier. Dean hooks an arm around Cas's torso, pulling him along the hallway while dodging the sudden outbursts of fire and everything that's falling apart around them.
Castiel returns home and everything seems fine. Dean and Cas are fine... for now. However, a tragic event can make you spiral out of control but it can also bring people together.
Dean manages to keep his thoughts at bay for most of the day. Charlie and Sarah get bored halfway through the day and decide to pull a harmless prank on Garth. They squeeze some lemon into Garth’s cup of milk. The poor lad didn’t know what hit him until the milk touched his lips, and Charlie and Sarah simultaneously collapsed to the ground in tears with giggles. Dean shakes his head as the scene unfolds but he can’t help smiling a little bit.
Claire nods, staring at the colorful bead bracelet around her wrist, “He’s supposed to be leaving the hospital tonight. He’s fine now, all thanks to you.”
Cas smiles lightly, glancing down, “Thank you, Dean.” He says humbly. Dean catches Charlie’s eyes as she slides past the crowds of kids playing around with toys.
Cas frowns, “Dean, I appreciate that but you really don’t have to. I’m sure I can find someone in two days…”
“Huh... so why don’t you just ask him?” Charlie suggests. It sounds so simple and straightforward coming from her lips so Dean does just that without thinking too little too much. Castiel immediately replies with a plain old
Dean has one hell of a day. His team goes on a call about a man about to jump off a bridge. Donna approaches the man carefully, trying to talk him down from the bridge. But the team isn't idle. They blew up one of those large plastic landing pads right below the bridge, stopping cars on the road and causing a shit ton of traffic to save this one life. Dean watches anxious as his captain desperately tries to reach out to the man. Charlie rubs her hand on Dean’s back gently, as she stands by his side. Even the passersby on the road become invested in this mission. Everyone watches nervously as the man slowly backs away and falls into Donna’s arms crying and weeping. Dean finally exhales, heart still pounding in his chest.
Cas yanks his arm away, avoiding Dean’s pleading eyes, “I
“Uh- my brother, Michael, wanted me to come to this to represent the company.” Cas sure doesn’t look thrilled about it, if his dry tone and the rigid shoulders are any indications.
“I’m sorry to hear that. I didn’t know that they had problems.”
He quickly replies,
Cas nods slowly, following Dean to the drinks stand. Dean pours two cups of blueberry juice.
And another flashback from two POVs.
Dean slowly turns his head to his left side to see Cas, in his office suit and tie, gazing back baffled and confused.
gonna get
Anyway, here's the next chapter I hope y'all like it. kudos and comments make my day and these days i need positivity more than anything. <3
Dean notices him staring and, instead of saying anything or looking away, he returns his stare. The silence feels like a rubber band on the verge of snapping. The air between them is too thick. Too chaotic. Cas feels paralyzed. His heart is saying something but it's beating sound is too loud for him to listen to it. He hopes Dean is the first one to look away, to break off whatever that’s happening between them right now. Dean-
Dean tries to convey how uncomfortable and angry he is at Charlie by glaring at her, however, Charlie seems to tipsy to even understand it. She just winks in return before looking back at Cas with too much excitement. Meanwhile, Cas looks like a deer in the headlights.
“You know why.”
“Yeah, yeah, of hearts and shit, not almost broken shoulder.”
“Uh...I’m...gonna...yeah.” Stammering out the words, Cas rushes past Sam, who looks like he swallowed a lemon, and down the stairs, disappearing from Dean’s sight.
(It's only one paragraph and is not important to the plot so you can skip it if you want)
Claire smiles weakly, “Thanks, Dean.” She hugs Dean burying her face in his shoulders.
“Gotcha,” Dean replies, rolling his eyes since it’s not the first time he’s handing out candies to the kids, earning a low chuckle from his friend. He’s placing the bowls in an organized manner when the crowds of kids and parents rush in one by one, all in various wild costumes and impressive makeup, through the garage doors which have been opened fully for the evening. Dean sees Charlie- a very adorable Charlie in her Willy Wonka costume- making small talk with one of the parents from the school, moving her white gloves clad hands in wild gestures and smiling wide which seems too wide to be a not-so-forced smile. She sends him one of those “help me” looks that Dean just smirks at. Dean tugs on the jacket of his Han Solo costume, pulling the fake gun out of his holster.
They enter Claire’s bedroom and look around. Cas had hired interior designers to decorate the bedrooms before moving in which made Claire’s bedroom something out of a fairytale. The wallpaper glimmers a soft calming light purple. There’s a little pearl white and golden chandelier hanging from the ceiling in the middle of the room. Claire’s bed, following the purple theme, has dark purple sheets and sea-themed cushions and pillows- one is a starfish pillow and the other a seahorse. The bed is close to the window which has a dark purple curtain and looks out onto their small yet cozy garden. On the other side of the room, is a beautiful white side-table. There are still some boxes remaining untouched in a corner that Cas has kept earlier in the morning. Cas unpacks and Claire grabs her dark blue lamp placing it on the small table along with some other fun toys and gadgets. Claire helps by clasping some storybooks from the box and placing them on the surface of the table. Claire, of course, has her own desk where they arrange to hold her school books and a never-ending array of stationery (Claire is a bit of a collector much to Cas’s chagrin). They decorate the walls with hand-drawn artworks from both Claire and Cas himself. The second box has all of Claire’s clothes: dresses, shirts, jeans, hats, winter clothing, and the incredible variety of shoes that never cease to amuse Cas. He arranges her clothes in the closet just like how Claire likes- in color-coded sections.
“Next? What happened next was Castiel, being the sexy grumpy man that he is, he refused with a single “no” and since I know when to take a no for an answer-” Castiel snorts, “-I accepted it. So instead, I convinced him to get a drink with me just as friends and not as ‘fuck buddies’.”
“Can you pack mine too? I am not allowed to move my shoulder too much right now.” As if Dean had forgotten about the doctor's instructions.
“What’s gotten into you? Are you high or something?” She asks, narrowing her eyes.
“I remember,” Cas mutters. But that’s not all he remembers. He remembers how Dean slow danced with him in the moonlight somewhat ten years ago. He remembers Dean’s gentle touches and kisses. And how his eyes shone with happiness and excitement. He remembers Dean pulling them into the backseat of the Impala. He remembers everything, every touch, every caress, every whisper of forever, every declaration of love against his skin.
Don’t be a jealous insecure bitch,
“We can’t do this again,” Cas says as if it will explain everything.
“How are you even here?” Dean grumbles in return, “And why?”
“Shut up. It just
Having Cas close to himself while walking to the parking lot is a difficult thing because his hands itch to hold his hand or maybe touch his back, but he’s pretty much sure Cas wouldn’t appreciate the touch so he can’t just bring himself up to do it. Dean fists his hands on his side tightly enough to feel his nails digging in his pams as they stop near the Baby.
Michael says, sighing.
The next morning, the little Novak and Dean prepare breakfast together before school. Dean flips the omelet and Claire puts the bread in the toaster with Dean’s help, after that, Dean prepares the baked beans and bacon and orange juice for Claire. They have a good breakfast together before Claire has to go to school. Dean enjoys having Claire to himself. She’s smart, responsible, but she’s snarky, sassy and fun to be around. Dean notices more and more of Cas’s traits embedded into Claire’s personality but she is a wonderful person of her own.
His brain questions.
“Come on, we got work to do,” Donna says, abandoning her kitchen work, to Dean who’s already moving towards the stairs.
“So, your dad’s gone, what do you wanna do?” Dean grins at her mischievously.
Dean climbs up the stairs once more, now yelling, “Hey!! Is anyone there?” He rummages through the thick layer of smoke and fire, pushing away broken and burning slabs of walls in the hallway- or what used to be a hallway.
“I know, Claire bear,” Cas whispered back, smoothing down her ponytail with one hand.
The week passes slowly for Cas. He spends most of his time in bed. To pass time, he ordered a few novels online. But reading for a long time gives him a headache. So he chose to watch documentaries about nature which made him long to go out without worrying about his injuries. When Dean comes to visit him one day, he whines about not able to pass time. Dean just snorts in response and the next thing he knows, they are playing Scrambles. Not just Scrambles, they play monopoly and Uno too. Apparently, Dean knows how Cas can get whiny so he already put the board games in his car before visiting Cas. For hours they play and bicker and enjoy each other’s company, none of them bringing out the fact that they still haven’t talked about the kiss or their argument.
Deans stops himself before his drunken mind can jump to any awful conclusion. Nevertheless, Dean’s unable to rip his eyes away when the singing begins. Cas has never been much of a singer (unlike Dean) but his voice is still velvet soft and sweet like honey, gently strumming on Dean’s heartstrings. Balthazar grins as the music picks up the pace, grabbing Cas’s hand, drunkenly. He twists Cas around, laughing. Cas, tipsy and unfocused, almost trips. Almost. Dean places a foot on the ground, ready to rush to his aid when he realizes Balthazar draping his hand around Cas’s waist.
“Stop being all pessimistic. Did he tell you he regretted it? No. So, stop overthinking.” Sam chastises.
Cas raises his eyebrows and nods, “That’s…good, I guess. I- uh- I’m here to get her a gift for her birthday. Michael and Gabe already sent their gifts. So I thought I should do it as soon as possible.”
Cas’s jaw clenches as he stares at the blonde man who comes closer and stands beside Mr.  Kell. Not wanting the two people standing with him to witness whatever that’s gonna happen, Cas excuses himself and stays silent as Lauren, and Mr. Kell walks away after shaking his hand respectively.
Dean wondered if the vacation was a good idea or not. Surely, he could get leave from work since he hadn’t taken any leave except for a week after his mother had died.
that you are.”
Charlie stares at them, “What did you boys say?”
“When I said everything, I meant
“My whole job is to save people. What good am I if I can’t even save my best friend?” Dean asks, not paying heed to what Cas just said.
Dean looks up sighing, “No, actually. It’s uh- it’s actually mine. It’s a family ring. Needed a bit of repairing after years of wearing it.” Dean grins.
Cas knows it doesn’t involve clothes. He grimaces and greets his friend goodbye, ending the call.
“She’s your daughter, of course, you’re worried, I understand. But Claire’s a great kid, you know, she’s a lot stronger than you give her credit for. She’s adapting and I think she really likes it here,” Dean says gently. He can’t help but feel sorry for Cas. Having to be a single parent wasn’t easy. Having to move states and start over wasn’t easy either. Suddenly, Cas stands straight and turns around. Dean is about to ask if something’s wrong when he sees Cas put a pair of AirPods in his ears, “Excuse me, I gotta take this call.” Dean nods and goes to sit on a loveseat pushed against the wall beside the door. He watches Cas as he starts talking in a low voice. Leaving Cas at his own devices, Dean takes the chance to look around the room.
Claire is so struck by the beauty of the picture, she almost doesn’t hear the footsteps inching closer. Panicking, she hurries out the room, trying to make as little noise as possible but the creaky wooden panels on the floor betray her. Claire quickly returns to her room and jumps on the bed. Snatching a pencil, she starts to doodle on a page, when Cas peeks inside her room smiling.
“He? Who- oh.
Donna shakes his hand, “Ah, don’t worry about it! It was all Dean, honestly. Dean’s one of our best, you know.”
starting to get in Cas’s good books after the crap I pulled earlier and I don’t want you to go and ruin that. So
“No, I- I forgot- he-'' Dean stutters, his brain still processing how Cas’s heart almost stopped beating forever. Once Cas had told him how it only beat for him. Then they ended. But now he’s back and Dean desperately wants him around him. He wants Cas to be in his life. Doesn’t matter what they are. Friends or lovers. He wants to take whatever he gets as long as Cas is around. So he prays. He prays in his mind. He prays with his heart, his soul. He pleads to Cas to get better.
"A nail."
Dean clearly knows what Claire means by that. Cas losing his wife and having to take care of his daughter alone doesn’t sit well with Dean and something pulls from the inside him just by thinking about the fact that all these years he’s thought how Cas might have lived a great life when, in reality, he’d been busy with his little daughter.
Castiel stumbles over his words, “What- when- what are you- how are you-
“Obviously.”
“Cas.” Dean breathes and before Cas can understand what’s happened, Dean has both of his arms wrapped around Cas’s neck tightly and his head buried at the crook of Cas’s neck. Cas folds his arms around Dean’s back, pulling him close enough to feel his heartbeat against his chest and let Dean’s scent fill his nose. Moments pass but Dean doesn’t move nor does Cas. Eventually, Cas shifts forward without breaking the hug and pulls Dean inside the loft. Closing the door with his feet, Cas half carries half drags Dean to the couch.
“So he’s back, huh?”
Dean nods once, rushing to grab the large jaws that looked like massive crocodile clips, to be honest. They use the Jaws of Life to break open both doors. Sarah informs the man he is stable and relatively unharmed. But the girl…
The man nods slowly, watching Dean as he turns around to rush back to the scene. Just as Dean moves past a line of vehicles standing still, he could have sworn he saw a flash of very familiar blue eyes at the corner of his eyes. Dean shakes his head,
Dean inwardly frowned, not knowing what Michael was talking about. Castiel seemed to understand what his brother was implying so he just shook his head and leaned against the backrest of the chair, “No.”
Eventually, Cas hugs back, albeit he’s still a bit tense, he buries his nose on his neck, taking in Dean’s scent and warmth. It’s been too long since they were this close. Dean breaks the hug, pursing his lips together. He waits for Cas to collect himself before walking in the direction they came in only to realize that Donna and Claire had been watching them the whole time.
Cas bits his lips again, tonguing the cracks on his chapped bottom lip, “Uh- Yeah. Sorry, I didn’t mean to disturb you-”
with every beat
“Sure. Just make sure you complete your tasks first.” Donna says, turning to him with a smile.
“I don’t know. I just- I just need you right now,” Dean says slowly, his voice a rough whisper, “Can you stay for a bit?”
Dean quietly ponders on this for a second and then goes, “Okay here’s a crazy idea. What if I look after Claire while you’re gone? She can stay in my loft, I’ll take her to school and pick her up on time. She can even join me to the station when I’m free.”
Charlie sighs, “Fine. I won’t interfere. But lord help me, do something or I will lock you both in a closet together.” Dean narrows his eyes at her, trying to look threatening but he well knows how it’s ineffective on Charlie.
Dean looks back at Cas and frowns, “Wait, you brought your daughter to this event? Is it even age-appropriate?” Dean whips his head around, glancing back at Claire.
Suddenly, Dean feels frustrated, “What the hell is that supposed to mean?” His voice is cold and rough and Dean knows he’s letting his rage get the better of him but he can’t stop it now.
"- And I seem to find the happiness I seek when we're out together dancing, cheek to cheek," Cas says in a normal monotonous voice, just like he used to when he was a 'warrior of the Lord who wasn't on earth to perch on Dean's shoulder'."
Cas smiles, “You too, Dean.”
“You know, a friend of mine said the same thing about me not enjoying my life enough,” Cas tells Michael, recalling what Charlie said at the Halloween party.
cannot.
It’s his fault they went inside that death trap. Dean should have known better. He fucked up and now Benny... Benny who always made Dean laugh and always has his back... died. He fucking
Love can save the day sometimes...
“I love it! Thank you, Dean!!” Claire squeals, pulling Dean from his stupor and hugging him again. The high pitched squealing grabs Cas’s attention. He turns to see Sam and Dean and walks over to them a little awkwardly.
“Oh my god, Dean,” Cas places a hand over his mouth, the reality of what just happened to smack him at full force. He can’t get out now since there are some important clients he has to meet so he leaves a string of texts asking Dean if he’s alright and informing that he’s there if he wanna talk.
A moment later one of the nurses opens the door and Dean steps aside to let her out.
“Heya Cas,” Dean says, checking out Cas up and down. Cas pretends not to notice.
Cas breathes,
“It hurts a little, but I’m fine,” Claire says.
“No,” Cas replies shortly instead of agreeing with Dean.
Enjoy this chapter and let us know how you feel about it in the comments.
“I’ll try but she’s a fierce one, Cas,” Dean smirks, watching Claire frown as she tries to clean up after herself.
“That’s very cute,” Cas admits, heart warmed. He enters the house, Claire trailing behind him, the card grasped tightly in her fist. They enter their home, removing their dirtied shoes at the entrance.
Dean knows Sam is probably busy with his job hunt yet he decides to call him because seeing Ca- seeing
Dean wants to scream, “You didn’t see his face in the bar. You didn’t see how fucking
“I can do it. You are not the doctor here,” Castiel almost whined. Almost being the keyword because he hated being vulnerable.
responsibility. You saved him, after all,” A small smile plays on Cas’s lips.
“Dad, so you know my birthday’s coming up,” Claire says, at a slow pace as if she wants Cas not to miss a single word.
Cas yanks his hand away, “Don’t be crass. I shouldn’t have done it, okay? Just forget about it.”
Michael’s low laughter fills the speaker of the phone.
3. Since the finale didn't go as we all wanted it to be, I wrote a fix it oneshot, so if anyone wants to read it go to https://archiveofourown.org/works/27655034
“This looks corny as hell. But sure why not even though it’s good to know Benny was your first choice instead of this handsome hunk,” He grins, pointing at himself, which earns an eye roll from his friend, before grabbing his jacket and following Charlie out the station and to her red car which is parked beside his Baby. Dean slides into the car and eases on the passenger seat as Charlie starts the engine with a grin thrown at his direction.
“I’d brought you some snacks since you have a graveyard shift tonight too. But it’s not in good shape anymore I guess.” He peeled inside the bag and shook his head.
Dean jumps out of his seat and hurries to her.
Claire gasps, “What? But it’s your bed!”
“Really? That’s so amazing. Now, let’s go home. We can talk about what other new things you did on the road.” Cas opens the front passenger door and places Claire on the seat and puts the seatbelt on. After securing himself on the driver seat, Cas pulls out of the parking lot and navigates the car towards the direction of their new home, while Claire chatters about everything she did and talked about in her new class.
Feeling oddly pleased over the fact the compliment is coming from Dean, Cas smiles a bit, taking off the cigarette from his mouth to exhale the smoke through his teeth, watching as the smoke catches the air and somersaults away, and shakes the ash from the butt of it using a finger.
“Happy birthday, Claire,” Sam replies beaming.
“Careful, now,” Donna says. They pull the seat out, successfully, with the girl alive and breathing. Dean helps lift the seat, maneuvering her over to the ambulance. Everyone pitches in to help and when the job is done, Dean is ready to pass out from exhaustion.
“Dean!” She squeals, bouncing on her tiptoes.
Dean looks at him for a moment before replying.
"No, I - I had a chance at a normal life. I had a job opportunity. I even had a dog. But I realized how empty my life was even though it had my brother and a pet. I realized how I had to convince myself to get up from bed so that I can move on. I realized it doesn't matter how much normalcy I have in my life if I don't have you in it. It doesn't matter at all."
There's a reason behind every action...
This was a mess
“No. But as far as I know, you had a night shift and as always around this time you turn on the silent mode of your phone and sleep like it’s your job. So, what happened?”
This is a very long chapter so grab a coffee and enjoy!! We know our updating schedule has been slow and a bit all over the place but we're doing our best. Thank you for all your support and we love reading your comments! <3
When he brings Claire to the kitchen, she sees Balthazar and smiles widely.
“Oh...uh it’s tomorrow.”
“We need to talk.” The intensity of his voice makes Dean internally squirm.
Introduction of the married couple
Keeping it direct, short, and simple, Cas hits the send button.
“It’s a coincidence, sweetheart.” Cas corrects her. “She is still learning some big words,” Cas tells Dean and Sam, without looking away from his daughter.
“There’s so
“Nah, it’s okay. No one except our family...well
“Claire is back,” Cas says with a big smile as he rushes, albeit a bit slower than usual since he doesn’t want his head to explode with a headache, to the door.
Dean sighs, leaning against the counter, “Cas, come on. I can’t just… forget about it. I meant what I said. I want to do it right this time around.”
“Castiel always puts his work first, so if he hears any problem related to the hospital, he’ll rush here even before you can say the word problem. So I hope you try to keep him away from work on your trip. And don’t let anyone from the hospital interrupt you. He needs to be away from a while, you know, for relaxation.”
“It’s okay. The store closes at 7 pm so you can come anytime you want.”
Cas thinks smiling softly which turns bitter as he remembers that he can’t stay either. Standing beside the coffee table, he removes his tie first and places the card down on the table, deciding to get refreshed before thinking about what his daughter said. Cas walks up to his room, stripping down and entering the bathroom to take a very long hot shower. He rubs away his worries and anxieties and focuses on the positive things in life. Speaking to Charlie during Halloween made Cas feel so much better, knowing that Dean’s intentions for his daughter are purely good. Maybe he should give this a try. Even if he and Dean can’t patch things up exactly, Claire has already gotten so attached to Dean, it would be cruel to pull her away from him now. Cas steps out of the shower, drying himself with his towel and pulls on his T-shirt and sweatpants.
“Fine. Okay, you win. But he’s
“Of course I-” Dean stops as he sees Claire, “Hi Claire! How’s my favorite Novak? Oh, don’t you look beautiful!” Dean picks Claire up in one swift movement, smiling widely. Cas quickly puts away the pudding and returns to find Dean, kneeling and laughing with Claire. Dean glances up as Cas walks back in.
“You okay, Cas?” Dean questions, frowning.
Dean wills himself not to blush and manages to keep a straight face-
“Balthy!” Claire shrieks.
Gabe: dont need 2 sound so ominous i'll b there, browaski.
‘Doom’s Day’- as Dean calls the day of Sam’s celebration- rolls around. Dean glances at his phone, staring at the date and time. It’s today. Sam’s celebration is today. He’s going to see Cas again today. Dean closes his eyes and silently prays he doesn’t fuck this up more than he already has. But a voice inside him tells him praying won’t do shit now. Not anymore.
Michael chastises
The news reporter reports about two firefighters remaining in the building. He sees a shot of Donna looking incredibly distressed. It takes a few painful minutes before he sees Dean sprint out of the building with a small girl and the building collapses behind him. He waits for the other firefighter to follow suit but he doesn't. So when Dean falls to his knees, Cas falls on the couch. He understands what he's witnessing through the screen of the TV.
“Oh my god,” Charlie whispers from behind him.
“Okay, maybe you have a point.”
With a glance towards Cas, Dean picks it up and answers the call.
Right now he’s staring at the shelf of spices, thinking which ones to buy when a hand touches on his shoulder. Startled, Cas whips around to see Sam Winchester standing there with a half-filled shopping cart.
“And B. I wasn’t the anomaly. Cas is known to reject people left and right.”
Suddenly, Dean stops moving. Then with a soft sigh, Dean moves to walk to the front door.
"I know you. I know you from the tip of a single hair on your head to the very fragment of your toenail. I know your soul, your heart, and your mind."
“What? Uh yeah. You go to sleep. I’ll use the washroom before coming.”
"Yeah, yeah. Whatever, angel." Cas snorts and fusses with the baking tray.
“Friends, we have been invited here today to share with Dean Michael Winchester and Castiel James Novak a very important moment in their lives. In the years they have been together, their love and understanding of each other have grown and matured, and now they have decided to live their lives together as husband and husband.” Father Christopher, standing in front of the altar, wearing a black robe with a silver cross pendant hanging around his neck by a silver chain, declared loudly. Then he proceeded to the vow ceremony of the marriage.
“Tell me what happened?”
Dean’s eyes light up, his insides calming with relief, as he rushes into the room, not hearing the doctor ask Sam, “What did you say his relationship was to the patient?” and Sam’s low reply of “They’re close.”
He’s already on the last step of the stairs when he sees Cas in the black suit he was wearing for work this morning.
At the end of the day, when the party is almost over, Dean decides to relieve himself before leaving, so he goes inside the house, in search of a washroom. He’s about to look around for Cas in the kitchen to ask for directions when he hears a voice, which makes him stop in a midstep.
“Claire thought it’d be 'cool' to put glitter on her plate to match it with the party theme.” Cas answers his unasked question, using air quotes for ‘cool’. Dean can’t help but snicker, “Well, that explains why your hand looks like a unicorn vomited on it.”
“I’m-” The man coughs violently, “I’m fine, but my girlfriend-” he coughs again as Sarah pulls open the driver’s door, rushing to check on him. Charlie leans over the girl in the passenger’s seat. Her eyes meet Dean’s as they both share a moment of
“Drive home safe, Dean,” Cas replies softly.
The aftermath of the truth...
Dean thinks as they speak. Dean can see a small spark of Cas’s personality shining through Claire’s azure eyes and it breaks his heart all over again.
to be a professional and help the others to safely rescue Cas because otherwise, he’ll never be able to look at himself in the mirror. Resisting the urge to pull Cas into his arms, Dean mumbles, “I’ll be professional.” Then he pulls out a knife from the rescue kit to cut the seatbelt. Then he lets Charlie and Garth put a neck brace around Cas’s neck, almost yelling at them when Cas’s head tilts to the side a little bit. Charlie seems to understand since she winces a bit and murmurs a sorry, to whom- Cas or Dean?- he doesn’t know.
“Yes, you. Because I trust you.”
Cas bits his lips anxiously, pressing the call button. His heart is beating so fast he’s afraid it’s gonna jump off his chest.
Cas nods but he was more worried about Claire, “Do you know where’s my daughter? She was there at the site.”
“Not a prick. Just a lad who doesn’t wanna get laid even when people keep throwing themselves at you… I wonder why.” Dean’s doubt about if Balthazar knows about him and Cas clears the moment he notices him giving him a meaningful look. Dean looks down at the drink on his hand, not sure whether to be happy that he isn’t the only one who’s not getting it up or to be worried about what this could mean.
“What? Me?”
Gabe sighs loudly. “Okay, Cassie. Bye. And hug the munchkin extra tight on my behalf.”
“Yeah, so you can do it right this time around,” Claire says like it's the most simple thing in the world, smiling big unaware of the heavy tension in the room.
“Tell me about me.” Dean murmurs.
(See the end of the chapter for
“She is fine. Enjoying her classes.”
“You okay?” His husband’s voice made Cas pop up his head from his pillow. Dean was standing at the foot of the bed, wearing a sweat-drenched grey-colored muscle tee that showed off his defined biceps and a pair of black sweatpants that hung low on his hip. A blue towel was slung across his neck. The first time Castiel had seen his husband like that, he almost tripped over his own feet. Seemed like taking a break from work was making Castiel Dean in a way he didn’t see in over a year.
He grabs his black worn-outLed Zeppelin T-shirt and blue-and-black checkered flannel shirt along with his black jeans, which looks a bit fresher than the others, out of his closet and takes off his towel. Hurriedly, he wears the outfit and runs a hand over his slightly wet hair, hoping it’s enough to make it look a bit tame. Spraying cologne on his neck and armpits and wearing his grandfather’s ring, Dean decides he’s ready. Or as ready as he’ll be. Mentally giving himself a pep talk about how he will
When he picks up Claire from the school, his shit low mood is improved in a heartbeat. Claire smiles brightly, skipping up to Dean’s car and jumping inside through the already opened door.
Cas smiles at the mention of his daughter, “She’s good. She’s doing well in school, made some new friends, and she’s asking about you.”
“Dean!” He looks up to see Sam hurrying to him at a fast pace. His face is full of concern.
Sam bites his lips, “He was just being all drunk and flirty, you know. But Cas- Cas was-”
Meanwhile, Dean kneels next to the little girl and takes the box out of his jacket pocket and hands it to her.
Dean laughs again, eyes crinkling as he did. He hands Claire some Kitkat bars and Snickers and a small red fire engine toy as a souvenir, noticing Cas smiling in the corner of his eyes as Claire takes the things with enthusiasm and instantly starts unwrapping one of the chocolates.
Feeling annoyed and frustrated, Dean walks over to the plastic chairs lined up against the wall. He slides down on the char and leans against the wall, its coldness a sharp sting on his sweaty back. But right now, all he can think about Cas and how he’s inside the room, all vulnerable.
a voice inside his head warns Dean, which he ignores for the sake of his heart.
The door opens revealing Dean, who’s wearing a brown soft-looking hoodie and black sweatpants. His eyes are bloodshot with their usual glint missing and his skin looks a bit pale. This hair is frantic and unbrushed, Cas notices.
“You betcha,” Dean replies with a grin, knowing damn well how Donna gets annoyed when he makes fun of her Minnesota accent. Sure enough, she rolls her eyes and starts to clean a big knife. After a moment, the sirens and red alert lights start going off.
“Balthazar?” He calls out, climbing down the stairs, grimacing at his own louder than a whisper voice which triggers his headache to remind him it's still there.
Dean would wake up early, and make sure Claire wakes up to get her ready for bed as Cas sleeps peacefully. Dean makes breakfast for Claire, leaving some covered with a plate for Cas, and leaves a note. Dean drives Claire to school, dropping her off, before driving himself to work.
A face from the past and a flashback.
“Deal but I’m not sure since I got too much work,” Cas says, eyes straying to the place where Dean and Claire are dumping all the leftover candies in a big plastic bag. Dean is holding the bag open while Claire picks fistful of candies from the table and shoves them into the bag, giggling. Dean smiles big, showing his white teeth, his face lighting up like the sky on the Fourth of July.
“Cas, why-” He struggles to speak, the words sticking to the back of his throat.
“Then tell him that.”
“Yeah, yeah, sure. Here?” Dean asks nervously.
“That’s great. I can help you with it if you want.”
Claire gasps excitedly, “Woah! Yes and that means you’re matching with me too!” Claire chirps, pointing at her own dress. “We’re like a big family!”
“It’s okay. I’ll...I’ll do something.” Sam’s voice breaks Dean out of his thoughts. He nods mutely and starts pacing back and forth, with his hands on his hips while Sam walks away with his phone in his hand.
“Novak… Where have I heard that name before... ” Charlie hums, tapping her finger in her chin, until it clicks in her head, “Wait! Cas! That was Cas’s kid? Oh my god, Dean, she’s so cute!!”
He’s halfway through eating the taco Sam made for him when there’s a knock on the door. Getting up from his breakfast, Sam walks to the door and opens it to a shyly smiling Castiel in a black suit. Dean almost chokes on his taco.
Dean gazes at Sam as if someone slapped him, “What?”
Dean pauses staring at his text.
Cas sighs, turning around, “Dean, I have to go.”
“If you consider him a friend, then I suppose it’s alright,” Cas sighs, giving his daughter a smile which probably looks like a grimace but Claire doesn’t seem to notice it as she grins, exposing her teeth and scoots backward a bit to get comfortable in her seat.
“Dean, what is it?” Sam asks nonchalantly, as he places the beers in the fridge.
Cas lowers his head, trying to concentrate on making the batter for waffles, “He does… I mean he did. He did. He helped a few times. But things changed...again.”
“Phew. What a night.” Donna says, massaging her forehead.
Turning on the radio inside the Impala, Dean starts driving, letting the low rumble of the engine and the sonorous sound of the intro of
“I’ll always be one,” Castiel sniffed which turned into a wince as his muscles underneath the navy blue t-shirt tensed at the dull pain on his shoulder joint
“Hey, Claire. You’re definitely one strong girl for standing up to those boys like that,” Charlie grins, putting out her fist, which Claire bumps with her own little fist. “Thanks!”
Dean spends most days at Castiel’s. At this point, Dean has been around so much so that Cas offers him the guest room which Dean really appreciates because the couch is really bad news for his back.
“Take care of yourself. And don’t worry, you’ll do great at the photoshoot.” Cas says, hugging his friend tightly. Balthazar lets go of him with a friendly slap on his back.
“I checked the email you sent me. About charity. Why should I get a plus one? Is it really necessary? I mean, the charity is for the public safety division, it’s not like anyone would notice why a businessman is there all alone.” Cas asks.
Sam ends the call before Dean can tell him not to call him that. Dean keeps the phone on the side table beside his bed and looks around. He doesn’t even remember how he’d drove back to his home.
Cas thoughts bitterly.
Sighing, he walked soundlessly to the washroom and closed the door behind him.
“Maybe this is a sign? You know, for you to get closure,” Sam suggests after a moment of silence.
Claire nods, her small frame leaning further into Dean’s chest, “I know. But it still hurts. But I’m glad my dad has you. I’m glad
smacks his head. Almost being the keyword.
and Dean didn’t do shit to save him.
“The ring.” Cas juts his chin towards the little black box in his hands and Dean glances down.
“Help!!” The girl screams back.
“What took you so long?” Charlie asks with a small smile playing on her lips.
Dean flops down on the couch, holding onto the hem of Cas’s T-shirt with a death grip. Cas sits down beside him and turns his face towards him with a gentle touch on his chin.
“Maybe. Anyways I gotta go, it’s nice to hear your voice, Sam,” Dean says turning back
almost falls from his mouth but he stops at the last moment, not wanting push too far.
the points. I’m your fucking North Star guiding you through life, Dean. Text him and for the love of God, keep me updated!” She grabs her bag from the large canopy table, throwing a peace sign as she leaves, “Sayonara bitches!”
He’s been at the bar for fifteen minutes, talking with Sam about mundane things- Sam randomly mentions how Dean has graveyard shift at the station tonight which is why he arranged the meetup in the evening- when fucking
Dean sighs, “It’s got nothing to do with Cas, alright? I just like Claire. She’s cool, fun, kind, very talented for her age, and brave too.”
“Just visiting for now. Might move once I get a job here.”
Dean’s shoulders sink as his face falls, “I’m glad you’re here.” Cas nods with a quick jerky movement, returning to his drink. The moment Cas sees Lee’s shoulder bumps Dean’s shoulder playfully and lays a hand on his arm which earns him a small smile from Dean, he drops his eyes and clenches his fists under the table.
In one corner of the room, stands a tall bookshelf filled with books and files, which seems like all related to business. There’s a big window that is opened, allowing sunlight and a light breeze to flow into the room. And on its opposite wall, various sized picture frames are hanging. Dean glances at Cas who is busy over the call and looks a bit frustrated with whoever is on the other side of the call. Not wanting to disturb him, Dean gets up and silently walks to the pictures. One of the frames shows the Novak family- Michael, looking a bit older than Dean remembers him to be in his black tuxedo, standing beside a dark-haired woman wearing a red gown while Gabe and Cas are standing on her other side, both wearing outfits similar to Michael. Even Claire is there but she’s much younger than she’s now, probably three or four years old. Dean notices Cas's father isn’t in the photo. Dean turns to the next one which shows only Cas who’s wearing a black graduation gown and cap with a rolled-up certificate on his hand. He’s smiling but his eyes are missing their usual glint which was always present back in high school. Dean sees Cas’s reflection on the glass surface of the photo frame. Conversating on the phone, Cas is facing sideways but his face is turned towards Dean and his eyes are on his back and when he notices Dean is watching his reflection, the blue eyes lock onto the green ones as if they’re naturally magnetised to one another. A beat of silence later, Cas looks away with a frown and goes to the other side of his desk, rummaging through the pile of files and picking up a red leather file folder. Dean spins around and fiddles with the ring on his finger, twisting it clockwise then anticlockwise as Cas opens the file folder and eyes the things kept inside it.
Just like the title says, this chapter is one of the two parts of the ch 19. We wanted to post the whole chapter, but it's too long. Hence, two parts. We hope you enjoy it as much as we enjoyed writing it. Kudos and comments are much appreciated ;)
A secret, a confession, and two broken hearts
That is part when Cas’s cutlery drops to the plate with a loud cling. Dean goes perfectly still, fully aware that Cas is watching him.
“Thanks for the offer, Cas. I’ll think about it.” Sam smiles politely while Dean’s heart warms a bit because, even though they aren’t as close as they were before, Cas still manages to think about Sam.
“You sound like I’m a prick or something,” Cas retorts, an amused look playing on his face.
After a few minutes, Dean spots a familiar face, at the entrance of the garage. A well built scruffy looking man with dark black hair and a black jacket to match his fiery personality.
Dean huffs, “Oh come on, I’m not that bad, am I?” He stops himself, quickly realizing that the answer to that question is a very bold yes because after all,
Sighing, he managed to close his eyes and relax a bit, shoving the painful memories away from his mind. The sound of a door opening and closing echoed through the room after a while but Castiel didn’t open his eyes, not wanting to move away from the dark beneath the lid of his eyes. He heard his husband walking around, the clink of metal, which was more likely to be the buckle of a belt, telling him Dean was getting dressed for work.
Cas watches as the camera shows a few familiar faces from the 136 team. The captain- Donna, his mind recalls-  is yelling “LFD! Make room” at the crowd of the bystanders gathered near the burning building while ushering the fire team into the building. Cas sees Dean on TV, in full protective gear, rushing into the fire along with two other firemen. Cas feels his heart race at the thought of Dean putting himself in danger yet again.
The next day, Claire enrolls in her new school. Wanting to make sure Claire is in safe hands, Cas checks the school premise and talks with the teachers and before he leaves, he finds Claire to say goodbye. Leaving Claire in school, Cas heads back home. He still has a few days before starting work, so he decides to take advantage of the free days to rest up and unpack everything, especially all the paintings away which he keeps hidden from his daughter’s eyes. He chooses the room at the end of the hallway on the second floor as his painting room. He keeps the paintings stashed away in that room and makes a mental note to buy an extra lock for the door because he doesn’t want any prying eyes on the things inside the room. Realizing he needs to buy more food, Cas makes a grocery list. Since working for hours made him all sweaty and smelly, Cas takes a long warm shower and gets dressed in a white button-down and blue jeans. Locking the front door after pocketing the list, his wallet, sunglasses, and phone, Cas gets inside his black Audi. He notices a fire engine passing by his home just as he’s about to start the car, so he waits till the vehicle is gone before he starts the engine.
