Hael smiled as she stood. “You never did like the formal dining room,” she told him with a chuckle, moving towards the door, Anna following just behind.
Dean was still chuckling to himself across the room and Castiel shook his head, trying not to smile; he could still remember the horrified look on the other man’s face the first day of their second college semester, when they’d transferred into a dorm together and Dean saw him attempting to leave for his morning English seminar in a pair of khakis and a button-down shirt.
“Yes, simply marvelous to see you again, darling,” she added in a haughty voice. She held the silence for a beat before glancing at the redhead, and the two of them burst into a fit of girlish giggles.
“I am your husband, Dean,” Castiel warned, a humorous glint in his eyes in spite of his deadpan delivery. “I may just start picking your wardrobe… like I did last night.”
Castiel breathed a sigh of relief. “Good, you noticed it too,” he said, smiling gently at the corners of his mouth. “I was afraid you’d think I was some sort of spoiled trust fund kid, being mean to the help.”
Dean offered his hand to Michael in greeting and was surprised when his handshake was accepted and then quickly pulled into a hug. A few inches shorter than Castiel and a good degree lankier, the resemblance between the men was still strong enough to be easily recognizable, and both seemed to embrace with the full breadth of their being; Dean assumed it must be a family trait.
“I hardly think we were in danger of being eaten by bears. Besides, how fast-”
“Yes, through Catholic Charities,” Castiel explained, propping himself up on one elbow as he spoke. “They try to keep multiple siblings together, so if a mother comes back with another pregnancy, they will try to place the infant with their sibling. Of course, my parents would never turn down another child, so the family grew as it did, even as we went broke for all the fees and donations the Church required to facilitate the adoptions.”
“What? What is it?” Jo whispered, noting that there was more going on in front of her than she realized.
Dean cleared his throat and rolled onto his back, arching gently against the bed to work out a touch of stiffness.
Dean suddenly seemed very sober. “Oh,” he said lamely, quickly downing the rest of his beer. “Oh,” was all he managed to say again.
Dean turned on his side to face Castiel, surprised.
He didn’t realize he was staring until he heard the metallic sound of Dean’s zipper. Castiel took a surprised step backwards and flushed, quickly averting his view as Dean’s battered jeans hit the carpeted floor, exposing a backside clad in navy blue boxer-briefs.
“I would have liked that too,” Castiel agreed, smiling softly to himself. “I believe they would have liked you very much, Dean. They spoke so highly of you as it was, just having heard about you from me. They were very glad I’d made such a good friend.”
Dean barked out a laugh, loud and long, and it set off Castiel, who was soon collapsed against the back wall of the sleeper berth, clutching at his stomach even as he was wracked with chuckles that had first grown deeper and deeper until he lost voice completely, silently shaking even as tears of laughter slipped down his cheeks. Dean was laughing just as hard, face gone beet red with it, taking great snorting breaths of air through his nose as he tried to calm himself.
“Honestly,” Hael agreed with a roll of her bright blue eyes. “We always sort of figured you two were bangin’, we just thought we might, you know, actually get invited to the wedding!”
As if on cue at the touch, Castiel’s butterflies kicked back into high gear, and he sighed. It was going to be a very, very long night.
Dean felt far more comfortable delving into the manual labor side of things, and remarked as much to Castiel as they lugged wood and kindling from a large woodpile in a shed behind the beach house towards was looked to be a disused fire pit on the beach, wide enough for a large fire and surrounded by a ring of flat stones. Sand had covered over much of it, remnant of the autumn storms on the beach, but there were still traces of old ash and black silt beneath the layers of fresh sand as they brushed them away.
“Will you join us, Raphael?” he asked, keeping his tone even and friendly.
Castiel propped himself up on his elbows and turned to look at Dean, genuinely surprised.
“Dean, you’re the first person I really got to know after leaving home,” Castiel said honestly. “You have been my constant friend, from the very beginning, kind and faithful to me in a way no one ever had been before. I… I don’t… there’s never been anyone in my life quite like you, and, for that, I am forever grateful. Whatever lies ahead, good or bad, I know that I will always have you there, to face it with me.” He paused, encouraged by the small smile playing on Dean’s lips, and continued on with Jo’s vows. ““I promise to be a patient, always honest and compassionate. I will be your best friend, always putting you first above my own needs, today and always.”
Castiel sighed. “It said I need to get married or I can’t inherit,” he explained.
“Go on, go on,” Frank replied, turning back towards his office.
Sam could hear them now and arched an eyebrow. “What?” he asked in a hushed tone.
“I know,” Castiel told her seriously, nodding. “It means a lot that you’d even consider it, though. Thank you, Jo.” He had known better than to proffer the idea, all the same; Sam’s jealousy notwithstanding, he hadn’t let Jo down all that easy when she had made her move, flinching out of an attempted kiss with a mildly horrified expression that had brought her to great embarrassment. There was no use in dredging all of that up, not even for an inheritance that would make him set for life.
Jo rolled her eyes. “Somebody hasn’t seen much reality television,” she told him, shaking her head. “But that’s not even what I mean. Cas, it doesn’t say anywhere here that you gotta have a wife!”
“How can you tell?” he muttered, more to himself than Castiel.
He felt that now, body tingling and leaving him breathless.
“Lucifer,” Dean filled in, and Castiel snorted.
“Hey, don’t worry about it,” she replied. “Not like we’ll have a chance to throw another one of this shindigs, right?”
Hael sighed a little and shook head head. “Hey Dean, is this gargantuan brother of yours anything like you? Cos if he is, you need to give me his number.”
Castiel, for all of his reservations about the whole charade, still turned pink with a pleased blush. “I hope so,” he agreed softly. “I really hope so.”
The next day, Castiel gave Dean the grand tour of Holly House. The tourist season would be kicking into high gear in a month or so and the house would be open for visitors, so Crowley and his staff had already taken the large showpieces of furniture out of storage and restored many of the rooms that were typically kept shuttered to their original state. With some quick mental math, Dean had realized that with the artwork alone, they had breezed through galleries worth at least a few million -- and that wasn’t even taking into account the furnishings. By the time they made it for the outdoor portion of the tour, his feet were aching in his boots, and he complained as much.
“There you go,” Dean agreed, and Castiel felt him reach across the bed in the darkness and pat him on the shoulder. “It’ll be okay. Just try not to overthink it now.”
“Calcium chloride,” Castiel whispered, and Dean let out an audible snort, still trying to keep from completely busting a gut.
“We have you staying in the Blue Room, sir,” Crowley went on, and snapped his fingers at a pair of men standing nearby that Dean hadn’t even noticed. They too wore suits, but of a cheaper design; Crowley’s was clearly tailored, his black dress shirt and tie setting him apart from the others. The others came forward quickly, spiriting away the luggage that had been piled at Dean and Castiel’s feet.
I will show you fear in a handful of dust.
Cost-benefit analysis.
“I’m happy for you,” Eileen said. “It’s been a long time coming.”
“He’s gonna hold out hope,” said Dean. “And you know there’s nothing left to wait for.”
Dean was the last person who could talk about death being final, but it wasn’t something he could promise someone else. It wasn’t something he’d asked for himself. His numerous resurrections had been on account of divine puppeteering; not for his own sake, but for the purpose of vicious entertainment.
“Not always,” said Young Dean. “I’ve changed a few things, I guess. I’m trying not to talk about it, it’s not relevant to you guys, but I try to keep us in one place longer when I can. So that you can go to school.”
“I want Sam to go to school,” said Young Dean. “And I want to save people. And I also want to work on cars and not make my living with credit card scams. I want those angel dickbags to rot,” he said this pointedly towards the ceiling, for whatever it was worth. “And demons too. I like it in Bisbee, for now. I gotta take you out to Tombstone, one day, you’d love it.” That was to say, Young Dean would love it and Past-Cas would tolerate it on his behalf.
Young Dean looked up from his painting when Dean reentered the living room. There was a question in his eyes, but he didn’t ask. Maybe he figured he didn’t need to. The kid was so certain that this egg-fix would be the answer to everything, that it would herald the end of suffering. Dean didn’t know about that. This new world would still be full of landmines and pitfalls. Foresight would only take him so far when every small decision might radically alter the world. Even this love he had for Cas, this thing he was so certain of, would find new ways to snarl and tangle over life’s inevitable complications. There’d be fights and misunderstandings: they were too good at those to avoid them entirely.
playing at 9:40 tonight.
He hitched from the bus stop in town to the end of Bobby’s road. The long bus ride and now this plodding walk through a misty November evening left him too much time to think, too much time dwelling in that sense of loss. It seemed odd to call it nostalgia, stranger still to call it anything like homesickness. Even if it settled in his chest and stomach with the same kind of impalpable yearning. It didn’t feel normal to crave the future this badly, to crave a life he’d never been meant to witness.
Eli looked at him with wide eyes, looking scared for all that he could not be hurt any longer.
Fucking
Three days. Dean lay back against the ground and covered his eyes with his hands.
“Teen-Dean,” warned Dean through gritted teeth.
“Honestly, I don’t know that for sure,” said Sam. “We were still pretty new. It’s like we never got the chance to find out.” He exhaled a short breath, shaking his head. He looked like he was trying to keep himself from dipping too deep into emotion, like now wasn’t the time for it. It wasn’t a skill Young Dean thought Sam would ever master.
“Oh don’t take it like that, now,” said Young Dean. “For one, I don’t like you any less. For another, I get so confused when there’s two of you. But you’re the original Cas, to me.”
“And you?” said Dean.
“But do you think he feels that way?” Dean asked. “I mean, think about it. Some stranger turns up in his life, says, ‘We need you for a job in the future. Come with me. You won’t remember it and have literally nothing to gain.’ And we put him at risk because there’s no way to do it without him, just to shed him like an old coat when he’s not useful anymore.”
Bobby opened the door, looking him over. “Well, better come inside,” he said.
God, he used to be cool about stuff like this. It used to be: a flirtatious kiss, follow up with some smooth line, keep up an aloof and untouchable air. It had kept his heart suitably safe, suitably disengaged. Now here he was all laid up, cut open and delirious, unable to stop himself from grinning. But then, as he told Young Dean, it was different when it counted.
Past-Cas shook his head. “I wouldn’t have wanted you to,” he said. He turned his face towards the water again, pointing out, the wind catching in his hair and in his billowy shirt. “Do you truly look out and sense none of that now?” he asked. He asked with the curiosity of a scientist. Outside Young Dean’s head, he couldn’t borrow feelings and untangle the strange cocktail of emotions.
“That would be telling,” said Past-Cas.
The obvious reason for the overnight change sat beside him, a little too rigid for the couch, too used to standing guard. “Hey, Past-Cas,” said Sam. “Glad you’re back. Dean gave me the rundown before we got here.”
“This is absurd,” said Cas, getting out from under his blankets to stand, to cross between the two Deans.
“Oh, a very good year,” said the first.
They had Past-Cas’ powers on their side again, which would be helpful when they knew where to go, but it felt like they were starting from square one. They laid maps of the Sierra Nevada mountains out on the island in the kitchen, trying to track down reports of abandoned mines or underground tunnels that the Arimaspians might favour. Seeing the Santa Lucia compound gave them a better idea of what to look out for, but it was still a significant stretch of land to cover.
’ today.”
“Sexual relations,” Cas specified, dead level.
Jack looked up at him again. He tilted his head in that damn familiar way. It was almost more than Dean could stand, but he owed an explanation to that genuine lack of understanding in Jack’s eyes. “What do you mean?” Jack said.
These thoughts were no good, sure to offend an angel who had yet to fall. Neither would he let himself consider whether this was a betrayal. He could not think about the potential consequences of his actions. He had righteous, honourable reasons even if they were veiled in deceit. Between him and a powered-up Cas, one professedly much more powerful at this moment than he would be in the future, they would find Sam and save the day.
“Rory Sinclair was a pastor who did a lot of religious study and travel all through the States. He collected stories about angels and saints and the ways people across America actually prayed to them or invoked them outside the sort of accepted tradition. I’d have thought he was a hunter if I hadn’t seen his journal. He doesn’t ever see anything supernatural, and I read pretty much everything.
Dean came back into earshot, bidding a brusque goodbye over the phone, then ending the call. “Claire finally reached Jody on her cell,” he said. “So I called her up and she says she’s out in Carmel with no idea how she got there. Staying with some hunter who found her knocked-out in Yosemite. Kooky little place warded to the gills against demons, angels, spirits, anything you could name.”
“It’s not witchcraft if we’re not witches,” said Dean, stubbornly committed to this point. “Witches are the worst.”
“You mean Cas?”
“You ever get tired of us?”
“I’m well aware,” said Cas. “I’ve never expected different.”
“Quite a few by your reckoning, perhaps,” said Castiel.
But Future Dean, dorky face and all, he looked happy and whole. Dean wanted to know if it was true. If that picture only captured a rare moment, or if he actually got to have that life. It surprised him to think he made it to forty-one not all that messed up.
“No,” he said. “I love you.”
“This licence expired in 2001,” said Roger, turning his discontented face towards Dean now.
“Of course I did. Big surprise, he didn’t care. Said we’ll just be moving in a month anyway.” A note of dejection seeped through Sam’s voice over the line. Dean was powerless against it.
“I did warn you about those,” said Young Dean.
“We think he’s out there,” said Jack. “But we don’t know what’s happening to him. If he’s okay, or… He’s the one leading us to our hunts lately. We’re trying to figure out if they have something to do with him. I can… I have a special connection to him. I can feel when he’s here on Earth. I felt him here in Crestwood the night of the party, but then he disappeared again. When we turned up, we found this case. It’s been like that everywhere.”
“This is you?”
The only difference was, now he’d go through life knowing it.
Dean emerged from around the corner of the house, spotting Jody sitting across from another woman, the pair of them dappled by the sun.
“Too generous. As always.”
“Where am I taking us?” Past-Cas asked.
“You better be,” said Sam.
“Well I wish you luck growing anything in that soil,” she said.
“It’s crazy how far ahead you are,” said Dean. “Think about it, Cas.” He gave a nod at his past self. “In this version of things, I’m not even due to meet you for another eight years. That’s a long wait.”
“Dean,” Bobby said, rubbing sleepily at his face. Dean never told him of his plan to leave, his plan to invite Cas down to Earth and into the future. Bobby could have no idea of all that Dean had been through. “What the hell are you doing out here?”
“After all this Carl Jung crap, I have a hard time believing the subconscious makes anything clearer,” said Young Dean.
Holden gave Sam a hand to stand up, patting his shoulder. “You should’ve seen this guy when the demons showed up,” he told the others. “He held his own in that fight.”
Cas helped Young Dean get to his feet. Young Dean leaned against him once he was standing, but then figured out his balance. He looked at the sword in its scabbard, then drew it part of the way out.
and my only wish is that I could annotate spotify playlists with my commentary for each song
Cas angled his head curiously to one side, eyes gently narrowing. “Who are you?” he asked.
Dean should’ve known it. Should’ve realised what he was setting Cas up to say. Every action between them spoke it, and had for years, but suddenly it had been given words and couldn’t be unsaid. He couldn’t speak or look away.
“It’s a Mazda 323 GTX. They only sold them here in ‘88 and ‘89.  He got it for
“Technically Cas saved all our asses,” said Sam. “But sorry, that was… Wrong Dean.”
They each entered their neighbouring motel rooms. They each took the bed closest to the door, in order to be the one in the way of whatever danger might come through.
Dean leaned his arm on Jody’s chair. “Somebody needs to take Teen-Dean for a walk,” he said. “He’s going to burst.”
He didn’t know how long he just sat by him, watching Past-Cas with that forlorn look on his face. Dean eventually came back in, two fresh beers in hand. He offered one to Young Dean.
“I didn’t realise that’s what it would mean,” said Young Dean. The fight disappeared from his words at once, leaving his voice suddenly hollow. “You and Cas, though…”
“Pay off the bill before Dad gets back, he’ll be none the wiser. There’s…” Dean hesitated. He didn’t want to raise questions. He didn’t want Sam to touch dirty money. But if John was in a mood, like Sam said, then they couldn’t risk waiting around for Dean to arrive.
Dean looked down at the illuminated buttons of the jukebox as Led Zeppelin’s “Ramble On” wound to a close. His thumb flicked at the peeling label of his beer, and he calculated once more the odds of getting a game of pool in before the night was over. If he could get someone to bet a little higher, he’d only have to win one. He reached up to the pocket of his shirt, wanting to double-check how much he had to play with.
He pulled himself up onto the horse in a now-familiar motion, clicking his tongue to give her the go-ahead. The easy rock of her walking pace made it easier to think, sinking him into a kind of meditative state he’d never admit was good for him aloud. It opened up his mind so that he could walk the cat back and work out how he got here.
“Humour me,” said Dean.
“We’ll have to find a way to make me corporeal,” said Cas. “Without borrowing someone else.”
Keeping his hands and cooing with watery, warbling voices, they walked him towards the surf. He followed like a somnambulist.
“Do I want to know what you’re summoning her for?” Wallis asked.
“Kid,” said Dean. Jack abruptly turned from the door and went down the steps back toward the car without another word.
“Hm?”
Young Dean placed the cologne back exactly where it had been. Because he knew Dean didn’t like his things messed with. He kept talking, because Dean wasn’t doing anything to fill the silence. “Sammy’s gotten good at fighting, man, y’know?” He looked over at Dean, and it was an olive branch, really. They could agree on Sammy. “I can’t believe he grew up and— He kicked my ass in there.”
It had been a long time since Dean debriefed Sam on a hunt like that, excited about something new, excited in his own sense of accomplishment. Sam put on a faint smile, bittersweet. Hunting was their life and always had been, and some hunts were awful and some were invigorating, but lately the stakes had been so high there wasn’t time to feel good about what went right. Young Dean didn’t know that yet.
“I remember you staying with me,” said Past-Cas. He did not look away or blush while Young Dean took off his jeans. If Young Dean thought about it too long, he might have smiled at the prelapsarian character of it.
“Anything else noticeable about him?” asked Jack. “What did he look like?”
Castiel turned his head sharply to squint out at the water in a poor attempt at concealing the way his lips quirked in a smile, guilty in his sense of personal vanity or pride. Dean suspected that Cas had never been anyone’s best anything before.
“Yeah,” said Dean. He tipped his head back against the chair, looking at the ceiling without seeing anything. A humourless smile touched his mouth. “Oh yeah. It was bad.” He dragged his tongue along his bottom teeth. Memories seen and heard all over again.
Sam surveyed the avalanche’s path with a pained expression, looking for any sign from the snow of what to do next. He had nothing. “Teen-Dean has to be okay,” he concluded at last. “I mean, you’re still here, right? If anything happened to you that changed the timeline, we’d see that. So Teen-Dean’s still out there.”
“Why not? What if I could do it better?”
No, he shouldn’t say it anyway. It wasn’t even mushy: Angel Eyes was the bad guy and Cas hadn’t liked that, so it was better not to. Better not to think about Cas’ clear blue eyes, the curious and expectant look they’d taken on. Better not to think of casting Cas as any man in any Western movie.
Dean sometimes looked at him and thought he’d gained nothing with his new world venture, given that he’d lost Cas out the gate. In some ways, his life seemed tougher, although maybe Dean’s sense of his own past had been muted by time and the fact that his only choice had been to survive it. But Lanie was right about something. Young Dean had priorities that Dean couldn’t have conceived of at that age, and that counted for a hell of a lot.
“Ask all the questions you like, boy,” said the Fisher King. He stalked forward, leaning heavily onto one leg, lowering the shotgun as he moved towards his bound and unarmed captives. “I was once a searcher too. You want to know the secret of the Grail? It didn’t ever exist. Nothing but a cosmic punchline.”
Bright daylight filled the garret room. No one else stirred in the house. In fact, they had all gone. Only one set of footsteps creaked up the stairs.
Dean wanted to be cool about it, but as he laughed it off the corners of his eyes crinkled with too much genuine sincerity.
Past-Cas wordlessly offered Young Dean a hand up from the floor. They swayed close with the action as Young Dean got to his feet. For a brief moment, Dean caught something between them. The mutually bowed heads, the darting looks, the half-bashful smile on Young Dean’s face that he rapidly sought to train away.
“Thank you,” Cas said in a very serious tone.
“Damn. What would demons want with a griffin egg?”
“I could—” Cas started to say.
“Careful, this is
“How did you get out of that?” Sam asked. “I’ve never seen anything like it.” The avalanche had been so sudden, so powerful. They’d seen twisters spiral across the flat lands of Kansas, been caught driving through the rainbands of a hurricane in South Carolina, but to watch part of a mountain fall away was something else. “You’ve barely got a scratch.”
“What else do we need to know?” Cas asked.
“It wasn’t locked,” said Past-Cas. He wore that slightly aggravated look, the one he adopted when a hypothesis didn’t work out. The future gave him many opportunities for this.
“Do you?”
“I wondered, sometimes.”
“How do we get them out of his control, then?” said Sam.
“You think you and Sam have the monopoly on doing the big, dumb, brave thing?”
Past-Cas finally looked away from the pale buds of a flowering manzanita. “Hello, Dean,” he said. It wasn’t what you’d call a welcome with open arms, but Young Dean had the impression that he probably led a lot of the way, when Castiel first arrived in their lives. He sat on the ground cross-legged, facing Past-Cas.
“Is that your dad?” Rachel asked, a touch breathless.
“I’ll show you sorry—”
“Oh,” said Past-Cas. “You need to sleep. Humans require sleep to execute basic functions and maintain psychological coherence. I am keeping you from this. You should have said.”
“Do you think Elijah is evil?” said Jack.
He’d never asked about Bobby, in the future. He assumed Bobby was doing the same thing as ever in 2020—a little antisocial, a little drunk, but an expert you could always go to. Hell, the others probably phoned him up for ideas before they resorted to collecting Dean from 1998. Still, he should’ve asked while he was there, maybe even called. It would have been a nice tether, to hear Bobby’s voice in the future.
“So am I,” said Young Dean. “Sure you can’t leave something there?”
“Yeah, pretty much, actually,” said Sam. “He keeps souvenirs? I think that’s what the German works out to, anyway. I guess that would be those soul-trees you saw. It’s got this messed up way of thinking of its victims as becoming part of his family. His sons and daughters. He tells his victims that they’ll be princes and princesses, that the children will play together all night, that—”
“Our fantasy section is upstairs—”
“Hey,” said Dean.
“Yeah,” said Dean.
“We don’t know,” Young Dean said uneasily, still unsure of the close timing between this adventure and Lawry’s death.
distant future.
This. This must be what Dean had tried to say. That angels don’t feel at all, therefore a romance with Cas is an impossibility. The thought that Dean might have been right about something was endlessly frustrating to Young Dean.
Dean came out through the warm rain, hunching up uselessly against it at first, until it inevitably soaked him through.
The Fisher King raised the shotgun, and Young Dean made it only just in time. His left hand wrapped around the warm double-barrel, moved just enough from Eileen that the charge burst open another of the pots next to her. His hand burned for it.
“Why won’t you just believe me when I say I’m fine?” said Young Dean.
“I’ve cursed before this, you know,” said Cas.
“I care because we never win,” said Dean.
It was the first time Young Dean felt the angel being less than direct with him. He’d interrupted too soon, at too critical a moment. Falling into step like he’d done this dance before.
“And I knew that,” said Young Dean. “But with the griffin…” He lost his words for a moment. He looked up at the popcorn ceiling. He couldn’t look at the expectant faces around him. “You said I was pure enough. And what if I was, but I’m not anymore?”
“It was broken,” Cas said.
» ch. 5 title ref: “It’s All Over Now, Baby Blue” by Bob Dylan, but because I’m a soft touch for anything psychedelic/garage/proto-punk I'm digging The Chocolate Watchband cover specifically
“Holden Yeung. Me and you go way back.” He flashed a wink, then cast a glance over at Young Dean. “Couldn’t have given me a heads-up about this?” he said.
Dean accepted this warily, as if he might have a different assessment for himself, but he didn't argue it outright. He looked back over at Young Dean. “The boy isn’t all pure heroics,” he said, returning to the earlier topic. “Isn’t that right? You got anything to share with the class? About, say, a Grail?”
“I’ve never seen you scared like this,” said Cas. “Of… of nothing. There’s nothing out there. Is this a prank?”
“You know that makes it sound like I’m going to die, right?” said Sam.
Cas took her former place in front of Dean, spun his blade into his hand again, and drove the knife through the neck of the demon behind Dean holding him in restraint.
“Shame we don’t have Past-Cas here to just zap us to the Coast,” said Dean.
“Figure that’s what he meant by a ‘tough start’?” Sam asked.
“Sorry to hear it,” said Eli. “Death sucks.”
“Holden, you have brothers,” said Young Dean.
“I’m fine,” said Sam. “I’m okay.” He looked around the room at the bodies of the former demons. “Is he gonna come back?” He looked at Young Dean. “Is he going to come after you?”
“Saving your energy, old man?” he spat out. “Can’t you get it up any more?”
“Yeah, man, same,” said Dean. “Here’s what I figure we do. I’ll go in alone first—”
“Hunters,” said Lanie. She took her phone from her back pocket, searching through contacts to start tapping out a message.
It wasn’t a bad plan, but he regretted the suggestion almost immediately. Past-Cas, looking all of twenty and still in his half-fastened button-up and jeans, shook the lapels of the tan trench coat to straighten the way it fell on him. His face, so young and severe, reminded Dean all too much of the first time he laid eyes on Cas and that was very… confusing.
“Yes?” said Cas.
Cas crossed to his side. Young Dean shared one final look with his older self, giving a nod of his head. Cas touched his temple and they disappeared.
“Where’d you learn to sign anyway?” Dean asked. Young Dean was far better than Dean was, although Dean had admittedly let himself fall out of practice the past few months. He wasn’t anyone’s model of an exemplary late-life learner.
, and
“You—” said Dean. “Alright.”
Young Dean thought he’d be ready for it, hungry to be told of being loved. At first it seemed novel and hopeful and comforting. But it was also a harrowing ache. It was beyond what he could process. His brain was mostly just static, so he let himself slump to the ground, stretching out to lie and looking up blankly at the stars.
“You can tell Cas,” Young Dean said, voice thinner, worn. “I don’t mind if he knows.”
go after Sam and Jody, and your brother is very skilled. He more than likely has a perfectly reasonable explanation for being out of touch, and even if it doesn’t, believe me when I say we’ve fought through worse. You don’t need to worry about him.”
“The gas station sandwiches are gross. The bread always gets soggy. Because of the tomatoes. Which are always falling apart. And the—”
He came downstairs rubbing sleep from his eyes. He took in a deep breath, passing by an open window on the staircase. Outside, the wind was gradually picking up, brushing through the tops of the trees. It moved East-to-West, towards the sea. Warm and dry, ratcheting the temperature up by a few degrees even at this early hour of the day. There was something about the way the wind blew downward through the window, depressing his senses, that made him feel out of sorts. Or perhaps it was only the strange night he’d passed that felt increasingly like a dream.
“There’s more than that,” said Eliza. “There’s something I learned, as I searched for a way to build my own vessel. Your world may be different, but there is no God here.”
“Wait,” said Dean. “Wait. I’ve got a counter-offer.”
“I haven’t been dream-praying to you, have I?” he said.
“Do you still pray to him anyway?” Sam asked. It wasn’t the question Dean expected.
“What, you ragging on me?” said Dean.
“I won’t call it a crime if you halve the jalapeno, just don’t cut it out entirely.”
“How’d you know the answer to that last riddle?” Sam asked. “About the middle of the world.”
“That’s how I know I’m not making this up,” said Young Dean. “I’m not this sappy.”
“No, I’m....” Cas sighed deeply. “The friend who told me to find you here is you. You in the future said that I would be able to find you in the past and take you to our time to deal with a monster problem. A sort of… specialized monster problem.”
“You were on the run for a while too,” said Claire. “Got your first tattoo and everything. I think when you were human?”
Young Dean stumbled with the push, and inevitably retaliated with a more forceful, playful shove. “You could stand to feel a little sorry for me.”
“You even care what happens to him?” Young Dean asked. “Cause it doesn’t sound like it.”
Cas shook his head. “Not that,” he said. “Not quite.” He looked down at his own hands, studying them as if he might find a clearer explanation there. God, those hands. Dean swallowed hard and looked away. “At the risk of being too candid with a stranger, it surprises me, too. But I’m learning that when it comes to you, there’s little use in reaching after fact and reason.”
The teacher-librarian, Ms. Odobo, had given them Scott Kinbote’s name as someone who had gone to school with Eli and was still around town, now the guidance counsellor at Crestwood. Dean doubted they’d get much further at this point, but he’d already done the work of tracking down Scott’s address and didn’t want it to go to waste. “Reporters, again,” said Dean as they left the car parked by the sidewalk. “Let’s stick with that.”
“You gave him sixty-eight dollars,” said Dean. “And he put it in his pocket.” He placed a hand over his chest, the same shirt-pocket that Young Dean used. “And he gets back to Schaffer’s bar that night and he doesn’t know any time passed at all, but he’s got sixty-eight dollars he didn’t have before and doesn’t even know where it came from. And it was you.”
Cas heaved a sigh and went to the vehicle. He neatly ripped the tags off a new pair of winter gloves that Dean had bought in town that day and put them on. He adjusted the lay of the leather at his wrists and said, with a fondly scathing tone, “Satisfied?”
Dean’s eyes followed Cas and his younger self up the stairs and out of the bunker. This time around, he didn’t look at Young Dean with anything like self-hatred. The past visits had been fraught, almost unbearable at the beginning, but it felt good to have Young Dean back with them again. It might even be fun to have him stick around, if he had the time. Get Past-Cas from the other side of the portal and have the whole gang together again. It sounded alright, to Dean.
“She’s something,” Dean said, eyes lingering on the screen door before turning back to Lanie. “How’d you two meet, anyway? Was she a case?”
“You’re like a Victorian dude who just saw somebody’s ankle,” said Young Dean.
“I was supposed to set a good example.”
“No,” said Cas. “Not quite.” He looked down at his arms, at his body. “You’ve given me a comprehensible form, though I don’t know what attachment you might have to this figure. A friend? Father?”
“I only came to help Sam,” he said. That, at least, remained.
“Consciousness isn’t a journey upward, but a journey inward. Not a pyramid, but a maze.”
Past-Cas tightened his hand around the angel blade, waiting for an opening to strike. “I don’t need a second chance,” he said. “Or to be talked to about blasphemy by a scheming traitor like you.”
my warning,” Eliza said, stern for the first time. “If it passes the two minute mark, cancel the summoning immediately. Burn the body.”
“I understand this is part of a pattern beyond my ability to curb.”
Cas looked up at Dean, then placed his hand flat against the grid covering the cell. His skin instantly burned and blistered, red hot. He pulled his hand away again and his skin healed itself. “It’s protected against angels, Dean,” he said. “If I could break through, I already would’ve.”
“You asked if it was Heaven to me,” said Young Dean.
“Here,” she whispered. “She’s here.”
“He mentioned me?” Eli asked. He looked stupidly hopeful. Dean, meanwhile, had to remind himself he was dealing with a literal teenager who was going to rank a posthumous crush over a potentially deadly attack.
“Is there something you want, Dean?” she asked. “You should say it.”
Dean huffed and looked away, because it was just so
“You won’t miss it,” said Cas. “It will be harder on Dean, on you in the future, but he knows that already. Or he thinks he does. Now that I’m here, I can’t help thinking…”
“Oh wait,” said Dean, eyes widening. He looked at Cas, as if he’d get it too. “This is
Schaffer’s Bar would close down in 2002 after repeated health code violations and an encroaching tax fraud evaluation. Owner Jerry Schaffer would determine that it was better to cut and run, maybe try his luck in Australia or Peru or the Cayman Islands. In 1998, the bar still had a regular crowd of locals who came for the pool tables, the cheap cold beer, and the complementary, if dubiously sanitary, bowls of cheese puffs always left out on the bar top.
“Scarring,” said Young Sam. He looked up at his older self. “Your Dean is way worse than my Dean. For the record.”
“Anywhere we call them to,” said Young Dean. “Long as it’s seafront. Actually, I think—long as things haven’t changed in twenty years—I think I’ve got a place we can stay out in North Carolina near Kill Devil Hills.”
“Never listen to this fucker when he gives you a hard time,” said Young Dean, pointing to Dean. “He’s full of shit.”
Dean spit out his beer inelegantly, losing most of it down his chin. He dragged the heel of his hand against his chin, pinched his nose because some of it had gone up wrong and burned, then dragged his thumb against one watery eye. “Okay,” he said. “Okay, you really had me going. Joke’s up. You’re good, though. Kept a straight face, and the trick with the, uh—” He pointed at the device with his picture in it. “Don’t know how you did that part. But I know bullshit.”
“I still think those references to innocence and pure-heartedness were editorial,” said Sam, clearly carrying on an argument from before Cas even whisked Young Dean out of 1998.
Past-Cas kept his hands on the egg, but his fingers shifted to cover Young Dean’s. Young Dean smiled through his words, never dropping rhythm, and Past-Cas mirrored the smile back faintly. Where their hands touched became brightest of all.
“Well, you look after him and we’ll call it square,” said Young Dean, nodding to the mouth of the cave up ahead, where in the open air Cas carefully let Dean down to the ground. Cas methodically peeled away Dean’s bulky winter coat, getting a better look at the wounds.
of the poem (it is not long)
“No one’s answered my question,” said Young Dean. “If I step out the door up there, I’m not gonna find some irradiated nuclear hellscape, right?”
» aw hell, who am I kidding? here's a playlist with all the songs that have been mentioned in the series. I call it
Weariness invades your spirit.
The first hag waved her webbed hand. “Sit,” she said, speaking with a watery voice. Her voice sounded old, not just in the way that time altered all things, but old like the creaking beams of a tall ship, old like the swaying of heavy oak boughs in an ancient forest.
“I dunno,” said Young Dean, shaking his head. “I just thought I could help. I helped before, didn’t I?”
“Really?”
from us.” Cas all but growled it, and Young Dean would deny he shivered but Cas knew the truth.
A key turning smoothly in a lock. Cas lifted his eyebrows in thoughtful consideration. “There are advantages to being like this,” he said. “It’s what I was made for. I like being able to heal people. I like flying—getting around by
Dean looked at him again, his expression a little guarded. “No,” he said. “No, I don’t think you do.” Sam would have no reason to even suspect. Dean had played his role so carefully all this time that there was no way for Sam to guess. And although Dean should say more, he again found he couldn’t.
Sam, the bastard, was long gone. Dean bore the increasing ache of cramping muscles, tension in his back, a pounding in his head, for a good two hours while Cas slept like the dead. He fell into another restless round of sleep when the ache dulled down to a numb kind of torture.
“They’re meant to ward off evil spirits and demons and the like,” Wallis continued. She wiggled her eyebrows. “She won’t bite.”
“This is better?”
,” he said.
“He was kidding around,” said Dean. “I never thought he’d be so brazen, ordering a grown-up drink like that. He’ll have a Shirley Temple. Come on, Roger.”
“You found me,” Dean said.
» “Betty Crocker, eat your heart out” from Dean is, in my estimation, the most rewarding line I've written thus far
“You’re going to have to fill us in,” Cas said.
“So this morning,” said Dean.
“Sammy, I think I hear something,” said Dean.
“Jody, you’re alright,” Sam said next. “I had no idea what happened to you.”
“And before then, it was just you and Dad sharing one.”
“Overthinks things, yeah,” said Dean.
“Which, speaking of,” said Young Dean, raising one finger. “You need to tell Sam. Do it while I’m out.”
He looked down at himself, his form feeling familiar, the hands he’d grown to think of as his unchanged. But the vest, that was new. Not to mention the brimmed hat on his head, shadowing his face, made of stiff felt the same colour as his old trench coat. He lifted one side of the open vest and ran a hand over the fabric of the blue shirt underneath. It struck him that it was specific, familiar. People remembered Clint Eastwood’s iconic poncho more than they remembered the dark blue patterned shirt he wore for the first part of the movie. The kind of detail only an angelic memory would be likely to recall—or a deeply obsessed fanboy.
“They took—”
Cas stood at Holden’s side charitably and looked at Ronnie’s picture. She looked like a match for Holden—striking, with thick dark hair, defined features, and a rockabilly style. Holden rhapsodized for a few long moments about Ronnie’s best qualities and various skills, the clever insight she’d had on the case, a funny joke she told him over the phone that morning. Young Dean looked at Dean as if to say,
“I’m getting used to screwing up,” said Jack. “I feel like I mess up everything. Like that spell to get Cas back. All it did was make me lose my powers.” He tipped his head back against the seat, looking at the ceiling of the car. “Now I’m useless.”
“How did you figure out that part?” said Dean. “I sure as hell didn’t know this stuff at your age. Hell, it ain’t exactly easy now.”
“Can we stop saying that?” said Young Dean. “I think we all got it.”
“How’d you end up at me?” Dean asked. “You said you didn’t hear me praying.”
“Cas,” Young Dean’s voice said weakly from the back. “Roll up your window. Please roll up your window.”
“Listen well,” said the second hag, swaying forward, then leaning one elbow on her knee to stay upright. Young Dean did his best to pay attention, despite the bottle coming around to him again. He took another eye-watering mouthful: the lip of the bottle tasted increasingly of sea brine.
“We’ll go to the Golden Eagle Motel in Wyoming,” said Dean. “That’s where they were last.”
“He deserves better than that, alright?” said Dean. “You know why he said yes to this, don’t you? Not for money, not for glory, not for pride. But because he thinks this is all he’s good for. If someone points at a monster and says, ‘You have to fight that,’ he doesn’t ask why. He doesn’t ask why no one else will do it. I never got to ask those questions.”
Young Dean couldn’t speak past the swollen feeling in his chest. The rest of the trip stayed silent.
“And he tricked me into coming here,” said Past-Cas. “He said that it was a command from the future. He neglected to mention that in the future we are at odds with God and that Heaven isn’t in any position to be issuing orders.”
“Where else would he be?”
“They took
Cas closed his eyes, giving a faint shake of his head. “It should’ve worked,” he said quietly.
Sports teams filled the back pages, and he found a group shot of the cross-country team. Gangly limbs shown through loose tank tops and shorts cut high. He looked at names instead of faces. Elijah wasn’t an uncommon name, but he hadn’t found any till now. 1996. Middle row, second from left. Elijah Alder. Wiry, on the shorter side of average. It was hard to be sure from a picture, but not impossible to believe he’d probably come up to the chin of a six-foot-two guy like Waylon.
Young Dean turned his cheek against his forearm, still looking nowhere. “He seems nice,” he said at last.
, where Misty’s this judge, right…”
“She’s coming back,” said Sam. “To us. She’ll do the right thing. In the end. They have leverage on her. Something.”
“This is not your burden alone,” said Cas. “I failed to amend your memories correctly. I must not have been strong enough.”
Young Dean walked backwards into the surf, chirping his older self. “Thought for sure you’d have a beer gut, old man. This is promising for my future.”
“Books, obviously,” said Essie. “Whenever I found a new symbol, I’d test it out, then add it to the wall. I have room to expand, you see.”
He was faster than his injury let on, but he had nothing on Young Dean, fresher for a fight than any of the others. He kept hold of the sword even as he jump-tackled the Fisher King to the ground. He rolled the man over, pinned his shoulder with his knees, and brought the Sword to his throat. The light of it illuminated the Fisher King’s face with an eerie, pale glow. His lips and eyes looked more fishlike than ever before.
Cas speaking past all those self-imposed barriers that held them apart before. All those silences in which neither of them could bear the risk of saying what they really meant to. If only they’d had it all out in the open before, clear and honest. If only they hadn’t waited so long.
“Will I see you again?” Dean asked.
“I’ll tell you the whole story one day,” said Young Dean.
They were quiet a moment, the silence filled by Dean’s thumb brushing against Cas’ knee. “I know you don’t need to sleep, but if you wanted…”
Young Dean heard this. Dean didn’t bother trying to hide it from him. That would be a kindness he didn’t deserve. So he set jaw his tighter, chin lifting, but he tellingly wouldn’t look at any of them.
Police swept the woods as grey dawn opened up between the trees. Over the ensuing weekend, rumours circulated that Andre O’Neill hadn’t been heard from, that Jaymie-Lynn Lownds had been left drunk in the woods by her friends, that Waylon Johns had encountered the thing, whatever it was, and come out of it battered. But Andre was never at the party, being down in Richmond to visit his grandfather, Jaymie-Lynn had left early after puking fifteen minutes in, and Waylon was always ending up in fights.
He didn’t leave alone. He told as many humans as he could find of how to get out, how to return to the place they came from. He left the last of his instructions sealed in a bottle, half-buried at the base of a tree for any who came after, then he took his own road home.
The Dark Watchers began to move again. This time towards Young Dean.
Young Dean hesitated on the answer. “I don’t know about that,” he said. “Most of the ingredients were pretty rare, and I needed a powerful witch to activate them. I don’t think I could get those kinds of supplies and favours again unless the stakes were high enough to justify the trade-offs.”
“This isn’t your father,” said Past-Cas, angling his head to the side.
Sam, who still had the power to change things on Earth, didn’t know Chuck was still out there. If Chuck kept his power, then what had become of Jack? Jack didn’t build this Heaven, which meant Bobby’s throwaway comment that Cas had helped with it wasn’t true, which meant Cas was still in the Empty, suspended in eternal recollection of his greatest regrets.
“That was Abraxas,” said Cas. “Abrasax… Essie and I came across that name over and over in the Greek Magical Papyri. It’s associated with all manner of Gnostic spells and beliefs.”
“Sam said you were fallen,” said Young Dean.
“Sounds like we gotta pay this Bernadette lady a visit,” said Dean.
“You’re going to fuss over those horses like you do your car,” said Cas.
He didn’t aim the force of his affront at Chuck. Instead he turned, both hands thrust towards Amara, bands of power pulsing straight toward her. Her arms opened out, head tipping back as the monstrous levels of Jack’s energy collided with hers. The turn of Jack’s attention left him vulnerable, undefended.
“Hey, Sammy.” Young Dean’s voice came across the line. “How’s the drive?”
Cas just studied him, like he could see all the seams where Dean had broken. Dean thought he’d sealed them up tight enough that nobody noticed, but, as with most things, Cas was an exception.
“Sam,” he said, the first word he’d uttered in months, his voice raw. How could he have forgotten his brother? How could he have forgotten himself. What strange place was this? How did he come here, and how could he leave?
“You don’t owe this piece of shit anything,” Young Dean said. “Why would you do this for him? You wanted to get away.”
“Very little,” said Cas, still looking wan and unsteady. He nobly attempted to keep his shit together, though, which Young Dean could respect. “I told him what we’re after and why we need his help, but everything between
“Like a ghost?” said Eli.
Cas’ young, large eyes looked around at the desert and the dream, down at his own hands and body, then warily at Dean. “Yes,” he answered, voice low, slow, cautious. “You know who I am.”
“You said you know me. You asked if I remembered you,” said Cas. He looked down at himself. “You must have me mistaken for this human form you’ve assigned me. Who was he?”
“I hoped we’d see him again,” said Jack. “But he’s never shown up in the same place twice. And I don’t understand why he left the monster alive for us. He must have been the one who killed the vampire in Atlantic City.”
“I miss him,” he rasped. Trying to keep it all contained. Trying to hug his arms around himself even tighter. He shuddered a few times. “I miss him so much.”
“Hey,” said Dean, starting after them down the sand. “Hey, where the hell do you think you’re going?”
“He told me he didn’t want to talk about his world because it ‘wasn’t relevant’ to us,” said Sam. “But now you mention it, he evaded pretty much every question we had right from the start. What do we know about what the past two years have been like for him? Pretty much nothing, right?”
» ch. 7 title ref: “Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas” written by Hugh Martin and Ralph Blane
“You might be onto something,” said Dean. “I’m gonna light this fucker up.”
“You stole my memories,” said Past-Cas. “You made me a prisoner.”
“Jimmy was not available to me,” said Past-Cas. “But I found his brother Lawrence to be of equal faith and strength.”
you. But hell, I’m embarrassed about it now. This is what I have to turn into? Some angry loser who won’t admit he—”
“Christ,” Dean muttered. He lifted his coffee to his mouth, gave a shake of his head before drinking. “Poor son-of-a-bitch.”
“Sam and Dean trusted them,” said Dean. “They lived and worked out of their bunker. Still hunting monsters, just like always. Still saving people. Just doing it better than ever before.”
“Yeah?” said Young Dean.
“You look like him,” said Dean.
“You’ve only known him a few days,” said Dean. “You’re still in the honeymoon period.” Past-Cas angled his head curiously. “And I think you should know about him, before you dive in headfirst, that it’s not always going to be easy like it is right now.”
know. There’s nothing in my life I wanted as much as that.”
“Such delicious shipwrecks,” agreed the third.
“Look, I get that everyone thinks Teen-Dean is sweet and adorable, but he’s kind of a dick,” said Dean. “What’s he saying to you in your heart-to-hearts anyway?”
“Just asking if being sad for him’s all you were feeling about Waylon,” said Dean. “If there was, uh, anything else.” He cleared his throat. The words felt stuck in the back of his mouth like peanut butter. But Jack didn’t have anyone else. He didn’t have Cas. And while Sam would’ve been a good substitute when it came to touchy-feely stuff, he wasn’t here. Jack had chosen to hit the road with Dean instead. So he said: “I mean, you can talk about it with me.”
“Oh yeah. I can help him,” said Reid. He turned his head over his shoulder to scan over Past-Cas. “What
Mary nodded her head once. Finally said, “And you?”
“Same hunter’s pyre,” said Cas.
a world. A world of man’s own making. That’s why everyone’s been after it.”
Some days Dean pulled on that string too hard and didn’t like where it led to. If the deer was real that was suffering, which didn’t sound like Heaven. If the deer wasn’t real then it was a distraction, and that sounded like… Well. It sounded like Chuck.
“Cas,” said Dean. “With all respect, you aren’t batting a hundred on memory patches these days.”
“Why do we need two separate cars? What’s going on, Dean?”
“Rachel,” she said.
Dean gave a rough laugh. He was too far gone to take this well. He faced Bobby with a devil-may-care smile and glassy eyes. “Well,” he said. “That too.”
“Two of them,” said Zachariah, looking between Sam and Young Dean. “And if they end up as collateral damage, we’ll bring them back when they’re needed. The rest of you? This world has no use for.”
In this case, a demon who fought like a wild thing, and, when he had the window for it, barely even felt the dig of his machete into her belly.
“That doesn’t make me sound conceited at all,” said Dean.
“No!” said Young Dean. He surged forward, hands reaching around to cover up Cas’ eyes. It was the fastest way he had of responding, unthinking. “Don’t look at them. They don’t want you to look.”
“Hey,” said Claire. She wrinkled her nose thoughtfully. “It’s even weirder when you’re both here,” she said, and she looked back up at Dean, her Dean. “Must be some hunt, huh?”
“Even if I don’t get the egg?”
“Did he tell anyone he was going?” Sam asked. He looked at Cas, who frowned and shook his head.
“I do know, actually,” said Past-Cas. He suddenly had the attention of not just Young Dean and Claire, but the others as well, conversations dropping away. He looked around with a wide-eyed expression. “I didn’t know when to share this,” he said falteringly.
“Nah,” said Dean. He wouldn’t waste John’s time. John would think he was being an idiot, or else he would get the wrong kind of concerned about Dean being possessed or under the influence of a hex bag or something.
Dean’s mouth twisted, considering it for a long moment. Taking in what he could see of the ocean, the trees, all gilded by brilliant rays of light. At this time of day the sun was still high, yet it shone onto the Western face of the land, slowly preparing to set over the ocean. It was a rare, golden kind of light that reshaped the world, made it stirring and mythical. Here especially, under the warm, dry winds, it left him with the nebulous feeling of a fever-dream.
“You’ve walked away from getting stabbed, right?” Young Dean said, squinting up at Dean. “Same deal here, just wasn’t a fatal blow. Allegedly he was stabbed in the ‘thigh’ but I think that really means ‘dick’ so there’s a reason he’s been such a grumpy bastard.”
“I think we should go,” said Past-Cas.
“Be not afraid,” Past-Cas said with grave authority. “We’ve arrived to assist with the deputation. What are our orders?” He looked at Cas.
Mary let out a measured breath. “Raising my two little boys,” she said, the answer ready at hand.
“Oh, he couldn’t make it,” said Young Dean. “Good to see you again, though. This is a new look.”
“It sucks, man,” said Dean. “It sucks to think we could’ve had it another way.”
The room was much too crowded. A dark crack ran through the sigil on the ceiling.
“Also they’re, like, so badly-written,” said Dean. “But Sammy’s right. You can do things differently. That’s the whole point.”
The sun was just rising, giving Past-Cas light to read by. He didn’t speak for the most part, voice raising only once to say, “This is very inaccurate sometimes.”
“No,” said Past-Cas. “I’m here. But you have to comprehend me somehow.”
Being one of the greatest films ever made, Dean
“I might yet snap this one’s neck,” said Crowley thoughtfully.
“So what now?” Dean asked. “Can you and Jack team up and kick Chuck out, or…”
“You won’t find them with your angel radar,” said Claire. “You hid them from angels with some Enochian spell.” She looked at Dean. “Carved into your ribs.”
“Don’t worry about the money thing,” said Dean. “A friend of ours set us up with some credit cards. It doesn’t cost anything.”
“That’s what happened to Eileen?” said Sam.
“No, Cas!” Young Dean sat up, reaching for Dean’s shoulder. “Pull over the car.”
“I was onto the Grail by this time. He said he couldn’t give me it, probably because it can only be won, and since the Fisher King didn’t seem to be on this plane of existence yet, I had the idea about going to your world. So he helped me with the portal stuff. He tracked down witches with the right kind of power. That’s how I ended up meeting Rowena.”
“Fuck, Sammy,” said Young Dean, slumping into his chair again, the dramatic fit sapping out of him. “I’m pathetic. I failed you.”
Dean looked up at the rotating blades of the fan, willing it to cool him just a little more. It was one of those unrelenting nights, midday hot with no sign of breaking. He’d swear he had sweat on his eyelids. He ran his tongue against his lips just to wet them and stretched an arm above his head.
“You’re going to, though,” said Dean. “You’re gonna get your GED.”
Dean turned his head over his shoulder to follow Bobby’s gaze, looking at a plain rotary telephone sitting on a side table.
“And I’m not letting you two out of my sight,” Dean added. “You’ve caused enough chaos already, I’m not giving you the chance to mess things up more. Jody’s working on things with this hunter lady while we make our way down there. She’ll call us if she learns anything.”
, how every part of the spell reacts to the components of the ‘sacred circle.’ Here, again, it’s saying how we’ll ‘see the light rise from the sacred circle.’ But look.” He held up the book. “No circles! Anywhere!”
“Knock what off?”
“Honestly, they all taste the same to me,” said Sam, resting his temple against the heel of his palm, fingers carelessly dug through his hair so it fell out of its usual sweep.
“I can bring them to you,” said Cas.
Dean gave a half-hearted shrug, feeling that offer as a strain, as he always did. “Most of the time, we want to keep people out of our messes,” said Dean. “We’ve seen too many friends get hurt.”
“Don’t worry about it,” said Young Dean. “I have a hell of a time dealing with my old man, some days.”
creation. Past-Cas and Teen-Dean are the celestial and the terrestrial. The sacred and the profane.”
“Oh,” said Dean.
“Same as usual,” Dean said. He got the car into a space he could back up, then straightened out to drive forward, the palm of his hand sliding against the wheel through these rotations. “He wasn’t ever here, from the sounds of it. There were about a dozen in the compound, looked like they’d come out the wrong side of a war. We might find a lead in the Sierra Nevada? Another compound like this one. Hell if I know. Had enough of these fucking mountain people, I tell you. Hard to say if their intel’s worth anything. They were some low-level Arimaspians, am I right, Past-Cas?”
“Forget I said anything,” said Dean.
“The whole story,” said Young Dean, eyes turning up towards the roof, head tipping back. “What’s it matter now? It ain’t pretty. It’s not even useful. There’s no Grail. Fisher King’s dead, Eileen is back. Why dredge it up?”
On Cas’ other side, Young Dean sprawled in a futile attempt to defy the heat. He rolled the cool beer bottle against his forehead, sighing at the meagre relief.
“We should leave here,” Cas suggested, looking around with narrowed eyes. “We’re causing waves in Heaven.”
Young Dean stared, didn’t say anything. He wanted to say that Dean was incoherent, that he spoke under the influence of some medicated high, but what Sam gave him was just a booster shot. Maybe this was some side-effect of blood-loss, or of adrenaline. But Dean’s eyes looked too clear and sane.
It was a Thursday night and the place was fairly quiet, with only a few customers settled in at different tables. Dean and Young Dean approached the bar. The owner, a tall and broad man who had no hair on his head but quite an impressive moustache, straightened up from where he’d been leaning against the bar top, watching the game on TV.
choice, and he didn’t,” said Zachariah. “So we were forced to choose on his behalf.”
“I’m fine, believe me,” said Dean. He winced, biting his tongue as Sam smeared a clear, viscous goop over the angry slice across his stomach. “Just fine,” he wheezed.
“I don’t know,” Dean answered honestly. “I don’t want it for you. We won’t let you go in blind again, that’s for sure.”
when the bad shit happens?”
Cas put one hand on Dean’s waist. These touches were still new. Dean bowed his head. He’d sworn not to be miserable just because, but it still wasn’t easy to get out of his own head some days. Going from a state where he only touched Cas when the stakes were high, when life and death were on the line, to touches as casual as breath was more than he knew how to face. And yet by the same token, they’d been so close for so long, so emotionally intimate even while keeping at arm’s length, that this kind of gesture felt like a completely natural extension of what they’d always had.
“I don’t have a birthday,” said Past-Cas. “Not by your calendar.”
“Teen-Dean’s just, like, your name,” said Dean. “Them’s the facts.”
Young Dean faltered, looking at Cas, at Past-Cas, finding help nowhere. “I thought Past-Cas could find Sam once we got here. Take us to him, or pull him out of danger, but… but he’s hidden from us. The Jody lady too.”
“The math works out to two thousand four hundred and one, or, no, two with the man…” said Cas.
“I’m just making you up?”
“Wait, you aren’t supposed to remember anything,” said Dean. “What happened? Is something wrong there?”
“Not stalling,” said Reid, turning slowly on his heel to look at Dean again. “Savouring. You should give it a try sometime.”
“You’re a kid,” Dean and Young Dean both said.
His clothes had changed too. Apparently this vessel used to dress like Chandler Bing, wearing a knitted vest over a massively oversized white t-shirt, half tucked-into belted khakis. Dean grinned.
“Death Valley?” said Sam. “I think.”
Eileen took the packet, careless of the soot and dirt on her hands. She unwrapped the foil. Furrowed her brow as if she did not understand something that wasn’t fish. She looked around herself, perhaps searching for the Fisher King or the other Thralls who normally dined with her. Sam distracted her with another hand sign.
“Why did you let Sam go off on his own?” Young Dean asked, and even through the line one got the sense that he’d stood up and started pacing. “You knew it was dangerous.”
Castiel circled back, stepping down into the living room. “Yes,” he said.
good at ordering food.”
“Cas out of the Empty,” Jack recited. “And a ranch in Colorado. Seven horses.” He nodded his head. Smiled and gave a self-pleased shrug of his shoulder. “Well, those are done.”
“Heard the Winchesters were in town,” said Peter. “Heard about some funny stuff going on down in the local bars.” Peter’s eyes darted between Dean and Young Dean, trying to puzzle it out. He didn’t slacken his hold on the weapon, fully prepared to shoot.
He had to stay busy and get his mind off this. He met Sam at school at the end of the day and took him to Goodwill, and for twelve dollars they had new shoes for Sam, some more clothes, all practical layers. “You gotta stop growing, Sammy,” said Dean. “You’ll turn into a full-on sasquatch if you keep this up.” Dean wasn’t ready to start looking up at Sam. He needed time to get used to it.
“We’ve never ganked a sea hag,” said Dean.
Not, thought Dean as he took his seat and rested his arm over the back of Cas’ chair, that he’d ever been successful at it himself.
“Really?” said Sam. “Because with all the stuff Dean’s said, especially lately, I thought you were meant to be, like, soulmates or something.”
Cas gave a small nod of his head, gesturing him to go on.
“I don’t sense them,” Cas repeated. “I should be able to locate anyone on this Earth, but they are absent. Has something happened? Are we too late?”
“Which leaves…” said Young Dean, but the older pair had disappeared. He flashed his loose, giddy smile at Past-Cas instead. “Everything.”
Sam moved next to fill up a needle from a small vial. “This part asks like a booster shot,” he said. “To kick up the antivenom effectiveness. But it needs a few hours to do its thing. We’ll be able to give him the antivenom after we get to the motel.” He neatly administered the shot, then looked up at Young Dean. “He’s going to be alright, you understand?”
“Did I mess up the timeline?” Young Dean asked.
Essie hummed. “We make it ahead and bring it with us,” she said, finding her answer as she spoke. “Not on paper, that will tear. But if we put it on a big enough sheet or a piece of cloth, that would fold neatly. I have a friend in town who does silk screening and batik.” She caught Young Dean’s stumped expression and added, “That’s painting on fabric. She would likely have the right cloth and paints on hand.”
Cas was silent for a long moment. He squinted against the hot wind blowing up dust, ruffling through his hair. “There was a crack,” he said at last.
He looked up at Young Dean seriously.
“Relax,” said Dean. “It’s not a big deal.” Easier to say to someone else than to himself.
“It was…” He had to stop to laugh, because he knew Young Dean would find it funny. Or, unbearable. Same thing. “It was all Led Zeppelin. My top thirteen tracks.”
“You show up in Clint Eastwood’s poncho and I got the right to open fire.” John cracked the line with a laugh, turning away to pull out a couple of beers from the fridge. Fifteen years ago, it would’ve been enough for Dean to lose the thing on purpose, leave it behind in a motel room and tell himself he hadn’t cared for it anyhow. In the inconsequential nonchalance of death, Dean didn’t say anything. Because if he did it would turn nasty, and John would have to be right in the end, and then Dean wouldn’t want the bandana anymore. You got further with John if you didn’t defend yourself.
“Yeah, that,” said Rachel. “Thanks.” She looked at Young Dean again. “Thanks. You didn’t have to.”
Somewhere in the course of Young Dean’s account of the Fisher King, Cas fell asleep in his wicker chair, head tipped to the side. Dean found himself watching, not out of concern, merely thoughtful. They’d talked between themselves about Cas’ fading grace in recent months. Dean’s instinct was that Cas oughtta be careful, should only resort to using it in life-or-death situations. Cas disagreed. He knew little more than Dean did about how long it would last or whether it would ever recover, but he didn’t want to be stingy with it. If it was a finite resource, so be it. Whether time or use would take the last of it away, he could at least ease some suffering in the present.
Dean smiled, a softer sort of grin than Castiel would have noticed as something he wouldn’t have been used to seeing on Dean, had he not had his eyes squeezed shut as he chortled. Dean gave a pleased sigh, a gentle rumble in his chest, and reached out to brush the sand away from Castiel’s face.
Dean snorted again and climbed onto the bed, listening to it creak and groan as he tried to get settled. Even with Castiel pressing himself against the far wall in attempt to afford Dean more room, they were nearly nose to nose. They laid stock still a long moment before the discomfort set in, and they began moving about, trying to find a way to get comfortable.
Castiel nodded. “Holly House was built in the late 19th century, by my ancestor, Matthias Goode,” he said, absentmindedly picking at a frayed strand of denim on the belt loop of his jeans. “Summer cottage for his wife. Has something like… oh, sixty or so rooms. The family opens it up for tours when we’re not using it.”
Standing beside him, Jo’s mother Ellen smiled the strangely knowing sort of grin that he and Dean had been receiving all day.
“Excuse me, didn’t you just call him a pretentious balding dickhead like five minutes ago?” Castiel countered with a characteristic frown.
“Shut up and put the shirt on, Winchester,” Castiel told him, knocking their shoulders together as he walked past to begin rummaging in his own bag for something a little fresher to wear.
“What?” Dean responded, and followed with an annoyed huff. “Jeez, Cas, I’ll pick’em up when I’m done changing, Christ,” he went on, and Castiel was suddenly relieved to find that Dean was speaking on his clothing scattered about the floor and not his impromptu striptease.
“I just woke up one day and it felt… it felt like I had no soul,” Michael tried to explain, gesturing with an open hand over his chest. “I don’t know how else to explain it. I just knew… I knew if Mom and Dad had been around to see me, they wouldn’t have been proud of what I was doing.”
“Gabriel, Anna, Uriel, you, and then Hael, the baby,” Dean filled in. He stretched a moment before pulling the suggested Henley over his head and sitting on the bed with his back against the headboard, watching Castiel putter around the room. “Got a little Biblical with the names here and there, cos your mother said every new baby was an angel to your family. Except Lucian, who arrived with a name, and Anna, who was named for your mother’s sister that died when they were kids.”
“It’s kind of a blur after the cake,” Castiel relented, and Dean chuckled.
Beside him, his friend chuckled and tossed back a handful of peanuts, chasing them with a long pull on his own beer before replying.
Castiel had spared no expense on transportation, much to Dean’s chagrin. After a transfer and brief layover in Chicago, they were brought into a superliner suite. It was as small and cramped as Dean had thought it would be, but the single sleeping area, narrow as it was, had two pillows.
Dean glanced over his shoulder as he followed, looking back at the hallway and its red brocade wallpaper, brass fitted light fixtures, miles of plush carpet, and wall after all of artwork.
Dean gave a long, hearty laugh. “You sure about that, Cas?” he asked. “You’ve been to Karaoke Tuesdays at the Roadhouse with me!”
“Dean?” he asked. “Is there anything else I don’t remember?”
“Anyway, here’s ‘Wonderwall’,” he joked, earning a soft laugh from the group as he began to strum the introduction to ‘Dust in the Wind’.
Castiel blinked a few times and swallowed thickly. Where had all of
Castiel rolled his eyes, crossing the room to hop on the opposite side of the bed, causing Dean to bounce on the mattress and let out a grunt.
“Michael,” Castiel admonished, clearly embarrassed.
Dean gave a low chuckle. “‘Metalhead’,” he echoed, shaking his head. “Jesus, Cas… no, yeah, though, I guess it’s not the kind of thing I usually go for, but… well my brother, it’s the kind of thing he listens to and he kept sayin’ it reminded him of me an’ Cas, so it seemed kind of fitting…”
“Why don’t you move back a little?”
Dean raised an eyebrow. “Grand-mère Odette?” he repeated with a soft chuckle.
Once inside, Dean understood immediately why their suite was called the Blue Room. The walls were decked in delicately patterned wallpaper, white embossed lace bedecked with dainty blue cornflower blossoms and thin winding green stems and leaves. The furniture was huge and hulking, but surprisingly light in color; blonde wood dressers, a large wardrobe and vanity, and the largest four-poster bed Dean had ever seen. The canopy was in the same shade of blue as the flowers on the wallpaper and the bedding was just a shade darker, with dozens of pillows in different shades of the same color propped against the head of the bed.
“Don’t feel so bad, Red,” Dean told her with half a smile. “We weren’t expecting anything bigger than a quiet ceremony in the church. Our friends just decided to pull a fast one, throw together a whole shindig.”
Castiel had gaped in utter horror, turning bright red at the words, and Dean had just laughed, clapping him on the shoulders and telling him to lighten up. Anyone else, Castiel was sure he would have been horrified and infuriated after that, but something in the carefree way that Dean laughed and the friendliness in his smile had caused Castiel to chuckle in return, and they had been near inseparable ever since.
“Hmm?” Castiel responded, glancing back towards Dean with wide, innocent eyes. He had been distracted, taking in the familiar surroundings and traipsing back through the varied memories he held of the place over the years.
By the time they stopped, the moment, whatever it had been, had passed, and they were both left even more tired and worn than they had been when they first attempted to get comfortable. Without another word, they each drifted off to sleep, curled towards each other on the thin mattress.
“Hey, it’s not the kind of pillow talk I was expectin’,” Dean countered with a wink, drawing more laughter out of his friend.
Michael was certainly an interesting addition to the table. He readily confessed that he had started out on much the same path as Raphael, studying law with intent to become another high-priced corporate lawyer, exploiting tax code and finding loopholes to add to the family fortune and prove he was worthy of the Goode name. But somewhere along the way, things had changed.
“Master Castiel,” he said slowly, whiskey-soaked voice carrying a distinctly British accent. “Welcome home to Holly House.”
Dean’s smile dropped for a split second before he plastered it back on. “You were pretty bombed, Cas,” he replied easily, hopping onto the other side of the bed with enough force to make Castiel bounce in his seat. “I’m surprised you even remembered we got hitched.”
“It was built some time in the 60s, I believe,” he explained. “The great-grandparents weren’t terribly fond of the extended family coming by to use the beach, so they had it built to keep the rabble out of the main house.”
“Uh… thanks?” Dean offered, offering the most polite nod he could manage. He was clearly out of his element.
Dean cleared his throat as he found the rhythm he was looking for, worried now that he would sound as bad as he forced himself to be when he took the stage at karaoke, looking not for accolades but from laughter from his friends. It was rare that he made any serious attempt at singing and he felt like an exposed nerve, sparking with anxiety and on full display.
“Never hunted Mothman,” said Dean. “I don’t think he’s real.”
“Sam can have the Cliff’s Notes,” said Young Dean, rubbing his thumb over the top of his drawn-up knee. “My Sam knows the relevant bits. He had a lot of questions about how I got out.”
He wasn’t alone. He knew it all at once, heart thudding against his breastbone. He turned on his heel and there, not ten yards from him, Castiel. Not the Future Cas, the one belonging to 2020, but the one that had been his. Waves through his hair, oversize shirt, stubble stippling his cheeks and the sharp line of his jaw.
Young Dean cracked up, leaning back on the sand and rubbing his fingers against his eyes. “Shut up, guys, shut up,” he said, still laughing.
“You’re so full of shit, Dean.”
Dean narrowed his eyes and tipped his head at Cas because it wasn’t untrue but it was a low blow. “I was an idiot and an asshole at his age,” said Dean. “You should be glad you didn’t know me then.” He glanced away again, biting in his lower lip. “I didn’t even dream of better, anymore. I taught myself not to.”
Dean thought,
“The Winchester brothers,” said Sam, pathetically shaking the last bits of cork from his spoon into the sink. “Defeated by a corkscrew.”
“You know the first time I went down there, nobody mentioned you,” said Dean. “Guess you weren’t big news.”
Later, Dean pointed at Clint Eastwood’s Man With No Name character and said, “That’s me.”
- “The Song of Wandering Aengus” by William Butler Yeats, Irish poet and occultist
“What kind of risks?” Cas asked.
“It was very easy to tell him about it,” said Cas. “There wasn’t much to risk. But I need to say it to you. I love you, Dean.”
“What should I have done?” asked Eliza. “Buried my desire? Kept my true feelings to myself? I’m sure the Zachariahs and Naomis of the world would have preferred it, but I couldn’t deny who I was. I wanted to be among humans. I wanted to live as one of them.”
» the Young Dean & Cas conversation almost turned itself word-for-word into that moment from
“Thanks,” said Sam. “Sounded like Cas came back?”
In the background, Young Dean laughed, passing a hand over his face. Chiefly because he could relate.
“Guess that’s that,” said Dean.
“Well, I think you’re biased,” said Dean. He couldn’t stop smiling, like an idiot. Eyes crinkled in the corners, heart still beating double-time. Because Cas was smiling too in that rare, sweet, lingering way.
“Yes,” said Cas.
“Dean, I love this bike,” said Young Dean, tone shifting as he grasped at a brighter topic. “Do you think it will go through a portal?”
“Whatever it is you hoped to gain by it,” said the Fisher King, “you’d better learn to live without it.”
Dean tapped his thumb against the wheel a few times. He couldn’t explain the sudden feeling that something had been cut out of him. The longest he’d been without Baby was when they had to lie low and switch out cars back when the Leviathans were at large. Sam and Cas, knowing Dean’s attachment to the car, just looked at him.
They parked beside a cherry-red hatchback, vintage and boxy, which Dean lifted his chin to check out.
“I could, as a kindness,” it said, “let you say goodbye to your boy.” Its fingers tightened around Dean’s throat, cutting off breath. He kicked out harder in resistance. “He will be mine after this. He will love me as a father.”
“Dean, I know,” said Sam. “I believe you. What I thought at the start— I didn’t know then what I know now.”
“You know he just wouldn’t let himself,” said Young Dean. “He wouldn’t put a name to it.”
“I don’t think I’d want to eat hot dogs off an eldritch being’s burning corpse,” said Jack, speaking with grave consideration.
Young Dean barely dodged that deadly beak. Meanwhile, Dean raised his gun and fired a shot. It boomed loudly through the cave and left Young Dean’s ears ringing, or maybe that was just the new round of screeching in response from the griffin.
“I saw you had hand grenades in the back,” said Young Dean. “We could just demo the place.”
“You think of time as something that happens on the face of a watch, one second ticking by after the other in an orderly fashion. To move to the future, you would merely adjust the minute-hand forward. To move to the past, you would move the minute-hand back. But the watch does not
“It’s only fair,” said Sam. “You’re making us stay behind.”
“Just seems like you found out a lot in two years’ time,” said Sam. “And almost two decades early, at that.”
sweat so much.
From his angle, he wouldn’t have seen Sam and Eileen. As Young Dean raised his arms above his head he only just caught their movements within. Sam straightening to stand. Behind him, Eileen dropped the tinfoil packet of pancakes into her water bucket.
Bobby hummed, leaning back in his chair and crossing his arms over his chest. “Well,” he said after a moment’s thought. “How’s about we take a look at these Man of Letters time travel books you got and make sure you haven’t messed up the timeline for good? You’ve heard about the grandfather paradox, right?”
“She laid out my weakness for you—my feelings and my failures—so clearly.”
“The mission, Cas,” said Dean. “Meeting you, meeting me.”
Lanie looked on guard again, a hand going to the back of her jeans, though her eyes were on the other four hunters. This evidently wasn’t news to her, and the reason for her wariness took on a new tone.
Cas sighed, evidently searching out the words to give the maximum amount of summary in minimal time. “There’s this Arimaspoi—”
In one moment it looked ephemeral, like the shadow of night, and then it stepped forward with a weight like a falling tree. The ground trembled, reverberating shockwaves that made the forest shiver. The beast had its own gravity, a sense of pulling objects towards itself. All its focus was on Jack.
“You what?” said John. Just off-kilter enough not to strike with further accusations.
The man paused for a beat. “None taken,” he said quite seriously. “Actually, I want to talk to you.”
They left early, long before the first light of a cold February morning. Young Dean fell asleep in the back seat shortly after dawn, tuckered out from the late night of reading up on griffins. He slept with his head tipped back, arms tucked hard around himself.
“You left a
“That son of a bitch,” said Dean.
“I don’t say that, you say that,” said Cas.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh yes,” said Mary. “It’s much bigger. I like that you’re here. Well, not that you’re dead.”
“Yes. I think he wanted…” Past-Cas seemed more aware of their expectant looks, voice lowering and faltering over his words. “... you to have… a distraction.”
“Oh sweet. What kind of engine she got?”
“For me,” said Past-Cas. Young Dean confirmed it with a nod. It wouldn’t do to be anything less than honest with Past-Cas. Even when it wasn’t nice.
“If it weren’t for Sammy back home… I dunno. Maybe I would want to stay around here for a little. See what it’s like.”
“So you’re in for sure?” Dean asked.
“I can hear you, Sam. Where the hell are you?”
Dean shook his head, a hard warning in his eyes. He glanced over to Sam and Cas, standing by the table in the kitchenette, talking out some kind of plan for the next few hours. Neither of them seemed to hear or notice the two Deans in low-toned conversation.
Bobby glanced at Dean’s bag, but he didn’t ask to see the books at once. The promise of them already started to tip things in favour of believing Dean’s wild experience.
“This is a dream,” said Past-Cas. He sat down on the edge of the bed, and Young Dean sat up properly in turn.
“I can show you…” said Cas. He reached into his pocket again. He took out a device that reminded Dean a little of a palm pilot, but without any of the buttons needed to make it work. Cas pressed the side, and the screen lit up in a rich array of colours. “No networks out here, but I have some pictures...” Cas said.
“You’ve never seen him around there?”
“We do if they’re dicks,” said Dean, looking over his shoulder. He locked eyes with his younger self, didn’t like it, and looked back to Castiel. Under his breath he said, “This was a bad idea, Cas.”
“But that’s confusing,” said Dean, pointing behind him at his own angel. “He’s Cas.”
“According to the lore,” said Sam, “it’s the characteristics of the hunter that matter most, not the type of weapon. But it does seem like the weapon has to be bestowed in some way—”
“I’d still care,” Dean said, immediately on the defensive.
O braided dusks of the oak and woven shades of the vine,
“Do I get to say something?” Sam asked. He nodded his head at the box of
“They seemed like enough of a problem in the future I thought it wouldn’t hurt,” said Young Dean. “Bobby sent Sam and me necklaces to keep from possession.” He drew out a silver chain from underneath his t-shirt. “I couldn’t remember what the tattoos looked like exactly, or I’d have got one already.”
But he was still just in the woods. He continued on. And on. The surroundings became a heavy fog, and he became heavier. The trees turned grey and bare, and when he walked into snow, he realised it had been three months. That he was hungry and long-haired and these weren’t the woods he’d known. He knelt at a river and drank thirstily from it, raising his palm to his mouth to drink back water that tasted like honey. Like silver apples. Like blood in his throat.
“Goo goo g’joob,” said Young Dean. He smiled at his own wit, looking around for a pleased reaction. “‘I Am the Walrus?’ No one? Okay.”
“I don’t know about all that,” said Young Dean. “Actually I— I hate to cut things short, but I think I need to get back. Back to Sammy, and…” His eyes drifted over to Cas.
“Well, the traditional three realms are Heaven, Earth, and Hell, but we also know there’s Purgatory and other outer realms that exist on invisible planes. To pinpoint the centre of the observable universe is… complicated.” He looked between Sam and Dean, mild and pacific for a moment before understanding their expectant looks as awaiting elaboration. Uneasily, he continued: “God couldn’t decide when he started on an open or a closed universe. So… The universe sort of looks closed from one point of view, then goes off to infinity around the back.”
In the stalls below, Dean took notice of the shaking walls above them. It meant this wasn’t over. While there was still a fight, there was still a chance. Still, his heart jumped when Cas suddenly appeared at his side.
“The things I put up with,” Dean said, lifting his cup of coffee. If he sounded more fond than annoyed, at least no one but Cas was around to hear it.
Sam didn’t say anything at first, although Dean’s mangled attempt at communication could be to blame for that. Sam looked like he was trying to solve a complex algebra problem. “So he… You’re… gay?” He said it in an undertone, the word barely familiar on his mouth, but given their setting Dean could appreciate the whisper.
Dean nodded his head a few times. Then a few more. He paced away, pinching the bridge of his nose. Young Dean did the respectful thing and turned his face away, letting his eyes dance around the many sigils around the door. Meanwhile Dean sniffed in a breath, said, “Okay,” to himself under his breath, then, “Okay,” once more.
“Yeah, well. This whole Charles Dickens Ghost of Christmas Future bullshit is a bit of an eye-opener, let me tell you that,” said Young Dean. “I’ve never been forced to have an honest-to-god, literal conversation with myself about any of this.”
Young Dean passed his ID to Roger, and Roger held it in an outstretched arm to read the tiny lettering from a better distance.
Dean let go of the lock hold he had Young Dean in, sitting back with a contented sigh, looking far more composed than his younger counterpart. “Fine, fine,” he said. “You can have the belt back.” He stood to remove the belt and started winding it around one hand.
Sam returned it gamely, even if the confusion never left his face. He looked at the angel beside him. “And this is…”
“No, no, you do not go there,” said Dean. He heaved a sigh, leaning over the table and rubbing his forehead. Young Dean was just so damn persistent. He would never let this go. “Look, there’s not a lot to say,” said Dean.
“Pete, you gotta know how messed up this is,” said Sam.
“But we don’t know that,” said Dean. “They could be buried under fifteen feet of snow.”
, Sammy,” said Young Dean. He waved a hand vaguely. “Go see what Wallis has got in the kitchen.”
“It was only a few nights ago?” Eli asked.
Past-Cas turned his head away, and there was that old fluster. “I… I do,” he said. “It is not… It is not consistent with the way I think of other humans. I like them, generally. But differently.”
“And he’d know, wouldn’t he?” said Dean. John was a great hunter. If he hadn’t heard of them, there wasn’t much chance they existed.
If he wanted to get the reference just right, he’d have stacked the deck another way. But maybe it was time to break from the story that had been set out before. Too many problems came from sticking to the script. Maybe it was time to rip out the pages and crumple up the narrative.
“No, I moved here about a year ago,” she said. She took the pages from the printer, glancing at them as she handed them over. “There are a couple of staff who might still be around. Joanne Speers, she’s been here almost thirty years. And I think Scott used to be a student here. Scott Kinbote, he’s the guidance counsellor.”
Young Dean stared for a long moment, a look that brought into question the chasm between two identical minds at different stages; twinned drives with differing stakes. “I guess you’d know,” said Young Dean, turning away at last to leave the room.
“You’ve seen his soul?” said Young Dean.
“You’re amazing, you know that?” said Dean.
“Sammy,” said Young Dean, face lit up with relief.
“I told Bobby,” said Young Dean.
Dean went up and wandered into the stacks, floor creaking under him as his steps troubled the heavy shelves. He quickly found the first book that Essie recommended. He felt stupid flipping through the pages because John would laugh him out of the room if he knew Dean was looking up griffins in the same way they did research for a hunt. He’d never heard a hunter utter the word, and couldn’t explain his certainty that he should be looking into this.
Sam led the way, followed in a single-file line by Dean, Young Dean, then Cas. He stopped once or twice to confirm his bearings, to consult with Cas on the path they took, then wound on up the mountain. The sky held only a few passing clouds: navy blue in the centre, sharply bordered in silver from the bright moon. The snow coating the mountain passes reflected back the moonlight and starlight, an illuminated carpet over the world.
“What, you can navigate your way under a hood but you can’t fix an old barbeque? Let me have a look at it,” said Dean.
“What for?” Cas asked with an impassive shrug, arms folded.
“I talked to them,” Dean said
“I’ll do the same to you,” Cas said through gritted teeth.
“How much money was your Uncle worth again, Cas?” Jo prodded.
“I work with Wagenmaker and Oberly in Chicago,” Michael explained. “Bottom of the food chain there, but I’m doing good work. We specialize in philanthropic law… we work with a lot of nonprofits, help people set up new charities, that kind of thing. It’s… it’s good work. Different.”
Raphael had certainly made his own opinions clear enough.
Dean grinned. “Well if you wanna get technical, babe, I’ve been dressin’ you since I convinced you to ditch the pleated khakis and polos for jeans and t-shirts, way back when.” To punctuate his words, he reached back and slapped Castiel across his denim-clad backside. Dean watched in unbridled amusement as Castiel froze for a moment, mouth dropped open in surprise, before breaking into a loud, bellowing laugh. Dean threw his arm over Castiel’s shoulders and the two continued walking, laughing and knocking into one another as they went.
Dean grinned. “A few months ago, maybe not. But yeah, I’m talkin’ about a drink. Now quit handling the merchandise here or I’m gonna tell Sam you can’t keep your hands offa me.”
Dean gingerly climbed onto the bed next to Castiel, whose breathing had already gone deep and even. The trip out to Newport had been exhausting, in spite of the comforts offered by their accommodations on the train and the drive to the mansion. The lure of a nap was one that even Dean couldn’t resist and he turned on his side, facing Castiel as he joined him in slumber.
Jo laughed. “What’s the matter, Dean? Can tease everybody six ways from Sunday but can’t put up when the time comes for it.”
The formal decor seemed of little importance to Castiel; he kicked off his shoes and jumped onto the bed, settling back onto the pillows with a pleased sigh.
Castiel repeated Dean’s actions, stretching against the pillows and rolling onto his back to stare up at the canopy drapes.
Not that it should even seem that way, Castiel mentally chided himself. It wasn’t as though seeing Dean stripped down to his skivvies was a new phenomenon for Castiel; the two had shared living space for the better part of a decade, after all, and he’d more than once had to toss an inebriated Dean into a shower stall fully clothed, only to strip him down before throwing him into bed.
Jo’s grand plan had included garnering online ordination for herself and performing the impromptu marriage ceremony for her friends, but though it was very easy for her to become the Reverend Joanna Harvelle of the Universal Life Church, filing the paperwork with the state to make it official and legally binding as an officiant would have taken a few weeks, which was more time than Castiel had to spare. Thankfully Dean had an ace up his sleeve, a family friend who ran a nondenominational church and easily agreed to preside over the ceremony.
“Should I have lied? I'm sorry.”
Dean spoke again before he could. “I’m gonna get a beer. Anyone else need a beer?” He pointed at Young Dean and Sam as he stood, answering his own question on their behalf.
“If it’s an annual haunting,” said Jack, “then we might be out of luck. What if we have to wait a whole year?”
“Hmmm,” said Cas.
“You work with humans,” said Eliza. “Have you been called a traitor, too?”
“Well, they’re not hopeless anymore,” said Dean. “We’ve got things we can leverage. We’ve taken backdoors into Heaven. We’ll get Cas back for you. For good.”
Cas turned to put away his coffee and salad dressing in the kitchen cupboards. Dean, absently reaching into the fridge with his fingers falling just short of the nearest bottle, appeared thoroughly distracted by Cas’ bare arms beneath the sleeves of his t-shirt.
“Uh, Stanford, Dean? I can’t tell you how painfully awkward it is to be sitting there on the good graces of a scholarship and hearing a table full of students whine about the wait-time for their daddy’s millions.”
Sam crossed back through the room, zipping his bag closed as he made for the door. “Tell Bobby ‘hi’ from me,” he said. “See the rest of you tomorrow.” He couldn’t seem to leave quick enough.
“Like I couldn’t breathe,” said Dean. He didn’t look at the hills as the figures slowly disappeared, only knew their departure by the lessening pressure in his head. “Like everything in the world wanted me dead. Me included.”
“Oh, I did,” said Lanie. “I avoided her for six months. Then we started running into each other more, not even on hunts or anything. And then, I dunno.” Lanie ran her fingers through her short hair, messing it up more. “Kinda liked seeing her around and started to do it on purpose.”
“I mean that I can see he’s something… something special. Maybe even clearer than you can.”
Cas diverted his gaze away again quickly. It wasn’t distaste, Dean thought. No, he knew the look on Cas’ face perfectly well. One part self-abnegation. One part plain old bashfulness.
“Events of the world would’ve played out differently, yes, but if it wasn’t me that saved you, you were always—”
He made his bed with military corners, even though no one would come up here to check. He lay down in the moonlight, listening to the wind in the trees, arm stretched up above his head, and couldn’t find sleep.
“You’re not going to offend Cas’ maidenly virtue,” said Young Dean. “You can give me details. I won’t tell anyone.”
“It’s just, me and Lanie have been ‘friends’” (Wallis put extremely exaggerated air quotes around this word and dragged it out with a deepened, comical voice) “for six months. I am a certified
“There’s some bad news,” said Cas, sitting down on the bed opposite Dean. Dean moved to sit upright, tired but attentive, bringing his feet down to the cold motel room carpet.
“Think this is what the future looks like?” he asked, donning an absent smile. “You all tuckered out, me all aches and pains. Eighty-five or ninety, cranky old bastards, all creaky and decrepit.”
“You telling me teenagers weren’t having sex before marriage in the old days?” Young Dean asked. “Hell, they had less time on earth than we do. Probably thought they were lucky to make it to all of fifteen. It’d be worth celebrating.”
“Well, when we kill him, it’ll break the spell. But there’s another way, too. We can get Eileen out of his power before we off him. In fact, I think we’ll need to.”
Dean elbowed Young Dean’s back as he came back up the path, spurning them all on inside. “Essie says, ‘Hello, sweetie.’ Since when are you sweet?”
“And the spell did something. Cas has shown up. So wherever he is, Heaven, the Empty, somewhere else entirely, there’s some kind of an exit route. We just have to figure out how to make him stay in place the next time he appears.” Dean pursed his lips. “I know… I know it’s a big change for you. Being without all your grace and healing and angel mojo’s gotta feel like you lost something. You didn’t know it would be that big a sacrifice. It wasn’t obvious what the consequences would be. But it wasn’t for nothing.”
“We could send it back to you in the mail or something,” said Dean.
Young Dean looked over his shoulder. “Dude, seriously?” he said. “It was in
“Not reassuring,” said Young Dean. “Is there anything crucial I should know before you leave?”
“I just wonder… What if literally, the touch of me corrupts? Like, corrupts the power that they had over you. Maybe Teen-Dean really did leave an irreversible mark on you. Maybe that’s gonna win out.”
“Our lives will never be normal, Dean,” said Sam. “Yellow Eyes has been gone for more than a decade, and we’ve tried normal. Both of us. It doesn’t work. Because there’s normal and then there’s real. Dean and Cas? It’s absolutely not normal, the amount of time they’ve been dancing around each other, but it’s sure as hell real. I think they both know that, deep down.”
Rachel came out from her place of safety, scuttering over the snow down to her father’s side. “No, Dean,” she said, though her shaking voice betrayed her. “I can do this. This one last thing.”
He had dried blood below one nostril, and broken skin across the bridge of his nose. His left eye was swollen and ripening into purple underneath, with a shiner on the ridge of his cheek. His jaw was bruised too, and another trail of dried blood flaked away from the corner of his lips. He turned on the taps again, washed his face with cold water, although it stung. He scrubbed paper towel across his face, and when he looked up again the cut on his nose was freshly red.
“You know the help I can offer is limited,” he said.
“You know, you’re not just arrogant, you’re a full-on idiot,” said Dean.
“People keep saying that,” said Cas.
“And Eli,” said Dean. “He was with you the whole time?”
“Hey, I did it for your sake,” said Dean. “You don’t need me knocking on your brain at all hours of the day. You deserve some peace.”
Dean found the kitchen downstairs, where Wallis assembled a tray of lemonades that chinked with ice cubes while Lanie leaned against the doorway, still surly. It was the kind of posture Dean was used to seeing from Claire. Therefore, it was the kind of attitude he knew he could cultivate himself. Essie had said they were alike, but it wasn’t till meeting Lanie that Dean could see it.
“Were you gonna tell us this part, Teen-Dean?” Dean asked.
“We gonna stay out here for a bit?”
“The last time I tried to ‘take a dip’ in a body of water it turned out poorly,” said Cas. His hands found their place on Dean’s biceps, accustomating himself to the water. Dean didn’t know if Cas knew how to swim, when it came down to it. Dean didn’t get to spend much time just having fun at a pool or beach, but with a father in the Marines he sure as hell had been taught to swim.
“Dean, I barely know anything about relationships,” said Young Dean. “And he’s fucking clueless. What if I screw it up?”
“Dropped in once or twice,” said Sam. “I don’t recommend the journey. But, you know, she’s cut out for royalty.”
“You gotta have some distractions,” said Young Dean. “Night on the town now and then. Come on, I don’t buy it. Look at you. Bet you left a string of broken hearts in Heaven.”
Part of the problem was that motels didn’t leave you with many options for storing food. Frozen meals or fresh dairy were rarely an option. Saving a few cents by buying something in bulk was out of the offering too. Not to mention dishes, cookware, and the fact there was almost never more than a microwave or a hotplate for cooking on.
“The future isn’t promised,” Cas agreed, lifting his coffee to take a sip. “It isn’t about the details, though. I understand what you’re really saying.”
“Anytime. G’night.”
“You calling me paranoid?” Young Dean asked. Cas looked ready to soundly disagree again, but then Young Dean flashed a smile. He could be self-aware enough to joke about it. And it made Cas smile too, looking away, the fight going out of him.
The movie ended later into the night than Dean realised it would. He was tired enough that his eyes were grainy and his shoulders began to sink, but there was a part of him that wanted to stay up with Cas and just talk. Cas didn’t sleep and even though it was a well-worn routine by now, Dean kept feeling like he was missing something if he went to bed like he ought to. Like if he could just push past the need for sleep, if he just got that extra moment with Cas, he’d round some corner with him. Dean couldn’t even put into words what he thought that might be, where he thought that path might lead. All he knew was the fear of missing out. The sense that to resign himself to sleep was to give up the chance for something else.
“What would happen then?” Dean asked.
Young Dean hung up the phone in the kitchen and came out. “It’s true,” he said. “Holden’s cool. In every sense. He doesn’t care about Cas being a guy. Or an angel.”
“You get a name?” Dean asked, half as a joke.
“Huh,” said Dean next to him. “I expected it to be light.”
“He didn’t fill out the paperwork before taking a vessel,” the same angel said.
Dean clapped his hands once with a mirthless laugh, wagged a finger at Young Dean. “That’s right,” he said. “That’s
“I can’t believe I was stupid enough to believe it existed,” said Young Dean.
“You’re not in school, Dean,” said Cas.
He got a cup down from the kitchen cupboard, ready to get a glass of water just for something to do, when he noticed the billowy shirt caught in the moonlight outside. Past-Cas just sitting in the garden. And you know what? Probably not the only weirdo white man in California meditating in a dark garden at night. He was in good company here.
“He’s a hunter.”
“No,” said a voice from across the room. “It really isn’t.” Zachariah stepped out from the shadows. He’d taken the vessel Dean and Cas recognized, a few years younger with a little more colour in his hair.
It gave Dean a moment to look at Cas’ serious face, drawn into the curious incongruity of the fact that Cas was
“Fuck off, that isn’t funny,” said Dean.
Young Dean lifted his head from where it had been buried in Past-Cas’ shoulder. He saw what Dean did. What the angels couldn’t. A Dark Watcher stood directly in front of the Impala. Seven-feet tall, featureless, standing straight, yet braced on a long black staff. It had no more definition than a shadow, yet it took up physical space, like the negative form of a person. Void instead of presence.
“He loves me?” Young Dean asked. He didn’t know who he was talking about. His current self. His future self. Cas. Past-Cas. They were all separate and they were all one and Young Dean could hardly untangle it any more.
Dean, off to the side, looked delighted, a wide smile chasing across his face. No one else appeared to notice the private, unbroadcasted reaction apart from Young Dean, who dreaded reaching the time of his life where he found Castiel’s bone-dry commentary the peak of comedy.
, but Dean still couldn’t know if it was too soon. This Sam didn’t have a clue and had always seen Dean as a hound dog endlessly chasing skirts. John’s recent reaction didn’t exactly bolster his confidence either.
Dean kept his focus on Waylon like that line wasn’t a giveaway as to just how much Waylon knew. He felt Jack’s gaze sweep to him, then back to Waylon.
“I am not a gambler,” said Past-Cas. “And neither of you are at all equine.”
“But the demons were after it too,” said Young Dean. “The ones we ran into on the mountain.”
“Don’t you understand what I’m saying? I have already seen your light, Dean Winchester. It’s too late for me to do anything but love you.”
“Just
“I went through something recently,” said Dean. He couldn’t look up from his coffee. “Just— just listen and let me get it all out, then I’ll—” he sniffed once more. “Then I’ll take questions from the class.” He tried one more sip of coffee, a little more bearable in temperature, now, even if the taste hadn’t improved.
Said unbearable couple had now left the kitchen, stride-in-stride without conscious effort, Dean smiling and laughing at something Cas had said. God, they all but lived in one another’s pockets. And maybe it was the relaxed attire, maybe it was the human air about him, or maybe it was just the more frequent, easy smiles, but Cas looked younger than he had at the start of the year. Dean did too.
“Well you’ve come to the right house,” said Betty, rocking steadily in her chair. “Sometimes I think faith like mine has fallen out of fashion. I was born and raised in a God-fearing tradition. None of this namby-pamby ‘Love the sinner’ rhetoric. Religious devotion isn’t what it used to be.”
“And you’re gonna be way better than me,” said Dean. “Down the line. Don’t argue, I’m not saying that to be broody or anything. It’s what I want for you. I want you to turn out a better man.”
Dean had to remember how little Cas knew. “For leaving your post.”
“I guess I can’t expect you to understand it all,” said Young Dean.
“What was on it? Anything I’d know?”
“Don’t worry,” said Dean. “Daddy-Dean’s gonna make provisions.”
“Good,” said Dean. It wasn’t like he had any right to talk about self-esteem, but for the moment he felt certain of having the high ground. “You better.”
Cas shifted onto his back, wearily rubbing at one eye, and Dean had to say something. “If I knew it was that dicey, I wouldn’t have asked it.”
“What would’ve happened?” Dean asked. Still adjusting to the fact that he could breathe here. Air that tasted light and heavy on his tongue at once. Tasted like fresh water and rich moss and dark stone made smooth by time.
Sam returned from his run with rain-splattered shoulders, hair damp.
“What’s wrong with the car?” said Dean. “I know Sam’s gassy—” Sam hit him harder this time “—but we’ve got the windows down and she’s not bad for space. We’re switching out drivers.”
After nightfall they travelled to an out-of-the-way stretch of beach. Wallis attested to the privacy of it, saying it made a good spot for skinny-dipping and bringing her secret girlfriends to as a teenager.
“So much will happen differently,” said Cas. “The bulk of our concerns and battles might not even be relevant.”
“Easier in some ways,” said Young Dean, looking down at his hands with a frown. “You don’t have it so bad, here.”
Young Dean covered his mouth with a hand, stopping mid-stride and looking out blindly at the water. His heart would leave his chest if he wasn’t careful.
Jack looked over at him with that face that would break anyone’s heart.
“Yeah,” Sam said, noncommittal. He thumbed at the pages of his book. “Maybe you just saw something on TV,” he said. “It probably came up on one of those dumb Sunday shows like
The thing burned long, but Dean committed to seeing it through. Just before dawn, he caught sight of a figure through the trees. Jack noticed it too.
Sam leaned back easily against the fence rail. Wind blew off the water to rustle the dune grass, to pull at the plaid fabric of Sam’s shirt. He didn’t respond to Dean’s comment. He had that thoughtful look, that creased brow, which meant he was thinking too hard about something. About to say something that Dean already knew he would want to dodge. Dean knew his younger brother well, and knew it was already too late to avoid.
“I guess I just can’t see why. When you know he can’t help hurting you in some way.”
“Then how do we find them, Sam?” Dean demanded. Shouting like he could call down another avalanche, offer himself up to it this time.
And so he prayed to any angel that would listen. In his prayers he told all of Heaven that he loved an angel and needed him back, needed his messages passed on to Castiel. He hoped one angelic soul might be tender enough to pity him. When none did, he bothered Zachariah more. He kept up a stream of consciousness nattering in his head as he did up Bobby’s dishes, as he replaced the windows in the shed, as he danced around the edges of sleep.
). No nos podemos quedar paradas con los brazos cruzados en medio del Puente (
“Dean,” said Cas. “This is very serious.”
“You know that it isn’t God’s word,” said Cas, seeking to understand.
» ch. 4 title reference: "Play with Fire" by The Rolling Stones (the song so nice they used it twice, thanks for that spn)
“That woulda been your first mistake, Sammy,” said Young Dean. His voice was raspier than usual, and he tipped his cheek tiredly against a pillow. He finally squinted his eyes open. They remained heavy-lashed and hooded, despite the fact he’d forbidden turning on any lights in this room. “It can only be the Sword of Light that kills him. The Fisher King’s deal is that he was wounded by that sword before, now it’s the only thing in our world that can finish the job.”
Dean stepped forward to look at the first of multiple locks on the door, examining the sigil on the front, then pulling out his lockpicking tools. “Heya, Eliza,” he said. “I’m Dean.”
“But I still end up here,” said Young Dean over his shoulder. He left the door open when he departed.
“Okay, they’re having too good a time over there.” Sam’s voice cut across the room. He straightened up and crossed toward the bed. He’d wrapped his bum hand, but wasn’t taking himself in to get it looked at. A possible break couldn’t be lower on his list of priorities when Eileen’s fate hung in the balance. “You ready to call it a night, Teen-Dean?”
“He can wait a minute,” said Dean. “You’re looking a little out of it.”
Sam returned from his shower in fresh clothes. His skin was deeply marked with tan lines from what he’d been wearing that morning, but he looked more whole again. He plugged his charger and phone into a wall, then sat in at the kitchen island.
Cas noticed, watching Dean with a canny look. “You know,” he said to Dean. “He’s much too old for you.”
They’d made him memorise Dean and Sam’s phone numbers in the future in case anything happened. Made him repeat them back half a dozen times as if he weren’t smart enough to have it stick the first time around. He spun the rotary dial; the drag and catch and the wait as it wheeled back. There was a brief pause after he dialled the last number, then the phone began to ring the future.
They were in the backseat of the Impala, Young Dean behind Cas, and Past-Cas seated behind Dean in the driver’s seat.
Dad. “books you would find in the back of your dad’s car” is among my favourite of the Forgotten Genres.
“What took you so long to get here, then?” asked Dean, drinking back the last of his beer.
“Holden sounds a little high-maintenance,” said Dean, finger catching at an ashtray cover to look inside. He opened the glove box next, gave a hum, closed it again. He pulled down the sun visor, flipped up the mirror cover, narrowed his eyes at his reflection.
“I realise I probably should have asked you more questions before I let you drag me into Future Land,” said Dean.
“I’m sure Dean wouldn’t begrudge you some of his leftover Chinese—”
“What
“I’ll call,” said Bobby. “John owes me one for that time outside of Phoenix.”
“Baby, I’m gonna be your man,” said Dean. “I’m gonna lead a long life with you.”
, an underrated classic, is one of the foundational songs not only of my life, personally, but is so applicable to The Deans throughout this series. from the very first line: "
Dean rolled his eyes plainly, and of course Cas broke into a smile at his exasperation. Dean didn’t take the sight of a smile from Cas for granted, but sometimes he thought only he knew how often they actually happened. “I could sleep,” Cas conceded.
“It is
“Well, I’ll take it,” said Cas.
“He’s free from Dad, though.”
“Don’t fuck with me,” said Sam, setting down his toast. Fifteen and his emotions rose up quick, reactive. An age more than any other that betokened the growing awareness of one’s identity, one’s place, and in some ways the epitome of teenage existence: equal parts powerless and self-righteous. Dean hadn’t been able to luxuriate in that stage for long. “I came here with you, I’m leaving a school I like behind, and Dad probably wants to kill us both right now. You owe me the truth.”
“No,” said Cas after a moment’s contemplation. “It has a comforting familiarity.” And, because he had a penchant for saying confounding statements without any apparent awareness of their impact, he gave his attention to finding his seat and missed the expressive look Young Dean directed at Dean.
He suspected Past-Cas felt the same. He’d been distant ever since Young Dean’s lie was revealed, and part of it might be betrayal. Young Dean had to bear the burden of guilt there. But it was something more, too. He came here believing he had a divine mission and that he would receive his orders upon arrival. When that hadn’t been the case, and when the purpose Young Dean brought him for had been thwarted by Sam and Essie’s angel-warding, he’d deflated further. Young Dean felt like he was killing Past-Cas by inches in bringing him to this confusing, complicated world.
He sat in the seat next to Dean, egg cradled in his lap. Grateful for the heat from the car vents, and more grateful still for the silence. He thought Dean had fallen asleep next to him, but then he noticed Dean had his face tipped towards him, eyes studying him.
The Fisher King let go of his spent gun and ran into the blue twilight outside.
“Anything for you,” said Reid, stepping back. He still had the hazy, squinted look of someone quite stoned. “How’re Simon and Lanie?”
Across the circle from him, a figure appeared.
“No, I’m in ‘98,” said Young Dean. “It’s been about a week, week-and-a-half. As much as time counts for anything.” A boyish rasp of a laugh down the line.
“You know, this place you went,” Dean said, hesitating over his words. “I get it. There was a place I got pulled into, Purgatory, that was just constant fighting for your life against monsters. And in Hell, you know, time passed different there, too.”
Dean, meanwhile, half-heartedly shrugged and took a sip of his coffee. “Nope,” he said.
Jack stopped at the edge of the bonfire pit, nudging an ashy chunk of wood with the toe of his shoe.
“I mean that I got a lot of baggage,” Young Dean said instead. Past-Cas’ careful glance around said he was considering that too literally. “As in, you know, emotional baggage.”
“Let’s save the bluster for the gym,” said Sam. “Can we hold off till after noon?”
“You probably could use some rest. But what’s going on, Dean?”
“Claire?” said Castiel. “Claire Novak?”
“If you’re going to dangle that carrot in front of me, I’ll show up on your doorstep sooner than you think,” said Essie. “Thanks, boys. For keeping life interesting.”
“Look him up,” Cas said, giving a nod at Past-Cas’ body. “When the dust has settled.”
“You don’t think we’re any closer to finding him?”
“You should probably call emergency services?” said Sam. “I, uh, I sent up a signal.”
The extra time it took was worth it. Whitewashing over the angel sigils in the cell, destroying the protective holding locks, and searching through her living room to find the copied-out symbols from Rory Sinclair’s ‘Compendium of the Angelic’ to burn. The finishing touch, black paint on the white walls of the basement where she’d wake:
Young Dean laughed at the delivery. It was weak and admittedly jittery, but it was something.
“I’ll stay shotgun, thanks,” said Sam, drawing the seatbelt over his chest. He reached forward and pulled down a metal ashtray cover in front of him, wrinkling his nose then giving a frown and a nod. As Dean set his turn signal and pulled out onto the road, Sam looked over his shoulder and saw their bags in the backseat.
Young Dean didn’t know how to refute that, biting on his lower lip while he thought. “Well,” he said at last. “Both things can be true. You’re a good man and a coward. But if you don’t like the second part, then stop being so chickenshit.”
“Dean, this is insane.”
Not how he planned to make ends meet tonight. But it could be fast and easy in the men’s room at Schaffer’s and it was guaranteed. Money in the bank.
Cas’ eyes glanced tellingly in the direction of the kitchen once more, where Dean was. Dean, who had gone even longer.
“Typical.”
“Is that good or bad?” said Young Dean.
“He’s still alive,” said Dean. “But he won’t be back anytime soon.”
Dean bantered for a moment, asked who was winning, learned the bartender was named Roger and it had been a slow night, slow time of year. Dean was such an old hand at probing for intel and passing it off as idle jabber that he barely registered himself doing it. If Roger had nothing more interesting than sports and the weather to report, it was probably a good sign. Besides that, it gave him a moment to scan the beer fridge behind Roger. He ordered a Miller because it didn’t look like they had much else.
Maybe it was the drive or maybe it was the curious nostalgia of the past gripping him, but Dean had the sense of time stopping altogether. Present and past converged here. Time didn’t hold him accountable. He existed outside the parameters of fate and consequence, free of narrative, free of destiny. He hadn’t had this kind of liberty in ages.
“It’s the cost of being cared about,” said Cas. And then, deliberately, “I love you, Dean. I never want to see you hurt.”
“Whoa, whoa,” said Young Dean, waving away the questions with a hand. “I’m fine, my world’s fine, it’s all good. I came around to help you, actually. When…
“Well I don’t need
Past-Cas’ eyes went tellingly to Young Dean. “I had to come to terms with matters much more quickly,” he said. “And I’m out of contact with Heaven. I suppose that being without orders to follow affects my priorities.”
Notice how quiet the sea is this evening, how quiet the breezes.
“I could have hidden it under a mattress, I guess,” said Dean. “Oh. Wait.” He looked back at his dad. “That’s no guarantee either, is it?”
After hours of riding Dean let go the reins and lay flat against the horse’s back, easily carried by her, looking up at the sky. It looked like on Earth, blue and arced high above him. But this was Heaven and there was no atmosphere, no weather, no gravity, no place in the universe. A mimicry of the world he once knew where there was desire and danger. A world of triumphs and terrors; of midnights and high noons.
“I don’t know what that is,” said Dean.
“Yeah, we’ll stay here and keep an eye on it,” said Dean. He put an arm around Jack in order to clap him on the shoulder, adding a squeeze for good measure. “Wish I’d brought hot dogs.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Beside Jack, the room’s yellowed, corded phone rang, an orange light flashing as the call came in. Jack looked at Dean with a question in his eyes and Dean shrugged a shoulder. Jack picked up the phone, reaching over without needing to adjust much on the bed.
Dean. He’s Teen-Dean.”
“You can change your mind once you’re there,” said Cas, already reaching forward, two fingers extended towards Dean’s temple. “It’s always up to you. But don’t tell Dean I said that.”
“Waylon seemed lonely,” said Jack, brow furrowing. He tipped his head faintly. “I bet Eli is lonely too.”
This time the praise didn’t hit him like a sucker-punch, the way it had the first time he’d heard it from Dean. No, this time it filled him with longing. With a desire for a world where he got to hear it more than once. Where he got to remember it.
Young Dean looked deadly, but Dean put a hand on his shoulder to pull him back. “He’ll come,” he said. “Past-Cas will show up. He’s a fighter.” He looked back at Eliza. “We’ll be ready to summon. But you, you aren’t safe here once we start. Cas figures this could generate some cosmic attention, so as soon as your part is done, you get the hell out of dodge. Go where they can’t find you. Find some better humans than Betty Higgins to make friends with.”
“Sounds like me,” said Dean, getting back into the station wagon.
“He’s in the garden,” said Cas. “I think he’s had his fill of people.”
“That’s not how this shit
The beast became more solid, as what he thought a moment ago was the jagged edge of a fallen tree moved with a step forward. Two white slits cracked through the darkness, glowing like ghostlights, then rounded out into eyes. The flashlights gave form to the creature that stepped into their bright beams. It wore a towering crown: antlers or bent branches, Dean couldn’t tell.
“What the
yet.”
Young Dean looked at the hag. “A riddle,” he echoed.
“Oh, angel,” said Dean. “I could never forget about you.”
“I mean, he didn’t take it easy on the beers either, when he got here,” said Sam. “Including, I noticed, a bona fide shower beer. But that’s also something you did all the time in your twenties.”
“You could warn a guy before you come at him like that,” said Dean. He wanted to be angry, but Cas looked too close to passing out for Dean to rustle up anything beyond mild chagrin.
“We’ve never met,” said Castiel.
“That’s my line,” said Crowley. “Dean,” he greeted with a nod, his cunning eyes moving over the group. “And Dean.” A more appraising study before moving on. “And you must be Castiel.” Like the angels, he could see past Castiel’s human form to the true face underneath. He didn’t step out from behind Sam and Holden, but he donned a lordly smile. “What an honour.”
Before they set out for the night, Sam made Young Dean sit down and ‘open his gift.’ The machete was badly wrapped in what was actually a ratty old road map of Ohio.
Dean took a seat in one of the painted ladderback chairs, hooking his wrist over the back of Cas’ instinctively, like an invisible string made it impossible for him to keep away.
“Then at least you’re old enough to factor that into the decision you make for yourself,” said Cas. “We thought the same thing about going past twenty-one. That while every year makes you a greater hunter, we might be off the mark and put you in danger because of it.”
“I think it used to overwhelm me on occasion,” said Cas. “There was so much I was trying to understand about you.”
“You what?”
“I want you to have everything you deserve,” said Dean. “And you deserve so much better than me.”
“You some kind of stalker?” Dean asked. Fair to ask, he thought, with the Impala. With knowing Dean’s exact age. Knowing his Angus Young alias.
“Where’s Past-Cas?” Dean asked. “Not still reading
Saturday morning John called: he’d be back later that day. Dean answered with a crisp, “Yessir,” and after hanging up he immediately phoned Bobby.
“You’re understanding that time travel is complicated,” said Castiel. “Let me uncomplicate it for you. Whether you agree or disagree to come to the future, you won’t be allowed to remember any of this. I don’t like to interfere with memories, but if I don’t correct things and it destabilizes the timeline, others will come and correct it for me with great impunity.”
“You won’t die,” said Cas. “You have to deliver the killing stroke, but the rest of us will be looking after you. You’ll come back here. Even if we got it wrong and getting the griffin egg doesn’t work.”
Sam looked out one more time. He didn’t say aloud that if that was the case, Dean and Sam would never find them. “The only thing we can do is go back to the car,” Sam said. “That was the plan. We’ll go quiet, we’ll keep a lookout and listen, but that’s where we’d meet if anything went wrong.”
“Dean…”
“If it was that important to you, if it shaped you, unfortunately that likely makes it more critical,” said Cas, slowly, mentally unspooling the line of fate as he spoke.
-you, don’t remember coming to the future, that’s going to be consistent. You won’t need a memory wipe, and Cas won’t either. The way you currently remember things is already the dominant order. When Teen-Dean disappears to his new world, the natural order takes over in this one. It’s like autocorrect.”
Dean palmed a hand over his face, rubbing away vestiges of drowsiness. “Why can’t a fight ever stay small?” he asked. “Seems like the minute we learn about some crazy, new, powerful thing, everyone and their grandma is after it too. I just wish I knew what was going through Eileen’s head when she left. She’s careful, and smart. It’s not like her to be reckless.”
“That is good,” Cas said with some relief.
Until recently, he could believe he’d effectively severed his own ability to love. Just another casualty in a long list of self-mutilations and sacrifices. He hadn’t had sufficient cause to believe it survived, but somehow this withered, half-lifeless thing, his heart, fluttered with new spirit. Pitiful and fledgling, but remarkable in its re-emergence. Not like a phoenix rising whole from the ashes: like a gull coming out of an oil slick. Tar between his feathers and altered for life.
“When does it end?” Young Dean asked. “Hm? When’s the last time?”
“Actually, I don’t think he does,” said Dean. Maybe he was projecting. Something about this Other Dean, this younger version of himself, put him off. Young Dean and Sammy could connect, they seemed to like each other, to find their dynamic almost at once. Young Dean was somehow still the proud older brother, even if Sammy had almost twenty years on him. “I should know. If I was me, I wouldn’t actually want to know anything about my future.”
.’” Dean mimicked. “Jeez, Teen-Dean. Really thought you’d just show off a licence from ‘98?”
Young Dean’s voice interrupted over the line. “Whoa! What’s that?” He appeared just above Cas’ shoulder, arms hooked over the back of the seat as he leaned in. “No one told me this part. Dean, you hid all the cool future-stuff from me.”
“Curiosity ain’t a virtue, from what I hear,” said Dean. “How’s your investigation going?”
Young Dean shrugged a shoulder. “You might not believe this, but he even has friends.”
Young Dean darted forward again, but Dean still seemed to predict every move. Worse, he hadn’t even broken a sweat. He was just picking off punches like they were nothing to him. This itself more obnoxious than any amount of chirping from Dean.
“Nah,” said Dean, overhearing. “Abraxas was a demon. He’s taken care of.”
“Why shouldn’t you?” said Dean. “If we don’t use it, some other asshole is just going to try and steal it from us to make their own shitty world.”
Lanie looked incredulous, but Wallis’ had a bright-eyed look and nodded her head, her high ponytail bouncing. “That
“You can’t change things without freeing Chuck. But once you free Chuck, he could do anything,” said Dean. “Guess this is what they call the Mexican Standoff.”
He opened his eyes, though his vision swam. He pulled himself up to sit. “Sam?” he said, voice breaking.
“Nice one,” said Dean.
Novak family…”
“To Cas? He can do that?”
“It’s more than that,” said Cas, leaning forward, deadly serious. “Dean, I would never let anything happen to you. Any version of you.”
“I call dibs on the easy marks,” said Young Dean.
“I’ve kind of got the impression there’s not a lot that’s normal around here,” said Young Dean. “Sorry for asking all these questions. The whole angel thing is new to me.”
Sam nodded along, looking briefly to the Dean from his own time, who simply shrugged because really, it was all beyond explanation.
“Yeah, we’re not that bad,” said Young Dean.
It threw Jack back into the sand, and might have killed him if he were a little more human, and if he weren’t on Heaven’s cosmically powered plain. And it might yet have pulled him apart if Chuck had only a few more seconds left to it. If he hadn’t been hit by the force of Amara, double-powered, grand and terrible. Not disabled by Jack’s power, but enhanced by it. Not just unloading one weapon for the fight, but upgrading another.
“I have them,” said Essie, “but I don’t know that it’s a group project. I’ve never had the time to do a translation. I’m not sure how many of you are up on your Old Coptic and Ancient Greek.”
met find me delightful,” said Wallis. She looked at Dean and Cas. “Do you like peach pie?”
Instead of reiterating that Young Dean wouldn’t remember what he learned, Cas said, “Understood.”
“No movement,” said the Fisher King, herding them with his shotgun to stand in a row next to Sam. From a door on the other side of the kitchen, the four Thralls from the farm shuffled in. The scent of their dirt and sweat was pungent. “Bind them,” said the Fisher King. “Then take their weapons. Kill them if they try anything.”
He looked heavenward, then did the only thing he knew how to. He dropped hard to his knees, clasped his hands so tight his knuckles went white, and he desperately prayed. “Cas. Cas, tell me you can hear me. Come back to me, Cas. Fight ‘em off. I won’t let them take you, but speak to me. Tell me what to do. Cas, please. Please come back to me.”
But Cas didn’t say,
“So what if they are?” Peter asked. “I get a second chance once this is gone. A chance to get it right this time. To do right by my family.”
“To be fair, I believe he thought it would come from Teen-Dean before you.”
“Like you can talk,” said Dean.
“Only you would look at him and call him unguarded,” said Cas. “Weren’t you the one telling us all ‘he’s seen worse’ and ‘he can handle it?’”
“I’m totally making fun of you for this in the future,” said Claire. “
Young Dean sighed and got out of the car. Past-Cas didn’t bother with the door, appearing at Young Dean’s elbow.
It was a disturbingly quiet car ride, with Dean refusing to even play music. Young Dean knew it for what it was, a punishment.
“You,” said Young Dean. “I just want you.”
“Oh. Wait,” said Dean, picking up another identical box, furrowing his brow at the label. “There’s another one.”
» if you need to know when this takes place narratively, let's say it's some pocket-world time in Season 15, because if this fic proves anything it's that time is fake and linearity is for squares
Dean’s hands tightened on the wheel. (A heated steering wheel. Of all the ridiculous luxuries).
Cas found the right spot, though. Safely in a corner of the lot sat the Impala. Dean approached reverently. “There she is,” he said.
“It doesn’t make sense,” said Cas. “It’s the kind of thing I would have heard of. And it happened before Dean separated our universes.”
“Griffins and time travel and angels,” said Bobby. He leaned back and scratched abstractedly at his beard. “Not what I thought you were here to say.”
Dean looked through Amara, thinking of Jack under her skin. Jack holding out hope for Dean when Dean hadn’t always been worth holding out hope for.
“What part of ‘Stay in the motel’ was the confusing bit?” Sam asked.
“But this is Cas,” said Sam, looking once more at Young Dean. “He’s important.”
“I’m Dean Winchester,” said Dean.
“And get loverboy sorted,” she added. “I need a full report.”
“It can, and it has to,” said Bobby. “What’s got into you?”
Young Dean relaxed under the warm layer of the coat. The next time Dean dared to look in the rear-view mirror, it was to see Young Dean slumped with his cheek against Cas’ shoulder.
Young Dean laughed, folding his arms over his middle. “Shows what you know,” he said.
“Dean, this is a nightmare,” said Cas. “You need to let it go.”
They stepped onto more even ground and a wider stretch, enough that all four could have walked easily abreast. On one side the rock of the mountain rose, but on the other side it dropped off swiftly. Sam held up a hand, mutely commanding the group to stop. The silence around them was so total that Young Dean’s breath sounded blaringly loud to his own ears.
» ch. 10 title ref: “Laugh, I Nearly Died” by The Rolling Stones
“This is a courtesy call,” Zachariah said. “You may continue flinging yourself at the doorstep of Heaven, and it might have been entertaining to let you. But Castiel is far beyond your reach.”
“Dad wasn’t exactly a genius with financial planning,” said Young Dean. "If you recall."
“No factory-farmed griffins,” said Dean. “Got it.”
“No, it’s not that,” said Dean. His hand traced over a fold in the blanket, pushing the gentle rise of fabric to shift it around without entirely smoothing it out. “Guess I’m just trying to understand how this works. How you work.”
“He’s gonna fuck up the pronunciation,” Dean muttered, elbow nudging Cas. “Look at this guy.”
“He seems like a good guy to have around,” Dean said. “He’s put a lot into helping you.”
“I’ll tell him at some point.”
And then Cas was beside him. He was about to say something, but Young Dean interrupted by reaching out for him. He grasped the sleeve of his shirt to stop the room from spinning and to keep Cas from going anywhere. “Cas,” he said. His voice caught on the word. In the dimness of the bar his shadowed green eyes shifted from the foggy look of drunkenness to a keen, lonesome ache. “God I’ve missed you,” he said. He leaned forward and kissed him.
The sea hags gave over to strange cackles and cheers, a murky sound like tidewater rushing into a narrow channel. They rose to their webbed feet, and two took Young Dean’s hands to bring him to stand with them. He was unsteady, half-numbed by the alcohol.
Dean didn’t push it. He didn’t know Lanie well enough. Didn’t know what kind of stuff she was working through. If he had someone like Essie in his life growing up—intelligent, calm, caring, and balanced—he’d have had a very different life. It was foreign to him, that Lanie should mind so much about someone giving a damn about what happened to her.
(See the end of the chapter for
“And would you be willing to help us?” Young Dean asked.
Cas, seated across the table, gently nudged Young Dean’s plate closer to him again. Young Dean, distracted by Sam, started eating once more. Dean finished his beer and got up to settle the bill so that they could leave as soon as Young Dean was done.
“Holy hell,” said Jody. “It really is Teen-You.”
“Should keep them busy for a while,” said Young Dean. He still couldn’t look away from Past-Cas. Wouldn’t for a long while, if he has his way.
“He’s a little eccentric,” Essie said, her tone quieter and carrying less than Dean’s had. “But he means well.”
“Dean.”
“Yeah,” he said. “Yeah, it was real.”
Cas looked up at Dean one last time, summoning his last shred of clarity. His blue eyes spoke an apology, begged, unwarranted, for forgiveness. “Dean—” he said, voice burdened—
Cas studied him carefully before speaking. “I’d say that it shouldn’t be scary, but then I know how complicated communication can be. It’s something that always struck me, on your previous visits. You were so open when he wasn’t. I could say things to you he wouldn’t let me say to him.”
Dean woke with a heavy intake of air. Big Sur was gone. He had only a memory of sea air in his lungs. He got up from the couch, scrabbling to the kitchen so he could look out Bobby’s window towards the shed, which he saw only an edge of. He watched for several minutes, and was on the precipice of turning away when the shed was illuminated from within. Dean raised his arm to block the light from his eyes, heard the sound of shattering glass.
“Our Cas,” said Dean. His Cas. “It’s me and him.” He ground to a stop.
“Honestly, I didn’t know who or what I saw,” said Eli. “Until you showed me that picture. I was feeling like I’m more real than he was and I know that I’m… I’m not part of the world any more.”
“Good, great,” said Young Dean, who wanted to get these riddles over with before the moonshine made him blind.
“Nothin’,” said Young Dean. He put his hands in his pockets and looked down at the ground between them. He saw he was wearing his old clothes. He didn’t have blood in his hair. His ribs and shoulders didn’t hurt from the pounding of the avalanche. Damn, Cas was a good multitasker.
“Pete.” This was Dean, voice low and dangerous. “What’d you do?”
“I’m not nervous,” said Young Dean, making an indignant face as if there was someone watching who might actually care.
It was almost strange that there was no awkwardness, no self-conscious doubt. It was so achingly easy to rest his head against Past-Cas, who sat up against the wrought-iron headboard. Easy to let the angel pull a blanket higher over Young Dean’s shoulder, to have Past-Cas’ fingers glide through his hair. As near as Young Dean dared to get.
Dean made a hand gesture at Sam and Cas, indicating they could continue on toward the barn. He backtracked through the grass to Young Dean, placing an arm around him, the pressure of his hand on Young Dean’s shoulder prompting him to walk on again.
“Chuck knows we’re planning something,” said Amara, hands sweeping over the sand to draw out a new sigil, one far more powerful than what Dean has first used. Separating the three of them was no simple lark.
“The longer you stay, the harder it is for me to return you,” said Cas. “We’re already pushing it.”
“We can fine-tune it later, if I need more time,” said Dean.
Cas hesitated in a way that looked severely uncomfortable, like there was too much he didn't want to say, and Dean almost bought it for a minute. Almost panicked, except for the fact this whole situation was ridiculous. But wait, how the fuck would Cas know about his dad’s car?
Sam swallowed a tortilla chip wrong and coughed.
“That’s an angel?” said Young Dean.
“What happened next?”
“Me too,” said Dean.
“Oh, yeah,” said Sam. “That happened.”
“You found something?” said Young Dean.
“No—”
“Oh,” said Cas, scanning the firmament. Dread deepened his voice. “They know we’re here. Someone’s coming.”
“John Bonham,” said Dean. “This is my son, Jason, and my, uh, business partner, Taylor. Taylor Swift.” Cas looked mildly pleased with this designation.
“I don’t have to cook on the engine of a car,” said Wallis. “Please yourself, then. Have a go at it. But I’ve got a drawer full of take-out menus if it bests you.”
Cas frowned faintly. He thought this would be over with.
“Shut up,” said Young Dean. “I’m trying to
want to carve a deer. The desire seemed a little sadistic and reminded him of his time in Hell so he didn’t think on it too long. Like all the other things he tried not to think about, it always came swinging back into mind. If the butchery was allowed, would it even be real? Did it matter if it was or wasn’t?
“You so senile you think you’ll forget which is which?”
“Well, one-hundred per cent of the hunters
“I don’t know what Euchre is.”
“Sammy?” said Dean. He crossed the distance between them. “Holy shit. C’mere.” He wrapped him in a hug. It really struck him, now that he could see Sam. How much Young Dean’s decision to make a new world could really change things. Truly prevent the worst from happening. It had all been theoretical until this moment, until he met a Sam who had never been to Hell.
“Teen-Dean doesn’t need to meet Jack, Cas,” said Dean. “He’d be a bad influence, anyway. Believe me.”
For all the work Sam and Essie did, it was Young Dean who found the key to making it all work.
“Too long.”
Past-Cas put a hand against the shell. “There is something growing in there,” he said. “It is living.” He looked over the careful padding in the box, as well as the numerous protective sigils. He looked over his shoulder at Castiel. “You prepared this box well,” he said.
“Bobby,” he said, and his voice broke on it. He couldn’t stop the fast tears that tracked down a cheek. He wiped roughly at his face with the sleeve of his jean jacket. “Bobby, I ruined everything.”
“You really have changed,” said Claire.
“Our administrator hasn’t updated the staff section of the site,” Jack said, making eye contact with Dean, who gave a little roll of his hand to prompt Jack on, and the ‘okay’ sign that he was doing well. “But I can assure you—”
Past-Cas let his fingers glide against Young Dean’s jaw. His thumb traced across his lower lip. “I want to protect you from the wrath of Heaven,” said Past-Cas. “From being used in any one of its plans. I want to keep you safe.”
“How good that you two are communicating more,” said Cas.
Dean’s fist clenched against his side, jaw going tight, then relaxing.
» I won't go a week sans update again, I promise, I just wanted this to be good as I could make it
He dropped the sword and lifted a muddy, bloody hand to his face, losing the last of his control.
“Are you…
But there was no inexplicable gap in his evening. There was no dirtiness or discomfort about his person. There was just money in his shirt like someone had pick-pocketed him in reverse. Maybe someone took pity on him? But for all he faced monsters and ghosts on the regular, the idea of anything about himself provoking random compassion stretched beyond what he was capable of believing.
Dean froze. Something niggled at the back of his head.
At the picnic table further down the beach, Cas folded his arms and leaned a hip against the weathered wooden planks. “Build walls around it,” he repeated in a crisp voice. He eyed Dean meaningfully, which served as all the commentary needed on the matter.
They moved more slowly through the mudroom’s messy maze, until Dean could peer through the door leading into a dusty summer kitchen. No lights on, no hum of electricity. A yellow fridge that didn’t work, a woodstove covered in soot that hadn’t been lit in long years. Young Dean crouched beside some stacked crates holding dust-coated bottles and mason jars and leaned to see into the kitchen.
“Canisbay, Scotland, 1661,” said Dean. “That mean anything to you, Fergus?”
Only the leader of the demons remained, and Peter and Dean wrestling on the ground. With a carelessly dismissive gesture the demon leader threw Dean far from Peter, crashing him into a snowbank next to Sam.
“No,” said Sam. “It’s good for them. Dean’s needed this.”
He also couldn’t explain why the first three paragraphs he read felt wrong somehow. Written by some academic who didn’t take it seriously. They didn’t get the facts right. But then the fourth paragraph mentioned the Arimaspians and something in him shuddered. He closed the book, held it to his body for a moment as he waited for the dizzy feeling to pass. He drifted down the row between the shelves and sat in one of the tall windows and went back to the book.
“Firstborn son or daughter. Both come up in the stories.”
Cas sat down beside him. The door of the bar opened and closed again.
Dean nodded again, still turning over the idea. “We know where his bones are,” he said. “That’s something.”
“I’m glad you two are getting along,” said Cas. That trace of a smile appeared at the corner of his mouth. “You have a lot in common.”
Bands of coloured light swept around them, but Dean looked only at Castiel. His eyes looked bluer than ever, from the illumination out of the egg beneath their hands or from the power of his grace, Dean couldn’t say. It was just as well he’d rehearsed his part enough that it came without a stammer, without a shadow of a doubt, because all he could think of was Cas across from him. His hands beneath the angel’s on top of the egg.
“Holy shit,” Dean said, feeling as if his feet weren’t under him. The carpet of Claire’s bedroom had become the even asphalt of the motel parking lot.
“Damn,” said Young Dean.
He had to wash carefully, keeping clear of his stitches, but he felt miles better not to be covered in his own cold sweat. The warm water of the shower had been good for his aching limbs.
react like that one day had made Dean consider saying it aloud half a dozen times over the past week. Confessing it over the space between motel beds only to hear Sam say,
honesty. But I got kind of crazy about the future, too. It was like I couldn’t focus on anything else, and I was willing to do anything to come back. I thought it didn’t matter what dumb thing I did to get here. We could fix it, fix anything. And save the day and have a good time and never fuck up again. Sorry, I probably shouldn’t say ‘fuck’ around you. You’re a holy angel of God or whatever and that’s probably offensive.”
“Not anyone I knew,” said Waylon. “We done?”
. It wasn’t a stick-on decal or a framed calligraphic print, but painted directly onto the wall in black, with long-dried drips hanging from the ends of certain letters.
Young Dean barked a laugh. “Yeah, well,
“It’s to do with Project Vessel,” said Holden.
“You never say anything about it, but… But I know how much you miss Cas.”
“What is it now,
“I wish I could take you there, too,” said Dean. “To see what I’ve seen and know what I know. I don’t think we’re doing too bad, all things considered. I like you-from-the-future a lot.”
“Will you get my coat?” Cas asked. “Young Dean said it was October.”
“I’m not exactly the picture of composure myself,” said Castiel.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Right,” said Sam. “You get him out there, Cas. Teen-Dean?” Sam got up, carefully moving around the broken angle of the griffin’s wing. “You alright? Let’s grab that egg.”
“Huh,” said Sam. “So he’s not the problem?”
“Not like that,” said Young Dean.
Well, that did grant a decent scrap of certainty.
Cas scanned the world surrounding them. For all the road’s loneliness, it was striking, too. Blue mountains stacked ahead of them, purple sagebrush at the roadside dipping with the wind. If this weren’t a dream he might see jackrabbits and foxes or wild horses. It was a raw and untamed landscape, but something in the sheer scale of it left Dean in a suspended state of mental calm.
“Can’t be worse than anything we been through in this life.”
“You have been a
“You’re gonna—”
Eileen finally released the buckle and moved behind Young Dean to take off the sword. Young Dean licked his lips, flicked his gaze over the Fisher King. “I have a question,” he said once again, quietly. “What ails you?”
“Shut up,” Young Dean said. “I wasn’t ogling.”
“Sure,” said Dean. “We can meet at—”
“Yeah?”
“There’s something else to this egg, man,” said Sam.
Young Dean’s hands were free of their loose bonds from the moment he bent down. He got his knife in hand, pulled the Thrall off of Cas, nearest him, and quickly cut his bonds.
“You don’t have to,” said Dean, wanting him to stop, but having no good reason to provide as to why. He was the one who started this. “Cas, buddy, he’s fine.”
She led the way, offering Jody her arm, which Jody waved off as she limped in. Dean gave her a moment to get a few slow steps ahead.
“Name’s Elijah,” said Waylon at last. “I didn’t ask his last name. He said he went to Crestwood, but… I don’t think so.”
“Save it much longer and it will turn into a science project,” said Sam. “C’mon, Dean. I mean. Proto-Dean. Fuck, what should I call you?”
“Good,” said Amara.
» why did I make the Fisher King an spn monster? good question. part of me (to me) was like "weird flex, but ok" - then I went and reread
Dean took a closer look at the sapling closest to him, picking out a dark mark etched into the bark. Not instantly familiar as Enochian sigils or Druidic runes, but Dean wasn’t an expert. Witchy, probably. He took out his phone and snapped a picture to send to Sam. He was the closest thing to a resident witch these days.
“Pennsylvania’s a long way,” said Sam. “Are we all going?”
(See the end of the chapter for
—of asking him if he should try to date somebody in the meantime. You’d think I’d asked him to kill a puppy.”
Past-Cas appeared behind Zachariah’s shoulder and lifted his angel blade. Young Dean tried to keep his expression schooled, but Zachariah didn’t need him to know Past-Cas had arrived. He anticipated this: he’d choreographed it. As Past-Cas swung the blade down, Zachariah spun around and blocked it with a knife of his own.
“Shows what he knows,” said Dean with a shake of his head. “Look, I’m crazy about the guy, obviously, but he’s got no idea sometimes. He doesn’t know, and even you don’t know… How lonely it gets. When Sam’s gone. When Dad doesn’t need us for something. Sometimes even when they are around, I’m still alone somehow: like I don’t belong to anybody. It’s like I can tell they’re going to leave me. And Cas? He wants to stay.”
don’t have is…” Essie grimaced. “The lion semen.”
“I already explained,” said Castiel, shaking his head. “The card deck. The order of the universe. I can’t travel into the future.”
“I’m running out of grace,” said Cas. “You may have noticed I didn’t manage my best healing, today.” Eileen still had a pink scar on her arm from her earlier fight.
Dean shook his head, bringing his hands to Cas’ waist and sliding them around his back beneath his trenchcoat. “No, Cas. No.”
“Nothing precise,” said Cas. “It could be conjecture. I don’t wish to confront him; I think he would see it as a betrayal. I think we need to be careful, though.”
“You’re much more than that, Dean,” said Cas. “You know it.”
“Yeah yeah,” said Dean. “I get it, you love us.”
“I want to remain as you think of me,” said Cas. “I wish to be all that you want, Dean.”
None of this was real.
” by White Town and Crowley is absolutely the narrator of that song too
“That’s a complicated question,” said Dean.
“Like how?”
If he could keep Cas that happy, he was doing something right in this world.
“He has this influence on the land,” said Young Dean. “He’s dying—but never quite—and the world around him is half-dying too. Same goes for the Thralls. He’s got this influence over their minds. It starts slow, you wouldn’t have known it at first. Eileen would’ve sounded like herself when she was still in contact with you. But he already had control of her mind. The longer they stay, the more dead inside they are. Some of his Thralls he might’ve had for years. They won’t seem very aware, but don’t let that fool you. He can rustle them up to be powerful if there’s something he wants them to do.”
Jack leaned back, letting go his hold on Dean. He gave a nod and placed his hand over hers. He closed his eyes as his power washed back into him.
“They’re also very protective of their eggs. They’ll fight to the death to protect them. You won’t sneak an egg past a living griffin.” He said this with that tone of regret again, like he was sentimental about these griffins. Even as he went on to say, “And they’re quite deadly. They have poisonous talons—” Here he made a gesture with his hands, stretching them about ten inches apart, then tipping his head, reassessing, and expanding a little further. “And their beaks are designed for scooping out entrails.”
noise that made both men jump.
“Uh, Cas?” he asked slowly, after their ride had progressed for a good twenty minutes or so in silence. Dean had noticed the houses along the road becoming further and further set back from the road and spread much more apart; they looked huge, and it seemed that they had turned down a private road somewhere in the twists and turns the driver had been taking.
Hael nodded. “It sounds familiar, though,” she said.
“Easy for you to say, Cas,” Dean replied, still frowning at his clothing. He had packed the jeans with the worn-out hole in the knee, and he was pretty sure the collar was frayed on more than one of his shirts. He hadn’t quite expected such an opulent setting, after all.
Castiel shook his head, best as someone could when laying on their side, pressed into a nest of soft pillows.
“This bed is awesome,” he relented, voice sleep-rough and deep.
As if to punctuate his thoughts, Dean’s stomach gave a slow rumble, drawing both of them into laughter.
“Oh, look at us,” Anna said, glancing down at where her brother clasped his husband’s hand. “Holding up the newlyweds. Why don’t you two go get settled in your room?”
“God, you two are clueless,” she responded with a sigh, shaking her head. She crossed arms over her chest and leaned back against the counter behind the bar. “It just says ‘bound in holy matrimony’, you morons. Don’t know what century you’ve been livin’ in, but these days, any two consenting adults can get hitched. It doesn’t say Cas needs a wife, it just says Cas needs to be married. Cas, you should marry Dean!”
“Right,” Castiel agreed with a quick nod. “Since you have barely met anyone, I doubt you’d be expected to know much beyond that. Now, as for you and I…”
Castiel frowned. “I wish you would take this more seriously, Dean,” he replied; he decided the frayed sweater just wouldn’t do and stripped it off, the residual static from the knitted fabric sending his hair pointing up every which way and drawing a smile from Dean, who did his best to tamp it down and look serious.
He sat forward on the bed, hands clasped in front of him. “C’mon, Cas,” he said. “If you’re so worried about convincing people, all of this overthinking things is gonna blow the lid off it real quick. I know you. I know you. Better’n just about anybody, ‘cept maybe Sam. We lived under the same roof for how long? Shit, we could go on The Newlywed Game and win the grand prize. Calm your ass down.”
Jo glared and punched him again. “You’re such a dick,” she grumbled, and then turned her attention towards Castiel. “What did your uncle’s will say, Cas?”
Dean leaned back in his seat and shook his head; he had known Castiel’s family to be somewhat wealthy, but this was on a level even he hadn’t imagined.
“Hey!” he mimicked in response. “You make me spill my beer, you’re handing over a freebie!”
Missouri smiled down at them. “Now, do you boys have your rings?”
Raphael regarded his brother in silence for a long moment before responding. “No, thank you, Castiel. I believe I will retire for the evening. You should go spend some time with our sisters, you and your…” He gave a short, pregnant pause before fixing an unpleasant smile on his face. “...husband.”
Over after-dinner coffee, Hael finally broached the elephant in the room.
“Doesn’t surprise me, the way you were tossin’em back,” he agreed. “Uh… well, we danced. Jo ordered a fuck-ton of pizza to feed everybody. You were picking the olives off on of them and flicking them at Sam when he wasn’t looking. There, uh, may have been some body shots after that.”
“What?” Castiel asked, startled enough to sit up. “Seriously?”
“I can’t imagine how rough that has to be on you, man,” Dean said, brow furrowed in concern. “Me and Sammy butt heads a lot but… I mean, you know me. Kid’s one of the most important things to me, ya know?”
Missouri’s smile grew. “Tellin’ me I don’t know what I’m talking about,” she said, shaking her head. She patted his cheek again and said, “C’mon now, Dean. Your groom is waitin’ for you.”
Castiel could see his heartbreak over the loss of his brother mirrored in Dean’s eyes as he spoke; it was one of the many reasons that Dean had become such a dear friend, the way he could read what Castiel was feeling, even when he was unable to truly say it himself.
The shirt was still warm, Dean’s body heat soaked through into the soft fabric. Though they had dressed early that morning, it didn’t seem at all soiled, just worn and wrinkled and comfortable in a strange, sleepy sort of way. It was scented with Dean’s cologne, the underlying aromas of body and sweat, not pungent or off-putting, simply there, in the way a pliant body pressed against another might make itself known. Castiel didn’t even realize he had taken in a slow deep breath until Dean was lifting the cloth from over his eyes and peering at him quizzically.
Castiel narrowed his eyes. “Jo, didn’t you hear what I just read? ‘Family and values of the utmost importance to his heritage and to our...’”
He swapped couches, moving beside Hael to watch the video. Sure enough, he and Dean were at the center of the room, arms wrapped around each other tight enough to hurt; Castiel reasoned he must have been really drunk by then, and was using Dean to hold himself up, lest he hit the polished wooden floor. There was music playing somewhere in the background but it was difficult to hear, the rowdy calls of their gathered friends drowning it out just a little as he and Dean slowly shuffled their way through a slow dance.
Castiel spluttered. “Really?” he asked, trying not to laugh and failing miserably.
Down to socked feet, Dean turned and pounced back onto the mattress as hard as he could, making sure he would bounce Castiel at least a few inches, earning an eye roll for his trouble and grinning in return. He made himself comfortable and gave an exaggerated yawn.
The other man blushed slightly, casting his eyes downward even as a small smile played at his lips; that was another long-held truth about Dean Winchester, Castiel thought to himself. The man was too embarrassed to take a compliment, no matter how true it might be.
“Wear anything, Dean, it’s not formal,” he called through a mouthful of cinnamon foam.
Dean let out a low whistle and glanced around the huge front hall. “Crazy,” he said, shaking his head. “I could fit my whole apartment in this room.”
Same old Dean, no matter the circumstance.
Lyrics:
“It’s time for your vows, boys,” Missouri interrupted loudly, causing all four heads standing before her to snap to her direction. “That is, if you two are done giggling at each other.”
Castiel frowned. “How does this help?” he asked, eyes narrowed, and Dean rolled his own in return. He moved closer to the other man and opened the case, jabbing a finger at the touch screen keypad -- the code being their actual wedding date, no less, Sam’s little joke -- to unlock it and explain.
Dean shuffled on his feet, shoving his hands into the pockets of his jacket, clearly uncomfortable. “I don’t… do that,” he muttered.
“Hey, it’s not everyday a guy get’s married!” Frank had said when Dean asked, surprisingly cheerful for a man who spent most of his day locked away in his office, staring at computer monitors and muttering conspiracy theories.
Even if he snored like a tractor when he slept with his face pressed into his pillow.
Anna laughed, shaking her head. “I guess we’re not all cut out for these epic romances like Cassie is,” she replied, flicking a finger across the tablet to open the next images. “Oh, hey, this one’s a video!” she said cheerfully.
Castiel stared. “Dean, I…” he began, not quite knowing what to say. They hadn’t planned on saying anything off the cuff, only reciting whatever schmaltz Jo could rustle up for them to memorize.
Dean chuckled softly and shook his head. “Nah, you guys don’t wanna listen to me caterwaulin’ over an out-of-tune guitar…” he said, setting the old guitar down into the sand.
Dean blinked. “Yeah, Jo...’” he said slowly, as if it were the bartender who had been tossing back beer after beer, and not him and Castiel. “That’s what Cas has been sayin’ here…”
“Did you find them?” he called, trying to sound casual. Dean knelt down in the sand and began fiddling with the kindling, getting the fire started.
“Stolen antiquities,” Dean corrected, and Castiel smiled.
“Maybe ‘infamous’ would be better,” Castiel drawled, earning a snort from Dean and an echo of laughter from his sisters.
“Who is it we can’t take anywhere?” he asked, the humor in his voice softened by the lower tone he had used, as though the words were something secret to be held just between the two of them. Castiel opened his eyes in surprise, catching Dean’s gaze and staying locked there while Dean’s thumb brushed across his lips, clearing away the last of the sand.
Ignoring Dean, whose playfulness and often joking demeanor cause no small amount of skepticism to the bartender, Jo directed her attention to Castiel, and nudged at his elbow with her dishrag, causing him to raise his head. He didn’t look at all happy.
Castiel had been a part of his life and his home for too many years to count. Sleeping beside him in the massive bed was just an extension of the life they both already knew well, no matter the circumstance.
come from? He shook his head to clear the thoughts and turned away, kicking off his own sneakers before picking them up to place neatly beside the wardrobe.
Dean cleared his throat, face just gently flushed, and muttered something in response.
Castiel liked that idea very much, and opened his mouth to say as much, but lost any chance to speak when a loud voice echoed across the front hall of the mansion.
Dean was snickering now, unable to keep it all in.
Say what you would about Dean Winchester, but the man could be quite a cheerful drunk.
He gave a put-upon sigh and picked up the guitar from the sand, settling it across his knees just slightly askew as not to disturb Castiel’s hand, and thought a moment before he began strumming again.
Castiel had known Jo for about as long as he had known Dean; after their first chemistry lab disaster in their freshman year at KU, he had been more or less adopted into Dean’s extended family, which included the fiery blonde bartender and her mother, Ellen, who owned the dive bar they had congregated in for the day.
Dean had returned the favor on more than one occasion, as it had happened.
It was on the tip of Castiel’s tongue to remind him that he had been warned that his feet would be hurting by the end of the day and his own stubbornness that had caused it, but the words died when a sudden memory surfaced in Castiel’s mind.
“I think I would sooner marry you, Dean, then so much as speak to that crazy woman,” Castiel grumbled.
Castiel smiled, a full-on grin that only surfaced when he was relaxed enough to let down his guard, drunk on good rest or good liquor.
“I feel awful even doing this,” he grumbled, putting his head down on his pillow. “Lying to Hael and Anna like this. Raphael, I don’t really care about… I doubt I’ll even see him again after this, to be honest. But Anna and Hael… or if Michael or Gabriel or Uriel comes, I just…”
Castiel groaned. “When did this turn into a singalong?” he asked.
The sun had set by the time they had the fire going and the four huddled around its warmth, the chill wind coming off of the ocean colder than any of them had expected. Dean found himself sucking in a breath when Castiel leaned into him during a particularly rough bout of wind; he hoped the other man didn’t notice. When it died down a little, Hael picked up the old acoustic guitar that had been discarded beside her and set it down into the sand next to Castiel.
Standing in the front hall of the massive house, Dean glanced around at the opulent furnishings and did his best not to gape. He had seen places like this in films and those not quite educational shows on cable that liked to talk about the excess of the robber barons of yore; he was marginally certain he had seen this exact place, now that he thought about it, on an episode of America’s Castles he watched on a rainy Saturday afternoon, when his cable offerings had been little more than televised golf or Kardashian marathons.
Dean stood as well, and Castiel walking towards the door, and Castiel paused, casting a glance back at his brother, who still sat in silence at the head of the table.
“I think the wedding went well enough without the blood spatter and flying brain matter,” he told his sisters.
“Aww, how cute!” Anna called out, and the moment broke.
“Yeah, but that was different,” Dean said, frowning. “Passing out drunk together in a dorm room or sharing a tent going camping ain’t the same thing as bedding down like this, man.”
“Hey, you and your sister kinda look alike,” Dean offered suddenly, deftly changing the subject, as he was wont to do when things became too emotional or real for his liking. “Hael, I mean. Big ol’ baby blues, and all.”
“Oh. So… maybe if we both go on our side, back to back…?”
“Oh my god…” Castiel said, hands over his face. “I don’t remember that at all.”
They had agreed not to plan anything expensive, but for the sake of legitimacy, Castiel had insisted on a formal ceremony. The sanctuary of Missouri’s small church was decked out in white bunting she kept on hand for just such occasions and sprays of pink and yellow roses that had been donated by a nearby flower shop; Castiel had long frequented the place, buying the locally sourced honey they sold from the hives they kept on their growing plots outside of the town proper, and the owner had been all too pleased to volunteer her services when she heard of Castiel’s impending marriage.
“You are dismissed,” Castiel replied blandly, and watched the man leave with a cold, calculated expression.
“Just like they’d be happy for you, Castiel. For you and Dean,” Michael added. There was a sense that he wanted to reassure his younger brother; Dean had gotten the sense all along that while Castiel had long ago lost any hangups about his sexuality, there may have been some residual concerns about his family’s acceptance.
Which is why it was Dean that Castiel called immediately after getting the news, and why he agreed to meet Castiel at a bar in the middle of the workday.
“Hey, if I thought you were gonna be some stuck-up rich kid, I’d never have married you,” Dean replied with a brilliant smile, the cheerfulness and teasing in his tone drawing a full-on grin from Castiel. “Why don’t you give me the dime tour of the place, honey?” he drawled, winking at Castiel on the term of endearment.
The car waiting for them at the Kingston station wasn’t a taxi, as it had been back in Kansas City, but rather a late model black Lincoln Towncar. The driver nodded at them, seemingly having recognized Castiel, and took their luggage to store in the trunk, after opening the door for them to slide into the backseat. Dean all at once felt out of place in his jeans and leather jacket, but Castiel seemed completely nonplussed, causing his friend and new spouse to arch an inquisitive eyebrow.
“I don’t get it, Cas,” he finally said. “If you got a stake in this place, why this whole thing we’re doing for the inheritance? Why do you live in a tiny little house, teach junior college, and all that?”
“Castiel! Dear brother, we’re so glad you’ve arrived!” a slim redhead called loudly. She wore a short pleated athletic skirt and white sweater, and was swinging a tennis racket in her hand as she walked, clean white sneakers making no sound as she stepped across the marble floor.
In spite of the unexpected serious tone to the conversation, Castiel realized it was probably all for the best. He didn’t speak much on his family, not the way Dean did, drawing everyone he held dear close to him and holding them there for as long as he could. It was more difficult for Castiel, who had struck out on his own with his parents encouragement, only to lose them far too quickly afterwards.
God knew there were things he had never told Castiel, after all.
He cleared his throat. “My sisters want to have a bonfire tonight, down by the beach house,” he announced.
“If you had just moved over like I suggested-”
“It’s a heparin resistant calcium chloride solution,” Castiel replied, now sporting a full gummy grin. “It’s…  it’s an inside joke… thing. I’ll explain later.”
Michael clapped him on the shoulder as he pulled back and smiled. “Castiel has been telling us about you from the first day you met, Dean,” he said, hands on his hips, pushing back the jacket of his rumpled suit. “Figured we’d get you out here one of these days, and there’s not a chance in the world I’d miss the opportunity to see the guy who made an honest man out of my brother.”
“We could always ask Ruby,” Dean teased, nudging Castiel with his elbow and earning a snap of Jo’s dish towel to the side of his head. “Hey! Watch the hair!” he cried in faux annoyance before busting out into another round of raucous laughter.
He felt his pulse speed up, surprised by such a reaction to someone he had known for what seemed like forever. Opening his mouth to speak, Castiel found he had no words; he watched a Dean watched him, deep green eyes clicking back and forth from Castiel’s own eyes to his lips and then back again. Dean licked his lips, and Castiel couldn’t help but follow the movement, watching a soft pink tongue flick out to wet a pair of plush, plump lips that seemed far too inviting in that moment.
“And mean as a snake,” Anna added, shaking her head. “Dad was already considered one of the ‘poor relations’ so when he married a girl who wasn’t from one of the ‘right families’, they were bottom of the totem pole around here.”
Hael and Anna were in a tizzy, cooing over each photo in the digital album where they sat on a couch across from Dean and Castiel in the small parlor. They asked questions at each one, asking names for the many smiling faces and wanting to know how they were acquainted with Castiel and their new brother in law. When Dean related that Jo and her mother had closed their bar for the day to throw them a surprise reception, Anna had positively beamed.
