“Anderson’s already left! He was out before you got here!”
“You know what I want,” Sherlock repeats. The cigarette feels tantalizing down his lungs. He drags hard from it and extinguishes a solid half. He taps the ash down, the wind carries it away. It’s a very good cigarette.
Disgusting. It almost makes Sherlock want to stop smoking.
In the center of the streets, painted rich gold and ruby under the light of streetlamps and paper lanterns strung high along the telephone wires, the horse-headed woman holds out her hand and one thousand tiny pebbles rain out across the street. Then she flings sand onto the ground, and quashes it into the grout between the stones with her bare toes.
Sherlock grapples at the pebbles beneath him and gets his footing, eyes never leaving the water.
He pulls the mobile from his ear and fiddles with the case in his lap, glancing out the window and away from John. The cityscape rolls by, accompanied by ordinary people on the sidewalk or in the windows of shops, all doing ordinary things. Sherlock squints, and they all become murderers.
The squeal comes again.
Sherlock flinches, taken aback. Is that what John thought? That Moriarty had a hold over
Sometimes, around this time of year, Sherlock will wake in the night and every creak of the shutters will alarm him, make him find the pistol, nicked off Lestrade when he was being exceptionally boring, tucked in his dresser.
Gladstone doesn’t even seem to be trying.
“I am not a bug!” Sherlock glances over at John’s shout, narrowing his eyes as John draws the tiny dagger from his belt, and presses it against his own hand. He makes a face, and sheathes it again, and a moment later, John thrusts his hand up for inspection and the smallest line of red appears.
“I just was thinking you boys might be a bit hungry,” She says, setting down the expertly-painted teapot on the centre of the table. No, no! “Sherlock, I made you a plate, and John,” she sets a gentle hand on his shoulder, very motherly, “It’d be wonderful if you could try this meringue. Sherlock picked up the shopping earlier this week, so he’s not all bad.”
Sherlock sighs, feigning exasperation.
he hears his mother’s voice drift in his ear), abalone shells, broken sand dollars.
Those eyes dart down to Sherlock's mouth, no doubt looking at the split, which has ripped open. They flicker back up.
Without a need to be loud to account for the difference in their sizes anymore, John’s voice, real and comprehensible, sounds pleasing to Sherlock’s trained hearing. It’s masculine and rugged, and softer than Sherlock would have expected. “So long as you don’t keep swanning about.”
“Sherlock, you can’t go.”
It’s a short message, but the lettering isn’t hurried. Moriarty had written purposefully, evident from each cross and dot to the careful lines of his print. This was calculated, thought-out, constructed intricately to convey the most it could to its intended, Sherlock, without really giving away anything at all. Ballpoint pen, thick black ink.
“Toxicology?”
“Do you know any of the fishermen?” Sherlock asks.
never even bares its teeth. It never looks anything more than bored. If Redbeard is acting like this now, frozen with terror, his ears pinned back at the nearness of a tamed water horse, how will he act during the Races?
John ‘It’s-not-obvious-to-me’ Watson.
close enough for Sherlock to shove a boot in the left stirrup, high up on Gladstone’s belly.
The night of the festival arrives, low and rumbling, before its really sunk into Sherlock's mind that he's to partake.
“What are you doing?”
“You think it could’ve been in something else he had that morning?” John reads his mind.
Gladstone’s long face looks like a proper horse’s, but is it that which unsettles Sherlock. He is accustomed to the water horse looking more fish than horse. His jaw is round, legs thick and even, neck muscled like a working pony. Evidently, the charms have made him more pony than ever, but they are what jerk him. Where the bells touch him, he crow-hops away as if whipped, stalling and starting, uncoordinated.
No longer is there the calm horse that first captured Sherlock’s attention at the beaches and on the road by the mill. In its place is a beast that has crawled out of the darkest trenches of the oceans, complete with pearly teeth and drooling mouth.
John blows an easy sigh over Sherlock’s shoulder in sleep.
“Do we have business?” Sherlock says.
Sherlock's coat, John sees barely through his lashes, his heavy armor, lays carelessly half-across a chair, the collar touching the floor. He wears the face of a man who was presently losing the floor beneath his feet. And the shirt of one that had been up for many nights.
It is the horses that linger around the autumn Scorpio sea that are dangerous.
In a few moments, clean-up and the barrage of photographers will come upstairs. Sherlock should be able to hear them coming up the stairs, despite the sturdy structure and the carpeting.
, yes, because he
The spider steps closer, appearing from the dark. Sherlock’s vision adjusts to this lapse in light outside of Skarmouth.
Sherlock points, still typing different combinations of
(See the end of the chapter for
off the cliffs even
, the father, assumingly, with a large amount of money bet on Magnussen’s victory.
The cry comes again. Closer.
“Sherlock, are you sure? Night before the Races?”
here?”
“That's what it looks like. The man’s still got what he ate all over his face. Haven't checked for external markings under the clothes, we’re waiting for photographs. Looks like something chemical, allergic reaction, maybe.” Lestrade gives him the rundown as they leave the back of the bakery. The door swings closed behind them with a quiet squeak of old hinges.
Sherlock shrugs.
Grief obstructs logical thought. “You’re angry.”
“You, there!”
Sherlock sinks down, and turns into his back. He's supported by his quivering elbows, and the sea is whispering
“What did he promise you?” John asks. His voice has lost its edge in his fleeting jealousy and so Moriarty is lured in while John shifts, suddenly uncomfortable.
Happy new year!! Tune in for the next chapter where we may or may not get some classic John and Sherlock running around at night tryna catch a criminal...
Sherlock picks up the leadrope and pulls again, clucking. Redbeard lets out a low whine that keels up into another snort at the end. “You’re being ridiculous,” Sherlock says, and clucks his tongue again, trying to urge the stallion forward and out of the stall. Josephine whinnies in the stall over. He’ll put her out later - could she stay put and content for a moment while he figures this Redbeard business out? No horse puts on more theatrics than Redbeard.
. I was told that you may be with John, and Mr Moriarty asked me if I may deliver this to you tonight.”
She's right, of course, as Sherlock is loathe to admit even to himself. He can't promise he won't get hurt.
And then pieces click into place. “You shot him.”
when I tell you that?”
and that Gladstone and John are the patient outliers in an ocean of madness.
His gaze flits around the room, taking in the small details, craving memorization. Notebooks, one blue, the kettle on the stove, the chest of clothes at the door,
He’s said it wrong - he’s extended his hand the wrong way, stuttered, messed up the order of the words, he’s done something wrong, but Irene would tell him, wouldn't she?
The sitting room disappears. It's as though the sofa is the only thing in existence. He wouldn't be surprised if that was truth.
Sherlock sticks the top back on a jar full of plastic straw wrappers, replacing it on an immaculate marble countertop.
“Yeah, a bit. Come on, I’ll make tea.”
“Get off this beach, Holmes!” The rider snarls.
“I'm afraid I said too much while we waited for the ambulance. Do you remember that you—” the voice breaks off. John recalls nothing.
He does not think of Anderson’s words.
But he has enough to be a glutton and purchase a November cake on his way to the beaches through Skarmouth. The bakery is mostly empty, and there's a pair of tourists sitting at the round table by the door, a map of Thisby sprawled between them. They're talking quietly and pointing out locations they'd like to visit. Sherlock resists a roll of his eyes, because everything they're thinking of doing is stupid, and they're acting as if the only interesting thing to do on Thisby has to do with the Races. Don't they know about the high rate of gambling circles, murder, and intrigue?
Sherlock stops.
that chased him, and then he pictures Mary. Mary is a long face and narrow mouth in his head, with slick shoulders and a breath that stinks with the sweetness of dead things.
Janine quirks a cleverly plucked eyebrow.
The wind is blowing hard, brisk as the sky is bright. Redbeard’s warm body shifts beneath him, tilting him in the tight saddle. On his left is the endless stretch of open water, to his right is the ever-shifting line of
“Mm. It was.”
“Last time there weren’t any murder weapons. Cause of death as exsanguination and type and area of the wounds is what connected all the old ones and last week’s together. You were right to notice that connection. This time, there’s definitely a weapon. Not sure if he was interrupted or rushed, like you said, but he left it.”
There’s a large outcropping of rocks a few furlongs away, and smaller mounds scattered around, hazardous, half-hidden by hillocks. It always smells more like fish up here.
Out in the pasture, John and the monger both lean on the fence. John doesn’t really care if his posture makes him look unprofessional, his mind is on other things, of when he’ll get to the racing cliffs tomorrow, what to bring, who he’s going to go see. His ears warm against the low wind, him silent and watching the horses, and the American talking about boating nonsense freely. He says something in particular and so John turns. There shouldn’t be thoughts about Sherlock Holmes when he’s here. It’s as if Moriarty is in his head, he can almost feel the man prodding his mind whenever he’s working.
They push through the next door, which squeaks on its hinges, a sign of how old the entire town is, even the most ‘modern’ of its structures. Inside the corridor hang more pictures, and the last door on the left is the notary’s room. Sherlock frowns, thinking of Anderson and his sea wish.
Sherlock tracks the grooves of John’s scar, drawing his fingers into the dips of mended tissue, committing their pattern to memory.
Others, much larger, and much more like the water horse in Watson’s hold, do not look at him, do not see him, do nothing but rumble lowly from the corner of their stalls, something that vibrates the flooring, and rub their manes off on the side of the iron bars of their door. Their door, which is never open, always locked.
Sherlock knows what sex can do to people.
He will learn everything he can from the room, and then he will learn everything he can from the spider.
Sherlock‘s knee jerks, just shy of hitting the underside of the table. He pretends to be sifting through papers and very attentive, so he is spared from speaking. After he spent such a time telling her that wasn’t what was going on, she treats him like this?
“John,” Sherlock says, pressed, without looking at the champion. Clearly thinking there is some urgency, John sits and pulls his arms through the sleeves of his jacket, crinkling the old, abused fabric.
He clutches them, as if they were prayer beads and he a religious man. They’re warm. Solid. Real. He shouldn’t be doing this.
“I won’t only graze you again. I promise,” John repeats. His voice is brilliantly even.
When Sherlock was young, when he was driven to the small school in Skarmouth, the car would occasionally swerve to avoid a carcass, draped over the low stone walls on either sides of the road. The evidence of a water horse meeting an island pony, still bleeding out on the packed earth.
The wind blows John’s hair askew, throwing short strands back from his face. He holds tighter to the paper, for fear of the island stealing it.
(See the end of the chapter for
John--” Sherlock fists a hand in John’s hair.
“Do you even know what this is?”
where they go when they do.”
Like Sherlock noted before. This murder was
Sherlock grunts.
“Hello, boys, what can I do for you? You sure picked a helluva night to come out…”
sword. Not on fighting swords, and that’s what was peculiar.”
If John is what he says he is, then he will become essential.
He’d been playing, that was, until Redbeard had picked his head up from his expensive flakes of hay on the poor grass down by his hooves and pricked his short ears, glaring into the distance. They're just outside the stables, lounging around after a cold day of sprints and breaks on the green cliff pastures. Since they've come back, a thin haze has settled over Thisby in the evening light. Usually, the wind on this side of the island would chase it away and send it to Skarmouth, the mill, and the Stockyard, but now, it is oddly hushed, and the land is still.
“John, you cannot
to get to?”
,” comes the light-hearted, mocking voice. Moriarty hates the French. Loves their money.
the note reads,
Sherlock looks down, too, even as Watson opens his mouth, “I’ll speak for him,” he bites out. His voice is pitched low, curling around like the smoke in Sherlock’s throat, yet strong enough to combat the murmur of the crowd. Tourists are looking for confirmation that this is the returning champion, whispering to each other. “This island runs on courage. Not on the
The blonde mare tosses her head back, wailing like the dead, and Sherlock can see both sets of teeth, hers and the man’s with whom she struggles, bared. But only one set is bloody and frothing. People grow closer, trying to help, shoving around him, and the mare’s hooves pound against the sand, prancing and charging and galloping without moving an inch.
“Clever,
“I want Redbeard, the house, and to know of Mycroft,” Sherlock says, sliding on his coat.
“You’ll take the car,” Sherlock instructs, holding out the keys for her. He thinks for a moment. Has he ever seen her in the Ford? “Do you know how to drive?”
Watson’s shoulders bunch up and shudder with laughter, hidden under his breath. Sherlock purses his lips, and continues his work at scratching Redbeard’s shoulder to calm his stallion down.
Sherlock hums, “After all, it assumes we can do any good for each other. Seeing how that’s turned out for you, I’m not certain Thisby favors you, anymore.”
The sound of the hallway-foyer door.
Replaceable.
bone. Exposure to seawater versus freshwater. Results have been.. Naught. His theories on the bones themselves shifting versus just the flesh and skin of the horses when they are fresh from the sea or return to it have not been proven one way or the other. And to think that this is how he spends his free time.
Unsure of what the champion means, Sherlock looks back to him, silhouetted by the tumultuous ocean while facing Skarmouth’s folksy frontier.
Shakespeare? Forbidden lovers, who must speak through a wall in secrecy? Christ, what do they teach you in these schools?”
Even the backsides of Thisby are beautiful.
“Nevermind, nope. Death by strychnine poisoning comes from asphyxiation after the constriction of neural pathways that control breathing, or from exhaustion from seizures and convulsions, so…” There weren’t any signs of the man having seized, so, cyanide was out, too. He waves his hand to clear away the symptoms that someone with arsenic poisoning might’ve gone through.
He does, however, believe in a quiet place to think.
The churchgoer is talking to a figure in the darkness.
Sherlock shoves the papers onto the dashboard, spreading them out to prevent more bleeding of the ink. The developed photographs are fine, it seems, but there’s no light in the car to see them by.
Slowly, he shakes his head. When John still looks concerned, he says sternly, “No.”
A rider dies and his
“I know,” Sherlock says, defensively.
be damned.
that can’t part with
"Neither have I. This changes nothing."
“But you’ve been disproving an awful lot of rules lately, haven’t you?”
For a moment of island quiet, Sherlock begins to wonder whether John has a sudden migraine, leaning closer with concern, but then John keeps talking, ripping his hand from his face and not looking at Sherlock. “I feel… guided. I feel like I’ve been guided to you.”
Redbeard flicks his tail, and the wispy hairs thwap against Sherlock’s trousers. The horse dips his head, pulling on the reins good-heartedly.
John tilts his face up to kiss him and pants into his mouth. “Relax,” John says quietly, “we don’t have to…”
It’s something that holds Sherlock over as they lose, racing past the outcropping after Watson.
”), who purchased the assets upon the discovery that Moriarty had left no plan for his death. Apparently, he never thought he’d die, or he wanted utter chaos following said death.
tries to stare down Gladstone. It’s a horrendous mistake, because the mountainous black champion wrinkles back his rotting lips, flashing yellowed teeth. A low, guttural sound made in Gladstone’s throat splinters the fizzling air.
“I’ll give you some of mine.”
Sherlock pauses. Should he mention Gladstone? John wouldn’t puzzle out where he’d gone in the middle of the night, nor that he left at all, he isn’t the suspicious type, but Sherlock cannot shake the uneasy feeling that being dishonest with John gives him.
on the beach are all littered and draped in bells, tassels, and flower petals.
“You know him.” Sherlock says.
The dust in here tickles his nose.
Sherlock blinks, stunned into silence. His ears ring, his mind draws blankly on how to respond, the world inert, the pain in his leg fading to the sudden, desperate ache in his ribs. “John.”
One of her only abnormalities, giving away her lineage, are the long, waving strands of hair, like a mane, traveling up from the pastern of her foot to the back of the cannon of her leg. It’s hair just as white as she is. To some, she could be as dreamy as a unicorn, prancing on long thin legs with a slim chest.
him. He was tired of you and wanted my attention. It’s my fault he’s...”
Sherlock looks at him strangely. He furrows his brow. “What are you talking about?”
Huffing, Redbeard turns and walks a few feet away from the edge, tracking with it. His neck bobs up and down as he goes.
Sherlock makes large and theatrical gestures for John’s enjoyment as he explains while they walk back around Saint Columba’s to find Gladstone. Gladstone's head is already lengthened, neck extended as he watches them approach. John clucks softly to him, and Gladstone’s tension eases.
“Right,” Is the reply, “‘S’not like it's real wish, anyway.”
What’s the point of that?
One more glance to the stack of thickly bound books. Has this table always been in this hallway? It doesn’t really matter, Moriarty can move any book any way he likes. John pushes into the office without another thought.
If you have a tumblr, reboot the post! https://fourthvvall.tumblr.com/post/185020770004/the-castle-in-the-flat-by-hardlyfair-the-castle-is
). He has one hand on the charmed halter and another on midsection of the leadrope, keeping tight hold on the mare.
Such a statement is too tantalizing to ignore.
Sherlock petulantly stares out the other window, as if John were riding only in the seat beside him. In his head, he composes petty texts to Mycroft.
They climb into the car, after Sherlock has opened the finicky driver’s side for John. Sometimes the handle does not click in enough to pop open, and then he enters the passenger's. It’s a very low car, Mrs Hudson’s husband used to own it as something muscly and showy for his cartel members. It’s funny how all Sherlock uses it for now is the shopping and in place of Redbeard on cold or dangerous nights.
To have a hold on Gladstone is to have a hold over John, to own John is to own Sherlock. He knows that, now. Sherlock should’ve realized it all sooner. Perhaps in that case, he could have manipulated Moriarty’s beliefs to his own advantage. There is no hope for such a thing, it’s too late for that now. Sherlock must play the hand he has been dealt.
“I won’t bother asking what it does,” John distracts him from his musings. “I know that you are too clever to be explaining it.” Little pads of pressure hit the dip of Sherlock’s clavicle. This position is nearly intimate.
this way. The thrum of the chase flooding through his veins and muscles. The symbolic tearing apart of people’s lives. But he'd prefer not to be on the other side of either assault.
“I've been watching the horses on land for years, Moriarty's horses, and the other ones,” John says. “These Races are going to be different, and not just because an island horse and his master are riding.”
It's exhilarating. It's terrifying.
Sherlock nods. Fifths will get him the blonde mare for free upfront, but four-fifths of the prize money will go to the bowler hat standing before him now. There's not much money anywhere but first place. Still, even a fifth of that could pay off Mrs Hudson’s house and get Sherlock to the mainland, several times over.
“Everyone’s got a
Thrilled, Sherlock continues, “But the lipstick wasn't a purposeful cover. I doubt it was a rash at all, but perhaps a sore of some sort, indicating a weakened or sick immune system. If he was ill,” he says decisively, “there would be much less poison required to kill him.”
“I think it's just him. He's got one foot in the ocean and one on the land. No one knows the water horses better than him. He's the one to beat.” Stamford speaks with a touch of fondness, and something a little too knowledgeable.
Sherlock lets him, standing even and still with his back to the cliffs, ocean blowing in his coat from behind, rain throwing his hair.
Putting more pressure on Sherlock's face, John pulls him in again, stopping just before they touch. Again; they are so close without touching. Sherlock is melting. Whatever temperature John’s perfect hand is in his, that’s his melting point. Sherlock carefully slides his own palm over John’s jacket, resting on his bicep, which he squeezes through the salt-caked material.
Gladstone clacks his teeth, breath rattling.
“Could you believe how bad it is this year, Sherlock? Seven men, dead since the festival…”
Silence among the barn people sprinkling flowers - the terns peep above, relentless with their mating games even though a man has just died.
Five days until the Races.
Oh, there's that voice. The little wobble in it. Sherlock’s upset her. His brow creases, confused as ever at the open display of emotion. She places her wrinkled hand on his. His throat tightens inexplicably. Must be the uncomfortable warmth of the room.
“I asked about
Where are the papers? There! He snags a waterlogged paper, and another, and another. The photographs, printed on heavier stock, are floating, too, though wet. Each movement is sounded with the slush of water as he splashes frantically to find all of his evidence.
That alone must be the reason for his thoughts, he’s sure. And then he’s not sure, because Henry’s face, hesitant and non-angular, up against the grey sky above him, doesn’t evoke anything within him at all. He pictures a sharper nose, cheekbones that could cut even Thisby’s wind, and dark raven’s hair.
“Sherlock,” John groans, pitching forward once more, the deepest push yet, and stilling.
He should be in Skarmouth, or Tholla, running between buildings and around alleyways, over skips and beneath broken fences in pursuit of the rush that comes in times of high need, listening to the festival grow louder.
“She can't afford to keep me around. I could take every job on the island, John, and I couldn't make the payments for her.”
Another gunshot. Redbeard’s legs continue their difficult rush forwards after a near-trip. The rain rips at Sherlock’s cheeks, turning them redder and more raw, until they feel like pricks of ice, stabbing at his face.
“I’m a veterinarian,” John finally says. As if Sherlock didn’t already know. “Not a repairman.”
Grief begins to clog his throat - he shouldn't be like this. John is only late.
It’s so…
The man drops the cigar, and crushes it into the sand.
Sherlock glares. “Nothing for 18 years and suddenly two in a week. He’s rushed - but not on a spree, there’s too much space between victims, too much planning. He knows you’ve connected the murder last week to the old ones. He’s rushed, and so he’ll make a mistake.”
He remembers Mycroft’s letter.
It’s Sherlock’s turn to look surprised. “No. I observed.”
It makes him clench his teeth together, grinding his molars like Gladstone does. God, he needs to stop doing this so often. Forget Sherlock, draw the conversation from him. Why was he spoken of at all? What’s the point? What’s the game?
The Ford is out of petrol somewhere a mile down the road. He should've checked it before driving into town. Idiot. No matter, they’ll retrieve it tonight and Musgrave will have her bed once again, Sherlock decides, fixing an empty canister of petrol to the back of Redbeard’s saddle.
“No,” Sherlock says, “no more than anyone else does, anyways. And I wasn't waiting for anyone, so you can sit down.” That was obviously what was troubling John. Sherlock’s eyes drop to the glasses by John’s strong, weathered hands. He’s more drooling at those than at the beers.
He swallows, throat tighter than before. Pricking at his waterline is some base emotion. Worry, perhaps concern. He turns his head, but cannot spot John again.
The wind carries the foreboding scent of heavy thunder, making the horses all restless. Not a sound is heard. Not until the first few drops of water drip from the dark, dampened clouds above. Sherlock half-turns his face, checking to see if there's room for Redbeard to move, in case the other men make a move and the red horse is alarmed and moves suddenly backwards. There's a few scant inches between Redbeard and the edges. Sherlock pulls the reins, and Redbeard, nearly petrified, forcibly leans away from the cliff.
“You’re the one who should be concerned with all of this rubbish,” Mrs Hudson announces after a lengthy pause, then turns to smash some plate in the sink and turn on the tap. Her arms work furiously as she washes something with frustrated resolve. “You’re the one who’s-- who’s racing.”
This may very well be the strategy. To rile Sherlock up, hurt his horse, the only real constant in his life, and that will be excuse enough.
Mrs Hudson’s house will remain on the east end of Thisby, with its motherly occupant intact and decorating ornate cups, saucers, and teapots, for years to come. She’ll keep trying to make Sherlock take Musgrave, and he’ll keep refusing, which means she’ll keep visiting. Her screen doors will continue getting blown in.
“No water horse would do this?”
Lestrade looks wearily at them both. Then, back inside the station, where the cold is seeping in. He seems less than a minute away from dragging them both in by their bootstraps and questioning until the sun has risen. However, Sherlock can tell by his outfit, the short coat and vest, his riding trousers, that he does long to be on the racing beaches come early morning with his
all the mongers say,
A white flash catches his attention.
the festival?”
John reaches high up to pat Gladstone’s neck, where his white mane lies in seven flat braids. John’s hand comes away wet with salt-slick, but he touches Sherlock’s face lovingly with it anyways. Sherlock scoffs and wipes the
coming up. Whaling would make them very wealthy, although they would hide it.”
“I’ve Redbeard,” Sherlock says, staring right back at the wet eye. “I can’t switch mounts.”
Redbeard knocks his nose on his stall door, snorting. His ears prick forwards, no doubt wondering where Sherlock has been. Not working him today, or yesterday, will be good. He will have had plenty of time to rest before the Races tomorrow morning, and none of his earned stamina will have faded.
like this, but still. Shouldn’t be bleeding all over the flat.
John hums and smiles in a filthy way. “
“You get all your money from your brother, love, and he hasn't been sending anything lately - that's why you’re so worked up over him,” Sherlock opens his mouth to argue, but Mrs Hudson goes on, “And the people on Thisby, well, we aren't the most wealthy…”
I’ve started my summer job again so that’s taking up a lot of my time, but tune in next chapter for some water horse content (fun) and (finally) some romance!
The tender pull on his hair, bordering on a tug, astounds Sherlock. It’s perfect, a chilling reminder of the power of John’s hands and of John’s choice to be soft. His scalp tingles, John scraping lightly behind his ear. His skin in thrumming all over with fussy energy, nearly numb in the spots where John kisses him, where John’s knee stimulates him.
“Ha, hey, ouch, here,” John says, tipping his head up. Sherlock’s hands slide to John’s shoulders, where his grip softens and the edge of his fingers brush John’s scar delicately. John’s blissful strokes pull from base to tip, and Sherlock strains, hips unable to buck up with John atop him, pinned in place.
“And handsome.”
It's exactly what she said when Sherlock had come in to put his and Redbeard’s name on the blackboard. Undermining him then had been irritating, but now that John’s right next to him, leaning back in his stool and seeming tense, it's nakedly embarrassing.
All the waves crash and kick together, flinging white seafoam into the air before sliding back to one flat plain of water. If it were night, or if it were cloudier, he may not see any horses that pull themselves up from the ocean on this side of the island. These ones would be all hard rock and crashing tide, all blunt teeth and hungry eyes.
Sherlock holds up the planner to his face, ignoring the brash highlighter colours and the glittery pen in underline. He places it on the surface for John to see and points delicately to a location penciled in graphite at the edge of the paper, on the margin. A quick note to herself, meant to be erased and penned in later, a location matching to other notices in the planner. She's been there before.
Lestrade is quiet for a long moment, everyone is. Even Donovan. Good, that last one.
than a day. This person could be off of Thisby and at the mainland cities by now.”
John’s preparation was enough to keep the sensation of his cock sliding in from being painful, but it’s still strange, foreign and an unusual stretch, up until the point where John bottoms out. He grinds into Sherlock for good measure, then pulls back a few inches and thrusts in again.
It’s here, climbing down the slopes and leaning back to carefully stay away from the water, that it strikes Sherlock, what John could be showing him. He hasn’t any idea, and that is what worries him.
More smoke. “Johnny.”
before they run. The way his hand does not shake, and his leg does not hurt.
The firelight, and Sherlock’s angle, makes a quarter of Watson’s face light up from the bonfire, but the rest of his clothes are shadowed. The bonfire has spread to near the back of the rock, licking at the base of it. Adler slices Watson’s finger. Sherlock has drifted closer, and can see the drops of blood, with a small spark of light caught by the bonfire, fall to the surface of the rock and meet the sheep’s blood, pooled in a shallow dip in the rock.
Redbeard obediently allows Sherlock to fix the bridle and bit into place over his head and in his mouth. Sherlock keeps waiting for something bad to happen to the stallion, because he's too fond of him.
John turns back around, crossing his arms and tucking his fingers against his waistcoat. “This is illegal,” he comments. Still, he watches out, as Sherlock instructed.
“Oh, no. Terrible.” Sherlock agrees. He didn’t know the man.
Sherlock scoffs. “Gladstone’s manure could keep anything away.”
whose pupils draw back to stare at him. The long nostrils twitch and flutter. Sherlock knows they are breathing in his and Redbeard’s scent. He can smell the water horse, too, all fish and high ocean tide.
Beryl had done the same thing, when she was attacked, pitifully dragging her mouth to taste the salt in the air like she never would again. The wind comes in again smelling of the birds in the barn and deep ocean brine. John needs to go to the sea. The cliffs tomorrow should ease his mind, bring some sense of clarity he cannot grasp here.
John eyes him. “Some will come up. It's a matter of where on the island they’ll come up.”
Plenty of people experience such an emotion when they come into contact with a water horse. Even Sherlock does. Again, the envelope draws all focus, and he is unable to continue on unhappily about Henry Knight. It doesn’t matter, anyway, it’s insignificant, not important, and he doesn’t care.
Sherlock still stares.
Sherlock pushes the curtains aside.
An enigma of a man, soft and firm, modest and renowned. Troubled, like the seething ocean.
“I told you not to move anything--!”
“Do you...? Understand?”
It has to be tonight.
Sherlock quips to John, “It seems everyone is after you, tonight.”
“The next bit’s easy, you know it already,” Sherlock raises a hand and points at the watch face.
John had put his hands up, helpless.
Coins, a pocketwatch, an old patch of a company logo, pocket dust. And the yellowed envelope.
John chuckles. Sherlock wants to press his face into John's neck and listen to that sound again, feel the words vibrate. He can't, like this. And he won't. Just because…
“What was wrong with that mare?” Sherlock asks that evening, after they spent the remainder of the day on top of the high chalk cliffs, making observations and notes.
“Please,” Sherlock manages, his voice only slightly louder than a rush of breath that comes with it, sweeping away the words like the winds on the beach. The
Among the shine of lab light against the abdominal wall and part of the stomach lining, there is a small amount of half-digested food. Without asking, just as impatient, John stands to retrieve the rest of the papers, all half-dry.
Moriarty waves them over.
“God, I’m sorry, I feel like I’ve been restraining myself for a century.”
Sherlock blinks, and sits up.
“Give me
Really, he should’ve donated the thing to a blasted charity shop. After this case, he could likely convince Lestrade to pick it up again.
His hair is fair, tucked beneath the cap and hood he wears, and his clothes, all dark, are crumpled after having been exposed to the cold and wind.
the kettle. Because he’s just turned it on, and this sound came from the sitting room.
The rain hits Sherlock again, wetting him to the bone. The towel around his waist threatens to slip, and he tucks in the edge once more. How can he help? With the scream as loud as it is, he cannot hear the thoughts in his own head. John keeps walking, though, John must have a plan. Has something like this happened before? The comment about Gladstone’s manure - is this some tactic based around that theory? What good will this do now?
“Dresses in women’s clothing, puts on makeup late at night, Lestrade, there are subcultures on this island that even you aren't aware of, the horses aren't the only thing people come to Thisby for,” Sherlock begins to rattle on, gaining speed now, “we’ve a wonderful subterranean community. The man was ill, not only did he have lipstick, he had a rash by his mouth, or he was covering something by the side of his lips,” Sherlock makes a frantic gesture to his bottom lip, and John watches him do it.
It’s hypnotic, and it's no wonder Sherlock doesn’t see the capall uisce until it's upon them.
“It does,” John snaps. “It does matter. Of course, yes, it matters. It all matters, because he’s doing this to get to you.” He shakes his head, surveys the aisle, and takes Sherlock’s hand, fitting his fingers between Sherlock’s, forcing Sherlock to step closer. John tips his head back to look up at him as they lean together.
“It was her sons funeral,
John clearly
How terrifying it must be for someone to be here while a water horse shares the same space. He can imagine it now; standing on the ridge that is just over his head, back against the rock, the tide creeping around the pillars and the cave, coming to wash at his feet. And the sudden sounds of kittens mewling, babies crying, a whale song from underwater, emanating from only lengths away. The way it would pound in the ear and reverberate in the lungs...
Sherlock knows more. The saddest thing in the world is an obvious fact, missed and ignored by the masses. He can tell what people ate for breakfast, their pets left alone on the mainland, their source of generational wealth and income, and all of it is useless, because nothing extraordinary happens on Thisby, in Sherlock’s opinion.
mean for this to be a one-off… he’s going to convey how stupid he is - how utterly in love he is. To lie is to ensure this never happens again, but to be honest is to endanger himself.
They speak, but neither mentions the events of last night in the sitting room.
“Sherlock,” John pleads.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock stood for a moment, gloves sticking out of his pocket, and glowing mobile in his hands. He frowned pointedly.
“I’m fine,” Sherlock assures through quaking teeth. Ugh. They start down the alleyways they had run through only a handful of minutes before, scenting the sea on the oncoming winds. Was it this cold before?
Sherlock swallows. “Redbeard.”
Everything is backlit by the setting sun. Shadows form long dark spots behind them, and the island is thrown into shades of turbulent orange and hungry yellow. Dark amber, tiger, and clay all twist and create shadows all their own, turning the saltgrass from tired hay to ablaze in cider brown.
Sherlock stares at him.
This is illogical. This is dangerous.
He hadn’t realized he’d been idling. He obeys, and then John is removing his hand from his back, shifting away from him and Sherlock wonders if his knees will actually give out. John crosses the room in barely two strides.
! I’ll follow the rules I was given,” Sherlock snarls, leaning closer to Hope, nearly nose-to-nose, his eyes bright with fury. “I’m not following something unwritten. Especially not something purported by someone as foolish as you.”
Able to crack his eyes open enough for them to burn with the bright light in the room, John catches sight of a dark head of hair. Then, nothing else. He goes back under.
“John!” Sherlock calls, lifting his head. The salt is in his eyes, and he squints, seeing the light but no John. “The ladder?”
A furtive look around the sitting room - she would surely snap at him for looking through John’s things. But again, he wouldn’t have left it here if it was so terrible a thing for Sherlock to look at. She’s gone, he remembers.
"Mm."
Tourists begin to spill into Thisby. Their ferries will arrive and they will bustle away from the ocean as quickly as their fat legs could carry them to their inn. Their golden pocket watches will undeniably rust here, under the influence of the salty winds - if they don’t get stolen, first. Sherlock doesn’t know why they bother bringing them in the pockets of their waistcoats. Gold chains hang from their necks or earlobes, and diamonds shine as bright as the sun on water on their wrists. It is always easy to find a tourist, as it’s not inexpensive to visit Thisby.
Wind lifts Sherlock's dark fringe from his forehead, and it pulls all sound away from his ears, so the activities and the haggling behind him are nothing more than bird cries.
“I’m the king
Lestrade, having shadowed Sherlock's prowl dutifully, clears his throat when they return to the kitchen lino. "You want to take a look at the actual scene, now?"
“Not you?”
God, just
“The murderer is a man with a grey cat. He’s an antiques collector, possibly antiques
They pass rooms, some doors open, others closed to their eyes, full of dusty crates, or desks and lamps and paperwork. The break room’s door is open, an unused stove and few tables sitting together in darkness, with an old newspaper edition atop a curved chair. Sherlock vividly remembers purposefully irritating Lestrade in all of these rooms, even the holding cells somewhere around the back of the building.
“Oh, Epona, Mrs Hudson—”
Sherlock spins on his heel and begins to walk away. It’s barely noon, the sun is weak and feeble and maybe Lestrade could drive him back to Mrs Hudson’s property in that ugly cruiser of his like he did on their way here, Sherlock could get Redbeard and he could go to the rocky cliffs, and John would be there, and Sherlock could apologize and--
The water horse jerks forward, barely lifting a knee before it’s ten feet away. Redbeard is still as a statue, only his ears twitch at the increased distance.
“Shut up, you don’t always have to be right.”
John sighs. His biceps bulge beautifully beneath the rolled-up sleeves of his red flannel. “I thought I’d be old by the time I used it, too. We would have been a matching pair, the house and I.”
He lets John lean away, but just barely, his heavy cock slipping from Sherlock’s grip. The two fingers return with no small warning, drenched in viscous slick, and Sherlock arches his back when they seek out the spot inside of him immediately and without hesitation. John’s wrist curves to follow his movement. John is thorough and practiced, grazing and making Sherlock’s cock impossibly harder.
“I am the island Freak, John. You had spent so much time with me, I thought I was confused. I wasn’t. I told him if he cut a deal with you, I would race, I wouldn’t withdraw at any point. He wanted to see my face when you were killed. He thought you weren't important, but you
But John doesn’t need showing. “I know. They were right, but that was the only thing they were right about. Yesterday morning, when I was looking for you at the station. Donovan…”
Then Watson’s expression turns away, and Sherlock is stuck staring at the back of his head as he makes his way towards the black stallion.
Two weeks ago, Sherlock Holmes began to worry.
Sherlock fixes his hair to dodge the question. Product would benefit it at this moment. It doesn't look good at all - how could John stand to sit in the bakery and eat breakfast with him while he looked like this? “I'm training tomorrow. I'm supposed to be today, as well, but,” he glares at Lestrade with purpose and long enough that the man catches him, “it must wait.”
The stallion jerks its head, as if affronted, pulling on the reins in Sherlock’s iron grip.
“You’re some drivel from Mycroft’s office, although there is a four-percent chance that you’re MI6, as you’re dreadfully committed and seemingly physically qualified for this intel mission that my brother has sicced on me…”
“No, it wasn’t you. Sherlock, look at me.” John waits until Sherlock sniffs and looks up. The rain batters them, tracking water and tears down Sherlock’s cheek. “He didn’t have to stand there. Sherlock, Gladstone kept me alive. But that’s all - he was a placeholder. I was waiting for you.”
“Once upon a time,” Muses Sherlock. John, ever the good man, clearly disapproves. Thankfully, he doesn't berate him. Sherlock hums gratefully as John's body steadily loses its tense edge. He’s become quite comfortable.
His feet skid over wet pavement, but he catches his balance, crushing paper cups and bakery or deli packaging as he pursues the shadow of the man down a back alley. If he knew where this damn man was headed, he could cut him off!
“Oh,” Sherlock blinks.
Featuring a case, magic, castles, a knight, and romance. the best combination.
the man with the broken watch and scarred shoulder and bad leg. Someone who never truly came back out of the suicide caves the same as when he ventured into them.
“Mind your damned feet!” Someone holding a roan horse yells at him. Sherlock startles, and looks down, to where he's scuffed the outline of a circle in the sand. When he tries to bend and redraw it, the man shouts, brisk, “Nevermind!” The roan horse tugs toward the break in the circle as Sherlock leaves.
Sherlock folds his hands together, touching the tips of his frozen fingers to his chin in thought.
“She was mad. Put me in a well. I dreamt you had a friend when you were a kid, too.” John doesn't quite know if rainbows count as flying normally, since they're already in the sky, but he's not going to point it out.
Sherlock would like to sit across from John and marvel at his face, but the day is clear and bright and, true to Thisby weather, rain could be around any corner. Best to get the most out of their last day. They should go back outside. Sherlock needs to see Redbeard still, and retrieve the Ford from the back of the pub. Separation from John does not appeal in the slightest, especially after Sherlock spent all day and night with the man.
for his words to come off so intensely indecent, but they impact Sherlock regardless. John has a penchant for surprises, it has become obvious, with his actions and his proclivity to impress Sherlock beyond measure.
Final chapter is written and will be posted soon! good luck reading, leave a comment! :)
A hundred memories course through Sherlock. He hadn’t forgotten a thing, but he was too stupid, too hung up on emotions and fear and love that he couldn’t see. Blind. Right there, on Molly Hooper’s front desk. Right there, on the hide of the white mare, right there on Mary’s flank. A blooming purple flower to end horses and humans, a bleeding sigil to do just the same.
Sherlock believes him, and turns his head to watch out the front window. If a
Without thinking, Sherlock draws Redbeard fully flush to the attacker, and reaches between the massive pumping bodies to loosen the girth strap as the serpentine skull of the
Gladstone’s mouth wrinkles back, revealing flat teeth. He pushes against Hope’s shoulder again.
Finally, Gladstone starts responding to John’s prompts. He starts with a cluck, something like the piebald, and then groans, deep in his throat. Sherlock can hear this noise in his feet, from the back of his heels to the front of his toes - the way a wave is sucked back into the water. His keening slowly rises in pitch, unbroken, and the horses in the stable, unheard until now, begin whinnying loudly. Men are shouting, but the higher Gladstone’s roar rises, the less perceptible the shouts and whinnies become.
John watches him stride away, all confidence in that soaking wet suit. He says to Sherlock, without clarification, “I’m not sure if I believe him.”
Fanciful thinking. Both ways. How could he possibly hope to win?
They’re pushing them back with iron poles, now, commanding these restless water horses to line up. Some
“You must be tired,” he says with the implication of disguised pride, fitting his ankle between Sherlock’s shins.
What does he think of the taxidermy bat in the shadowbox on the wall, or Billy on the mantelpiece over the ashy hearth? What does he think of the chairs and the paintings and the wallpaper?
About 12? Really!
. Oh.
Sherlock looked to Mycroft.
Redbeard whuffs, sending snot over the grasses. He had better not be getting ill. After all, Sherlock will be racing no matter what, now that Moriarty has commended it. It’s that, or John won’t be able to buy Gladstone if, or, when, rather, he wins. Convinced Moriarty will use any excuse to stop John from leaving his sphere of influence, Sherlock sneers. What a pesky fly. What a smart, clever pesky fly.
“No.” Sherlock says quietly.
the ocean soothes.
“Has he, now?”
Sherlock says, “But that’s not why you race. You don't care about who you beat.” He furrows his brow, squinting against the air. Truly, it doesn't matter who Watson beats, because he'll beat everyone, anyways.
lying! I was afraid Moriarty would do something to him, and I loved him, and I didn’t want anything to happen to him. And I was right, look at Beryl,” John exclaims, “She is just as gone as he is. But you’re here - you’re all that I wanted at the end. You’re all that I needed - you are every wish I could make.”
The rider stands, leaving Sherlock sat in the wet sand alone, the surf shoving at his feet and calves rhythmically.
Sherlock manages to crawl from the burrow of duvets, pulling a deep purple one over his shoulders as he shuffles to the door. Hair a tousled mess, tired and limp from the briny wind and a missing bath, Lestrade is the one to greet him.
“Then don’t let Mrs Hudson let me in this time. Ta, boys.” Lestrade touches his forehead, and waves a hand at the pair of them. A few men bump into him on the way back to the door, and Lestrade only gives them space, exasperated. Half of his weariness is likely from his interactions with Sherlock tonight.
“It’s nothing.”
The men on the beach are confused, Sherlock can feel their idiocy saturating the damp air. Redbeard must be accustomed to the sea and learn not to fear it if they're to have any chance in the Races come the first of November.
“Then it’s a deliberate clue.”
Lestrade nods. He points at Sherlock with his mobile (so he does still own it), already turning to go. “I’ll text you the address.”
Obvious, but utterly groundshaking in its deviation from the lowy, boring standard of crime on Thisby. Gambling isn’t even illegal, like it just became on the mainland. There’s too much of an economic angle on the riders of the Races. Besides, even if it was outlawed, it would continue, and everyone would keep doing it.
“No, I’m— John.” Sherlock sends a glance to the champion rider.
Redbeard does not hunger. Not like the
Then, there is a flash of bright light outside the window, followed immediately by a shaking, quaking, monstrous roar of thunder, and Sherlock flinches with the severity of it. He shivers afterwards, because water is sliding its way down the back of his neck from his hair. He should've let John dry it more thoroughly.
Moriarty.
Big chapter update guys so sorry for the length and all the reading you now have to do, but yay an update! Comment if you enjoyed!
She snorts, nostrils flaring wide. He can see red in them, the tired sun catching on her furious wet eyes. She’s restless, Sherlock notices, as he keeps close to the cliff sides where others shelter, never stilling. Her opalescent hooves dance in the sand, her white and yellow mane flings from side to side when she shakes or tosses her head. Wouldn't she be a beautiful specimen? Her legs are long, her mane tightly braided, her ears straining forward - she must be fast enough to win the Races. Surely he can convince her monger to let him watch her run.
“It's a bit right,” The man on the writhing chestnut says, “Down on the beach, they say you could look like a girl from behind. All that hair.”
Who was Lestrade to judge what was normal to have in a pocket? Sherlock asks him so, and Lestrade groans in answer, saying something about not wanting to know what Sherlock kept in his pockets at any given time, as he turns to lead the pair of them to the evidence locker. Sherlock doesn’t exactly need to be led, he’s been in there countless times, sometimes with Lestrade and sometimes separate of him, but he follows to appease the older man.
“That I’m a liar? Or that you were with me this morning?”
Anderson asks, “Do you want us to detain them?”
was a plot device - just another turn in the story
twice. Does that mean he’s… acted with the other books in mind? I feel like we’d have heard something about someone murdering a king to take a throne. Especially if it was as close as Scotland.”
He pays them no mind, really, stepping right to the desk lamp and twisting its metal, bulbous head so he can study the envelope in good light. John leans over one shoulder, Lestrade, curious, over the other.
John is quiet. He glances away from Sherlock.
His other hand is lower, seeking Sherlock’s hole with his fingers, and then pressing the hot, heavy head of his cock to it. The first push garners resistance, and Sherlock’s hands fly to grip John’s biceps, biting his nails into them, hard.
“It's aconitine,” Lestrade notes, “thought you’d want to know.”
He’s just listing out the reasons John would possibly do something like this, when he registers what John has said. It’s possible he was put off because of the cold. Down the way, the drummers are still drumming, more drunk than earlier in the night, somewhere in the alleyways of Skarmouth.
Sherlock could not bear it if the odds were the other way around.
A fire is burning, squat logs tossed with care into the metal grate.
“I assured him I was racing. I believe he was asking about the odds.”
“Alright?” Sherlock asks, worry crashing around him.
stallion stumbles forward from the fringes of the beach, the massive black horse wading in the crowds. Its powerful gaze urges the stragglers of the crowd to disperse, to go back to hawking food at the riders and buyers or haggling over insurance and prices, and to be more well spread over the tract of useable beach instead of condensed here. The dramatics are finished.
Sherlock clears his throat, waiting for John to disembark. John steps onto Sherlock’s scarf, slipping in the cloth for a moment, then hanging onto the collar of Sherlock’s coat.
Fire-breather?
Sherlock whips around the corner, brandishing the tea box.
He listens as John flips another photograph over, this one damp and heavy still. “They’ve sent the body back to the mainland,” He answers.
Redbeard’s breath puffs out, hot and heavy. Sherlock swings a leg back and dismounts, looking for Watson, who emerges from behind the outcropping a moment later, still on Gladstone, who looks even more restless than before, were that possible. With a highly arched neck, Gladstone prances forwards. Watson’s back is straight, never more a champion. His chin tilted, eyes and hair catching the last light of day.
--” He tugs on Redbeard’s ear lightly, making the horse turn his head back, then releases, “--
Over the last week, the sea has spit up more horses than all of summer combined. Some were caught, some worked their way slightly inland and slaughtered sheep. Mrs Turner’s are still safe. Mrs Hudson’s house is far inland.
“Wasn’t.”
He could feel when cocaine was dirty, or when a morphine solution was dangerously diluted. The way it raced through his veins too quickly, or chafed just beneath the first layer of his skin.
Mrs Hudson glances between the pair of them. “The only man who ever appreciated my cooking,” She says, “Of course I remember this one.”
“Yes, John. I’ll remember.”
Must be the shrinking tech. Along with some delusional man off the street or an accomplished actor, though Sherlock certainly would’ve remembered John’s face, had he seen it before. With its painted expression last night, it had seemed as ordinary a figurine as any.
Sherlock snaps up from his lounging on the sofa. It’s been a long day of repairs, which means John has been ripping up the moldy carpet upstairs and Sherlock has been furiously working on a murder for Lestrade. Sherlock’s dressing gown slips over one shoulder in his haste as he rises to snatch the letter from John’s hand. “Mycroft.”
This breaks Sherlock’s attempt to be subtle and quiet and reserved. He shushes through his teeth, growling into the mobile, “Because they’re children!”
There is no glass - anyone can get to Sherlock. But he slipped his line to John away. John can't touch him. Sherlock is an island. Sherrinfort is an island.
No, John wouldn’t show their teeth to him. Yes, you can ride one.
Two mugs, sitting together, one filled with coffee, and the other, tea. He reaches for the tea with an outstretched hand, but the ceramic glaze painted with ornate green carnations splinters with heavy weight of his longing.
It hadn’t occurred to Sherlock that the other riders have families, people who care for them and hope everyday that they return from the beach unharmed. On the sand, it has always felt like the other men are nothing more than shadows that seek to wear him thin. They've been adversaries and only that. The idea that they all have stories, friends, family… It changes them all, in his mind. He thinks of John, and what he has learned that he did not know before. His expression remains closed.
He pops his collar. “Yes. Lestrade.”
John Watson seemed so devastatingly ordinary when Sherlock first saw him. An expert with dangerous horses, a champion racer, but ordinary beneath that. John Watson is more than that, lethal and tender all the same.
Sherlock can see himself in Redbeard’s eyes. He can see behind them, as if the horse’s mind is as placid as unbothered water.
“Yes. Keep up, John.” Sherlock steeples his fingers. No wonder John is disquieted by the fact he left the book, Sherlock had read its contents. If he bothered ever writing down his thoughts about John, he would feel compromised, too.
They could race, and Sherlock could be snatched off the island pony, and Redbeard could be torn apart, and Sherlock could be a red smear on the sand. Food for the gulls.
John offers his hand. Sherlock lifts his own away from the protection of John’s stained, salt-caked jacket, and takes it, allowing John to haul him to his feet in that unexpectedly strong way he has about him. “Girlfriend?” He says, puzzled.
“Watson, you of all people should know, the Races are sacred,” Hope manages with that sick smile, and his
Janine writes
“Looks like a blister,” John’s finger touches the spot where Sherlock is focused. He blinks, and glances at the champion. “Could just be a cold sore. Suggests a poor immune system, ill, less poison to kill him.”
Cheap gas sputters and gurgles in the engine. Then there's the Skarmouth near the cliffs by the sea, just far enough away so that chunks of rock that litter the sand far below won't take any buildings with them.
“Not all of them,” John says, squinting at the inspector in the sun.
Perhaps Sherlock didn't realize because everyone on Thisby is so unendingly boring, he didn't think to look past the surface.
The notary’s office - Sherlock hasn’t been here in awhile. Since the festival, and the rider’s parade, he hasn’t wanted to see Anderson, and before, it only served as a reminder that he wasn’t going to be receiving any letters from Mycroft.
Much better. Sherlock smiles.
He blinks.
“You wanted to talk about prices? What do you value your life at?”
Sherlock frowns. “That’s a very specific thing to say.”
“We’re very alike, you and I.” Lightning flashes against wet-slick skin and the frantic glaze of the man above him. Long, thin shadows across his face become like the slitting nostrils of the
Sherlock pauses to parse this, handing over the two coins. “Sure. But Molly’s got to agree.” Archie’s father, formerly a fisherman, had been swallowed by the sea, and his mother had gone to the mainland. Sherlock had deduced that when he first met the little boy. Molly was as good as he could get. Archie even had his own bedroom above the bakery.
He rolls his eyes. He is trying very hard, if the bones in his room have anything to do with it, but he's unsure why the man cares.
“A thief procured it from the notary’s office the night you and I were at Hawkins’, but luckily for you I was present to apprehend him. I have the file. I don’t have the man. Now, the evidence room?”
“Come back tonight.” John hums against Sherlock’s chin. “When it gets dark."
Sherlock looks to John.
“You can't understand me, anyways,” Sherlock says, sitting on a firm bale of hay outside the two-stall stable. One of the walls is the outside wall of Mrs Hudson’s house. On the other side are two shoddily-built stalls, and a dangerous hay loft creaks above.
The Races.
Scratches clash over the glass and dents over the side of the watch face. The band is leather, and recently mended by the buckle, to be shortened.
Who goes undetected, just like that? Unnoticed, no attention taken, as they slip in and out of a bright bakery? Right in front of Sherlock Holmes, no less.
A rare mistake, thinking Beryl as a champion, but a mistake, nonetheless.
A simple outpost sign near the town of Tholla reads:
to wander inland, Redbeard’s hard work and exhaustion — it could all mean nothing.
“I think you know how to ride a pony well enough, I don't think you remember how to ride a
Seems lonely.”
Murray’s voice breaks into his thoughts.
has dragged it to, but Sherlock can't resist scrunching his nose up against them. But this is different - it's all fresh, like death itself has been dredged straight from the depths of the Scorpio sea.
For one moment everything is up in the air.
Its hooves devour prodigious amounts of soil and high grasses, it barely leaves the ground for more than a millisecond, and it seems to be miles closer.
Lestrade waits by the front door, up on the open porch, speaking with Anderson in a heated tone, glancing over when Sherlock ducks under the tape and sifts through busy officers.
Will he like it, considering he lives in a tiny flat near a barn? How clean is his room? Why does he think John will even see his room? No, best to restrict John to common areas that Mrs Hudson has reign over.
do things in threes - three whinnies, three kicks, three locks, and Gladstone is quiet again. The cold metal cools Sherlock’s shivering wrist. The aged wood groans as he pulls open the stall door.
The electric lamplight sneaking through the alleys nearby highlight different sections of black on Gladstone, morphing them into a pale sort of grey, like the pebbles on the seashore. His chest rises with heavy breaths, his eyes reflecting the light, twisting in his skull to look back at the riders.
John hushes him, but Sherlock doesn’t mind.
“It’s a very pretty castle!”
. You might as well use it.” Sherlock waves a hand dismissively.
Sherlock feels out of place. The men here shout and wear their caps and comfortable trousers and cheap, ugly-coloured waistcoats. Sherlock has flat-pressed black trousers (that won't stay pressed in the damp weather for long), and dress shoes on. He would've slicked his hair back, but with Thisby’s climate, it would be frizzy and untamed well before noon.
Scoffing to himself, Sherlock casts his eyes away. What else had been in those reports? Something else to complete the scene before the Races commence? The weather, the ocean, John, the riders. Yes, that - who were the other racers? A white horse - that's all the gulls say to him. Nothing in his mind supplies any names, no saddle colors that were involved in the accident.
There’s a problem. Down the shore on the sand, where the other racers are still battling and racing for second, the water horses have kept coming. But John is a good distance from the finish line --
Sherlock senses it as clearly as he felt it on Gladstone’s back. Winding, dredging, pulling, tightening. Ebbing and flowing, pulses of magic like John’s shell, hushing like the tide. The sea, the sea, the sea.
more hints at sabotage, more murder, more moriarty, more racing. .... sorry for such a long wait!! I always have most of the next chapter written, and then the pieces just don't fit together for another half a year :/ I got this - and this won't be abandoned! I love it tooooo much! thank you for reading <3 A VERY LONG CHAPTER!!! like... 7k..... good luck lmao
It gets warm the summer, but now it's starting to cool down. It's still not very cold, the temperature doesn’t force his hands into gloves or anything. That will change as the
The bakery’s empty, at the moment, save for Molly. She’s sitting behind the counter on a stool in front of the register, flipping through a mainland magazine. A few chairs have been pushed out from the tables near the windows, evidence of earlier patrons.
“Oh, Sherlock, don't be looking at
Their riders were all frantically trying to get them back on track. It was no use. The horses were lost to the madness of the sea. It was a bad year.
“I am a man of excellent education. I am the organizer of half that is evil and all that is undetected on this great island… You need me, and my chatter about business, or you’re nothing. Not on this island.” He shrugs without care. “No one on this island is anything without me.”
The figure approaches quickly, disliking the threat, several steps hard and short, but stops a length away, his black eyes snaking to the man off to Sherlock’s side. John had stepped fast towards the figure‘s path, and had slowed, pacing it off as if he was going for a stroll just in the moment, as the unknown man stopped.
for?” Sherlock barks. “Ten riders have died since the festival. This is your eighth year, John. Most riders have raced far, far fewer times.”
She returns his coat. “I know you like to look nice in pictures.” She winks and Sherlock forces a smile.
,” Sherlock says, offended. John’s book had said so. He got everything right.
“No, shut up.”
“Mm,” Sherlock hums, uninterested in being harassed about his finicky relationship with the young baker’s apprentice. He pretends to inspect the paper bag.
Ah. “Horse,” Sherlock says.
It is not difficult to imagine the house as someplace nice. Sherlock gestures to an empty wall. “Some bookshelves here,” he says. Where to keep his microscope and books? They could all go downstairs, but John would complain about him cluttering the kitchen.
Sherlock’s chest heaves, he wants to spur himself into action, but he's frozen.
Moriarty’s obsession with Sherlock has crossed the line into affecting John’s life, risking it. There's no compromise. A dark, hard pit of anger blooms in Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock wishes he could stop everything, the unending noise and impatience hot in his blood. Wishes he could apologize, could stop and lean his head against Redbeard’s neck. Redbeard deserves none of this risk yet he shoulders much of it. A pause would tip off his hesitation, would make him look weak, especially in front of lurking mainland photographers.
There's a small thrill in Sherlock's chest. He shifts.
A squeeze upon his palm. When he looks down, it appears that John has slid his hand across the stained wood of the counter and over the edge of Sherlock’s hand, giving him a brief snippet of calm, and then followed by a large amount of anxiety of such a gesture in such a place. He glances about the tavern, to John, and back to Lestrade, who stares at their hands before making surprised eye contact again.
Sherlock looks up. It's John that has spoken. “What?”
Sherlock frowns, finding John’s face for guidance. “Not good?”
Beyond him stretches the ocean, far over the horizon, and behind him are the shouts and bouts of yelling from the men, and the high, keening calls of the
“Nervous.”
Perhaps it wasn’t necessary that John hide, as Lestrade never stepped further into the sitting room than to hang at the door in desperation.
“To be fair,” John smiles, “it is the only thing I’ve lied about.”
Last year, and every year past, Sherlock had never taken part of the festivities, or even ventured far into town because of all the excitement.
“This is your wake-up call, Mister Holmes…”
“You’re asking us to change all Thisby’s ever been, just for you? How can you ask that of us…? Isn't our answer
He wonders if John waited for him, even if it was only for a few moments. Perhaps John never showed up at all, and he’ll come gallivanting into the scene today to apologize, and he won’t ever know that Sherlock wasn’t there, either.
“He's not from here,” says the man at Gladstone’s lead with the thin hair.
The walk up the dunes is lengthy, and there's a scratchy feeling under his skin, like the dog blood has infected him with mites or fleas. He feels stares at his back, and his throat and eyes burn from the wind and the sand.
His grip shifts in Sherlock’s hand, and for a heart-stopping moment, Sherlock is afraid, very, very afraid. More afraid than he’d been with the blonde mare, Mary, that first day, or Redbeard on the beach and the grey water horse, or Hope, cornering him on the edge of the earth, more afraid than an hour before, running away with the devil on his heels.
blood in them, from some stallion or mare that liked one particular island pony and didn’t want to eat them. The traits are old and diluted, so you’ll get normal horses that are bred after that, but somewhere down the line, you’ll come up with a horse that has long ears, or forward-facing eyes, or rubs off their mane, or who’s only calm around charms or a certain kind of flower. Then you’ll get the fillies who love to scream, or the colts with long flat legs who like to swim. The magic in the blood is stronger the further from the source that you get.
“My brother - he moved to the mainland - sent the rent and board money in the monthly post. For years. He was very exact, paying for the month he sent it during, and the next, paying it forwards,” Sherlock remembers this, definitely. Mycroft sent checks that Sherlock couldn't cash. “The payments stopped a few months ago. I despise my brother,” Sherlock says, because it's necessary to stretch that point and define it sharply, “But he would not drop off the face of the earth for no reason.”
“I want space to breathe, and you, and open ocean all around.”
Watson leads Gladstone a ways away on the turf, and Sherlock removes one of his feet from its stirrup. His heart pounds in his throat. Redbeard’s skin is hot to touch. Gladstone is a water horse - he will fight to run towards the ocean. If the race is even close… Perhaps there’s a chance to be had, after all.
They are mere flashes of themselves far off in the water.
Beryl, the thundering victim of Moriarty’s knife, sea foam overflowing from her mouth, the whites all around her eyes, bouncing around wildly in her skull.
The ride back to the house is longer.
Now, he rips open the top of the envelope completely. The scratch of torn paper is carried away on the air.
Mirrors, mirrors. John can't come up with anything new. Dog masquerading as childhood trauma. Child on the phone and a fake painting. Already his dream has begun to fade from his mind, and soon enough there won't be anything left of it. He's glad for it. There had been very disturbing themes within it. Sherlock will never be allowed to point a gun at himself, not ever.
“It’s a little trouble.”
decision?
It was always about Sherlock.
Sherlock whirls back around to the rock. It’s his turn, and he hasn’t stepped up yet. His ears burn. He feels less qualified for this than he has ever felt in his entire life, for anything. Many pairs of eyes turn on him. Watson’s too, from the other side of the rock. He doesn’t look as tall as Sherlock thought he was.
He’s trapped in place. Perhaps the high waves have made the sand too firm around his ankles and he fell victim to it in his idle state, but something tells him that his mind has made it so he cannot move.
John has lived these five minutes seven times over, ran them quicker than anyone. How can Sherlock be faster than the fastest thing alive? Does he
Finally, the father looks away from Sherlock, rejoining the black funeral party.
To race is a death wish.
But John only threads his fingers through Sherlock’s. He brings up his other hand, encasing Sherlock’s, and pulls it up to his mouth. Sherlock has to bite back a sob as John’s lips press lightly over the knuckle of his thumb.
Mrs Hudson will have to turn him out - she's family, but even she cannot afford to keep him and Redbeard around for so long while getting nothing in return, her teapot business isn’t so successful. Sherlock would not ask that of her. She has her debts - like nearly everyone on the island, she borrowed from the Stockyard to buy her property.
The crowd is quiet. Then a single person breaks away from Sherlock and the rest of the crowd.
The other one of Hope’s ‘friends’ has left the beach, terrified, and struggles up the sandy path back to the cliffs -- the missing-fingers-man remains stunned, holding his own throat as if imagining how close that had been to being him on the sand beside Sherlock’s knees. He’s clearly in shock. The smell overcomes Sherlock, heavy blood, and the miasma of malcontent, and the rotting kelp on the rocks further down the shore.
Sherlock reads and rereads the rules.
It's cold, but a sweat appears on his brow beneath his curly fringe. He dares not move. Men yell, down on the beach, their voices almost eroded by the wind.
The cliffs here are lower, more grey than the racing beach. The shore is made up of uneven plates of rocks and gravel, with teeth-like rocks sticking out of the shallows that could sink a fishing boat were it being pushed against them. This terrain is no good for riding on, and even with the low tide, there's hardly any room for them to stand. Sherlock watches the water, eyes the breakers for an ear or a head. A beach like this, in local folklore, is said to be haunted by the old water horses that charged into the sea during the Races and never returned, because of how closely the cliffs and the ocean are together. It's supposed to represent how land turns to water and water turns to land, and how the water horses are always caught on the middle ground.
ahead catch the salt and twist like snakes under their saddles and colors, lining for the water’s edge.
He’ll get the bales tomorrow. People in Tholla know him, ever since that interesting case last summer with the homicide-turned-suicide, but the town's divided in two ever since some age-old quarrel between two patriarchs, and so Sherlock isn't exactly sure of where he stands. Skarmouth still has his heart, it's his town. Redbeard will eat his expensive food, and win the Races for Sherlock.
“What a brilliant deduction.” Sherlock responds, in a monotone voice. He has no mail. Once, he suspected Anderson was just taking Mycroft’s letters from him, taking the money and hiding it, so Sherlock broke into the office, discovered Anderson wasn’t, and was arrested for his troubles. Lestrade let him go with a warning.
“I have been in my own world for quite some time, longer than usual. I was beginning to worry that someone had lost my figurine. I cannot come back without it.”
“If you ever did,” Sherlock quips, delighted when John smiles. Sherlock’s eyes drop back down but there is no time to turn back to the board with the odds. Great eyes with long lashes are peering over at him.
It’s all quiet.
.” The bowler hat tugs on her leadrope when she jerks her head back.
“I have not seen her run. Her monger said she was faster than Gladstone,” Sherlock says. “Back when…”
The headlights illuminate the low stone walls as they begin to form on either side of the one-track road, caging in sheep but keeping nothing effectively out. They pass one area very close to the outskirts of the town, where rocks have tumbled down from formation out into the road where something has knocked them over.
Equally difficult is sliding on his shoes, shirt, and trousers, glancing to John to be sure of his unconscious state.
It’s no good, though, the
John leads them back towards town, supporting Sherlock's weight with an arm under Sherlock's. His leg refuses to comply, strained more from his tussle with Moriarty than the actual wound from the Races this morning. They stop underneath the shallow overhang of an empty tourist shop. The rain has slowed to a drizzle, true to Thisby weather. All of Skarmouth is dark and shuttered away. John wants to talk, Sherlock doesn’t. He wants to curl up for a week and hide.
John stares at him, and then he tucks his chin and starts that lovely giggle of his, and it makes him younger, and Sherlock doesn’t attempt to hold back the wonky grin pulling at his own lips. John smoothes back his hair, still giggling, and Sherlock tips his head for a kiss. John obliges, dry and brisk, and then gets up for the kettle.
If he ever got close enough to a
Clouds pass overhead. Two days ago, when Watson was up on the cliffs with him, when Sherlock was at the Stockyard and the gigantic Gladstone was an arm’s length away from him, the sun was out. Sherlock was stupid to think the weather would last. Wind tucks under his jacket sleeves, lifting them away from his arms.
Sherlock smiles, “The model is fifty years old, a mainland model, the engraving as old as that. So, it was made for the last generation. Jewellery usually descends to the eldest son, even here, and he is most likely to have the same name as the father. Your father has been dead for many years. It has, therefore, been in the hands of your eldest brother, whose death was the reason you relocated here.
It’s a slow, long slide, and Sherlock’s thighs quiver. John runs his hand along Sherlock’s legs, flitting through sparse black hairs. It isn’t necessarily uncomfortable, or comfortable, but John withdraws the finger and pushes back in, crooking it to one side -
John looks up, searching for answers, but the clouds in the sky say nothing. Where is the boy? Where is Sherlock?
“You’re playing.” John tilts his head dangerously.
, book-John has written in print, small and doctorly in black ink.
John motions to the sword with his injured hand in a big movement for Sherlock’s benefit. “There’s something… Cruciform hilt--”
A nose breaches from the foam of a cresting wave, breaking the surface before submerging again.
John’s eyes track the journey to where the cliff overhangs below them, where the rest of the day’s casualties lie, and then, Sherlock notices, dart to the
“He had two copies. Different versions, though, I think.”
!” Watson begins around the knife in his mouth, but it's too late.
Gladstone is screaming, and so are the bells around his ankles-- the ocean’s wind blankets them all, making hard sounds to the great
“Moriarty,” John knocks hard on a thick wooden door. He ignores a few pretty fairytale books stacked on a table beside the office. Just for show, like Moriarty reads anything more than his checks. “Moriarty.”
“That does not sound appealing.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He steps onto the rock.
stallion. The giant shadowed sign that kept John from dying in the caverns beneath Thisby. Gladstone’s been John’s beacon, his goal, for a long time. What about when that’s behind him?
they could take back home. A shame they would never arrive.”
He plucks the carving out.
Inside, it is well illuminated, both with natural cloudy sunlight filtering in through the bay windows in the foyer, and the house lights. Unfortunately, this reveals a terrible thing. The floor is completely covered in deep red shag carpeting. Sherlock peers into the hallway, then around another corner. Even the stairs are plastered with it. That is awful. He doesn't want to see the kitchen.
And how did he come to learn this? Another interaction with the spider must be the answer.
“Then you can eat now.”
“That doesn’t sound appealing, either.” Actually, it does, he is liking what he has witnessed of John cooking so far. John has rolled his sleeves up to the elbow to cook. His forearms are exposed, golden tan and muscled. It’s very appealing. Very. Sherlock would like to imagine those gold arms caging him in. Against whatever surface. He’d be fine with anything.
“Ha! What about six years?”
The hulk of the officer’s building, Scotland, praises the carved, fading wooden sign outside of it, stands out against the traditional wood and brick architecture surrounding it. The tourists come here for an authentic sea-township experience, and Thisby has put on as much ‘authenticity’ as it can, but even an officer’s station cannot be turned completely back in time. It’s made of bricks, and very old steel, with an overarching plaque describing the first detectives that set foot on Thisby.
There is silence while John pours the tea, punctuated just by ‘sugar?’ and ‘two, please,’ and the offhand growl of thunder from outside.
“Don’t touch it!” Lestrade says, appalled. Sherlock continues to stick his gloved fingers into the wound, anyways.
Sherlock looks at him, and the rest of the light in the pub falls away. “You examined the body? More than a toxicology report?”
What a stupid thing to do. Sherlock is ashamed of how much it distresses him, nevertheless, and the heat of that threat washes over him. He sets his shoulders, tilts his chin up, and the chestnut's gaunt face stretches up to watch him.
Except, this doesn’t register because the anger from earlier has returned with a vengeance, flushing his face and drowning his mind in white noise. It’s bad enough Moriarty is ever near Gladstone. He won’t ever allow him near Sherlock. Salary be damned.
“Shut up.”
But all of a sudden, where racing day had haunted his every thought, dictated his every move, that's a faraway concern. The immediate one is that Redbeard is shaking and ready to crumble like the cliffs on this side of the island. Racing day won't ever come for him, if he doesn't manage to walk away from this encounter. Redbeard's going to have to settle through much worse behavior from the water horses than a little snapping and hissing.
John’s hand stills. “It was conditional on my winning, Sherlock. It’s nothing to do with you.”
John focuses on the anxious movement, his hands stilling over the kettle.
He flings himself onto his back, ready to defend his vulnerable position.
“Well, the only man who spear fishes on the island is my employer, out on those fancy boats of his in the summer and spring. But you never know what the fishermen on those boats are doing,” Sherlock is almost convinced it is Moriarty, until John goes on, “I’ve heard rumors of whaling, during the autumn. It would be going on now, even with the
All the while, he becomes more and more aware of the threat building up in his head. Each moment he remains in the water could be his last. The adrenaline has worn off and it’s hard to swim in all these clothes now, hard not see a shoulder or an ear in every small wave that beats against him. How very stupid did he have to be for—
him.”
With one sentence, every experiment in Sherlock’s haphazardous bedroom has been proven or disproven based on the thesis.
“You must make a wish. It’s the will of the island...”
The bowler hat is deflecting someone’s opinion from the mare, and heading right back into his sale’s pitch. Sherlock squints. His cheeks are red and raw from the wind hurling sand at them. He’s been out here all morning, trying the same lines. And, obviously, he's been getting the same words spat back at him. The bowler hat frowns, his wide face growing more twisted, his hands curling angrily as he realizes Fletcher isn't interested. “What’s that Watson saying about my horse?” The bowler hat’s fed up, now.
Father Stamford picks his way closer.
John’s nervousness bleeds out into his laugh. “Yeah?”
“You aren’t arguing your point of
He lifts a lip, wondering over what arrogance he'll have to face from someone who lives here.
That isn't him.
The knight considers this. Finally, he tucks his blade into his belt. “I have never met a giant that was clever,” He calls, “They are half-wits. Can hardly speak."
Surely, the man is a capable rider, given his business, his professional gaze over horses. But then again, John’s never seen Moriarty ride, and he’s in this business. Holding onto the rope a bit harder, John sets his jaw.
“You…” Sherlock says. John is implying an awful lot. This realization is very disruptive to a train of thought that had been about murder and intrigue. He briefly stops functioning, blinking against the dark to the silhouettes of Skarmouth buildings. Oh.
They've shipped the body away. No, no, no. “You didn't - you didn't look correctly.” There's something wrong about this picture. Something isn't adding up. He needs to solve this. “The body’s gone already?”
That must be the Langely girl, who’d gifted the castle and the figurine to Sherlock. He glances over his shoulder, once more thankful that Lestrade seems to have forgotten what mobiles are again. Being alone, in this case, is good. Well, as alone as one can be with a tiny Mycroft-controlled-drone before him. Suddenly, Sherlock is very glad that he is not receiving any updates on his case.
“I never make exceptions.” Sherlock acquiesce to their new, intimate touching, and mutters into John’s neck. He huffs out a hot breath and John resoundly shudders. “An exception disproves the rule.”
John tilts his head to the right, nodding to Sherlock with a big, meltingly-fat smile on his face. “Don't worry. I'm not a drunkard unlike some of the men on this island, I want you to try a couple fingers of scotch. Do you...?” He points a short finger to the back of the bar.
Half of John’s face, the portion turned towards the great expanse of water past the sheer drop of the chalk cliffs, is cast in bright orange light. Sherlock marvels, for a moment, over the shadows contrasting this color on the other side of his expression. It brightens and shades secret areas, ones that Sherlock has never since been allowed to stare at. The impulse to sit and study John’s face for days surges within him.
However, he does cough awkwardly and walk off when Sherlock smiles snidely and says, “Say hello to Molly from us.”
He schools his expression, turning his face to the side expectantly, and flashes Lestrade's badge at the security guard. "Inspector Lestrade. My team has gone ahead. 57 on Chemsworth Circle."
Sherlock Holmes, he thinks to say too late.
Sherlock swallows against a rising tide of instinctual fear. But he can feel the crumpled edges of it curling around the corners of his eyes, like a fog that won’t settle.
Shoes.
“That man, the Holmes one,” Henry Knight says suddenly, “Do you really think he guessed all of that about me?” He adds, “You were there,” as if John wouldn’t recall.
"Yes. I’ll buy Gladstone if I win. I should thank you for encouraging me.”
“You’re insane.”
The next day, Sherlock spends an inane amount of time cleaning off Redbeard, who shakes lightly in his stall, his faded charcoal muzzle turning every which way with the slightest sound or peep of a seabird.
The water horse tipped its head back, and screamed to the clouds. The rider pulled on its mane, leaning forward, face near the horse’s ear, fingers tangled in its rain-slicked mane. The horse’s screech cut off. The rider had tamed the sea, and the sea was spitting water from the sky, resenting him for it.
Fletcher’s shouting ceases, and the crowd goes abruptly quiet.
“What of your hand?” John asks, as if he’s gravely wounded Sherlock instead of giving him a puncture no worse than a thumbtack.
He would love some DNA samples, but recalls that one of Moriarty’s terms had been to stop going round to the Stockyard. Maybe John could be persuaded. In the name of science.
“A woman?”
Feeling his arousal, John tilts his head up, and Sherlock leans to kiss him. Like the cliffs, it is light and slow until it isn’t, until it twists into John’s tongue sliding gently, probing at Sherlock’s mouth. John’s hands wander up his back, skimming up the notches in his spine and the bumps of his ribs. Sherlock’s arms find their purpose, draping around John’s shoulders, clutching at the material of his shirt and sharply drawing their bodies closer together.
jaw and whispers, asking for her to be quiet and easy today. Usually, she is the rush of fast sea foam, but she cooperates.
“My laptop. It’s a computer. A machine. They would’ve had simple enough machinery in 1938, don’t stop sticking to your character now, Mycroft.” Sherlock rolls his eyes, typing John’s supposed name in the search engine. Nothing relative shows up, not even when he searches for
John sucks a low mark, and Sherlock’s body rolls up off the mattress, trying to gain any friction at all. The brush of wiry-blond hair tickles his abdomen, and he could sob with defeat when John’s hips snap to correct him, pushing their erections together. The humidity in the room makes the duvet stick to his back, heavy air clinging to his face when he buries his hands in John’s short hair.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, or at least I would,” John stresses, and tugs himself free, although his body stays very close to Sherlock’s, as if angled towards him in a way Sherlock hadn’t tugged him to be, “if I can get to my pockets!” He rummages through his pocket while Sherlock stares. “I wrote them down.” He removes a small packet of paper from his jacket.
Which is how they end up racing.
But sometimes it gives them back.
he spits the name like it’s something foul, “
The facades vanish. It was never about John, or the Races, or the murder victims.
“For tea, yes. I always do! It’s that time of the week, you know...”
Sherlock’s legs kick in; a horse nearby rears and throws a rider astray, and Redbeard bolts. The ocean becomes a lurching blur on one side, the shapes of water horses an ever-changing mosaic on the other.
(a flair of hot jealousy eats away at this thought), he could’ve predicted this behavior, this suggestion of John’s. It’s intimidating, he realizes, the massive reputation John’s name holds over Thisby. It evokes such images associated with
“You couldn’t have been willing to give that up, Sherlock. Christ, you didn’t have to--” John breaks off, pinching the bridge of his nose tightly, as if coming down with a migraine. Rain dripping from the overhang patters onto the leather patches on his jacket's shoulders. He throws up his hands, lost. Sherlock stays resolutely still. “Christ, it doesn’t even matter. It doesn’t matter.”
The line of its mouth pulls up towards its ears, far back.
Don’t think of him here, John reminds himself. Not at the heart of the dungeon, where his employer’s influence is the most potent.
John retorts, “I’ve got five already, don’t need one for fingers.” He stands. His left hand clenches and unclenches, thoughts rolling over in his head. Sherlock scowls up at him, and John sighs. John rubs his face with a hand. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have snapped. Please. Just, tell me what’s the matter. Is it the Races?”
“You were. Molly has no motive to kill, none at all. Check his wallet if you think that’s what she wanted, nothing’s missing. Even his pocket’s still got his watch in it.”
“No!” Sherlock hits the railing and stops, hearing the figure get away and John give a short chase, his arm reaching towards the papers.
But. Then there is the cobalt his eyes had been in the night in the heavy storm, the light blue during sunny afternoons, comforting grey while they sat on the cliffs, clouds casting shadows over the open ocean. And none of those seem like the
He breathes out.
His gaze slides across the table to John.
Instead, it’s horrible. Unexpected, horrible, likely to be disastrous, especially when he needs to leave for this case…
The water horse jerks its head back, pressing its chin into its long neck, accompanied by the sound of jangling metal buckles on its halter, and the quick thrash of metal against leather - Watson jolting his heels against the horse’s side to keep it in check.
“You know that you’re a figurine, then,” Sherlock says. There’s no reason that John would believe that he is as real as Sherlock, is he acknowledges the fact that his castle has had owners in the past.
as of now it's still a long chapter, but the final act comes next chapter!
Sherlock intensely watches John study the sword. John touches his face in thought. The LEDs throw sharp contrast over his features, casting a shadow under his jawline and his nose. As he stands still, Sherlock can just make out the gold tint of his eyelashes against his cheek.
Sherlock tucks his hands into his pockets to quell his emotion. He stands separately from the weary crowd, watching John, cloaked in shadow and firelight, walk to retrieve the
Sherlock’s mind aflame, his face snaps up to the man in the bowler hat. He sneers, “Every drop of his blood spilt will be ten of yours.” It’s not a bad cut, shallow, barely a scratch. But it’s there. It’s the mark of this man’s horse on Sherlock’s, on Redbeard, it’s a testament and a challenge to who is in control of the situation. Sherlock’s ready to make everyone around him bleed.
Satisfied, Sherlock snatches the tower top from the floor, brushes it off, and replaces it atop the castle. He twists until it fits into the corresponding grooves and is sturdy once again.
He squares his shoulders, drawing in a long breath as they hit the racing beaches. With every movement, he could be doing it for the last time. The last time coming down this hill, the last time pulling himself up into the saddle, the last time being chastised by Mrs Hudson, the last time reaching forwards to calm Redbeard’s shivers and worries.
But it could just be an accident.
“Please. I’ve found my matching pair and it isn’t the house.” John steps to Sherlock, laying a warm touch on Sherlock’s waist and grinning broadly.
A thrill leaps inside Sherlock’s chest, deformed and bewildered and astonished. Even in confusion, his brain rushes forward, desperate to have this last connection with John before John remembers their argument. Why, why had he come? After what Sherlock had done to him, what loss he had sparked, how could John touch him like this?
Another familiar sheep farm, more crumbled walls. The car shakes. “These your sheep?” John asks.
). A thrown rope cannot cut hard iron chain. People don't talk to metaphors. John's not as perfect as Sherlock - and Sherlock is not that strong. John would always be bothered by the drugs; never indifferent.
“The man who died,” he nods to Sherlock. Lestrade seems irritated, and focuses an alcohol-induced glare at Sherlock, as if Sherlock had been the one to tell John about the murder. “I was with you in the bakery yesterday morning, Sherlock. I do look at the papers, I listen to the news, Mr Lestrade,” he defends Sherlock a bit with that, which makes him feel better. He continues, “There was red all over his face.”
A pair of men with dark eyes linger by the streetlamps across the cobblestone street. Sherlock sniffs, shoving his hands into his coat pockets and hurrying towards the tavern.
The mare snorts and struggles, like the spell has been broken. The man winds his arm under her jaw and hugs her massive head tighter to his abdomen, a grim look upon his face. “Now, if you don't mind.”
“Aha, victory…” John mutters, and turns his attention to the steaming kettle. Sherlock allows a trembling smile to crawl over his face.
, had pressed into Sherlock’s back, as the champion took up the reins in front of Sherlock. Gladstone’s gait had been smooth, without a chance or cheap excuse for Sherlock to
Redbeard snaps his head one way, swinging his neck out of instinct, and the grey beneath Jefferson Hope sticks it's face out and up, neck lengthening. Redbeard’s ears pin back, his rear hooves dance perilously close to the cliff. Sherlock wants to pop the reins and make him run, but it would be no use. Even in the gathering fog and the night-black of this afternoon, the
Gladstone’s great chest breaks the ribbon, and John’s joyous fist is in the air, pumping out a victory as onlookers shout and clap on the cliffs. Gladstone takes another quarter of a furlong to slow down - John’s hand glides over Gladstone’s white forelock, and he gently twists one of his long ears, pulling it back and whispering into it. John dips his face lower, Gladstone’s long head dropping to keep listening to him.
Shops crowd close to each other, ivy crawling up their stone sides. A myriad of bicycles are leaning against stone walls, and more cars than ever are parked along the streets, streetlights caught in their windshields. Streetlamps make brilliant halos against the paling stars; paper lights crawl along wires tied to telephone poles.
, all so close, smell like salt and the sea and waste and fish. Thisby is no stranger to bad smells - that the tide brings in, dead fish, sour brine. The smell of a sheep corpse long dead and baking in the summer sun wherever a stray
The bowler hat’s face twists into something ugly, but he manages it with a laugh full of fake salesmanship and gusto. “Don't know what you've heard from that
Sherlock throws him a questioning look.
John’s voice, sweet and unexpected, is soft against the wind. Even after all of this, he has still chosen to talk to Sherlock. “Found, or was it given?”
you do such a thing? You nearly got yourself killed a hundred times today! And, and, you
There's nothing Sherlock can insult her directly for. Best to insult her judgement, then. Sherlock turns up his nose, spitting, “You sure picked one, too. Dandruff, ginger cat he will like more than you, and …” he looks at the sawdust on the floor, “...a history of erectile dysfunction. Nah, maybe not that good.”
How is it that Sherlock’s always pulling old lines, repeated lines, out of his mouth? John seems to catch the familiar sentence, because he smiles. And then he asks, “D’you want something to eat?” John gestures to the bed.
“With you,” John answers, breathless. “When I retired last to my case, I had the sword. I remember.”
But another voice echoes through Sherlock’s head simultaneously. John, saying how Gladstone had never belonged to him, had also never belonged to Moriarty, how they all belonged to Thisby.
“Because, usually, they’re smaller.”
“What?”
“And just what am I supposed to think when you bring a man home with you when you’re coming back from the tavern?” She exclaims, hardly doing the job defending herself, “You can call me crazy all you like, I don’t think it’s a very big stretch to leap to.”
“You don't just accidentally--”
Where is John?
Sherlock says, “Yes.”
Next box — older cases, ones that have been solved, a few by him, but several that go back to the first few years of Skarmouth’s existence, a very long time ago. There’s no organization system here, which is frightfully annoying. The photos he’s looking for wouldn’t be in the dark room still, would they? As John reminded him near moments ago, Lestrade did say they would be in the notary’s office.
It isn’t like the feeling he gets from John taking his arm, from John’s warm breath against the back of his neck. It is the feeling he gets from standing too close to Gladstone’s mouth.
In a moment or two the horses will be all by the ocean, hot and sweaty and hungry.
John steps in behind him, hauling two crates filled with odds and ends. Old books and journals from the Ford parked outside, packed with remnants of two individual lives converging into one. The blue notebook sits at the top as John drops the crates onto the floor beside the rusted set of fireplace pokers in the sitting room. He taps the set in curiosity and it gives a loud squeal, toppling over loudly.
Now where are the keys to the Ford? John needs to go back to the Stockyard, and the Ford is the easiest way there, barring the fact that it sometimes doesn’t start at all. What will they do if that happens? Surely John could borrow Redbeard, but where would Redbeard go after John has reached Moriarty’s land? At once, he is very uncomfortable with the idea of letting Redbeard anywhere near the Stockyard, even if Sherlock was somehow with them. It will have to be the Ford.
They aren't that simple to study. Sherlock’s tried. It's irritating and frustrating, to live on an island where magic flourishes but science refuses to. The
I see. That pet’s gotten into your mind, hasn’t he?” Moriarty reaches down, and Sherlock attempts slap him away and bend his elbow wrong - but the water’s in his eyes, he can hardly see, only registers the pain when Moriarty yanks on his hair, his scalp screaming. “You were the most interesting thing on this island and
Watson looks between the two horses, and lets out a bark of laughter.
The man gurgles, but Sherlock knows him capable of speech. Time is running out—
“The names of the books, John, the other stories! I need you to maximize your visual memory. Try to picture what you saw? Can you picture it?”
His blood runs cold.
Ah. Now it’s just a game.
“Bull.”
Sherlock tamps down his rising irritation at Redbeard’s knocking. It isn’t Redbeard that he’s frustrated with, or the saddle, or the bit that Redbeard fusses about with in his mouth, it’s the Races.
Sherlock snorts, “Nothing is difficult for me to remember. I’m a genius.”
“I haven’t gone to the Races in years and years,” Mrs Hudson goes on, filling all the blank space with mindless conversation, “but I know last year was tough. We both read what happened to you—” Sherlock throws a paper to the table particularly brutally— “—but you seem so fine to me.”
"On the contrary,” Moriarty shifts closer until they are shoulder to shoulder, just two men on the sand, facing the water that bushes along the sand, lapping at Hope’s blood. “This is very pleasant. But I won’t keep you long. You’ll have big things to do this evening. Lestrade’s photographs have developed...”
“Incredible.”
He doesn’t intend to risk his scene privileges being revoked due to perceived insanity (although certain officers, read: Donovan and Anderson and that photographer Sherlock insulted last week, would be pleased) because he depends on the knowledge of a self-proclaimed magical knight.
Greg stood next to the desk in Mycroft's study, his coat and suit jacket tossed over an armchair. He stared inquisitively at the amber liquid in his glass before setting it down gently.  "I shouldn't be here, Myc." The words sounded like a thought voiced, more than an actual protest.
He must have been staring a bit to sharply because the Inspector seemed to clam up a bit under his scrutiny. "Right. My brother. The matter that we're discussing." He said, mostly to remind himself what he was supposed to be doing because this damn gorgeous flirt in front of him was disrupting his thoughts.
Greg followed John's gaze over to a disarrayed body lying on the pavement nearby.
Castiel peered down at the ground and then turned his head to the side before looking back up at the Winchester. Then he sundered over, closer still to Dean. "I warned her not to spy on my true form. It can be...overwhelming...to humans." He intoned. "So can my real voice, but you already knew that."
"This is your fault, brother mine." The younger brother spat viciously.
"I can monitor my little brother quite well on my own," Mycroft assured. "However, it would be immensely helpful, were you to relay information and perhaps even steer him away from certain cases or situations."
"Oh please, Mycroft. You and your band of monster-assassins have everything well under control. You are immediately alerted when a monster, god, or any other supernatural being enters the country and your men take out the threat."
"Luck has nothing to do with it, Gerald. I specifically measured the dosage of each component." The taller man snipped.
Sherlock rolled his his eyes and Greg gritted his teeth in agitation. "Jesus, you're lucky you aren't dead right now with what you were on!"
The doctor stared at him defiantly, not moving an inch.
A hot shower, fresh change of clothes, and a spritz of cologne later, John returned to the living area.
"I almost lost you." He whispered to Sherlock.
**********************
Upon seeing the detective, the bouncer allowed the men through.
“You’re…you’re serious. This is, this is real.” John stammered.
The young hunter scrambled to grab the demon knife off of the table behind him, and held it behind his back. "Who are you?" He demanded sternly.
Fuck.
"You look like you've been to hell and back." Dean joked. He really did though, his trench coat covered in soot and slightly singed at the bottom and the angel seemed to have a don't mess with me attitude. (So, of course Dean was messing with him.)
“Uh, Greg?” John’s voice was rough with sleep.
“Wait, does that make me Anderson?” he demanded. “Am I bloody
"Mommy and Me class went well?" his father teased, just a hint of a smirk in his eyes and Hamish glared at him with a look that had not tamed in the years since his teens.
“So come stay with me,” Sherlock said suddenly, in a rush, and he knew immediately it was a bit not good.
Irene ran a hand through her hair. “Taking care of some business,” she said vaguely. “Don’t worry. I’ll be heading back to the colonies before someone manages to behead me. Now who’s the little girl?”
“Stay,” he murmured.
A pair of kitten heels appeared in John’s line of vision and he lifted his head to meet eyes with the woman in front of him. “Dr. Watson?” she checked and John smiled at her.
“As though it never happened,” Sherlock said and it
“Sherlock, be serious,” Mycroft said, following him.
Violet watched her son stride out of the small kitchen, a fond smile on her face. Hamish tugged her apron politely and waited until she bent to face him.
“You’re welcome to sleep over,” Joan said some time later. They’d migrated to the overstuffed couch, both of them resting against opposite armrests with their legs tangled between them, and Sherlock realized with a start it was almost midnight.
“Nothing,” Sherlock repeated, without a twitch. “Now come John, we need to run. We have a meeting with two dead bodies at Bart’s.”
“Oh,” Mycroft said groggily, getting up. “Well, I’ll go sleep in the guestroom then-“
“Well that’s hardly a reason to have a conniption-“
“45 days love.”
“Hm,” Sherlock noted. “Body posture?”
I'm so sorry this is late, my darlings. My computer was giving me grief but all is well!
“Me too,” he said, leaning in. “Where in London?”
”I will never leave you if you promise never to leave me,” John swore and Sherlock believed him despite no supporting evidence, despite logic running to the contrary, despite everything he knew about the world and everything it'd ever promised him.
“I know.”
Angelica looked around, suddenly noticing where she was. “I don’t know where she is,” she confessed, her bottom lip starting to quiver and John bent down to scoop her up.
“What the fuck are you doing down there?” he asks, edges of fury in his tone and Sherlock is scared. He crouches on the ground like an abused woman, one hand holding his face.
“Listening,” the blob on the couch answered and John tried not to sigh.
“It was so hard, giving you to them,” she nodded. “The only way I was even able to do it was because I knew how loved you would be. How perfectly cared for and adored you would be. You belonged with them.”
“Let me in, love,” John begged through the door.
Sherlock had missed a thousand and one things about John and amongst them was John’s
They stayed that way for a while, drinking and watching couples dance and spin under the lights. The music moved from slow to fast to slow again and Joan seemed to know the words to every song, humming along or shouting the lyrics right into Sherlock’s ear, giggling as Sherlock pushed her away.
“What was that about?” John said briskly once they’d cleared the falls.
And for a while they kissed and held each other and that was perfectly enough.
“Oh you poor babies,” Cynthia cooed. “Go take a kip.”
“Nonsense, it’s easy. Just make sure to cradle her head,” John instructs and follows Mike down the hall, leaving Sherlock and the baby alone.
“I really need bug spray,” John confessed, thinking. “I might just give you money. I don’t know who’s watching my kids tonight. I can’t leave Mike alone twice.”
By the sixth house, Hamish’s voice was wavering and slowing in between sentences. “Um so that house was blue so maybe they really like that color…yawn…and um there was a porch so maybe the mummy likes to make lemonade and let the daddy drink on the porch while they watch the- yawn- sunset.”
“Jesus,” John whimpered as Sherlock yanked his shirt off. He started on John’s belt when John’s hand came to hold his.
Sherlock came back with a med kit and knelt by Harry’s leg. He looked up to meet Harry’s eyes.
Sherlock’s steady ease didn’t falter as he slid into John, the counselor biting down on the t-shirt hard enough to feel his teeth grind together in an attempt to stifle a scream. Sherlock, sensing his tension, ran soothing hands up and down the boy’s chest, murmuring into his shoulder as his head fell to the crook of John’s neck.
“And you-“ Sherlock started but John shushed him.
“Ms. Barret says they were murdered,” Agent Clarkson filled in, deceptively calm. “Home invasion. That’s when they took Chloe.”
“I know love, I know,” he eased. “You’re tight, it’s fine. We’ll take our time. We have all day.”
“That’s Daniel, my husband,” Annemarie spoke up as she caught Hamish staring at a picture of the two adults and their two oldest that must have been taken several years ago at Disney World. “And that’s Beth and Alex. Haley, she’s our youngest, was only born about two years ago.”
“That sounds suspiciously like sentiment.”
“It ought to- it’d be so much less boring that way,” Sherlock said and John was not quite sure if he was serious or not. Chances were he was.
“Morning, sunshine,” Joan chirped and Sherlock, despite the coffee, hated her. “You ready for whatever master plan it is that you won’t tell me about?”
Both fathers were rendered momentarily speechless and then John took a deep breath, partially on behalf of his son who did not seem to need one. “A person can have more than one Valentine because a person can love more than one person, baby,” he explained gently. “And I love you and Daddy the most out of anyone in the world so you’re both going to be my Valentines.”
His father looked at him appraisingly before apparently finding him worthy. "After you were born, your father barely took cases for two years," he informed Hamish.
Sherlock woke up with a start in her own bed, still fully clothed after coming home closer to one last night to a Mycroft who couldn’t figure out if he should look disappointed by her late-coming or wholly relieved that she’d somehow been invited to an actual party with other children her age. A quick look at her watch confirmed it was just past 12, and Joan had wanted her to come wake her up whenever she managed out of her stupor. A quick shower and change into something big and soft, all her edges felt raw, and she bounded out of the apartment and down the stairs before bounding right back up to make Joan a cup of coffee in a mug that, come to think of it, she’d actually stolen from Joan.
“Well, your parents are still… busy,” he said, remembering the lie. “I have a large guest room, you will be fine.”
“Holy bugman, is that your telly?” Hamish gasped, glancing at the 62” plasma on the wall.
Can’t say I’m proud of it.
Joan was still chattering, ranting about how great she was, but Sherlock wasn’t listening. It was her eyes that finally clued her in. She might have been the most observant person in the whole of Bushwick, but it took her until that very moment to catch what was blatant in Joan’s eyes.
“Messy,” John confessed. “And brilliant, sometimes. If you’re lucky. You could try it, you know. Molly’d go for you.”
“I’m so glad you could come- sorta.”
“I feel better, yeah. I’m…just having a direction to move in.”
He wore a slight smile on his face, between his conversing with Sherlock.
John looked between both Holmes brothers for a moment then reluctantly sat on the opposite end of the couch as Greg.
Greg smirked. “Being kidnapped by Mycroft is sort of a right of passage. So long as long as you don’t fail his test, anyway.”
“A Study in Pink. Nice.” Sherlock’s deep voice proclaimed in monotone from his laying position on the sofa.
"That's the spirit Cas." Dean snarked.
“You’ve undertaken the trials. You’re trying to pull one of the great levers, aren’t you?”
Greg brought a hand up to rub sheepishly at the back of his neck. “My wife and I are on the cusp of a divorce. She’s...she's been working on cleaning up her act. I should too." He shrugged. "Should at least make an effort.”
“You weren’t so bad yourself.” Mycroft ventured carefully, stepping toward the other man.
********************************
"It was a test," Cas confirmed. "to see how you would preform under...battlefield conditions, you might say."
"Oh, Yeah? And what are you going to do about it ya scrawny crock of shit?"
"This is your problem, Dean. You have no faith." Castiel told him condescendingly, his icy blue eyes boring into Dean's.
“Cas.” Dean said gently. “You okay?”
"Let him go! You're killing him, he can't breathe!" John Barked.
Barely twenty minutes after the D.I.'s first text was sent, Sherlock arrived at the address he had been provided.
"BORED!" Sherlock shouted at him.
A bored Sherlock was a loud and boisterous Sherlock. There was enough rambling and shouting lately to make up for the last several days of quiet when Sherlock had been unconscious.
Sherlock grabbed a magazine from the coffee table and flipped through the pages uninterestedly.
Lestrade simply nodded. That was enough information for now. They needed to get Sherlock to the hospital right away.
"Yeah?" Dean's lip curled up in a sneer. "Thanks for that." He said flatly before shoving the knife straight into the man's heart.
"Sherl...?" John began to question when the detective's other hand reached up to rest at the crook of the soldiers neck.
“Woah, woah. It’s okay, Greg. I know what you mean.”
******************************************************************
“Well, if I ever did, I’ve deleted it.”
Greg frowned. "Right. Right, I know. It's...It's just sex." He cleared his throat and returned his gaze to the other man. "But our jobs overlap too, Mycroft. And If we keep going the way that we're going...Well, someone's going to end up catching feelings."
It took several more excruciating minutes for the ambulance to arrive.
“You know, I asked him the other day what was in one particular specimen jar, because it gave off a certain glow, and he told me that it was
"Oh, John!" Sherlock cried from the sudden attack on his senses. "Fuuuck..."
Greg bit the inside of his cheek until he tasted blood. This new information seeped in like hypothermia, permeating his bones with an icy chill. She's been lying. He thought that she was honestly trying to fix things, but here was the proof that she wasn't. That she couldn't change. Maybe Greg couldn't change either.
“Press on his gums.” Greg supplied helpfully.
“No.” He responded simply to his lap. Then he lifted his head to look at Dean while putting on a fake smile that resembled a grimace more than anything. “But I will be.”
Dean's lips parted to protest and he dropped his head slightly, but no words came. He tried to steel himself instead and his nostrils flared as he fought back the sting of tears. "Why'd you do it?" He demanded.
He quickly wondered just how many suits the man owned. It seemed that the one he was in was worn rather frequently. Then there's the matter of that dastardly ring on his finger. Unhappily married though, as indicated by the tan line not standing out as much as it should if he never took it off, and the indentation not as prominent. No, it seemed this man was married more to his work than his spouse, and was not always faithful to either. The one thing he couldn't quite figure out is why the other man seemed to have an interest in him.
Bobby raised an eyebrow at Dean, then he raised the crowbar he had in his hand. As he prepared to strike, however, the being turned around and grabbed the weapon. Fingers were then laid upon his forehead and the old man instantly crumpled to the ground.
"No." The angel rasped.
“Buckle up, John. There’s a lot more to cover.” Sherlock told him.
The last vampire unhinged from the detective and yelled with rage. Then she retaliated by grabbing Sherlock’s throat and squeezing. “No!!!” John shouted.
Mycroft and Greg shared a knowing smile.
Sam briskly rubbed his face and then stood up. "I'll grab a map. I could use a break."
“Is that it? Is he good?” Dean asked.
"I'm not, um," Cas dropped his head. "a 'hammer', as you say." He shifted his gaze back to Dean. "I have questions. I have...doubts. I don't know what is right and what is wrong anymore. Whether you passed or failed, here." The confession was raw, honest.
Maybe John would have to find out on a different night.
The boy smiled weakly.
But it seemed like Sherlock had caught a scent, and if they were really pursuing a murderer, then John needed to have his wits about him.
Dean pushed his brother back and moved to stand in front of him. “You want a story?” The older Winchester questioned rhetorically. “Try Kevin Tran’s story. He was just a kid. He was a good straight ‘A’ kid and then he got sucked in. To all of this angle crap. He became a prophet of the word of God. Your prophet.” Dean snapped. “Now, you should have been looking out for him. But no. Instead you’re here. Holed up, reading books.”
The man looked up from his reading to fix his gaze on Dean. "I am an angel of the lord." He responded simply, as though it was obvious.
Maybe Greg heard wrong. Perhaps there were mafia members that call themselves vampires or something. He clasped the door handle to steady himself, still not sure if he should even really knock, or if he should try to come back later. Monsters, Sherlock had said. gods. vampires. supernatural. That's not possible. But why would these two, with their overly clever brains, even entertain the idea?
Greg nodded to Mycroft, signaling him to keep going. The hammer was drawn up again and then rendered the other knee useless. More blood. More screams. More pain.
"I have." Cas responded flatly.
“Re-Resonating? What do you mean resonating?” Dean stammered.
A realization hit Cas and he straightened up like a rod. "Hephaestas."
"Dean, the only thing that's gonna make me feel better is finding this cure."
Greg Lestrade finds out the truth in more ways than one. He really gets kicked while he's down in this one. Poor Greg.
"Check it out!" Dean exclaimed as he clumsily attempted to wield what looked like a short sword with gold in it. "The Spear of Destiny!" The broad blade fumbled out of his hands and clattered onto the floor. He rapidly picked it up, as though to recover his move.
Sherlock tried valiantly to jerk his arm back from Lestrade's grip, but the D.I. refused to be shaken off.
“Please?” The politician added. “It’s ruined anyway.”
"Worth a shot." Dean shrugged. "Now if Cas would get his feathery ass back here, we could be on our way."
“The bastard kidnapped me right after I had met Sherlock, trying to vet me. Made it to seem like he was all powerful and all knowing. He…” John giggled, the drink loosening his inhibitions slightly. “He offered me money to spy on Sherlock even. Course, I turned him down. He didn’t like that I saw right through his theatrics.”
Sherlock and John hunt vampires and Mycroft and Greg interrogate them. *Torture Depicted.* Sorry I can't keep on a decent timeline for getting these chapters out. I'm only going to be posting full stories from here on out. I get too distracted.
The kiss isn't wild. It's quite chaste in fact. Yet, John's heart is racing wildly. He's never kissed a man before, but this doesn't feel wrong, because it's Sherlock.
“No. No. Don’t do that. I don’t need you to…I’ll be fine, Mycroft. I’m a big boy.” The D.I huffed.
A pause from the Men of Letter's head of security, however, alerted Mycroft to trouble. "Well, Mr. Holmes, we did have everything under control. That is until..."
Then another thought struck him. “You’ve never felt bad about cheating before. What’s different now?” He inquired.
Lestrade was the first one on the scene. His heart jumped into his throat at the sight of Sherlock, covered in blood and collapsed into John.
“Sherlock! The order was to keep them
*Drug Use in this Chapter.*
Sherlock's face told a tale of several emotions at war with each other, once John was nicely seated in his lap.
*********************************************************
“Hmm?” That seemed to wake him up a bit more. “Oh. Sorry.” He withdrew his hand and used it to rub his prickly face.
“Gregory...” The detective’s chocolate brown eyes locked onto his and the rest of the sentence died in Mycroft’s throat. He found that he didn’t want to push Gregory away. Perhaps he did have some feelings on the matter, but Mycroft told himself it was because he was already worked up and was hoping for a release.
They stood like this for quite some time. Long enough to draw concern from the other Winchester in the next room over. "Everything okay in there, Dean? D'ja Fall in?" Sam called.
Cas' mind went blissfully blank at the contact. His body on the other hand, responded. His hands splayed out across Dean's lower back, wanting to have more of him in his grasp. Cas' lips meet the pressure of Dean's and he even began to deepen the kiss. A moan rose from his throat and it came out in a growl that Dean swallowed up greedily as he slipped his tongue into the slick heat of Cas' mouth.
The smug bastard, thought Greg as Mycroft retreated cooly back to the office door. What a tease. "Perhaps you'll be hearing from me again rather soon, Detective Lestrade."
The detective was aware of an intense pain in his head, the feeling of warm sticky blood running down his face, a burning in his lungs.
"Mycroft. Seems fitting. An unusual name for an unusual gent...with an unusual brother." Greg smiled widely.
"...Can't stand your kind!...I oughta sock ya right in the jaw...doing something like that, and in a public place!..."
Greg's head tipped back and he swallowed down a moan. "If I can't stay faithful to her, then I won't be able to be faithful to you either." Greg panted. Mycroft dropped his hand and lifted an eyebrow at him. "I don't require you to be faithful, Gregory. We aren't in a relationship."
“My Father loved to create. He made billions of galaxies. You honestly think yours was the only planet with life on it?” Cas questioned condescendingly.
Lestrade piped up. “You may as well, Sherlock has hardly been trying to keep a wrap on things. John’s just about figured it out himself.”
"What is it?" Sherlock asked, not bothering to even look at John.
Dean and Bobby were immediately up and ready, on high alert. "Wishful thinking, but maybe it's just the wind." The younger man voiced as the noise continued. Bobby just shrugged his shoulders in response.
“Deleted it?”
“Oh, you meant spectacularly ignorant in a nice way? Look, it doesn’t matter to me who’s prime minister, or who’s sleeping with whom…” Sherlock explained, waving his hands about as he talked.
But isn't that what Sherlock admired about John? His commanding presence, his surety, his, well, boldness.
"...apparently, two or more of them were involved with an official police murder investigation that Sherlock was assigned to."
John raised an eyebrow as one of Sherlocks hands came to brace the hip under his crooked elbow.
He thought he'd had this mess of a case sorted, but there it was mocking him. He had forgotten to have Sherlock fill out the one thing he needed to wrap up the case and it was going to court in two days. It couldn't wait. He sighed miserably as he stuffed the papers into a spare folder and stood up to grab his coat and keys.
“S’okay. Wasn’t my bad one.”
It seemed to Cas that Dean didn’t really knew how to act around him most of the time.
John obeyed, sinking to his knees in the dark alleyway, his hands still up and his fingertips coming to rest behind his ears.
Sherlock quickly returned with the severed head from the fridge, and tossed it at John. The solider instinctively caught it, then immediately dropped it on the coffee table with a loud thud. “Christ Sherlock! What the hell?”
John.
Lestrade strode over next to John, turned his back to the brothers, and leaned in to whisper in John’s ear. “You’re going to want to sit down for this one, mate. It’s a bit of shock.” He clasped John’s good shoulder in camaraderie and gave it a squeeze, before tossing himself on the sofa.
“You were an army
Bobby and Dean shared a glance with each other, perplexed. As the thing came forward, it was obvious that it resembled a man. He was shorter than Dean, with dangerously dark spiky hair and unnaturally piercing blue eyes.
Dean sat on a park bench, watching kids run around on the playground in front of him. He felt Cas' presence before he ever saw him. "Let me guess, you're here for the 'I told you so'." He voiced without looking over at the angel.
****************************
Lestrade sat at his desk with his head in his hands. A sharp tapping sound, the tip of Mycroft's umbrella on his office door, alerted Greg to the eldest Holmes presence. The cop gave his face a thorough scrub with both hands before rising from his chair and allowing a warm smile to plaster itself on his face. "Mycroft." The D.I. said, low and soft. "It's good to see you. Sorry that it had to be under such unfortunate circumstances."
Both of the Holmes attention snapped to Lestrade.
"You did the right thing, John. I would have died if you had tried to stop him any other way."
He did not have the luxury of indulging in feelings with his line of work. It's not that he was incapable, but he'd had a lifetime of practice keeping them at bay. Besides, the more space in his brain he dedicated to filling with facts and information, the less space he left for his heart and it's ridiculous whims. Therefore, it was Gregory that was worried about having feelings for Mycroft. Which most likely meant that he was already starting to develop those feelings.
It was a good two weeks before John found the next present on their kitchen table.
“Careful balance of detailed and unnecessary information," Sherlock explained. “just interesting enough to keep him occupied but useless enough to give him room to drift off.”
“This should be interesting,” Sherlock commented dryly and John laughed out loud.
“What?” Joan cried, loud enough to attract the attention of the nearby tables and loud enough to startle Sherlock out of her gloomy stare at the table graffiti. “No, you idiot. No!”
“Joan, I-“ Sherlock tried to say, her lips moving just slightly against the shell of Joan’s ear, and Joan nodded and spun them slowly around in a circle as Sherlock stuttered and could not find the words. Next to them, Kelsey was dancing with Grace in some mockery of a waltz, the two of them laughing too hard to finish it. Marcie was jumping around with Cammy and Ellie and the whole room was flush with chaotic joy but Sherlock and Joan barely noticed it, lost in the closeness of each other.
“John!” a voice shouted and Mike came out to wrap John in a bear-hug. “You came!”
“Which one?” Hamish asked sleepily, blinking himself awake.
“135 days.”
It was clear Hamish had grown up in their odd house because he didn’t question the odd command but instead immediately pulled his arm back and stopped as Sherlock’s hands touched him.
“Nothing, nothing really,” Sherlock said, rubbing at her eyes with the heel of her palms. Her voice was shot through, rough and used up, and she coughed a bit to clear her throat. The tears had already stopped, it had been a brief uncontrollable reaction, and Sherlock was trying not to feel ashamed of it. “I’m fine, I promise. It was just-”
Sherlock was quiet a moment, letting everything properly file itself. And then he stood. “Stand up,” he ordered and Hamish immediately obeyed, pushing his chair back. He was growing like a weed, already taller than John, and Sherlock wouldn’t be surprised if one day they might be eye-to-eye. “Show me how you punched.”
*phone call 11:25 pm*
“We’re not going to gross you out with soppy love speeches,” he promises and the room laughs. “But if you’ll all permit me, I would just like to say I was a very broken teenager, and an even more broken man,” he smiles up at Sherlock, utterly earnest. “And this man loved me anyway.”
Sherlock nods, the motion making him sick as he swings upside down.
Hamish pulled back the velvet curtain one more time, peeking out at the audience, and sighed. Still no sign of his parents.
“Sorry,” mumbled Sam and Harry kindly accepted, nodding politely.
“Excuse me,” Sherlock choked out and then bolted, wrenching her hand out of Joan’s and leaving behind her coat, her bag, hurtling herself up the stairs and out of the big, heavy front doors, down the street until she couldn’t make it any further before she heaved.
Sherlock thought and felt her insides glow with pride, for just a minute. Yes, Joan was lying to her right now but only because she wasn’t ready to tell her something personal just yet but wanted to tell her eventually. She trusted Sherlock.
“Only one of them is Daddy,” Hamish protested weakly and that was all.
John was trying to keep his breathing even as images of Sherlock, age thirteen, flooded his mind, a skinny boy with too much hair, too sharp a tongue and no friends save a-
From: Here’sJonny@email.com
“Sir, yes sir?” John asks and the commander moves to reveal a female in fatigues, one of the few John’s seen so far. Conceptually he knows there are women in the British army, but he’s never gotten a chance to talk to one yet.
Hamish refused to let himself blush. “Yes, that might be a smart idea,” he acknowledged. “Partner will you please…help me find trousers?” he requested, attempting to remain as dignified as possible.
he ordered himself. All at once, his dad’s voice was in his head- silky and commanding.
“Um, is Annemarie home?” he inquired and the girl studied him before holding out a finger.
“Sherlock, for god’s sake, I’m supposed to be at the surgery tomorrow at seven,” John begged, standing in the kitchen in his bathrobe.
Anyway, this chapter was a harken back to my lifeguarding days. Any other lifeguards in the house?
“It’ll be fine. I’ll stay with you the whole time, promise,” she vowed and Sherlock found herself nodding as Joan pulled her outside to where a gaggle of girls in leather and jean were waiting. Marcie snubbed out her cigarette and pulled Sherlock into a rough, one-armed hug.
“No, budge Sherlock,” John moaned, blinking his eyes open. “I really do need to wake my kids up. Mike-“
That pacified the boys and they trotted neatly off to brush their teeth and crawl into their poorly-made bed, now that all their sheets, save a pillow and blanket, were already packed. John waited until all the boys had gone to bed before announcing: “Torch time in three, two, one,” and flipped off the light as six torched switched on from various bunk beds.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We’ll just wash,” John compromises and Sherlock grins.
The rest of the day went by in something of a haze with her brain alternating between tracks of
John’s kisses leave bright teeth-marks along Sherlock’s neck, his hands shove Sherlock painfully into a bed
“We never- Jim and I- when I told you you were my first kiss, it was true,” Sherlock tried to explain and John understood.
“I know, I know,” Hamish cut him off, still sulking. “Sometimes he needs ta think deep people thoughts. Only I don’t like that answer on account of how Uncle Mycroft is also super duper smart, even smarter than Daddy sometimes, and he doesn’t have thundercloud moods.”
“Mummy-“ Mycroft started suddenly, stepping forward, and all eyes swiveled towards him.
The bar the girls go to is based strongly off of a lesbian bar called Bonnie and Clyde’s in the west village which was one of the only fully-lesbian bars in the city at the time. Most were, as Joan says, mixed and primarily occupied by gay men (and supposedly much raunchier).
“Not physically. I mean-“ Sherlock struggled with the term, “I’m not a virgin anymore.”
“Deal,” Sherlock agreed, a faint smile flitting across his face.
Sorry about the wait, darlings. Things are a little crazy over at Shay Inc. No spoilers, but I may have some news for you guys sooner rather than later.
“So um, as a lot of you know, this June a bunch of us marched on Washington for Title IX-“ Joan started before she was cut off again by an enormous cheer. Sherlock felt her head swimming. How did all of them know what that meant?
“Look John, really
“Yeah only he can’t on account of how he’s stuffed,” Hamish reminded his silly Papa and John wondered how people considered fatherhood easier than, say, Afghanistan.
“Captain John Watson, of the Northumberland Fusiliers,” he introduced, using his most brilliant smile. “Sherlock and I have been friends since primary.”
“I-I-“ Sherlock stammered and then John was above him again.
Sherlock thought about it a minute. “No he’s by your Aunt Harry. Or he’s at work. What day is it again?” he asked.
Harry had a rope burn on his leg and a cut that started bleeding slowly as they left the water. Sherlock helped him up, an arm around his waist, and bent down.
“I’m sorry I took your bed,” Sherlock said quickly, uncomfortable with the way Mycroft was watching her. “You can sleep in mine, provided you wash the sheets after, of course. Don’t want to catch a disease or anything-“
“God, you’re beautiful,” John gasped, thrusting slowly into Sherlock, their hands interlocked on top of the sheets. The whole thing seemed near dreamlike, with the hotel room bathed in soft candlelight and Sherlock moaning gloriously beneath him.
“You’ve turned me into nothing but a sex fiend, John,” Sherlock teased, running one hand up John’s thigh and the boy shuddered. “You’ve reduced the greatest intellect England had ever seen into nothing more than a petting slave.”
“John, come here
Sherlock seemed to light up as he remembered and then promptly looked confused again. “Yes. You took them this year,” he puzzled.
“This is me,” John prompted at they passed by B221.
getting to show off the one person who seemed inexplicably in love with him?
“Where?” Joan, and god didn’t that make the skin on Sherlock’s arms stand up, her body feel too big for its own skin, said standing up and walking over to collect her shoes. “And what?”
“You’re making an abominable racket,” the voice- Sherlock- said from his position in the doorway. “Some of us are trying to sleep.”
When Sherlock began to talk, John nearly missed it, so wrapped up was he in running in fingers lazily thought those angel curls. They were criminal, honestly, but Sherlock’s voice drifted to him through his post-orgasmic haze and he turned his head so he could watch Sherlock talk, eyes near closed and eyelashes curling.
"It's Parent and Me class, as you know very well," his son corrected haughtily, even as he unstrapped his daughter and gave her a good cuddle before handing her into Sherlock's waiting arms. "And we left in the middle as soon as Hopkins called to tell me my parents were en route to hospital
“I’m gonna go check on the other groups,” she said and Sherlock turned back to her group with a nod, fighting with everything in herself to keep from touching the spot on her cheek.
“Thank you,” John sighed, letting go. “Last thing we need is to give Mycroft a reason to get involved in
What was happening to him? He’d read about lust, he’d never been blind to the interactions between other boys at Eton and the girls they kept in pictures on their walls. But surely this wasn’t it? If Sherlock was to ever like someone, it wouldn’t be someone as pedestrian as-
The boy was sitting on a bench outside the dining hall, reading something big and bulky by the light from the windows. He looked up at the sound of John’s footsteps and started, surprised.
So yes, John Watson thought they were happy.
“My Mike?”
186 days.
Sherlock was still seething, but John swam over, eyeing him carefully.
“Stop it, both of you,” she ordered and both boys looked down at their laps. John bit his lip to keep from giggling at the sight of the two Holmes boys looking like scolded puppies. “We are going and that is final.”
Sherlock spun around violently, still holding two fingers to the cut, to find Joan Watson in nothing but a towel staring openly at her. How had she missed that someone was in here; her injury was making her slow, but Sherlock was too preoccupied to obsess about her deductive slip. Instead, she was grappling with everything in her to keep her gaze fixed firmly to safe areas, like Joan’s face- which was still wet from the shower and home to small droplets gently sliding down her jaw to her long neck-
“Are sweatpants okay to wear after your shower?” Joan asked, rustling through her drawers and very clearly ignoring Sherlock’s question. For once in her life, she took a hint. She had a nearly-certain guess anyway.
John swallowed. “Right, yeah,” he said a bit lamely, trying to maintain eye contact through the haze of awkwardness. “If you’ll excuse me, I’m just going to bash my head against a wall in mortification. As you were,” he prompted and then spun on his heels and left, condoms forgotten on the table.
Sorry updates on this thing are so sporadic. They actually kind of just happen as the kids I babysit do cute/horrible things. Hope they're worth the wait :)
“He’s in trouble Mycroft. I called and this guy answered and I think he’s taking something. Mycroft please, I don’t have the car, I can’t get to Eton and no trains are running, you need to go-”
“Yes, dull,” he sighed, turning to the collection of teenagers by the large bonfire. “Those two are hooking up, pink shirt hated red shirt because red shirt has the job she wanted, boy with black hair wants to date that redhead by the cooler, but she’d got a boyfriend back home. Dull.”
John appraised his son, not the same calculating gaze as his husband but something softer and occasionally more perceptive. "Paternity leave treating you well?" he asked, hitting the very heart of the elephant in the room.
“We’ll leave you to it, yeah?” John smiles, clapping his best friend on the arm.
They were both awakened not even an hour later by someone clearing their throat in the doorway. Sherlock sat up clumsily to see Hamish standing there with ruffled hair, his face drawn in the faint hallway light.
“So Sherlock, where are you from?” he asked, making conversation.
“I don’t have friends,” Sherlock said, as though it was obvious. As though it was only natural. As though he was okay with it.
“Tell her to talk to Lestrade. He’s met me.”
“Sherlock,” he says softly, just a breath of air in the night silence. “When I’m gone, do you ever wish- do you ever want to… with someone else-“
Sherlock’s nerves felt like they were on fire as John rubbed luxuriously against him, treading to stay above water, and then he was flush against John’s naked body, John devouring his mouth.
“It’s spaghetti, not pasketti; try it again Hamish,” Sherlock corrected from the floor, voice near flat in his shock.
“They’ve already started packing bags,” Mike admitted. “And a whole day early too. Though we may have to explain to them that a change of socks and a t-shirt does not constitute a- Three! Two! One! Well done, Harry!”
John had stood inside by the wall, feeling ridiculous in swimming trunks and a vest. “It’s safe, Hamish,” he’d promised. “Look, Papa’s doing it.”
Sherlock sighs, imperceptibly. “She always liked you. Said you were good for me.”
“That’s lovely, darling,” John smiled in spite of himself and Sherlock waved the waiter over to change their orders to takeout.
John glanced over at Hamish. “I thought we might go to dinner, actually,” he mentioned regretfully and Hamish squeezed his hand.
“Yes, the budget, you did say that,” she started and Richards glanced at her, confused, before she continued. “The budget would be rather tight, especially after buying Coach Mathews a new car.”
“Fantasized is a better word,” Joan mumbled, fully red, “for which I felt immensely guilty, mind you, because you made it clear this wasn’t what you wanted. Sherlock, if this is,” Joan swallowed, looking up, finally, to meet Sherlock’s eyes, “if this is some kind of
Sally looked down, properly embarrassed, and John spoke up softly. “Maybe we should ask her?” he offered and Sherlock turned a gentler look on his husband.
“Pa nearly smacked me,” Hamish laughed and then left it there. They both didn’t mention that Hamish’s parents had rather let them get away with anything back then, as long as it meant Chloe was happy. “And then two years ago, when you took me on that gator ride through the everglades?”
may be a better word. We will not hurt her.”
“Bastard,” John choked out because really, it was a low blow even for Sherlock. But he stopped himself from saying more because he knew exactly what this was. “You don’t have to go into self-defense mode Sherlock. I’m not judging you.”
“John always told me he was taken, and I see why he was so faithful,” Sarah smiles when she first meets him, at the door as he lets her in. Sherlock doesn’t say anything, just shows her upstairs. It kills him.
It's been nearly a month since we talked, John. I tried to write you another letter, twice. But I know you're busy. You just have no idea how boring it gets up here. Sometimes it feels like I’m the only person in the world who thinks, who feels. I know you’re busy with A levels and you can’t text or call much, but it’s so awful without you. I feel empty, like I’m not even real. I’m a ghost.
“You are different,” John said and Sherlock looked up. John’s oceans were calm now, light blue and easy, and Sherlock had no problem tumbling in, resting against white shores of sand. “You’re mine.”
Sherlock cheered for all three goals.
“Right yes,” Sherlock cleared his throat awkwardly. “Well, your father and I were not withholding evidence, per say, but rather using it privately until we’d learned more from it.”
“I moved,” she explained, intentionally vague, as the girls crept down the hallway. The school looked different at night, more menacing and looming with its empty, dark halls. She dropped down again outside the office door, Joan shining a light on the lock so she could work, and then they walked inside.
“John-“ he tried to warn him but there were lights flashing in his brain as it conjured up familiar images of John on his knees, his mouth around Sherlock and he couldn’t
“You are,” he shrugged. “But normal’s boring.”
In the past waking nightmare of her previous sexual experience- and Joan had told her she didn’t have to call it that, that she had every right to say she was a virgin if she wanted to and strike the whole thing from the record, but she had done those things and had those things done to her and she wasn’t a virgin even if it hadn’t been her choice- Sherlock had certainly come a handful of times. He’d held those times over her head, leverage maybe or to assuage his own guilt, and they had never felt good. They were just things that happened to her, to the transport that was her body and that she couldn’t cut herself loose from no matter how many drugs she was taking.
“It’s a wonder you didn’t break your hand,” his father tisked, large palms making contact with Hamish’s hips. “Tuck your thumb in or you’ll lose it,” Sherlock warned and Hamish immediately corrected. “And settle your weight here, or you’ll fall the minute you swing.”
“I know,” Sherlock sighed against John’s neck. “We are grossly unprepared out here. But once we get home-“
she’d said and Joan had shrugged as if they were discussing the weather.
Why on earth are you dating me?
Sherlock didn’t press; she’d figure it out herself in a matter of days and they’d reached her apartment anyway. “I’ll just be a minute,” she said, rooting around in her bag for her key.
John started. “After me?” he asked, looking at the bear. “Am I really that fat?”
Alex obeyed with a quick ogle at Hamish before he ran back down the hall towards the sound of the chatter. Annemarie motioned to Hamish with her head and he kept following her around the corner and into a small study with bookcase-lined walls, a pair of sofas and a computer desk in the corner. Annemarie closed the door and then gestured for Hamish to sit on one of the couches. Once he was settled, she sat down across from him.
“I report August 29
“Those are murderers!” he yelled, getting furious. “They killed people! And you’re just letting them go free because I’m a minor?”
She sat alone for a few minutes in the center of the crowd, as Yvette checked some last details with them, put the finishing touches on their group’s notes, and stood up to bring them to Betty. Her body felt less likely to revolt and her hands had stopped shaking, instead lying still and slightly damp in her lap.
“Armchair?” John stumbled over but Sherlock was nodding thoughtfully.
Sherlock could have cried.
Chris was spared from answering by yet another bout of puke and John just rubbed his back, smoothing his hair away from his face.
When they were seven, John showed Sherlock “Peter Pan.” Sherlock could read, better than anyone in all of Year Two, but he’d looked at the book skeptically. He liked to read books about smart things, with words John didn’t understand.
“Yeah only being a boyfriend is really
“Obvious,” Sherlock whispered to John. He knew how John loved to hear his deductions, his eyes would light up like lights and his mouth would crinkle as he tried not to laugh. “They’ve been advertising for weeks, it’s just in town, and it’s a love story. Mummy
Sherlock swallowed thickly and then complied, standing before John utterly naked. He could
“Sherlock, you sound excited.”
Sherlock gasped as John bit his lower lip, worrying away at it a moment before capturing his mouth again, tongue darting in to reclaim lost territory. John pulled Sherlock’s tongue into his own mouth, sucking on it gently and Sherlock moaned embarrassingly loud, realizing suddenly the bedroom door was still open.
“Text him yourself Harry! Sorry. Anyway, I wanted to do it in person… sorta. I know you miss me, I miss you too. I’ll see you Easter though, alright? Or your next long leave. Or whenever you can really, I’ll take it. I adore you, you berk. Merry Christmas.”
Sherlock stumbled out of bed and downstairs, not even bothering to get dressed past throwing on a dressing gown. The dining hall was empty, breakfast was probably hours ago, but he found John in the gardens, reading under a tree.
John felt pain, like he’d never felt before, shoot through him as Sherlock stayed where he was and didn’t run to him, didn’t bury his face in John’s neck, didn’t kiss him breathless.
“Who is she?” Sherlock asked.
“No, I know,” Sherlock bristled. “I just thought- behind the bar or maybe-“
Probably because they were too busy noticing Sherlock who was laying into John with such viciousness, Hamish took an instinctive step back.
“I didn’t know, I observed,” Sherlock said briskly, and John had no idea what to make of that. With an almighty sigh, as though John had asked him to wash the dishes or mop the dining hall, Sherlock turned his gaze on the teen. His grey eyes swept up the boy’s body once, twice and then settled on John’s face, grey locked on ocean blue.
“I’m assuming there’s some modern nonsensical song you want me to listen to?” Sherlock drawled and Joan emerged triumphant with a record in hand and set to placing it down.
John was suddenly aware of something
He falls asleep on the sofa, pacing himself to death. He cries in his sleep, sharp, sniffling sounds that tears Mycroft’s heart apart as he sits in the kitchen waiting for a phone call. He wakes him at four am with a soft nudge and they’re en route to the hospital, Sherlock no more than a bundle of nerves.
“No, no, it’s fine,” Sherlock said quickly and John smiled shyly to himself. He checked his watch and jumped up, shocked.
“Best do as he says, love,” John laughed into Sherlock’s shoulder, turning red, and Sherlock chuckled into his hair.
“Yep,” John smiled, trying to ignore the way that made his heart ache.
When it’s all over, he runs down the stairs and into the waiting arms of his soldier, not even bothering to pick up his cap as it flutters to the ground.
John turned on his side and Sherlock turned to face him and in a minute they were snogging, mouths moving with practiced precision. Sherlock suddenly realized how
“No no no, he’s Papa. That’s my Daddy,” Hamish explained, pointing to still-catatonic Sherlock on the floor. “Papa, why does Daddy look like that dead guy you showeded me once who was hit in the head with a fruit bat?”
But then
“Did you boys have a good time?” Cynthia asked, settling back down and taking Victoria’s feet back into her lap.
“Deleting,” Sherlock said dryly.
“Is the chicken okay, Laurel?” John checked politely and Laurel nodded back. Somehow she’d been seated nearest to the fridge and so no one was properly prepared to intercede when she stood and said,
“There’s still a ton of hours before dark,” he said, looking around. Sherlock was sitting cross-legged on the roof of the car, feeling utterly useless. “Wanna go for a hike?”
“But I killed him instead. Does that make me better?” John asks, voice shaking and Sherlock holds him, desperate and broken.
had a chair meant for adults or those above three feet tall, why couldn’t they? “We understand that every child has a unique creative vision and that no child-“
“Ullo Papa,” he greeted blearily and Mycroft couldn’t help but grin fondly. He really was turning into a sentimental old fool. “Yeah, I’m by Uncle Mycroft. Mrs. Anthea said you and Daddy were helping the police.” He paused, listening to his father. “No, it was really fun! We watched cartoons and ate pasketti and Uncle Mycroft let me wear his shirt as a jammie.”
Sherlock knew she was terrible at braids- one of the few reasons she tolerated Mycroft touching her- but Joan’s braiding had felt
“We’re being summoned,” she said, and when had her voice gotten so hoarse? Joan turned around to see Kelsie and some of the other girls waving them over. Joan squeezed her arm and then dropped her hand to interlock with Sherlock’s, dragging them over to their friends.
“Not bad at all,” she said and off they went.
for her brother well up inside her- he who had every reason to abandon her but had done the very opposite, who’d loved her despite, or maybe because.
John thought, glaring at the ease with which Sherlock handled his long limbs.
“John-“ he started but John cut him off.
"I wouldn't dream of it," he promised and Annie gurgled her agreement. Hamish sighed. "Look, you're my parents. You can do, and will do, whatever you please and it's your life and all that. But you can't get mad at me when I worry. And now with Annie-" Sherlock slid her into her father's arms before Hamish even realized he had them open for her, "I just-" Hamish wasn't sure how to phrase it.
“Do you mind, Mike?” John said calmly, trying to ignore the third leg he was rapidly growing.
“Maybe,” she said back, her voice oddly gone, and Mycroft nodded.
“I need to get changed for our run,” he said, pulling out sweatpants,
"Yeah well, I worry," Hamish admitted in the gruff, uncomfortable way he often did when forced to admit human emotion.
school- to escape the awful boys his age. And now his mother was bringing them here?
He hit the pool with a splash and it was only a second before John was next to him, pulling him into an incredibly slick and naked embrace.
“No,” John said softly and in an instant, they were bounding up the stairs and into Hamish’s room, freezing in the doorway. The two boys had broken into Sherlock’s stage makeup and painted the room in lipstick, doodles littering the pale blue walls.
He tried playing dumb. “What?” he called back, aiming three punches at the bag’s “sweet spot.”
“You are the most wonderful thing I have ever had,” he says, eyes earnest, and Sherlock wants to cry too.
Sherlock curls up in his bed, all alone, and even John-the-Bear can’t hold him. He throws it across the room as John begins to scream upstairs, shattering his lamp. The soundtrack of their fucking lives.
In the end he didn’t have to knock. The door was partially open and all John had to do was push it open gently. Sherlock was sitting up and tangled in his sheets, his hair a nest, his fingers flying across a laptop keyboard but he looked up as John entered and put it down.
“Mummy-“ he tried, but there was nothing the genius could think to say. Victoria didn’t need much anyway.
“Let’s head back,” was all he said and they ran back, their bodies making long shadows in the moonlight. As they ran, their shadows held hands. Sherlock tried not to think of symbolism.
“Cause she likes you and you want her to be happy. And it’s a nice thing to do.”
“Why not me?” Sherlock cried, shocked, as John raised a fist triumphantly in the air behind him, mouthing
John smiled. “Someone gorgeous, shouldn’t be hard. You could get anyone you know, face like an angel.”
“You’re cool, Sherlock Holmes,” Joan laughed. “Be my friend?”
John looked up at him, locking him in. “Take me to bed,” he ordered, voice low.
John started to laugh just as a blurred shape came bounding down the stairs. “Papa!” Hamish screamed, barreling into his father’s arms and John bowed his head to allow his face to be smothered in kisses.
“What about the country house? Are you selling it?”
“It’s alright,” he whispers, the biggest lie he’s ever told, holding her to his chest, running his fingers through her hair. “It’s alright.”
“John?” Sherlock whispered in the dark and John turned to him.
“For me,” John says, gently. “I need somewhere to sleep.”
“Sherlock!” he called out and the lifeguard suddenly spun around, nearly nose to nose with John. His unfathomably eyes showed an unadulterated fury that had John near shaking.
They imagined their flat in London, with a wide area for lab experiments and an extensive laboratory. They didn’t have sex again because this wasn’t a marathon of sensations, it was a marathon of connections and they were connecting just fine.
, and maybe, like a
“Harry, what’s going on? Is everything alright? Where’s Sherlock? Is-“
It felt like his body was being run by two separate people. One part of his brain wanted to catalogue all of this, John’s respiration rate, his heart rate, his pupil dilation. Wanted a blood sample and maybe a urine sample. He could write a whole paper on the effects of running on teenage nightmare victims, publish it under a pseudonym. It’d be an early Christmas present to himself.
“Oh, I’m sorry. Were you in the bloody scouts? I know how to subdue a runner, husband dearest!”
Hold on, looking up train scheduales to Eton.
“I know you want a scar, to impress that girl in G232, but don’t pick at this as it scabs,” Sherlock cautioned as he spread bacitracin on the cut and started to wrap it in gauze. “It could get infected.”
“Sherlock-“ he started, his words choked but Sherlock wasn’t done with show and tell. He reached back into the bedpost and took out a small bag and a needle.
“But then, when I was about twelve, he started drinking,” John confessed. “Well it was only after he lost his job, till he found a new one. But then he didn’t and he started drinking more and more and-“
He heard his Pa take in an audible breath. “Oh love, I’m so sorry. Your Uncle Greg called and we just- what time does it start?”
“Sherlock, your brother is not out to destroy you.”
“You are, by far, the best thing to ever happen to me,” John told him, working frantically at his buttons as their mouths collided. It was an instant scrape of tongue, heatedly begging for more pressure, more contact, more more
“Sherlock-“
He drew in a shuddering breath and then the music slowed. Wordlessly, he dipped John, the blonde’s head inches from the floor, and he leaned over to whisper in his ear,
“I want you to fuck me,” John said softly, utterly innocent and pure and Sherlock felt his stomach turn over.
“Shut up,” she laughed, pushing him, and John whistled for the B221 boys to come down and gather around the pathetic fire to attempt burger grilling.  They manage to cook it enough to avoid food poisoning and that’s all anyone can ask from campfire food, really.
“Right, of course, thank you Ruth,” Yvette smiled. “NYRF is planning to march in anticipation of the legal decision for Roe v Wade that’s expected to come right after the inauguration, maybe a day or two after. So maybe march down for the inauguration, start with a Nixon protest to get the energy going and then camp outside the supreme court? It’ll either be a celebration or a protest but we want to be there regardless.”
" I never predicted this from you,” he admitted, voice uneven.
“Go answer it then,” John instructed with a sigh as he watched Sam brush his teeth. He was fully confident his kids wouldn’t so much as touch a toothbrush unless he stood in the bathroom with them.
“There’s a mountain range not far from here,” John explained, drinking his orange juice. “We spent a night there last summer, it was lovely.”
John bent back over his map. “Yeah, it looks like there are- hey!”
But as they’re lying in bed that night, John’s arm wrapped protectively around Sherlock’s stomach, fingers sneaking under his tee-shirt to caress pictures into flesh, John can’t help but worry.
“Thank you Mycroft.”
A warm hand on her arm pulled her out her thoughts and Sherlock found herself turning back from the doorway she’d been escaping through and facing Joan head on. The shorter girl was still a bit flushed from her speech and still grinning madly.
