This stalled him.  “I believe the day you admit I am right, the universe will have no other choice but to collapse in on itself,” Mycroft said lightly.
Molly didn’t reply immediately, apparently stunned.  Then with an obvious fond smile in her voice she said “You’re welcome Sherlock.  Now go!”
“Extra data was required.”  This was something of a lie.  In fact it was a complete and utter lie.  The police had already attained a warrant to search Jack’s staff locker and had found what Greg termed ‘an
Page after page of sketches and drawings of himself looked back at him.  One of him hiding a laugh, several of him at rugby, scowling, drawing, arguing, and (Sherlock’s personal favourite) the soft look he reserved for when Sherlock said something accidently sweet without realising.  All captured in pencil and even a few in ballpoint pen.
But then the pressure on his hip and the mouth was gone and Sherlock groaned in frustration. Sherlock hadn’t realised his eyes were screwed shut until he opened them again, a demand on the tip of his tongue. It quickly turned into a moan as John tugged at his earlobe with his teeth. He just caught the whispered “Two” over the sound of his own panting.
“Oh Hi!” Molly answered, sounding much happier.  “Yeah, I’ll just go get him for you.  How are you anyway?”  John could hear her movements through the phone.
either.  It was a delicate balancing act, one that had to be rigidly enforced.  One war was considered quite enough.
The sensation rolled over him, until it was all he could feel, except the noise of John following him over the edge and at some point in the future when he could feel his limbs he was going to relive that noise over and over again until it was embedded into his mind, a part of him forever.
Sherlock sighed.  "She sent me over because she knew I fancied you. Her and Victor have been scheming to get us together for weeks.  Victor walks by the café when he knows we're in there which is why I sat facing the window, so you wouldn't see him,"  Sherlock said this hurriedly and sounded as if he was making a horrible confession instead of making John's dreams come true.
“John!”  The voice on the other side sounded surprised.  It was also incredibly loud.  “It’s Becky.”  John’s mind scrambled.  Becky, who the fuck was Becky?   “From work?  You had a shift this morning.  We were worried.”
Even when Mrs Hudson called up to announce a young man was here to see him, by the end of the fortnight, he could barely rally the energy to be pleased about it.  It was probably useless anyway.  However, he did manage to prop himself up.
This wasn’t his bedroom.  This wasn’t even a bedroom.  It was a living room.  But not his living room.  Where the hell was he?
“I go by Sherlock now Father,” was the reply as he sprawled, “not that you would now,” he muttered under his breath.
“You seen any more of those signs?” Greg’s voice was casual and he was staring straight ahead.  The investigation into the signs had stalled and agitation was setting in but Greg would be damned if he showed it.
Often when he was drowsing between sleep and wake, not yet awake enough to pretend to be above emotions but not dreaming either, Sherlock thought of all the moments since the start of term, thought of the way his life was almost perfect now.  Yes, things were pretty fantastic indeed.
“You have my attention now,” he said primly, before pausing.  “Oh,” he breathed.  Moriarty’s smile twisted.
Sherlock sighed.  “Well currently we are without evidence and apparently you are all very keen on that to convict people or whatever.  The symbols work was just us, but there are enough angels involved in the investigation to make it suspicious if the files go missing.”
“We have movement,” Sherlock interrupted softly.  Both Lestrade and John followed Sherlock’s gaze to the Underground entrance.  A figure had emerged, shrouded in a hoody and tracksuit bottoms.  From this angle he looked like an ordinary guy just making his way home which would be entirely plausible if the tube hadn’t stopped running an hour earlier.  No one in the car dare move.  The figure had paused and was looking at a phone.  Orientating.
“I expect you to join me or die as well.  Looking at the state of you it’s probably the latter.  Such a
“Apart from the demonstration they don’t fall, length, weight, colour markings, energy register.  Go test it in your lab but I’m willing to bet my wings that it isn’t mine.  It’s also not another angel, the colour makes that obvious.”
looking but it was obvious he was nowhere near Sherlock’s level of beauty that even Sherlock himself must have noticed and oh god, all of Sherlock’s friends were going to be there and-
He was halfway down the corridor when Lestrade shouted back at him “What do you mean you know people?”
“Yeah, sorry.  Incident last night.  I’ll be right there,” he said, dragging himself from the table.  The prospect of going up the stairs was upsetting.  Nearly more upsetting than being fired for not showing up.
“You should listen to him you know.”  Two sets of eyes snapped to his face but there was only one he could concentrate on.
John expected Molly to recoil from such a statement.  Instead she looked curious, and here John realised why Sherlock was allowed a run on the labs down here.  She glanced behind her and turned back, leaning in.  “Fine.  Don’t break anything.  Be out by morning.  I’ll bring you tea.”
Sherlock kept quiet as John spoke.  There had to be a work-around, he just had to think of it.  Unfortunately, Mycroft saw this and quietly interjected.  “The only way for a human to get into the Above is the traditional method.”  John deliberately trained his gaze out of the large windows.  Sherlock couldn’t see his expression and so couldn’t correctly work-out what he was thinking which meant he couldn’t solve this before it spiralled out of control.  His brother was not helping.
The resulting clatter brought the attention of the two boys at the end of the corridor.  He scrambled for them and pretended that he hadn’t been stood staring.
John frowned.  “Because you’re a good angel?”  Sherlock silently stared into his tea.  “Wait, you don’t think you actually belonged there do you?” John said in disbelief.  Sherlock merely shrugged, which broke something in John.  “Hey, look at me.  There’s no way you belong there.”
From the way Lestrade opened the door and let them fall out onto the pavement, he was not feeling the same
Sherlock did not take this well.  In fact, he advanced menacingly on Lestrade, over-enunciating his words.  John had noticed he did this when annoyed.  “I have aided your department in over 63 cases.  In none of those cases has my integrity been questioned.”
“We need to find the taxi,” Sherlock said, nodding and John nodded, glad he was finally in sync with the detective.  It was the logical answer, finding the man who was not dead and apparently soul-less.
“Explain.” Sherlock asked when he reappeared.  Both Victor and Oli seemed reluctant to step too far into the room, looking around warily as if the assailant was still inside and would attack at any moment.
John’s voice was calm and measured, a grounding presence.  He wandered around as he was counting down times, gently adjusting people’s postures.
“Promise,” John said, kissing him sweetly once more, before moving down to his chest, peppering kisses down Sherlock’s body before nuzzling into his stomach, just above the waistband of his trousers.  He hesitated, glancing up with one hand hovering at the first button.  Sherlock nodded.
It was a small thing, just a little uplift of the lips but his eyes shone with emotion.  He set his book and tea down carefully on the side table and stood up.  Sherlock remained still, his entire body tense.  John took a cautious step forward, paused, and then, emboldened, took another.  Calm and steady, all the way across to the doorway where Sherlock was rooted.  As he walked, his smile grew, and although it was clear that he was trying to fight it, to stop from beaming, he was losing the battle.  He stood, barely a step away, rocking back on his heels, hands behind his back.
He sighed and trailed a hand down his chest, kneading it with the palm of his hand.  At the contact he whimpered involuntarily, the sound dragging itself out of his throat.  Part of him wanted to stay in bed, to flip over and rut against the sheets, to continue the fantasy, but the thought of anyone (*cough, nosy landladies bringing tea upstairs cough*) overhearing was too embarrassing.
John was as reluctant to move as Sherlock, happy to just hold him for a moment, even at such an awkward angle. However one of the henchmen made a groaning noise and the need to get Sherlock out of there overrode John’s own desires.
Sherlock took the time to observe Jake.  Medium height, slightly longer hair than average but nothing extravagant, innocent-looking brown eyes, pleasant to the customers but there was a shy resistance to small talk.  In other words there were no distinctive traits that would lead anyone to assume his life was in imminent danger.  Perhaps this was simply his natural state or possibly by design.  After all it was much easier to move around when you knew people would forget you after a few weeks.  It was obvious he’d moved to the flat recently and, with his few possessions, it wasn’t a giant leap to imagine he’d moved around before.  The question was why he had to move around in the first place.
He went through to the bathroom, bushing his teeth aggressively and splashing water on his face.  Then he marched back to the kitchen, determined to act
Sherlock did not want to admit to being a shallow man.  He was not a shallow man.  Intellect was as striking as handsome features.  That being said...
Sherlock moved his hands up to cup John's face.  He tilted John's head up before pulling him into a passionate kiss, swiping his tongue into John's mouth and making John gasp.  He pulled back quickly to say "You idiot," which John felt was unnecessary but he couldn’t reply as he once again was locked into Sherlock's embrace.  John let Sherlock lead for a while.  Although he had initiated, there was still a hestiancy about his touches and moves that suggested a lack of experience.  John could not wait to be able to give him experience.  Sherlock's hands had migrated back down to his hips and were slowly edging lower. John guided them onto his arse which made Sherlock hum and grab slightly, making John groan in turn.
The day crawled by.  It was possible time stopped all together at one point.  For example, once he checked his phone it was 12:33.  Approximately twelve minutes later it was still 12:33.  He threw his phone on the table in frustration and then lunged across it in order to stop his phone flying off the other side.
“Alright, but if all you need is a registration, can’t the Fallen’s in the Council’s register their souls and use it to funnel the other Fallen’s through?” Molly asked.
He’d spent the morning quietly wandering around the shops, wondering why there needed to be more than one brand of toaster.  Maybe two at a push, for those that wanted the extravagance of toasting four slices of bread at once, but surely there wasn’t the need for all of this?  He considered cornering a member of staff and asking them to just sell him a toaster but one) he feared being asked any questions that required him to say more than “I want it to sit on the counter and toast bread when I want it to” and two) he didn’t want to turn into
In the short lift trip, the reality of running into an old army friend set in.  Since the war, there had been a nice dividing line between those who knew John before the war and those who knew him after.  No one had made the jump over the dividing line yet and this was because John had ensured it by taking a cut-and-burn approach to his contact list.  He was aware that he may be being a tad dramatic but the reality of the situation was that he didn’t want, nor need, the sympathetic looks or pity of anyone who had known him in what he considered his prime days.  He also didn’t want them to discover the life he was leading now after the promise he had shown, didn’t want to have to relive losing his powers over again, didn’t want to remember any of it if he could help it.
“Tea.”  It was less of a question and more a statement but he nodded anyway as Sherlock swung into the kitchen.  He went and settled in the other chair, red, squishy, and a bit ragged, and sighed, for the first time in a long time in contentment.
He told himself he was still adjusting and processing, even a year later, and with the upheaval of moving
Sherlock drained the last of the liquid in his tumbler and straihtened up.  “So, what now?” John asked.
“You do realise you could have had lighter weights?  No one’s going to judge you, we’re all too busy focussing on our own thing,” Molly said casually as they put their equipment away.  Sherlock glared at her.
His anxiety was not calmed as he saw there was a yellow sign on the door.  His had hovered over it, ghosting the fresh paint.  He considered his options.  Ambush?  Or a warning?  Another trick to throw him off the scent?
) through the door and into a very still living room.  He couldn’t work out why the stillness was important but it was as if something was missing.
“No.  But John is,” he answered quickly.  Then, brain catching up with his speech, he added “He’s a lot easier to live with when he’s happier.  Less slamming of doors and noisy tea making.”
Sherlock sighs and clicked through a few time signatures.  At about 10:30pm, dot registering where the car was began to move out, down a few streets into traffic, then flickered and disappeared.
We're getting there! And next chapter has the scene that compelled me to start this made project in the first place so hopefully should be written quicker (but then again who knows?)
“Fine,” he snapped.  John frowned slightly.  Shit.  He shook his head and ruffled his hair.  “Fine, just thinking through something.”
Sherlock just nodded and sat, bunched up in the chair, expression like thunder.  Presumably he was attempting to look brooding and angry, but the awkward angels of the chair thwarted his attempt.  John almost thought he looked adorable.  Almost.
A) John having a friend so he had things to do with his life rather than simply slogging through his existence by sheer force of will.
In response, John pressed one last kiss to his neck before tilting Sherlock’s head back to look at him.
He turned to where the girl was still cowering and realised why she hadn’t run; there was a huge gash down her leg.  Still concealing himself, he called out to her in his best ‘bedside manner’ voice.  “Hey.  Umm, he’s unconscious now.  You should probably ring an ambulance and the police.  Do you have a phone?”
All of the thoughts: who, when, why, that were tumbling around his head came to a screeching halt as Sherlock cupped John’s head in his hands.  For a wild, irrational second John thought he was going to kiss him.  His eyes nearly fluttered shut in anticipation before he caught hold of himself (helped in no small part by Lestrade sighing dramatically about a foot away).
The next morning he texted for John to pick up Gladstone.  He was unsure of actual timings and so tried to do some work while waiting.  This unfortunately proved impossible as the tension in his body caused him to break several microscope slides and a mug.  Gladstone lifted his head from his basket and had whined his disapproval at his nap being disrupted.  That’s when the pacing started and then the doorbell rang and now he was here and Sherlock realised had no idea what to do with himself and had no plan whatsoever for this encounter beyond ‘Meet John’.  When he heard Mrs Hudson open the door he flung himself into his chair, trying to project an air of nonchalance.  He glanced over at Gladstone who was sat on the sofa, head tilted in a ‘seriously?’ gesture.
It was something of a surprise to be jolted awake by the familiar sounds of Mrs Hudson clattering around the flat.  His eyes reluctantly opened, and he lied still for a minute, just listening.
The car settled into a tense silence as Lestrade parked the car and cut the lights on the quieter end of the street, in a gap between streetlights.  John tried his best to fold his arms but pain lanced through his shoulder.  The cold of the evening had seeped in without him realising, the excitement of the case taking precedence over mild-discomfort.  However, his shoulder was clearly fed up of being subtle and began protesting in earnest.  The prospect of sitting hunched for several hours was daunting.  Sherlock noticed him wincing (
The water was warm as he got in, unwilling to wait any longer, and it immediately flattened his hair to his scalp.  He placed his forearm on the wall, letting the water pound on his back and spread his legs as far as he could.  He began stroking in earnest now, in the safe bubble of running water, and allowed himself to slip back into his fantasy, to imagine John here with him, water riveting down his naked body, a playful smile on his lips.  He knew exactly what he was doing and knew exactly what Sherlock wanted.  In the dream it was John’s hand on him, kissing him wildly before slipping down, further and further, until he was on his knees in front of him, the ocean eyes glancing up at him wickedly, leaning in, his mouth over his cock and-
“Fuck, John,” was all Sherlock could say as he writhed under him, head tossing from side to side, unsure whether he wanted to press in or roll away.
“Sherlock, what the fuck was that?” Lestrade asked, but he was ignored.  Sherlock only had eyes for the information he sought, the one that would either corroborate the main theory he had or would destroy it completely, forcing him to start again.
When he was finally released from the centre, he took up digs in a flat with some other veterans, although slowly that had started emptying out as people moved on with their lives.  In order to enforce the peace, guard patrols and an actual justice system had been set in motion, and so John joined a unit as a temporary place-holder until he found another job.  This job had become a lot less temporary as the months wore on but John could barely bring himself to care.  It paid the bills.  It helped the Council.  It forced him to leave the bed-sit.  That was the most important thing right?
) but it was the tiniest hint of relief he noticed, in the slight fall of John’s shoulders, in the way he slumped ever so slightly after hearing Sherlock’s voice, that’s what kept Sherlock speaking.
It took him a moment to realise Mrs Hudson had appeared with tea.  She was the one person he didn’t begrudge sitting in John’s chair.  It was, after all, her own chair.
“Hmmm,” Sherlock mused.  “Might be tricky.  You really have been awful.”  If he lunged he could probably snatch it from his hands.  He’d only get one shot but he could be very wily when required.  Raz seemed to notice his calculations and gripped the paper tighter, holding it further away.
Hands roaming his body, stroking, caressing, chest, stomach, inner things.  A hint of friction causing him to whimper but ghosting away frustratingly.
“Oh it is.  Those women have a lot to be angry about and Jenny Highfield does not hold back on her upper cuts.  I’m surprised she hasn’t taken out my shoulder yet.”  This directed Sherlock’s attention to John’s shoulders.  He hadn’t really considered shoulders before.  They weren’t a thing you tended to notice about people.  John’s shoulders were lovely though.  Very strong.  Jenny Highfield better not hurt them.  His mind then wondered what John’s shoulders would look like with teeth marks in them and he cut his thoughts off very quickly after that, on fear of embarrassing himself, because if he did
Mrs Hudson merely sighed like this was something that happened a lot.  “Oh Sherlock, you haven’t told him?”
“Oh, that’s good of him.  What’s it about?” John replied in what he hoped was a neutral tone.  After all a case was always better than no case, never mind who it had come from.
at this.  Plus there was the bonus of getting to boss Sherlock around while he tested and trailed various poses.  He disregarded the idea of Sherlock sitting on the floor almost immediately, causing a put-upon sigh from his model as he heaved himself back up to standing.  As he moved both Sherlock and the camera, he felt the unfocused concepts pull together and crystallise so he could see the rest of his project forming.
Both Victor and the other boy stopped outside flat number 16 and turned to look at him.  Sherlock had the quick, panic driven thought that he had misjudged Victor entirely and was about to get either kidnapped or murdered.
“Oh, yes, of course.  Come in,” he said, waving John into the room and trying to keep rambling to a minimum.  Gladstone trotted over for his required fussing and then retreated to the sofa.  John didn't sit down but stood in the middle of the room.  He had his arms folded but his expression was unreadable.  Not anger, although there was some defensiveness there, curiosity possibly, amusement, and something else. Something else.
There was also his Guard checklist, which was not so much as a rule-book but a gut feeling.  Are people acting suspiciously?  Is everything working as it should?  Does everything
“There is only one Healer I wish to see and I don’t even know if he still exists so if you don’t mind I actually brought you here for a reason.”
Molly looked over from where she was clearing up and realised Sherlock hadn’t moved for several minutes.  Nothing moving, eyes locked on the screen, but a mind that was racing, a marathon completed in seven minutes flat.
Sherlock sighed.  He did not quite understand how he had ended up being the one yelled at here as, clearly, he was the victim in all of this.  Obviously it was time to go back to basics.
“Don’t be so hard on yourself.” John sniped back, and Sherlock stuck out his tongue.  And things were right again.
Sherlock did not find this dilemma as pressing as John did and began biting kisses down the side of his neck.  “Do it later,” he said in a pause, punctuating it with kisses on John’s pulse point.  His knees wobbled and he stretched his neck to let Sherlock have further access because
For example, she was smirking as he stepped through the studio door and jumped at the sight of her, looking two seconds away from bolting back the way he’d come.  He composed himself quickly and stalked over.
“So, what’s on your mind?”  Friendship also included small talk apparently, which was a difficult on two fronts.  One, John was not great at small talk but Greg already knew this and considered these questions a training ground of sorts.  Two, how to explain that most of his thoughts had been taken up, in some way or another, by a mysterious Fallen that swanned about in a long coat and kept on turning up in the same places John happened to be.
“According to you, one of them may be a kidnapper with a homicidal streak.  John would kill me if something happened to you.”  The last sentence made something in Sherlock flutter.  Not-John remained oddly silent in his peripheral vision.
“No reason,” John said, backing off.  “Should we call for back-up?”  Sherlock’s only reply was to scoff.  So not entirely out of sorts then.  Perhaps he was projecting his own worries onto Sherlock.  Although John was glad the case was open for business, he had not failed to notice that this all looked like a trap.  What sort of criminal pressed pause on an on-going investigation?  What sort of criminal then tempted the investigators into an abandoned building and then nothing untoward happens?  And why?  Were they close to catching them?  If so, why would Sherlock listen instead of going in for the kill?  These questions didn’t have answers for the moment, but this did not stop them from buzzing around John’s mind, every moment of relaxation tinged with a slice of worry that
“Hey, look at me,” John said softly.  He reluctantly dragged his eyes up to see John smiling at him.  “I want to spend time with you too.  I already agreed to the evening, you don’t need to hold me hostage as well,” he said teasingly.
Head pounding, nausea, dry throat, there could only be one explanation.  Hangover.  God he was never drinking again.
“Yeah, I’m just-I’m just going to go.  I hope you have a nice night,” he attempted to keep his voice steady.  Judging by Kate’s expression he wasn’t doing so well on that front.
He tried to focus, tried to answer, but his eyes slid past Lestrade’s shoulder, to the gap.  Guards were already circling the area, taking notes, putting together the paperwork already in their minds.  How could he explain that he wasn’t physically injured, but he was certain his chest had been cleaved open and his insides removed?
So Sherlock had been trying something new.  Patience.  It was awful but he would do it for John.  Sherlock was also working out that the phrase “Absence only makes the heart grow fonder” was very much A Thing for him.  That too was also hateful but only because he couldn’t seek out the Absence and tell him he’d really like to kiss him senseless.  Victor had also cautioned against using that as his first line.  Jury was still out on whether Sherlock would actually take that advice.
“What are you blackmailing them with?” Sherlock asked, curious.  This case was certainly looking more interesting.
Oh yes, Lestrade.  They’d been talking before.  He glanced over to see the angel crouched down next to him, trying to look into his eyes.
John couldn’t help laughing.  “Fine.  You are your own boss.  But Mrs Hudson can’t clean around you forever.”
Neither turned out necessary however as a black taxi rolled down the street, stopped, and there he was.  John never thought he would call anyone getting out of a car ‘graceful’ but that was the only way to describe it.  He then had to tell himself to get a grip as Sherlock was approaching him.
Sherlock turned his glare onto the Guard instead.  “That doesn’t seem very technical for such a delicate process.”
“What would you like me to say?  That you were right?”  It was difficult to sound angry when one was bed-bound but no one could say he didn’t try.
was interesting.  John’s ploy worked, and Sherlock was dragged back from the edge by his own curiosity.
Sherlock sounded ambivalent.  “Could be useful, maybe set one of the Guards on it, it’ll keep them occupied (a “Hey!”from Lestrade was ignored by both).  But why go near surveillance when-”  He stopped dead, his eyes widening.  Upside down triangle,” Sherlock said, grabbing John’s shoulders.  He looked ecstatic, like his mind was galloping a hundred miles a minute to fit this new information in, to see all of its ramifications.  John couldn’t help feel a little smug, despite not knowing what the hell he was on about.
After fighting their way to the bar and subsequently fighting their way out, they went to go sit down.  Each chair had a little place name and Sherlock both hoped he would be sat next to John so he could avoid the tedious conversations that were bound to happen, and hoping John was as far away as possible, so he wasn't inclined to be
“But how?  Wouldn’t it be suspicious- Oh,” Sherlock stopped as he saw what Lestrade was planning.  The DI simply smiled at him, looking far too pleased with himself.
“Great.  That’s great.  Thought we might have lost you in all that.  Look, I know it’s a lot, but I need you to tell me what happened,” he said, even tone, hands hovering by his shoulders.
.  He attempted to creep around the back to get a good look but a rouge tree branch cracking underfoot scuppered his plans.  Damn wildlife.
Well how could he refuse that?  It was lucky the bed was only a few feet away otherwise they would have never made it.  John began by kissing him once more, making it brief but filthy.  Sherlock was gasping at the end as John trailed biting kisses down his neck to the buttons on his shirt.
“Clearly,” he stated, eyes flickering back to the window.  “I assume you’ll be back tomorrow.” It wasn’t a question.
“What theory?” Lestrade said appearing behind them.  “You didn’t mention he had a theory,” he accused John.
“Well there you are then.  Such a nice man,” she said, as if that settled everything, as if the entire universe would bend to the word of a Senior Guard and the will of his landlady.  Although, if he had to pick one person the universe may consider listening to, Mrs Hudson would be high up on the list.
“I am,” he said, setting his mug down.  “I barely know anything about you apart from you hang around crime scenes and sometimes steal body parts.  Not exactly a glowing CV.”
But before Sherlock could get any further, John interrupted.  “Thought you’d be spending time with your boyfriend anyway.”  He regretted saying that immediately as the ache he had been ignoring for a week suddenly hit him with full force.
“I imagined your hands on me,” he said and grabbed one of John’s hands, forcing him to shift his weight, and dragging it down his chest to his groin.  John’s eyes were locked on his and Sherlock noticed a hitch in his breath as his hand brushed Sherlock’s tented trousers.
“Sherlock, I was trying to read that,” he complained, though his voice betrayed his fond tone.  Sherlock took this as permission to remain where he was, snuggling further into John’s chest.
John then reassessed when he too emerged from the stairs.  The yellow paint was stark against the white, as obvious as the sign from across the road.  It was an address.
He didn’t realise he was doing it at first.  It was only when Mrs Hudson complained about the amount of sweeping, and then went curiously silent, that he looked in a mirror to find he had huge bald patches across his usually luscious wings. It was a habit from childhood he had thought he had tamed, a nervous tick that manifested under extreme stress like biting fingernails or the clicking of a pen.
“Sherlock Holmes, if you don’t answer your damn phone I will throw this pan at you.”  He tilted his head slightly to look into the kitchen to find Mrs Hudson was indeed wielding a pan in one hand while the other rested on her hip.
There was approximately 7 seconds of silence where John thought he might get to enjoy his coffee in peace when Greg asked:
And, by some miracle, John actually listened.  A hand caressed him and his head fell back.  As John’s mouth touched him, a guttural moan ripped out his throat.  The hand John had left on his thigh squeezed in response.  His feet arched and his toes scrunched into the carpet.  The feeling was like a pulsing coursing throughout his body, the epicentre thrumming in his stomach.  His focus was narrowed down to the points where his body met John’s.  Experimentally, he rolled his hips, just slightly further into the wet heat of John’s mouth.  John inhaled sharply and then moaned, sinking down further, and
“I can have friends.  I have friends!” John didn’t mean to shout but the looks the girls down the corridor gave him proved he might want to tone it down a bit.
it, and they locked eyes.  The spark from before, when John had wanted to kiss him was now back in full force, humming between them like a life line.  The press of John’s leg against him was both grounding and electrifying.  He was forcibly stopping himself from touching his lips where they were still tingling from the kiss, forcibly stopping himself from crawling over John, entwining them until every inch was pressed against each other and he could feel John under him with every movement.
His body made the decision for him.  He kissed him.  John's lips were soft and slightly chapped and he made a small gasp when Sherlock's lips touched his. They were still for a moment, each giving the other an out, which was ridiculous given the conversation they had just had.  John took Sherlock's hands and placed them on his waist and Sherlock automatically started to stroke his thumb over John's hip bone, despite the layers in his way.  Slowly, John reached up to caress his neck, curving his hands around and sweeping through the curls that rested there.  Sherlock tilted his head, trying to avoid their noses colliding and John made his mouth fall open at the slight flicker of tongue along his bottom lip and it was perfect, just perfect.
“Text me,” he ordered.  And then, against all his better judgement, he went to work, hopeful the fresh air would help his aching head.
And ended up staring at a beautiful pencil drawing of himself.  The curls alone must have taken hours.  The lopsided smile that was reserved for John.  The little crinkles next to his eyes.  Sherlock could just imagine that John had said something teasing.
,” John said with an affectionate eye-roll.  “You barrelled into my life and you changed everything, in one go.  No caution or hesitation or holding back.  And, I don’t know, I guess I’d been waiting for someone to take that leap with me.  For me.  I owe you everything Sherlock and I’ll never stop being grateful for that.”
He was going to yell something when the kids looked up and spotted him.  There was a slight pause as if they
“I’m just not sure what this is.  Whether you want to stay or-”  He couldn’t make himself say the word leave.  John shook himself awake properly, sensing this was a serious conversation which a sleep addled brain would not handle well, and sat up a little, so he was hovering over Sherlock.
“It’s not much of a story.  When the fall happened I ended up in the Other Place for a while.  Someone noticed the administrative error and I was brought back into the fold.  Nothing they can do about the wings but we can’t have everything now can we?” he said with a wry smile but the words were automatic.  Clearly this was not the first time this had been run through.  To John it seemed clear something still
But there was still the pressing question of John.  As had proved the case throughout the investigation, the issue of his flatmate and object of the unnameable feelings swirling through his mind was the only thing that could finally make him move.  The text had said ‘home’ so home was where he headed.  As he approached the front door, the image of Mrs Hudson, alone in her flat, appeared and he clenched his fists tighter.  He was worried about John, terrified something had happened to him, but logically Sherlock knew he was a fighter who had been to war, an angel with powers to protect and defend him.  Mrs Hudson was plucky, yes, and handy with a kitchen knife, but human nonetheless and for all her talk of being careful, was as prone to run head-long into danger as her tenants.
“My job is to solve crimes no one else can because I don’t spend my time doing work that isn’t useful.  You, on the other hand, wander around the streets of London, catching the occasional mild delinquent and drinking shit coffee.”
"Oh god, lads, he's spiralling! Quick before he can make a run for it!" Johnson shouted and Mike lunged for the doorbell.  John turned round to protest and sound his very reasonable concerns when the door opened and he whirled round.
“I do not appreciate being used as a glorified map service John,” Sherlock retorted, but the gleam in his eyes showed his approval.
After two terms his mind has spiralled and he could barely force himself to move from his dorm bed, terrified of going out the door and having to sit through class but equally terrified of telling anyone he was struggling, unable to articulate his thoughts properly.  He locked himself away like that for a week before his former next-door neighbour had come to find him.  If he’d had the energy he would have been mortified at the thought of what the Warden had seen when they finally got his door unlocked.
At 3:10, the door to the university hall’s corridor slammed open with a huge bang, and a harried John Watson came barrelling out of the stairwell, a satchel and camera bag flung over one shoulder, staring at an image on his digital camera.
Lestrade knew that John was not big on trust as a general rule and he had assumed anyone trying to get close to him would simply have to stick it out and break down the walls one by one, slowly but surely.  Then Sherlock swept in like a hurricane and now here they were, snuggled up, despite John’s protests that nothing had happened between them.  He still didn’t know what to make of the Fallen himself.  Brilliant, like John said, yes.  But there was a dangerous edge too, that John seemed to be running towards, one which Lestrade didn’t know if he could pull him back from.
However, like Sherlock, John had realised that avoidance was the best possible way to prevent any possible non-platonic behaviour.  Platonic John would have talked to the pleasant, pretty woman who was sat next to them and so he did.  Every time he looked at her he could see Sherlock behind her though and that was distracting, so he ended up doing a weird thing where he would glance up, get distracted, glance back down at his food, feel rude, and so the cycle went round.
No, he definitely didn’t notice any of that.  The fact that he switched the radio on was just a coincidence.  The inane chatter of the DJ and the comforting smell of tea and toast almost made him feel as if he was back in his old home, in his own, little kitchen that he really should have renovated but never got round to, with its window that overlooked the pile of grass he called a garden (
The next day, a few lower profile news sites had christened the mysterious saviour the Victoria Vigilante after the close Tube line and because a good mystery always sells.  By the weekend major new sites had picked it up.
floor and through the corridor.  The inside matched the outside in its run-down atmosphere.  The lack of working lights darkened the hallway, giving the impression that it was the dead of night, rather than mid-morning.
“Well they aren’t the weirdest couple I’ve ever seen.  Maybe their good for each other, you never know.  Plus, there is a silver lining,” Lestrade said, looking pleased and a little bit proud.
“Yeah, probably,” Raz agreed, his guilt short-lived.  “Look, it won’t bite you know.”  He nodded to the list.  “Just read it and get going earth-wise.”
They only had to go 2 streets away to find the cafe where Jake was working.  As it was on a slightly busier road, they entered just as a mid-morning rush was occurring and so they went to sit at a table and wait.
“Because life isn’t fair!”  The shout echoed around the empty station.  “You could be great Sherlock, but your loyalty to this place and these people is
“I just popped in for a chat with Mrs Turner when I saw him.  Young lad, bolted before anyone could grab him.”  Sherlock was grateful to note she had heeded his warning about unnecessary details in her storytelling.
John answered by lifting his hands up to pull Sherlock into a forceful kiss, one hand cupping the nape of his neck, the other sliding into his hair.  They both pulled back quickly though.
wrapping paper.  Sherlock made sure the door was locked while he snapped some photos of the chaos.  It was when they’d returned from a long ambling walk (during which Sherlock oscillated between wondering if John walked this way and determinedly NOT thinking about Jo- the dog walker) that Mrs Hudson cornered him.
“It seems to be a symptom of Fallen’s moving through a portal.  Not a well-known by-product but pertinent none the less.”
“What is this place?” John asked.  He really could not wrap his head around it.  It seemed miles away from Baker Street.
This worry also came from the fact that, after leaving Sherlock’s presence, the true ridiculousness of what he was about to do caught up with him. While talking to him, it had made perfect sense to move into a stranger’s house with an angel that couldn’t be traced and an apparent threat over his own head.  John toyed briefly with the idea that it was Sherlock who was the danger (he was following him around London, asked him to move in on no further information other than his name) before discounting it.  Why would anyone want to attack him?  It may be slightly sad, but living the solitary, regimented life he had been doing made him very low-risk for premeditated crime, there being very few people who knew he existed at all.  More telling about his concerns however was the fact he never thought about calling Sherlock and telling him he wasn’t moving in.
“Oh, yeah,” John said, shaking his head.  “It’s always like this after boxfit.  It’ll shake out in a bit.”
John’s concentration was obviously broken when Sherlock climbed up onto the other end of the sofa and crawled until he was curled up in John’s lap, his legs stretching across the rest of the cushions.
a kicker).  Broad, compact body, defined muscles, which his tight grey tank top and shorts displayed very nicely indeed.  Was that a faded RAMC tattoo on his left arm?  There was also the spidery aftermath of a ragged bullet wound in his left shoulder, hidden partially by his vest top straps.  A scruff of blonde hair, kept short which left his handsome face in full view.  A mouth that fell easily into a cheeky grin.  Good grief.  It was like someone had looked down and sent Sherlock’s perfect distraction.
like he was going to be dismembered.  There were a few people meandering up and down the street, a few shops, a cafe next to the door with 221 in smudged, silver letters.  However, that didn’t mean anything.  Who knew what was actually hidden behind the door?
John woke up slowly. Warmth was radiating from somewhere and he snuggled closer, chasing the heat and sleep that was slipping away.  However as his mind began to stir, he became aware of feeling...sticky.
So, a final question: do you want a vaguely smutty (still within the Mature rating) epilogue chapter? Or should I bump the rating down to Teen and we can leave the boys as they are?  I'm really torn so all input would be greatly appreciated!
“I thought you had work today?” Sherlock said, his curiosity getting the better of him as he reluctantly pulling back from where he was nestled.
The lab was like any other he’d seen.  A row of desks, one of which was decked out with equipment Sherlock had pulled from around the room, and some computers dotted around, one of which was glowing with a start screen.  Sherlock was plugging in a vaulted camera over the microscope and connecting it to the computer.
For one, he was in the back of a police car.  For two, he was sandwiched between a door and a suspected criminal.
The route the mystery-Fallen was taking must have been written down for him step-by-step as no map would ever take them the twisting route he seemed to be following.  Sherlock, at ease with such diversions, seemed to follow easily, even when they lost sight of the hoody for a few moments, and John trusted him to keep them straight.
“Well I hope we didn’t scare you off and you’ll be back next week.” John said, grinning up at him.  Hmmm.  John was stood very close.  And that smile looked like it would taste lovely.  Wait, there was a pause.  Shit, what was he supposed to be saying?
.  John’s face was scrunched up in his usual ‘concentrating’ face and Sherlock felt a rush of fondness which he quickly smothered before John could look up and see it.  Sherlock couldn’t quite understand why he felt the need to do this but assume it was part of some reflex he hadn’t been able to shake off yet.  He’d spent so long controlling his emotions, crafting them to work to his advantage and to never show weakness, that it was still difficult to simply let them express themselves without filter.
There had only been a few times over the past few weeks that John’s shoulder really gave him trouble. It was always at night, when the flat grew unusually cold, the old building not having proper insulation and the weather in this Other London being as unpredictable as the original.  The pain would often jolt him out of a nightmare, mixing with it horribly, the tangle of physical and imagined disorientating him.  He’d stay still for a minute, gathering the will to sit up.  Painkillers were kept close to the bed, so he would down two.  Shove slippers and dressing gown on, trudge downstairs.  Boil the kettle and shove the heating pack in the microwave.  Sherlock had, on two of these occasions, been fluttering around the living room, often with violin in hand.  They hadn’t spoken, although the first time Sherlock did raise a questioning eyebrow at the heating pack.  It wasn’t John’s fault they only had the pig design left, and not that it was any of Sherlock’s business, the soft pig’s ears were quite nice to run his fingers over, the repetitive motion soothing.  What John actually did was half shrug with his good side and slump into his chair, kneading the aching joint occasionally.  Sherlock had turned to his music stand and begun to play, though John did not believe he really needed to look at the music.  Then, when his eyes began to droop uncontrollably, and his shoulder had relaxed, he would stand up and shuffle off to bed again.  Sherlock had the uncanny ability to finish his piece just before this moment, and as he made his way to the stairs there was always a quiet “Good night John” following him.  Despite arising from such annoying and painful causes, it was one of John’s favourite times in the flat.
“He’s happy.” Mr Holmes looked up at him.  “Just if you care.  Because you should.  You really, really should because you know what, you should see him sometimes.  He’s brilliant, more intelligent than anyone I’ve ever met and what makes him great is that behind all that he does care.  He’s stunning and not being in his life is one of the biggest mistakes you’ve ever made.”  With that parting remark John stormed out the room, not even waiting for a reaction because really, what did it matter what that idiot thought, and as he made his dramatic exit, he nearly ran into Sherlock who was hanging around outside the door.
Now Sherlock in matters of the brain is logic and reason and ultimate truth. When it comes to matters of the heart however, that unravels like pulling a thread on a jumper and quickly his brain is jumping to every conclusion it can get its hands on. This goes some way to explaining what happened next.
Of course life began throwing opportunities at them practically as soon as the agreement was made.  Cases which involved being squished into very small spaces together such as a suspect’s wardrobe, Sherlock spilling chemicals onto himself and having to wear nothing but a sheet for a week, and one very memorable stake-out where John decided to wear jeans that perfectly contoured his arse began an irritating and regular norm.  Sherlock had nearly let the gang leader escape but figured he could not be held accountable for his actions because if he hadn’t snogged John in that moment then how would John know that Sherlock needed to kiss him?
John was the first to pull back and Sherlock swayed slightly, his lips trying to follow John's.  They didn't pull away entirely, their bodies still close and their hands on each other, and Sherlock rested his forehead against John's and kept his eyes closed.
The second moment had Sherlock turning to John to make a comment on the state of the flat since they’d been away (“Still not our housekeeper I see”), which was stopped by the look of ease in John’s eyes as he sat purposefully in his chair.  It had been so long since Sherlock seen that look on him, a look of perfect comfort.
He would deny, until his dying breath, until the last part of his soul was plucked from his body, until the universe collapsed in on itself and the world was finished, that his first thought upon seeing the instructor was a suggestive
Sherlock shrugged but made a mental note to warn real-John when they found him.  It wouldn’t do to save him from certain danger only to have Lestrade murder him straight afterwards.
The colour choices were spread out on his bed: dark blue, aubergine purple, jet black.  The blue would match John’s eyes which were one of the few things he could focus on without wanting to hyperventilate at the moment, but would it wash him out?  The black would be dramatic but
“I believe telling someone they are being distracted is a perfect way not to distract them.”  Molly stuck her tongue out at him.  He sighed at her theatrics.  However, he wasn’t despairing as much as he had a few moments ago.  As she started to work, anxiety crept back up to occupy the space.  If he was wrong about this, if he’d made a misstep, calculated wrong or misjudged a motivation, then this could all come crashing down.  He slumped down so his chin rested on his folded arms.  There was also the question of what to do if Molly’s research confirmed his theory.  Despite his earlier assertions, knowing he was right wasn’t going to help John much on its own, and if he played it wrong then it could put him in more danger.  Delicacy was not his forte.
“And I reserve the right to yell at you for it,” Lestrade said, equally as seriously.  Sherlock couldn’t help his lips quirking into a smile, just for a moment.
He had several options.  One was to stop immediately and burn all the evidence.  To do this may arouse more suspicion however as it is not entirely normal one creates a bonfire in the middle of June.  Two was to carry on and hope Sherlock would never notice the person he was living with also happened to be the person in the photos using a careful disguise of the most ill-fitting clothes known to human kind and blind denial.  Three was to look Sherlock in the eye on simply tell him-
Only quickly read through so if there are any glaring mistakes please drop us a comment and I hope you enjoyed this chapter :) Thought I would change up the usual guilty Sherlock, exasperated John dynamic- did it work?!
Her shoulders dropped.  “He hasn’t turned up then?”  Sherlock shook his head.  He tried not to think of the hours that had passed since his disappearance, tried not to think of statistics and likelihoods of injury and worse, tried and tried, but when had his brain ever listened to him?  Everything just took too much
John was stood outside the restaurant, glancing up and down the road, not expecting Sherlock to appear out of the side street opposite.  He had to pause before crossing, hidden in shadows, just to calm himself.  John looked handsome, but Sherlock could have told you that without looking at him; John would look handsome in a bin bag.  Luckily, he’d chosen actual clothes for this date and was wearing a navy button down (good call on the purple, wouldn’t want to be identical) under a well-worn bomber jacket and jeans that sent Sherlock’s thought to the positively
It looked like a small crater, a dent in path with spidering cracks running across the floor and up the walls of the surrounding buildings.  The air crackled with energy, a current seeking an outlet.  The centre of the crater was a glittering light blue which was quickly fading to black at the edges, and he could see the darkness creeping across like lava across the ground.
“Doesn’t look unimportant.  You should let a Healer look at you.”  It would be touching if he wasn’t obviously evading something, shifting on his feet as if to bolt back down the stairs.
“No, it sounds amazing mate,” Mike encouraged and John felt very grateful he had sat down next to Mike on his first day.  “You have a model in mind?”  John may or may not have blushed, suddenly not so grateful.  “Oooh, now
Of course, later never appeared because they were in a hell-house designed to torture him by being close to John without being able to actually
He watched as the others worked, until the computer stopped whirring and recalibrating, and Sherlock stopped messing about the microscope, and suddenly, Barry Faber’s face was staring at them from the screen, a shot before and after he woke up in the afterlife.
?”  Not the thing to focus on but his mind couldn’t quite comprehend there being another Holmes wandering around the cosmos.
“Hmmm.  No,” Sherlock agreed, taking a sip of coffee, as if this was a regular conversation starter.
“Hey Sherlock.  You ready?”  Lestrade asked.  He looked exhausted but chipper.  The round-up was clearly going well then.
From what he could see, nothing had changed apart from the place being slightly busier (there had been signs about a drinks offer on when they had entered).  A glance at Sherlock seemed to confirm he hadn’t spotted anything suspicious either, the tell-tale gleam in his eyes when he spotted a clue being absent.
and the fact existence was a tricky subject for angels anyway, but John had decided that in human terms, Lestrade looked the oldest and so he was allowed to make all the jokes he liked.  Served Lestrade right for Mother Henning him.
Raz ambled over to sprawl on the sofa.  He reached into his pocket and produced a piece of paper, scruffily folded into four.  “I think the question is, what do I get for it?”
The two floor journey was agony.  Sherlock pressed himself into the corner opposite to John, as if trying to meld with the glass.  John watched him, his frowning for a few seconds, before hesitantly asking, “Are you okay?”
John nodded, adding "Clean through.  It was already weak in the middle apparently but then this guy wanted to celebrate winning beer pong and whush, straight on the floor."
“You’re stuck with me now.  Maybe one day I’ll be able to do that mind-reading thing you do and I won’t have to ask these questions.”
Mycroft had made good on his promise to help (even when his brother was less than polite about it) and had ensured they had a flat and legal documents and various other bits and pieces which would mean they could get on with life without being questioned on their miraculous appearance in the land of the living.  It turned out there was not an easy way to explain that there was an afterlife, and even harder to explain that you did the equivalent of accidently locking yourself out of it.  Mycroft had even provided Sherlock a contact within New Scotland Yard, although D.I. Dimmock was as about as happy working with Sherlock as Sherlock was working with him.  But Sherlock hadn’t been arrested yet and Dimmock remained un-murdered so all was well for the time being.
He was glad of the darkness. Even at this late hour, the city was still a myriad of noise and light but the tinted windows dulled it to a faint buzz of sound and flashes of light. In his absence, alleyways and bridge arches had become his friend once more.  Secluded, dingy, no questions asked. Simple. But his precautions had come at a price and now his first instinct was to shrink back from the exposure of the window. He was too much of a target in the open and there was too much at stake for him to risk it. Apart from now the threat had been eliminated. Here he was, back in his City that he has missed, pined for, wanted so badly it was like a physical ache in his stomach.
Johnson simply sighed.  "Look you know how people say you should drink responsibly? Tonight I really don’t know if that's going to work out for you.  So, you either keep sober enough to keep yourself from strangling everyone who goes near him
“As if I would.”  He declined to mention the fact he was certain he was walking into a trap, again, without backup,
“Well it’s an important moment, I thought it merited some formality” Sherlock joked, waving at the surroundings.
Anyway, all this is to say, it was Friday.  By this point, Sherlock launching himself through the door with a sense of urgency was not unusual.  It was also noted that normally he stalked off to his room, or the kitchen, or threw himself over the sofa and didn’t speak on such occasions.  Despite this,
It was then that John took back control of the kiss, his right hand cupping Sherlock's face, thumb running across Sherlock's cheek bone, the other hand playing with the curls on the nape of his neck.  Sherlock whimpered as the kiss turned slower and deeper, but still with the same intensity.  He practically melted in John's arms and John felt a surge of possessive warmth.
The door to the flat was already open, offering a full view of the sitting room. He tried to calm his wildly beating heart.
“Ah, you’re the man that keeps snapping photos of this one.  Lord knows how you can work with him,” Victor said, dramatically sighing.  Sherlock rolled his eyes, equally as dramatic.
“I’ll believe enough for the both of us then.”  Perhaps it was the conviction in her voice that convinced him to show her.
.  Ominous coming from their one shared contact but Mike had seemed pretty happy to help Sherlock with his investigating, so it couldn’t be entirely awful.
“Not impossible.  Very difficult, highly unusual but not impossible.  After all, you can kill angels, why not the same for humans?”
“If you go, I’ll follow.”  To John it really was that simple.  Even when he was angry he wouldn’t have let Sherlock voluntarily walk into danger on his own.  He still cared for the idiot after all.
Sherlock shook himself out of his revive. “Fine,” he said, and marched off towards the lifts.  He didn’t know if he was more annoyed at being made to go be sociable, the clumsy cleaning lady, or John for making his head spin.  And then it hit him.
“How could I?  You want me to get you anything while I’m there?  New femur maybe?” John said as he walked towards the lifts.
Well, until the person behind the door sounded like they were going to break in.  In hindsight, John thought, he should have checked who was behind the door before opening it.
.  His breathing became erratic, each one escaping with a whine or a gasp, and the feeling in his stomach grew tighter, and tighter, and tighter.  His toes scrunched in the carpet and hands fisted in the sheets as he tried to keep control, but it felt like he was being wound up and up, his stomach clenching and then-
The owner of the room was getting sloppy, as it didn’t take him long to pick the lock and use his powers to dismantle the hidden protections.  If only he was around to gloat at.  It was
John stared.  Sherlock supposed it was a common reaction to hearing what sounded like a random assortment of consonants and vowels yelled at you.
“That’s how you see me?  Really?” John said, not only trying to deflect the rather on-point question but also partially curious.
Lestrade called when Sherlock’s boredom was on the tipping point between manageable chaos and lethal destruction and so it was to all the residents in 221’s pleasure that a case had presented itself.  Sherlock had bounded out the flat in his usual flurry of action, glad that his mind would once again have something to settle and focus on.
A petite woman stood in the doorway of an office.  She didn’t look very threatening: mousy brown hair was pulled up into a pony tail, a candyfloss pink cardigan peaked out behind her lab-coat.  Despite the late hour, the coffee mug in her hand suggested her day was only just beginning.
“So until you get some sort of bat-signal telling you that it’s fine to investigate again, you’re just going to...sulk?”  He was trying not to be judgemental when he said that.  He did not entirely succeed.
?!  His mind cheerily supplied him with the information that he was a fucking idiot.  He knew from experience at crime scenes that lust could forgive a multitude of sins but as it cleared so clarity and comprehension came into focus.  Would John still like him?  He must do on some level right?  But what was he looking for exactly?  Sherlock certainly hadn’t expected this, had merely meant to get through the date without making a complete prat of himself so now he was floundering, unsure of the emotional and practical ways around this social convention.  He wished he could text Molly and ask her the etiquette but a) that would involve telling her he’d spent the night with John which would mean her response would either be a shrieky phone call of “I FUCKING TOLD YOU” or enough emojis to fry his phone completely and b) his phone was in his coat pocket which was strewn over the living room floor.  While his mind spiralled around possibilities and scenarios, he didn’t quite realise John was waking up.
Sherlock grinned as he appeared in front of him and he smiled shyly back.  It took a minute, for him to get a feel for the rhythm, the push and pull of the song.  Once he was there he started to dance.  Slowly, maybe not as fluidly as Sherlock, but dance nonetheless.  It was easy to believe this was a private space, that it was theirs, which made it easier to relax.  No one else mattered really, each drawn in to their own dramas.  The beat shifted, slowed.  More people joined the floor, so they moved closer together.  Just a step.  And another.  A nudge made John stumble forward and Sherlock caught his elbow.  Dragged his hand across his forearm.  Slipping across his hand.  Fingers briefly interlocking before falling.  His hand was left tingling, sparking.
Sherlock was just about the suggest they head back home when Victor appeared from around the corner.  One sweep and Sherlock knew something was wrong.  Very wrong.
He came moaning into John’s mouth.  He gentled his kisses but continued moving his hand until Sherlock stopped shivering and collapsed into his pillows.  He was vaguely aware of John’s hands caressing his sides, and his weight shifting to swipe at both of them.  A duvet was brought up over him and he grabbed onto John’s wrist, managing to open his eyes and say, with a hoarse voice, “Stay.”  John shushed him with a kiss and a reassurance he wasn’t going anywhere before sending him to sleep by playing with his hair.
“Hey, give the guy some space if he wants space.  I’m sure everything’s fine and confronting him over nothing will actually give him something to avoid you for.”
"This has to go," John growled, slipping his hands to Sherlock's jeans, "and these too."  Sherlock was nodding and John helped him tear his clothes off before attacking his own.  John then pushed Sherlock backwards onto the bed.  He grumbled slightly at the fall but John quickly shut him up by straddling his waist and kissing him again.  Both moaned when their cocks brushed together, even with the material in the way.  John experimentally ground down and Sherlock's head slammed onto the mattress.  He did this over and over, pulling a string of curses and moans out of Sherlock in his deep raspy voice which was pure sex.  He mixed in light teasing brushes with deeper grinds and listened and watched the different reactions Sherlock made.
“It’s Damien and you have it right there!  I’m not going to lie just so you can experiment on someone’s arm.”
“You should.  Your secretary just hospitalised him.” Sherlock was using his “casual” voice.  John hated the “casual” voice.  It always ended badly.
He managed to choke out a small “John” before he came all over his stomach.  His vision blacks out as his eyes slam shut and he stops breathing as the sensation takes over, filling him from his hair to his toes.  He’s still shivering as he feels John tense, release above him and then collapse next to him. He pressed his arm over his eyes as if that will contain this feeling that threatens to overcome him, threatens to break him.
The mental checklist was not very long, as their search was quite niche.  Is there a symbol?  Can you see who tagged it?
“Only following directions, jeez.”  He scratched the back of his neck and glanced around.  There didn’t appear to be anyone paying attention to them but obviously he may have been burned before.  He could practically hear Sherlock roll his eyes which made John want to point out that not all of them could be performers because not all of them were so
perfect.  All that was important was the feel of John, alive and happy, in his arms, and the truth that he loved John and John, apparently, impossibly, loved him back.
would know, even if they didn’t want to).  She had guessed obviously, but neither was dignifying her little comments with a response.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow.  “I know a version of events.  I feel that even with my powers, I have only scratched the surface.”
.  Sherlock didn’t do long winded sentences or unnecessary descriptors, but he also demanded precision and no detail was too irrelevant if he had a hunch.  It was a lot of information to sift through.
“Sherlock.  Come on.  Surely you’ve noticed everyone in this place checking you out?”  He then added silently ‘But hopefully are still unaware of the person sitting across from you checking you out’.
But now that couldn’t be avoided and it was starting to freak him out.  Because Stamford was nice and was kind and would almost certainly want to talk about it and be nice and kind about it all.  This was perhaps why John did not exactly hurry to find Stamford’s office.  Lestrade hadn’t said it was urgent.  It was heavily
Lestrade was politely nodding understandingly on a two-seater sofa, while John made tea.  Sherlock for his part refused a seat and was restlessly pacing behind the aforementioned sofa.  It was not creating a calming environment for an informal police interview.
Sherlock sighed. “It’s as if you think I would just bring anyone to a crime scene.”  However, while his voice was frustrated, his face turned an odd shade of red.  “He’s my Alpha,” he muttered, as if embarrassed.  Apart from Sherlock was never embarrassed so that couldn’t be right.  Could it?
“Something like that yes,” Sherlock agreed, not entirely sure he knew what was going through the canines mind.
“I don’t like repeating myself,” he said, gliding past with a wink.  A goddamn wink.  And then he was gone.
“Hey,” John said softly, slinging one arm around Sherlock’s back and letting the other thread through those dark riotous curls.
Raz sighed.  “Look will you just let me talk?  I can say certain things and I can’t say others otherwise, I ain;t going to exist for much longer.  Got it?”
“Help me with my feet,” he ordered.  Luckily he was only tied to the chair, rather than cuffed.  Sherlock narrowed his eyes, partially leaning on John’s leg as he worked and together they quickly managed to untangle him.
It was a fact that trusting a Fallen based on their word was a stupid idea that could only end in disaster.  John knew this.  John understood this.  John had been
“Well now you’re just pushing your luck.  Anyway Sherlock helped you get with Molly and I’m the one that started seeing Sherlock so by proxy I helped you get yourself a girlfriend so there.  That was your birthday present last year.”
I may waffle on a bit here so please bear with me.  I started this fic with the image of John falling through a portal and Sherlock's reaction.  60k words later, this is the result.  This is the longest fic I have ever written.  Actually it's the longest thing I've ever written full stop and for that, I have to be a little bit proud of it.  I am fully aware it isn't perfect and could have probably been improved by writing the full thing out and then editing it in on big go.  We live and we learn!
Trevor, his head resting on Trevor’s shoulder, Trevor’s arm outstretched on the back of the sofa round Sherlock’s shoulders looking for all the world like a happy little couple and the most annoying thing, the thing that made John’s vision turn red, was the fact that no one had even reacted.  No one cared.  It was like John was the only one who realised how wrong this was, as if the fact Sherlock was going out with someone else didn’t matter to them, as if it was insignificant so long as they were a ‘cute couple’.
He had frozen up at the idea of talking but she had already walked into his room so there was no avenue for escape.
“Good.  It would be boring otherwise.”  Sherlock’s reluctance to let him go too seemed to have broken the spell of awkward via annoyance.  Despite the fact that six minutes ago he would have loved to avoid another close encounter by choice, he wasn’t going to be forced out by Sherlock’s new-found conscience.  If he was going to regret going to a club with Sherlock, it would be his own regret he would earn.
This was every sensation possible happening simultaneously.  His head was both being pushed around in the G-Force machine used to trial astronauts while also being stabbed by tiny needles.  He couldn’t feel his limbs and felt like the air was an oppressive substance pushing down on every inch of his body.  Even the thought of trying to move seemed on par with not only climbing Mount Kilamnjaro but single-handedly pushing it the circumference of the Earth to return it to its current position and
Instead of responding, he said “You’re not allowed to do that,” pointing to the gang dozing on the floor as if the other angel might be confused as to what he was referring to.  Annoyingly, he just huffed a short laugh and then turned as if to walk out the alley.  So, on impulse, John added, “And how the hell did you know about my shoulder?”
“You’re ridiculous,” Sherlock muttered. He disappeared around John’s back.  Careful touches moved John’s wrists and for a while Sherlock cradled a hand in his.  John kept a careful eye on their captors, uncertain how long they’d be unconscious for.
“Sherlock, you alright?” John said, arms rushing up to catch him as he fell.  Lestrade jumped over them into the room.  John couldn’t give less of a shit.  “Sherlock speak to me!”
“Covering their tracks.  The highest clearances, the widest reaches.  They are as omnipresent as they are untouchable, highly suitable for someone to meddle where they don’t belong without repercussion,” Sherlock enunciated.
“Cheating, lives in a bottom floor flat, owns two-no three cats,” was his reply, flicking his head around him at those on the ground.  It made his curls bounce across his forehead.
“It’s just a shock you know.  People rarely leave, and you’d think with us being here,” she gestured around to encompass the general ‘afterlife’ area.
"Yes," Sherlock interrupted, pressing back into John's body. "Yes, yes, yes," he chanted as he nuzzled into John's neck, drawing in deep breaths.  That should not of been as erotic as it was.  John's head was spinning trying to keep up with what was happening.  15 minutes ago he'd been stood in the middle of a party in the living room and now Sherlock was wrapped around him,
“All right Sherlock and what brought you to that assumption?” he said, wondering what had given Sherlock that idea.
“Okay.  You aren’t allowed to talk to anyone else either.  Ever again.  For the rest of time.”  Sherlock nodded, pleased at his above point.  He had made some great points.  John would have to be his forever now.
“The man I’m named after John.  The one I don’t mention ever.  You noticed but you never pressed me on it.  Now, you have a choice.  You can either go in there with me and meet him or stay out here and remain blissfully unaware of the scum that he is.”  Sherlock’s lips curled as he spat out the words.
Sherlock started, and paused, pulling him mind from racing ahead to concentrate on John.  Eventually he replied “Must have cleaned it.  No tracks.”
John knew logically he should be feeling a certain amount of fear at this point, but overriding that was mild curiosity and a need to repress the urge to sigh.  How the hell had a Fallen managed to get back into Council limits?  And what was he supposed to do with him now he was here?
He couldn’t move.  He wanted, more than anything, to run forward and search.  To be proven wrong.  But he knew it was pointless.  He had seen the decision being made in John’s eyes, the relaxation of his shoulders, the slope of his mouth.  Had to watch as John dragged himself round, away from Sherlock’s desperate eyes, and push as much energy out as he could manage, triggering the energy swirling round him and sending shockwaves rippling out.
“I have to take it back if it is the arm we’re looking for,” John sighed.  “Because I work for the Guard now.  It isn’t weird,” he explained for Stamford’s benefit.
“These two buildings are unoccupied, under construction.  The next street over’s closed for repaving works.  It’s a quiet area of the city and so far, no one’s come forward.  Only reason we knew something was happening was because of an anonymous tip but the trail on that’s pretty cold by this point.”
“It’s the list.”  He waved it, just in case she hadn’t noticed.  While in his manic phase, Lestrade had come round to explain the situation to her and give her full warning.  Sherlock would have argued with it if he’d been paying attention long enough to care.
“Clearly not!  The overriding reception of me is that I’m rude, I’m mean, and I’m a...freak.”  He stumbled over the last word, falling into a murmur.  “Who would even like me?”
“Tomorrow,” Sherlock said smiling.  John turned to go, but stopped, turned back, and hesitantly kissed Sherlock, feather light, on the cheek.
“Hello Healer Watson.”  Or not.  The voice, a perfect example of Received Pronunciation English, was male, perfunctory and chillingly cold.
Sherlock looked around.  They were indeed out of the reception area and instead on the landing outside the lifts.  The wall he was propped against was glass and London Above rattled on, oblivious to Sherlock’s world crashing around his ears.
“John if this is about Moriarty, I think stopping a psychopath from world domination is a fine excuse for killing him.”
He considered the hypothesis.  Was Sherlock a colossal dick?  Yes.  Would he gladly hit him round the head and yell at him a bit?  Absolutely.  Capable of cold-blooded, premeditated murder?  ...No.  Probably not.
“Well there’s a second bedroom.”  His inner voice of reason had given up chastising him at this point.  Clearly, he was beyond hope and the only cure was to hit his head against a wall and pray he wouldn’t remember being so damn
“Nice to see the Guards have finally admitted their reliance on guess work.  Does help lower people’s expectations.”
“Because no one knew it was stolen at that point.  The “body” still hadn’t been found, and to everyone else, that might as well have been Faber driving the cab.  When he realised the police were onto him he must have driven to a crowded location and then disappeared.”
Sherlock shrugged.  “You know how picky they can be about these things,” he said, picking the fluff off his dressing gown.
Well, it was nice for a bit anyway, John thought as he went to go see what his mad genius was up to now.
A floor below, Sherlock unclenched his hands from the sheets, rolled over, and tried to do exactly the same.
,” she emphasised, gesturing with her coffee mug.  She watched as it dawned on the others, Victor reacting with a drawn out “Oooooh” and Molly with a squeak.  Irene simply shook her head.  They were both hopeless.
to those less desirable, I was brought on to consult with the Guards at the most senior level.  This began to get tedious and I took on my own cases as well.  History over.”
Before Sherlock’s brain could malfunction anymore Lestrade and his team burst through the doors.  When they saw the scene in front of them everyone paused, including the struggling Jack.
Sherlock’s mind had wandered elsewhere and perhaps this is why he did not think his next sentences through.  “There was a gigantic yellow sign outside our window inviting us to look into the building opposite 221B, leading to the address for the club and everything after.  Oh, and if you’re investigating a break in, don’t bother.  Me and John had to find an alternative exit.  People can be so sensitive about using their properties as a cut-through.”
“If only we could harness your wit as electricity, we could power the national grid.  Alas, a loss for us all.”
John had turned, said a perfunctory “Hello, nice to meet you,” and turned to Sherlock to ask “What do you mean
He smiled softly and said “Yeah, I reckon so.  Seems a lot better, within himself, these past few weeks.”
He was ignoring Sherlock for other reasons, namely that he was still pissed at the Fallen for being a complete arsehole which he hadn’t forgotten about but had set to one side for the sake of the case.  Also, maybe because when Sherlock had laid out his sparse plan, both him and Mallory had said “brilliant” at the same time. Sherlock had only smiled at John though and given Mallory the job of run around which mainly involved him bringing coffee and pens to the room and then sitting quietly in the corner watching everyone else work.  John swore to himself he was not in competition with anyone else for Sherlock’s attention and so denied that he was happy about Mallory being relegated to the side-lines.
“Now you’re just embarrassing yourself.  Sherlock’s a friend,” Victor dismissed with a little wave.  “You can’t tell me what to do,” Larry said stubbornly.
John scrubbed a hand over his face.  No point thinking about all that now.  Maybe later.  Maybe never.
“Really John?  A cab driver is killed, a man who looks the exact same drives his cab around for an hour and half, and you think it’s a coincidence the tracker cuts out?”
He nodded but his eyes were already unfocussed, the pieces in his mind already interlocking and connecting.  It appeared, the game was still on.
He was seriously contemplating texting Lestrade and telling him that he really couldn’t take the case after all because his brains were literally going to drip out of his ears from the dullness of it all, when the phone rang.  He stared at the skull, contemplating answering.  It wouldn’t be anything interesting.  It never was.  He was going to have to live with being bored for eternity because everything was boring and dull and hateful and-
about the human lifestyle, all about light bulbs and ovens and all the rest of it and all had to be learnt quickly so as not to arouse the suspicion of Sherlock’s mother or, more importantly, his brother.  It didn’t help that he’d also decided that he wanted to be a doctor which meant learning everything about human biology he could find (
It was only because he liked mysteries, his natural curiosity taking over.  Surely it wasn’t weird to want to know what your dog walker looked like. Especially when he was so complimentary about your dog. And texted you pictures of the dog with funny captions.  And seemed genuinely curious when you
Too quickly the curtain fell back and Sherlock felt the irrational cold of rejection.  There was no guarantee of how he would be received, whether he would be welcomed or shunned. Even Mycroft’s information had been meagre.
Molly clapped her hands in between their faces.  “Anyone want to fill me in?  Who’s Moriarty?  And John’s on Earth?”
Lestrade nodded again.  “All members of Activate Plus, a gym and fitness centre just around the corner.  Fully kitted out including a wide range of studio classes, intense personal training sessions and a brand new swimming pool.  Motivation to help you find a better you.  Join today,” Lestrade concluded, reading off a leaflet in the file, his eyebrow raised.  He couldn’t help laughing as Sherlock glowered at him.  “Not interested I take it?”
“I know!  Crazy huh?  So, as you will see, this is not my fault.  Also I want a compliment on my deduction skills.  And you haven’t said hello yet,” John smiled, secretly adoring the look of confusion on his boyfriends face.
Victor pretended to look shocked.  “Does this mean what I think it means?  Might we finally get to meet the illusive, enigmatic John?  The John we’ve heard of so much about but have never seen?  We were beginning to think he was a myth you know,” he nudged Sherlock playfully in the shoulder.  Of course you can bring him.  I’m surprised I haven’t already met him to be honest, the amount you talk about him.”   Sherlock felt himself blush.  He didn’t think he talked about John
And in true Sherlock fashion, the younger Holmes simply nodded, swept himself upright in his stupid coat, paused long enough for John to get to his feet and strode out the room.
“Is this because he wouldn’t bring back that poisoned plant for you?  Because as discussed, it was highly toxic, and you aren’t a part of the force.  What we are doing now is following a lead.  Like proper detectives.”
"So this is where your lover boy lives huh?" Bill began as they walked down the street to Sherlock's flat.
“Yeah, fine,” John said, leaning back on the desk, just to the right of Sherlock.  “So you were undercover huh?”  Sherlock started to panic.  Hadn’t dodged the bullet then.  Would John think he was a liar?  Admittedly he was a
There were some minor changes, of course there would be. The haphazard stacks of paper had been moved, the books were all present on the shelves instead of strewn about the floor, the kitchen table was clean and free of science equipment.
“-Oh come on.  This one’s easy.”  John swallowed awkwardly.  He lifted his arms to show what was under his coat.  Twisting around his body was a writhing purple energy.  Primed.  Deadly.
“For the last time, I’m not talking to the evidence room people for you, no matter how scary they are.  They already hate me enough because of everything Sherlock ‘borrows’ and forgets to return.”
“I prefer traditional ballroom, but I suppose this will have to do.  Need to have a look round,” he explained and John nodded.  He had
“Come on. These clothes need to go,” he demanded.  Sherlock quickly halted his effort to press himself back along the line of John’s body to help eagerly get rid of the layers between them. Sherlock stood for a moment, his jaw falling open as he stared at John’s naked body as John shucked off his jeans and pants, kicking them out the way. Tanned skin faded into pale, dark blonde hair dusting his chest, trailing lower, and the small nicks and scars being dominated by the beautiful, terrible one in his left shoulder. John looked up and caught Sherlock’s stare. He grinned as Sherlock flushed at being caught out but was saved his embarrassment as John pulled him back in for a kiss. However, as his arms snaked around his back, John gasped and jerked back.
in heat.  Second was the stocky blonde Alpha shadowing Sherlock, calm apart from his fists clenched at his sides which gave away the tension he was feeling.
“I wish you luck finding him in this lot,” she gestured to the amount of people currently packed into the room, “As for me, I live across the hall so it was either stay up all night with the noise or join in creating it.”
“John you’ve been in all day, how can you not notice someone walking in and rearranging the flat?” Sherlock asked, exasperated.  (Once again Sherlock didn’t realise this was the exact emotion of every person who had ever tried to get
Jake glanced round and then leant in, whispering hurriedly. “They’re going to destroy Brecknell Lane, targeting the old social centre.  They say it’s to create more offices but others said they’d done this before.  What they actually end up doing is building huge flats like the one I lived in where there’s no room and essentially screw everyone over in the process.  That social centre’s the only thing left but it’s important.  It’s the only part of the community that’s left.  If they destroy it, there’ll be nothing left and we need more space, not more people.  So I’m persuading them to leave my street alone.”
“We understand that Miss Lincoln, truly.  We just need you to answer a few questions, if you feel able,” Lestrade said.
“Once again 71, not stupid.  Anyway it’s not that difficult.  Honestly I don’t know what you think of me!”
The alleyway was already blocked off by an opaque shield charm and was beginning to get crowded with curious people straining to see what the fuss was about.  Sherlock stalked to the front, his wings providing enough reason for people to get out the way and John followed closely.  The Guard on the outskirts, keeping the peace, was someone John recognised.  This was not necessarily helpful.
Of course, John only found out these details later.  Four days before victory was declared, John was shot through the shoulder by the enemy, ripping straight through to his wing, and he spent much of the aftermath trapped in a Council recovery centre, spiralling with pain medication and fever.  The fact it was very difficult to
“You can just call me Lestrade,” said the angel, on reflex, before registering Mallory’s grave expression.  “What’s happened?”
“Okay, message received”  Lestrade said, putting his hands up and turning back to the scene.  A moment’s silence.  “But do you
“Nah mate.  Ain’t worth my head to go gossiping to you.  Plus, you’ll know everything, soon enough.  That is, if you stop digging.”
Well, it was all rather anticlimactic. Of course there was the feeling of peace, of calm, of finally being in control.  But Sherlock was certain things would have changed while he’d been away.  On the plane and drive over, he was gripped with a dreadful certainty that something new or dangerous would be hovering over his flat and would prevent him from returning. However, apart from a new coat of paint on the front door, 221 looked the same as always.  The street was quiet and the atmosphere was peaceful in the late hour, only a few people wandering. A curtain twitched upstairs and for a few precious seconds a shadowed figure was discernible. Sherlock felt his gut lurch and his breathing hitched.
Sherlock whined again as John stopped and climbed off him.  "Not what I meant.  What are you-?" He began, opening his eyes and propping himself up on his elbows.  John however had just peeled off his pants, throwing them to the floor and was positioning himself between Sherlock's knees.  John grinned wolfishly at Sherlock's shocked and aroused expression and leant over to kiss it away.  He then trailed kisses down Sherlock's neck again, this time feather light, and along his collarbone, sinking further and further down.  He paused to lick Sherlock's nipples, earning him a hissed intake of breath and then deep groan.  But John had a plan and so kept going lower, alternating kisses with licks and small bites until he reached the band of Sherlock's pants.  He carefully took it between his teeth and pulled them off revealing Sherlock's erect cock.  Sherlock made a strangled noise and John glanced up, worried he'd accidently hurt him.
He rolled his eyes and threw himself onto a stool, shoving his head onto his hands.  “You know what I said.”
“Well considering I've spent the last few weeks shamelessly flirting with you, then yes, I’d say I would love to go on a date with you.”
With this the two heads swivelled to stare at the third.  Molly often found it creepy how in sync Irene and Victor could be but she was getting better at ignoring it.
To mollify the detective, John looked at the photo and proceeded to nearly drop the phone.  The spiralling cracks formed a symbol.
“Sherlock.”  Lestrade landed next to him, quickly crouching down, and pushing him up.  “Hey Sherlock, talk to me.  You okay?”
However, before Sherlock could send a very inappropriate text explaining, in detail, why it was rude to kidnap one’s brother’s boyfriend, there was a creak from upstairs.  Grey eyes flickered upwards.  So hiding then.  He scowled.  What purpose could John have in hiding?
“Look, what am I supposed to say?  ‘Hey Sherlock, so, weird thing but I dreamt you were horribly tortured by a dead madman.  Pass the sugar.’  Not exactly the best morning conversation I’ve ever had,” John let out a breath.  “I can’t put that sort of pressure on him Greg, not now that he’s finally happy with his life.  He’s got his classes, and his friends, and a case, and
.  The reason he survived wasn't luck, it wasn't divine intervention, it was whatever they'd done to him.  Bigger wounds couldn't heal completely, hence the mess that was now his shoulder but smaller marks could disappear within hours and sometimes even minutes.  The rest of the official story was fairly true.  He had been rescued almost by accident by an elite team who were storming the base anyway.  His shoulder had been infected but it was mainly a reaction between the hospital drugs and whatever was in his system.  He had returned to England with a psychosomatic limp, a cover story, and a will to ignore the fact anything had changed.
John laughed at him.  “Yes really, you idiot,” he pushed his arm lightly.  “Thought I made it pretty obvious.”
“Simple really.  Your lanyard is in purple which is the Arts department colour, your hands have calluses on them from work but you’re not dressed for manual labour, this university has a limited alternative course selection, and most tellingly, you have your camera bag, which somewhat gives the game away.”
“I’m not questioning it.  I’m just curious as to where you got these from,” she said primly, but moved to start up the computer software and grab some gloves.
Before he could react, he felt Lestrade push his back, so he had no choice but to tip forward into London Below.
And so that was how John Watson ended up propped up in bed, stark naked, writing his report on his latest piece, while Sherlock Holmes, also stark naked, was loosely curled around him, alternating between dozing and criticising his grammar.
Lestrade nodded back.  Looked over to Sherlock.  Looked back.  Narrowed his eyes.  “You’re not sleeping with him are you?”
Despite everything that he knew before about the possible murderous-intent and the rebellion and fall, it was this smile that made John hate Raz.  Just in a split second his emotions changed from ‘Whatever’ to ‘I would like to send him back to the Other Place in a damn box.’  He didn’t get to smile.  He was in Guard custody.  Unsurprisingly, John’s restraint on these new-found emotions were about to be put to the limit by what happened next.
- they had made the mutual decision that they shouldn’t rush anything.  They had waited almost 6 years for this to happen, a few weeks or months were nothing in comparison.
“As fun and weird as this is, I have to go cover a late shift.  But, I’ll do it you know.”  Sherlock tilted his head, an eye still on outside.  “I’ll be your bait I mean, for whatever it is your chasing.”  John couldn’t help but feel a little ridiculous as he said it but he did want to move out of his bed-sit and the idea of doing something productive, even if it was probably horrifically stupid, was alluring.
John, the one who would invade Afghanistan to help who he could or would shoot a cabbie just to save a man he barely knew. A man of instinct and reaction, self-assured in his choices. A man who had waited for so long and Sherlock felt a stab of guilt, knowing he could give him little to repay his time.
He cautiously walked down the hall, hyper-aware of how loud his footsteps were in the quiet. Once again, the door was already open.
“But you were never meant to kill us and we’d recognize you instantly when we escaped.  Don’t be offended, escaping was an inevitability.  Why take us to a secondary location at all?  It was an abandoned station, I can think of plenty of places to stash us.  So I would state you didn’t know about the location at all.  You were told a location and a time and you knew you had to take us there specifically but you don’t know anything at all about the background.  We weren’t supposed to be able to ring the Guards either.  Ooh, something was supposed to happen but we screwed it up for him.  That must have been annoying.  I need to look into the warehouse then.”  Sherlock stood up to leave, still entranced by the connections forming in his mind, dismissing and amending theories.
“Tease,” Sherlock accused, his lips pouting.  John just laughed at him softly, and kissed him, licking into his mouth and sucking on his bottom lip.
So this was also partially John’s fault.  He was the one that insisted on going for tea so “my damn fingers don’t freeze off.  Hate the bloody cold.”
Century London was heavy with the anticipation of the coming rain, stuck in the moment before the drops start to fall.  The clouds were sinking, hovering, almost waiting.  His route was even more onerous than usual, the familiar streets not even registering in his vision, past versions of the walk flickering in his mind and overlapping.  It wasn’t different from any of those times before, it never was, and it never would be.  The words from yesterday had sunk into his mind.  He hesitated outside his usual coffee haunt, heading there on automatic before halting, stuck in the doorway to the chagrin of the man behind him.  He turned away and marched down the street, his hands shoved deep in his pockets.  His hands bumped up against his silent phone, the only people who had the number clearly busy with more important things.
came back and suddenly, rather than being a nuisance, his awareness became an advantage.  Now, without any immediate danger, he was stuck between peace and chaos on a near constant basis and it felt like going back to square 1.
Sherlock’s only acknowledgment of his arrival was passing him a pair of gloves from the depths of his pockets.  He may go rogue sometimes, but prevented anything from compromising the investigation.
“I thought you had class?” John said, moving past him to start moving the lights back to their corner.
“I’m fine!” he shouted.  Lestrade scowled at him and Sherlock waited for him to fight back.  Instead, he was pulled towards the exit.  Sherlock was tempted to refuse to fly up to the platform but he couldn’t be sure Lestrade wouldn’t enlist Mallory to haul him up and he would rather avoid the indignity.
And anyway what did she even know about dating?  Apart from that date she went on.  He’d never found out who the mystery person was.  Then again did it really matter?
It wasn't that John had meant to keep it a secret.  It was simply that no one had asked and so he hadn't said anything.  If someone asked, well then of course he would
One of the thugs launched at Sherlock.  Sherlock scrambled backwards and, with his back to the wall, kicked the aggressive angel in the face.  The angel reeled, holding a bloody nose, and Sherlock darted into John’s eye line, this time in front of him.  As far as he could make out, he hadn’t been injured, moving fast enough that the other guy couldn’t grab him.  But what Sherlock was unaware of was that this placed him in direct line of the other thug.  The second man had prepared an attack, and was ready to pounce.  John saw him lunge and, with alarm, saw something glinting in his hand.  Weapon.  Sherlock jumped back, losing his footing and falling to the floor, exposed and vulnerable.  Without conscious thought, John pushed a wave of energy out, causing the lights to flicker and dim momentarily, and knocking both the henchmen and the club manager (who had yet to speak a word) out cold.
“Yeah I’m pretty sure.  See you later.”  John didn’t wait to hear her reply.  He pushed his way through the crowd in both the living room and hallway.
“Surprised he noticed me leaving.  Seemed to be pretty happy with you from what I saw,” John said, his jaw twitching.
Sherlock glowered.  “You can’t tell anyone.”  Intriguing.  John nodded.  “My brother bailed me out.”
He thought about the experiment he wanted to run and got as far as dragging out the materials but found it didn’t have the same hold on him as he was hoping.  However, it was either this or stare at various spots around the flat with growing intensity, so he got on with it anyway.
Sherlock had never been good at shouldn’t.  He could look quickly.  John would never know.  He pulled the book closer.  Glanced around.  Flicked the book open.  Another glance.  Then he turned to the back.
Sherlock let out an irritated “Hnnnnnnn” at such a suggestion.  He wouldn’t leave John behind.  Unlike John apparently.
Lestrade sighed.  “Duly noted.  Now, I have to go talk to some people higher up, they’re still blocking our evidence request for the Tillbury case.  Can you go and talk to our contact Stamford about any miscellaneous body parts that may have shown up?  His office is on the third floor, although he might be in a lab somewhere.  Can never find anyone in this bloody place.”
“Your photography,” was a surprise opening sentence.  He hadn’t realised they had been taking notice.  “It’s good sweetheart.  It’s really good.  And you obviously love it.  So I was thinking.  Maybe, if you felt up to it, you could get a qualification in it?  That might help make it into a career for you yeah?”
“Yeah, yes, god yes,” John said, punctuating each with a nip at Sherlock’s bottom lip.  There was a small part of Sherlock’s brain that told him to sod the flat and just keep going in the alleyway because the idea of moving was
“Okay.  I’ll grab my jacket.”  It was only when Sherlock had disappeared that John registered what he has said.
Fallen’s, the actual under-world Fallen’s had taken the Council.  And somehow he was supposed to rescue John from all this.
“I know you heard me.”  Sally was leaning against the opposite wall after being instructed her ‘pacing around’ otherwise known as
John had headed to the kitchen and so missed the curious look Sherlock was giving the package in his hand.  He replied, “Don’t eat them all at once, you’ll be sick, but yes, I did buy you biscuits.”  What he also missed was the small smile Sherlock gave the biscuits, as he heaved himself upright, perched his feet on the seat of the chair, blanket still swaddled around him.
“Well I’ll settle for you instead,” she said, pushing the selection towards him.  He ignored the offering until she busied herself with glaring pointedly at the dust on the bookshelf before swiping the digestives.
“Hey, what are you doing?” John yelped, as Sherlock shoved his hand in his pocket. To do so, instead of walking round, Sherlock leant over so his front was solidly on John’s back.
That being said, John would admit the flat looked better for having a Sherlock in it, more complete somehow, and he grinned when he saw the angel perched on the far chair, wings folded neatly and tight on his back, knees tucked up so his feet balanced precariously on the seat of the chair.
The coldness of his room couldn’t dissipate the crackling energy he felt, flowing through his fingers and toes.  He sprawled out on his bed.
“Yes probably,” John admitted.  He was not stupid and did not think Miss Lincoln could help with the case.
) and, of course, his experiments, his precious, possibly ground-breaking experiments, were all destroyed in the process.  After this had happened one too many times, Sherlock had an epic strop (
“Of course I was worried.  After everything we went through last year, after you literally had to leave everything behind, you think I don’t worry?  I suppose I didn’t want to overwhelm you before you’d found your feet.  I did not realise you would feel left out, an oversight I won’t be making again.  I don’t know how to say I’m sorry enough.”
Is this the best chapter ever? I don't think so.  Does it get us where we need to go? You're damn right.
He was still awake, barely.  The long day was catching up with him, and the repetitive soothing motion of Sherlock’s hand on his shoulder was like a cocoon protecting him from the outside world.  Trying to keep his mind on the case, he thought it was oddly like this afternoon, staring at an Underground station, apart from this was a live-feed rather than a recording.  No rewind button or zoom function, although that was what Sherlock was for, the Fallen never missing anything.  He was great like that, really great, just-
Anyway, as a thank you for your patience, this chapter develops both the plot and... let's say John and Sherlock get closer...
“You orchestrated this?”  He was happy his voice did not shake and that he didn’t outright threaten him there and then.
“Will you dance with me?” he asked and Sherlock’s features mirrored John’s own: soft eyes, slightly dopey smile.
.  Mostly it was about stupid, small things, like class work being awful (John), classmates being stupid (Sherlock), a weird bruise that could either be rugby or alcohol related (“Rugby obviously”, “Obviously?”, “From when that guy slammed into you last Saturday”, “Aww, you came to the match?”, “I can go to places other people are John, it’s not unheard of, and no, I’m not blushing!”) or deductions about people around them (Sherlock, often followed by a giggling John saying “Shhh, they’ll hear you!”).  Most of the time, Sherlock and John played an unspoken game of trying to get the other person to lose it laughing, though neither would admit the true reason why.  At the sound of Sherlock Holmes
“It’s the glow you have to look for,” he said, highly aware of Sherlock looking at him with as close to awe as Sherlock ever looked.  Well, the mixture.  John was sure Sherlock had forgotten he was there.  John stood up and motioned for Sherlock to put his hand over the mixture, to feel the power that was emanating from the solution.  There were other markers and tests you could do to confirm it but this was by far the simplest and effective.
Before Lestrade could yell at him for destruction of property, Mallory appeared at the door.  “Sir.”
“I know,” Sherlock replied, his voice still soft.  “And I’m glad you want to stay.  I just, know it hurts, sometimes.”  He almost stammered the last bit, unusually unsure.
he had thought a lot about Sherlock before he even knew he was called Sherlock, but this was getting ridiculous.  Every lecture was spent trying to concentrate, accidently letting his mind wander to curly hair and silver eyes, and soft lips and surprisingly strong hands, trying to stop thinking about those things, ending up thinking about them more, and then the lecture was over and he had to ask Mike for notes.
“Perhaps you should enlighten me,” he bit back.  Anything to get the attention away from John.  Perhaps he could give him a window to run.
It could all wait for him. It had been patient for this long, a few hours more wouldn’t hurt. Besides, there was someone he had to see first.
sat in his pyjamas on a Friday night, curled up on the sofa, trying to talk quietly enough that Mrs Hudson wouldn’t be able to eavesdrop, and talking about a boy to what would probably qualify as his best friend if he was the type of person who had best friends.
.  I merely pointed out- John.”  Sherlock’s speech flipped from annoyed to concerned.  John, who was busy pulling off his jumper, flung it off.  Sherlock was staring unblinkingly at his midriff.
"She said it was ridiculous that we were here at the same time and never spoke.  She seems to think I need to make
“Hi Sally,” he said.  John knew exactly two things about Sally Donavon.  One) she worked with Lestrade in the higher profile cases.  Two) she did not approve of Lestrade inviting John onto crime scenes.  One of these would make the next bit difficult.
“Sorry,” he said croakily, backing up a bit.  John let him go reluctantly, dragging his hands over Sherlock’s arms and holding onto his hands.
“A fact that haunts you to this day.”  Sherlock smirked and was so buoyed, he felt he had the strength to roll over onto his back and to try and sit up properly.
“We’re going to need the database,” Sherlock said without looking.  “Please,” he added, an afterthought.
Their task was simple. Find a tube station. Check to see if there was a symbol near the tube station.   Send Sherlock the location.  If it seemed fresh, scan back through the footage until you found the person responsible for tagging the wall.  Clip and send to Sherlock.
Sherlock pursed his lips and looked like he was about to refuse outright when he caught John’s eye.  Something faltered in his expression, and he sighed, turning towards the glass.
It was a Friday.  Why John held onto this detail later would evade him but it felt very important for him to remember that the case started on a Friday.  It is also important to note that there were certain topics they didn’t talk about.  John’s army days and Sherlock’s wings.  Everything else could be skirted around, implied, alluded to or otherwise but not those two. It didn’t stop John from feeling burningly curious.  Sherlock had said he wasn’t here illegally so there had to be some explanation, some quirk in the system perhaps, or one of his experiments gone wrong.  He could be lying.  John hoped he wasn’t and chose to believe he wasn’t but without knowing...
That left only two more to investigate.  He was supposed to be meeting Jack Darbyshire tomorrow which just left-
He didn’t hear the banging at first.  He had his headphones on, blasting music, trying to focus on the stupid report he had to write up which he had left to what felt like the last second because he was an
The universe didn’t help him wallow in self pity, despite the weather.  Half-way through his second circuit he received a message from a Guard patrolling another section of the city.  They’d found the taxi.  It was parked on a residential road, in someone’s driveway, meaning the eye tended to glance over it without registering it as odd.  There was no answer when the door was knocked, and at first viewing the house looked abandoned as well, the car matching the building it was left by like a part of a collection.  He sent a text each to Sherlock and Lestrade with the location and determined to leave them to it, shoving his phone back in his pocket.  He was only a Junior Guard, what did he know about crime investigations or abandoned taxis or people with changing faces?  His thoughts shuddered onto a similar, yet different track to whirl around and he was quickly lost in them once more.
She poked her head around the kitchen door and she smiled at him.  “Finally awake I see.”  He grumbled in response, rolling onto his back to look at the ceiling.
“You never asked.  Plus I couldn’t deal with you doing the whole protective-Alpha routine.  I can look after myself.”
Sherlock couldn’t help the feeling of pride when he looked into to what once was the upstairs bedroom but was now a veritable mini-forest.  Perhaps it was because he knew it made John happy, which in turn meant that Sherlock made John happy by creating the room itself.  He squashed this feeling however when he realised he should still be annoyed and so switched back to his scowl.  John was stood blocking the doorway, his big, round eyes and jumper making him look the picture of innocence.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and mirrored John’s pose on the sofa.  The sun once again surrounded John with an ethereal glow, highlighting his soft, blonde hair, and his deep blue eyes and the not-terrible jumper he was wearing.  He looked beautiful.  Sherlock leaned over to kiss him again, just because he could, and the thought that he was allowed to thrilled him.
Sherlock pursed his lips for a second.  “I was concerned about the motivation for your actions,” he said haughtily.
“At least he might be able to get me an interesting case,” Sherlock muttered, turning his head to the floor but Lestrade’s hearing was sharp.
They made their way into the ballroom proper.  A bar ran along the left side, with several people already stationed there, a few large circular tables with lilac decorations, all framing a large dance floor which was practically deserted apart from a few brave (and judging by their dancing, drunk) souls clumped in the middle.  The music was being played by the Quartet who were pushed into a corner, and Sherlock admitted they were alright.  He let the music sway him slightly, imagined joining in a waltz, spinning softly, with John in his arms… in front of everyone.  No.  Because that wasn’t platonic and people would be staring and then John would want to stop dancing.
“John, everything you said to my father, only you see that.  Everyone else always focuses on my faults, it’s in their nature too but you, you make me stronger.  Better than that you make me happy.”
Sherlock had to plan.  It was the only way this was going to happen.  Saturday was chosen as the optimal day and one-by-one, he eliminated the distractions.
good intentions.  Their intentions were stellar.  Immaculate.  Butter-wouldn’t-melt type of intentions.
That was John’s main sensation and to be fair, the only thing he really cared about.  Hunger, thirst, that could all wait because right now he was so comfy that he could reasonably never leave again.  Wherever he was.  Where the hell was he?
“Sherlock, what-” John sounded panicked, as he tried to twist Sherlock round to expose his back to the dim light.
She considered this question.  John took the other seat on the sofa and swore the porcelain cats on the mantlepiece were staring at him.  He focussed on the woman instead.
John realised they had been incredibly lucky up to this point, more so than should be allowed.  This was perhaps why he was not surprised at what happened next.
People didn’t quite understand the friendship between John Watson and Sherlock Holmes.  Individually, they were a rugby-playing, jumper-wearing medical student and a campus consulting detective who happened to also be studying chemistry.  Their paths should never have crossed.  And yet, three lunchtimes a week at least, they could be found in the Quad, the same picnic bench every time, heads bent over sketchbooks.  The mystery of their friendship was something passersby liked to debate.
“If we solve the case, we find John.  It’s clearly all linked together.  Whoever’s behind it knew I was getting close and wanted to distract me from the case.”
Glass shattered.  Metal and wall bricks fell and smashed.  People were screaming, shouting.  The building rocked, as if it was tilting on its axis, inverting and spinning.
Sherlock looked at John.  “They’ll have stopped using the underground by now.  Could have chosen another location or shut the entire system down.   Our lead has gone AWOL.  Not exactly promising.”
.  To be completely honest, John had forgotten about his actual job.  The one that paid him money in return for turning up, rather than running around London at all hours after his flatmate.
Perhaps it was these thoughts that prompted his revelation.  Perhaps it was simply being in the right place at the right time.  Perhaps he wanted to impress Sherlock a little.
"Sure, that'd be great.  Get funny looks when I talk to the dogs anyway."  Sherlock thought of the skull and smiled.
“Oh here we go,” Molly said, rolling her eyes as John casually wandered over after most people had left with waves and shouts of “thanks”.
“- a map of the taxi routes yes.  Mr Faber’s is here,” Sherlock pointed to the alleyway they had just left, “at roughly 9.”
“Tea?” he asked the place near Sherlock’s elbow.  Sherlock’s hand skittered over his tools, but he grunted an affirmative.  John nodded, shuffled a few things around, and stared at the kettle for the minutes it took to boil.  He set the mug down, bumping it gently into Sherlock’s elbow to signal its arrival.  He made toast with the same concentration as he had made the tea.
It had been five days since they had been unceremoniously kicked off the case.  Lestrade’s words were on the line of “If I see either of you near this case again I’m going to murder both of you and leave your heads on spikes outside the building as a warning to others.”  John recalled being both horrified and impressed.  Lestrade could create very vivid imagery when he wanted.  However their dismissal had the knock-on effect of infuriating Sherlock who, after chasing around London for a while, declared the entire thing hopeless and retreated to the sofa, muttering darkly about Guards and portals and how idiotic and annoying the universe was.
His scandalised tone only made Sherlock giggle more.  “Hysteria might be setting in,” he managed to stutter out.
Sherlock struggled for a moment, scrunching up his nose and mouth in a way John thought was pretty close to being adorable.  “My mind stagnates at boredom.  We finally have a case, a great one, the biggest case for-“ he gestured that it was impossible to describe the amount of time- “and to be stuck, trapped, waiting for the car to be found, and that
John broke off just as harshly as he had started.  Sherlock gasped again as he was released back into reality, finally feeling grounded. They were both panting but refused to widen the small distance between them. Sherlock stared at him, wide eyed, lips swollen.
He was attempting to wrestle his mat onto the top of the pile when a voice he had become very familiar with over the past half hour spoke just behind him.
“Let me,” he offered, happy his voice was still even.  It was then John looked up and Sherlock couldn’t help smirk at the appreciative way John scanned his body.
“Don’t mention it,” she said with an ‘I know how he is’ shrug.  “Molly,” she said, sticking her hand out jerkily, as if this was a foreign gesture, one read about but never attempted.
His entire body had been turned into a furnace.  Each breath was like fire lancing down his lungs, choking him with each inhale and exhale.  His legs still protested from the burpees earlier.  His arms were burning, each upwards lift of the bar like forcing a locked door to open.  The music tempo was quick, difficult to match with his shoulder blades feeling like rusty steel unwilling to move.
Molly nodded to the open cupboard which John suspected was meant to be locked.  He shifted vials and brought it carefully to the end of the bench.  Both Molly and Sherlock seemed intrigued.  Trying not to feel too much like a magician or science teacher, John tipped a dose into an empty beaker and used the tweezers to extract another small chuck of F.A.  He dropped it in and swilled it round for lack of a stirrer.  The mixture gradually changed gradient, from clear to a glowing blue.
He nodded and followed Sherlock in a daze.  Trailed up, up, up until London was laid out before them.  Soon they were sat in the back of a cab.  Seemed like a good idea, quicker route home, less time to think, think about hands and connections and-  But now they were in the back and their knees were almost touching, and he couldn’t look at Sherlock but he could see him in the reflection from the mirror, and he could just reach out, stroke a hand through his wings, he could, but he couldn’t, and so he sat, stock still and this was hell it had to be because-
He was feeling good as he made his way over to work, head full of the new flat and its mysterious but handsome occupant.
It was amusing then, with these warnings ringing in his ears, that the actual move in day was fairly anti-climactic.
Thus it had started, not only a friendship but also the parties and social events that went with being someone’s friend.  That was how he was identified anyway, a conversation always starting with “Oh, you’re Sherlock right? Victor’s friend?”
John turned and looked at him.  It was only then that he registered what he had said and back-tracked.  “No, no, no.  Sherlock.”  John caught his arm as he tried to move.  “
Sherlock turned to Lestrade.  “This is the key to everything.  Can’t believe I didn’t see it earlier, thrown by one wrong assumption.  Big things are coming.  I can sense it.”  He was practically glowing.
Lestrade pursed his lips, considering.  He begrudgingly nodded.  “Okay.  Just make sure he’s quick about it yeah?”
“Of course, you do.  Think of all those people in your precious army you never talk about and I can tell you why-”
.  Sure there were times when he and John were what his 17 year old self would have called disgustingly domestic but recently, yes, he’d been busy and the case and his work had been distracting him.  But he had to put this right somehow.
) and, of course, things could be worse.  For example, at least he was no longer in danger of being abducted by Moriarty and made to do his bidding for the rest of his life.  At least things were better than that.  However, there were some things that made him feel...unsettled.
“It’s not a trick.  Its observation.  Its learning about people and the way they act and the way they present themselves and using it as a code, as a guidebook.  People think they can hide things and some get very close but there will always be a tell,
“Oh.”  Lestrade fell from his hunched position.  Sherlock looked over at him.  Ah.  He and John were friends.  This would be upsetting.  He didn’t have any words, between his own emotions over-spilling and his lack of social etiquette knowledge, so he simply leaned over until his shoulder rested on Lestrade’s.  Solidarity, in the place of comfort.  Words would be useless anyway.
They were close.  They were always close.  Personal space was not really their thing but this was different.  Sherlock had his head tilted down to look at him, and he was there, in the dim glow of the lights, wings blocking out the people behind, an angel even if he didn’t believe it, and the beat of the music was rocking through him, and the heat of the dance floor was burning through him, and he wanted to reach out, to get those fingers back, to interlock them, and to move closer, to tilt his head up, wanted to be closer, and Sherlock’s hand ghosted over his again, and he wanted to touch, wanted to feel, wanted,
.  You know?  That you, you wouldn’t be de- dez- described!  Described by one word.  Especially not nice.
“I think you might be in danger.”  John sat up straighter in his chair, eyes flickering over the café.  There was only one obvious source.
Sherlock pulled back and huffed in frustration.  John laughed and smiled again and god Sherlock loved that smile.
Sherlock swallowed and the taste of John, although not strictly pleasant, had him shivering.  John slumped back onto his knees, trying to avoid crushing Sherlock’s chest as he struggled to get his breathing back in check.  While he waited for John to return to him fully, Sherlock rocked his hips back and forth against John’s arse and soon John was rocking with him.  He sighed at the feeling and leant back against the pillows, shutting his eyes as heat pooled in his stomach.  He then whined as John moved away, rolling so he was pressed up against Sherlock’s side instead.
Clinically he began.  “To get to the Below requires a lot of energy.  More energy than one angel can contain.  The Council siphons a small amount from each angel in taxes for emergencies but even then only angels can travel through their portal, registered on the system.  The Fallen needed to create an illegal one which they are able to pass through.  Historic buildings have a unique position of being connected to those in the Below world, hence this station.  The energy has come from those they destroyed.”
The memories of last night seemed to be triggered by this realisation and Sherlock snapped fully awake. He was in John's bed. The same bed was devoid of one John Watson.
,” John swore.  Sherlock’s explanation had completely slipped his mind.  He must have been in agony.
As he was leaving Barts, he’d reconvened with Greg who said the Fallen had simply said “Brother did it.  Prank gone wrong” and then walked off.  So they returned to Damien’s flat, got a medic to reattach his arm, asked a few questions, went to question the brother, and fuck if Sherlock wasn’t right.
Sherlock pretended to be offended at this.  “You need to be more imaginative.  Almost every person I’ve met has tried to accuse me of violent rebellion at least 6 times.”
“I really want to kiss you,” John said, and looked as startled as Sherlock felt at the confession.  Clearly, he didn’t mean to say it out loud, but Sherlock wanted to reassure him he didn’t mind.  It was then he noticed they had both leaned in while Sherlock was making his deductions and he was actually within kissing distance.  His heart beat picked up and John was licking his lips in a way that was entirely too distracting and-
John tensed next to him at the mention of the Above and squeezed his nape once.  “I’m hoping that fact that your here means that’s sorted?”
He was fairly certain Sherlock was not going to apologise for last night.  He was to be proved correct in such an assumption.  However, they could not spend the next however many hours in silence because John felt he would surely go mad.  But he wasn’t going to break the silence first.  Oh no, let Sherlock do that.  It’s the least he could do.  It was right he should talk first.  John hadn’t done anything other than his job.  No, he wouldn’t speak first, he wouldn’t.
That was all Sherlock’s mind could supply when he rounded the corner to be confronted by the kitchen.  The kitchen which was looking newly cleaned.   The kitchen that was devoid of all experiments and equipment left there only hours before.
His owner was pacing up and down the flat.  Through the kitchen, down the hallway, around the coffee table, dodge the chairs, back into the kitchen.  Repeat.  Every third or so circuit, he would glance up at the mirror, pause, adjust his collar, tug at his jacket, or run a hand through his unruly mass of curls.  Then on the next mirror stop he would shift the collar again, take off the jacket, and flatten back down the hair.  Gladstone couldn’t tell where the agitation was coming from but the fact that his owner, who the other weird tall not-dogs called Sherlock, was so visibly upset was making him nervous.  He had sat himself down on the sofa (the biscuit lady downstairs needn’t know) so he could see his master at all times and was quietly waiting for
They didn’t even share a bedroom and late night sneaking was deterred when they discovered his brother worked through the night and therefore there were still people wandering the halls.  Nothing to kill a mood more than a polite “Is there anything I can get for you sir?”
John blinked, surprised his hunch had been correct and might have possibly solved both his questions in one go.  It couldn’t be that easy surely?  But it did fit.  “It’s a literal sign?”
Neither of the Holmes’ spoke. There was at once too much to say and too few words to express them.  Mycroft’s eyes never left his brother though, as if he would disappear should he look away. Sherlock’s gaze was fixed out the window, tracking the streets as they slipped away.
So John wasn’t nervous.  Yet.  He’d arrived early to set up the big white backdrop screens and to mess around with the lighting.  For this initial image John wanted everything in stark contrast, emphasising Sherlock’s pale skin and black riotous hair.  Sherlock had suggested that he could wear formalwear and John had agreed.  They would leave off the jacket for more of a solid contrast and both had agreed to no tie.  John had said it would leave a suggestion things were not as put-together as they first appeared, leading into the rest of the set.  Sherlock had said he would rather strangle John with one before wearing it.
He attempted to look casual as he hung about the doorway.  Thought about wandering into the café for a coffee.  Also thought of walking around the block again.  Decided against both, the first because there were more people in the café than he was comfortable with, the second because he would feel like a right twat crossing past the same people again.
"So it's a criminal spot-the-difference puzzle, great."  Sherlock chuckled next to him and their arms brushed.  John's entire left arm light up like sparks of electricity were in his bones.  He stifled a gasp.
“And you’re willing to trust me despite the fact John has been kidnapped?  Some would call that foolish,” he said, scrubbing a hand through his hair.  “You’re not worried I’m going to fail?  I thought you and John were…close colleagues?  Surely you’d want to take a lead on this.”
“Alright.  Who would you...set up with Sherlock?”  John froze.  He didn’t want to hear the answer but his feet were unwilling to co-operate with his brain.
him.  As if to emphasis Sherlock chose that moment to whisper in his ear. "I think you should take me to bed John."
"So you mean to say that all that time I've spent trying not to flirt with you has been wasted because you were also trying not to flirt with me?"
“Sherlock, calm down.  I’ll try and get in touch with him, you should go and look in all the places John’s likely to go.  But first you need to tell me what you did.”
Mycroft sighed one of his ‘why do I have to deal with this?’ sighs.  “It’s only for one evening.  I’m sure even you can manage that, and London isn’t simply going to implode without your presence.”
It was regular Thursday, or at least, it was to start.  Sherlock had been called in, in order to help with a possible robbery at a boutique.  Lestrade wouldn’t have bothered but the particulars of this exact case were at least a strong 7 if not a 8 which was a lot better than some of the more recent cases which had either been dismissed or ignored.
“The database would flag up if someone wasn’t meant to be here, it’s why we have it in the first place.  Plus the taxi company would eventually flag up Faber had gone rogue, they would have been trying to contact him about jobs.  They needed to become these people, live their lives.  Solitary people would be targeted meaning someone from inside is helping.  As for staying here, I would suggest something bigger is on the horizon that requires their presence here.”  Here Sherlock’s eyes caught John’s calculating something.
John cursed his busted wing a few times for good measure, despite the fact he wasn’t sure he could support both their weight in flight even when his wing worked properly.
In return for this show of trust, Sherlock would reluctantly show John his sketches, usually with twelve caveats of “it’s nothing really”.  John would of course consistently answer with “they’re beautiful you idiot,” which caused Sherlock to blush for more reasons than he cared to examine.
To put it bluntly, it had been three months since they’d found themselves permanently in the land of the living and if Sherlock Holmes didn’t get into John Watson’s pants he was going to spontaneously combust.
Two years.  But one day, at the beginning of third year, things changed.  Not dramatically.  Not even enough to be concerned about really.  And usually he wouldn’t be concerned.  If it was literally anyone else on the earth, it would be doubtful he would notice at all.   But this was John so Sherlock was on edge.
“You think Mike can help?” he asked. They still hadn’t gone out for that catch-up, despite texting a little and although John wouldn’t say he was avoiding Mike, he was almost definitely avoiding him.  He supposed he could point to his flatmate and shrug in a ‘Well you know living with him is a full-time job’ way.
He was professionally dressed, a black Armani- no Westwood suit, polished shoes, and a ties with a pattern that looked disconcertingly like eyes.  His hair was carefully slicked back and a charming smile flickered on his lips.  He stood for a moment, his hands in his pockets, letting Sherlock examine him.  There was something troubling about him, an untamed energy sparking in his eyes, the relaxed manner in which he held John hostage.  The viper in the grass, the spider in the centre of the web, the person they’d been searching for.  And Sherlock was terrified to realised he knew him.
"As you might have guessed, I am so angry at you," John growled and he kept his grip in Sherlock's hair tight, commanding all of his attention with ease. "You- you left. You left
“And yet you will have to indulge mine for a moment,” he said, standing up.  “Or are you planning on living under a bridge while you become acquainted with the world?”
He passed through the threshold and let the door swing shut. He took it all in, the dim hallway, the clash of patterns between the chair and the wallpaper, the side table with the simple lamp, Mrs Hudson’s front door.
There were three doors leading out of the room, the one he’d just come from, a wooden one on the far-left of the room and one directly in front of him, with frosted glass that looked like it led to an office.  If he had to bet, he would guess Sherlock had headed to the office first but there was also the possibility he was going to walk in on the manager and somehow have talk his way out of it.
Sherlock paused for a second.  He was looking at John as if he had just announced he was going to drink the Thames.  “
Greg caught the pen and started twirling it in his fingers.  “Look you could have said you wanted to move.  You could have had the spare room at mine or something.”
Lestrade was staring determinedly out of the window.  He had been staring determinedly out of the window for five minutes now.  He knew this because when he was not looking out the window, he was staring at the clock in his car, wiling time to go faster or for there to be a bank robbery, or for their suspect to leap out and attack them or
When he met Sherlock Holmes, he was sure he had been caught.  There was no way this man who could tell him about his mental state, his service, his sister, all from a few glances would be oblivious to his secret.
It might not be.  People had coursework and John probably had other friends he needed to see and maybe he’d gone back home for a bit and there was a myriad of other things John could be doing besides seeing Sherlock that had nothing to do with John not
“Oh shut up,” Sherlock turned and John pretended he didn’t see him scrubbing away a tear as he flagged down a taxi, returning to his natural poise and coolness.
Sherlock had to pull him back as John automatically went to open the door.  He should be more concerned by the fact that he would blindly follow Sherlock’s orders without pausing to think.
to go.  Because of all the mystery stuff.  Not because of the wink though.  Definitely not because of that.
Moriarty looked amused.  “That’s the trouble with you Sherlock.  You’re all business.  I am disappointed you haven’t worked it out though.  I mean I’ve given you everything you need.”  Moriarty slung his arm around John’s shoulders, who winced slightly before locking his limbs and standing perfectly still.  Sherlock felt his jaw flex as he restrained himself from running forward and breaking Moriarty’s arm.  “I guess I have you to thank for that,” he whispered in John’s ear but with his shining black eyes locked on Sherlock.
This was demonstrated by the fact Sherlock was nearly jumping up and down at the news, stopped only by the fact he did not want to do so in front of the Guards.
When Sherlock had made his surprise revelation, he thought Lestrade was finally going to lose it.  Just straight up chaos which ended up with any or all of them in the hospital.  The angel was under a lot of stress after all and there was only so much he could be expected to take on.  Instead Lestrade’s face went through 19 distinct emotions from confusion all the way through to apoplectic, and then shuttered into neutral.
“Awww you came to me for advice.  A horrible decision but very sweet.”  Molly then went quiet.  Sherlock appreciated that she was taking this question seriously rather than treating him to the “be yourself” nonsense.
so long as their favourite recreational establishment, whether it be a club, a coffee shop, or a pub garden, was installed.  It always was, and so people were pretty happy.  Despite the vastness of the land depicted, the map was incredibly detailed.  Apparently, the cartographers here liked a challenge and had nothing but time on their hands.  Upon the map, Sherlock was meticulously crossing off tube links, colour coding them as they called them out.  Some were easy to figure out.  Yellow= Symbol spotted.  Blue= Nothing there.  But then there were reds and purples and one circled viciously in green which made sense only to the angel that was scribbling them down.  Instead of being sensible and moving the map to the edge of the table however, Sherlock was having fun launching himself across the table and sprawling himself across the surface to reach the other edges, and John?  Well John had Thoughts on that but once again, a practical man, he did as he was told and ignored the stretch and reach of Sherlock’s limbs in his tight-fitting clothes because, as the humans would say, Jesus Motherfucking Christ.  Thus, security watch although tedious, at least gave him a focus.
“Sooo, do you still fancy him?” he said, nodding towards the photo.  It was quite possibly the worst line he’d ever used.  In fact he wanted to take it back for being awful and try it again if it wasn’t for the renewed blush and small smile on Sherlock’s face.
crept into the flat at some point today to steal our milk in order to set up this entire situation just so she could clean- Actually, thinking about it that does sound possible,” Sherlock scowled again, this time confused.
"Sherlock, are you okay?" John said slowly, as if speaking to a skittish wild animal, trying to appear unruffled.
“I deduce things.  Observe what everyone can see but cannot put together.  People are idiots sometimes,” he said, sighing, thinking of the Yard.
He knew his name was Victor.  Victor Trevor.  Victor Trevor from Kent, Chemistry student, had a cat named Mittens at home, did ballet on the weekends, liked apple crumble and rugby union.  There had been a weak moment on Tuesday afternoon but he would have to somehow mention Victor needed better security settings on his social media.
Victor didn’t quite know what to do at this point.  He hadn’t been expecting to actually find him so this was something of a surprise.  Luckily John spotted him while he had paused in his indecision and was making his way towards him.  Unluckily, John looked pissed off.  Like really pissed off.  Victor felt the urge to run even though he was fairly certain he’d done nothing wrong.  Oh God he was right in front of him.
“Now you see, to me John, despite your convincing words, your tone of voice still screams jealous and can’t deal with it.  And that’s fine.  Just give this Victor guy a chance.  He is Sherlock’s friend after all and I’m sure that even if he does have a new person to hang out with, Sherlock still loves you just the same.”
was the imperative, he’d told everyone that this was the most important thing to him at the time.  This was true.
“Follow as back-up,” Sherlock ordered Lestrade and then John was jogging to keep up with him as he took-off at a quick pace.
John couldn’t help but laugh.  “You’ve made that abundantly clear.  That’s why I’m worrying about you instead.”  And in that moment, Sherlock’s lips twisted the other way, a small smile.  Contemplated saying something.  Thought better of it.  Changed his mind.
The usually kept curls were in a messy riot, the pressed clothes crumpled, as if they had not been meticulously smoothed before he swept out the house.  The rigidity in his posture had relaxed, making his movements slightly less graceful than usual.  A scarf was slung round his neck but was failing to conceal what looked suspiciously like bite marks.  In a word, Sherlock was dishevelled.  In a few more, he looked
feel them, couldn’t without wanting to bolt onto a plane straight home and lock the door, as if that made everything safe.
The teens didn’t even have a time to stammer a response before a mist descended over them and they fainted on the floor.  He’d never seen Sleep mist up close before, it’s use strictly prohibited and technically illegal for anyone not in the Guards.  However, it was a move that fixed the lesser problems in John’s life.
Negatives: the club manager was not happy to see him.  His bleary eyes had narrowed when Sherlock was shown into the room by an agitated Lestrade and if his hand weren’t in cuffs they would certainly be around Sherlock’s neck by now.
“Because you said he was.”  Now there was a sentence that needed unpacking.  His therapist would have a field day.  It made Sherlock smile though which counted way more than any eyebrow raises.
“But do not observe, yada yada,” Victor cut in. “I fully understood the first time, felt the second time was a little unnecessary, and by now I’ve lost count and feel like the words are forever ingrained into my mind.  I bet if you opened my head up those words would be patterned into my skull.”
He should have laughed.  The last rash thing he did was sign up to be a war-healer.  What would become known as the biggest war to unfold in the afterlife since the Fall had broken out a week prior, and had developed from a mere skirmish to an out-and-out dogfight for people’s souls.  John knew he had to do
Sherlock had stopped and appeared to be consulting the map of the surrounding area posted near the stairs.  This was odd on many accounts, mainly because Sherlock often boasted of having an encyclopaedic knowledge of the city, and many places beyond.  It was a skill he had enchanted John with one cloudy afternoon when neither of them had anything better to be doing than wandering around, diving through side streets and back-roads, all with Sherlock pointing out oddities, like a deranged tour guide.  “Arson destroyed this building two decades ago, you can tell by the panelling.  There was a hidden library down those steps, shame the woman moved on but it was getting too popular.  You can get to Paddington from here without seeing a single door.  Best Vietnamese take-away in the city.”  (John could verify this last point.  It was pretty amazing.)
They spent the rest of the day in companionable silence, Sherlock in his own head, and John trying to distract himself from thinking about last night and the night to come.  Once he’d sorted one problem, every small flaw in Baker Street made itself known, and he spent the day tightening screws, fixing the wobbly chair leg in the sitting room, washing the blankets that were shoved on the back of the sofa, cleaning the skull on the wall and adjusting its headphones, and a multitude of other “I’ll get round to it later” tasks.
“I’m fine.  Just a bad dream,” he said in an approximation of his normal voice, even attempting a swift smile.  He rolled himself off of the sofa, stood up and walked to the bathroom.  He felt clammy, the residue of both sweat and sleep clinging to him and trapping him back in the dream.
John was cut off by the Fallen’s response.  “I didn’t steal it.”  John was starting to feel that he should simply keep an eyebrow raised during this conversation, as he looked slowly from the Fallen’s now affronted face to the arm and back to his eyes.  Was this what other people felt talking to him?  He had some apologies to make.
The Fallen himself was either a visual learner (the Guards did a course at the beginning of their training- unsurprisingly, he was a practical man himself), or had a dramatic urge that must be adhered to with as many stereotypes as possible.  Evidence?  In the middle of the room they had commandeered, there was a sprawling virtual map showing the sprawling metropolis that was the afterlife.  John was certain that if the time on this case wasn’t more pressing, Sherlock would have commissioned a real parchment scroll map for the thrill of it.
“This,” he said, shaking the bag with the feather, “isn’t mine.  Watch,” here he shook his wings out, causing the Guards behind him to jump out the way.  “They don’t just
The man in question was almost impressed.  “Jack I assume?”  Of course the police managed to mess up arresting a suspect.  This is why they should have consulted him.
“Look, we’re dealing with a security breach on an unprecedented scale.  Until we have a list of all the Fallen currently in Council limits, and their new identities, there’s nothing else we can do.”
Luckily, businesses had not failed to notice this time-poor, energy dependent consumer base that was the Guard units, and so many places kept open into the early morning hours.  That being said, the employees were not exactly thrilled at this prospect, the barista’s face visibly pinching at the sight of him when he entered a deserted coffee shop a few minutes down the road.  Facing the boredom of no work was preferable to having to serve someone, especially someone who wanted to order 5 drinks.  John threw his change into the tip jar and promised himself he wouldn’t return here in order to not incur more wrath from the staff.  He checked his phone and looked out to the street, a few people still wandering by, the city never really stopping.  The building directly in front of him looked like an office block, glass sliding doors leading into a foyer, the only light a green Fire Exit sign.  However, reflected in the glass was another sign.  A sign John had been staring at for the past few hours.
“Morning sleepyhead,” a grumbled voice said in his general direction.  Sherlock tried to get his eyes to focus.  It was difficult with one of his eyes covered by a cushion.  The form of Jasmine sprawled on the opposite sofa merged into view.  He attempted to say “I feel like I’m dying.”  What actually came out of his mouth was “nugh.”
“You assume correct,” Mycroft paused over his reply, his mouth open as if he was going to continue.  His brother rarely hesitated so obviously and it immediately put Sherlock back onto a knife edge. This was what he had been waiting for. The confirmation that all was not well at 221, that something had gone wrong, that he’d missed something, that he would have to leave again and not return.
John couldn’t say it didn’t hurt a little that Sherlock didn’t want his help on the case but it was probably for the best.  He felt weak again, as if he’d suffered a physical blow.  Once again, he was too fragile to be relied upon.
John resisted the urge to simply pick Sherlock up and march him back to the flat, stopped only because his shoulder was aching from the odd angle and sudden reintroduction of blood flow and his tiredness.  He settled for hooking his good arm around Sherlock’s back, stretching out his wing to cover him from any sharp objects or crumbling brick work.  Before leaving them though, he checked the pockets of the men, and grabbed a phone off of the manager.  It was too much to hope they’d find their own phones but any way of contacting help was better than nothing.
“John, what the hell are you- oh god.” Sherlock slammed his head back against the bed and John laughed breathlessly in his ear as he lowered his hips. They were joined head to waist. Sherlock could feel John’s erection next to his and he experimentally shifted his hips up. John cursed and Sherlock would have laughed if he wasn’t busy chasing that sparking sensation in his gut.
John gasped and scrabbled to grab hold of the headboard as Sherlock hummed around his cock, tongue flat against the bottom, rocking his head back and forth.  John was speaking, rambling, expletives and praises jumbled together, cutting out in a strangled yell as Sherlock moved to suck on the head, and opening his eyes to lock onto John’s through his eyelashes.  John was panting, chest heaving, and his arms were trembling slightly were he gripped on, but there was more, something to allow him to let go completely.  Sherlock had noticed the little abortive thrusts he was making, and so took the opportunity to run a hand over John’s chest and move John’s right hand to the back of his head.  Sherlock’s hand that had previously been holding the base of John’s cock, providing a little friction grabbed a hip and pulled John closer, encouraging him to move.
“How so?” he asked, with a tilt of his head.  He moved away from the searching gaze to unpack the toaster.
Sherlock had many answers to that question and yet none felt appropriate to say at that moment in time.
“I’m supposed to be doing work.”  If you asked him, John would have no idea as to why his brain was still making him talk.  He would have very much liked for his brain to stop ruining this for him and to go offline for a bit.
The advice added an extra edge to an already stressful day because today was the day John had decided to bite the bullet and ask Sherlock out.  Casually.  In a totally non pressured environment.  In fact, maybe he would just feel out if Sherlock was interested in dating.  At all.  With anyone.  Specifically blondes who happened to like photography and lived across the hall from him.  Just you know, hypothetically speaking.
The room was shrouded in a hazy darkness, light battling through the curtains, to tinge the space yellow.  He didn’t bother to flick on the light.
.  He sat down on the edge of the bed, pulling Sherlock down to straddle his lap and kissed him again, tongues intertwining.  He titled his hips slightly and both of them shuddered when their erections touched, Sherlock softly swearing.  Sherlock began unbuttoning his shirt, fingers slipping over the buttons in his haste and John just kept him there, both hands in his hair and hips moving slowly, so so slowly, teasing.
Upon hearing John’s voice, Sherlock launched himself down the rest of the stairs and barrelled straight into him.  Locking his arms around John’s waist, he began nuzzling John’s neck with a contented “John,” slipping from his lips.
The pieces began to slot together in Victor’s mind and he did not like the picture that was beginning to see.  “What do you think is going on here?”
“So what do we do now?” the Senior Guard asked, restraining himself from yelling at the Fallen by the slimmest of margins.  Sherlock evaluated for a second.  It was annoying, yes, but this move wasn’t entirely unexpected.  The speed was the interesting part.  Had they taken it down a few hours ago or minutes?  As for next moves, there were two obvious avenues to follow.
When Sherlock bounded up the stairs to the flat everything was still and quiet, as if he was the only person in the building.  This was clearly not the case however; evidence of John was everywhere, in his jacket still hung up on the peg, his books still stacked neatly by his chair, the half-full tea mug on the coffee table.  The only thing missing from the picture was John.
Yes, this chapter is late but more plot! More domesticity! More swearing (not sure how that happened)!
“I’m really glad to hear that Molls.  You deserve it, you really do,” John said with sincerity.  He did think that Greg and Molly made a very good and sweet couple, although he often questioned why it took them so long to get together.
“No no! Everything’s fine.  Just thought you might need a blank background.  What with you only needing “my face” I believe was the exact job description?” Sherlock teased.
you doing?” Sherlock said as John fidgeted.  Ever collected, Sherlock was leaning against the shop front, one foot propped up, the only sign of agitation being the way he drummed his fingers against his knee.
As the old saying goes, time flies when your mind is sending you into a spiraling panic about your attractive fitness instructor and the half hour was over far too quickly.  People began filtering out and if it took Sherlock longer than everyone else to put away his mat then what of it?
He did not spill A+ blood over the kitchen table rather on the shower curtain he was currently testing.  (Most of it could be cleaned up but the stain had to be covered by a microscope and a prayer that Mrs Hudson never noticed it).
It was quickly evident that although John had been knocked out too, much of the strength of the spell had focussed on Sherlock.  Whereas John found that, although physically bruised, coherent thought was quick to return, Sherlock was less lucky.
John nodded, as if this had been his major concern before he caught up with Sherlock’s words.  “Landlady?”
“We should go,” Sherlock said quietly, like he was out of breath.  They were still stood so close that he could hear him easily.
This was how he managed to pull the fire alarm and slip into the various offices, whistling his way through the corridors.  The security cameras could be dealt with later and by someone other than him.
“Oh for-” John titled his face up, while dragging Sherlock’s head down to push their lips together.  For all the movement was demanding, his lips were soft and gentle, allowing him to move if he wanted to.  He froze for half a second, surprised, and then pressed back hesitantly.  He was hyper aware of every sensation, the sound of their breath and lips sliding, the flutter of eyelashes and press of noses, chastely holding hands but clinging on to each tightly.  Then John titled his head slightly, deepening the kiss.  Sherlock gasped and the whined as John pulled away first.  “I loved you then, I think, looking back on it,” he said.  “But I know I love you now, definitely.”
“Nearly three hours.  If Marsden hadn’t once slept through an eight hour raid then I’d say you were on your way to setting a record for stake-out napping.”
Mr Holmes had sat very patiently through Sherlock’s speech but the mocking look in his eyes suggested he was listening to a child throwing a tantrum.  His reply, “Oh does it?” an indulgence.
John pulled back reluctantly, leaning back in to press small biting kisses.  “Come on,” John said eventually, pulling him towards their bedroom.  On the one hand, it was the fantastic news he’d been waiting to hear.  On the other, it involved letting John go in order to move.  As a compromise, Sherlock took the lead to drag John past the door and to press him up against the wall.  He kept him pinned using his natural height as an advantage, locking hands and raising them above John’s head.  The kiss was wild, the frustration finally finding an outlet through tongues and lips and teeth.  Sherlock was so distracted in fact that he didn’t realise John was only humouring him.  This was brought to his attention when John deliberately rocked his hips forward, causing Sherlock’s grip to falter as the sensation shot through him and he eagerly pressed back, only to find himself pushed backwards to hit the edge of the bed.  John laughed as shock turned to pouting as Sherlock found himself not attached to his boyfriend.
Apparently the Committee of something-or-other was holding a Ball or a Banquet or something else exceedingly dull to congratulate or commemorate a thing, and the only part that mattered was that both Sherlock and John had been invited.  Well, less invited and more their presence was mandatory to keep an eye on the proceedings.  All this was enough to make Sherlock nearly cry with boredom but it was only when he found out the event would be happening in Kent, rather than in London, he flat out refused to go.
“Yeah that tends to be the definition,” the boy looked puzzled but seemed happy to go along for the time being.
someone.  Oh no, it had to be the gorgeous guy from across the hall.  Dressed in shorts and a vest top, it looked like he’d just come back from a work-out and he tried desperately not to stare but how the hell was he not meant to when his neighbour looked like
His ears were ringing and he couldn’t turn back.  It felt like something had shattered and he couldn’t breathe properly and they needed to get out of this bar right now.
To say Sherlock was frustrated was an understatement.  John, on the surface, appeared to be fairing better, smiling politely, answering questions, and generally trying to stop Sherlock from glaring/ stabbing the person interrupting.
“Anyone want anything?” he asked as he turned and stretched.  Sherlock glanced over at him but quickly turned his attention back to the map.  That was a no.  The others all muttered something that could be construed as a call for coffee and so John went in search of the cafeteria and thus the shitty self-service machine.  A shitty self-service machine which was not working and, being as it were about 11pm, there was no staff around behind the counter to help out.  He weighed up his options.  Either he left to go and find coffee which would cause Sherlock to kill him, or he return empty-handed and cause a riot amongst the others, causing him to kill Sherlock for not following work-day hours.  He could probably take Sherlock- the height would only go so far in being an advantage and John was sure he could turn it into a hindrance.  His quest continued.
“When will you learn to just look around you?” he was shouting when the chime sounded.  He was tempted to ignore it but his mind instantly jumped to the worst case scenario about something happening to Gladstone and so he took a quick glance at it.  Everyone took this as their cue to run for the hills.
Sherlock froze.  Footsteps approached at the other end of the platform, out of the darkness of the tunnel.  The voice was awfully, terribly familiar.
"Everything about your bearing says soldier.  The way you lean back into Parade rest without thinking, the tan line up to the shirt sleeve, the cropped hair."  Sherlock said in a rush before clamping his mouth shut.
Sherlock nearly screamed and he suddenly was not especially sorry that his nails were digging into John’s back because it all wouldn’t matter in a moment when he
was all the excuse he needed.  They agreed he’d text about when he’d move in (he was fairly certain his landlord wouldn’t mind that he was going but he didn’t want to seem over eager) and he went out onto the street.  As he looked back, Sherlock was still sat, eyes trained across the road, but at what John couldn’t see.
“Go on dear, or he’ll just start yelling again and we’ve already had complaints from next-door about the noise,” Mrs Hudson said, ushering him towards the door.  He was about the ask “what noise” but thought better of it.
Sherlock moved out the shadows into the small office.  Molly was hunched over her desk, filling out paperwork with the most lurid pink, fluffy pen he had ever seen in his life.
“We need your help.  But, once you know this information, you can’t un-know it and it could put you in danger.  You okay with those odds?” Lestrade asked.
Sherlock stood gaping for a minute. He was still struggling to comprehend the fact that John had kissed him, let alone the fact that he wanted more.
