- Mal
want to do it at your place?
P.S. As always, if you want updates when I post, please do
Castiel blinked sluggishly, his eyes flicking slowly back and forth from the mug to Dean, as if considering.
Slowly, Castiel’s eyes drifted down from Dean’s own to his lips.
God, what a sight. Dean rocked back on his heels, just taking in the view.
Take care, all of you.
Dean didn’t argue; he had absolute faith in Castiel having his back in any fight, even when they’d been at odds, Dean still would have put his life in Castiel’s hands. He hoped that Castiel had still felt the same...but, with a pang, he realized that maybe he hadn’t. Dean, after all, was the one who’d let him go.
Castiel smiled a little more uncertainly. Shining blue fractals of light danced across his face, spinning off this way and that in time to the beat as he kept his eyes on Dean, almost hopeful. His hand lingered at Dean’s chest for a moment before sliding away.
“Looks like it,” Dean said. While he waited for the liquor to arrive, he puffed out a long breath and turned his head to look fully at Sam. “So, you—you don’t think it’s weird?”
If he did that, somebody was sure to tell somebody who would tell somebody else, and somehow it’d probably end up with Dean laughing at him.
“Their writing and mathematics systems were so advanced for the time—did you know that the Maya were the only culture on the American continent to create the number zero?”
“Uh, yes,” Castiel agreed, slightly vaguely. “Hot nurses, I suppose.”
“They’re ready for you, Dean,” he signed, all business once more. “Room four.”
flashing neon signs for Brock Pleasure Ranch.
After scrubbing his hair roughly with a towel so it wouldn’t drip, Dean tossed the towel into the hamper and walked into the bedroom to grab some clean swim shorts. No point in drying his hair any further; whatever Castiel had planned would likely involve him getting wet, anyway.
“Fuck!” Dean gasped, feeling his cock throb and twitch, the pressure in his core starting to buzz outwards.
Castiel was standing in the same room as Dean “Hunter” Winchester. He was…he was talking to him. Damn it.
“He told you, finally.”
With an amused chuckle, Castiel picked up his bottle and did the same, a corny ‘cheers’ from miles apart. Castiel accompanied his swig of beer with a really awkward, uneven wink and Dean’s heart spun a circle in his chest.
Luckily the officer’s room—or what they were assuming was the stasis area for the officers—was blue-white on the map, without any concerning red shading. It felt like the first bit of good news Dean had come across since he woke up.
It’s like stepping back in time. The walls still bear all the warding that he and Bobby had so carefully sprayed on them. It was all useless, in the end, of course. They hadn’t even known what they were summoning was an angel; couldn’t have protected themselves from one even if they had known. It wasn’t until Castiel turned up that Dean’s whole world changed, the new view much bigger than he’d ever, ever expected.
Castiel moved back a few steps, his movements timed to the beat that Dean could feel. As Dean grinned at him encouragingly, he balanced the empty solo cup that he still held on a ledge that ran along the wall, squeezing it between many others, crushed and wilted and abandoned on their sides or stacked, sticky and dripping. Dean was glad he’d never joined a fraternity like this; cleaning up in the morning must be a bitch. With his hands freed, Castiel began to move to the beat, his arms raised, his body loose. Dean couldn’t help but start to move in turn, feeling the music and the heady vibe that Castiel’s proximity seemed to always create.
As soon as Castiel opened the door, though, holding it for Dean, a wave of warmth and the scent of espresso flooded out. Much better. Dean inhaled deeply and waved Castiel away to find them a table while he got them both drinks.
“If you say you don’t deserve this, then so help me, we will fight about it. You do. What you
“You know who you
If he wanted to still be a prickly asshole, that was cool. Dean was hardly Mary-fucking-Poppins himself.
“The world before. Before you were imprisoned. What was it like?”
Fifteen minutes later, coffee in hand and real,
For a moment Dean regarded Castiel with pursed lips, his eyes thoughtful. Then he picked up his beer bottle once more and used it to point at Castiel. “You know what—that makes sense. You’ve spent all this time focused on the farm, on working your ass off to make this inn so you can be successful. You haven’t given Kansas time to woo you!”
The smell of burning wood and paint and plastic made Dean dizzy and nauseated. Castiel had gone still in his arms, his coughing weaker, and Dean wished he’d thought to grab the sheet after all, or bring some wet towels with him to wrap the merman with—they had a pile of them waiting, but they were in the Impala with Sam.
“Sure will, buddy,” Dean said with a grin. “Go get that in the microwave to thaw out and I’ll get my laptop set up in the kitchen.”
the back of Castiel’s mind provided.
They watched a lot of Netflix, they binged Star Wars, they dug into Dean’s catalog of old westerns.
In Dean’s chest, his heart was beating a frenzied bossa nova against his ribcage.
He was probably used to saltwater.
Pausing for a second to lean his hip against the ragged rock wall and catch his breath, Dean took in the length of the short beach. It was seaweed-filled, the sand dark, the rocks a deep gray, but the sea itself looked beautifully blue, sand visible beneath the crests for a long way out. It was wild and pretty looking, not like a Caribbean sea or something from a travel website, but in a way that felt real and ancient and breathtaking.
It was a small and silly realization.
“Keep sucking,” Castiel said, “while you unbutton my shirt.”
For the briefest moment, Castiel looked at Dean uncertainly. It was only a second, but it was clear to Dean—a hesitance, a tiny fear that had to be quelled before linking their fingers together.
Slumping forward, Dean buried his face in the heels of his hands. “Maybe I am.”
Dean glowered, rolled up his window, and drove out of the bay.
Given everything they’d been through in their undoubtedly horrific time here, a hunter was a salvation—no matter how the fight would end—rather than a threat. But freedom was far more tempting.
“I know that, bitch,” Dean grumbled. “Forgive me for being the tiniest bit apprehensive about going to hang out with a whole bunch of strangers.”
A thrill ran up Castiel’s spine at the mere thought. He was going to be out there, really, actually
Once the odd statement was out, Castiel looked back up, his cheekbones highlighted with a blush as he carried on stumbling out words, talking fast and a little loud.
Castiel shifted and gave out a low cough as Dean wrung out his cloth, but his eyes remained closed. Tossing the first washcloth into the sink, Dean retrieved a clean one.
Castiel was waiting next to the Impala.
You can also follow me on my social media, over on
Castiel rolled onto his back, frowning up at Dean with his wrinkly brow and crinkly eye corners. Dean’s hand was temporarily pinned beneath the angel’s back, but Castiel didn’t seem to care. “I don’t think you understand what I’m saying,” he rumbled quietly, studying Dean’s face for a moment before his eyes dropped down to Dean’s chest, resting on his plain undershirt. “The things you’re doing—It’s a closer kind of bond than you would want with me, Dean. How a human feels with a partner, a lover, that’s how an angel feels with their molt companion near.”
“Why are you sad?” Dean asked, hoping the crack in his own voice could be put down to the silence they’d been sharing, not the emotions he was trying to ignore. “Is there something wrong with this place? You’re free, you can—you can swim wherever you want now, Cas. Find a home, family. I thought you’d be happy.”
“It’s okay,” Castiel whispered, just like he knew all of Dean’s thoughts.
Castiel’s arm was like stone beneath Dean’s hand, tight and solid, but the curl of Dean’s fingers over the sleeve of his trench coat did at least quieten him.
“How did you know?” he croaked instead. “That I really got sick?”
“Okay, okay,” he said. “I’m sorry. It’s better than what I’ve got, which is nothing. Wake the Officers. How? And what then?”
“Of course, he’s not,” Michael said calmly. “It’s the Mark. I assume that removing it from him is why you wanted to meet, but you must already know that there’s no way to—”
Then there was a splash—a
Dean was glad he’d held off on shaving the kid’s eyebrows. Sam was a great brother. The
Castiel pouted. “I don’t see why I have to miss out on that.”
“Dean!” Castiel’s cry became a crystal-clear note, then a soft, falling whimper that ended between Dean’s lips in a sloppy, trembling kiss. Dean could feel Castiel filling him, his huge cock stiffening and throbbing in a way that felt utterly strange and entirely awesome—Dean’s orgasm smacked into him so hard it knocked the breath from his lungs, his muscles tightening like he was on a cresting rollercoaster.
Dropping the quickly thawing, makeshift ice pack down onto the empty seat next to him, Dean balanced the clipboard on his knee.
“Completely,” Castiel replied firmly. “Dinner, wherever you’d like. I’m a little too new in town to be aware of the options.”
“Cas,” Dean gasped out, picking up the pace as slick pulling noises reached his ears from Castiel’s end of the voice call. “Tell me what you’re thinking about...who you’re thinking about.”
They looked at each other and laughed again, and Dean didn’t even know why; all he knew was that he had never, even in months of dreaming, wanted to kiss Castiel more than he did in that moment.
“Hey, Cas.” The night was cold, but Dean felt warmer already.
But there were scars, too. A lot of them. Especially across the front of Castiel’s tail, the scales were scratched and rough in places—the wounds looked like drag marks, Dean realized.
Dean thought before he answered. “It was a little distracting, but I had to check in with you a couple of times to work out what was going on when Adler would talk too fast, so it did what it was meant to.”
“Bellbird Valley might not be that bad,” Castiel allowed.
“Why, Cas?”
Coughing along with Castiel by then, Dean’s shoulders shook with the effort of holding up the huge, heavy tail. Staggering through the foyer, Dean was hyper-aware of the orange crackling of the office behind him, and the distant sound of a siren. He had to get out of here before the fire crew arrived—this place was far too cheap and grimy to have an alarm, he’d checked that on his way out the first time, but the folks over in the legal, shiny side of Brock Pleasure Ranch must have seen the flames by then and called 911.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes, yes, I’m gonna—
When Castiel didn’t immediately respond, Dean propped his hand on the counter palm down, smirking as he leaned to the side to grab a mug from somewhere below—there must be a shelving unit beneath the perfectly clean worktop.
for fic updates!
“I am not a mollusk, Dean.”
With a sigh, Castiel threw his pile of index cards down on top of the huge glass conference table and reached for a donut. They were his absolute favorite, honey-glazed lemon jelly from the artisan donut spot three blocks over. The one perk of living in San Francisco, other than it being pretty far from his loud, overbearing mee-maw and his wilting, obedient father, was that he could find almost any food he wanted at short notice.
Castiel flushed pink on the screen, but even so, he answered seriously, “Dean, I mean it. The project can wait if you just don’t feel up to it. We’re ahead of schedule anyway.”
“Possibly,” Dean said far too sweetly, “but you’re a waste of oxygen.”
Castiel bristled but didn’t bother answering.
“Ask him.”
The only difference that Dean could spot between the officers’ bar and the bar on J deck was that this one was, if anything, smaller.
The music was slow but heavy, leading Dean’s hips in low circles back against the guy’s pelvis. The brush of fabric that teased Dean’s bare forearm as he tangled fingers into his dance partner’s hair was silky, but the pants suggested leather as Dean’s other hand went back to grasp a tight, muscled thigh. Oh, yes…this would do nicely.
Hello, readers!
The music could still be heard in all of the other rooms of the club, but it was softer, somehow ethereal sounding as it drifted through the speakers in the ceilings. There were large communal rooms full of equipment that could be used by couples or groups, or for organized demonstrations. There were also private rooms, reserved by Doms for planned scenes or encounters with new playmates they met here at Impact. As long as it was safe, sane, and consensual, almost anything went, and the club even provided waivers and mini contracts to sign for pick-up play.
“Hear, hear!” To Castiel’s surprise, it was Rufus that called out, starting a round of applause that took a moment to die down.
, okay? The only thing I have is for Cas.”
Dean sighed, beginning to swim back. “Guess I should see who that is and what they want,” he grumbled.
Around Castiel’s cock, Dean smiled with his eyes. He knew Castiel loved to watch this; loved to see Dean’s lips stretched out, flushed pink around Castiel’s thick, hefty cock. If Dean was to go about comparing them both, it was possible that his cock was slightly longer—but Castiel was weighty, beautifully smooth and thick. Made for fucking, Dean always thought. He drove Dean wild.
“Fuck, buddy, Cas if you keep doing that I’m gonna blow again.”
“Hmm, still a defiant subject aren’t you. I’m sure tomorrow, with the chance to start on some clever device for Cas’s development, maybe I’ll start to see some cracks.”
Jack was there, frowning, his hand placed on the wall beside the opening. Of course he was the power source enabling Dean’s rescue. He turned a little red, and looked away, and tried to ignore Dean’s nakedness.
His wings wrapped around him, and he clung to them. He scratched his nails over the feathers, enjoying and loathing the sensation in equal measure. He tore at them and a few stray feathers came loose in his hands. It hurt. He hoped vindictively that it somehow hurt Dean too.
Don’t I seem pretty fucking desperate to you?
“Needed to prove it to the guys. If it makes you feel better, I’m sorry.”
“Didn’t stop you from banging the brains out of my little brother though, did it?”
One night Cas slipped into bed beside him and Dean curled towards his warmth.
Cas tugged at his zip-tied hands, felt the surge of pain soothe his frazzled nerves. He could do pain, he knew how to get lost in that. “Maybe that’s what I want. Maybe this is all I’ve ever wanted.”
like it.” Cas countered, deflecting the sting of Dean’s words by reminding him he wasn’t the only broken excuse for a man here.
“Yeah, because that’s his M.O.” the hallucination of Sam said, walking behind Dean, circling the bed to perch on the other side.
When Cas didn’t immediately start moving, Dean did it for him. Slowly rubbed the wooden cue back and forth, pressing up just a little too hard, giving Cas something painful to rut up against.
Dean rolled his eyes and slumped on top of Cas, laying his head on Cas’ chest.
Cas was more gentle than ever, easing the metal into Dean in a way that made his cock twitch eagerly. Dean had a rush of shame, a new pumping of the blood, and covered his groin with his hands. Cas gave him his moment of modesty… and the chain, with nothing else to attach to, wrapped itself around Dean’s neck to keep him on his feet.
“Until you let it all hang out in public.” Dean stepped back and thrust the pool cue up between his legs, until it nudged threateningly against his half-hard cock. “This isn’t exactly keeping it secret. Does Sam know about this little
Cas was just about distraught once the bastard left, and tears pricked Dean’s eyes at the thought that someone cared how much Chuck had fucked up his skin. It had been too long here just licking his own wounds, waiting for the room to heal them.
Dean was well aware, and he swallowed the last small dregs of his pride. He hadn’t known he had any left, but apparently he was wrong.
Gentle hands lifted his face, a hand under his chin and he balked—that was, no Chuck did that, he couldn’t— “Hello Dean.”
The day went faster, easier, the hook didn’t press on his prostate so much with Cas there to steady him when he tired, to stop the shifting and rocking. He was still half hard and feeling desperate, but he had someone to talk to, a distraction to occupy his mind.
Cas still insisted on getting him down, but it didn’t stop the humiliation. The hook had pressed on his prostate for hours, shifting with every movement, and Cas
Dean slumped, on his hands and knees, his head dropped beside Cas’ and he caught his breath in increments. Cas could feel him. Sense him. Hear him. Knew him.
Dean moaned, rolled his head to the side to look Cas in the eye. “No, gotta let it happen on it’s own.”
of it is driving me wild.” He kissed the bolt of Cas’ jaw, bit into the skin of his neck and Cas bucked his hips, finding empty air.
“I… I have to—can you help me come? I need to. Please.” Dean had got good at the begging thing, had lost the shame about it after a while, it was only words. No use being embarrassed when your body needed what it needed. “It won’t let me down until I do, that’s just how it works. But… I’m a little tied up at the moment.”
Cas threw a pillow after him and looked to Sam; kind, waiting, patient Sam who Dean had done all this to try and save. “I miss you.”
At the same time, echoing and tinny, the mirage of Sam crouched beside the bed and smiled sadly. “You know I always come first in his mind.”
—Cas. Cas groaned low in his throat.
side of too hard.
“I’m not.”
Cas put his knuckles under Dean’s chin. They weren’t grabbing or pulling, just insistently pressing for Dean to look at him. Which he did, because Cas was all he had in the world and he couldn’t deny himself the comfort.
Dean shrugged. “I needed to know it would work.”
“You’re not alone” Cas murmured.
“You’ve had your fun Chuck, what more pleasure can you possibly take from torturing him?”
“He’s going to get me back.”
“Ah ah ah, no you don’t, let’s leave you right there while Dean pays penance for the day.”
And you know, you know you’re in the wrong or else you wouldn’t have had to get so drunk to do it. You wouldn’t have had to obliterate yourself to make it happen.” Cas turned onto his side, so he could look Dean in the eye. “I know a thing or two about substance abuse Dean and I know a cop-out when I see one.”
“Some,” Cas replied. “But he has given no indication of why you’re keeping him here like this.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well if it does, it’ll be over soon enough.”
“Get off me,” Cas growled. He stared blankly at Sam’s face, knowing he was seeing things, but glad that there was something other than Dean to see after all.
“Shit, his
“Ah, ah, stay right there.” Dean’s grip tightened and his eyes fluttered open in alarm at the control Dean had taken of his breath. “You’ve got some explaining to do. Well…” Dean surveyed him, and he watched Dean’s eyes rove over his body. “Maybe not
Dean moved him, little by little, an arm under his waist to hoist him up, nudged his knees aside, pinned his arms in a way that felt less suffocating than being laid on them but was just as impossible to deal with. This entire situation was improbable, ridiculous. He should throw Dean off and be done. He should have had the power to stop this but he
The familiar vinyl seats squeaked beneath him and the tape in the player whirring to life tickled at his sense memories.
“Stay? Please stay, please, be real. Just be real and bond with me too so it’s not just him.”
“Dean,” he said, lost for any other words. This wasn’t right, he wasn’t here to do this. Dean had struck past all of his defences, and Cas had
“You could have had us both, all this time. We would have given you it, whatever you wanted.”
He swayed and watched the light of another day reach the midday point, and ebb away into an afternoon glow. He was starting to forget what things other than white walls, and white floors, and red blood, and Chuck’s stupid face looked like. He was starting to wonder if anything else ever existed at all.
“Dean?”
Dean, for his part, immediately wished he’d already ripped his skin asunder with his teeth. Not that it would’ve stopped Chuck if he really wanted to play, but this was not going to be pretty.
“No,” Cas replied, shifting in one fluid motion—and Dean remembered in a flash that his friend was a super-strength immortal—until Dean was flat on his back, his thighs cradling Cas tenderly, like lovers. “If we do this, we do it right.”
“Then stay!” Cas yelled.
There was pushing and pulling and fingers in his ass, Dean’s hands in his hair. Lube transferred from place to place and Dean’s precome smeared across his belly until Cas felt sticky all over and humiliated. Sweaty and a mess and furious. Despite his protests and his lack of interest Dean was insatiable. He left kisses and whispered dirty things over every inch of Cas’ body.
“Don’ be
“Cat got your tongue there? Cuz I know it ain't
Dean shifted, clenched around Cas’s length. Swallowed hard and was glad his dick was already spent for the day, so he wasn’t rock hard for this conversation.
“Begging for it,” Dean crooned.
, but I can ignore wants, can’t ignore needs. I
“How can we do it?” Sam asked, his voice high and strained. Worry probably clouding his judgement--worry over Dean, which both embarrassed and soothed him.
Dean’s hand that kept creeping across the space to squeeze his crotch painfully, and run his fingertips over the drying mess that his semen had made of his clothes—that was wrong. Wrong in a way that Cas
Dean parted his legs and slipped between them. His cock bluntly nudged Cas’ hole before he urged it back inside. Dean’s hand gripped the joints of his wings, the bony structure where they protruded from his back, and he thrust forward in increments to settle back inside Cas. The hollow delicate bones felt poised to crack and caused Cas to arch his back to accommodate, but Dean let go as he seated himself back inside and Cas flopped back to the mattress, out of breath and panting.
He blinked in surprise and stumbled as the Bunker appeared on the other side of the black. His feet hit cold tile, warm air ghosted over every inch of exposed skin.
“Cas?” Sam’s voice was urgent.
Cas wanted to, desperately. He’d always wanted to. Even now, with Dean like this, it wasn’t enough to stem the tide of his desire. His cock was achingly hard, caught up in the material of his slacks and underwear, and even the chafing rub of the fabric wasn’t enough to kill the mood. Dean surged against his crotch and rubbed his hip along the hard line of Cas’s cock in just the right way and Cas’s knees almost buckled.
Dean slowed down his thrusts, gave Cas room to answer. “I feel things, deeply. Always—always have. My vessel didn’t… doesn’t know the difference.”
“Oh, and he
and started grinding against—
“I love you, I could love you, we could’ve been so good together.” Dean stroked his back, down his sides, and let hands bracket his hips as he thrust lazily into Cas a few more times. “You know, I bet Sammy saw Lucifer’s wings. Doesn’t seem right that he gets that and I don’t.”
Cas’s eyes rolled back, his head hit the wall and he groaned. “Like fireworks. So, it’s... I’m so hot.”
“For someone who says he doesn’t care, you have a lot of questions.”
“At… two thirty in the morning, being
“Gonna fuck your brains out, I thought that was obvious.”
He bracketed Cas with his body, shoved a knee between Cas’s legs and placed a hand bruisingly tight around Cas’s throat. Pinned, caught, and with everything throbbing, Cas rutted against Dean as the pleasure rose within him like a tidal wave. He twisted his hands behind his back, felt the sweet agonising pinch of his skin beneath the plastic ties, and leaned into the ache that Dean’s hand squeezed around his neck.
it. Got a little fetish there, Angel? You always did feel things more acutely than those other winged fuckers, does that extend to the bedroom, too?”
“See how beautifully the righteous man bleeds, Castiel? Not so full of himself now is he?”
“You… you’re responding too,” he gasped.
“Not likely,” Dean gasped. “Just be more of the same, pathetic mind games.”
Just like the last time, just like every time before, and every time that was still to come.
“Sooner or later, Dean, you’ll realise that every reaction you give helps me learn more about how to reset you. This is a game I can’t lose.”
“We’re already fucked up, you and me. What’s a little more between friends?” Dean frowned at him. “Try and rest Cas, you’re tired.”
Cas was filled with a sense of unease, suddenly. Dean was morose often enough but there was something else there too. He got in these moods sometimes where he would want to touch and be close, usually after too much to drink. Cas used to let him, they used to lose themselves in each other to numb the pain of living. But they hadn’t done that in a long time.
“Yeah well, obviously I like it. And you.” Dean cupped his groin and thrust forward with a throaty chuckle.
“Painful?” Dean asked and tapped Cas’s balls just on the
Cas froze, and that was all Dean needed to continue his explorations of Cas’ body. Hands everywhere, wet tongue,
Jack distracted him with games and books. Rowena was apparently drinking all his scotch so that ‘
Dean picked up the phone again, hung up the call, and turned the screen toward Cas. Sam’s hard, leaking cock filled the screen. His hand just in frame, holding himself steady for the camera.
Dean shrugged, zipping up. “Saving the world isn’t something I’m going to apologise for.”
“I want to help, Dean.”
“It woulda happened anyway, and I didn’t want to fight you.”
“Come on, it’ll be just like old times,” Dean murmured, bracketing Cas with his body and starting to roll his body in undulations, pressing them together and then slinking away over and over.
“What are you trying to say to me, at this ridiculous hour, while you’re drunk? Whatever it is, I feel you’ll regret it in the morning. I’m regretting it right now.” He yanked his hand free and thumped the beer bottle onto the upturned crate that served as a bedside table and turned back to glare at his friend.
“I’ll make it good, promise.”
“And are we… going home?”
“My relationship with Sam bears no relevance to how I feel about you.”
Sam picked up on the second ring. “Cas?”
“Yeah, except for leaving me alone when I don’t want to be found. Pretty much the only thing I’ve asked of you lately.” He picked up a pool cue, swung it around until the air parted before it with a swoosh. “Think if I bruise you up enough Sammy might think twice before sending you after me again?”
Cas was asleep when Dean arrived in his cabin. Asleep and lost in dreams; he did that, now that he was running on fumes and barely an angel at all. The door opening woke him, and he groggily fought for proper consciousness as he heard Dean stumble, curse, giggle and then grope towards the bed.
I hope you liked this chapter too, I had a lot of fun with it! I'm open to potentially writing a third instalment, if there's anything you would want to see do let me know...
“What do these books say?” he asked, and was surprised to find his voice thick, half-choked. “What do they have to do with us?”
Rescue operation was clearly dead in the ditch, lost in the hazy white walls.
to do this with Dean tonight, not when they’d been at odds with each other for so long, and he didn’t know what had changed.
“Sacrifice. We all make ‘em.”
Maybe it did. Maybe that’s why Dean was here, to get his rocks off through pain and degradation and then forget all about it by morning.
Dean stuttered to a halt, and Cas sobbed at the moment of reprieve. There was pressure, like the swell of a tide meeting the resistance of the shore. When the wave broke, so did he.
He swallowed, pleasure rushing through him as he felt the tight press against his adam’s apple. “Sam, I'm fine, it's okay,” his voice was rough, but he knew Sam would hear the post-orgasm haze within it. Sam knew this. And now Dean did too… it was all he’d ever hoped for.
It was a blur after that, while he collapsed to the floor and let the others work. The distant sound of an almighty boom mixed with Chuck yelling in rage just as Jack let go and the black hole closed made him laugh, then cry--both hysterically--and then Cas put two fingers to his forehead and sent him to sleep.
Cas sobbed, reaching out again, but Sam’s fingers dissipated before he could touch them. He tugged at his hair, wondering what he had to hand that might increase his buzz and let him keep the loneliness at bay a little longer. He didn’t know what Dean had slipped him, didn’t know what could imitate the effects.
“He’s right Sam, we must destroy this room,” Cas echoed from behind him.
“Calm your tits, Sam. He’s just a little out of breath that’s all. But there’s this funny thing he said when I was balls deep…”
“Has our resident Winchester told you about how all this works?” Chuck gestured at the room, a smile spreading between his bearded cheeks.
“Believe it,” Sam huffed down the phone. “So what now?”
Cas. Angel wings, your wings. Won’t you lemme see them?”
All his fight drained away at Dean’s voice. He couldn’t,
“Don’t force this on me
“I know,” he gasped. “You have’ta let me. Please. Somethin’ in me. Only way.”
His wings fluttered in the corners of his vision and he closed his eyes so as not to see. He should never be able to
within him, the first sensation of something warm peeling away from deep inside him, Castiel’s eyes widened.
“Yeah, but I haven’t met the rest of them.”
Without breaking eye contact, Dean leaned in and pressed his lips to the front of Castiel’s navy slacks, nosing and kissing at his hard cock through the fabric. Castiel’s other hand flew to Dean’s shoulder, gripping tight, but he only held on for a moment before both hands abandoned Dean entirely to go to his own belt, flicking the leather through the metal loop with swift, practiced movements until it hung open, only the button and zipper of his stuffy suit pants between Dean and what was underneath.
Hauling himself upright, Castiel pulled the tray onto his lap with a whimper of relief. Whoever brought it in had thought to include a box of tissues on the edge, and to his curiosity, a small unlabeled jar of honey with a folded piece of paper under it.
“I just scraped all that shit off, god damn it—here!” Dean shoved a towel firmly in the slippery guy’s direction.
Castiel hadn’t brought his satchel in from the car—he’d seen Dean stare at his pride pin the first time they’d met, and he had been pretty flirty after. It was flattering, of course, but Castiel didn’t want to encourage him. It wasn’t fair.
watching Castiel’s foot jerk along with it against the stool the whole time, and then took a little bow to his non-existent audience.
Dean had grabbed the broom from the corner and was clearing the remains of the sooty bird’s nest from the floor. “I was just gonna let you know that I was heading down from the roof, it’s almost midday and it’s getting a little hot for my tastes up there. Figured I’d see if you wanted to grab some lunch together, and then maybe we could go over some of the plans you had for the inn.”
Castiel was nothing if not stubborn, though.
Dean rolls his eyes and hangs up.
“I’d thought that maybe we could bring up the idea of moving in together, again,” Castiel half-whispered, nervous. “I could save a lot. We both could, if…”
Every sensation around Dean seemed heightened as Castiel stole his breaths—the solid weight of him above, one leg sliding sensually between Dean’s thighs as their hands groped and caressed at each other’s skin, the sounds of their lips gliding wetly across each other’s necks and shoulders, the warmth of the friction that began to build up between them.
Now that he was home in England, he found himself rolling around on the mattress in the weak minutes before sunrise, cursing that his circadian rhythms hated him so. He wasn’t a morning person, no matter what the clock said, though the perfectly warmed pot of coffee that Mrs. Harvelle had waiting for him always helped. Mrs. Harvelle had been the Winchester’s housekeeper for nearly forty years, and Dean was relieved that she’d stayed on after his father had passed—a familiar face, even that of a servant, was grounding and comforting in his new role here.
“Thank you,” he signed.
The flare of the large monofin at the end of the tail held Dean’s attention the longest—the color was similar, but it had a translucent quality that was fascinating. If Dean looked hard, he could see the grime of the bathtub beyond it.
Sam’s mouth snapped shut and he and Adam exchanged an uncomfortable look.
“Yeah, so we locked up Chuck. Sorry about that, it was kind of an emergency situation, you know how it goes.” Dean gave a little apologetic grin that he didn’t feel in the slightest.
Biting back a smile, Dean raised a hand to stop him. “Okay, I think I get it. And it’s fine. I don’t care if you’re a few minutes late. You’re not even getting paid to teach me.”
Hello hello, readers!
The absolute highlight of the evening, concussion or not, had been the series of photographs that had Jo texted to him. They were of Bobby, red-faced and open-mouthed, railing into Cole—and Cole slinking out of the building with the contents of his locker afterwards.
“Flogging…yes.”
That was how they’d wound up climbing the fence of a U-Haul franchise outside Topeka in the middle of the night. Sam scowled the whole time, but Dean only felt a little guilty. He’d even left a mystery few hundred dollars to cover the insurance copayment he figured that the franchise owner would have to pay. And how else was he gonna get Castiel across the country?
“I’m a hunter,” Dean began.
_____
he thought,
“What?” Dean said, suddenly self-conscious under the angel’s gaze.
“Yeah, actually,” Dean began. Castiel cocked his head in interest, clearly also wondering what Dean was going to ask. “Can you access the personnel files of the crew? Psychological testing, personality profiles, that kinda thing?”
Dean realized he sounded a bit desperate, but he was far too worried to give a shit.
“Sure,” Dean said, his tone entirely flat. “I’ll get right on that. Maybe some duct tape will fix it. You can fix anything with that shit.”
“Why wouldn’t I be?” Dean said, frowning softly. “You’re new here, and you don’t really know anybody, seems like.”
“You did very well for me,” Castiel rasped, his voice rough with need. The hand not occupied holding Dean up by his harness came to Dean’s cheek, caressing it gently before he ran the pad of his thumb over Dean’s bottom lip. “Would you like a reward, boy?”
As far as communication went...Dean was a work in progress.
The van had two uncomfortable, unpadded front seats with a gap between them, and a large, empty space behind them. Theoretically, it should have been a big enough area for moving boxes or transporting stuff to colleges, apartments, and new houses across the state. Instead, Sam had helped Dean rip everything out of the back and they’d welded a high-sided rectangle of basic steel to the floor. Lined with an oversized pool liner from Walmart and carefully filled, it worked just fine for Castiel, as long as Dean was careful on the brakes.
“I’m in a hospital. Best place I can be, and I promised I’d stay. You’ve got stuff to do, Bobby. I know you do.”
With a grimace, Castiel tilted his head back against the wall, and Dean had to let go of his arms to grab his chin and pull it back down.
He packed up fresh clothes, grabbed a few more tools for the work he planned on doing to the cabin’s dilapidated kitchen, and spent a good half-hour enjoying the bunker’s superior water pressure. Then, after a solid night’s sleep on his glorious memory foam, he headed straight back out.
For a split second he thought he saw the
He sang a lot these days, for no reason other than to share it with Castiel. Or occasionally just to annoy him with an earworm, of course.
WOW. What a week we've had since I last posted! Talk about ups and downs, huh. I hope you're all feeling okay, or as best as you can. I mentioned that I had to chop last week's fluff chapter into two, so today I'm bringing you the second half - a dose of pure fluff, which this week, seems like a good, soothing idea.
Let me know what you think, guys!
“Cool,” Dean said, not capable of much else.
Dean gave Castiel a tiny grin. “Well, Kansas can be pretty special, not everyone knows that.”
Castiel’s responding kiss was deeper and hotter than their kisses in the rain, and it answered perfectly.
Around them, the valley mingled. The spring sunshine brought promises of a hot summer to come, and music drifted cheerfully out from the speakers at the end of the porch.
By the time Adler dismissed them, Dean was feeling fairly...dare he say it...positive.
“Poor Sam, here,” Chuck answered on a breathy laugh as he straightened once more, “lost hope.”
“No! No, of course not,” the alarmed sheriff interrupted frantically. “Not at all. If she’s one of yours, then of course we’ll give her whatever she needs.”
Dean looked up; waved. Castiel raised one of the beer bottles, and Dean’s face split into a grin. Abandoning his wheelbarrow of grass chunks and dirt, he made his way toward the inn.
“Good to know,” Dean near-whispered in return, their eyes locked.
Stretching himself long on the rickety, old, brass-framed bed, Castiel gave out a sleepy hum. Even though it had been a couple of weeks since he’d lost his job and kicked his douchey ex to the curb, Castiel was still very much enjoying not having anyone, or anything, to get up for in the mornings. He could rise when he wanted and deal with the day as it came.
Castiel groaned in appreciation—then sudden and sharp, with no warning at all, he bent over at the waist and reached out, stretching his arm up Dean’s back.
Castiel laughed. “Yes, I get that impression of her.”
Dean swallowed down his nerves. “Pretty simple, like I said. Stay here in front of me, right where you are—” Dean shuffled back a few inches, so that there was space for him to hold the amulet between them, “—and put one hand on the amulet, and then one on me.”
Castiel looked down at his slacks and suit. He was used to dressing like this whenever he left the house; it was
“We did it,” Castiel corrected, taking the two glasses of champagne that Claire pressed on them as she glided past with a tray.
“True.” Dean grinned broadly. “Does that mean you need a head injury next, so I can learn all about you?”
- Mal <3
aware of everyone looking at him. The two women exchanged a look and tiny smiles curved their lips. Blonde began to clean up the broken plate.
“You will?”
“My father does not allow dissent,” Gabriel intoned solemnly. “I’m sorry for what Castiel went through. But any of us that had tried to respond would have been pushed out, too, would have been shunned. We wouldn’t have been accepted as part of the family anymore.”
“I am not a talking alarm clock,” MEG complained sourly.
“What do you mean?” Dean froze, mid-stride back toward the stasis eggs.
Castiel ignored Dean, speaking right over him. “Hello, Bobbi. It’s nice to meet you. How old are you?”
“I’ve watched plenty of students take finals since I came to work at K State, you know,” Castiel pointed out. “Several every year. While the odds for attempting college the way you did before weren’t in your favor, with equal access, statistics say you have just as much of a chance to pass as everyone else. A level playing field. That’s the point.”
Castiel had never actually driven a golf cart before. He didn’t really see the point of golf, so he’d never played, but how hard could driving a little buggy type thing be?
Rewarded by a soft, breathy rumble from above, Dean pulled back enough to let them
“Dean!” Sam hissed, low.
before he added, “No point in watering down my misery.”
After placing the candles in a circle and lighting them all in the correct direction, (clockwise, not ‘deosil’ or whatever the fuck it was Sam kept calling it,) Dean pulled out the huge bag of salt that Sam had dug out of one of the bunker’s storage rooms.
“Yeah, I think he’s sexy,” Dean snapped. “Got a problem with that?”
“I’m mostly done for the semester, other than your last few classes,” Castiel confirmed. “So, I’m not too busy, compared to usual.”
“Well, good luck to the women of Bellbird Valley, then,” Castiel noted dryly.
“Oh?” Dean asked, shuffling his weight on the couch so that he turned to face Castiel a little. “I was just wondering, that’s all. I gotta admit I was...kinda looking forward to it, honestly.”
Nodding, Castiel began to carefully roll his blueprint back up. “Alright. When do you want to go?”
Chuckling, Dean pulled the shirt back on—the inside of the fabric still heated from Castiel’s skin—before he leaned back against the wall outside the Drive-In, settling his feet apart and reaching for Castiel’s waist to tug him forward.
Dean stretched his neck, turning his head to the side so that he could kiss Castiel’s cheek and press his grin into warm skin. “That so?”
Managing to shake the guy’s hand without making a fool out of himself, Dean cleared his throat. “Hey. I’m Dean.”
Castiel reappeared, triumphantly wielding a frozen package of beef. “Will this work?”
“You’re going to have to throw me a bone here, Dean, because if it was what I thought, then…well, I figured you’d be happy. And you don’t seem happy.”
“On the floor finding gems,” Charlie said, reaching out to tap the cover of the novel in Dean’s hand. She said something else, but her face tilted as she looked down at the book and Dean missed it entirely.
“Crowley?” Castiel questioned, settling himself back on the couch and rubbing the heel of his hand across his eyes. What had he done to earn all this? He was in hell. And not the calmer outer circles, either—surely, he’d personally betrayed heaven somehow, to deserve this level of hell. His mee-maw had been right about him after all.
It ain't easy bein' this cheesy, folks. But then, don't they deserve it, after everything? A happy, fluffy ending was what they needed, in my opinion.
Head jerking up from his laptop in surprise, it took a moment for Castiel’s eyes to settle on Dean, but then he smiled and waved, waiting for Dean to come closer before he responded.
Amara’s lip curled back from her teeth as she calmly looked Castiel up and down. “Angels, just like humans, overestimate their own importance.”
Castiel grunted against Dean’s lips as his hips twitched helplessly, his eyes losing focus as he spilled thick, stuttering spurts between them, the warmth dribbling down across Dean’s fingers.
It was a simple letter, but one that Dean hoped would ensure Castiel’s presence that afternoon. He’d sealed it and entrusted it to one of Mrs. Harvelle’s staff, with the promise of a good word if they could get it to Castiel before he departed for his daily work after breakfast.
Castiel’s blue gaze came to rest on Dean’s face, his eyes wrinkling gently in enquiry.
The guy that appeared in the doorway was wearing a wrinkled navy suit and sensible shoes, but Dean barely registered his dull, quiet wardrobe over the loudness of his strikingly blue eyes. Blue was a common color, so there was no reason why this man should look exotic and remarkable, but he did. He was tan and muscular and incredibly handsome, but it was those eyes that had Dean in a mental spiral. They punched Dean in the throat and he panicked for a moment—thinking that perhaps he’d actually let out one of the strangled noises that his brain was making—but the man smiled calmly at him, extending a hand as if Dean’s reaction was entirely normal.
“Okay,” Dean agreed, backing toward the stairs as Castiel surged forward.
You can also follow me on my social media, over on
, if you wish.  I also have a bunch of fic coming up I thought I'd let you know about--all very varied, but all with happy endings, as always.
“Depends what for,” Dean called back coyly over his shoulder. The Dom was directly behind him, but even so Dean flicked his eyes back and tried to get some measure of the man. In the dim, smoky light of the dance floor, all he got was a shock of dark hair. Looks weren’t really the point here, but dark hair was
Castiel swayed his way happily back to the stove, giving the bacon one last turn.
“That wasn’t quite what I had in mind when I offered you ‘coffee, tea, or me’,” Dean said with a grin. “No complaints though, that was better.”
Without comment, Stiles reached over to Cas and pulled his vape out of his back pocket, taking a couple hits before breathing out deeply.
, which left Stiles to completely run their socials and local marketing. Him and Jess had calls at least every other week to review the impacts on their online presence and after gigs, tracking venues which would have a high likelihood of having them come back, if they didn’t ask for them first. On the off chance he wasn’t driving, Gabriel behind the wheel, or on a rare day off, Stiles spent the time drafting different marketing proposals, demonstrating what kind of packages they could do with venues to assist in their promotion of the gigs for an additional fee on top of their regular contract, with evidence of what the expected turnaround in revenue could be expected to be.
“At least get dressed first,” Chris muttered, staying close to where Stiles had shut the door.
The others may have wolfy business, but he was going to blow the roof off of this joint. With a sharp grin, he pocketed his phone and banged out a couple beats before Castiel and Gabriel joined in. Dean jumped onto the stage, nearly shoving the head of the mic into his mouth as he yelling deeply. The small crowd of people yelled in response, getting closer to the platform to watch what they would do next.
It’s not like Stiles didn’t want his friends seeing him play. Erica followed the band’s Instagram, sharing photos and clips to her story’s, liking the supercuts of Stiles’ banging away on his drum set almost as much as she liked the photos of the band slutting it up on stage. Scott liked the ones he shared on his personal page. But, even with their gigs and shows available for literally anyone to see, they never tried to go to any of the gigs. This was the first time he had a show within less than two-hours of Beacon Hills, but it’s not like he was purposefully hiding the shows.
“Correct,” Castiel added, giving Dean a squeeze across his shoulders as he stood to join them. “We will be back for three more shows next week, and the week thereafter.”
In retrospect, he really hadn’t been gone long, so Stiles shouldn’t have been surprised to see that the house had barely changed. From what he could gather, it was only Derek living there, although Erica had mentioned Isaac was thinking about moving out of the loft and into one of the room’s that had pretty much become his own. She had grinned at the thought, looking up at Stiles with a new wave of excitement clear in her expression. Stiles made a joke about hiring wedding bands, to which she playfully shoved him nearly off of the couch, laughing as he struggled to get back up without smudging the still-wet nail polish.
They had taken a cab out of the city and to the diner near where Dean and Cas were staying. The next morning, Dean and Cas were checking out and hitting the road again, but for the time being, Sam, Jess and Stiles were going to crash with them before driving back to campus. Gabriel parted ways with them back in the city, saying he already had his own digs for the night. Dean whistled while Cas rolled his eyes, waving his brother goodbye before they had piled into their ride, Dean shifting so Cas sat on his lap, leaving Stiles trying not to crush Jess from where she was pressed against the window. Sam sat up front, bless his long limbs, and distracted the driver before he could say much more about the seating arrangements.
“Do you fuck all of your friends?” Derek asked harshly.
He sat back in a chair next to the table, folding his arms over his stomach, phone faced down. He grinned, loose and wide, as he watched his friends across the open yard through half-lidded eyes. He yawned, leaning back and staring up at the barely-visible stars in the sky. It wasn’t long before he passed out.
stays in Vegas, like being arrested for propositioning an officer.
Benny played several instruments, having jumped in as drummer before Stiles joined the group, primarily using different string instruments nowadays. Stiles didn’t think a banjo could be used to play hard, thrashing music, but then again, Benny could make almost any instrument do what he wanted the second his fingers touched it. He wondered if it was a vampire thing, or something uniquely
“I do take breaks! Besides, I never thought you’d be mad I got my work ethic from you.” Stiles added.
Stiles huffed:
“Don’t give me that look,” John added as they got out of the car. “They’re your favorite fries in the whole damn county.”
When Derek didn’t push further, Stiles leaned back against the arm of the couch, watching him cautiously, “That’s it? No yelling? Shouting? Arguing?” He leaned closer, eyes narrowed, “Who are you and what have you done with my Derek?”
“No, I took out the feral omega who caught the scent of the Alpha on me and decided the best way to get in on the hierarchy was by attacking
since he first met Derek, and he was tired of playing stupid about it. Enough near-death encounters and he finally decided he was done playing the willfully ignorant damsel.
The only other person awake was Derek.
Assholes – all of them.
Erica pulled the tub of ice cream back from where she had put it on the shelf behind the bed. “C’mon, we got more where this came from.”
Well. Maybe Derek wasn’t sleeping around with random guys, then.
His dad’s message stuck out from the list:
“After he kissed you.” Erica rolled her eyes.
Dean and Castiel didn’t push the subject further—for all the tightlipped conversations they’d been met with over the years, nothing ever escalated despite the threats laid out for them. Dean pulled Stiles into a tight hug before pulling his bag out to tug on some clothes. Castiel retrieved a new cartridge for the vape pen he’d been sharing with Stiles, replacing it before handing it back over. Crowley leaned back on the bed, head against the wall above the pillows. He looked over at Stiles with a smirk, “What ever will we do now?”
Stiles was distantly aware of Isaac snapping photos of the whole incident before Crowley strum the starting chord for the next song. Stiles bounced off of him, making brief eye contact before Crowley turned his attention to the crowd with his own sharp grin. Castiel had laughed, and when he put a hand out for Dean to grab, Dean pulled him down with him.
“I don’t think they all collectively decided to fall asleep at the same time, Stiles.” Derek retorted.
on him, to be seen by his half-million followers, while Stiles remained in his spot.
,” Dean’s voice yelled out as their final song came to a close, howling into the microphone in lieu of any of his usual closing phrases. Stiles laughed loudly, hollering his own howl in response as the crowd mirrored his example.
“Give ‘em hell,” Cas remarked, hopping off the table and back into the throng of people surrounding Dean. As soon as Dean spotted him, he pulled Cas back over, kissing him soundly before diving back into the story he had been in the middle of telling.
, and so was Stiles. Stiles joked that they might have to retire the
He grinned back at her, “Didn’t know anything else was an option at a signature Lydia party.”
“Don’t worry, they’re in the know,” Stiles waved a hand in the air. “Dean takes out ghosts, I ran with wolves. Cas has enough good luck it might as well be from a higher power, and I swear Crowley’s skills have to be from a crossroads deal.”
“Here,” Castiel pulled out his vape from his pocket. Stiles knew neither of them smoked cigarettes, instead rolling joints and packing the pen with weed cartridges, keeping enough on hand that they never seemed to run out during the longer legs of tour. “Take a couple hits, tell us how you feel.”
“I’m not the one who stayed away, kid. You could’ve been eating one of these every summer, every holiday—”
“Hell no, Gabriel’s like another brother.” Stiles snapped back. “He’s the one who taught me how to make all those cookies you guys eat up every Christmas.”
He grumbled about Derek having better morals than him when he would flop down to sit next to him, glaring when Derek smirked in response but didn’t back down. He knew Derek was turned on,
“Not you, that’s for damn sure.” Sam’s voice grumbled from the other side of his blanket cocoon.
“The offer isn’t going away.” Cas remarked, “Anything changes, you tell us.”
“Kind of,” Sam shrugged, “I told him you were in the know and liked to run naked under the moonlight. He said
Chris nodded, considering the information. “Be careful, and try to remember that this land has been peaceful territory for the last three years. If something was to change that, for as naïve a reason as it may have been—”
“And that couldn’t wait until tomorrow?” Stiles grumbled, crossing his arms over his chest. Lydia reached over and knocked his hands away, chastising him about uneven coloring. He rolled his eyes from under the hat.
“What do you mean we’re playing upstairs?” Dean questioned, looking at the printed flyer in his hand. Cas looked at it over his shoulder from where they sat together in Sam and Stiles’ living room.
He was leaving. He wasn’t sticking around, and Derek didn’t want to just fuck and split.
“Not my fault.” John shrugged, letting go of Stiles so he could climb into the police cruiser. He took one last look at his jeep, sighing, before turning back to his dad. He could survive an hour with his dad, one of the most popular and identifiable members of the Beacon Hills community, no combustion side effects. Totally.
Dean and Cas joined them shortly after, one of the venue managers trailing behind them with a frown. Apparently making out next to the front door was not good advertising for the show, despite what Dean thought.
. You cannot look at me and think this is weird.”
(Stiles knew Dean sometimes carried on the Winchester legacy, too, letting those leads guide him to the mechanic jobs more than the mechanic work led him to the
Stiles barely batted an eyelash at the lingering looks he got from the crowd as he packed up. For as much as fun as he liked to have after shows, and as much fun as he knew some of the guys in the crowd could probably be, he just wanted to sleep. After spending the night up with Crowley, barely catching a couple hours before they were back on the road, plus the emotional whiplash being back in Beacon Hills was putting him through, he knew he was going to hit the pillow hard.
“Traitors! Conspirators!” Stiles shouted as he walked out of the room.
“You know, for as close as you say pack is, you haven’t left campus once.” Sam questioned. He and Stiles sat along a bar of stools facing a glass window in a local coffee shop, sipping at their warm drinks. Finals were starting soon and then it was winter break. Sam had already let the housing board know he wasn’t leaving over break, and had confirmed continued use of the dorm room. Stiles wondered if he could get away with staying back, too.
Erica continued to look on with a shrug, “Nothing, you’ve just really grown up while you were gone, Ivy.” She grinned at the name.
“I warned him, dad, you can’t shoot the messenger.” Stiles held his hands up, shrugging.
“Is a kick ass performer and friend.” Stiles nodded.
It’s not like his dad was an uptight asshole (like Dean called his), but he was constantly asking what Stiles was going to do
And Sam couldn’t stop laughing about it.
Hoisting his bag into the passenger seat, turning around to check that all of his drumming equipment was strapped down, Stiles sent a message off to Dean asking for the exact address of the motel they were staying in. The guys had been playing some shows up south of Portland while Sam and Stiles got through finals week. Most of their shows were up in Washington, with regular gigs in Seattle since that’s where Dean and Castiel’s apartment was, but they often had subletters when they hit the road. Stiles cursed being the drummer in a traveling band, as he often did, when he was packing up his equipment out of the shed him and Sam had converted in the back of the house they rented. He would never say the two weren’t smart, though – create a band that picks up members as they travel, with them being the lead guitarist and singer? With the heaviest equipment they had being a gig amp? Stiles envied them.
He walked towards the high-top table facing the windows, hopping up onto the top so that his legs were swinging. Castiel joined him shortly, taking the offered joint before moving to sit close to Stiles on the tabletop. “Whatever you said caught the attention of every wolf in the room,” he commented as he handed the joint back.
“You can do that on their other stage,” Jess reasoned.
Stiles shrugged, “Maybe that was my plan.”
Stiles breathed out, eyes watching Derek carefully. He was telling him to go, but kept stepping closer, neither breaking eye contact. He had played this game with Derek in the past and for once he wasn’t going to be the first to give in.
“Right.” Derek looked away, not saying what Lydia’s price was. Which meant it had to have been good. A loud yell from the crowd across the room caught both of their attentions, causing the corresponding shouts from others to grow even louder in response. Derek frowned. “Is there anywhere we can—”
“You can come down and visit! We’ll be piecing things together the first couple of months probably but it’s nice. We each have our own room, and I have a feeling Jess might end up staying here too if her house with the girls on her floor falls through, and then at least the rent would be cheaper, and—”
,” Stiles cooed with a short laugh, “Would probably need you to blow me, then, while I got you cleaned up.”
“You look happy,” Castiel commented. He was sitting in Dean’s lap, the both of them sitting in front of the small motel desk where Castiel had been leaning over the tabletop, staring closely at his reflection in the pocket mirror he traveled with. His eyes were darkened with smudged eyeliner, looking to Stiles before twisting in his seat to apply similar coloring to Dean.
Neither of them said anything for a minute, before Stiles changed the subject. “Anyone coming tonight? We got a different bass player this time.”
,” Stiles groaned from behind the hand he rubbed over his face. He reached up, stretching out his own back with a sharp crack before twisting the opposite direction. He caught Erica watching him, eying his clothes as they stretched over his torso. He raised an eyebrow in question.
“You’re running low,” Cas commented, looking at the offered joint between them.
“You and Derek talk?” Stiles asked harshly.
Stiles happily called Scott an idiot to his face.
Before locking his phone to get his ass back on the road, he shot a message off to Dean:
Crowley laughed, reciprocating the touch from Stiles and letting himself be pulled back into the room. Stiles could feel himself being watched as he resumed dancing, but he was not looking back over, and he was not looking over to see where Boyd and Erica had gone off to. Just because Derek was finally responding to him, did not mean he was going to clammer for the reciprocation he practically begged for the first time around.
He climbed into the jeep, daring not to look at his dad before peeling out of the parking spot and back through town. Maybe he did have a pretty good idea for why he stayed away as long as he did, and maybe his dad knew more than he let on, but he couldn’t deny the adrenaline when he began thinking about who would all see him play tonight. Pointedly
Scott and Allison were already there, standing out on the porch, Scott grinning wide when he realized Stiles was in the car with them. They clapped each other on the back in greeting, Stiles giving Allison a brief hug before they moved to make their way into the home. Stiles paused, looking over at Erica. She rolled her eyes playfully, shoving him forward before closing the door behind them. Stiles noticed Isaac sitting at the kitchen island when they walked in, talking to Lydia who was sitting opposite him. She looked up when the commotion of everyone else entering filled the space, standing when she caught sight of Stiles.
“You never actually said so, so I wasn’t entirely sure,” Stiles shrugged, one hand tapping the spine of the last binder in the row. He reached to his back pocket with his other hand, pulling out the vape pen he had grabbed out of Cas’s bag before he left that afternoon. He looked up Derek cautiously, “You mind?”
Stiles swore the rejection hurt more than the phantom claws he felt ripping his skin open anytime he moved too quickly.
“Prada, get back in here,” Lydia’s voice yelled out, cutting through the silence that had enveloped the backyard. Stiles blinked his eyes open slowly, sitting up and groaning at the ache in his back from the angle he had been stuck in for who-knows-how-many-hours. He shielded his eyes from the sun as he looked towards the back door and saw Lydia trying to get her dog inside. She caught his attention and grinned, “Good morning, sleeping beauty.”
Stiles laughed, swiping a scoop of dough out of the forgotten bowl when Gabriel was turned, “I’d like to see you try.”
And for the first time, Stiles answered truthfully. “Probably not, no.”
The two talked more from on top of the stage in between Isaac’s test shots and review, confirming positioning preferences from Stiles before they hopped back down to the bar.
(Although, he was still debating where he stood on that line.)
year.
“Fine, then do it tomorrow.” Erica continued, “I know you don’t have a show tomorrow night.”
Time moved slowly, and then all too quickly, as they finished the joint between the three of them. Stiles wondered if this was from the shop they stopped at in Colorado during spring break, or if Cas had gotten a new hook up in Washington. He catalogued strains the way some people organized loose tea, focusing more on them feeling good, relaxing, before shows, and less on getting fucked up.
Turns out that Beacon Hills was just far enough south of Portland and Seattle, and far enough north of any major city in California, that there were a lot of punk fans spread out between the two, itching for a place to go that wouldn’t cost them a day in travel. Jungle’s social media was blowing up, which led to the band’s Instagram blowing up, and Jess was messaging Stiles about their traffic increase while he walked the aisles of the local beauty store. She had a big family function starting soon and wanted him to take over their account, and asked if one of his
“We understand, Stiles,” Cas smiled.
Stiles eyed the two warily, but he’d seen them drink and get high on and off over the last three years, so he knew they weren’t fucking with him. He did as Cas told him to, and shrugged. “It’s not like a hit of morphine,” Stiles remarked.
They barely spoke beyond those moments, though, with Stiles noticing when his dad’s eyes would linger a little bit longer when he wore short sleeves, and then when he pushed sweater sleeves up, eyes calculating as he catalogued the unspoken changes Stiles was making.
Getting through this text took considerably less time thanks to Sam’s Latin lessons, but between switching his major, starting higher level courses, trying to maintain the bookstore job with Jess it didn’t happen quite as quickly as apparently Derek wanted it.
Stiles grinned up at Derek. Yesterday, he was scared shitless. But knowing he wasn’t going to be under scrutiny, and that Erica actually liked the show and wasn’t there to gawk at him, helped him to get back into his usual groove. “She fucking better be,” Stiles nodded, downing the shot with practiced ease.
, you’re not a hunter, are you?”
“I’m good,” he huffed, pushing past another door that led to his dad’s office.
“Hey, Stiles,” Sam’s voice called out. Stiles walked out of his room to see Sam standing in the doorway, large package in his hands and the sound of the delivery truck’s engine starting heard distantly from behind the closing front door. They had just gotten back from spending winter break down in Louisiana, Stiles’ hair a brighter hue of the aquamarine he had tried out over the summer. This time around, Jess helped him bleach the ends first.
“Just thinking, that lease on that house ends and come June, you’re going to need a home.” John shrugged.
Stiles couldn’t wait for Monday, to get to sleep in before their next six-day block. After their second show in a dive bar where they’d frequented in the past, Stiles went back with Crowley into the motel room he had gotten for himself, all too eager and happy to hook up with the guy, riding the high of adrenaline until they were both blissfully fucked out.
. His stomach was warm, his head felt warm, he felt like he was sitting on a cloud and not a lawn chair with slats that dug into his back. His eyes flicked open, taking in the sight of his friends around the backyard. They had played a couple rounds of
“Turns out Jess wants to spend some of the summer visiting family and Sam is going with before he starts his internship at a law firm. Means we’ll need someone to pick up some of the PR slack, keep our gigs booked and properly advertised.” Stiles grinned, leaning forward against the table. “Lucky for us, I’ve been studying communications and marketing for the last two years, and we both know my grades have been fan-freaking-tastic.”
“You still saw me! You came to Palo Alto, and I was here last May, too.” Stiles rolled his eyes, “You’re blowing this out of proportion.”
“Yes, as noted by the bitchin’ scars I’ve got.” Stiles nodded, “Packs can have humans in them.” He paused, “Why do you know about all this?” Another breath, “Oh
“Nope, we’re doing this.” John’s grip on Stiles tightened.
Stiles groaned in response, covering his eyes with both arms.
“And we are not going to get you any, so don’t ask,” Dean grumbled back. Stiles agreed, he wasn’t looking for hard drugs or anything. He just had a lot of experience with pain killers, thanks to too many run-ins with sharp claws.
Erica laughed when Stiles tugged her close, planting a loud kiss to the side of her face. Apparently, Boyd did not trust Stiles as much as she did, and, because Derek taught all of his betas to have a flair for dramatics, jumped down from the ladder they had used to climb up, all but pushing Derek to hop down ahead of him. They weaved their way through the crowd with ease, Erica being pulled out of Stiles’ hands when Boyd’s firm arm wrapped her waist.
For all that was said earlier, Stiles was not expecting to see Derek behind the bar when they arrived at the club later that afternoon. Judging by the way Derek barely reacted when he heard them come in, Stiles realized Erica probably wasn’t supposed to mention Derek’s choice of being absent, because now Derek looked at him cautiously when Stiles stared back at him, eyebrows furrowed in confusion.
Derek eyed the container before raising an eyebrow at Erica. She looked away sheepishly, pointedly ignoring the look he sent her way. Stiles pushed the flask closer to his mouth, and while Derek didn’t know Stiles much anymore, he had a feeling he wasn’t going to have much more of a choice soon, either way. Stiles’ grin widened when Derek took a drink on his own, shoving the closed flask back into Boyd’s hands. The two moved further into the crowd, Erica’s curls bobbing through the crowd long enough that Stiles knew they were content on their own, leaning back on his heels while he watched Derek.
“Hell, Crowley made it over before you guys,” Stiles rolled his eyes, “Don’t look now, but you might actually be getting some competition.”
“No, because we’re still seven months out.” Stiles rolled his eyes.
“You weren’t even here for that.”
“Guess you’ll have to remind him.”
So to hear how Dean had rebelled from their dad, and continued on living his vagabond life with a guy he
Stiles had woken with a shout, the light peeking through the blinds forcing him to audibly wince, and then yell when he moved and felt like a steam roller had driven over his entire body. Shouting made his head hurt, and he curled into a tighter ball from under his blanket.
A perfect opening for Stiles.
They would end the month in Portland, with Stiles knowing he’d have to travel back down to Palo Alto to finish moving out of the house. He brought the subject up to Sam, who shrugged him off. Him and Jess had already moved half of their things into their new apartment and told Stiles’ they’d store his boxes until he had his next steps figured out. Sam said to let him know if he wanted them to grab any boxes to keep with him before they came up north, but Stiles was sure he had everything he needed. They didn’t have any solid shows squared away for June and the start of July, when they would need to start making their way east, but watching the way their social media was booming made Stiles confident their calendar wasn’t going to stay open for long and he wanted to be there for every performance this time around.
Erica and Scott were both at Derek’s.
“What—” Stiles started, glancing up at Lydia wide eyed.
She had a point.
“What?” He asked, glaring at Lydia, running his heads through his hair.
“Aye, aye, captain,” Dean solute’d from his place.
Dean had thrown an extra pair of boots at Stiles to change into, and told him to lose the extra layers. Besides looking every bit like the college freshman that he so clearly was, Dean reminded him it was going to get warm quickly.
“You’re such a sap,” Stiles nudged him with his shoulder, “I’m only playing the Beacon Hills gigs this month, and am talking to Jess more tonight to confirm with Meg’s schedule how long she can take over for. Might be through June or early July.”
Before ending the first set, Stiles ended up ripping his shirt off. He had already soaked it completely through, and while the spring weather was warming up, he knew with the amount of air conditioning clubs pumped he would be shivering if he kept the wet shirt on. Instead, he used it as a rag to wipe the remaining sweat off his forehead before launching back into his double-snare hits.
“Hold on, Dean,” Sam quickly cut his brother off, ignoring his shouts in the background.
“I know he’s your friend,” Derek said, and Stiles sighed. This was how most of their fights about being on the road, and being on the road with any of Stiles’ past hook ups, started. “And I trust you.”
“Nothing, kid, nothing’s going on here.” John sighed, “I heard from Melissa that you told Scott you’re not coming home.”
, pulled him from his thoughts. He hit the down beat, hitting his drumsticks down in time with Castiel as he strummed the opening chords. His thoughts faded, and all he felt was the beat of the music, bouncing off his bandmates as they pulled through song after song.
To no one’s surprised, Erica wasn’t going to let him get all the fun, bringing herself onto the stage after surfing through the crowd. Unlike Greenberg, she happily let Dean pull her towards the center stage, mirroring his lewd dance movement with her own imitations. She pumped her fists in the air, two hands folded into horns before turning around and jumping back off the stage, back towards the crowd and trusting them to catch her. She winked at Stiles before launching herself back into the pit.
“What?” Stiles sat up, ignoring the grunt Gabriel gave in remark to the sudden jostling in the bed. Stiles kicked him back before standing up. He yanked open the door, noting Dean and Castiel were also still asleep, not commenting until he was far enough away from his sleeping friends. “What are you talking about?”
, Stiles,” he admonished, dragging Stiles further into the crowd.
It wasn’t until Stiles’ had dried his hair with Erica’s help, the violet tones bright against his fair skin, their nails dry and reaching the tail end of another movie, did he realize she was shooting sideways glances to Boyd. He waited several more minutes, waiting to see if they’d relent, but as the tension grew increasingly obvious, Stiles groaned, “What are you two trying to say without me hearing?”
Stiles leaning easily back against the bar, hands tucked into his pockets, “Maybe we will,” he smirked back, “Thanks for the tip.” Stiles nodded as the guy winked before turning and walking out with his own friends. Stiles rolled his neck before turning back to face his friends. “You guys in?”
,” She hissed out, grinning, “Please tell me there are photos.”
Stiles grinned back, “I’m glad you get it. Dad’s been around a couple times but just thinks it’s noise.”
Roughly he tugged at his own dick, trying to find some spark of arousal. Maybe he could bond with himself, be his own physical connection to the earth. Maybe maybe maybe. His thoughts whirled, his body ached, and he chafed the skin of his dick with a too-dry palm.
“I told you I wouldn’t fight,” he said, more strangled than he meant to be.
When the phone pinged and Dean pulled up the picture to look he smiled and his eyes turned black, even as heat coloured his cheeks. “There you are. Can hardly believe it.”
Cas choked on his own saliva as he felt the shafts of his feathers begin to itch, and then to tingle. Under Dean’s hands things started to feel…
Because that’s what Dean musn’t understand, by forcing them to manifest, he’d taken all their power, stolen the star-song and the glory from them, made them purely physical. He could put them away again, if the cuts ever healed, but they would never be the same, they wouldn’t have the same connection to the heavenly host, nor the ether between realities where his true form could exist.
“I don’t have to be so close. He’s more powerful than you. With you I wanted to be up close and personal, make sure the sigils knew exactly what angel they were being carved into. Lucifer will be the only thing with that much power in
“Two weeks,” Cas replied. “For you?” he added gently, coaxing Dean to tell him more.
you’re a bit out of it aren’t you?”
“You gotta,” Dean rushed to say, he could feel the itch that would lead to the burning building beneath his skin as the clock ticked to the metaphorical midnight, time running out. It would be pumpkins soon, red flesh, squashed innards, bleeding pulp. “It’s worse if you don’t. Cas! I have’ta bleed, now, please!”
Dean stroked lazily over his throat while they waited. Cas purred, felt his eyes glazed over at the threat, the promise, the
Cas made a strangled noise.
Dean cocked his head and then shook it. He breathed out and the alcohol stench wafted over Cas so strongly it made his eyes water. Dean shook his head again.
“Gotta get you safely tucked in in one piece, you’re in no fit state to make it back by yourself.” Dean’s hand shot across the space and curled around Cas’s cock again, he gripped and jacked his hand slowly up the clothed member.
Dean gasped, moaned, and hugged him closer. “Make me so hot for you.” He started to shift around, and Cas became hyper aware of all the layers of clothes that brushed against him, of how Dean was clothed and hidden, got to keep his dignity.
“Of course not! You’re suffering, and injured. I apologise for my vessel’s response, it’s inappropriate…”
A finger pushed between the layers of cut fabric and stroked his ass, dipped deeper and nudged at his furled hole. “Gonna ruin you for anyone else Cas, nothing will ever feel good enough again. Not unless you let me claim you. Over. And over. And over.”
Dean smiled at Cas, leaned closer to breath in his scent. “Yeah I've learned so much today. Hear you've been holding out on me? That true, little brother?”
Dean rolled them over so they were spooning, side by side. Still buried deep he rolled his hips, and Cas squirmed at the feeling of Dean’s dick nudging further inside him. He gripped Dean’s hand where it rested over his heart and Dean groaned, his other hand stroking Cas’ stomach like he was trying to feel himself from the outside. Cas tried to wriggle away but Dean was like a limpet and where Cas went, he followed.
, it worked!”
Dean paused, briefly, eyes wondering over Cas’ body. “M’here now. I’m here. Let’s make the best of it.”
them—not here, not like this. They were heavy on his back, an added weight to push him onto the bed. And Dean was there too, straddling his hips, his cock silky smooth and hot in the hollow of Cas’ back. Cas didn’t know when he’d pulled out, and didn’t care. Dean rocked, smeared more lube across Cas’ skin and it felt filthy, wrong.
“Yeah, I really do.” Dean dropped his head to the floor, the cold against his skin helped the growing migraine.
And then Dean was all over him, hands touching, pinning, and reaching for the lube and Cas couldn’t keep track of Dean’s movements, realised he couldn’t even feel his own hands or feet either. Whatever it was he’d taken before bed, must have still been swimming through his system. The thought struck him that maybe Dean wasn’t here at all. Maybe it was just his mind throwing sensations at him, bringing up old haunting memories. That would explain Dean’s behaviour.
“So many things I can use a knife for that aren’t fighting,” Dean replied while he buried his nose in the hair on the back of Cas’ head. “Just need to get some
“Chuck will know if you’re here, be careful.”
“I will not ask you to hurt Dean,” Cas tilted his hips as he spoke, the one movement still left to him under Chuck’s invisible weight.
Cas was the only one who didn’t say anything, he only watched, and stood vigil.
In a blink there was a blade pressed to his skin. An Angel blade, sharp as they come. He sucked in a breath and it shifted the metal against his sternum.
Dean was gentle. Unerringly soft in his movements, hardly jolting Cas, and it was such a counterpoint to the pain that he’d caused, the violation he was perpetrating, that Cas’ head swam. The sickening sweetness tasted wrong, felt unbelievable, and he realised it wasn’t sweetness at all, only another kind of salt to rub into the open wounds of his being.
He woke up slumped sideways in the passenger seat. Aware first of the hand still holding steady around his throat. He sucked in a breath and moaned, leaned into the hold and Dean chuckled.
Cas’s fingers touched his temples and soft angelic grace suffused his mind, filled his body—but there wasn’t any hurt, there was nothing to heal. It was just Chuck’s wrath made metaphysical, torturing Dean. Torturing him unless he had something stuffed up his ass. It was pain or humiliation, and Dean took the humiliation every time.
“That’s a funny thing to say,” Cas murmured, closing his eyes and thumping his head back against the headboard. “You’ve been categorically untrustworthy since the day we met.”
“I know.”
“Are you… jealous?” Cas asked, actually curious. He loved Sam, and Sam loved him, but that didn’t have to be
“Oh I hurt him, but only in the ways that count. Found all of his buttons to push. Right, Angel?”
Cas wasn’t sure that was true but he didn’t have time to ponder it. Dean dropped his half-full beer bottle and it spilled across Cas’s naked torso and the bed. He swore, swooping to pick it up and move it aside. Dean straddled him as he tried to mop up the spilled beer with the sheets and he was pinned under Dean’s weight. Dean who caught his hands and kissed the back of his knuckles.
who he loved, dearly, but who seemed to want more than he currently had to give.
At least he did now, he’d humbled himself enough to realise it wasn’t worth enduring the migraine attacks. He’d rather keep his mind, and give away his body.
“Yeah baby, yes.”
Dean stilled, his grip bruising and getting tighter. Cas closed his eyes, rested his cheek on the Impala’s sun-warmed metal. Their clothes brushed, and settled, fabric sliding and rustling as they breathed in tandem. Cas felt disgusting, come-dried clothes left to stick to his skin while Dean fucked him from behind, through his torn and ruined pants. The hurt, the pain, the bone-deep want was enough to almost push him over the edge.
The door slammed open, creaking on its hinges and there was a lifeline, a hope in the dark
“Dean, unngg,
“Callin’ me dumb, Cas?”
Dean chuckled, removed his hand, and Cas cracked his eyes open to see him rearrange the bulge in his own jeans. Cas wondered what the end game here was, where Dean thought this was going; where they were
Cas blinked up at him and furrowed his brow. “No.”
Cas nodded, holding Dean’s gaze steady. Dean took it as a challenge. He brushed up against Cas, crotch to crotch and ground their cocks together. Dean was hard too, Cas could feel it where Dean humped him.
Perhaps,” he gulped, curled his toes as Dean brushed his prostate. “You’d have seen how we… we both wanted you, too. How we
it’s not something to be shared lightly.”
“Ready for a brand new day?” he tried to joke, but leaned heavily on Cas and buried his head in Cas’s neck. “You’re gonna have to get the hook.”
Dean threw him a soft smile, and though it hardened into something akin to malice as Dean looked away Cas was glad to see it.
He came again without breath to scream, and blacked out before he finished.
It didn’t hurt, none of it hurt and he almost found himself wishing it would. It would make it easier to understand how he could be hating this while Dean loved it.
“No, no, no. No no no no.”
“Been there, done that, got the t-shirt. Everything here screws with you. At least,” he chuckled, eyes unfocused with the pain, but his mind clear. “At least screw me the normal way, it would be a nice change of pace.”
“Our mutual friends found a way, once we could pinpoint your location. I’m sure they’ll get the door open again and then we’ll get you out.”
“Long drive,” Dean countered with a wink.
The heat between his cheeks and thrusting into his ass delved deep and it was just right — felt like his, felt like home. His own cock responded, filled out all over again as he gave in to the pleasure and sank into the pain. He clenched so tightly around Dean he thought it couldn’t be enjoyable but Dean only laughed with his throaty, breathy chuckle.
Cas nodded. “Dean…”
that got your tongue because he's been here making all these sweet noises for me. So tell me Sam, is it true? Do you want me?”
captioned. Stiles looked at Scott’s photo quickly before it disappeared, recognizing the background.
“We can help,” Cas started.
He barely got a word out before Erica and Lydia pulled him into a hug. He stared over their shoulders, catching Derek’s eye, who merely raised an eyebrow in response. Stiles pulled away, shoving his hands into his pockets to stop himself from nervously fidgeting. “So you, uh, all got tickets, I guess, huh?”
He never quite figured out how Castiel and Gabriel fit into the Winchester family, but the pair were so ingrained Stiles couldn’t imagine a story about Sam that didn’t feature either of them.
“Glad to hear you’re alive,” John’s voice was gruff over the line.
“Obviously, not when you’re a kid and trying to figure out your identity and shit.” Stiles shook his head, “But when it’s because you chose it, and are in pursuit of what
people competent in Latin in a pack, and I am not going to put my pursuit of higher-level education on hold just to be on his beck and call to read through any old book he sends my way.” She lifted her chin as she grinned. “I told him I would happily review your work when you were done, but he had to send it to you first.”
“So I said—”
Derek didn’t have an answer to that, apparently, and turned to look around the living room, eyes pausing at the wide entrance separating them from the kitchen. They both knew the others hadn’t walked out of the kitchen yet, either because they actually wanted to give them privacy, or because they were too busy being nosey little sneaks.
“The one you’re living with?” John asked, trying to place the name to the photos Stiles shoots his way every once in a while. Usually after he yells at him for not keeping him updated, badgering his son to at least let him know what he looked like god forbid he ends up on a wanted poster.
you were out in the crowd. He wouldn’t have tried to suck Cas off if he knew there was an officer of the law in the building.”
“Since I got certified.”
“Yeah. Maybe even get “
“You’re horrible,” Derek bit out. Stiles could hear him driving.
Michael nodded slowly.
The merman merely raised one blond eyebrow, gazing right back at Dean with a strange air of amusement. “Ancestor?” he repeated slowly.
“I believe the word is ‘romantic’.”
A low huff of air escaped Dean’s lungs, and something not far from a pout shifted across his lips. “Could’ve fooled me,” he said, but—to Castiel’s immense relief—his voice now sounded more playful than hurt.
For a moment there was an awkward silence. Castiel filled it by draining his mug. Claire was back behind the counter, so he raised the empty cup with a smile, and she nodded in his direction.
“Thriving inn, huh?” Kaia said with a wince. “You definitely didn’t get that. But you can work towards it.”
“What’re you dancing along to, goofball?” Dean asked, gazing affectionately at Castiel as he checked on the waffles.
or—” Dean sucked in another gulp of air. “—anything like that. I realize that strictly speaking, I am your employer, and it would kill me if you thought—”
Why were they waiting?
Castiel leaned in further, that snarl on his face that always reminded Dean of the vicious animal the lurked below the surface of Castiel’s stoic demeanor, ready to emerge when provoked. They were very alike, sometimes, he and Cas. “You haven’t seen the things we’ve seen these past years,” Castiel hissed. “You weren’t here when the angels fell, when Amara came back, when—”
- Mal <3
“Cas—I’m coming in, okay?” Dean warned. He waited a moment, but there was no answer, so he pushed the door further and took a step onto the tiled floor.
With Castiel behind Dean and out of sight, it was a total surprise a moment later when Castiel blew cold air across Dean’s burning cheeks.
Kaia shook her head quietly through the kitchen serving window. “Claire,” she chastised gently before calling over to Castiel, “Ignore her, she’s convinced that Bellbird is haunted.”
The tap came off in his hand. Castiel flailed wildly, slapping his hands around the open pipe that was left after the handle parted ways from the metal piping. A veritable eruption of slightly brown water burst up out of the opening at high pressure, drenching the ceiling, the counters, and Castiel. He tried to jam his thumb over the hole, but it only seemed to increase the pressure of the angry jets, not quell anything. He tried sticking the tap back on, somewhat feebly, but the metal had snapped right off.
A strange warmth bloomed in Dean’s chest as he realized that Castiel had listened to him, and he couldn’t help but smile as his gaze roved over the car. Her hood was propped open.
Curiously, Castiel unfolded the paper.
“Yeah, I’m feeling fine. Just got a headache,” Dean reassured Sam over the sound of the zipper. At his brother’s slightly raised eyebrow, he added, “Promise, Sam. I’m good. I’m just gonna keep an eye on the merman and make sure he’s good.”
—or even the odd
After taking a moment to rinse their empties and toss them into the recycling, Dean pulled two frosty, fresh beers from the refrigerator and headed back toward the couch. He paused near the end of it, leaning his shoulder on the large, heavy set of bookcases that held all of Charlie’s board games.
That's all she wrote, folks...at least for this AU!
Castiel raised his hands to the holographic image. “Any idea where the A.I. decks are?”
. “I’m just going to be single forever. Dating apps are revolting.”
“Well, I have a fantastic offer for you. I’ve fallen on my feet, of course, as I expected, but I have a few loose ends to tie up, and I couldn’t help but think of poor little you.”
She had to be wrong, Castiel considered as Claire moved off to the counter. He’d humiliated himself in front of Dean so many times now, Dean probably thought of him as a viable source of entertainment. Hell, he should start selling tickets. But he didn’t think Dean saw him like
Painting seized, salted, and burned, Dean and Sam both headed back to the bar to recover.
Nope.
The room was suddenly so silent that Dean could hear the ceiling fan in Castiel’s apartment whirring around overhead to stir up the oppressive quarantine air.
Castiel suspected that Dean just didn’t trust Castiel behind the wheel of the truck, but he said nothing, not wanting to spoil the tentative goodwill they were developing.
“Cas,” Dean cut him off with another sharp squeeze to his fingers. “Breathe. It’s fine. We’ll pose and take a few pictures. This isn’t a big deal. The first guests don’t even get here until tomorrow.”
Castiel nodded, performing a little series of name signs: his own, a G with wings, an M with wings, an H, an A. “My mother likes things very orderly,” he explained.
Dean nodded in agreement. “Amara. Then Cas. Then Heaven. No offense to Heaven, or anything. Why don’t you guys get started on that?”
Castiel was staring at Dean’s middle, but his eyes jerked up to respond. “Oh—y-yes. We’re all well. Healthy, I mean. I have four brothers, and we’re all quarantined in different places. Oddly, I think we’ve spoken to each other more since all this began than we usually do.”
“I just type whatever the professor says,” Castiel typed.
(Besides the time when they were just outside of Vegas, when Dean used his microphone, Castiel’s guitar,
“You scared?” He asked, looking up wide eyed.
When Stiles (finally) got out of Beacon Hills, he hadn’t planned on staying away for long. Palo Alto was a good half-day drive away but he figured if he didn’t come back once a month he’d definitely be making the drive home for the holidays. If not Thanksgiving, then definitely the 4 weeks between fall and spring semesters. And maybe he’d get some hot spring break plans and miss that visit, but he figured at
“But you put the monster down.” Sam stated carefully.
They didn’t have a chance to say much to each other, Gabriel’s handing coming down and clapping Stiles on the shoulder as he pulled him to the stage. Shortly after his call with Erica, Stiles had hopped off the highway to meet up with Gabriel, picking him up after he found a trainline that got him as close to Beacon Hills as he could go. Whenever they were getting ready for another set months of touring, Gabriel and Stiles usually worked it out for him to ride along with Stiles. It never made sense for them to have three cars, just like how they rarely booked more than one motel room. Their cut from the money each gig brought in may have gotten higher in the last year, but that didn’t mean living on the road was cheap.
Sam nodded, looking up from the bag he had stood and opened on his desk, pulling some books out and lining the shelf. “What’s your major, dude? I’m Sam, by the way.”
“To start a fight?”
“Yep.” Sam nodded, eyes looking back at Stiles without wavering.
“It had to be someone unbiased.” Erica reasoned.
“Wow, someone is putting their college fun on hold to spent time with their family?” John spoke with sarcasm clear in his voice, “Wish that could be said for more of you punks.”
If Derek actually gave a damn, he was going to have to earn it.
Stiles half expected his dad to mention how, with the burgeoning businesses and ideas floating around of converting some of the abandoned warehouses into additional retail space, they were going to be in need of some highly skilled marketing and PR professionals, but for once John skirted around the topic. Stiles watched his dad carefully–the man wasn’t elected Sheriff as many times as he had been without picking things up along the way. For once, he willingly let the topic slide.
After a couple quick hits, Stiles’ urge to fidget decreased and his stick twirling became less erratic. He banged out a rhythm across the snare and cymbal seamlessly with a grin.
Stiles walked Isaac around the perimeter of their set up. “Feel free to get up in Dean and Cas’s faces, Crowley too, but don’t be surprised if you get groped.” Isaac raised an eyebrow in question while pulling out his camera with the interchangeable lenses. “Watch for the cables, obviously, they get into it and go flying around the stage.” Isaac clicked a couple shots, moving between Stiles’ kit set up and looking at the photo review to assess the angle from where he shot. When he walked back over to Stiles, he continued, “I’m going to give you my phone, too. I’m logged into the band’s page, and without Jess here, we need someone to do the social media stuff too. Nothing crazy like Crowley, just some stories and tags and shit, try and get a good look at the pit when it gets going. People love those.”
The new contract was signed, all the band members happily paid out before they stepped back onto the stage the next night. Jess and Sam were still down south, but she promised to make the trip up to see the venue in person before their residency was over. She connected with Isaac, drafting a written contract for him to shoot more shows for them, too.
“Uh huh,” Stiles waited for his dad to finish. “That sounds great, it really does, dad, but—” A groan of frustration cut him off “—we already have contracts pre-paid and signed for December. The guy in Phoenix with the two bars wants us back, two shows this time. One on our way out to Louisiana and one on the way back. Got a couple days in a row with Benny this year.”
John sighed, turning into the parking lot. “No, kid, I guess I don’t.” He was still sitting behind the wheel when Stiles started climbing out. “Kid?” Stiles paused, but didn’t turn around, “You tell Dean the Sheriff will be in the audience tonight and no funny business, got it?”
John eyed his fidgeting fingers before commenting again, “You still filling your Adderall?”
“Yeah, we have that up north.” Dean argued, letting Castiel’s hands turn his head. He closed his eyes, humming, as Cas started gently massaging around his temples when he was done. Castiel didn’t press the issue, instead turning to hand the gel back to Stiles.
Scott raised his eyebrows in question, “You mean, the other guys—”
They were going to put on a damn good show tonight.
“If you being part of this is about money—”
“Sorry for never sending the books back,” Stiles spoke under his breath.
Castiel hummed quietly, watching the mass of people in the room. “I thought we reserved that for Dean. You’re normally gone by this point of the night.”
“There was a situation, and we needed the book translated to take care of it.” Derek freely commented. “I didn’t think we were going to need it when I sent them out, and then we did, but there wasn’t a way to let you know that things had changed.”
anything,” At Stiles’ laugh, Derek turned to look at him, small grin pulling at the corners of his mouth. “But while you’re here, I want to try and get to know you again.”
Dean grinned, “There’s a reason we go by the
Whereas Stiles didn’t advertise his performances, his own Instagram posts few and far between that people sometimes questioned his major in school, Crowley was geotagging every town and bar he played, letting people know where he was and what he was doing next. Didn’t hurt that the guy fit the image of a wayward rocker almost perfectly, too, even channeling
“No shit,” Dean added, “Which way we headed next?”
They were packing up for a second summer on the road when two more books arrived. Almost as if their mystery sender knew Stiles was about to be gone and if they wanted work done, they had to ship it before their mail got put on hold.
“How the hell’d you get back here?” Stiles questioned. No one else was with her.
As silently and quickly as he could, Stiles went back into their room and threw on clothes he had thrown into his bag before they had left Oregon. He glanced up in the bathroom when brushing his teeth, rolling his eyes when he realized Crowley had thrown one of his shirts in with his things. Stiles shoved his boots on—at least the shirt smelled clean enough.
He was updating his resume, adding the internship with the band to his most recent work experience, and wondered if all of this free labor he gave Derek could count, too. He’d never be able to use the guy as a reference, but he had done hours of unpaid work for the guy, and if that didn’t shout
An actual party for his twenty-three-year-old son.
“And you haven’t signed another one yet.”
Stiles frowned as he popped back up, pacing in their small living room. “Next time that guy sends another package, tell Fedex they got the wrong guy, gotta Return to Sender that shit.” He walked out of the room, the sound of the refrigerator door opening and shutting loudly punctuating his words.
Stiles leaned against the side of the club, taking hits off of the second to last joint from his emergency stash, grinning when he caught the eye of some guys walking out. Besides enjoying the hell out of their gigs, that was one thing Stiles wouldn’t deny about living on the road: the amount of attention he got from nameless strangers, getting to enjoy their company as a stranger himself, always sent a thrill down his spine. He was about to make a proposition to one of the guys, whose eyes lingered longer than his friends, when Castiel joined him.
before sending it off to Erica and Derek.
Derek was silent.
“Erica and Boyd are coming out again,” Derek commented, placing the shot glass in front of Stiles.
or if it was because he spent less time sleeping, the amped up shows leaving adrenaline pumping through his body hours after they were done, which led to him fidgeting relentlessly when everyone tried to catch some sleep before they hit the road again. Unlike high school, he couldn’t blame being wired on his Adderall either—he hadn’t refilled that prescription in months, coping well enough with some more
Twice in one month, and Stiles was headed to a shop with Dean, Cas and Sam. The first time, Dean was explaining how to start stretching his lobes after Stiles finally broached the topic. He had the tapers in his ears, slowly moving between the sizes like the professional had advised. This time around, they were headed to a local place that only did tattoos, with Dean having already drawn out the design on a piece of paper for the guy.
Isaac shrugged, “I don’t kiss Boyd.”
The first time it happened, Stiles almost couldn’t stop laughing. A family of trolls were mad because they felt Dean was turning their youngest into a delinquent with their lewd performance and attempts at outing the existing of the paranormal to the mainstream.
He woke up in the middle of the night, changing out of his jeans because apparently he had fallen asleep before even realizing that much still needed to be done, and pulled out his computer long enough to send the finished documents to Derek. He was proud he finished them before they went out on stage and was extra curious to see what Derek was going to send back.
“The already signed a contract for you guys to do two more shows over winter break,” Jess added. “Paid half the fee in advance, and they’re scheduled right before the semester starts again so you can still do your Phoenix shows.”
“Did you agree?”
Stiles laughed, taking a snap of his ceiling and adding several emojis of ice cream and cookies. He quickly typed out:
“Don’t see why not,” Stiles shrugged, nursing his own beer. He ran a hand through his hair—grown out, spiked up, tips barely holding a hint of blue after growing out since his last stint on the road—out of nervous habit.
,” Scott cut him off. Stiles watched Scott carefully, taking another drag slowly. As Allison and Lydia watched the two, he offered the lit joint to either of them. At Allison’s decline, Lydia rolled her eyes before taking it from Stiles.
“Whoa, what is it? What’s going on? Any, ya know, mystical spooky things?” Stiles questioned, his brain immediately trying to consider all of the different scenarios that could be making his dad call him.
He blinked slowly from under the protection of the blanket’s darkness.
“Derek—”
“Just dad and me.” Stiles commented. “Called into work last minute, feels very upset to be missing this
could take over the live coverage while he played. She didn’t think this gig would blow up the way it was – none of them had – and when Sam reminded her Stiles was from the area, she all but begged him to make sure they got footage.
Chris frowned, “You are returning next week.”
“I don’t see why not.” Stiles shrugged.
Stiles adjusted the mic stand that tilted to the side of the drum set before standing up to assess the placement. He moved around, sitting in his chair and banging out a couple beats. “Who did you guys get to play rhythm?”
Stiles had his money on the second option.
vibe he was clearly going for. Stiles looked around the room, and when he didn’t see any of the pack watching him, he grabbed the guy’s hand with a smirk of his own.
“Stiles,” The tone of his dad’s voice slowed him down.
“Whoa, dad, stop while you’re ahead,” Stiles shook his head, “She’s like, my best friend after Scott. No way is that a thing. Besides, Boyd and her have been an item since forever.”
“Holy shit,” he muttered. Derek opened his message. He frowned, checking his snap stories and seeing he hadn’t shared it there.
“We do make more money from our other jobs, still,” Castiel admitted. “Jess’s methods should help increase our value.”
. Stiles rolled his eyes, laughing at the wink Crowley sent his way. He moved away from the bar, pointedly ignoring the look Derek gave him as his eyes flitted from one to the other.
Seeing she wasn’t going to get an answer, Erica caught onto Stiles’ avoidance and pulled him up to his feet with a sharp tug on his hand. “We miss and love you, batman, always.” She hugged him tightly before pulling back. She pulled at the end of his hair with a frown, “Does this make you Poison Ivy?”
Turns out the guy at the door, who was probably his roommate, was in a similar situation. The guy tapped at his phone screen, ending the call with whoever
,” Stiles grumbled, shoving a hand through his aquamarine-tinted hair, throwing the book on an end table while he went back to bring his bags in from the jeep. Him, and Sam and Jess, had spent the last three weeks traveling across the southern border, and he was happily still riding the high of actually being a drummer in a band, and then Derek, King of Dicks, reared his ugly head?
The flyer had been heavily edited, contrasting the dark venue the photos were shot in and the bright colors of their eclectic group, but Stiles had to admit it was a pretty stellar shot of him. His head was thrown back, lime green hair standing on end, muscles in his neck and shoulders tense. He figured it was a shot from their winter shows in Louisiana. For all the gigs they did up north, Dean and Cas loved taking winter shows in warmer states. Stiles remember it being hotter than hell, and he could see his shirt soaked through in the photo. Stiles looked quickly over the photo Scott had sent, looking to see if the name of the venue was listed, because Dean had this knack for just telling Stiles what town to show up in but never really telling him much beyond that.
When he headed backstage to grab water, Stiles wasn’t surprised that Erica was absent. She probably needed water as badly as he did, and he knew Derek and the other bartenders were probably rushing to get drinks out before they came back on stage.
to come talk to us? What kind of bullshit was that?”
Derek looked carefully, eyes looking down at the shirt that Stiles was still wearing before recognition appeared to dawn on his face.
“I can’t make any promises,” Stiles added. At Derek’s questioning gaze, he shrugged, “You were the only guy I actually thought being in a relationship could work with. I haven’t had much practice doing the whole,
“Probably because I feel like it.” Stiles rolled his eyes. At the sidelong glance John sent his way, he continued, “Don’t give me that look, I barely had time to brush my teeth. I’ll shower later.”
Stiles walked out, leaning against the cruiser in the parking lot while he waited for his dad to wrap up and join him. He really should’ve fought to drive his car, but they both knew he would’ve driven in the opposite direction the second they were both behind the wheel. Stiles huffed, glaring in the sun as he looked through the windows of the diner to see what his dad was doing, when the sound of a throat clearing caught his attention. Stiles turned, glare falling away as he stared wide.
“You really do pull it off surprisingly well,” Jess nodded.
“You’re still kicking ass on stage, and clearly doing this band internship shtick damn well judging by the crowds we’ve been getting, but you’re not looking well.” Dean shoved at Stiles’ shoulder, forcing him to look into the mirror. Stiles had to admit, he didn’t look his best, but he wasn’t exactly crap, either. He looked tired, though.
“I’m sorry, Dean. I never meant for you to feel responsible for my choices. I didn’t mean to burden you with my death, that’s the last thing I wanted.
He had not been in love often. He could count the times he had been on one hand. Counting how many people he’d actually told probably didn’t even require any hands at all. He was painfully aware that the amount of times that phrase had actually left his lips was close to zero. He had always been more about actions, but even those he was incapable of right now. He didn’t even dare touch Cas in any way, much less hug him like he so desperately wanted to. Yet, he didn’t know how to have his heart reach out. Speech and actions both seemed to fail him.
Instead of replying, instead of admitting it, however, Dean drank. That’s what he had been doing every time the pain became unbearable – he drank. He was always drinking, but he never forgot. The pain never let up long enough for him to breathe properly. He had thought telling Bobby or Charlie would lessen the pain, make it go away. But it stayed. It stayed and laughed him in the face, bigger than any monster he’d ever faced before. Because deep down, he knew that this was the biggest monster in his closet, a monster that accumulated smaller monsters and kept growing and growing, towering over him like an insurmountable pile of crap. He’d thought that once he’d go to heaven he’d finally be at peace. Alas, he had been so wrong.
Once again, Cas understood him without words, as though he had read his mind. Once again, he tilted his head. The smile vanished and a whole new form of sadness glistered in those beautiful eyes. “You’re right, that’s not it,” he mused, “It’s that you haven’t forgiven yourself.”
“Oh that’s right,” Bobby mused, his tone stoic, his face unwavering. He raised his index finger, pointing between Cas and Dean. “It’s you boys. You’re gonna fix that thing between you right now. And don’t either of you dare leave this kitchen until you’ve gotten your damn heads straight.
But he knew that he had to speak up. Bobby was right. Charlie had been right too. They needed to fix this. Hell, he knew he couldn’t go on much longer if they didn’t work things out. He knew that if he let Cas walk out the door tonight, he would break down completely. He knew he had to speak the truth, and speak it tonight – or forever hold his peace. “I didn’t avoid you because I didn’t want to see you, Cas.
, but he was frozen in his own pain. “Please don’t say – don’t even
Only now he didn’t even dare face him.
Dean would have been offended had Bobby’s words not rang true. He
“Yeah, whatever, just get me another beer.”
“You asked to see me, Bobby? You said there was something wrong?”
“Here you go.”
you saying?”
He so hadn’t been ready for this. All the scenarios which he had thought up escaped his mind, rendering him speechless and immobile.
Surprised, Cas halted in his movement, turning back around to Dean. He looked down to where Dean’s hand grasped his wrist, then met his gaze.  “I… I don’t understand,” he said, confusion finally mixing with the sorrow. “I assumed the last person you wanted to see was me.”
Eventually, Bobby broke the silence as he always did. “Look, if you want to keep suffering, be my guest. But at least stop feeling sorry for yourself while you’re at it, it’s a real buzzkill.”
Cas’s eyes narrowed as he tilted his head. But the emotion Dean saw on his face wasn’t confusion – it was sorrow. He looked as lost as Dean felt, and Dean realized that in all his little scenarios, Cas had never looked like this. He had never looked
He was the most beautiful creature Dean had ever laid eyes upon and he wanted to tell him as much, but all he could do was stand there and stare at him as tears of his own streamed down his cheeks.
Dean shut the refrigerator. Unlike Cas, he was already putting two and two together. His heart began to race. He wasn’t ready for this. No matter how many nights he lay awake, no matter how often he’d rehearsed this moment, he had never been prepared. And now, here Cas was, standing right in front of him because Bobby had decided that he’d grown tired of Dean’s avoidance, his inability to act on his feelings.
– that this is somehow your fault, Cas. Please don’t.”
Reality punched Dean in the guts. Mortified, he stared at Cas, too disturbed by the thought alone, but even more disturbed by the realization of what his cowardice had actually done to Cas. Anger crashed over him like a tidal wave, filling his bones with a seeping self-loathing. How selfish could he be that he had never even stopped to think how his actions would affect Cas? How stupidly blind, how blindly stupid had he been in his own insignificant fears that the thought had never even crossed his mind before?
“I-I don’t understand,” Cas stammered, looking back and forth between Bobby and Dean. “You prayed to me, you said there was something that needed fixing.” His face was one big question mark, the uncertainty written plainly all over it.
of all places, then sure, we have. But you’ve never actually told me why.”
Slowly, Dean nodded. Part of him wanted to object, wanted to tell Cas how they simply didn’t compare, how he shouldn’t have given up on getting him back, but something in Cas’s eyes kept his mouth shut. And of course, it was true. He had always forgiven Cas eventually – though God knew the last time he had taken too damn long. He still hated himself for letting Cas walk out the door back then, for not stopping him. He couldn’t bear losing Cas ever again, not to the Empty nor his own fears nor his damned pride.
“Thanks.” Mechanically, he reached for the bottle and took it from Bobby. From the corner of his eye, he saw him take a seat next to him on the porch of Bobby’s small new ‘home’.
Taking a big gulp from the beer, he looked around. The sun was beginning to set, painting the sky in soft tones of rose, orange and yellow as its rays dipped into the calm depths of the dark blue lake; it was a beautiful scenery, a picture straight out of an art gallery. After seven weeks of the same view every night, however, it felt even staler than the beer they’d been drinking each night. Not even the sun was able to illuminate the darkest parts of Dean’s heart, to chase away the regrets he held deep inside.
You were supposed to live a long life, find love and happiness. You’re not supposed to be here. Not yet.” He lifted his head, staring at the ceiling, contemplative. Broken.
Slowly, Dean turned around, rising behind the concealment the fridge door offered him. And there he was, standing below the kitchen lamp, the worn (but not dirty) trench coat swaying around his legs at the soft breeze of the kitchen door opening.
Dean pressed his lips together. Once again, he felt doubts overwhelm him. Not doubts about how he felt about Cas – there hadn’t been any doubts for years. Not even doubts about how Cas felt about him (though Dean still couldn’t believe it at times). Doubts about whether he was deserving of this, of Cas, of love, of happiness. He sure as hell didn’t think he’d deserved Cas sacrificing himself for his sake. He would have never suffered this much in the first place if he had never even met Dean.
“Dean?” Only slowly, the shock faded from Cas’s face, but he couldn’t hide the pain shimmering in his eyes. His voice seemed meek, lacking the confidence it had exuded only seconds ago.
Cas’s look was one of strong disapproval, but at least the tears had stopped, though they were now replaced by his previous confusion. “But then I don’t understand… If you don’t blame me for not being there to heal you, and you didn’t avoid me because of the things I told you, then why?”
Dean shook his head. He wouldn’t go there. He
Exasperated, Dean ran his fingers through his hair. He had never been good at expressing his feelings, much less to the man he had been in love with for years. Somehow, it seemed much easier to take on all the Knights of Hell at once. Or would’ve been if he had still been alive and kicking. Or any of them, for that matter. “Cas, you know why… I mean look at us. The ways I’ve treated you? The things I’ve said? Hell, even after dying all I knew was how to be selfish. It didn’t even occur to me once how you were feeling with me avoiding you. Even now all I do is hurt you. I’ve treated you like shit, and I’m aware of it. So how can I
for things, he had come to have
say things like that?” He clenched his fist, the guilt heavy as lead on his shoulders. “And please don’t make up any excuses for me. There’re no excuses for the way I behaved. I’ve always had so much rage in me, and I always let it out on you. I’ve always been so fucking selfish. And I’m so fucking sorry, Cas. I’m sorry for everything.”
Feeling butterflies whirl inside his stomach, Dean slowly retreated, but didn’t let go of Cas’s face. The feeling of his skin below his touch gave him the courage he needed to finally break out, to finally damn all his doubts and his guilt to hell. To let go of the past and look at what was right in front of him. “I’m saying you’re wrong. You always had me. Because I love you, too. Because you’re my true happiness, too, and I want to be with you – if you’ll have me. If you’ll give me this one chance to finally do things right.” Uncertainty gripped his heart. He knew how Cas felt, and Cas finally knew how he felt too. Moreover, he had finally said that one wish he had been holding in his heart aloud. He had finally bared his soul. It was there for Cas to take. If he wanted it. If after everything, he decided that Dean was still worth it, that he deserved a second chance. Even if Dean still wasn’t ready to completely forgive himself, he was more than ready to finally let Cas in fully. Cas had always seen his soul for what it really was, but still Dean needed to tell him the things he kept locked in his heart. He didn’t want to avoid him anymore, he wanted to share all his grief and joy with him. He wanted Cas to know all of him.
Bobby scoffed again. He was scoffing a lot these days. “How about you get us another beer?” Demanding, he held out his empty bottle to Dean.
And the biggest part, the reason for all of this, had always been Cas. And then he had been taken away from him. Dean had thought he’d lost him forever. He should’ve been thrilled to hear he was alive, he should’ve immediately rushed to meet him, to tell him all those things weighing on his heart.
Cas sniffed guiltily. “I’m not saying that, but still, this isn’t
Feeling tears well up inside of him, Dean closed his eyes. Bobby was right. He
, but why would the angel ever assume Dean didn’t want to see him? Why would he think that lowly of himself?
Cas was as breathtaking as Dean remembered him. His hair was dark and disheveled as Dean remembered it. His eyes were as clear and blue as the sky on a cloudless summer’s day just as he remembered them. His eyes that mirrored the sheer terror Dean was feeling at that exact moment as he realized he hadn’t been talking to Bobby at all.
He took a deep breath, placing the empty bottles on the kitchen counter. He knew dwelling on it when he wasn’t anywhere near drunk was a bad idea. But sadly, he couldn’t get drunk in heaven. So there was no way for him to even get in the state where he’d be able to silence his anxiety long enough to actually find the courage to deal with things. Why did things have to be so screwed up and complicated? Why couldn’t he live in some winter wonderland with a white picket fence and his own damned happy ending? He shouldn’t even be here. This was not how he had pictured the evening – hell, the afterglow – of his life. Not anymore. He had come to
“Then what is it?” Once again, Cas looked away, as though he couldn’t bear to even look him in the eye. “Is it because I didn’t come to save you? Dean, I swear if I had known, I would’ve been there immediately. After Jack put me back together, heaven was a mess. I was an even bigger mess, after the Empty had… I-I should’ve been there for you. But I wasn’t and now you’re… you’re dead, and it’s─”
He finally needed to do things differently if he wanted to break them out of this vicious cycle. He still didn’t know whether he deserved any of this, whether he would be able to forgive himself one day – all he knew was he couldn’t bear the pain on Cas’s face anymore. The pain of thinking Dean wasn’t and had never felt the same way as him. He’d rather die yet another time than let him hurt like that ever again.
Dean jerked as he heard the voice. His head collided with the upper frame of the fridge, but where a sharp pain should’ve shot through his skull, there was nothing. Another perk of being in heaven – there was literally no pain anywhere. Except for the pain he felt rip through his heart at that voice. That rough, deep voice. That awfully familiar voice.
He closed his eyes as the pain seemed to overwhelm him, tears pressing at the insides of his lids, but he knew that hiding away would not erase his failures. It would not make up for all the ways in which he had screwed Cas over. “And to top it all off, I couldn’t even repay you for what you did that day. You gave your life to save me, to save the whole damn world. A-And I couldn’t even save you. I couldn’t even bring you back.” He had tried everything. Sam had wanted him to let it rest, but Dean hadn’t been able to. He had tried to find a way to summon the Empty, to figure out a way to make a deal, so it would bring Cas back. He had tried the reapers, he had tried angels, demons, Rowena. He had even tried praying to Jack, but Jack hadn’t responded, not a single time. Eventually, Dean had been forced to give up on Cas, to find a way to live without him.
“This is
There was always something in him, but the room demanded his penance in other ways too. Chuck had designed it to be uniquely tailored to Dean. He spent his days hooked to the ceiling, and his nights chained to the floor, and he spilled his blood across the white, and his own white fluid on top of that—if he failed in any of these tasks the cacophony of torture was too unbearable.
“Thanks, thank-you. S’better.” Not completely but—some? His hips pumped back and forth a few times, looking for the feeling of fullness that made the pain stop, and not finding it. He could cope with a bit of pain though, right? “So, what’s the plan? How’d you even find me?”
Cas raised his eyebrows. “Really? You, you knew, even that? And still?”
“Are you seeing things Cas? Having a good trip there?” Dean’s breath came out panting, and Cas noticed his dick felt larger, hotter. With the way Dean was pressed up behind him, he felt Dean’s balls begin to draw up, tighten. “Keep thrashing, it’s doing the trick. And then this can all be over.”
“Yes!”
“Shh, Baby, you don’t know what you’re saying.” Dean stroked his wings again, an action that made him shiver and made something
Cas shifted awkwardly, “Should I… let you rest, alone?”
“Just get on with it, won’t you?” Dean snarled.
you have going? Does he play rough with you, show you a real good time?”
“Straight to business,” Cas chuckled, his fingers moving with the motion of his laugh.
“You got him?” Sam spoke quietly but Dean giggled in joy at hearing his brother's voice, and slapped a hand over his mouth to stifle it.
Cas looked up slowly, body heavy, knowledge dragging him down. “You doped me.”
“I know, don’t think, just feel.”
He screamed in enochian, desperate keening sounds, and was duly aware of his physical form being pressed down and taken while his angelic form was forced to manifest. Too many sensations from all sides that gripped him in a vice, squeezed until he thought he couldn’t stand another second and must either crack apart or cease to exist.
And Cas wrapped Dean’s cock in one hand, and manipulated the hook with the other, and arousal mixed with fear and shame and desperation until Dean spurted with a choked groan. His knees buckled, but Cas had him. The chain retracted and he was pulled free, lifted onto unsteady feet and shoved toward the wall.
Cas whined, pitifully, wantonly, his eyes fluttered closed and then slammed back open as the solid line of the pool cue pressed on the underside of his balls and further, until it teased his cock.
When morning came, Cas held his hand tightly through the swift, brutal agony of being made whole all at once. He was grateful for that too, even as his gut churned over what concoction of torture Chuck might dream up for Cas.
“Sam made his choice. If I could help you fix it I would.”
“You know what I was reading about last?
“You’re not really here, you’d help me if you were!” Cas groaned.
Cas almost wished that were the case, but as cold lube was spread across his skin it felt all too real. Smeared accidentally over his hip and thigh as Dean’s hand wandered toward his hole it jarred him, snapped the illusion that this was all a dream or a hallucination.
Cas huffed and tried to lay back down, only to have Dean clamber on top of him, jerky hands reaching for his face. Dean’s beer bottle thumped him on the chest and then the forehead.
Dean heard the Scottish accent before he saw the redhead, and gave up any notion of keeping his modesty. “One magical molotov cocktail coming right up,” Rowena said, head already bent over a bowl.
“Something’s wrong, you’re terrible at hiding anything. Just tell me.”
Cas bit his tongue to avoid making an unwelcome retort and went back to staring out the window. He didn’t know how he could be so sure that Dean’s motives weren’t malicious when the demon within was clearly driving Dean to act so differently, but he was. He’d longed for this, it didn’t seem to matter how he got it.
The pool cue swung again, connected with Cas’s midriff and knocked all the air out of him. He doubled over, wheezing through the pain and groaned as the heat from the blow spread down where he really didn’t want it to go. Dean struck again, on his back and bound arms, walked around to catch Cas on the chest a third time as he arched backwards.
Chuck had kept him awake and it hadn’t felt like a deprivation when he didn’t deteriorate from lack of it. But at home, in a bed, the hours and hours of sleep reset his brain in a way that made him feel much more human.
“Why are you here Dean?”
he thought, but didn’t say. They were mostly beyond the point of being open and truthful with each other.
Dean cupped him through his pants and
No matter, he’d probably burn the bed anyway.
“Yeah baby. S’me.”
is the best way to be.”
Dean said, voice pitched low.
Dean’s weight settled fully on top of Cas’ feet and he groaned and yanked the covers free. He punched the pillow and turned on the lamp, squinting under the bright assault on his sleepy eyes. The corners of the room blurred and glowed, soft fuzzy shadows that the light didn’t reach. Cas had no idea if it was the drugs he’d taken or just the sleep clouding his vision.
Dean bit his lip, staring at blue eyes instead of grey, full lips and a five o’clock shadow instead of a thin mouth and trimmed beard. He hadn’t seen anything other than white room, god himself, and his own blood and guts in for-fucking-ever, and Cas was like a vision in tan before his eyes.
“Lucifer is not Sam’s lover!” Just like you’re not mine, he added silently. “Lucifer tormented your brother, tortured him, destroyed his mind until he said yes. That’s not… not love.” His breath caught as a rough fuck drove the air from his lungs.
“Still beautiful though.”
Cas grunted, and tried to twist away. “What I do in the bedroom is between me and those who I choose to take there.” He didn’t add that he’d take Dean to bed in a heartbeat, if Dean would only ask him.
Dean knew that Cas understood something vital. Because something else was missing. Something he’d been used to through his ordeal.
“Not sure I feel a lot of anything, given my current condition.” Dean’s eyes flashed to inky depths, and he winked. “Apart from the urge to turn you black ‘n blue, just for fun.”
We can write them on the ground, paint them on buildings, it should still work. I just wanted to be extra careful with you.” Dean reached out as if to touch and Cas slapped his hand away.
“Oh, I understand.” Cas tried to push himself up to sitting but the heavy oppressive weight of his wings pushed him back down. “You wanted to test a
Hot breath and murmured praises. Cas’ angelic fury at being overpowered began to surge, and he felt himself heat up, burning through the dregs that remained of his grace. He started to growl and Dean whispered, “Yeah, sweetheart, yes.”
Dean laughed and huffed
The hook came free and the pain built behind his eyes instantly. It was second nature by now to squeeze his eyes closed and stem the tide of agony, a practiced movement to transition quickly. Dean crawled blindly for the plug and twisted around to try and insert it. Cas didn’t need to help with yet more intimate problems.
Cas stiffened and tried to call on every speck of power he knew how to possess to get through to the man forced unwillingly in his ass. “Dean Winchester, I command you to stop.”
. Dean’s movements slowed but didn’t stop and Cas near-sobbed because his reprieve felt snatched from him as the person swore and tried to back out of the room.
“You’re being obtuse on purpose.”
“You can’t miss me when I’m right here, that isn’t logical.” Cas looked around his sparse cabin, they lived on top of each other as it was, this one space was supposed to be his refuge when the door was closed.
He jerked now until he bit his lip to hold back the groan. Half pain, half aching arousal.
“Try this on for size,” Dean said, leaning on one arm, breath close enough to mingle, and holding the cue steady with the other. “And keep making those noises, it’s fucking hot.”
“Doesn’t… won’t lose it. Not… not when it’s you.”
Chuck slid his hand further back and he choked on the hand that held tight too close to his neck, gurgled and gasped as Chuck bent his head back farther until he stared at the ceiling. Too weak to even attempt to pull away.
Behind Cas the black abyss that had opened in the wall, closed. Cas cried out, running to it, hands sliding along the wall over and over again as if looking for a secret lever. Dean stood, held in place by the hook in his ass and the chains on his wrists and watched Cas lean against the now solid wall in defeat.
“S’fine, get outta here” Dean slurred and one hand left Cas’s hip, waving whoever it was away. “I told you, no matter what, leave us alone.”
As best he could, Dean squeezed his thighs and tried to hold Cas in place. “Nah, man, I’m more comfortable here than I have been since… than I have been.” He cleared his throat, working up to the bigger—seemed to be engorged by the minute, actually—problem. “I could help you with your, uhh, with not-so-little Cas.”
He hauled Cas close, and Cas half heartedly pulled back, relishing the sting in his scalp, chasing the pinpricks of pain that sang sweetly alongside the blossoming contusions. This wasn’t the time or place but his body didn’t seem to care. He moaned and Dean paused, momentarily, before pushing a knee against his crotch.
The previous chapter of this fic was destiel on-screen, background sastiel, and implied wincest.
“Without Sammy, what’s even the point? No point hoping without that dumbass. You know that, right?” Dean’s words were soft but his tone harsh and something in Cas curled up inside himself.
He began to hope every day could be like this. Saying as much to Cas was a mistake though, because he had to watch Cas realise that he didn’t expect to ever leave this place. And why would he? He could barely recall a life outside of four white walls and humiliating pain. Cas tried to hide it, but Dean knew he’d shown his hand how low he’d fallen. Cas laced their fingers together Dean was too accustomed to being vulnerable in that room to care that he was showing weakness.
“Can’t go cutting you loose, but I can cut some other things. Hold real still now.”
“Oh fuck,” Dean muttered, aware of what Sammy was about to see.
“You must be.”
Dean shook with laughter, unbelievable, mind numbing laughter. “Longer. Much, much longer. Seemed like… hundreds of days, years…”
“For the trouble he’s caused?
Dean throwing glances at him, urgent and filled with something more. That was the same.
Bonded. They were bonded. Again and again, over and over. First at heaven’s whims when they sent Cas into the pit for the righteous man; again through circumstance of free will and becoming brethren, family to one another; and again now, as the result of Dean’s actions.
Which was why he couldn’t let history repeat itself tonight, even though the circumstances were different from back then. Oh how different they were. There was no pride on his part, no ego getting in the way. Just his fear and his feelings of inferiority. His strong belief that after everything, Cas truly was better off without him. Though truth be told, Dean knew himself to not be good without Cas in his life. He couldn’t sleep without Cas, could barely breathe without him. But he felt selfish even thinking that way, always had.
“If by ‘through this’ you mean I tell you to go talk to Cas, and you just brush me off with those sad little puppy eyes while you try and convince yourself there’s no other way than endless suffering
Bobby sighed. “You’re breaking my heart, kiddo. Just lookin’ at you torturing yourself like that day in day out pains me. Just go and pray to him. He’ll come.”
“Dying wasn’t your fault, no one could’ve anticipated that. It was just a case of bad luck, that’s all. That’s hardly your fault, son. And Cas is fine, you know Jack put him back together and all,” Uncomprehending, Bobby shook his head, “I think there’s something else going on, and you’re too much of a coward to face it.”
Finally, he found his voice. “How could I? I kept treating you like shit, over and over again. And I never even got a chance to make it up to you, any of it. I couldn’t even repay you for saving my life, for saving the whole fucking world. Instead, I failed you one last time, you, the last person I ever wanted to─”
It felt as though time was slowing down when Dean grasped those words, and in terror he watched Cas start to turn around. His body, which seemed to have been frozen on the spot the moment he had first heard Cas’s voice, acted before his mind had caught up. His feet rushed him over the wooden floorboards of the kitchen, and before he knew it, he had seized Cas’s wrist. “No, wait!” His voice was but a whisper.
about him. “Nah. We’ve been through this, Bobby,” he said quietly. They’d been talking about this every day, ever since Dean had gotten him up to speed on what had happened on earth the weeks before he had met his untimely demise. He had also talked to Charlie about this. Of course both of them kept encouraging him to talk to him, to ‘sort things out’, but they couldn’t possibly understand that things simply weren’t that easy. They had never been that easy for Dean – for the both of them.
“No, Cas, stop!” Finally, his body responded to his signals. He closed the gap between them, cupping Cas’s cheek and wiping away his tear with his thumb. The last thing he had wanted was for Cas to feel guilty in return. It had never been his fault. “How could you even say something like that?” Softly, he caressed his cheek with his thumb as though he could soothe him that way and keep his other tears at bay. He still didn’t know what he was doing – how to do things right – but the fear had evaporated the moment he had felt his legs move, the moment he had finally touched Cas’s face.
Dean took another gulp. “I can’t, Bobby, I just can’t. Cas literally─” He cast his eyes down guiltily, the pain roaring in his chest like a starving beast, “He literally sacrificed his life for me, a-and I just went and screwed it up. How can I even look him in the eye after throwing both our lives away like that?”
Dean shrugged, trying to shake off his thoughts like a dog shook water from its fur. “Sure.” Feeling the pit in his stomach deepen, he went inside. He knew Bobby got this cold and dismissive when in reality, all he wanted to do was kick their asses for their own stupidity. Dean wasn’t delusional; he knew he was the one standing in his own way. He knew that there was no one to blame for the way he felt but himself. Yet still, he couldn’t seem to do a damn thing about it. About any of it.
Bobby scoffed, “Oh don’t gimme that crap! You know exactly what I’m talking about.”
a coward. With everything they'd been through, with everything Cas had told him that day before he had died, Dean was still nothing but a goddamn coward.
reciprocate, being a celestial warrior created for fighting, not feeling, not
“Yeah thanks for your words, they’re truly heartwarming.” He wasn’t angry at Bobby. He could never be angry at Bobby. He knew that he was trying his best to cheer him up, get him out of this dark pit he’d fallen into, when frankly, he should have been jumping for joy that Jack had brought Cas back from the Empty. That he was here, in heaven, just a prayer away. Still, Dean felt powerless. Hopeless, trapped in his own fears and regrets, unable to get out of the swamp he was sinking in deeper and deeper every day.
“I should leave─”
“The last person you ever wanted to what?”
Looking like a lost puppy, Cas stared at him, completely stiff beneath his touch. The tears were still shimmering in his eyes, a sight that threatened to break Dean’s heart yet again. He’d lost count of how often he had felt it rip apart in his chest, had always been sure that one day it’d stop beating, too exhausted from all the pain to go on. But now, he felt strength seep through his body, licking at the cracks in his heart, his soul. “None of it is true, Cas. You’ve got it all wrong.” Holding his breath, he propped his forehead against Cas’s. Cas didn’t move; he didn’t withdraw, which gave Dean enough courage to keep going. “I know I’m to blame for giving you these kinds of ideas – and don’t say I’m not – but I just need you to know they’re not true. And please don’t blame yourself, either. You can’t, you hear me? Not ever.” The thought of Cas being filled with the same guilt he was carrying around day in, day out, tore Dean apart. It was not something he could stand idly by and let happen. He wouldn’t.
The frown on Cas’s forehead vanished. He opened his mouth to speak, but was unable to get a single syllable out. Instead, he just stared at Dean as new tears formed in his eyes. Yet Dean knew these were a different kind of tears. For the first time, there was no pain hidden in them. There was only joy. A joy that struck him like a lightning bolt, sending warm sparks throughout his whole body. He felt tears of his own in his eyes as he watched Cas break out into the most breathtaking smile he had ever seen on the angel’s face. He was
“I also don’t want you to feel like you owe me. I chose to summon the Empty to save your life. I don’t ever want you to feel like you have to measure up to that, like you have to repay me.” Cas’s gaze fell to the floor, as did his voice to a whisper. “I did it because I love you. Because I couldn’t bear the idea of Billie killing you. And, I know… I know you don’t feel the same way about me. I mean, I never had any delusions about that. I always knew I couldn’t have you. I- I always knew you saw me as your best friend, nothing more.” Cas gnawed at his lower lip, lowering his head in shame. In terror, Dean realized that he still hadn’t been able to convey to Cas how he actually felt.
Trying to somehow find his ground, Dean shook his head. “Me dying was just… a case of bad luck,” he repeated Bobby’s words from earlier. Though instead of taking his words, he should’ve taken his advice, and done so much sooner. Dean was far from being at peace with his circumstances. But then again, all these weeks prior, when he had still been alive, he had assumed that Cas had been lost to the Empty forever. And without him, Dean had felt as though he had already been dead inside anyway. Especially after countless failed attempts to save Cas, to release him from his deal with the Empty.
“And I was okay with that. I was okay knowing I’d die to save the man I love. All I ever wanted for you was to be happy, to repay me by finding true happiness of your own, live your life to the fullest. Because you deserve it, Dean, you truly do. You don’t deserve to feel responsible for any of this, you don’t deserve to beat yourself up over it. I-I never meant to put all this weight on you.” Again, tears were welling up in his eyes. Desperately, Dean watched one drop slip out the corner of his eye and roll down his cheek. The pain was back in Cas’s eyes, and the sight crushed Dean. He had cried, too, back when he had first confessed his feelings to Dean. When he had first spoken those incredible and unbelievable words.
Drawing in his breath, Dean bent forward, closing his eyes. Gingerly, he pressed his lips against Cas’s. He felt him freeze below his touch, but lingered for a few more seconds in order to make sure that he got the message loud and clear this time around.
He reopened his eyes when his words were met with silence, worried that maybe Cas had zapped away. But he still stood there, mere inches away from Dean, his forehead wrinkled in contemplation. “Okay,” he finally spoke again, “I won’t make up excuses.” He rubbed his neck sheepishly. Now that he knew with a certainty that Dean didn’t hate him, he seemed much more calm and collected. There was still sorrow on his face, but Dean’s words had at least dulled the pain in his eyes. When he met Dean’s gaze, a faint smile stretched out on his lips. “Dean, you’re not the only one who made mistakes. I’m not perfect either. I screwed up too, I’ve hurt you too in the past.” He tilted his head, the smile growing in intensity. Dean felt his heart flutter; he never thought he would get to see that most beautiful smile ever again. “And still, you’ve forgiven me each time, haven’t you?”
“It’s not that. You’ve always forgiven me even when I didn’t deserve it.” He had even forgiven Dean for failing him.
Dean had never liked seeing him broken. But seeing him broken like this, knowing he was the source of all of it, tore him apart. And the things Cas was saying. After all this time, he still didn’t know? Then again, how could he have ever known, when Dean had always given him nothing but the silent treatment? How could he have
At the sound of his name, Dean flinched. He felt his heart drop to his stomach, screaming in agony even more than his body had the day that frickin’ rebar had ripped him apart. To try and distract himself from the pain, he finally looked at Bobby. The frown on his forehead made him look so much older than the day he had died. Which meant a lot given the fact that people didn’t age anymore once they went to heaven. Still, as every other day, Dean chose to ignore it. As every other day, he chose to play dumb. Because playing dumb was so much easier than facing the truth, and dealing with all these things he had fucked up so badly. “Why what?”
“I avoided you because I thought you were better off without me. I avoided you because I failed you, Cas. I failed you so badly, and there’s just no way I could’ve made it up to you. So how could I have ever even looked you in the eye again?” Finally, he was speaking the truth. Finally, he was beginning to voice all these things that had eaten away at him ever since Cas had died.
wouldn’t go there.
Dumbfounded, Dean’s eyes wandered from the kitchen door to Cas. He felt anxiety slowly seeping through every fiber of his body, forming a lump in his throat. Cas looked tired.
Dean startled from his stupor as a brown glass bottle was pushed into his field of vision. He blinked, unaware that he had spaced out. Disoriented he glanced upward, past the bottle of beer that was held out to him. Below his usual baseball cap that was fringing at the edges, Bobby scrutinized him with a piercing look. Dean had seen that look too many times the last few weeks. And like every other time, he averted his gaze.
He bit down on his lower lip, his thumb stroking Cas’s cheek again. He smiled as he felt the stubble below his fingertip, as he breathed in his familiar scent of honey and summer. Instead of hurting, his heart was racing now, beating so stupidly fast that he was sure it would jump out of his chest any second. Oh how he had missed feeling this way. No one else had ever made his heart beat this fast, had made it ache so deeply with a longing he couldn’t even describe if he had been better with words altogether. “You are my best friend,” he resumed, retreating an inch to look at Cas, who still looked utterly confused. He opened his mouth to reply, but Dean covered his lips with his thumb, keeping him from speaking. “Please let me finish. I need to say this. God knows I should’ve told you this back in the bunker when Billie was after us. Hell, even long before that.” His stomach fluttered, the butterflies barely kept at bay by the last remnants of his anxiety.
Feeling the overwhelming sensation of loving and being loved in return, Dean pulled his angel in for another kiss.
Dean had never thought he could feel as happy as he did this very moment he heard Cas say those words. He felt sparks of utter, untainted joy ignite in his body, burning away any last remnants of guilt. He would still feel guilty from time to time, he knew that feeling wouldn’t ease up that easily. But Cas was here, he was alive and he was with Dean. He had accepted Dean, with all his flaws and mistakes. He hadn’t even hesitated for a single second. For the first time, Dean had truly opened himself to someone completely, and had been accepted for who he was.
“About time you showed your ass around here!”
Dean laughed quietly. How typical it was for Cas to not get something even when it was literally being spelled out for him. Though Dean couldn’t blame him. All he had given him were doubts and hurt. Rejection, seemingly. Maybe Cas just needed a little help to not only make him understand fully, but to wash away all his doubts and reservations at the same time – and not through words, but actions.
But then, against all odds and when Dean had least expected it, he had actually confessed. And his confession had knocked Dean right off his feet, had brought everything rushing back. His feelings. His doubts. His guilt. He still didn’t know what to do. His heart begged him to act, but his mind kept him locked in place, his own little purgatory that his guilt had created over the last weeks.
Cas seemed in trance as he turned around to Bobby, who had just entered the kitchen. Weary, Dean’s eyes fell on the old hunter. Bobby’s face was void of any emotion, void of any tells. There was nothing but stubbornness painted on his aged features.
“I- uhm…” His voice was hoarse, the lump seemed to choke him. His thoughts were racing to the point he felt like he was losing his mind.
that he had long forgiven him. “And about the Empty… I knew back when I took that deal to save Jack that there would be no way out for me – and I never even expected to find a moment of true happiness to begin with. As you know.” He rubbed his neck once more in that endearingly awkward fashion. “I never meant to put that burden on you, Dean. It was never yours to bear. It was my choice to make that deal, and it was my choice to summon the Empty. To save your life. None of it is your fault, it never was. You couldn’t have saved me, no matter how hard you tried. I’m sorry you took that burden on yourself.” At the last sentence, his voice wavered.
And he missed
He shook his head. “I’m not good at this crap. At talking… at just… figuring this out. I don’t know.” At accepting that maybe he deserved some happiness of his own. That maybe, it hadn’t been his burden to bear, just like Cas had said. “I keep trying to tell you, I-I should’ve said all these things ages ago but I can’t seem to get the words out. And you’re right, I can’t forgive myself – not for failing you the way I did. It’s why I kept avoiding you because I just can’t wrap my head around how I could possibly make all this shit up to you. Because I didn’t even know how to say I’m sorry. I didn’t even know how to thank you for saving my life. Or to respond to the things you told me.”
