Steve was still frowning and Tony pressed, “I’m fine now. In fact, it was a wakeup call. It made me turn my life around for the better. If it hadn’t happened I probably never would have found that base and made my way to you…”
Silence formed between the Avengers. The only sound that could be heard was the beeping of Steve’s heart monitor and the slight hum from the lights overhead.
The boy’s insistence was so strong that Venom staggered and his host’s voice broke through Venom’s mouth.
After that, it’d be close quarter camping and no privacy.
They patrolled the city and did a lot of people watching. It was mostly boring work that none of the excitement he thought of whenever he thought of superhero life.
Steve looked from his son to his best friends and then felt his heart sink.
Tony’s hands slid down Steve’s thighs starting at his knees and going down to his hips. He then leaned into him, his hard cock brushing Steve’s. Steve threw back his head from the velvet caress and was silenced by his overwhelming need to rut his hips into Tony.
Steve followed the command without question and slid himself along the wall back to the room he’d been imprisoned in. Natasha helped James along the wall with a helping shoulder and then into the cold room itself.
Thor swung his hammer with a roar and slammed it down, knocking most in the room off their feet. Tony fired a few nano-rockets at some of the closer agents but he went straight to the imposing figure at the head of the group: Schmidt.
Wade cringed as he watched the
Steve slowly and rhythmically ran his fingers over Tony’s back and mostly paid attention how his breath wafted against the skin of Steve’s neck. He closed his eyes finally letting himself relax into the content feeling he’d lost so long ago.  His breathing slowed and Tony tilted his head to press a kiss onto the side of Steve’s neck.
Steve threw his shield at the Red Skull and then lunged for his fallen gun.
“Peter?” He asked incredulously.
When they were close enough, they followed the screams and smoke trails and came to a screeching stop in front of the building with all of its glass blown out. Inside, Steve could see Pepper Potts hurriedly flipping switches. He’d never met her in any time line, but he’d recognize her anywhere from how much Tony had told him about her.
The keypad beeped and the doors opened. Peter sighed in relief and nearly ran into the lab.
“Stark lives and, as always, he is complicating our lives,” Coulson sighed heavily as he pulled the tablet back towards himself.
Steve felt all the blood in his body rush to his face and he exclaimed, “NO!” Natasha muffled a chuckle and Steve gasped, “Why would you think that??”
Pops got to his feet and asked, “Peter?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“But you broke your promise to me!” Steve hissed.
Tony winked at him and sauntered off, leaving Steve with a racing heart again.
“Are we under attack?” Bucky demanded, always assuming the worst.
“Jarvis where’s my flight power?!” Tony growled.
“It’ll be much quieter at the Tower,” his dad promised.
“Now why in the hell did I have to find out Steve coming back from the dead from the Gooddamn evening news?!” Dum Dum demanded, his voice rougher with age but still as loud as it was when they last saw him in the 40s.
Tony’s eyes grew large when he saw Steve coming toward him. Steve just barely was able to reach the same bar Tony hung off of.
Tony took a quick shower and swallowed a mouthful of coffee before he followed Steve out into the city.
Steve began to pull away from him but Tony caught his hand and lightly kissed his fingers.
Yeah, it was both…Had to be the leftovers from Taco Tuesday…
What was he doing? Why was he playing dress up? Who was he kidding? He could not be a superhero. So many had died because of him…
“And she is curious about you and mentioned wanting to meet you,” Pops added.
“If you are my soulmate, why did you attack me?” He whispered as his eyes peered deeply into hers. His gaze was so intense with its scrutiny that she was highly tempted to break her eyes away but she held strong.
He held his phone to Tony and on its screen he saw a picture of a frightened, dark haired woman with a gun held to her head. He never met her before but it had to be his soulmate, Laura.
Tony swayed and fell forward onto Steve. Steve weakily grasped at him but his touches grew weaker with every passing second until they stopped altogether.
Steve watched it all in shock. The Goblin learned from his prior fight with Thor, it was prepared for him and know it trying to incapacitate Clint as well.
Toy grinned widely and the tips of his ears turned red again as he said, “Great.”
She had only just recently discovered the connection Steve had to her soulmate. The day she found out she went straight to her rooms and looked him up online, knowing there had to be pictures of him with Steve during World War II.
A muscle ticked in his jaw and he glared at her. She raised her eyebrows and held out her hand. Her other hand tightened on the edge of the roof as she prepared herself for the moment she would need to push herself away. She hoped her outlandish theory was right and that the Soldier had been waiting for her because, if she was wrong, then she was dead.
Whatever they gave him was making him feel sick. Nonetheless, he spun the car tightly around a curve and sped down the highway. No one was tailing them yet, but he knew they’d be on him any minute. He needed to get as much distance as he could between them if they had any chance of escape.
Tony cleared his throat and replied, “Spidey will just have to go on vacation for a couple of weeks…just so we can be sure.”
Working on it was great. It forced him to focus. To not think about the press, his dad, or anything else.
Everyone was currently breathing softly with the exception of Thor who was snoring lightly. Steve breathed evenly, willing his headache away. It faded somewhat but there was a pressure behind his forehead.
She still thought this was all an act for Tony. For all she knew, Tony was going to treat Steve like the people he had one nightstands with or he would tease his friend mercilessly. She did not know how crazy Tony was about Steve.
Clint glared out the window at the encampment of reporters growing at an alarming rate several dozen stories below. Even at the high level they were at, the mass of bodies below was large enough to be seen from their height. The archer stated, "I want to play target practice with those ants..."
The last few days he had been wondering if he was still cursed but here they were alive and…
Howard’s eyes pinched and then slowly opened. He saw Steve and his brows crunched together. He grabbed his head and groaned, “Cap? What happened?”
He had no relationship with the man but, such a parental betrayal, felt like a dagger to the heart. That had to be the reason otherwise why did he never reach out to Peter until now? Did he even care about him?
Steve flushed and Gabe, it seemed, finally seemed to notice something going on between them because he wildly looked between them and went, “Wait, what?”
“Sir…I have located more information on the Winter Soldier you will want to see,” Jarvis stated, its voice serious.
Bucky shook off Thor’s hand and muttered, “Forget about it.” He strode over to Peter and knelt in front of him. He stated, “I am sorry about messing up your party.”
Steve snorted at the word sleeping and sighed, “I guess we should get up then.
Instead, he hissed, “You have got to be kidding me?!” Of course, now he begins to be cordial with him!
“I am sorry, Son of Coul,” Thor replied sheepishly as he surveyed the damage done to the room.
The prosecution elected not to question him as they did with the rest of the defense’s witnesses. Steve returned to his seat, still shaken and nervous about the rest of the hearing. The defense produced the evidence to naysay the conviction and they had no control as to what the prosecution would present…This was only a hearing, not a trial. His lawyers had already informed him that they could not object unless they knew the prosecution were presenting false evidence.
Peter noted the physicist trying to process exactly how he did it so, to distract him, Peter dived into telling them everything he and Eddie had done in the experiments. He neglected to mention the alien symbiote fused with their shield. Both would have become wary about it and would demand it to be quarantined until they better understood it. But Peter had interacted with it and his very DNA was infused with it. The shield was no danger to any of them.
Blood immediately filled her mouth and she grinned up at him as her white teeth turned pink. It struck him dumb as memories flooded him.
“You couldn’t have used that as soon as you came in?” Peter grumbled.
Steve pushed his tiny form out of the trash with a groan. The trash bag had split and he was covered in day old spaghetti. He gagged as he picked the slimy pasta out of his hair.
His deception had created a strange rebelliousness in him. Notions about right and wrong began to haunt him and memories of another life showed him how far he had fallen.
He heard the floorboards squeak the floor below as May moved around and he heard the soft murmur of her voice. Peter backed to his wall, as far away from his bedroom door as possible, to keep May as safe as he could.
“Are there any adverse effects?”
Steve inhaled sharply and his eyes snapped open. He gasped, “They’re alive??”
“He made you weaker,” Bucky said curtly.
seen it exposed. She was speaking in past-tense, but he had thought…
he could to get Tony back to the correct future…even if he shattered his heart in the process.
“Yes,” Steve gasped, his nervousness was being obliterated by the escalating build of his rising arousal. Losing nearly all inhabitations, Steve yelled, “Yes, please, yes! Fucking please, yes! Do it Tony!”
Peering through the one-way glass, Coulson stared at the legend himself and felt afraid. The Captain’s eyes were red, his face desolate, and he was awake but unresponsive. For the last hour, the psychiatrist had been trying to get him to talk to her with no results. The Captain’s gaze remained fixed on a point on the table and he did not acknowledge her.
“Go!” Tony hissed. “Get my son to the Tower
Wade’s spine tingled with fear when he heard the frighteningly familiar huff of an angered Hulk. He collected Peter close to him as he turned and saw Dr. Banner had indeed changed and had focused its vicious green eyes on the now frozen Brock. The Hulk was huffing like an angry gorilla and the hall behind him emptied of SHIELD agents as they scrambled to escape the dangerous being.
“You’ll probably go bald before you go grey,” Jim teased.
“Steve,” Tony gasped, turning his head to Steve and Steve released his hold on Tony’s hip to grasp the corner of his jaw and draw him into a kiss. He tried to put all of his feelings into it, showing Tony how much he loved this, how much he loved being with him…how much he loved him.
Maybe-Maybe he hadn’t just closed his eyes for a few seconds…
Bucky’s frown was erased and he grinned. They naïvely believed winning the war equated to their own victory and survival.
Bucky stiffened and a particular expression crossed his face.
When did Steve die? How long had they been living in the same era without knowing it? How much time did he miss out on with him?
Tony had only sipped at his coffee and Steve nibbled at his toast.
Before Peter could respond, Steve stepped in and said, “Bruce, he just got here. Please, refrain from taking scientific samples until the fifth visit.”
She strolled past them and sat on the couch as she replied, “I kept a few mementos from my days as your assistant…and I hope you didn’t think SHIELD wouldn’t notice you carrying Captain Steve Rogers into your tower right after you were involved in a hostage situation.”
“It’ll be $50.43.”
The man had been with him since he was born and Tony took it for granted. He naively believed he’d always be there.
He and Pepper will get along nicely.
“Do you know how the bio-shield works exactly?”
And Tony was far from safe.
His eyes seemed to actually focus on hers for the first time since they were reunited. He wasn’t looking at her as an objective to eliminate. He was looking at her as a person and he stated, “I knew
Steve looked up to Tony and saw he was frowning at Bucky.
Tony grasped his shoulder and murmured, “I know…And I’m just worried that Steve may feel as you do on the inside…”
“C-Can we talk about him?” Peter asked with a shrug. “What’s he like?”
“No,” the Goblin interrupted. He stepped closer to Steve, his height made him look down at Steve. Steve adjusted his shield according, waiting for an attack. Then the Goblin sneered, “The boy is
Bucky slowly lowered himself to the floor as if standing and this revelation was too much for Bucky to handle at the same time. Sitting on the ground, he looked at Tony like he was the oddest thing he had ever seen. He gasped, “You knew?? How – Why…Why did you take me in? Build my arm? How can you even look at me? Or – Or call me friend?”
Peter texted Wade about what they were going to do and the other man was cryptically vague. All he knew was that Wade wanted him to web over to the roof of a building downtown at 8 o’clock.
Tony forwent holding Steve’s hand and lay his arm across his back and tucked his hand into his back pocket. He gave Steve’s behind a little pinch and Steve made this squeaking noise that made Tony laugh.
“You taste like Apple Pie and Freedom,” Tony murmured.
Wow.”
The next two chapters are going to be an Epilogue of their lives, going through the important moments all the way up to the moment in the future when the Sinister Six try to kill Peter. Full circle!
Peter was back and Tony survived.
“Thank you again for the assist, Spider-Man,” Agent Coulson said. “Maybe today you will come in and fill out some paperwork and remove that mask…?”
Then maybe he’d free from all this heartache…
No matter what the poor teen tried, he was unable to cure the acne.
The urgency in Steve's voice instantly had Tony on edge.
“Cap, we’re two minutes from your location. Whatever shot you are talking about was not ours,” Natasha informed him.
Okay! Enough fluff! Let's add some angst! >:D
Norman had no idea how to help Venom but he promised the symbiote to help, only after it helped him tear down SHIELD HQ. If it died during the attempt then it would save Norman a lot of grief. This was the point of its existence and if it survived the attack Norman would consider it an ultimate success. Then maybe he would start considering ways to help the symbiote…
Natasha chose not to reply to Peter’s question. She turned to Steve with a deep frown and hissed, “You of all people should know I do not want anyone wrapped up in this.”
"...Did-Did I interrupt something?" Coulson asked as he slowly strolled to a stop into the room. The damn agent must have hacked his elevator again. It was his voice that broke the silence between him and Steve.
“Was she there?”
“No –!”
Tony rolled his shoulders as he fit into his new armor. He’d just finished constructing the Mark 50 yesterday and it was going to be her first official flight. The armor shined nicely from its recent polish and all the systems checks he had running were coming up golden.
Next Time, Ch. 6: Nightmares aren't the Only Thing that can Steal your Breath Away
Peter was wrong about the texture of his lips. They were rough around the edges but his kiss was soft. It was like the gentlest of caresses, as if Peter were something precious. Even his hands held him softly. It made whatever annoyance he felt from their mess up of a first kiss melt away and Peter was lost to the feeling of being so perfectly cherished by another being.
As he spoke, Mary’s expression revealed nothing and, whenever she spoke, her voice was always soft, almost a whisper.
Tony sat up, breaking their embrace and hissed, “Okay, now I am freaking out. Is Peter dating some supervillain?”
Steve tried to hold his head up high and rise above this but…
It took all of Steve’s willpower to stay in the cage when Venom first appeared. They thought they would have to lead the monster to him but it came as if it was being pulled on a tether.
Back to the Future.
“I’m happy for ya, bub, but forget I said anything,” Logan grumbled.
“I go here all the time, Cap,” Tony replied. “It’s the only place a guy with a reactor in his chest can get any proper washing in.”
. He had missed out on so much of his son’s life already and there was no way in hell he was going to sit back and watch it end before it really began.
Tony smiled sweetly at him, his teeth and lips red, and his eyes were sad…his gaze was apologetic.
“…What?” Tony murmured in confusion. He looked to Steve and Steve shrugged just as confused.
Not long after, Tony jogged into the cafeteria looking a little disheveled and he found Steve feeding Peter. Steve had more eyes for the little guy in his arms than his fiancé. After downing half the bottle, Peter was beginning to slow down and his eyes were starting to close.
“No,” Tony breathlessly replied. “No, I have never even seen this…I need to look inside…but I’ll have to remove the reactor and I don’t know what’s wrong so I might pass out so we’ll have to wait until Jarvis gets here so he could take over…”
“What is he under arrest for??”
“Peter, don’t overthink it, over time we’ll try out all different ways we can make love,” Wade retorted and Peter nodded. Wade became tongue tied for a second because holy Taco Tuesday Peter just nodded so this wasn’t going to be a onetime thing. He wanted to make love with Wade
They dragged it out, reluctant to let go and finally end it all. Tony didn’t want to leave Steve. He wanted to stay with him...to care and be cared by him...he wanted to grow old with him. But these were his last moments with Steve and he was trying to make them count. He tried to pour everything into the kiss and it seemed like Steve was matching him in emotion. They would have prolonged it forever if they were given the chance.
Or the way they were almost in constant contact with his wrist where a black wristwatch with no face was fastened.
“I am going to tear you to pieces in front of your son,” the Goblin swore. “And make your husband watch as I eat your remains.”
“Natasha…Steve wants nothing to do with Fury or SHIELD,” Tony stated slowly.
“What do you think the outcome will be?” Steve asked breathlessly, finally finding his voice.
By his reactions to the onlookers, Tony could tell Steve was worried. Did Steve not want people to know he was with a man…Or was it the fact that it was Tony that caused such reactions in him? Either way was not good.
Steve’s hand tightened around Tony’s and he gasped, “
He almost missed the sketch hidden behind the height of Potts’ briefcase. Coulson’s heart flipped as he recognized the pencil strokes and the combined forces of shock and jealousy warred inside him.
Peter leaned onto his hand, placing himself even closer to the mercenary and he whispered, “Hit me with your best shot.”
They slept through the morning and Tony slept on through the late afternoon.
“Peter…Wade stole Cable’s time traveling device,” Friday stated in explanation.
With SHIELD and the Avengers reemergence into the world, the Avengers, their mates, and families were able to move back to their Tower…and James went with them.
emotional and private moment. The only good thing that came about this is that we no longer have to live in secret anymore and it is further proof Steve did not assault Tyler. Steve is gay. He holds no attraction for the opposite sex.”
Pepper nodded and not a moment later a glowing orange arm broke through the floor right beneath Tony. Pepper screamed as the floor tilted downwards and she and the metal slid down. Tony was thrown back and Steve jumped back, taking a battle stance with his shield.
He was trying to ignore the amount of time that was passing them by and the fact that Steve had suffered a debilitating injury and was in the hands of a known killer. He kept telling himself that his super soldier would survive because any other outcome was just unacceptable.
Tony had gone into the relationship thinking he could handle it like he handled his usual, flimsy relationships…but he did not factor in the fact that Steve was not made to be a one-night stand kind of guy. He was made to love and cherish and…and grow old, smiling that genuine smile of his at his significant other for the rest of their lives…
“I…” Peter paused and he looked at Wade’s shoulder. His gaze became far off as he sank internally into his own thoughts. He tightened his fingers on Wade’s biceps and he whispered, “I haven’t felt this way in years…”
! Before I throw my pillow at you!” Tony hissed.
“Yes…Yes, Tony, it is. I am Captain America,” Steve replied with a sad smile.
“Tony!”
“Don’t jinx us!” Tony gasped in mock horror, making Steve laugh.
She did not struggle this time and tears were falling from her eyes. She accepted her fate. It would make her death quicker. She reached up and he flinched back, expecting her to claw at his face. Instead, she lightly caressed the side of his jaw and dropped her hand as the light faded from her eyes.
Steve slept a mostly dreamless sleep but woke to the sound of a thunderous snap.
“Don’t apologize, Steve,” Tony gasped. “This is the last thing you should be apologizing for!” Then more silently to himself, Tony murmured, “Thank God for the serum.”
Tony was slow to react. His mind was still reeling from what he just learned and he didn’t want to let go of Steve. The super soldier made no move to let go of him either.
Tony was standing in the kitchen and excitedly waiting for Steve. The coffee machine was gurgling and he had two matching mugs sitting next to his laptop. He originally went on to see if anything was posted about Steve’s jog but he was quickly riveted on a new article about Tyler and was half way through it but he stopped reading upon his AI’s statement.
Natasha hit him with, “When you told him you wanted to masturbate to his photos, were you saying that only because you are attracted to his body and nothing more?”
SHIELD got the news helicopters to vacate the area so they also could not see their fellow Avenger give up the search and hunch his shoulders in defeat.
Peter returned the smile, feeling completely at ease in that moment with Wade.
This was the man who’d rekindled Tony’s life into something spectacular.
“I need a few minutes…” Bruce murmured as he peered at his handheld’s screen.
“My glorious facial hair,” Tony moaned, pressing his face into the new clothes.
“Thank me when I invent that new element,” Howard retorted.
“Yes, Sir,” Jarvis replied.
dare blame Wade for all of this,” Steve hissed. Stark’s hands clenched and his mouth twitched as he struggled with a response. Steve turned his hardened gaze to Wade and Wade quickly tightened his anus, preparing to be scared shitless by whatever he was going to say to him. Instead, Steve ordered, “Go inside and talk to Peter. I will speak with Tony and maybe we can salvage this night with our family somewhat intact in the least.”
That intense feeling rushed through him of longing and want like he never experienced before…or, at least, he never remembered experiencing before.
Awake or asleep, Tony would have experienced the sudden, voiding darkness of Steve’s awakened departure.
“Can almost see Brooklyn from here,” Bucky commented.
“Steve,” Ben whispered. Steve’s head shot up, tears streaming from his own eyes as he watched Peter silently cry. Peter’s eyes shot open and he too looked to Ben.
“I love you, Peter,” Steve murmured, running his nose through his hair and inhaled the fresh lavender smell of Peter’s no-tears baby shampoo.
Stevensville.
The familiar, teasing voice brought a smile to his face and he lifted his gaze to see Peggy leaning in his doorway.
When Steve first read it aloud, her immediate thought was for James Buchannan Barnes.
Tony was instantly frowning and glaring at both women.
Wade subconsciously looked down at himself, wishing he had changed before seeing her. His state of dress was going to make this so much more worse…
Natasha turned back to him and crossed her arms over her chest. She regarded him for a few seconds then asked, “Are you going to tell me why James has been acting so strangely or why you, him, and Tony go quiet around me?”
Steve leaned heavily into Tony and he burrowed his face into the crook of his neck with a heavy sigh. Steve’s breath was hot against his skin and his head felt heavier than usual. Tony petted his hair for a few moments, trying to physically comfort his boyfriend the best he could, until he was suddenly inspired.
Stark’s intern? Or is that just a cover?”
The door opened and his dad poked his head out. He smiled as soon as his eyes landed on him. Tony’s unconditional love still made Peter’s stomach bubble happily even after all of these years. It was a father’s love, something that had already been stolen from him twice before with Richard and Ben Parker’s early deaths, making it doubly precious to Peter now.
Peter glared at the bed and refused to reply.
Steve frowned as he looked at the oddly dressed people and their just as oddly shaped tents. There were no children so these people were not trying to build lives out here. This was some sort of operation and Steve had been with the top commanders with in the U.S. military and had not heard of any operations in the arctic.
"Jacques's opinion is an honest assessment!" Howard retorted with his mouth full of food.
Feeling and strength rushed back to his body.
He glanced over his shoulder at Steve. His blond hair was deliciously mussed and his perfect, kissable lips were slightly parted as he breathed softly. Tony turned in Steve’s arms and gently pressed his face against his. Tony’s body ached all over from keeping up in his sexual escapades with a super soldier but it was a good ache. He stretched a few muscles, loving the burn. He could get used to this.
“I think I’m already growing an addiction,” Peter whispered before lightly kissing Wade again.
She and Bucky dragged the man away as he started to hiss what sounded like nasty expletives in Russian.
The time traveler paled considerably and he repeated in a breathless gasp, “A month?”
Harry had reached out to open the door to the penthouse but he stilled upon Peter’s question. Harry frowned at his hand then looked to Peter with a complex expression.
! I-I can’t breathe. Steve – I can’t! Oh my God. Make it stop!”
“Objection, the defense is testifying for the witness,” the prosecutor stated, rising to his feet.
“Don’t be saying that until you’ve experienced a bon-a-fied Tony Stark birthday bash, kiddo.” Tony opened another hologram and stated, “Pep and I decided your birthday would be best done here at the Tower so we have control of who comes in but we need the final say-so for who those people will be. This is the list.” He pushed the holo screen to Peter and the glowing image floated over to him. Peter stopped it with a single hand and turned the list around to view it correctly. The Avengers and his parents were there of course, as was Aunt May, the interns he worked with, MJ, and the people he used to hang out with on the weekends from school, and…Wade.
“Sedated and currently housed in your old cell,” Natasha replied. “Stark is reaching out to some of the pieces of SHIELD that survived Hydra’s attack. He’s going to help them reform and have them take the Red Skull somewhere far away.”
, Tony,” Steve whispered, letting his fingers stray to Tony’s hair. He ran his hands through the younger man’s hair for a moment and remembered doing so when he was a child…but Tony was a child no longer. He’d grown up into one of the most amazing men Steve had ever met.
“Huh…That's weird,” Tony murmured, poking at the skin above his arc reactor. Steve leaned forward and saw he was poking one of the raised veins Steve saw the night before.
Peter reread the message a few times and then typed out the obvious: ‘That sounds like a date.’
unconscious.
His entire body shuddered and with a hitching breath, he unleashed it all. Bucky held him tightly and did not break away, even when Steve got to a point when he desperately tried to convince himself it was not his fault and fought against his hold and yelled bitterly at him. No matter how horribly he cursed and hurt him, Bucky did not let go.
One day, his world was amassed in bright, brilliant colors. At first, it was only pinks and reds, but soon other colors joined the spectrum, bleeding into the world like the progression of a sunset: purple, blue, green, and the such. He'd experience this new world only in increments and would return to the cold darkness like clockwork. The hours of color became days to him and the time of the dark cold were his dreary nights.
DUM-E squealed happily and Tony groaned, “Don’t say that. It’ll go to his head.”
“We can’t do this every night…the boys will start to notice if we wait until they leave…and one of them might notice you slipping into my tent or hear us…As it is, I bet Bucky is gonna give me an earful in the morning.”
Venom threw itself at the door next, screeching in fury.
Howard wordlessly slipped into the bed and draped an arm over his son’s small form. Maria’s fingers found their way to Howard's scalp and gently carded his hair. She whispered, “What did Peggy say?”
– I was looking for a photo,” Wade began with the easiest and most obvious statement. He felt his cheeks begin to heat. “A ph-photo for…”
Steve stood off to the side and rocked the baby to keep him happy. It was with this pause, he finally had a chance to pull out his phone and call his fiancé. He put the phone onto video mode and waited for his face to appear. It only took a few seconds for Tony to answer and, by the way his face took up the entire screen, Steve knew he was answering from inside the Iron Man suit.
“Please,” the man begged, the pleading in his voice piercing Tony’s very soul at the sound. What on earth? The man continued, “Forget me.
“People know who you are now,” Tony murmured, not picking his head up from where it was tucked in the crook of Steve’s neck. “Jarvis told me while we were on the helicarrier. I didn’t get a chance to tell you until now…”
“Are you giving us the birds and the bees talk?” Tony gleefully asked.
Thank you to everyone who has read this series, commented, left kudos, or subscribed!
The team grew silent again and their eyes all went to the TV where the reporter was recounting the scene between Steve and Tony.
They spent the rest of the night cuddling and sharing gentle kisses as they recalled that content feeling each other gave to the other. Tony’s worry lessened with every sweet touch.
Peter picked up his head and hissed, “
“Obie once cared for me too,” Tony retorted.
“Uh, sure,” Peter replied. He needed the caffeine to function and he would prefer to have it to be nice and warm going down.
Steve was in no way interested in Tony like that. To him, he was still the child he'd played with.
After the shower, a handful of aspirin, and two cups of coffee, Tony and Steve sat down together in their bedroom. Steve grasped Tony’s hand encouragingly and Tony held onto it as if it was his final lifeline.
The gas was turned off and an expert was promised to come in, in the morning to fix the oven and, until then, the house was safe enough to return to but…but Howard did not feel safe. Maria must not have either because she put up no arguments when he suggested they all get a room in the city for the night.
Next Time, Ch. 10: Man or Machine
“Uh…I guess so?” Tony laughed.
Tony turned the photo away and leaned it against the nearest wall before reaching out to Steve.
Wade leaned over and lightly kissed Peter. It was a tender and sweet kiss which made Peter pray that he was right about his aunt’s opinion. Aunt May did not know about his other life as Spider-Man. She wouldn’t know Wade was Deadpool either. What would she think when she saw him and his scars? What conclusions would she jump to?
Tony stepped out of the Iron Man suit and, without any hesitation, took Steve into his warm embrace.
He lightly tapped his arc reactor in his chest as he remembered his father’s other notes being the very thing that had saved his life from palladium poisoning. After that, Tony had figuratively devoured everything his father had left behind, absorbing all the information he could.
Steve took his hand and replied, “Yes, I’m Steve, Steve Carter.”
The man had hurt Steve. He broke Steve’s heart and then ripped it from his chest, crushing it further in his grasp…but that heart still belonged to Tony.
Tony chuckled and implored, “Come to the Tower. When I make my statement, I want you to be there.”
Steve stared up at the wisecrack marvel with a slackened jaw. He was beginning to question his sanity. It was cold in the twilight of the day and the roof was warm and rough beneath his feet,
Last night, Steve remembered, right before they went to sleep, Tony had put Jarvis into silent mode in order for them to sleep in. Yet, he still did not connect what Jarvis’s silent mode had do do with Natasha’s words.
“Move, Captain,” Ross growled.
Instead, a crackle, like the splintering of lightning, struck nearby and Peter’s eyes snapped open and he turned to the sound.
Peter hugged his Iron Man toy to his chest and nodded. A small smile curled the edges of his lips and he whispered, “Cause he is ah superhero, like you.”
“Yeah, I know,” Tony sighed. Steve held out the remains of the Iron Man toy and Tony tossed it on top of the other toy.
They pulled back just enough so Peter’s hand remained on Tony’s chest and Tony grinned at his son. Tony quickly glanced up at Steve through his dark eye lashes and Steve’s heart flipped in his chest. His breath caught in his throat and he gulped it back.
Steve’s throws came to an immediate halt and he turned to Tony with a serious expression. Steve’s eyes raked over him and, by the sound of Tony’s voice and his current appearance, Steve instantly knew something was off.
He watched as Tony sent the same text and photo to Bucky. It took Bucky less than 30 seconds to call them.
! Hydra could be tracking that right now! How long have you had it?!”
“Tonyyyyy,” Pepper groaned, still worried about Bucky but Tony knew he could trust him. The man seemed to think Tony was his new handler and, once he began to remember, he wouldn’t hurt him because they were friends.
Tony sat up, reaching for the coffee and moaning, “I love you.”
Was Rogers going to be in a coma for another 70 years?
Happy Holidays! Hiatus is done!!!
She agreed, “Everyone is having a good time…but where’s Brock?”
“Big ba-da boom,” Bucky agreed.
“I have lost visual for over a minute. Do I need to activate the alarm, Sir?” Friday inquired. The AI’s voice was louder and had an edge to it that Peter had never heard before.
“I love you too, Tony” Steve whispered.
Tony nearly jumped out of his skin upon Peggy’s question. He pulled his head out of from underneath the hood of the car he’d been working on and found his aunt to be leaning against the car.
Steve and Tony’s second meeting went much differently than their first.
Just as he was feeling sleepy, Jarvis announced, “Sir and Master Rogers have returned.”
Bucky’s lecture kept him, however, so he had to run to their meeting spot in order to get there on time.
They still needed to talk about it, however, because, otherwise, it would fester between them and worsen their relationship overtime. And Steve did not want to make what they had between them any worse than it already was…in fact, he was hoping there was a way for them to salvage the tentative bond they shared.
“I’m sorry, Sir,” Jarvis replied. “But it seems a powerful firewall has just been installed to Oscorp Tower’s security networks. Viewing Oscorp Tower is no longer a ‘cake walk’ as you so eloquently put it.”
Tony got up and rounded the fire until he came to Steve’s side and sat beside him.
Steve suddenly inhaled sharply in surprise and Tony followed his gaze to the wall behind them and had to stifle a curse.
“Right back ya, babe,” Tony flirted. Tony pulled him into another kiss. He was still sitting on the stool so he wrapped his legs around Steve’s hips, and thrust his hips into Steve’s. Steve hummed in approval, picked the mechanic up, lifted him onto the counter, and kicked the stool aside. Their kisses became more wild and their hands more bold. Steve knew where it would lead and his cock began to harden at the prospect.
The edge of his mouth perked. It was
“Steve…” Tony sighed, his shoulders drooping.
“We’ve been serious as a heart attack,” Wade stated, straightening his back to stand as tall as he could while sitting down.
Tony slumped back into the bed and asked, “Do you have one on you?”
,” Steve gasped his name like it was his final breath.
Bruce nodded and closed the hologram. He turned to Scott and Scott got to his feet stating, “I’ll get it. You got medical covered?”
Wade hadn't realized he'd been holding his breath until he released it when Peter's eyes flickered. He groaned and Wade gathered him into his arms as gently as possible.
Steve laughed but went back to kissing him and pressed his body into Tony’s, rocking his hips, and kneading Tony’s muscles with his hands. Tony all but melted under the touch.
Before he could second guess himself, he turned on the battery and stuck the prod into Venom. Bolts raced across the prod and then into Venom’s body. Wade cringed slightly as some of those bolts hit him and his heart stopped and restarted a few times. Wade held onto the prod though and made sure it was always connected to Venom. The symbiote thrashed on the ground screaming bloody murder. It took only a few seconds for Venom’s shrieks to be joined by another. Peter’s screams mixed in with Venoms and Wade’s grip faltered.
Tony chuckled and teased, “What are you talking about, Barnes? That head of hair looks perfect!”
Pepper picked up on the second ring, her face filling his screen. Her mouth was downturned in a frown and her eyes narrowed as soon as they focused on him. Behind her was the Manhattan cityscape, by its position, Tony knew she was in her office. Without a greeting, Pepper stated, “Tony, why did you let them take a picture of you two when Steve was in that state?? Is he okay?”
“What time is it?” Tony groaned into Steve’s neck.
Steve paled and Bucky grasped Steve’s arm sharply as if to pull him out of the way of this dark future.
right I got out of bed!” Steve angrily retorted, “If you won’t go to the hospital then I will go to Queens and drag you there myself!”
“Shut it, boss or I will shut it for you,” Natasha growled.
It was Skynet themed again about not being able to trust humanity with its own freedom, blah, blah. Same old story except this time his boyfriend’s ex-ultimate enemy was behind it.
“Very much so,” Steve murmured, keeping his gaze locked in place with an appreciative smile. Tony smirked and pushed his wet hair out of his face.
“Hey, what’s this?” Howard pulled back and grasped Tony’s left hand. Howard grinned as soon as he saw Tony’s wedding ring and murmured, “I thought that was what I felt. Congratulations, son.”
Steve cocked his head to the side, clearly not understanding.
He glanced at Tony and knew the man had caught on to what Steve was implying by the way he flushed. Tony murmured, “
“Okay,” Steve replied, his eyes only staying on Natasha for a moment as his gaze was drawn back to Tony’s smiling face. He didn’t notice Natasha’s eyes studying the spot where Steve’s hand rested on Tony’s shoulder.
“Steve!” Bucky hissed in warning.
There was a sharp clink from the window and a resounding sound from the television. He would have never thought anything of it until the alarms went off.
Steve’s heart stopped and he could barely take a step toward his soulmate before being pulled back into the darkness.
“Wait!” He gasped, “We need to stay in formation!”
Gasping for breath, Howard shakily sat himself up. the first thing he saw was the smoke rising from the car’s vents, then he saw the broken windows, and then and only then when he sat up did he feel the pull in his chest and he knew he broke several ribs.
“Yes,” his target replied wetly. “He just doesn’t remember.” She looked at the Soldier with sad eyes and whispered, “Do you?”
Steve found Howard busily directing his minions in setting up his tent. It was even bigger than the main command tent and had two openings. One for people to use and the other was large enough to fit the back end of a 15-foot truck. One was currently parked in this entrance and Howard’s projects were being unloaded.
Steve went through the flames and was moving so fast he felt nothing, no heat or pain. The ground was racing up to meet him. The countless falling drills he practiced with Natasha raced through his mind and he tried to angle his body for the best hit.
The phone rang off its bell text tone and Tony paused to hear the demands.
Tony grinned and, by the coloring, knew she had left them his favorite. He crossed the room and gently removed the delicate glass from Steve's grip.
Steve had been hurt many times throughout the years and should have had scars riddling his body but his skin was flawless. Steve’s back encumbered his vision and was huge and rippled with muscles strong enough to lift thousands of pounds. But even with all his strength, Steve had the gentlest touch with which he had lovingly rocked Peter to sleep and could make sweet, tender love to Tony. This back, which glowed under the luminosity of Tony’s arc reactor, was strong but the man it held was even stronger in spirit and heart…
Dad lightly touched the side of his head and whispered, “You…I…I know you’re upset, buddy. We’re going to get Pops and then Uncle Bruce is going to find a cure any day now…”
Peggy pulled on his arm and he stumbled back and out of the tent. He gasped, “Wait, Peggy! I wanted a word with the Colonel after Howard.”
No one interrupted him which he was grateful for, but he was even more grateful for Tony. His fiancé did little things to always remind him that he was there with a small squeeze to the hand, a rub to the shoulder, or a quiet whisper of love in his ear.
Tony chuckled and said, “You are such a sap.”
The Hydra agent flinched and then murmured, “We cannot.”
“Only one can be our anniversary,” Steve teased.
Steve’s hand shot out and grasped Tony’s. Steve gasped, “I-I promised you that I would not leave you for Bucky.”
“B-Barnes?” He gasped. How was he alive? Why was he –?
Now his eyes riveted to
Tony dug his fingers into Steve’s chest and gasped, “Venom hurt Peter, Steve.”
His eyes instantly fell on the bed but Steve was right where he left him with his hands curled at his sides and still
“Language,” Steve teased, holding him back just as tightly and burying his face into Tony’s hair.
Steve turned in the direction of the priest’s point and they went flying down the road. Father Michael provided more directions and led Steve to another church. As soon as the car rolled to a stop, the priest jumped out and Steve quickly followed.
That was
Others joined Wade in pulling but he didn’t know who because he only had eyes for his baby boy.
Don’t tell him this crazy man was the future of the team??
Tony closed his eyes as it slid off and then reluctantly opened them to look at his soul implant.
“How?” Wade chuckled, “Well when two boys, who like each other very much, get some lube and naked, they fuck each other like wild –.”
Pepper crooked an eyebrow and stated, “Tony, when you are involved, I make a list of things that could definitely go wrong, a backup list of things that maybe
Schmidt’s henchmen came in and grabbed him like they always did for his beatings. Steve kept his head raised to defiantly meet the Red Skull’s gaze.
“You alright, Cap?”
He didn’t have to deny himself with Steve other than keeping their relationship a secret from the others. They had a chance at a future together and Tony could open his ridiculously shut in heart to the man.
“Sir –,” Jarvis began to warn but Tony ignored him in favor of walking up to the unarmed man. His suit’s tread was loud in the garage and made him feel more imposing as he stepped in front of the intruder.
“Well, I’m glad,” Tony sighed. “Finally, a positive thing coming out of this…”
“Yes?” Steve called out.
The smile vanished completely from her face and Steve knew he caught her in the lie. This wasn’t a recovery room and she was not with the army. He got to his feet and walked over to her, threateningly stating, “I’m going to ask you again. Where am I??”
“Everything is going to be alright,” Uncle Tony whispered. His eyes were closed so Peter could have assumed the statement was meant for both of them but he had a strange feeling that it was directed more to his father. It left a bad taste in his mouth and he could not help but fearfully wonder what had happened with his mother.
What on earth was SHIELD doing?
“Wait, ‘
Steve laughed, drawing a smile to Tony’s lips and stopping his tirade. The older man grinned sincerely and whispered, “I thought I was going to never hear that beautiful sound again…”
It was supposed to be brief, but…he lingered… and then Steve’s hands were in his hair and he was pressing Tony into the wall and Tony’s fingers were spreading across the muscle of Steve’s back and he opened his mouth and...
Howard didn’t know what to think. He’d never had someone break in before nonetheless dealt with a robber. He’d confronted Nazis in the War but confronting this man was the last thing he wanted because he was so very conscious of the fact how close his son was to this stranger in the safety of their home.
“Good morning, Dmitri,” she murmured as she passed him in the hall. The Soldier must have made an interesting expression because Natasha giggled and said, “I think we can rule out Dmitri…Right, Aleksey?”
“Done already?” Bucky called from the treadmill.
Steve had taken his heart and trust and wrenched it from his chest in a vicious pull when he kissed Bucky back.
He thought the paparazzi were going to ruin his day but now he felt absolutely giddy. He dressed nice and doubled checked his appearance in the mirror. He patted down his hair and grinned at his reflection.
They held each other tightly for an extended moment and then separated with sad smiles. His dad stood by the back door and then opened it for him.
Steve dropped his head feeling shameful despite the uncontrollable circumstances.
Steve felt ill. He shouldn’t be thinking like this. It couldn’t be true. Tony was so excited that Steve wanted to date him. And Steve knew him well enough that he knew Tony wouldn’t fake what they shared…
“I have everything I need right here,” Steve said and hugged Tony a little tighter to emphasize it. Tony squeezed back agreeing with the sediment.
Peter was whimpering but had yet to start crying. When Steve scooped him up Peter sighed and relaxed against him. He grasped Steve’s dog tags and clutched them tightly. He fell asleep in an instant, with his dog tags still in his grip, but Steve did not put him down. He wrapped his arms protectively around his son and ventured back into the living room.
“Drama queen,” Steve chided, rolling his hips in the way he knew would make Tony’s toes curl. Tony hissed in surprise and grabbed the bedding as if to steady himself.
and seeing Steve just smile at him for no reason…other than existing. Yeah, Tony didn’t have to double think anything. His sweet, sweet super soldier didn’t deserve to die.
“Tony is my boyfriend,” Steve whispered in cautious explanation as he slowly sat himself up. As the back of his head pounded painfully, his last moment of consciousness filtered back to him. Did Bucky remember him? Or should he be treading cautious ground right now? Was he dealing with the Winter Soldier again?
Tony shifted in the bed to wrap his arms behind Steve’s head and then press his face to Steve’s. He could barely see him in the muffled glow of the reactor.
“I don’t care! You need to stay here. Stay safe,” Tony replied.
He foggily remembered a fall and reaching out to Steve but, even though he barely remembered it, he was positive that Steve had no fault in it. Either way, Schmidt probably tormented Steve about what had happened to James.
His mind was sluggish due to the cold but he knew he was in the Red Skull’s hands.
“Steve, we can’t possibly do it –,” Bruce gasped.
Steve pursed his lips and tersely asked, "How long?"
Peter would randomly check his phone and the countdown of his hours turned into minutes. Midnight was upon him before he knew it.
He and Steve dressed quickly after that, though Steve paid him back for the pinching with a light tap on his bottom as he strode past him. They smirked at each other and then joined hands and walked out together.
His stomach ached for sustenance but Steve had no food with him. He jogged to Central Park, planning to sleep there for the night, just as the homeless had done in his era.
And it broke Tony.
His phone started to vibrate in his pocket and only because it was probably Tony, did Steve reach for it.
“Peter was making fun of my jokes,” Steve whined. The hard look instantly left Stark’s eyes as he smiled mischievously at his husband. The change was so quick Wade’s jaw nearly dropped. He knew there was another side to the man but, damn! He felt like he crawled into a Stony fanfiction and fluff was going to ensue. He couldn’t help but scoot forward to be as close to the action as possible.
This alone was an absolute nightmare, he could not imagine the amount of added stress if Tony found out Steve used his image to masturbate to as well.
The preliminary hearing was just around the corner and Steve’s future was at stake. Both of them should have been freaking out about it but…all they wanted was each other. They had denied themselves already for so long…and, in the end, Tony knew with absolute certainty that whatever the verdict he was not going to let Tyler, a trial, the law, or anything else keep him from his man.
Steve wound his arms around both of them and murmured, “We’ll be waiting for you. Enjoy your time out.”
Bucky frowned but it went away as soon as Steve put a hand on his shoulder. Steve stated with confidence, “Everything will be okay. We win the War, remember?”
“One,” Venom whispered in his ear.
Peter stared at his disappearing hand in shock so he nearly missed on the edge of his vision, Pops disappearing.
“Who told you? Was it Dum Dum?” She chuckled.
(See the end of the chapter for
Where was Tony??
kill as the Winter Soldier?”
Natasha lifted a leg and Bucky’s strength began to push her back because of her lost leverage. But with that lifted leg she kicked his shin and Bucky fell down to his knee. He still had a hold on her fist so he drew her down with him.
They were in their bedroom where no one would walk in on them and interrupt their lovemaking…or so he thought.
Rogers blanched and tried to stuff his shield back into his bag.
“Aye, a good tactic,” Thor murmured in agreement.
He made Pepper CEO and devoted his time to working on his Iron Man armor and being Iron Man. With it, he was not only righting the wrongs his company’s weapons had brought about, but he was also brought people hope. He was considered a vigilante by the U.S. government and a lot of major news corporations but he was beginning to hear whispers of words like “superhero.” It made him giddy whenever he heard it and was reminded of the feeling he had as a child, bearing a fake shield and searching for Hydra in his mother’s prize rose garden.
And then there was Bucky. Where did he go? What if Hydra recaptured him? What if he got hurt or accidently hurt someone else?
“Stop flirting with me, you jerk,” Steve murmured embarrassedly and elbowed his friend in the side.
“The running theory is that Captain Rogers is a male model,” Jarvis stated.
Steve smiled sadly at his friend and whispered, "Don't worry about me...just worried about Bucky's mission."
Pepper and his lawyers were waiting downstairs and the podium where they were to release Steve’s statement was almost done being constructed.
“Hap, I’ll be fine,” Peter stated, walking away from him as quickly as possible.
He looked to Ben and asked, “Was he alright?”
Peter rolled his eyes and groaned, “Again? Wait…” His eyes returned to them and he gasped, “Wait. Oh my god, you’re both young looking! You’re – you’re the younger yous! Wade time traveled and
The sun was just starting to set and, as always, the sunrise looked beautiful against the Pacific Ocean.  He only spared the view a moment’s glance before dropping his head into his hands and finally unleashed the anxiety attack he had been keeping at bay. He hyperventilated mostly and then cried…for Bucky
Comprehension dawned on Tony’s face and he said, “Okay, can you at least wait another hour so I can get a cleaning crew to sanitize the shi-
Without looking back to the couple on the balcony, Wade ran to the elevator and followed his boyfriend.
A small window was all that connected them to the front of the car. Happy didn’t look away from the road but replied, “Just being cautious, sir.”
Steve elbowed him and admonished, “
Jarvis had followed its master in stealth mode all the way from the base. It watched the exchange between the two men and, when its master smiled at the Captain, the suit slumped forward as it suddenly powered off with an unexplainable power surge. The armor shuddered and its armor’s optics spasmed with several different color variations, making the armor visible for a few seconds. The armor shifted and its surface area changed as metal moved and implements grew or shrunk. The changes to the suit were minute but were enormous on a quantum scale.
“Something wrong, Tony?” Steve murmured.
When Cable didn’t reply, Steve looked up to the seasoned time traveled and saw him staring at Tony with a hard expression.
“Hey, Cap, lookin’ sexy as ever,” Tony slurred, brushing past him as his workshop appeared on the dreamscape in messy, watercolored splatters.
Sneaky nodded once more and flew out of the broken window. Steve and Bucky turned in unison to watch it go.
“And if you’re American, then does that mean…?”
Steve sat up straighter and affirmed, “Tony?”
Tony merely buried his face deeper into Steve’s stomach and hoped he wasn’t too late to salvage his relationship with his son.
Sophie’s grin widened a fraction for a second with the audience’s reaction and then she pushed, “Tell us about your life! What’s it like to be the son of Iron Man and Captain America? Or…do you want to confirm those rumors floating around about you and Deadpool?” She asked the last question coyly and wiggled her eyebrows to make the question sound more tantalizing. The audience ooed as if on cue and some giggled like it was a dirty secret.
were asleep. He passed a few of the watchmen and nodded to them in passing until he finally got back to his room.
“I don't think we ever exchanged ‘I love yous’ at the same time…” Tony noted in a quiet whisper to fill the silence that had grown.
But that was his life now and now that Peter had survived the fight with the Sinister Six and Tony did not disappear, he’d breath a little easier.
Peter sighed heavily and turned back to face the screen. Wade ran his fingers through his hair and murmured, “We don’t have to watch it if you don’t want to…”
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter
Tony woke with a hiss. His nightmare had him sitting upright and looking to his son.
But then he looked down at his precious baby boy and saw his eyes were open by tiny slits. He could barely make out the hazel of their coloring but he could tell Peter was looking at him.
He had cleaned up his room for when he gave Peter a tour of his place and, thankfully, it didn’t become too disorderly since then. A few wobbly steps into his bedroom and Peter pushed him onto the bed and then jumped right on top of him.
Needless to say, Steve was already feeling like crap already with the impending trial, the resulting hate mail, the insinuations brought up by the media, and, most importantly, by the very fact that someone would actually
“What is wrong?” Bruce sighed.
“Don’t go where I can’t follow,” Wade begged of Peter, staring into his frozen, shocked face with half-crazed eyes.
“…He-He joked about masturbating to the pictures.”
They started kissing in the kitchen, but, as their kisses became less chaste, they rolled against the walls and eventually made their way to Natasha’s bedroom. They fell onto her bed kissing, touching, and laughing.
“A-A lot,” Steve gasped. “I like it a lot.”
It was all Steve had been able to tell him on the subject as Tony had cut him off because they were in the middle of their fight. But it was enough and Tony couldn’t believe he hadn’t thought of it earlier. He’d been researching so many ways of helping Steve and Steve may have already told him of the very thing that could help him. A tentative hope began to grow within Tony and he separated the distance between him and the blond.
The Tesseract would be in the plane with Steve so all Tony would have to do would be to grab Steve, then the creepy blue cube, then grab Bucky wherever he had him stashed away, and then they could all skedaddle back to the future.
But Peter’s closest friend came from the most unlikely of people. Tony and his business rival, Norman Osborn, were both conscripted by SHIELD to help in rebuilding the technological sector of the organization. Norman handled the weapons portion and Tony handled the rest. They had met mostly at SHIELD’s new HQ but a few times they had met at their respective towers. It was during one of those meetings when Norman once brought his son, Harry. Tony had grumbled about it at first. Norman was not a family man and had only brought his son over in the hopes of hooking Peter. Harry was innocent to his schemes and when the boys met they instantly connected. The boy was Peter’s age and had nearly as large a heart as Peter did. Steve was happy for his son and knew their friendship would last a long time.
It was a redheaded woman with a measured step. Bucky slipped out of their embrace and introduced her by saying, “This is Natasha. She’s been helping me out and works for SHIELD.”
“Peter!”
How…When did he want this? Tony inhaled deeply through his nose and his friend’s scent filled his nostrils. He smelled good. Everything about Steve was so good…too good for Tony.
“I saw it with my own eyes,” Steve replied with a shudder as he remembered his son’s terrified face being swallowed by the dark mass.
Steve was the team’s BBQ master. There was no question who was put in charge of the grill. Anyone else would have burnt the meat or undercooked it. Steve considered the grill his property and no one on the team disputed it, not even Tony.
“Tony, please don’t do a surprise dance party for me and Natasha,” Steve sighed, knowing his boyfriend too well. “I can’t dance. I have never even tried and its slow dancing…It’s boring.” For a moment, his mind flashed back to his time with Peggy and their promised date. For a moment, he let himself regret the lost opportunity.
She spun back around and stalked toward the sealed door.
“Just the capital,” Steve said with a small smile. Warmth blossomed in his chest as he stared at his son. He knelt between Peter and Ben and picked up the Captain America action figure. He asked Peter, “Did your superheroes save the world?”
A hush had fallen over the victors and everyone’s gazes were full of hurt and pity and pointed in one direction.
In the weeks it took New York to heal, Steve and Tony fell into a routine.
“The founders of SHIELD were a part of Captain America’s creation. They have to
May rolled her eyes and bent down to kiss him on the forehead. She whispered, “I will see you later.”
Steve narrowed his eyes, strengthening his glare, and signaling to Clint to change the channel again.
Tony grabbed onto the bedframe and held tight but his feet slid back from the pressure of the shockwave. He managed to mostly keep upright and keep his eyes on Steve.
“Ugh,” Tony groaned to himself.
Bucky nodded slightly and, in a breathless voice, replied, "Me too..."
Ignorance was bliss.
He then went to the information booth and asked, “Where can I find a map of stars’ homes?”
Hulk caught Tony before Thor could leap and landed roughly beside them. Steve scrambled to where Hulk dropped Tony. Thor was at his side and ripped the face plate off Tony’s face. Steve worriedly touched Tony’s chest and his acidic fear burned into him again as he saw his arc reactor was not lit.
She went to James and demanded, “Is there any other way out?!”
Once they realized Natasha was going to keep her word and SHIELD wasn’t coming for Steve, they relaxed.
Tony jerked to a halt midstride and turned to Steve by twisting his entire body in a swift snap toward Steve. But Tony had no time to react to seeing him as Steve had run into him and knocked him over just as he faced him.
“Alright, Americans go do what you do best,” Tony said as he landed. “Hydra, I need one of you who speaks English and can tell me how I got here.”
Steve chuckled and relented, “Fine.”
Tony thought back to the emotional incidence and murmured, "No...No there was so much more."
“…Chewie?
Tony glanced at him then back to Steve and the symbiote on his back. He whispered, “I can build something with the same high pitch in five minutes.”
Peter lazily blinked open his eyes and stared at him with such happiness that Wade chickened out. He basked in Peter’s gaze for a few seconds and then he murmured, “I trust you.”
“Ah, but how long did it take for you to find it?” Bucky retorted with a cocky grin.
“You need to heal just as fast to be there for him,” Bruce countered. “And you’re not going to do that as well by laying here.”
Steve’s hands tightened on both of Bucky’s arms. One arm was normal, the flesh strong but soft under his clutch but the other arm…
Steve stared blankly at him and waited for him to continue.
Steve and the injured man stepped off the last of the rubble and reached ground-level. The man let out a relieved sigh and leaned into Steve. Steve waved over some medics, fearing the man might collapse at any moment.
“And thereby tell the entire world to get more eyes looking for him…” Tony sighed. “Coulson doesn’t think he’s even in New York any more…”
“...No, he did not,” Tony replied carefully. “I know this may sound shocking but Richard Parker was not your birthfather. Your birthfather was disallowed involvement in your life.”
“…Master Rogers, may I inquire why you wish to go to the roof?” Jarvis asked.
His rage burned deep as he confirmed it for himself. Videos of the Captain and his soulmate flooded the airways. The man hadn’t changed any since the day he last saw him and he looked so
Tony Stark, superhero, billionaire, philanthropist, inventor, and the love of Steve’s life was gone, lost to the icy embrace of the Pacific Ocean.
Tony had discovered a tiny coffee cart in a niche hidden away in the courthouse the day after he had testified and he dragged Steve to it after his session. The barista, Gary, always greeted him with a wide smile and had their drinks waiting and ready for them.
“Jeez, you make me sound like an invalid,” Tony joked. To Bucky, Tony assured, “It’ll be alright. I’ll complain and demand attention and the others will get over it and think it’s me just being a diva as usual.”
Wade chuckled and pulled him on top of his chest and fell back into the bed with Peter laying on top of him.  Wade's heart thudded gently against one of his arms and Wade ran his fingers through Peter's hair. It was relaxing and Peter felt his eyes begin to droop again until Wade asked, “But are you sure?”
Peter’s life had changed drastically since the world found out he was Tony Stark’s son but, at that moment, Peter finally felt normal again.
Tony spoke of him in the dreams, the eyepatch and demeanor fit. Fury didn’t call Tony. Tony called him.
Tony’s expression went blank and he whispered, “So it's true?”
Tony pouted, “But don't you want to make love again?”
BTW if you haven't read
When Tony returned to the tower, safe but annoyed with his investors, he was more than happy enough to reassure Steve by accepting Steve’s imploring touches and worried kisses.
Was this it?
As Tony finished his food, Steve threw the dirty bath water out of the window and then set the tub outside for one of the quartermaster’s men to pick up. He then stripped to his underthings and slipped into the side of the bed closest to the door.
Tony wound his arms around Peter and murmured back, “It’s no problem, kid.”
Tony dryly said, “Yeah, I made that little surprise if he or something like him ever happened to show up again…” Tony ran his hand through Peter’s hair and whispered, “I’m glad I did…”
“I’m so glad I hit on you, baby boy,” Wade whispered. “Every morning I wake up in your arms feels like a miracle…”
One magazine actually had a foldout of all the possible women in Steve’s life. It had a chart with over two dozen images. Each box contained a photo snapped of Steve with a woman and beneath each photo was a description of the woman and the possibility of a relationship. Natasha, Pepper, and Sharon were all there, in addition to the Villainess the Enchantress which made Tony laugh aloud again. The photo included was from the fight with the woman. Steve had his shield raised to block off one of the woman’s attacks. That woman gave Steve “the hebbie gebbies” as quoted by the Captain himself.
Steve all but whimpered when Tony went lower, leaving his abused nipples behind. He did not want him to stop. Tony left a trail of kisses down his torso and murmured in between them, “You’re so beautiful.
,” Pepper countered to the opposite wall, pointing her finger angrily at the stucco.
Bucky sprinted from the room and Tony made no move to follow him.
“Stepan may be younger but he is quicker on his feet,” Bucky rationalized. “And he can speak Russian which is the language of my safe word.”
Being back at the lab was tense.
“No, I saw the remains of the other fetuses. This can’t possibly be my – my –.”
“Well since you worded it so elegantly,” Steve replied sarcastically.
“I wouldn’t dream of it, Sir.”
His mind reeled from the revelation. Peter had been juggling with his feelings toward Wade and Peter's own sexuality ever since they started dating but now it’d come to fruition.
The American team was sending someone over to pick him up and from there he was going to get a ride back to the states.
Tony’s phone pinged lightly and he picked it up as he snickered to Steve’s reply. His chuckles stopped as he looked at the screen and the smile fell off his face.
What he saw made him…hopeful. Steve clearly was attracted to him and he seemed fine with Tony being attracted to him in return. Yet, the emotional aspect was still confusing. One moment, Steve was gulping and looking like he wanted to devour Tony whole and the next he was running away. What was Tony supposed to take away from that?
Bucky slowly let go of Steve’s hand and stared ahead with a blank expression.
“Well maybe I can help speed that up,” Tony stated as he popped off the back of Bruce’s computer.
familiar.
“I…never got the chance to ask you,” Steve whispered, curling his fingers into Tony’s hair. He continued, “What are we? I-I mean are we dating? Are you my boyfriend now or…?”
,” Steve choked on the word as the last of Venom pooled into his mouth.
“That’s…crazy,” Eddie murmured.
Through it all, Steve remained and continued to sleep.
Bucky knew Steve was street smart but Steve also was willing to overlook certain things to see the good in people. Steve knew what it meant to be a fruit. He knew people thought it was wrong. But he was acting like it was something he could live with! Bucky studied him for a moment and realized Steve
satellites. It's like they are not there.”
The hologram instantly disappeared and his husband rushed over to him. Tony’s hair was wild, his eyes large, and his face was pale. There were tears in his eyes by the time he reached Steve’s bedside and a hitch in his breath. Tony looked like he wanted to embrace him tightly but instead lightly grasped Steve’s hand in lieu of his injuries.
Wade glanced up to Peter’s father. He looked wrecked. His eyes were red and his appearance sick, like he was going to vomit, but his eyes began to burn as they focused on Wade.
“Well??” Peter demanded.
He was back in the elevator in the next minute and outside, swinging to the next building in another handful.
Shame settled on his shoulders like a heavy weight and left a bitter taste in his mouth. Why did he let it go so far? How could he let it happen?
He stayed on the phone with him until the formula was brought out.
They broke apart, gasping for breath, and Tony begged in a private whisper, “Don’t you dare leave me too. I don’t think my heart can handle losing you again.”
That night they went to bed later than usual. Steve and Tony were exhausted and, as soon as they wrapped their arms around each other they were asleep.
Tony did not mind being locked away and simply worked from his workshop. He was not building anything but was constantly on his holograms, looking in his own way for Bucky.
! You can claim to be gay and have no attraction whatsoever to women! There’s no record of you dating before the war or after! For all everyone knows, you didn’t date because you were
Steve continued to wear his disguise and Bruce had usually accompanied them. He too wore his disguise but his face was not as well-known as Steve’s so he was more lax about wearing it.
Except, Wade leaned back.
The Soldier twitched upon Steve’s name and Natasha latched onto the facial tick like a fly on honey. Could the information Jarvis relayed be true? Could this really be Steve's long dead friend?
“Animal Crackers, please,” Steve reiterated for him.
Steve laughed despite himself. He enfolded Tony into his embrace and pressed his face against his so their dark, sleep-deprived eyes were centimeters apart. Holding his boyfriend’s eyes, Steve confessed, “I wish you could sit with me…”
Steve flushed and said, “You’re a Commando. You belong with the group.” Steve stepped closer and whispered to Tony alone, “And with me…”
It was one thing to speculate or flirt…but to know that Steve…
Lost in his thoughts, he barely noticed Tony leading him again with his hand on Steve’s back until they were outside and a car door was opened for him. Steve glanced around them. They were behind the police station in the fenced off parking lot. There was no sign of reporters or a single camera.
He survived this time…but what about the next?
Peter shut the door to his room with a heavy sigh. His entire body ached and he had a shallow cut on his forehead which had finally stopped bleeding.
“…It didn't sound like nothing,” Tony murmured, taking a step back to give Steve some space. He had been anticipating and dreading this conversation.
Steve went to get up but Wade stood and hastily said, “Doc said you shouldn’t be moving too much, Steve. I’ll get it! I’m getting something unhealthy for Peter but what do you want, Steve? Stark?”
to be another way,” Bruce pleaded, stepping in front of him.
Venom slipped away and once again fled to the safety of the sewers.
He noted Steve attracted attention though. He was a handsome man after all.
“I never noticed before, but you look a lot like him. You should grow out some facial hair. You’d be a dead ringer.”
“Steve, you can’t –,” she began to plead.
Tony was nearing the entrance to the portal and Tony gasped, “Steve -.”
Tony scoffed, “What night? It’s almost over!”
Stark ground his teeth and Fury continued, “We came in here like this to take you by surprise. We did not know what was happening on the inside and we had no idea of your motives nor did we know of the Captain’s mental capacities after being frozen in the ice for so long. We could not take any chances.”
Mary’s brows were so tightly pressed that nothing could have squeezed between them. She readjusted her glasses and pulled out of Ben’s grasp. She worried her bottom lip between her teeth then turned back to Ben. She stated, “Only if it is here. Only in my lab.”
Steve dropped his head and closed his eyes, cutting off his connection to the illusionary past.
The next chapter will be the epilogue! Thank you everyone who has been reading! The journey is almost over! :)
“Ice cweam, Papa!” Peter wailed from between them.
The gun fell from Steve’s hand.
“J-J, relay the last hour to me,” Tony commanded. What had changed about the future??
Tony’s frown deepened and he pressed his face into the pillow and harshly whispered, “Don’t call me that…”
,” Tony whispered pleadingly.
“Those are all empty excuses and you know it. Steve would never do that. He’s lived with you for months and knows all your quirks. He’ll embrace them just like he’ll embrace everything about you that is amazing, and there are so many more good qualities about you…”
“Didn’t really meet them. More like I saw them in passing. They never stayed long…”
He tried to hail a cab once he got into a safer area. The cabbie took one look at him and the blood that had spilt all over his white shirt from his head wound and drove off. He must have called the police because ten minutes later he had a bright light shined into his face and was ordered down on the ground. Steve complied and, for once, was glad for his universally recognized face as the officers were quickly able to discern who he was.
As they walked toward Steve’s room, they walked close together, smiled every time their eyes met, and whispered excited flirtations whenever able. Steve’s heart felt full and he actually had to fight the urge to hold Tony’s hand.
“That –?” She gasped, disbelief layered her voice.
?? You’re throwing a party in my backyard. You were not welcome as soon as you came in with a man with one of the bloodiest kill counts in history!”
She shrugged and began to eat the oatmeal with her head leaning against his shoulder.
Bucky began to circle him, his pupils were the size of pinpricks. He growled, in that dead voice, “Why are you crying? Emotions and pain are useless as those memories you pine for. Stop fighting it, soldier. You are no longer human. You are our property. The past belongs to a man.
“Project Resurgence,” Tony read aloud. He and Bruce glanced at each other and then back to the screen. Tony commented, “That sounds interesting.”
Steve wrapped his arm around Bucky blindly and gasped, "Shut up, jerk. Shut up and let me hold you."
Steve looked incredulously at the man then peered down at the injured man he was helping. An entire block had been destroyed by a monster from another dimension and this reporter wanted to clarify
“Bucky…”
I'll update again in another week! Thanks for reading!
Sitting with Bucky in the kitchen the former KGB agents shared, Steve could see that Bucky was finally doing better. As the week passed, his friend improved slowly yet steadily. Now Bucky was talking again and asking what he could do to help.
“Yes…” Steve responded slowly, his eyes shifted uneasily between the two of them. Tony was also eyeing Peter strangely.
“Yes!” Peter gasped, lifting a single fist in the air, imitating the move Tony had made earlier.
Tony loved it.
He loved Steve and Steve loved him and they were happy.
“Fine,” he groaned and sat up. He rubbed his eyes and yawned. As soon as his hands were free, Pepper shoved her paperwork into them.
Rogers stepped away and Peter placed his hand on his chest as the knot grew larger.
The media might have been wrong about why Richard and Tony fought...It would have been right around the time his mother was pregnant with him and his father might have taken the biological sector out of spite. That is, if Tony Stark’s story was true… Peter was not going to admit it was but… Things did not make sense, like the vital fact that he did not know any of this.
“Where?”
Despite his intellect, Tony was unable to name some of the items inside. He recognized the old fashioned blade, the lathering brush, and mirror but he'd never used said items when shaving. Hell, he used an
Natasha shook her head and murmured, “I’m going to look into this. I don’t believe you. Your intel must be skewed because of your connection to all of this.”
“Fuckin' Great Scott,” he gasped instead.
, it responds to telepathic commands.”
Peter grinned excitedly at Tony and Steve intoned disapprovingly, “
“Government assholes,” Tony growled.
The darkness was immediate and that edge of fear was still there, but it was overwritten with the knowledge that he had survived the impossible and his soulmate would be there soon.
“Just shut up and kiss me!” Peter demanded, grasping Wade’s collar and pulling him back down on him.
“No!” Tony gasped and jerked forward sharply. He froze, conscious of Peter. His son grumbled under his breath but settled back down and continued to slumber. Tony waited a moment to make sure he truly was still asleep then turned his attention back to his phone and whispered, “Show me the visual. Don’t tell SHIELD a word until I say.”
Steve remained seated, his eyes still studying the room.
Tony’s fingers, however, tingled after touching his ass. Even though the touch was brief, Tony could feel the round firmness of the muscle beneath and he knew he had to touch it again.
Steve’s heart caught in his throat and he turned back to Peter and tore at the substance with a renew vigor.
Tony slid his tongue up his cock from the base to the head then swallowed him whole. The breath caught in Steve’s throat. He had lost count the number of times he masturbated to the thought of another doing this to him and what he imagined was nothing close to what it really felt like. Tony’s body heat engulfed him and he slid Steve deep into his soft mouth.
“You’d have to ask her,” Norman replied. “It is my employee’s business is not mine.”
Peter eventually began to feel a little dizzy. He easily rationalized it was probably because he hadn’t drunk any water in a while but had been sampling a lot of the sugary treats found around the room. He leaned against the bar and asked Natasha, “Can I get a glass of water?”
“Come in,” Ben ushered them, his face suddenly ashen.
“…Would you like to hear about the latest Stark Enterprise Stock Exchange prices or the rising attention in the media to your date last night?”
Wow. If it would take two hours to get to Malibu by car then running was probably only going to take an hour. He blazed on ahead, energized by the notion and only stopped when he reached the ocean. He took a deep breath of the salty air and then released all the smog and car exhaust he’d been breathing in, in one big exhale.
Steve looked up from the laptop in surprise. Did he hear what he just thought he heard?
Peter whopped and scrambled out of the pool. Stepan looked at his parents in confusion.
Leaving the man who loved him enough to risk his own future…
With such tense muscles in his arms, he suddenly felt warm blood begin to ooze down his arm as another stitch popped.
Tony chuckled, “Ah, these must be Jarvis’s protege. Should I take over?”
They didn’t know where that portal led and with that bomb…
Elbow deep in his Iron Man suit, Tony expected to be busy in his lab for the rest of the day. His music was playing on shuffle and he was humming along nonsensically with the tunes and randomly tapping his foot with the base beats.
He froze the image on the screen and ran a finger down the angle of his jaw.
As she closed the door behind them, she heard Peter’s breath hitch and knew the clicking of the lock woke him. She paused and honed in her hearing again.
Steve nodded and said, “Yes, I want to go home.”
“Wade –,” Peter began.
“Sir, I believe I may have found one of the subjects on your Priority List,” Jarvis stated and Tony sat up sharply.
He didn’t really have any experience on how to react.
“Peter stopped him,” Steve whispered, tracing his son’s form on the screen. He turned to Bruce and Steve clarified, “They
“Well, consider me surprised! Um, this is my friend, Sam Wilson. Sam, this is Tony,” Steve introduced them to each other.
Thor seemed to be handling the rest of the Hydra agents and was laughing at their attempts to overpower him. Tony did not even spare him a glance but haughtily stated to the Red Skull, “You might be physically stronger than me but you’ve lost. Face it Skeletor, you’re done.”
“Jeez, kid,” Tony finally gasped. “You shaved three years off my life.”
“I can provide all of that,” Peggy volunteered. She stepped out of the tent and Jarvis went to follow but paused beside Tony.
Venom screeched inside his mind and tore away at his psyche with its sharp claws.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony grew up, thinking the man didn’t care about him but…but the man had.
“What to do think?” Steve asked, wrapping his arms around the smaller man. Steve stooped his head toward Tony as Tony smirked.
Wade’s story led to Peter telling him about how he became Spider-Man and his Uncle Ben’s death.
“Sir’s communication module was destroyed when they encountered a man at the end of their hall. I lost contact with him when he attacked,” Jarvis relayed over the comms.
“I’m asking you to choose
“We’ll show you,” Steve said and nodded for him to follow.
Peter slowly pushed himself in, moving gradually and with care. He didn’t want to hurt Wade even though he knew about Wade’s healing ability. Wade felt…touched. He reached up and cupped Peter’s face. Panting shallowly, Peter’s eyes flickered to him and fastened onto his gaze. That emotion was there in his gaze again. Wade dared not to name it out of the fear of being wrong but…but the way Peter gazed at him reminded him of the way he’d look at Peter and…he
“More than you can imagine,” Peter groaned as he thought of his nightly patrols as Spidey and there was a louder chuckle this time from the audience.
The Tower was surrounded by a mass of media but they bypassed it all by pulling into the private garage. A great sense of relief flowed through him as the reporters disappeared and he was surrounded by the familiar walls of his home. He was safe and, for a little while, he could escape the awfulness of the coming trial.
Tony nodded, unable to voice a reply due to his clenched jaw. He forced himself to stay rooted to the spot as the friends departed, leaving the decrepit house and Tony feeling just as decrepit as the building around him…
Lot's of emotional ups and downs and this chapter is longer than usual so I hope you enjoy it! :D
“It’s a yes or no, Deadpool,” Fury grumbled. “By everyone’s indirect answers I can tell that’s a ‘yes’ and I’m talking to a younger Cap and Iron Man. What year are you two from?”
“I’m sorry?” Tony asked.
Thor was incapacitated and writhing on the floor. Something, a black circular device, was pinned to the center of his chest and electrical currents ran all over his body and randomly shot out of him.
Natasha’s gaze revealed nothing but Clint’s eyes flickered with sorrow as he looked at Steve and Bucky. He demanded, “Is this a hostage situation?”
Steve smiled gratefully at him and Peter looked away, still unsure how to feel about him being there…
“…About?”
Peter lifted his arm to look at the dark accessory with surprise and murmured, “Would you look at that…I wonder why this stayed here?”
Peter nodded furiously and Wade grinned. He slid his hand over the back of Peter’s head and pulled him down, whispering, “Let’s come together.”
The first booming sound made Steve almost trip over his own feet and he immediately spun around to look to the building he’d just ran by. The relative peace of the area made him complacent. He’d grown used to it and was completely thrown by the noise.
And the clock strikes midnight and we won't find out what happens until next time! XD
“The man who goes by ‘Solo’ is being booked by the police right now,” Jarvis announced and Rogers flinched down as if he thought Jarvis was going to swoop down on him.
Once again the defense presented their evidence first.
He even opened his mouth and was about to push himself out of his chair but stopped himself.
“Not anymore,” Steve murmured indignantly. He had not worked for SHIELD since Hydra was discovered in their ranks. He and the Avengers may work with them whenever the world was in peril but they no longer took orders from them…
“How…?”
Eddie smiled sadly and replied, “Mr. Hyde is under control.”
Tony dropped his head and stared at his hands as he said, "That a day hasn't gone by since he was born, when I haven't thought about him...Even when I was in the hands of the Ten Rings, and thought I was going to die, I was thinking of him and the man he'd be.... I told myself, when I got out, that I'd find him and tell him everything. But I was too much of a coward to follow through." Tony sighed heavily and continued, "...And I wish I had fought for him...and I had helped raise him...It will always be the biggest regret in my life.
Steve went straight back to the apartment, running along the beach to get there.
Tony stumbled off the stage with his hand raised to his mouth to stifle any sobs that might escape. Pepper rushed up to meet him and grabbed him, taking on the majority of his weight.
A flush blossomed on Peter's face and he murmured, “I've actually never done a strip tease before…”
“Stepan-not-Stepan,” she murmured teasingly when they finished and put the plate in the sink. The name was imperfect and he could feel the actual one waiting on the tip of his tongue, ready to roll out. But he was positive she would help him remember it.
He saw the understanding dawn in Steve’s eyes and the super soldier wordlessly got out of his chair and slid into the bed beside him. Tony moved to give him more room and Steve molded into him. He lay his head on Steve’s arm with a heavy sigh and Steve wrapped his other arm around his torso with a chuckle. Their eyes met and they obliterated what little distance there was between them and kissed.
“God, Steve, Steve, God, fuck, Jesus, Steve, you, God, I just—I’m gonna’, Holy fuck, Steve, don’t move, God, arghnugh—“ Tony was mumbling, seemingly wholly unaware of what he was saying. Steve reached up and cupped his jaw gently, guiding Tony’s eyes to his.  Tony’s thrusts became totally undone at that point, wild and punctuated with Steve’s name as Steve spread his legs wider and shifted his hips up slightly, altering the angle just enough that the head of Tony’s cock brushed across his prostrate with each thrust.   Steve threw his head back with a groan and flung one hand over the headboard, one hand captured under Tony’s at Tony’s hip, burrowing deep with each thrust.  Tony came with a last brutal thrust, hips, Steve’s hands clamping down sharply as Tony’s hips snapped wildly a few last times as his orgasm took over, leaving him shaking with the effort.  Steve felt the warm rush inside him, odd, but pleasant, as Tony shouted his release at the same time Steve came all over his own stomach, jerking slightly as he did.
Don’t, Steve thought, but said nothing as Tony walked into the circle.  Instead, he followed, feeling his robes flow over the dewey grass. He undid his veil and hooked it to the side, taking in a deep breath.  The air was pungent and earthen up here, he noticed, like fresh-turned soil, but nothing seemed to have been disturbed in eons. He watched Tony walk from stone to stone, then stop in front of the strange, golden-threaded one.
“That’s a nice choice,” the salesman said approvingly.
“Wonder what distracted you?” Bucky said sarcastically, giving Tony a look.  “When I said to be bold, I meant like a carriage ride through the park, not moving in with him, for Christ’s sake.”
“See that girl up there in the wagon?  Thin little mousey thing?   She was to serve a young Lady in a fine house.  Have three meals a day.  A warm bed at night.  If she worked hard and served well, not a bad life, but as she is imminently replaceable and you are, sadly, not…” the Lord said, turning to Rumlow.  “I trust the girl is sufficient payment for your injury?”
“This is the suit,” Steve continued.  “Tony is Iron Man.”
“Did I look for other ways to earn a living before I settled on taking my clothes off?” Steve asked archly, one eyebrow raised.  “Yes, Tony.  I did.  Figured I’d use my degree to find something with a military contractor after I got out, but they weren’t hiring.  Or, they weren’t hiring me, anyway.  And, it turns out, an education in understanding the people you’re trying to help or trying to fight, outside of military applications or academia, which I don’t have the resume for, turns out to be fairly useless,” Steve continued, then shook his head.  “It isn’t so bad, really.  The club, I mean.  You can make a lot pretty quickly doing this.  Most of the customers are nice, just looking to have a good time.”
“Feels a bit like it is, what with the whole my name literally spelled out on the things that killed those soldiers. Hard to really pawn that one completely off on Obie,” Tony said.
“No, but we buried my friend Bucky up to his neck once, and put some leaves over his head and when the other kids came by, he’d jerk his head out of the leaves and holler at them,” Steve told him, grinning widely at the memory. “I thought his mother was going to murder both of us when she saw her only child with his head sticking out of the mud, shouting at the Lawler twins as they ran down the trail screaming their heads off.”
“It’s not—“ Steve tried, the effort unheeded, because he didn’t know what it wasn’t. It was something. Something that he needed to get out of him and did not know how.
Behind him, the alien stiffened, made a high-pitched noise and threw his head back, his hands clenching at Tony’s stomach.  Then, Tony felt...something...something large and hard and
A very big yes.
.”  It was sixteen past now.  He didn’t need to look at the clock.
Maybe Tony saved jewelry for special occasions.  There was that gala coming up that Coulson said Fury wanted him to attend, not that he really wanted to, but he understood the glad-handing part of the job probably better than most.  He should mention the gala to Tony.  It was for SHIELD, so Tony would have to say yes, Steve figured, then felt guilty at how excited the thought of a night out with Tony on his arm made him.
Muffled voices carried out into the hallway from the study.  His father’s rapid-fire of ideas talking over everyone.  Obie’s deep drawl.  His mother’s lilting laugh that always sounded like champagne bubbling over a crystal flute in Tony’s mind.  All those months ago, he’d stood outside these same honey-colored doors and listened while they negotiated his life away with Fury and the parade of hardware-wearing Alphas who showed up with him.
“Sounds good.  Sounds real good, Tony,” Steve agreed, standing up and starting for the door, which was still open into the small hallway between their apartments.  “Thanks for taking care of those kids from 2B.  I know the brother’s a little, ah.  Prickly.  But, they’re good people.  And the temp’s going to really drop tonight, so they’ll be glad for the hot water.”
And then Steve did know what to do.  Or, what he wanted to do.  He wasn’t sure which one it was anymore.  He leaned down and kissed Tony.  Kissed him the way he’d wanted to, all those years ago when Tony had looked up at him from a New York street, wonderfully, beautifully alive.  He kissed Tony the way he’d dreamt of when he watched the Malibu house explode on television, with fear and relief and blinding certainty that this was everything that mattered. He kissed him the way he wanted to at Clint’s farm, when he was angry and scared and wondering if he’d missed all his chances at anything that wasn’t a fight.  He kissed him how he’d wanted to that day in Berlin, filled with regret and pain and self-loathing because he had screwed everything up, and he’d failed Bucky and Tony both. Everything he’d wanted to say, everything he’d felt all these years, it all poured out of him.  Tony tasted like heat and metal and salt, and it was everything Steve had ever wanted.
“Tony,” Bruce started, then seemed to have nothing else to add when Tony didn’t look up at him.
“Oh, yes!  It arrived this morning,” Pepper said, reaching into a black leather bag next to the table and pulling out a small box, which she handed to Tony.  “Fabricated yesterday, per your request, Mr. Stark,” she said with a knowing smile.
Tony looked down at the watch that glinted from his wrist.    It wasn’t exactly what he hoped for, but it was undeniably beautiful.  He should probably start looking at other things the same way.  Be satisfied with something unexpected and wonderful in its own right, and quit wanting things he couldn’t have.
are going back to your Tower,” Steve objected sternly, bless his heart, Tony thought with a bubble of almost-laughter. He was giddy, slightly punchy with it, he knew. Steve was an idiot, sure, but Steve was an idiot who loved him. Loved him enough to try to walk away because he thought Tony wanted or deserved someone better. Better, Tony humphed. God, Steve, you self-sacrificing ass, Tony thought with a rush of fondness. I'm going to fix this, come hell or high water, so you're just going to have to deal with it.
“Anthony!  Oh, its—it’s so good to hear your voice.  Happy Birthday!” she replied breathlessly.
“Of course, Your Grace,” Rhodes said quietly, pulling his horse around. The rest of the team dismounted in silence.  Steve handed his reins to Natasha, while Tony gave his to Clint, who just rolled his eyes, but a small, sad smile flashed across his face as he wound the cords around his hand.  His sword and shield he gave over to Thor, who’s large hand thumped down on Steve’s shoulder, clapping it twice before he released Steve with a slight shake.
“You’re beautiful,” the King whispered into the sweat-soaked skin at Steve’s neck.  “Look at you.  I could do this all night, and not get tired of looking at you.  Capacity.  Energy.  Length.  Thrust,” the King said, canting his hips forward so Steve felt the hard length of his erection against the opening of Steve’s ass and giving Steve’s cock a particularly hard tug with one hand while the other did the same to Steve’s balls.
“Yeah,” Tony said, letting out a long hiss of air as he leaned back, staring at the ceiling again, this time for a very different reason.  “I know.”
“Good,” Steve said after a pause where it seemed neither of them breathed.  He looked over at Tony and caught his eye.  “That’s good, right?  What you wanted, I mean.”
“Is that what you're building out there in your garage? Robots?” Steve asked, still grinning like this was Christmas, and Santa gave him a stocking full of idiot Omega.
“It belonged to someone else, once. A long time ago.  And then, many someones, I suppose, but the first...the first was different,” Tony told him.  He brushed a hand over the ruby, then down Steve’s chest until it settled just over Steve’s heart, which leapt in his chest, pounding so hard that Steve was sure he could see Tony’s hand pulse with it.  The air in the room had gotten thick.  Heated.  It crackled with something, alive, waiting, breathless, like the air before a storm. “Someone special.”
Tony broke his mouth away and glanced down at the space between their bodies.  “So sensitive,” he grinned, waggling his eyebrows.
With a small groan, Tony pushed himself up and out of bed, nearly tripping over his shoes where he had toed them off the night before after retreating to his room.  When he opened his bedroom door and peeked out, the hallway was clear.  He darted to the bathroom and took care of his bladder, then washed his hands and stared at the figure in the mirror.
Tony had nice hands.  Long-fingered and elegant, like a piano player. But, embedded against the nails and sometimes in the grooves of his knuckles, were dark stripes that he clearly tried to wash off, at least for Steve’s benefit last night, but didn’t quite manage it.  Hands that built things, incredible things, hands that worked and created. For a moment, Steve looked down at his own hands.  They were clean. Neat.  He supposed there was irony there somewhere.
“Yes, but, come on, we both know all the mistakes I’ve made, the laundry list of character defects, this whole idea, it’s—well, outlandish and…fantastic, but, what I’m saying is--oh, you’re--okay, so we’re—we’re doing that, okay--” Tony muttered against Steve’s lips.
“Anyone else have non-insane, actually useful suggestions that don’t involve communication or talking about feelings or any of that nonsense with my fake significant other?” Tony asked, looking around at each of them. Rhodey raised his eyebrows and cupped a hand over his mouth, slowly shaking his head back and forth.  “You’re all fired.  Rhodey, I want my friendship bracelet back.”
“Did you hear?” Tony burst out as soon as he and Steve were outside the building after saying their goodbyes to Professor Thorne and his students.  It was late.  Tony actually had no idea what time it was, but it was dark and the street was clear of traffic.  He probably should be exhausted, but he was too jittery with exhilaration to be tired, nearly bouncing down the steps towards where Happy waited with the car.  “Professor Thorne wants to tell the NSF—uh, the National Science Foundation—about what I said.  The NSF!  Can you believe it?  He said they might want to publish something.  Just maybe like a Review Letter or whatever, not a full-on paper, but still.”
“Ho, ho, ho!  Mehhhh---rrrrry Christmas!” a voice boomed, and Stane was there, carrying a bottle in one hand and two wrapped gifts in the other.
“Not going to say I’m not absurdly happy about that,” Bruce admitted. “Okay, so no more nausea then? Cramps or muscle spasms?” Bruce asked, going down his checklist of questions as Steve shook his head. Weight and blood pressure checks were next, then Steve hopped up on the exam table and lifted his shirt up, shifting down the elastic waist of his pant so it sat low on his hips. Bruce took out the ultrasound transducer and a tube of gel, which he squirted liberally over the round curve of Steve’s stomach.
“I just, well…I thought it should be Tony Stark, so I gave Deirdre a couple of sketches, just ideas, really, nothing that you’d want to use of course, but…well…” Steve stopped himself and looked up at Tony.
Steve stared at him, his mind turning Tony’s words over and over like a spinning wheel, weaving long threads of thought together.
“True,” Tony admitted.  “Can we just blame Howard for now, though? I haven’t even had my won-ton.”
Tony was quiet again, this time, for such a long stretch that Steve started to worry he’d said the wrong thing.  Then Tony grunted, cleared his throat and hummed, almost curiously.  Steve could picture him, leaning back against a leather sofa in front of a fire, with the mountains and lake out the window, just like the ones he had loved as boy, except now, the adventures were real.
“There also appears to be damage to the oxygen filtration system, Sir,” JARVIS announced.
“It’s true,” Tony insisted. “I’m telling you, and in a minute, my lawyer’s going to be telling you, you can’t talk to him.”
Steve would’ve told him no, but Tony’s hand wrapped around the base of Steve’s cock, and Steve choked on the word and managed a harsh, garbled half-cough instead.
“You’ve been in this business your whole life.  You know how the black market works. You know—you know these straw companies are, how they move product, Tony, you know this is how it happens, you
“Pretty sure that’s a big not going to happen,” Steve said, his smile going flat.
With a sigh, he ducked into the cave and knelt in front of the Stranger, waiting.  As always, the Stranger didn’t know how to signal him with a tap on his shoulder to indicate it was acceptable for him to raise his eyes.  Instead, the Stranger made sounds. All kinds of sounds. Long, humming strings of sounds.
“Because we’re married. He’s my husband. Last night. Vegas tradition, right?” Tony blurted out. “So, that’s a thing. A privilege thing. He can’t talk to you. Because of the being married to me thing.”
Steve gripped his knees to his chest, making pale, white impressions appear where he held them in a deathgrip. He kept taking in sharp little gasps of air each time Tony plunged in, his body straining against the implacable grip of the armor until he finally let go, all the tension running out of his body, giving himself over to Tony completely as the armor kept him in position.
“Do you think we’re wrong?” Steve asked.
“You’re in so much trouble,” Tony replied with a teasing smile.  “I’m going to have to talk to Rhodey.  He should hear it first. Well, after you.  I’m shutting down SI’s weapons division.  At least until I get a handle on all this.  They were using my stuff, Steve.  It literally had my name on it.”
“Me neither.  There.  See?  We’re compatible,” Tony said.
“Yes, Your Highness?” the older one, Peran, Steve remembered, asked, stepping out of the alcove and snapping to a smart stance.
“Good, Tony,” Steve replied.  His voice was rough and sleep-roughened, his mouth a bit dry and parched, but he did feel good overall, if a little tired.
“None of it helped Yinsen,” Tony continued, ignoring Steve’s offer of absolution.  “Or his family.  None of that matters for shit to the people in Gulmira, staring down terrorists pointing my guns at them.  That’s on me.  I don’t care how you want to parse it.  I was too busy being Tony Stark, billionaire, genius, activist, philanthropist, Tony Stark, to notice little details like, I don’t know, money laundering happening at my own damn company.  Tell me you wouldn’t feel the same if it was SHIELD double dealing on your watch?”
“We don’t abandon a mission until we’re sure it’s done,” Steve objected, voice going hard as he stared back at Bucky, but damn it, he could hear the lack of conviction in his own voice, and he knew Bucky could as well. “I want to go back just as much as everyone else,” Steve snapped. That, at least, had the benefit of being true, and it momentarily cut off whatever it was Bucky had planned to say, though not for long.
Tony stood at the pedestal, gripping the sides of the bowl in his hands as the cloth burned.  Above them, the moon drifted on, lifting its veil, and the light began to spread across the valley once more.  Soon, the sun would cover the balcony, and Tony would have to disappear into his shadowed realm again, with his stone statues and mechanical birds.  A deep well of pity opened up at the thought. He didn’t want that for Tony.  He didn’t believe Tony wanted that, not really, much as he might argue that he did.
“Actually…you know, I don’t think there is,” Tony replied.
“Not…ever, no,” Tony replied, making Estes’ smile falter, though the guy recovered quickly enough.  Someone like that usually did.  “So, you’re into prosthetics.”
“Just the handsome ones,” Steve quipped.  Tony gave a low bark of laughter and went back to eating his dinner, though some of the tightness had drained from his face.
“Well, then.  How about…” Tony trailed off, considering.  “Second star to the right.”
He wasn’t sure he wanted to face Bucky right now.  He wasn’t sure he was ready to deal with everything that had happened tonight, but knew he couldn’t hide anything from Bucky.  Never had been able to.
“Don’t worry, I’m just glad you’re okay,” she said with a shaky, tittering laugh, like she wasn’t quite sure how to process the wrongness of what she was seeing, the way the needle on a record player skips a groove and then finds the track again.  “These buildings have been spackled and patched more than my mother-in-law.  I’m sure maintenance can fix it in no time. Just toss those in the trash, would you?”
“Quera,” the man smiled.
“We’re—we’re together,” Steve stammered.
In the moonlight, the man seemed very pale, his skin so ethereally white that for a moment, Steve thought he might be a statue, though he had never seen a real statue other than the fat, gray gargoyles that sat atop the town’s little church.  But, Steve’s mother said there were places with statues made out of stone as white as snow, and that was his first thought, looking at the man in the road.
“Sure, sure, if that’s the way you want it,” Brock agreed, downing a long sip of beer with a slurp.  “Hey, so, here’s what I was talking to Jack about last night for the business…”
“Night, then.  Colonel, nice to see you,” Steve said as he departed.  Tony watched his back until he disappeared into the guest bedroom and shut the door, then turned back to see Rhodey doing the same thing, though, granted, Rhodey was probably thinking very different thoughts.
“Yes.  I think so.  I hope so,” Tony said.  “Look, Obie, not that I don’t appreciate this whole manly bonding moment thing we have going, but the Board meeting is in a couple of hours, and I’d really like to go over—“
“What am I doing in your Lord’s bedchamber on your wedding night?” Tony finished for him.
“Promise to save you at least three slices.  Plus all the mushrooms,” Steve responded with a straight face, already imagining how he could arrange them to suggest Modigliani.
“And I believe you did it because you’re you.  You’re a better man than you give yourself credit for,” Steve said. “If you would just—"
“I think I’ll stick with the blade,” Steve said, shaking his head and wrinkling his nose at the putrid scent. He walked over to a basin that caught a font of water as it flowed out of a fountain in the wall and used one of the soft cloths stacked next to it to rinse off, then followed Cam to the next room, where high tables with carpets spread on to  p stood in the center under the domed ceiling tiled with blue and painted with stars.
No ship had appeared, not once. Though, Steve had mistaken a low-hanging cloud for the puff of sails in the distance around the fourth day and nearly fallen out of the boat in his excitement.  He was hoarse from talking and singing, and tired. So tired he could hardly think straight. Between the heat, the rowing and the lack of fresh food, their little adventure was taking its toll.  Shellhead kept giving him grim, distressed looks, though he was off somewhere this morning. Probably feeding, Steve assumed, though he missed having his friend around as he rowed. It always seemed to help to pass the time, just to have Shellhead near.
“You like that story?  Well, okay—calm down, would ya, you’re going to sink us, if you go on like that,” Steve admonished lightly.  “Okay, well…let’s see…Captain Rhodes, he’s a War hero, alright. Navy was always more integrated than the Army.  They never really had colored divisions like we did, but he’s the first to make it that high, as far as I know. Lincoln himself commissioned Rhodes after he stole a Confederate steamboat loaded with ordinance and supplies from right under the noses of the rebels at Fort Sumter by pretending to be a Confederate Captain. Even put on the uniform and everything. From a distance, no one could really tell, not with the hat and all, and the way Sam told it, Rhodes had memorized all the signals the Rebs were using.  The crew was all slaves, so they didn’t mind. He got out of the harbor, and the Union blockade is there waiting, right? And so, they’re getting ready to fire when Rhodes raises the white flag and supposedly shouts, calm as you please, ‘Good morning, sir! I have brought you some of the old United States guns!’ Pretty damn gutsy, I’d say. Anyway, Lincoln was so impressed, he made him a Captain, and now, I guess that’s how he ended up with the
Steve’s mind spun in a heady daze of sensation.  His heart still pounded in his chest like a bird’s wing.  Blood roared through his ears.  The metallic taste of his own blood mixed with the taste of Tony, new and different and more enticing than he could have imagined. His hands clutched at Tony’s back, grasping for purchase in the folds of Tony’s coat.
“Here,” the man said, extending a hand to help Steve up.  Steve hesitated a moment, then reached out and took the man’s hand. His grip was like steel and he pulled Steve up like he weighed nothing, though Bucky often said he had wet shirts that weighed a stone more than Steve.  The man’s skin was cold enough to make Steve’s eyes widen in surprise, though it was a chilly night and the man wasn’t wearing a cloak or gloves or anything like what you might expect of a traveller.
Tony watched them file out, then leaned back against the cushioned seat and looked out at the Strip glittering below.  Talk to him.  To Steve.  Hey, Steve, how about we just keep on with this whole married thing for a few months, or, you know, as long as we both shall live, yadda, yadda, whatever.  Oh, and sorry about that whole fifteen years or so where I was too busy with my robots and my dick to notice my walking Daddy Issue was selling weapons to terrorists.  You, on the other hand, might have noticed that when they killed half your squad.  Yeah, great, did you catch the branding then?  We spent a lot of money on that logo.  Wanted to make sure it could be seen.  Good, old Stark tech.  Wouldn’t want any one of the grunts not to know what they were getting, after all. God, he was so screwed, Tony thought with a grim sigh.  The longer he waited to explain the extent of things to Steve, the worse it would come across when he finally did, he knew, but he also couldn’t risk Steve bailing in the middle of this.  Far too much was at stake.
“That’s classified.  The stuff you said,” Steve said.  He could feel a buzzing whine building in the back of his head.  Not just hear it, but feel it.  It made him want to shake his head until it stopped, cover his ears with his hands, something.  Breathe, Sam would say.  Focus.  Find order.  What’s the first thing on our to-do list?  Breathe.
“You think Fury sleeps hanging from the ceiling or what?” Tony asked as he sauntered inside and plopped down on the bed next to where Steve was reclining with a tablet in his lap.
“You like him,” Rhodey guessed with a slight groan.  “
“Not impressed by European training, huh?  You’re a tough crowd, Shellhead,” Steve grinned.  “He’s real talented. I think you’d like his work, if you saw it.” Shellhead tapped a finger on Steve’s chest and rolled his eyes.  “First monument I design, it’s for you, how about?” Steve offered with a small smile. Shellhead cocked his head, a soft smile forming.  “You’d like that, huh? Poseidon, maybe?” Shellhead wagged his head back and forth noncommittally, then nudged at Steve for him to keep going with his story.
“You know, it occurs to me that we may never be presented with this opportunity again,” Tony observed, setting the shrink ray down next to where Steve was sitting. “Not that I don’t love how you look all serumed-up, but…” Tony trailed off, letting the suggestion hang in the air.
No time to just sit still.  Sit still for Steve.  Be
Steve was everything he never knew he needed, and if he lost him after all of this, when he was so close to happiness—
“Good. Now, spread yourself out for me.  Yes, like that,” Tony said approvingly, his voice soothing, even, and Steve did, pulling up his knees and widening his legs so Tony could see him. “Very good.  I want you to touch yourself while I work on these
“Do you?” Tony demanded, his voice rising to an urgent whisper. “I’m not mad. Alright, yes, it wasn’t a good thing to say, but if this is all it remains, then it is little more than fodder for the gossips at Court. But, you do have to be careful. You know that, I know you do, and it worries me that you would be so careless as to put this—us—at risk like that over Ross baiting you. I don’t want to lose this. I have to trust that you can control your emotions, at least around others, if you are to ever leave our bedchamber. You know that you can’t say those things, not without it getting back to Court on the first raven that Ross can—you know what? Forget it. We’ll talk tomorrow.”
“What—” Steve started, then broke off, shaking his head.
“Hearing good things on the budget for next year,” Obie replied, voice angling higher as he pursed his mouth.  “Reagan wants new stuff, not more troops. Gadgets, tech, that’s the way to go. All these young guys coming in, they want the computer-driven control systems, stealth, composite materials, all of that.  And SI’s got to be front of the line.”
By the time Tony rinsed his mug out and made it back to the cabin, Steve and Jarvis were unpacking the containers of food and spreading out various cold pastas, salads, meats and cheeses on platters.  Tony stood in the doorway with one hand on the doorknob behind him and one hand clutching his coffee mug, watching Steve and Jarvis work companionably to prepare lunch.  They had their sleeves rolled up, and Jarvis had a dish towel tossed over one shoulder.  Steve was chopping up a cache of lemons for lemonade.  He would add way too much sugar, Tony thought to himself, because Steve knew Tony liked it sweet.
“I’ll join you,” Rebecca said.  Tony knew he should probably leave as well, but something held him back.  Curiosity, he supposed.  He’d never met anyone like Josh and Michael, who spoke so baldly and plainly, and a part of him wanted to watch a bit more of the trainwreck. He glanced up at the television, and saw they had started a waltz, then turned back to the group.  Also, the dancing thing, he sighed.  Definitely not a good idea to get that close to Steve, let alone in front of a room full of people.
“Tony—” Steve started, real concern edging at his voice.
.  And he doesn’t need to know.  Not now. One day, sure, when you know more about him. When things have settled down a bit and the brass isn’t so damn jumpy about you. We’ll talk about it when the time comes,” Fury continued.
Tony’s tongue teased over Steve’s lips, his beard scraping against Steve’s skin as he delved lower, across Steve’s jaw and down his neck, nipping and sucking as he went.  The sting of Tony’s teeth, the rough feel of his beard, the catch of the chains against the taut peaks of his nipples, the hard, rough roll of the chains across his cock, it was almost too much. Too good.  His legs were shaking. His cock ached. His vision was hazy as white stars danced at the edges. All Steve could manage to do was tip his head back, close his eyes and let out a groan.
“You’re the one who always yells at us to pay attention,” Tony whispered, raising an eyebrow in challenge at Steve, who was tugging at his bindings like he wanted nothing in life more than to go Full Monty right there in the Quinjet.
“Thanks again for letting me meet DUM-E and U,” Steve said after the car pulled off their private road and onto the highway.  Steve was tapping his fingers against the car door and staring out the window where the road had been carved out of the side of the mountain.
He started walking again, dodging around two tourists peering over one of those free maps they give you with the open-top bus lines drawn out in various colors.  He needed to move.  Standing still had always been difficult for him, but now, after Afghanistan, if he slowed down, if he stopped, he could feel it, a whirring whine where there should be a steady beat.
Tony frowned.  That kind of sounded like a brush-off.  He was pretty good at spotting those.
Tony waved his hand nonchalantly, but moved various tools, computer tablets and poster tubes from his worktable to make room, so Steve took that for a yes.
He wished he hadn’t seen this piece of her.  It was a terrible, selfish thought, he knew, but he couldn’t seem to help it.  He wasn’t supposed to be here. He wasn’t supposed to know this part of her. He had always wanted her to be happy, and taken some measure of comfort in knowing that she was, but he didn’t want to
“You should see the shows they put on in Etta,” Tony told him, grinning as he stripped off the rest of his clothes with far less fanfare.
“Weird, huh?” Coulson said.  “Being here again, I mean.”
Somehow, they managed to make it to the bedroom, though there was a trail of clothes littered behind them like breadcrumbs, Steve noticed.  Tony’s jacket. One of his shoes. Steve’s bow-tie and one of the gold bullion mess knots that had adorned his shoulder. Steve didn’t even remember any of that coming off, not that he had been exactly lucid.  Tony tapped one of the panels on the wall and a light came on in the corner of the room, just enough to cast a soft, pale glow, but not enough to dampen the effect of the view from the massive window that overlooked the Strip.  Steve could see their reflections in the glass. It looked like they were surrounded by lights, like some kind of strange, ethereal painting.
Dummy jumped into the space between the man and Tony, teeth bared, growling lowly, the ridge of fur on his back standing on end.
“Really?  You don’t mind?  Thank—thank you.  That’s really, you know.  Great.  Um, ah, your question.  Yes,” Steve rushed out.  “Yes, just sit.  Well, pose.  Ah--here, um, let me,” he broke off, hurrying over to grab the comforter off the futon and spreading it out over the bench.
“Yeah,” Tony replied in flat, sluggish tone.  “Told you.  Best day ever.”
comfortable with their relationship.  That was a sign of--of how strong their relationship really was.  Wasn’t it?  Even if Tony wouldn’t have been okay with his partner doing the same thing, which was pretty hypocritical really, when you got down to it.  Tony would have probably told someone off if they suggested what he suggested.
Tony was smiling at him though, a pleased, sort of satisfied grin that widened as he approached.  “I see you found breakfast to your liking,” Tony said as he made a much smaller plate for himself and grabbed the coffee, clutching the metal carafe in the crook of his arm like a beloved teddy bear.
“You’ve got this whole Demi-Moore-rolling-around-on-money fantasy going, don’t you? Please,” Rhodey cut in, holding up a hand.  “Do not elaborate. Poetic, really, since throwing money at him is how this whole thing got started,” Rhodey said.
So, yeah, she had failed rather spectacularly at that.
, he told himself.
“Mr. Stark, David Campbell, from Business Week. Stark International’s stock took quite the hit in the past few days.  Can you discuss a bit the reaction to your recent marriage at SI?” a reporter in a tan suit with credentials dangling from his neck that identified him as working for one of the networks asked as he stood up.
He stepped out of the warmth of the car and into the chilly evening air. A steady stream of people moved along the sidewalk, mostly on their way home from work at this hour, giving Tony quick, curious looks that slid over him without really finding purchase. By the time he made it into the building and up to Steve’s floor, he was second-guessing the impulse to come down here and make some kind of grand ceremony out of this. He’d come this far, though, looking, he told himself firmly, for a goodbye that wasn’t filled with bewildered pain, one that he could finally leave in the past where it belonged. That was why he was here.
“Are you fucking kidding me with this?” Tony shouted, tossing up his hands and starting to pace.  “No, wait. That actually kind of makes sense.  Who else? Who else is involved in—in your little super-secret superhero club?”
“The whole not wanting to be married to me thing, fine.  Now, you’re just being stubborn for the sake of it,” Tony accused lightly.  “Eat your bagel.” Steve sighed, but took out the bagel and plastic knife, then started spreading the cream cheese on top of half of it.  Tony made a face when Steve squeezed the small pack of jelly on top, and made a harrumphing noise.
His aching cock was flush and red and dripping a steady stream of pre-cum down on the bed underneath his stomach.  Normally, it would bother him, making such a mess. He couldn’t bring himself to care this time.  Need, hot and fierce, pounded through him.  Heat gathered at the base of his cock.  HIs balls were tight and drawn. I could come like this, Steve thought hazily as Tony’s clever tongue worked his hole.  If he so much as touched himself, he knew he wouldn’t be able to
“I’m proud of a lot of things,” Tony replied.  No, you’re not.  You want to be, but you’re not, Steve thought, but he didn’t say it.  He thought Tony might understand a bit about an endless line of always having to do more and more, but he didn’t say that, either.
Steve sucked in an uncomfortable breath and gripped the railing, looking everywhere but at Stark.  “Okay,” he said finally, letting out the breath he had been holding as he turned and leaned his back against the rail.  “I guess. It’s your dime, after all, Mr. Stark.”
He wanted to see Tony.
“Hold still,” Tony commanded. The chain brushed against Steve’s hands and back as Tony latched it onto the back of the gag and secured it tightly into place. “There,” Tony said, standing up and coming around to stand in front of Steve and admire his handiwork. “Exquisite. Absolutely exquisite.”
"Hey, I'm a genius even when I am a---Wait," Tony stuttered, blinking and trying to catch the trail of thought he was following.
Sometime during his stuttering speech, Tony’s eyes had drifted back to his face.  Steve wasn’t sure what he could read there, relief, sure, but something else was shifting through Tony’s gaze, something deeper and less defined.  He walked slowly over to stand in front of Steve, and for a moment, Steve thought Tony would kiss him, which seemed like a fine idea to Steve.  But instead, he just lowered his head and rested his forehead against the middle of Steve’s chest, letting out a long, low breath, hands coming up to grip Steve’s arms almost too tightly. They stayed like that for a long moment.
“I appreciate that I have a pretty low bar for impressing you this evening,” Tony replied.
“Um…yes…I share it with a couple of the guys from the crew,” he replied, wondering at the non sequitur.
“Why’d you stop? Writing them, I mean?” Tony asked.
Tony noticed he kept getting long, considering looks from various employees manning the mostly empty streetfront shops and restaurants, like they were trying to figure out if Tony Stark was really walking down the street in front of their Chinese Takeout/Taco Bar.  Don’t worry, Zhang Yi Miguel, you are not alone in wondering what the hell is going on, Tony thought with a slight shake of his head.  Down the rabbit hole.
“Ah. Right,” Tony nodded, his mouth pulling down, then up into a rueful smile.  “If only,” he added, then laughed, though there didn’t seem to be any mirth in it, but before Steve could quite form a thought around that, he leaned up and kissed Steve again, harder than before, his tongue delving into Steve’s mouth, possessing him, claiming him, and Steve forgot whatever it was that had been on the cusp of bothering him.
“Says the man who forgets to eat anything not hand-picked by Juan Valdez when he gets an idea in his head,” Steve rejoined, returning Tony's grin in earnest before that, too, slipped away. “I—I appreciate that, Tony. Really. I—I can't stay, though. I would. Ah. But. Got a doctor's appointment. Kind of a last minute thing, actually. That—that hand doc? His office called and said there was an opening, so they worked me in, so,” Steve replied with a small shrug, though Tony caught the way Steve's fingers thrummed across the folder in reflex.
“Yeah.  Don’t judge me for it, but yeah,” Tony admitted, a half-smile tugging up the corner of his mouth.
“Happy will meet us downstairs in an hour or so,” Tony told him.
“He was pretty insistent about getting back in the game, Stark.  Especially when I told him about how Howard and Peggy helped found SHIELD,” Fury said into the sudden silence where all Tony could hear was the throb of his heart, probably trying to suck in one of bits of shrapnel right about now.
She was happy.  In her own way, she was happy.  She was secure.  She was well cared for.  She had the things that told the world her status.  She wanted him to be happy, too, and the way she knew to give that happiness to him was the way she had gotten it for herself.  By playing the game.  She didn’t make the rules.  He couldn’t keep despising her for not breaking them.
“So,” Steve repeated, poking his fork at the plate with disinterest.  “This is…weird.”
“So…” Tony started, shoving the food around his plate with his fork.  “Don’t suppose you’d actually like to tell me what it is you do for SHIELD?”
“Was the guy okay?” Bucky asked.
.  Or anything, because I wouldn’t want--”
“Thirty-thousand dollars,” she grumbled, nodding slightly. “You don’t have to do this, you know.  There are far easier ways of doing this.  Rhodey, tell him there are perfectly acceptable—normal—ways of handling this.”
“Raiders?” Tony echoed, pushing himself up on his elbow. A furrow of concern creased his brow, Steve noticed when he looked back at Tony.   “I…did not know that,” he said.  His frown deepened.  “But…they would have seen your value.  Of course.  Surely, they would have noticed.  Been careful with you.  Treated you well.”  He looked to Steve, as if for confirmation.  Steve returned his gaze, but held his tongue, which seemed to say enough.  Tony sat up and pushed a hand through his hair, dropped it to his side, then reached up and scrubbed it over his mouth in obvious agitation.
“I want that, too,” Steve said, his voice thin and pinched, and he imagined parts of the words still stuck in his throat, unable to make it past his collar. There are no secrets, only lies, he thought, though he held his face still, even in the dark.
“I’m married,” Tony answered with an aghast smirk, giving him a doe-eyed, innocent look that was ninety-percent challenge, if Steve was a numbers man.  Steve rolled his eyes and glanced away, mainly so he wouldn’t give in to the smile that was trying to form.
“You’re going to be impressed, I’m telling you,” Stane said, pointing his cigar at Peggy, then giving Steve a long look.  “No Daniel tonight?” Stane asked.
Steve sighed and forced himself to focus on Tony’s wound.  It seemed to have clotted for the most part, though there was a wider, deeper rent in the center, slashing just between two ribs that was still sending a thick runnel of blood down Tony’s torso.  He looked up and caught Tony’s eyes, then watched with some chagrin as the other man coughed out what might have been trying for a laugh, but came out as more of a wet, hissing sound.
“Really?  How devilishly bloodthirsty of him,” Zola remarked, eyes narrowing on Steve.  Steve stared at the door over Zola’s shoulder.  There was a strip of green beyond it, in the courtyard, and a wall covered in vines that were heavy with purple flowers.  “How…different.”
“Yeah,” Steve said.  “She died right before I graduated high school.”
Huge thank you to tastes-like-coconut for the beta!
He jumped in startle when he felt a light touch under his chin and realized the King was standing in front of him.  The room was quiet, though Steve hadn’t noticed, so lost in his memories for however long he had been drifting.  The King made a vague noise in the back of his throat and tilted Steve’s chin up again, the way he had before.  His thumb traced the line of Steve’s jaw, and Steve saw something flicker in the King’s eyes as they seemed to darken.
“Your adoring public,” Tony said with a nod when they were free of the mass of people.
“I’m just saying, you should have
Steve sat there another moment, curled against Tony’s chest, breathing hard, then forced his body to move from its state of dissipation.  He reached down to pick the towel up off the floor and wiped himself off, then turned to do the same for Tony.  When he was done, he carefully tucked Tony’s cock back into his pants and pulled them up.  Tony was watching him with that intense sort of scrutiny that Steve had come to just accept, like everything he did was oddly fascinating, which it obviously wasn’t, not to someone like Tony.  Still, it was strangely comforting to have Tony’s attention like this, so he didn’t protest.
His legs felt heavy, leaden, as he took the steps and pulled open the door to the building's small vestibule. The coconut bong was gone from the box below the mailboxes, replaced by a few pieces of junk mail, a can of Red Bull and a wadded up bag from Taco Bell where people had apparently decided an empty box was close enough to a trash can to make do. He took the steps in a rush for the first two flights, then slowed as he got closer to Steve's apartment, a hundred thoughts marching across his mind, most of which consisted of some version of sorry for blatantly invading your privacy, but were you planning to put my thesis on eBay or what?
“Good,” he said after a long pause.  He opened his eyes and looked at Anto.  Anto was almost used to the man’s directness by now, but it still caught him by surprise sometimes, like now, the openness in the man’s face.  His eyes were wide and dark, the color of the sky before a storm, Anto thought to himself, his hair was sticking up and plastered with sweat that clung to his brow, and his gaze was rapt, focused on Anto in a way that made something warm open up deep inside Anto’s belly.
“Me and Pep?  No.  Strictly professional,” Tony told him.  “She’s great, though.  Should be doing more than what I give her, but I haven’t run her off yet.  Says she hates job hunting,” Tony finished, flashing a grin at Steve, who chuckled.
I can make him happy, Steve thought with a grim sort of determination.  On the heels of that thought came a fast mental rejoinder reminding him he couldn’t make himself happy, so how did he imagine he could do that for Tony? He didn’t know.  He just...he had to try. And maybe, if he did, if he made Tony happy, even just a little, that would be close enough to happiness for himself, and he could--he could...do whatever came after that.
He couldn’t even say what he had expected to find in Steve’s room.  Answers.  Insight.  Some kind of a clue.  Something. Or, so he’d told himself when he walked past it after his shower and realized that he had never actually been inside Steve’s room. At which point, Steve’s room became the mental equivalent of a big, red button under a Do Not Touch sign.
“I did not--you’re exaggerating. He’s exaggerating, Steve. Stop that, he’s going to believe you,” Bruce admonished lightly, holding up a finger to belabor the point.  “It was barely a few structures with some minor--minor, Tony!--minor damage.”
“I don’t…I don’t think that’s really the case.  At all.  Truth be told, I—well, I—see the thing is…Okay, okay, here’s the thing…” Tony stopped and sucked in a breath.  He looked over at Steve and remembered the way his mouth felt, soft and strong and sweet with champagne, the way Steve’s eyes crinkled when he laughed, and how it felt to pull that kind of joy out of him, how good it felt to just be with Steve, period, sitting here, talking—just being together, how easy it was.  Doing nothing, really.
Something dark passed behind Tony’s eyes, and he flinched, his whole body seeming to stutter against the words, but he kept his gaze steady on Steve. “Years,” Tony repeated.  “You will be in pain for years.”
Steve huffed out a snort of air that clearly said he wasn’t buying Tony’s noncommittal answer any more than Tony was.
“Anything,” Tony said, grabbing Steve’s hand and wrapping his own around it.  “You can talk to me about anything.  I want to hear it. Whatever it is.”
“You’re turning into a popsicle.  Don’t say it,” Steve interrupted before Tony could get a word in.
“Why’d you even pick me anyway?  You like—you like taking care of me?  What does that even mean?  Could’ve gotten a dog, you know.  Lot less trouble,” Tony snapped brusquely.  “This—this—me…am I part of your whole punish-yourself routine?  Is that it? Get an Omega who can’t even fucking deal with—with…with what.  You know.  Happens.  Reality.  All that.  Should’ve dug a little deeper than a picture and a few financials before you signed on, I guess.  Should’ve—should’ve maybe thought this through.  A bit more.  I mean, the car, though.  Car’s--” Tony said, tossing a hand wide towards where the Audi sat a few feet away.  “Car’s great.  Thanks.  Really. Everything’s…everything’s just great,” he grimaced in a rictus of a smile.  “What kind of an ungrateful asshole would I be if I maybe wanted to, I don’t know, watch the damn thing plummet off a cliff or something?”
“I don’t…I’m sorry, I don’t…what is the comparison?  A stone and a beetle?” Steve asked, leaning forwards so his forearms were against the edge of the table.  “Is it…they’re both round?”
“Hey, don’t do that,” Brock cajoled, reaching over and tugging Steve back down flat on the bed.  “Forget about it, okay?  I’m just talking.  Guy threw me for a loop, is all.”
Did Tony really not want to be found?  Maybe.  But, why send this to Steve, then?  Why not just send it to the hospital or some university research group?  Why him? Steve craned his neck around to find the painting where it sat facing the wall.  He scanned through the files again, scrolling through the paper and occasionally trying to read some of the data.  Finally, he reached the end, where it summarized the findings, the need for more tests, and the sleeve’s potential.  It ended with a quote.
“You did tell me,” Tony replied, voice slow and thick. Steve felt a thrum of energy vibrate through him, even as the fight left him.  He could almost feel it radiating off Tony, this energy, the attention, the focus that seemed to capture Steve and hold him there, it warmed his skin like the sun.  He was suddenly conscious of his body in a different way, all heavy-limbed and present now, as the thrill of battle waned.  A frisson of heat curled low in Steve’s belly, expanding up through his chest, making his breath go short.
“Did they now?” Tony hummed quizzically.  “I am sure they embellished the telling quite a bit.”
“Did you know about him? Steve, I mean?” Tony asked.  “Do you know who he is?  Or even…did you even ask?”
“Yeah, uh. About that. I don’t think that would go well.  That’s ah…probably not a good idea right now, fair warning,” Tony responded, trying to take deep breaths, and hey, when had he turned around to face the glass?  And where had that crack in the glass come from?  Really, this place was a minefield.  It definitely wasn’t safe here.  What they needed was—“Hey, JARVIS, find me an island, would you?   Something nice, but remote.  Tropical.  Warm. That would be great.”  He was brilliant, really.
“No one’s ever drawn me before,” Cam told him.  “Is that the King?” he questioned, pointing at the parchment underneath, where the corner of a more finished sketch stuck out, revealing the side of Tony’s face, head bent, looking down.  In the sketch, he wasn’t looking down at anything, but Steve had drawn the expression from memory two nights ago in a frenzy of…something.  “You’re good.  You should show it to him.”
“Open your eyes, beautiful one,” Tony ordered.  Steve’s eyes flew open, staring sightlessly for a moment before he found Tony’s warm gaze on him.  “So responsive for me.”
how the incident happened.”
“Then, you just start building, one piece at a time, until you build what you wanted,” Tony finished, shifting the parts around until he found two that could form structural supports.
It was the next part that had his stomach in knots and his nerves on edge, though if he was honest with himself--which it was somehow easier to be while he watched Tony move around the room with seemingly no sense of real purpose--he could admit that at least some of what he felt was...interest.  It was hiding under guilt and recrimination, sure, but it was there, hot and dizzying, like the heat that washed over the sands in blurry, undulating waves.
The alien hummed again, made a few of those weird sounds that Tony took for his words, then slowly started moving his hips, in and out, finding a steady rhythm that sent a sharp spike of want coiling through Tony’s gut and down his cock in its gel prison.  Tony’s gaze fixed on the alien’s face. His breathing came in pants and gasps, small moans torn from his throat as the alien pumped his massive cock into him. The stretch, the fullness, the familiar burn of it was all overlaid with the strange gel that soothed and prickled at his insides and the jumble of feelings that weren’t all his own and so strong.  So very, very
The elevator doors pinged and slid open.  Steve was standing in front of him wearing one of those damnable plaid shirts and khaki pant combination that made Tony want to put Prada on speed-dial, body poised in the motion of stepping into the elevator before realizing it was occupied, a flash of surprise arching across his features, then embarrassment, before he carefully schooled them.
—there.  God, there!  He punched out a hissing breath and sucked in a gulp of air.  Warm waves of pleasure radiated out from his cock.  He gasped for air again and his hands found his nipples.  They were hard and so sensitive, it hurt to touch, but the good kind of hurt, the kind that snaked its way down to the tip of his cock and sat there with a dull, aching pressure.  Down again and the wave peaked and crested again, over and over.
like this, if there was such a thing. A shiver ran down his spine at the realization, and his hands spasmed on Tony’s hips, earning a groan from the other man. Was this what it felt like to be overwhelmed?  It was glorious. His nerves tingled where Tony’s skin touched his.  His body felt alight with some kind of energy that thrummed through him, pounding in his chest, his head, his cock.  More, it urged. More. More Tony, that was what he wanted.
Pulling together Cho and the trauma team had given him something to do, at least temporarily.  Now, he sat and watched Bruce detach an empty blood bag from the IV and hook a full one up to it.  One of Tony’s.  He watched the IV line light up red as it threaded through it, down into Steve’s vein.  His blood was going into Steve’s body, which was…he didn’t know what it was.  Wrong.  It was wrong.  The whole thing was wrong, but he loathed the sight of that for some reason.  He didn’t really want to think about why it bothered him so much.  This…this offering…this was all he could do.  Pump out a few pints of O-neg and have some orange juice.  He could create an artificial intelligence or build a miniaturized arc reactor in a cave, but he could never seem to save the people who mattered, no matter how hard he tried.  He just ended up saving himself.  He got to live.
“Yeah?” Tony said.
be your Omega,” Tony finally managed.  He nudged the bottle cap with his fingers, sending it rolling across the desk.  They both watched it tumble, neither of them moving.
“What is this?” a man in scrubs barked from next to the surgical table.  “Hey! You can’t be here! Call security!” His voice muffled by a mask, making it sound less an order and more a garbled response you’d get from a fast-food drive-thru machine. He wore some kind of headgear with a light and magnification lenses strapped to his forehead that made it hard to see his face.  Doctor, Tony’s mind told him.  Beta, some other part of him said.  Other masked faces turned towards him with looks loaded with disapproval.
, okay?  I get it.  I screwed up.  Do you have any idea how badly I want to go back and have it be different?  But, I can’t. I’m here now, and this…this thing we’re doing? This is what I’ve got.  I’m trying, okay?”
“You won’t always be,” Steve said.  A shard of regret burrowed deep in his chest as he looked down at Tony.  Tony, who was going to face Afghanistan and Stane. Aliens and portals. There was so much Steve wanted to spare him.  He couldn’t, he knew. Bruce’s admonition rang in his head like a bell. Unintended consequences and all that. A pebble in an ocean.  You’re going to know betrayal. You’re going to find love and be loved in return. You’re going to be a hero. You’re going to sacrifice everything.  There were so many things he wanted to tell Tony. So many pebbles to drop. Steve sighed and headed for the door.
“Raj’Inama,” Tony said softly, his voice warm. He reached out and cupped Steve’s jaw, his thumb grazing lightly over Steve’s cheek, just above the seam of the veil.  Steve nearly went limp with relief, leaning in to the familiar gesture.  Warmth bloomed inside his chest. He felt boneless, liquid, as if he could melt into Tony’s hand, if he truly tried.
Tony was saved by Steve’s sure hands, which managed to work his belt off and unbutton and unzip with comparative easy, Tony could only assume to do super-soldier enhancements.  Tony’s hands, freed from their highly complex task, roamed over Steve’s chest and back, wheedling their way under his shirt, but it wasn’t enough, not nearly enough.  Steve pushed Tony’s hands aside long enough to pull his shirt over his head, no small feat considering how tight that thing was, and then pushed his pants and briefs down his hips to pool at his knees, freeing his cock to bob against Tony’s stomach, deep red and full and already tiny pearl-like droplets leaked from the head.  Tony wasn’t sure which one of them made the deep groan, probably him because speech had long since left him, overrated ability anyway, as far as he was concerned, when his mouth could be doing so many other interesting things.
Leave or stay.  Happiness or being able to look at himself without loathing what he would see.  Tony or freedom.  That was where his mind stopped.  All the other questions were hard.  This one was impossible.
‘Beacons,’ Steve mouthed at him, though that only got him a frown.  He sighed and flattened his mouth into a frustrated grimace.
“Power, yes, though that's just the beginning,” Tony began, feeling himself warming to the topic. “It's a self-sustaining reactor that runs clean. No emissions. No pollution. No carbon footprint. Expensive to produce at the moment, though the capacity more than makes up for the cost. Still, I'd like to get that reduced as we expand. It could mean a huge shift, particularly for third world countries where clean drinking water is still an obstacle. See, most power sources need water as part of the process, but not this one. And water treatment and delivery, sewage disposal, those kinds of things require massive amounts of energy, but the infrastructure, food production and delivery and disease management that comes from clean water sources is a necessity for development. This way, uh...well, it could, you know, really be good.”
“The eVite?  From Clint.  For the hot tub party?”  Steve reminded him.
Damn.  His mom.  Fuck. It was officially his birthday, which meant the No-Dodging Rule was invoked.  He was going to have to talk to his mom.  She’d probably sing.  Then tell him not to eat so much cake, after offering whatever flimsy excuse she had this year for why his father wasn’t wishing him a happy birthday.  He would come to the phone, Anthony, of course, he would, but he stubbed his toe on a Doesn’t Give a Fuck and then tripped over a Can’t Be Bothered, you understand, don’t you, dear?
I'm sabrecmc on Discord and tumblr.  If you love Stony and are over 18, come chat with us at Pod on the Suit: https://discord.gg/z5WSqbS
In a few months, he would leave this behind.  Find a way through a wilderness he did not know.  Chance death or worse, for both him and Cam.  Crawl into the belly of a ship again and take his chances to cross an angry sea.  Go home.
“Structural conflict prevention would need to start with that kind of analytics, though,” Steve said, frowning a bit as he pondered the notion. “But, even our best predictive models are much better at guessing where conflict won’t start, not where it will. Especially long-term. Conflict zones with unequal access to technology are notoriously difficult to predict with any kind of accuracy.  We found that out in Afghanistan.”
Joshua was sitting on the corner of the fence post chattering in Tony’s general direction with what Tony assumed was heartfelt agreement.  Steve’s position on this was entirely indefensible.  So indefensible that even the resident rodent population was providing what could only be described as full-throated support.
These were his victories now.  Changes, General Rhodes said.  Small, incremental changes.  Making things better from the inside.  It mattered. It was good.  He was making a difference.  Steve snorted.  He wasn’t good at lying, least of all to himself.
Tony closed the garage door and went back to his workstation. He set the food down on the desk and the bag of random stuff he’d asked for on the floor next to his feet, using one finger to peek inside.  Yep, a bottle of light green detergent with bright flowers on the front promised him laundry that would smell like a tropical paradise (good luck overcoming the mothball cabin stench, he thought grimly), a pack of six plain white tube socks and three things of soap, like Steve couldn’t decide which one to get.
“Please.  Andrew was so excited, I thought he was going to soil himself.  Good Lord,” Sugar scoffed.  “Alphas. Honestly.  Grab you a plate, Tony, honey.  I know you didn’t eat enough down there. No one ever does.”
It wasn’t a young thought, not really, not like those thoughts, but it wasn’t a grown-up thought, either.  It helped, oddly.  Maybe because if you were going to fly in a metal suit using the world’s most powerful pixie dust, you should probably try believing.  Think of a wonderful thought.  Any merry, little thought.
“That’s quite enough of that, I think,” the Lord said, stepping gingerly around the dark chunks of blood and flesh that marred the sand.  “I’ll see to him, if you don’t mind?”  It wasn’t a question.  It wasn’t a reprieve, either, Steve realized, feeling the weight of the Lord’s gaze settle on him.
