“It’s Officer Grant to you, Mr. Stark, and I’d appreciate some proper respect and decorum out of you.”
That’s special.
Tony latches on to Steve’s neck with a sob, slams into him with a rough snap of his hips that punches a maniacal laugh of triumph out of the vampire, and knows he’s lost.
“I’m Sergeant Steven Grant with the California Highway Patrol. License and registration.”
silent, and Steve isn’t quite sure what’s stewing in that overactive brain of Tony’s. Judging from the shuttered expression and increasingly withdrawn body language, though, he’s got a few suspicions.
, well, it made sense to stick together and tackle it as one.
All he knew was that he wanted to make a play for Tony, but the timing was never quite right between the fallout from the Chitauri invasion and the Bucky being alive and finding out Hydra was very much active thing, then the Mandarin nonsense and the breakup with Pepper, and his own nerves. Tony might not even be interested--the man certainly had no qualms about going after what he wanted, and had never given Steve any kind of indication that he was interested.
he was going to repay that, and Steve wrapped a hand around Tony, pumping his copiously leaking erection as he continued to rock inside of his wet heat, enjoying the frissons of bliss from the aftershocks of his orgasm, and then Tony sucked in his breath and screamed silently, breath whooshing out of him as he came in long ropes that splattered against Steve’s stomach, his chest, completely overwhelmed.
This was even better than the shampooing had been, Steve realized. The thick lather of the conditioner gentled the aftereffects of the shampoo and put a comforting weight on his head that slowed Tony’s scalp massage to a molasses-like crawl. That haze of relief and comfort began to ease back over him, and Steve sighed and began to shift his head this way and that, greedily urging Tony to pay attention to this spot or that one as the need arose.
Did Steve like having his balls fondled? Not by themselves, but he definitely approved of a light massage against them while Tony played with his perineum. Pressing against it earned Tony shudders, while a gentle rub delivered soft, needy gasps. A tickling drag over it made Steve beg for more pressure, and a harder touch made Steve protest even as he ground down further on Tony’s hand.
“Let’s do this recon mission,
“Tony, dammit, I--”
“Do you think dabbling in mediocrity will make you loved? That your subservience to people who both envy and hate you for daring to be better than them makes you
So. He’s not dead yet.
Tony ignored the jab at his choice in venues, and knocked once on the door. The slot in the door slid open and a shadowy figure peered at them.
thank you. Especially because the more time he gives Tony to entrench himself and deflect, the harder resolving it all will be.
you get it. Why do you always seem to clue in after the fact, Tony?”
Right.
know. Tony clenches his fist, gorge rising, because Steve’s about to be murdered, and the dread certainty sets his scalp prickling.
Steve sighed, feeling keenly out of place.
“Tony? Do you love me?”
disastrous revelation was Bucky.
The fourth finger was worse, and Steve was certain he’d be feeling it for a while, but hey, it was long past time the serum worked out in his favor, and if he could heal up stab wounds within hours, then a bit of discomfort was the least of his worries.
“My congrats on your successful coup. Do you have a taste for the blood of your enemies now?”
“Lube, Tony. You were going to fuck me?”
about these feelings, and I...I forced them on you, and it’ll clear up after a while, once Strange fi--.”
Steve jolts, loosens his grasp, and it’s enough, just enough for Tony to seize the advantage and he darts away, slips around the table and flips it over, the cacophony of breaking dishes and clattering serving trays and shattering crystal shocking him to awareness.
Steve didn’t know what kind of lube Tony had gotten a hold of in his persistent quest for products that wouldn’t put a damper on their love life, but it was perfect. For all Tony rigorously maintained his hands and nails, he was unable to escape the myriad nicks, scrapes, and calluses that were the badge of his career, and even a gentle touch that would have felt perfectly fine to anyone else felt abrasive on his more sensitive parts.
Steve was leaking so much now, he knew he was, he was making such a mess of the car, and it only served to make him slide even easier over the hood, let him make the most of the pressure and puddle of warmth beneath him, and none of it did him any damn good. More, more, he needed more.
Similar to Sam, she froze once she recognized him. That moment would have caused her life but fortunately, Sam was there to deflect the Bucky's dagger about to impale itself on Nat's throat. With weapons knocked from his hands and an broken arm, Nat and Sam knocked him out and turned their attentions to Steve. Nat tore her sleeves off and used the cloth to bind Steve's wounds.
(Pepper politely ignores how Tony fixates on their generously sized genitals.)
you love when I sit on your, " Tony waggled his eyebrows. "--
"Steve, you're a wonderful man. You have a big heart, you shine in every single way and you help me become a better man but -- but I don't deserve you."
A soft ding of notification popping on his screen got his attention.
If Tony deserved am Oscar, Steve deserved it too. Or an Emmy, at the very least.
Tony lets out a high-pitched whine as Steve plays with his nipples.
But, there was something there, right?
Because Steve is such a stubborn idiot, he told him again,
Tony snarled, “Appoint someone else.”
He grabbed Tony's chin and tilted his face to seal their lips together in a heated kiss. Tony continued to wiggle on his lap, sliding Steve's dick deeper inside him and angling it so it'll bump to his pleasure spot.
Steve absolutely did not zoom on the red panties.
Scott walking in munching on tacos served as concrete proof.
right now --"
"One time, Tony. That was one time. And I panicked."
Worry clawed at Steve's heart. It was plain to see that something has got his mate unsettled.
The lock clicked and Steve opened the door with an small smile. “Not really funny, Tony.”
But the ones he dated for a while were...
Peter swallowed heavily as he approached his mother. The mettalic stench of blood filled the air. His mother is crying, sweat glistened at his brow.
"Uh yeah, the best seat in the house."
Steve grinned, "Never had any complaints so far." And because he's a bastard, he grazed his hand on Tony's spent dick.
Peter glared at him. Steve sighed. He saw that same stubborn spirit in himself and in his husband. It made sense that his own blood would inherit the same fierceness.
Comments and kudos are greatly appreciated xoxo
Tony's in the middle of reaching for his socks under the nightstand when his hookup enters the room, sweaty and still hot as fuck.
They met at a job. An ad for Dior.
"I'm having your baby."
“Hey, Tony.” Steve greeted with a small smile on his face.
Steve chuckled behind him. The hot puffs of air tickling Tony's nape made him shiver. "Sounds a lot like someone I know, right Tony?"
"May the gods return me into your arms." He prayed against Tony's lips.
-- His massive dick print in those goddamn sweatpants --
"-- No, Cap.
Steve repeated, insisted. As though, he wanted to convey that he is aware about all these and loved Tony still.
Swallowing his excitement, he typed in Tony’s Twitter username at the search bar.
Steve's wails are muffled by their kiss as Tony tightened over the full knot. Tony shook as his own climax took him
Tony's heart sank as he watched dozens of long boats sail to the East.
Steve shook his head. He can’t believe Bucky also saw those pictures and videos. Can’t believe Bucky’s aware how Tony’s dick looked like when it’s hard or how pretty his nipples are after it’s been clamped, or how red his hole is after a thorough ass play — aaaand Steve’s being a creep. His face is flushed too, a damning evidence of his guilt.
--" Tony side-stepped and continued walking away from Steve. But Steve just followed him.
The sun has yet to rise, there are few people awake at this hour. Steve is alone and that's how he preferred it when he talked to those who are no longer of this world.
Tony usually leaves after hookups but he's too exhausted from the multiple orgasms Steve coaxed out of his body. He spends the night at Steve's apartment after Steve assures him that it's perfectly fine for him to do so.
"I will not let him die." Steve vowed. Pepper smiled at him before she turned to leave. Steve watched her go before limping to his room where his mate is.
Tony Stark: Steve...?
He laughed breathlessly and winked at the camera. “489 viewers,
"Mmnngh -
"They want a picture of us." Tony explains.
”Say you wanna date me. Say you wanna fuck me. Choose one. Or both.”
Steve gulped as he drank the sight of Tony impaling himself on his fingers, “May I?”
The blond beefcake's name is Steve and Tony unabashedly moans and screams '
And I tried to stop it, convinced myself that I shouldn't. And, and after Siberia I had
There's a glazed and fucked out look on the mated pair's faces and Scott is either being deliberately obtuse or an absolute moron when he dismisses it as a result of just an
(Pepper does know enough about the alphas. She met them and had talked with them. Steve's an artist, specializing on contemporary art while Bucky's a chef, specializing on pastry.)
Steve removes his shirt and throws it in the laundry basket. "Morning jog." He replies with a casual shrug.
Bucky shrugged, “Yeah? So what? I don’t harass him or anything. I don’t act creepy like that Tiberius guy from Computer Engineering.”
Steve spluttered as he nearly choked on the piece of french fries going down his throat. Tony couldn’t help but laugh at him.
"No, no." Tony insisted despite how much he wanted to just run into Steve's arms and stay there for the rest of his life.
“You’re like, the only artist I know who keeps his stuff organized.” Tony plopped down on the couch and took out his food.
- which the alpha grabbed with immense accuracy and immaculate timing. The blood in Steve's veins froze. A treasured memory pulsed in his mind.
He knelt down to put his face near Tony's belly. The alpha placed his palm on the small bump before placing a chaste kiss upon it.
Damn it.
"A grand dream. Something I would have done if I got the chance to." Tony tapped his son's nose affectionately. "I long to ride the boat and sail across oceans once again."
Tony’s apartment was only a fifteen minute walk and Steve doesn’t have a lot of time to come up with a decent explanation for his actions. All he has is the truth and it will inevitably paint him in an unflattering light.
"In three days' time, once Clint returns with the reinforced anchor."
Pepper strides over to his table and snatches the card from the bouquet. She squints as she reads it.
Steve tried his best not to check out the new tweet that Tony posted. His fingers itched to click on the notification that popped on the screen of his phone. He did resist for an hour or so. But when the painting he’s working on isn’t making any progress at all, he relented and grabbed his smartphone.
His scent is obviously an alpha's. Tony doesn't really have a favorite, he bangs alphas, betas, and omegas.
Tony turns red. "
But Tony doesn't say that.
In the middle of the night, Tony lays awake wondering if Pepper was right, if he really was a size queen.
The dicks don't matter as much, because he's in love.
Taking his silence as a sign that Steve failed to hear him, Tony repeated. “Take me with you.”
“You are with child, Tony.” Steve reminded with gentleness. “The battles need not spill the blood of the unborn.”
"The woman with fiery hair and the man I stabbed, I know them too."
"Their dicks must have been really good to have you settling down and starting a family." Pepper teasingly comments.
Bucky splays his fingers, showing Tony how much slick he produced. He holds eye contact with the flushed omega as he licks one finger, moaning lewdly at the taste of the omega.
"Yeah." Blondie confirms. He's a bit drunk too, but like Tony, not too much.
Naked as the day he was born, he strolls outside the bedroom and heads straight to the bathroom. He opens the door only to find a naked brunette about to take a shower.
The ebb and flow of the waves offered little comfort to Steve as he sat on the sands gazing at the sea. His wounds still ached but it was nothing compared to the hole in his heart.
He skips the afterparty. With a heavy feeling in his chest, he exits the building and calls for the limo.
In the middle of chaos where blood and guts painted the soil of the Eastern lands, Steve is knocked to the ground by a man who is of similar body size as him. Steve barely had time to raise his shield up to protect himself from the other alpha's blade.
He should be familiar with the face of a person who just had an orgasm.
Tony closed his eyes. If he spends another second staring at the earnest look in Steve's face, he'd cry. "-- Please, please, no --"
They stood their ground, pushing back and resisting against their foes' forces. Steve inhaled deeply, patiently waiting for the right timing to counter-attack.
Steve shushes him and plants open-mouthed kisses over Tony's shoulder.
"I wouldn't hang the shield. I'll pass it on to Sam. And then, we're free to spend the rest of our lives spoiling that fuzzy alpaca you love."
Pepper sips on her martini, a judgemental look on her face. "So you agree, you always talk about cocks and you are a size queen."
Bucky gaped at him, “Holy. Shit. You totally watched him too!”
"I understood that reference, Nat." Tony quipped.
"Our goal is simple: kill Zola and his men. Then, we take all their stolen treasure and return to our home, rich with plunder and sated with the knowledge that blood of Hydra watered the Eastern lands once again!"
They all growled, snarled, and chanted. Ravens were a sign of the Alföđr's favour. His eyes over Midgard.  Steve grinned up at the blue expanse of the sky. He spread out his arms.
"The water started to freeze and that's when you finally appear, standing at the frozen lake. Watching as I submerge deeper - someone stood beside you. But I couldn't see their face clearly."
”You can date me in the morning. But I’m wearing lacy blue panty right now and you’re welcome to tear it off.”
, Tony. I can't push away what I feel and I can't force you to feel what I feel. But I waited, and waited, and
Later, Steve would allow himself to be a bit disgruntled at the ease in which she glided through expressions and non-verbal cues, but for now, he’d take the out.
The results were in his Tower.
The air is thick with the scent of sweat and lust and blood, and Tony’s been reduced to breathy gasps and hitching moans that rapidly morph into broken, softly desperate noises as Steve takes, and takes, and
Occam’s Razor: the simplest solution is usually the correct one. Tony had touched Steve with the magical sigil in his palm, and now he could hear his thoughts.
it was, watching you half-out of your mind like that? You were like sin incarnate, it was
okay, that’s hot but no, we can’t, we--” Tony hissed when Steve bit at his neck, hips bucking as Steve continued to nibble and suck and
he kill Steve? Tony’s hand trembles as he wars internally with himself.
anymore, and his tie was still shoved in his mouth, a thick wad of silk that he could make out in his reflection between his reddened and slick lips. His white dress shirt had been ripped open to expose his chest and the arc reactor shone brilliantly in his chest, his tanned skin flushed dark rose around it, the hard-earned ridges of his abs well-defined as he strained in Steve’s hold.
Steve smiled softly and nodded. “Yeah. I think I will.”
Tony shuddered in his grasp, unsure of how to answer and unwilling, really, because there was a perfect excuse not to, what with the massive cock filling him up. Steve nuzzled at the side of Tony’s neck and pressed a kiss there that earned him another high whine.
Was the damn tape going to haunt him for the rest of his life?! If he could go back in time, he was going to punch Ty in the throat for suggesting they film themselves back on that stupid weekend trip to the Hamptons. They’d been drunk as hell, and Ty had been high as fuck, and Tony had been stupid enough to agree to the stupid bullshit, and now the world could watch 24-year-old him get tied down--badly, because Ty was
Tony repeated the move with his other nipple, and Steve groaned long and low, his hips jerking convulsively against Tony’s body as liquid heat stirred deep inside him. He was fully hard now, rock hard and aching for relief, and he gasped for air, too turned on to breathe properly. Steve shuddered and cried out as Tony leaned forward and
Steve sucked it all in, all the years of pain and his bitter heartache and his rage and self-recrimination and handled it like the man he was expected to be. He plunked himself down at a table with a with a bottle of liquor he couldn’t get drunk off and killed the whole thing off shot by shot, howling internally as he died in small increments. He wallowed for a bit, but he didn’t mourn; not like he wanted to. He’d do it later, when he could finally be away from all the oppressive attention. .
He’s leaking precome, can smell it, feel the glide of it as Tony’s movements become slicker. It’s a lot--he always had been a leaker, even before the serum--and Tony’s appreciative moans as he continues to blow him are sending frissons of pleasure all through his body, radiating out from his groin and making him leak more and more in appreciation, in anticipation.
“Jesus.”
“Will you use your nightstick on me?”
For the right reasons.
Steve hooked an arm around Tony’s neck and snatched him down in reply, pouring all of his desire and appreciation into a long and filthy kiss that was really more of a mauling than anything else, drinking in Tony’s whimpers and murmurs and soft gasps. He wanted
Tony goes stiff beside him, and Steve feels a flash of self-loathing that isn’t his, but before he can delve inside himself to pry at the nasty emotion brewing across the way, he feels Tony withdraw from him, leaving a burst of desperate reassurance and affection in his mental wake.
“You’re one of my best friends, Steve, of course I care about you.”
Jan heads back into the relative safety of the mansion, joining Clint (who is munching popcorn in the common room’s window, and Carol (who is sipping from her coffee mug).
Good plan.
“You sit back and relax, and i’m going to ride you until your brain dribbles right out of your ears.”
“You have a job and spend your free time working out or trolling joggers. That’s not a life. It’s just depressing.” Natasha shifted onto the balls of her feet and scanned the area, no doubt planning a swift--and deadly--approach.
“Bo-ring.” Natasha’s expression went disappointed.
“Where’d you go babe?” Tony’s voice was soft and quiet, not mocking but...pleased? Wondering, maybe. “You got so hot for me, Brooklyn, I thought you were going to leave me behind and shoot right off. You were so hot,
“I’m serious, Steve. You’re fucking hot, and I don’t want to hear any of your nonsense about the serum because I
Tony had a sudden deep and abiding need to see Steve in military dress, tried to imagine it, and let out an appreciative noise as he savored the mental image.
He wants this, wants it so badly.
“Definitely!” Jan’s grin is bright, and there is no doubt that she’s missed the insanity of being around the mansion. Tony’s surprised Jan actually waited a whole day and didn’t just turn up immediately once Clint started texting everybody about this whole “Steve got turned into a goat” fiasco.
Captain America would be a laughingstock.
Steve was just glad that Tony had been the one to go digging--Natasha’s inclination had been to just publicly burn all the spies and completely level the playing field. It was a drastic option, and one that he might have even considered if things were a bit more dire--and thank God that Project Insight’s helicarriers had only just started construction--but this method was preferable because it gave them better chances of routing out Hydra while still salvaging SHIELD.
For the love of God, they don’t have
Focus!
Everything.
Did Tony stop? Just work himself open and stick it in? He doubted it. Tony was too self-indulgent for that. No, he’d probably took the plug, traced himself with it, slowly worked it in and then pumped it in and out, nudging it against his prostate while he stroked himself off. Tony was quiet in the bedroom, all whimpers and low moans, husky, broken pleading... but alone? Was Tony noisy alone, giving reign to the need to vocalize his pleasure, or did he keep to the sweetly obscene murmurs and pleas, a dark and low tribute to his pleasure? He probably came so hard on it, twitching and gasping and--and--
Tony looks disgustedly at Clint. “That’s
) and the time that had been stolen from him (seventy years, a whole lifetime gone).
There is a surge of energy and a flash of light, and then, Steve is back, but...skinny.
idea that Stark was packing some serious action--what trashy celeb gossip had already insinuated had been instantly confirmed by the up close and personal view he’d enjoyed once he’d gotten the man’s pants undone (who didn’t wear
Fuck.
The secondary circle he arrives at is created with the shards of the Blue Ādaraya. A thrum of energy goes through him, somehow familiar and soothing, but distinctly not his own. It feels like the tingle that had gone through him when he initially leapt for Steve when the amulet had started cracking, and he can’t help the paranoia that surfaces. What’s going to happen
“I’m writing you a ticket.”
Tony scoffed, and Steve trembled as his warm brown eyes went dark and intense with carnal promise. “I’ve got you figured out now, Rogers. By the time I’m done with you, you won’t be able to form
“Pepper’s going to be wanting to have a “chat” sometime soon, too, just so you know.”
“Thor told me about the amulet, Tony. True love. Something that potent can’t be one-sided.”
Tony’s going to flip out any minute now, he knows it, he’s missing memories, losing time, losing track—
Tony’s howl of frustration carries in the stricken aftermath.
to the universe, and magic implies that those rules can be broken. Magic is reckless and unpredictable, and cannot be accurately accounted for. Tony has no qualms with what he likes to categorize as “sufficiently advanced science”, but
Horror surges through Tony at Steve’s reaction, and he instantly reaches into the bond to hurl reassurance and every positive thing he is capable of feeling across it. Normally it feels like he’s reaching out to a vague nothingness, but this time there is a demanding
It was plain and utilitarian, clearly nothing he would have ever chosen for himself, and aimed at discomfort. Tony had balked at it.
in their corner, because it’s for damn sure not Tony.
Steve Rogers had always been for the ice.
Steve can’t be here. Focus Tony. It’s just him, in his penthouse.
have to say the strippergram look really works for you...it's really working for me right now, too, I mean,
for a while. They’d been tearing their way through Hydra bases all over the world searching for some sign of Bucky, or Loki’s scepter, or both, and it was always a new experience because Hydra was nothing if not full of nasty surprises. Today’s egregious specialty? Mechanized Body Armor. He, Sam, and Natasha had dropped in on a Hydra bolthole outside Prague, only to discover that some wretched soul had decided to try and outfit Hydra agents with repurposed remnants of Justin Hammer’s knock-off War Machine armors. The things still packed one hell of a wallop, and he had the bruises, burns, and scratches to show for it.
Tony’s eyes widen in horror as he stares down at Steve’s triumphant expression.
was doing, but the words clogged up in his throat and he was just so damn tired, and just being able to stand there while Tony took care of him was an exercise in bliss.
“Okay, that thing is super old, and not even all that big of a deal. It gets trotted out every once in a while, but we got it discredited. Obie paid off some random actors to claim it as theirs. Most of the world thinks it’s a very good fake, nothing more.”
and Tony bucked in his grasp, humping the air in sheer desperation, searching for any kind of relief as Steve continued his obscene contemplation.
Steve let out a frantic whine and scrabbled for purchase when Tony braced one clever hand on the back of his neck, the other low on his hip, and plowed into his ass even harder. He was pinned in place and unable to do anything except writhe helplessly against the sloping candy-red hood of the S7 as he sought a release that was tantalizingly just out of reach. Steve was halfway to plotting murder or screaming in frustration, or maybe outright begging if it would do him any good, and Tony was still moving at that same infuriatingly leisurely pace, and good God, he was going to
He knows what’s happening. Tony is going to hold him and love him and endure it all silently, and never say anything of what he feels. As if it’s only real if he says it out loud. As if Steve doesn’t already know. He knows. He knows sure as anything, and he feels
“I’m multitasking.”
weird!” He doesn’t mean to snap or interrupt Tony, but the thought of loving and being loved by Tony, of suddenly being connected to him at such a deep level and having it written off as ‘weird’ is...appalling. He draws in a calming breath, tries again.
Tony’s been too focused lately on not getting eaten alive and trying to string a coherent thought together to find time to think about how much he wants to fuck Steve through the nearest surface—which is constantly—but he’s got 250 lbs. of vampire Steve settled in his lap, and apparently, a good tussle gets him going. Almost as much as winning does—Tony’s observant and he knows that grin well—it’s on Steve’s face every time he watches a Hydra base go up in flames, or he pisses off a bigot, or he gets Tony up in arms and verbally tongue-tied when they argue.
“And that makes it okay?”
She’d deserved better, and he’ll be damned if he lets this stand.
Tony snaps the anathema out of his sleeve with a sharp jerking motion and angles it toward Steve, who hisses and recoils, backing away until he is seated once more. He sneers at the anathema Tony is holding up to ward him off.
now, their tongues tangling and Tony exploring every bit of his mouth, but he’s not rushing it. Tony kisses him like he has all the time in the world and a checklist to go through. It’s frustrating, is what it is, but Tony has him pinned and working the buttons of his shirt open to expose more and more of his body.
Steve dropped his mouth to Tony’s ear and traced the outer curve with the tip of his tongue before whispering “Touch me” and then nibbled on his ear.
“Pat, this isn’t going to be like the Boeing thing. I’m just wondering if you’d be interested in overseeing our Sub-Saharan operations. I’ve got some interested parties in my oil alternatives.”
Tony looked over at their tsums, who were still cuddling obliviously, and back at Steve. “Steve Rogers. Captain America. My soulmate is
When they separate, Tony moved to lower himself, face hovering above Steve’s crotch. He stared at Steve, smirking as he dragged Steve’s boxers down, just enough to free his hard-on.
“F - fuck me!” Tony pleaded, “
At the middle of the night, Bucky awakens after a vision of the man he stabbed and of another man. An image of the alpha looking younger and with shorter hair, placing his lips over Bucky's bonding gland. A smaller man pressed on Bucky's left, kissing the blade of his shoulder.
Once more, he dreamt of the frozen lake, of feeling the sting of ice beneath his bare feet while desperately calling out for his absent husband.
Straddling Steve’s thighs and admiring Steve’s dick wrapped in condom, Tony coated his fingers with a generous amount of lube before plunging it inside himself. He started immediately with two fingers, to which he explained,
If there was a slight strain to Steve's friendly smile, Scott did not notice it.
She glanced at both Steve and Tony then flashed a pointed look.
Tony can't help they way his heart leaps. "Of course."
Steve rutted his hips against the other man, willing himself not to cum as Tony nibbled on his ear and neck.
“Burger King it is.” Steve adjusted the straps of his bag and walked beside Tony as they exited the campus in search for the nearest bus stop.
So yeah, there's a possibility that Tony is perhaps carrying a little Steve and a mini Bucky. Thank fuck for the abundance of lube and the wonders of double penetration.
Bucky scoffed, “Come on, Stevie. I’ve seen him —“
"--Oh,
Tony's already sticking his tongue down blondie's throat and the blondie's kneading Tony's ass like he's a baker and the butt is dough.
Steve groaned when he saw how beautiful Tony’s panty is. It matched perfectly his creamy skin and pert butt. The fabric is stretched to its limits as Tony’s boner takes up the remaining space.
Scott chuckled with slight unease. "I feel like I'm missing something here or my mind is just dirty."
When he does locate Steve, he feels his heart drop.
do you even have?"
He's leaving!
“Was about to -
Nat came from behind him, landing a hit at Bucky's arm. Caught unaware, Bucky attempted to wrest his bloddied arms away from her but Nat was quicker. She used all her strength to disarm him, twisted his arm with the dagger as her anchor. A sickening crack as the bones Bucky's arm are broken.
"If you return, I too will be a changed man."
Steve reached his left hand out to Tony, grasping at the air in hopes that he would take it.
“It’s not like I told him to kiss me, Steve!”
Steve reached for his cellphone, unlocked the screen with his thumbprint and tapped on his messaging app.
, Tony smelled good. Steve basked in the woodsy tobacco, vanilla, and sandalwood base notes of Tony’s cologne, and the faint tang of metal hidden beneath that, all mingled in with the lighter musk of Tony’s own scent, staring into Tony’s blue eyes.
“Hey Widow...remember how you said you’d do anything for five minutes alone with Rumlow?”
Tony dropped his arms to the sheets and snatched up great handfuls of them, and Steve could’ve built him a shrine for having enough presence of mind not to dig his nails deep into his shoulder blades and
Tony never gets enough sleep as it is, and he’s not going to wake his fella up now and drag him along so he won’t turn into a goat again, all just to get a sandwich.
Tony flinches, guilt crossing his expression. Steve moves a hand over to rest flat against Tony’s cheek, his thumb stroking slowly over the meticulously groomed hairs.
Steve glared daggers at Natasha, who had deliberately moved into the trajectory of his planned throw.
There’s something wrong with that statement.
, sending a sharp burst of aching pleasure down Tony’s spine, pulled so that he scarce had to move his head in order to whisper in Tony’s ear.
“Liar.”
“Tony, I--aagh!”
—that there will be more vampires if Steve gets his way.
the Winter Soldier, but what specifics that entailed…
It was an accident.
Tony Stark was a damn
He could feel his pleasure cresting, but Tony was still avoiding his prostate, and the pressure and heat by themselves weren’t enough to push him past the point of no return. Steve finally surrendered, letting himself fall submissively into Tony’s rhythm, completely at his mercy and not quite sure if he was glad of it.
Tony, he was driving him crazy!
“Do you have
“God, Steve, you’re beautiful.”
His breathing is ragged as he lets himself bask in the afterglow, too sated to do much more than lazily trace a finger along Tony’s face, over the finely sculpted angles of his cheekbones.
Tony grins against his chest and smugly settles back in to sleep before Steve can find the words he needs to explain to Tony why they’re finished.
Tony butted in before she can out them to the beta in the room. "Hey, Nat. Lemme guess? Change of plans too like Scott here?"
"When I hit the bottom of the lake, you were also there. Eyes closed, peaceful, as if you were just sleeping. You were warm, and I curled up next to you and slept."
Tony relucantly opened his eyes. Steve's voice when he confessed that he wished Tony would love him was so raw and broken.
"I - I'm, ahh,
The alpha withdraws Tony's dick from his warm mouth and uses his other arm to jerk Tony to orgasm. His fingers still jabbing at Tony's prostrate incessantly as the omega tightens around him and leaks copious amount of slick.
However, it is not a common knowledge that Steve Rogers is subscribed in all of Tony’s accounts. All of them. Nor does anyone know how he came so hard jerking off to Tony’s recent video because it featured Tony impaling himself on a customized dildo molded after Steve’s own dick - a gift he sent to Tony as an anonymous avid admirer.
Blondie--
Although, he can be organized if he wanted to.
A carrying omega rarely, if not at all, fought in battles. Fighting bore great risks that would endanger the life of both the carrier and the child. The loss of the unborn in such cases is unnecessary blood spilled. Pointless and cruel.
The amount of views he got tonight was higher than usual. He supposed it had to do with the clip he posted on Twitter the other day. It showed him in the hidden corner at the library, squirming in his seat as he set the vibrator inside him at its highest level. The buzz of it barely audible. Apparently, a lot of people had exhibitionist kink because that got a lot of likes and retweets.
." Beefcake groans audibly, which alerts Tony of his presence. Beefcake is ogling at his ass which is up in the air as he was bent over the floor.
Rhodey grinned and held out an arm to help Peter up. He dusted his clothes and picked up the axe on the ground. Rhodey circled him, ready for the next round. Peter sniffed then moved to a battle-ready stance, axe positioned securely in his hand.
Steve nodded in understanding. He patted her shoulders as a gesture of gratitude.
It's Pepper who pointed it out. What makes it absurd is that Tony's been sexually active since hitting puberty but Pepper's the one who figured that Tony has a, well, preference.
"But you prefer
Steve's rocking into him gently while Bucky's busy mouthing at Tony's neck and nipples but Tony still can't wave off the nausea that's gripping his soul. One particular thrust sends him whining but not in a sexually appealing way. More of a pained wail of an injured animal.
But Tony doesn't say it. Because a month from now, they'll be standing in from of their loved ones and if Tony confesses it to her now, he won't have anything left to say for his wedding speech.
"How is he?"
Pepper doesn't get the chance to reply. The blond beefcake that Tony's grinding on earlier returns from the restroom and proceeds to wrap his burly arms around Tony's waist.
"-- I'm sorry, Steve. I can't afford to have you only for you to eventually see that I was right."
Tony licked his lips, "No biggie, bug guy. Thought I smelled popcorn." Which is a complete lie. All he can smell right now is Steve's intoxicating alpha scent. The divine smell of popcorn is not on his radar given his predicament.
Steve sighs and heads to the balcony. Perhaps Tony's there, taking a breather from the glitzy crowd. When he reaches the balcony, he finally finds Tony. The smaller man was walking away from the entrance and a black limo's waiting for him.
Tony angrily stands up. He curls his soiled shirt into a ball and throws it at the alpha. "You!
Sorry again.
“He is barely a grown pup.”
The noises became louder and Steve joined them, thumping his shield in a similar manner. A battle cry, symbolizing that they are ready. Above them, ravens flew and Natasha glanced up at them.
, Tony."
Steve grins, "Shall we?"
"What did she see?"
His heart squeezed at the thought of Steve bonding with someone else but he grit his teeth and continued.
Tony screams as Steve fucks him roughly and jerks him off at the same time. He's drooling too, overwhelmed by the intense pleasure he's receiving.
He realized his mistake when he received a DM from Tony hours later.
"Have you talked with Wanda?" Steve questioned. The Volva lived near the outskirts of their lands, in a house surrounded by and decorated with animal bones. She is a woman of few words. Her brother is a great friend of Clint.
ones."
he wasn't aware that--
"Everyone's settled nicely and life seems to move forward after everything's that happened -- which is good, great, fantastic -- but,"
Tony musters a smile and nods. He heads towards Steve. The alpha greets him with a soft kiss on his cheeks. It should have made Tony's heart flutter but Steve's other arm is wrapped around a beautiful red-haired lady's waist.
"The way things are now... Don't get me wrong, I'm grateful for this semblance of peace we have. But, there's -- there's this anxiety bubbling within me. I feel restless, everyone's out there moving on with their lives and what am I doing?"
If you are
"Tony, it's no use. I can't hide anymore."
"Blame Stark, Lang. His whole existence is not safe for work." Nat teased with a msichevious glint in her eyes.
"P - Peter, get Bruce, p - please." Tony sobbed. Peter could only nod his head and ran out to fetch Bruce.
Steve smiled, "Perhaps one day, you shall accompany me and you'll be the one taking down their King's head."
Because,
"Boyfriend? What do you - oh! Bucky? He's my roommate! Haven't you read my note?"
Yes, because it's been almost a year now and it's not just the sex he stays for.
"They're too many!" Nat grunted. Steve tightened his grip on his axe. What she said was true - their numbers are much lower compared to Hydra. They have lost some of their kin and with how long they have been in battle, they are on the brink of exhaustion.
”I’m the only artist you know.” Steve retorted as he took a seat adjacent to Tony. “Besides, it’s easier to identify what color I’m running out of if my art supplies are sorted.”
"Must you sleep, mother? The sun is still up."
," He pleaded. But he knew it was too late.
The other man lowered Steve's thrown shield. Icy blue eyes glared at Steve.
Tony gave his neck one last lick before going through Steve’s drawer and fishing out the lube and a condom.
“Peter can do it.”
Tony made a move to walk aways but Steve trailed closely behind. He stepped in front of Tony in attempt to get his attention.
Steve dislodged his axe before surveying his surroundings. Sam is on his left, thrusting his great sword into the chest of a red-head man. Natasha is near Sam, stabbing her dagger in the legs of her foe.
Tony wants to say that it's not just their sexual prowess, but it's Steve's loving texts and calls when Tony's lonely; Bucky's massages when Tony's too stressed; the good mornings and good nights in between; the soft declarations of 'I love you's'; and all the little things that makes life worth living when he's beside the alphas.
Steve accepted, “Sure. I was actually heading to the cafeteria. Got other place in mind?”
Steve chuckled before draping an arm around Tony’ waist. Before sleep fully consumed him, an alarming thought crossed his mind.
Steve backed away. "We could work. We could be happy, Tony!  If we take this chance --"
The warriors shouted their enthusiasm, banging the blunt and of their weapons against their shields. Sam is grinning at him. A smirk is plastered on Natasha's lips. Clint is smiling with too much teeth showing.
Tony Stark: Can I come over?
"- long enough for you to master your skills. More time for your mother," Steve glanced at Tony before staring back at Peter. "to train you with axe and shield."
Some of Tony's seed hit Bucky's face, proving how explosive his orgasm was.
Steve flushed and Tony laughed. Scott, the poor idiot, was still clueless.
"I already have." Tony admitted. "Yesterday morning. The reason why I insisted on accompanying you to the Eastern lands."
"Can I tell mother?" Peter squared his shoulders.
-- because I hoped,"
Now that it looked like they finally achieved what they aimed for, Tony's just....lost.
Tony whined. Steve didn’t relent. Instead, he massaged and teased him even more. “Tell me you need my cock, Tony.”
"I ache from your loss."
Tony feels his orgasm building with the continuous forceful thrusts, but Steve suddenly slows down. He teasingly drags his dick out of Tony's hole, leaving only the head in and the rest out. Tony tries to buck but Steve grips his hips to steady him.
Tony did not move to place his lips on the cup. He stared blankly at the roof, "I do not feel thirsty. Nor hungry."
It is a common knowledge around the campus that Tony Stark has an OnlyFans account, a Chaturbate account, a verified Pornhub account, and a separate Twitter account filled with racy photos and lewd short clips.
He runs back to the bedroom, seething because
The deep sound of Hydra sounding their battle horn caught his attention. What's left of the surviving enemy cheered as moments later, they heard the thunderous rumble of reinforcements charging towards them. Armin Zola sneered at him, taunting him.
"Ohh! -
A knowing smile graced Tony’s lips, “It is too early, but I feel in my bones that this would be a girl.”
The other alpha faltered before gathering himself and throwing back Steve's shield to his face. There was little doubt to the man's identity - this is Bucky, the same alpha who grew up alongside Steve, Sam, and Nat. Bucky, whose father was a farmer and whose house lived near the river.
"Oh, sure." Steve replies. He smiles at his date and the woman smirks back before leaving them.
to sit on?
”Burger King. Craving for some greasy burgers and passable onion rings.”
"Steve, I...Look, one day you'll find an accomplished omega, or beta, or alpha, and then you'll live your happily-ever-afters with them in a white picket fence mansion."
He knocked three times on Steve’s door, “FBI open up!”
"Yeah. Their big dicks help too, since I'm a size queen and all."
“Daughter?” Steve asked, breath catching in his throat. Wonder filled his eyes as it drifted from Tony’s face down to his belly.
Tony is hit with a memory of this happening in his previous live cam: Steve, or rather NomadTheCaptain, demanding him to beg for his dick. Oh how sweetly Tony begged then. He whined, pleased and NomadTheCaptain rewarded him with praise and tokens as Tony orgasmed over the blue, vibrating butt plug he stuffed up his hole.
"Stop that! Do you really want me to fully knot you
"Wanna fuck?" Tony blurts out.
"Patience, Tony." Steve whispers in Tony's ear before biting it playfully then slamming all the way back in.
"And I can't spend another day thinking about what your answer would be --"
"You were taken from me before you could take your first breath. I am changed. Now, there is no moment where I have not thought of you."
His mother is screaming.
He lunged towards Rhodey, burying his frustration at not being permitted to join the raid against Hydra.
Something inside Steve stirred.
"Gods above," Sam breathed, wincing as the wound stung and fresh blood flowed from it. Steve nodded and continued to stab through their enemies.
"-- Hope's finally agreed to marry Scott. Thor's smiling genuinely nowadays. Bucky's out there protecting the friendly neighborhood with Pete and Sam. And you know how those two mouth off so Bucky's either a saint or he's using tech that can mute the noise spilling from those two."
Ok, so
Tony didn’t expect Steve to actually like his post using his real Twitter. Of course, Tony’s not naive. He knew Steve is NomadTheCaptain even before he sent him that dildo. Tony’s an expert when it comes to tech stuff and tracing his regulars on Chaturbate is as easy as reciting the Pythagorean theorem.
"Peter, your mother needs you at his side. Your sister too." Steve gestured towards Tony's middle. "I need you to help your mother to protect our lands from any harm."
"Bucky?"
Bucky's currently sucking his dick, shoving it down his throat as deep as he can take while his fingers are doing Dora the Explorer inside Tony's ass.
on Steve--"
”- ain’t you a tiny bit curious? He’s loaded but he has an OnlyFans. Surely he isn’t doing this for money.”
Steve wetted his fingers with it, dragging it across the lid of his eye up to his chin. He prayed to the gods for strength.
If he’s being entirely honest, he’d admit that he’s attracted to Tony. And that he’s probably in love with the guy too.
Of course, it alarms both Steve and Bucky. They halt their movement and Steve carefully pulls out. Which Tony is grateful for, because as soon as Steve's disconnected from his ass, Tony hurries to the bathroom and regurgitates the roast beef and baked potatoes he consumed earlier.
"Of how you would feel inside my arms." An image flashed in his mind, a newborn child cradled between him and Tony. He pressed his lips together, to stifle the sob threatening to spill from his mouth. It overflowed despite his attempts.
Pepper screams.
His current lovers are both, err, bigger than the average.
Tony stood at the port, watching as Steve carried a barrel filled to the brim with rations of food. He hauled it, loading it to the longboat with care not to spill its contents. Peter stood beside his mother, a frown on his lips as he stared at Steve.
Once the ships are anchored and the warriors are standing on the shore, Steve looked at them all with pride.
quads, isn't it a little
Frustration with his father and with the battle not fought faded to the thrill of his training results, Peter returned to the longhouse with head held high. He had a story to share with his mother.
Pepper's eyes are misty as she takes in the picture of the twin blobs. She kisses Tony's cheeks and wipes her eyes.
"-- Oh! Erm,"
"-- I'll burn our dinner. I'll disturb your sleep. I drink too much coffee and get pissy when I don't.  I have no filter. I talk too much --
”Eh, got you to smile, didn’t it?”
Tony giggled. Winter is one of his regulars and several times, he mentioned how much he wanted to rim Tony. Obviously, ass play is one of Winter’s kink.
Steve patted his son's cheek fondly. "Take care of yourself, my son."
Peter wrinkled his brows, "If I am an omega, I would chose not to fall pregnant. I would rather travel, sail to the ends of the world."
"Of what you would look like; how you would have laughed; how you would cling to your mother and your brother;" A fleeting, fond smile appeared on his lips even as he is engulfed in grief.
Steve closed the distance between them. He held Tony's hands.
he straight-laced Captain America can carry a conversation while pretending he's not currently balls deep and fully knotted to Iron Man.
Steve knew him. Intimately.
"The ice beneath me broke and I fell into the freezing water. And yet - and yet, I didn't feel as though I was drowning."
"Have you seen Tony?" Steve asks Sam. He's been searching all over the place for the omega but he keeps getting pulled by people wanting to chat.
It's the morning kisses, the breakfast in bed, the random lunch dates, the walks in the park, the dreaded weekend gym dates, the opening of Steve's art gallery, the endless taste tests of Bucky's new recipe; and so much more.
Summoning all his courage and willing his body to ignore his exhaustion, Steve shouted the order to open the Shield wall.
Nat strolled in with her nose scunched up. Probably smelling the lewd pheromones in the air.
Tony shook his head again, as if to silently beg Steve not to talk, not to say what he is about to say. He justs wants Steve to stop.
, Pep. Bye!"
Pepper shrieks.
"What, no! We're still fucking!" Tony hisses. A sense of déjà vu hits him because he recalls this happening before : Pepper yelling at him because there's flowers on his work table.
" Tony breathes a long drawn-out moan.
So, he's madly blushing like a fool under Pepper's icy glare.
Red-faced, Steve crumpled the bundle of tissues and threw it at Tony. “Don’t be crass!”
Always practice safe sex.
Tony cried out as Steve inserted three fingers before even letting Tony finish his sentence. He’s loose enough to accommodate those fingers, but the suddenness of the action left a pleasurable burn. He felt his toes curl as Steve angled down, poking his prostate in a slightly rough manner - just the way Tony liked it.
The knowledge that Steve's roommate is only a few feet away makes it more arousing.
Tony closed his eyes, a single drop of tear escaped from it and ran down his face. "I dreamt of you last night."
"Just fucking?! Explain why you're having a dinner date later then!"
"Never hesitate." Rhodey reminded Peter as he towered above him, his great sword pointed at the young man's throat. Peter panted before nodding, his own weapon lay beside him, knocked out of his hands.
Something real. A spark.
Tony turned to face Steve, a playful grin plastered on his face. He expected the alpha to be smiling too but there's solemn look on Steve's face instead.
Tony willed his body to tighten around Steve’s cock. “I am no Freyja. And we have no need of her for I am already carrying your daughter.”
“Your beauty, my love. You look as though Freyja has invited herself upon my bed.”
Tony wrapped his arms around himself and turned his gaze away from his alpha. A frown sat upon his lips and there’s sorrow in his eyes. Steve moved to stand in front of him, carefully placing a hand on Tony’s neck to placate, to soothe. Tony leaned to his touch.
Pepper is livid.
He felt tears cloud up his vision. He’s a creepy, pathetic jerk who got his rocks off from his friend. A sad, sad man who harbours feeling for said friend. He doesn’t bother adding anymore explanation. He’s fully expecting Tony to block him. But he got a reply instead,
Tony chuckled at his pouting son. Peter had wanted for him to teach about weapon crafting. Tony promised him last night that he would spent the afternoon sharing his knowledge and showing him how to create the sharpest blade for both axe and daggers. But his body demanded rest.
Except Pep isn't a hairy giant barging in and Tony's not a scrawny child who's in the middle of awakening his magical powers. Taking in humongous cocks doesn't qualify as 'magical powers'.
Nat huffed, "Oh, I'm sure it is. But with all that
"...What
”Definitely enjoyed your gift, Cap. Lovely cock you have.” Tony waggled his brows at the camera and smirked playfully. He knows the real identity of Nomad and concluded that he got off just fine at the sight of Tony pleasuring himself with his present.
A year and a half of superb sex and numerous dates, Tony still haven't directly informed his dearest Pepper that he's very much in love with both Steve and Bucky.
"They'll be the perfect mate. Always taking care of you and making sure you know you're loved --"
The fast food joint is too crowded so they opted for take-out. Fortunately, Steve’s apartment is just a few blocks away.
More blood flowed from between his legs. He howled with misery as he felt the life from inside him fades. He curled over himself, touched the blood seeping to the furs. He held the clumps of blood soaked-flesh in palm. He pulled it close to his chest, close to his heart.
, genitals, just use dicks, cocks, penis, love hammer, or whatever."
Steve grunted and pushed back with all his might, throwing the man off of him. He regained his composure and stood, legs spread evenly to balance his weight. He put some distance between them before lowering his shield.
She totally knew. Of course, she knew. She's a full-blooded alpha.
Steve grins, "Thought you'd never ask."
“How did you figure it out?”
getting frisky on the couch was a bad idea. Then again, canoodling on the team's public space was never a good idea even if the others aren't around.
Steve placed his hands on top of Tony's and gave it a gentle squeeze. A gesture to convey his intention to comfort his mate. There was more to what Wanda had told Tony,
Tony grinned and leaned closer to Steve. He arched his back, bringing his chest lower. His nipples brushed against Steve’s, eliciting a moan from them both.
Tony shook his head. His eyes looked scared as he held Steve's gaze. Steve opened his mouth but Tony didn't let him speak.
His shoulders shook as sobs wracked his body. He was a man broken by the loss of innocent life; a father mourning the death of his child.
Not at all creepy, nope.
Oh fuck. His arousal is boiling now.
Steve cannot fathom why his mate insisted on raiding with him, even more so considering Tony is in a precarious situation.
"I love you, Tony."
Steve patted his son's cheek, "When your sister is able to stand on her own legs, you'll get your taste of Hydra blood."
Thanks again for reading!
Tony's foolish to hope that Steve returns his feelings. A hard lesson he learns at the premiere of their final part of the Dior ad.
Tony walked straight to the couch and made himself at home despite Steve trailing awkwardly behind him. There’s a weird tension on him, as though he’s expecting Tony to start screaming ‘pervert!’.
Tony steps out of the limousine, all dolled up and eager to find Steve among the crowd. The camera flashes makes it hard to spot the alpha.
(Or maybe in this case, think of the devil and she'll manifest physically.)
There was little distance between them and yet it felt like they each stood at cliff's edge. Steve took a step forward and Tony held his ground.
"I am sure Tony would be happy to hear of your achievement today."
As they near the shores of Hydra, the warriors prepared their best weapons, sharpening them with stone and adjusting the straps of their shield. A wooden bowl filled with blood is passed around and they each dip their fingers in it. They painted their faces using the red, viscous liquid. Different markings to signify their intent to fight, their prayers to the gods asking for their favour.
Steve doesn’t feel as happy anymore. The stream on his laptop stops. He removed the earphones and exited Incognito mode.
Tony had captioned the tweet:
Peter beamed at him. Steve ruffled his son's hair, which is still short for a proper braid. Peter ducked away from his father. He ran a hand through his hair and fixed his hair.
The grin on Tony's face fell as he meet Steve's gaze. It was piercing, heated, and Tony's heart started pounding.
Tony’s answer is a totally genuine snore.
Tony deflects, "
"What! No, Pete's a great dude." Scott replied. "Just a bit impulsive."
"I'm having a baby." Tony declares. His face is the very definition of stubborn, defiant omega.
Later, when they're done dishing out their excitement at the future heir of Stark Industries, Pepper reveals that she knew all along that Tony's on the way to triad mating. Steve and Bucky had approached her and in a way, asked for her blessing before seeking advice on how to approach Colonel James Rupert 'Rhodey' Rhodes and ask for the alpha's blessing.
Steve hurriedly squirted lube on his finger and Tony would have laughed fondly at his enthusiasm but he’s too aroused and he’s becoming desperate for stimulation.
Tony Stark: Im not mad
“If you come, there will be no one left to rule these lands.” Steve reasoned.
Tony denies her accusations. He refuses to be typecasted into a slutty omega salivating over big dicks.
I’m sorry.
"Any chance I can burrow my legs under your blanket?"
With a shaky exhale, Tony wrapped his arms around Steve and took a leap of faith.
Tony barked out a short laugh that had a slight hysterical tone. The truth is that he's envious. After Thanos, he worked hard with everyone to make things better. He helped familes reunite and spent so much time and effort trying to get back the normal version of Earth, the way everything once was back when Thanos hadn't snapped his gross fingers yet.
"SHIELD WALL!" Steve bellowed, backing away and raising his shield to his chest. The rest of his men joined him and they banded together. Shields positioned as the Hydra reinforcements lunged at them.
"He doesn't mind the noise." Steve pants in Tony's ear as he thrusts his dick harder into Tony's dripping hole. "
Tony's ass is dripping with so much slick. Thank fuck Steve laid out a towel on the bed. The sheets won't be ruined and clean up will be easier.
"Yes, a baby." Tony replies, "Your baby."
Pepper squeezed his arm softly, "Yet you must, Tony. Recover your strength for life still flows from your body."
The danger with having a dummy account for liking Tony’s tweets is that there’s a chance that Steve will accidentally like Tony’s tweet using his real account. Something that Steve realized the night after his finals exams are done.
-- But Steve looked so hurt, devastation plastered on his face. It clawed Tony's heart to see him crushed.
She whispered in awe. The raven's black wings spread wide as they hover above them. Natasha repeated her words, shouting, "Odin is with us!"
"I know you," Bucky croaked. Sam stirred from his seat and gazed upon him. "Or rather, I feel as if I know you."
“Lube?”
And that, he's officially joining the omegas who are into triad mating.
"Here, drink some water," Pepper gently offered, crouching beside Tony with a hollow look in his eyes. Her heart broke to see her dear friend broken with loss.
NomadTheCaptain: Enjoyed my present?
He imagines if Steve and Bucky had average sized penises - or if they have smaller than the average - would he stay and still be satisfied?
Steve gripped Tony's hips hard and hissed, "
(He did share about his sex life, that he's fucking both Steve and Bucky. But he doesn't talk about feelings, he can ramble about how he made the alphas creams themselves at the same time and enjoying the occasional double penetration but feelings? Love? Nah, he's too shy.)
Sam glanced towards the corner where the wounded man slept. His entire left arm wrapped in torn cloth. Bruce had it bound to hasten the healing of his broken bones.
Tony clenched again and it's fucking torture because
"When you talk about your sex life, you fixate on their genitals."
The shield dropped with a loud thunk. Steve felt his knees buckle, strength leaving his body. He is not certain if the raven staring at him perched on the tree to his right is real. More blood seeped out of his wounds. Bucky is watching him, uncertainty clouding his gaze.
WinterIsCumming: shit, look how stretched and red u r....damn...
"-- I can't. I don't want to risk what we have now. Come on, we both know it's not going to work! Look at us! We're
(Tony brags about Steve sketching Bucky going to town on Tony's ass and Bucky giving Tony a show as he spreads whip cream all over Steve and licking it all off.)
Right?
As for the parentage, the doctor delicately added,  there have been cases of superfecundation with omegas in triad mating.
Pepper shakes his head, Tony's drunk but not so much that he's incapable of consenting to fucking.
"Oh, shut up! Steve's just a thoughtful man! He's just making sure I eat dinner!" Tony shoots back at her.
Steve catched his shield before sprinting towards his axe. He picked it up and readied himself but Bucky is on him faster than he anticipated. Pain seared through him as a dagger punctured his side. Blood splattered to the ground as Bucky removed the dagger.
Steve pinched Tony's nipples under his shirt to retaliate. Tony squirmed.
Tony rushed towards Steve, excusing himself as he wades through the throng of students in the hallway.
Bucky breathlessly laughs as he swipes the stray cum from his face and licks it off of his thumb. He removes his other fingers from Tony's hole and smirks as slick slowly and stickily drips from his fingers.
Tony brightened up as he spotted the familiar username. Nomad, or Cap as he liked to call him, is also one of his regulars and he is the least creepy among his admirers - which is one of the reasons why Tony had accepted his gift. And what a gift it was, the dildo he used just now.
Tony utters an embarassed 'eep!' and apologises for barging in. The urge to pee vanishes.
Gritting his teeth, Peter jerked his head and gave a short nod of understanding. In his heart, he still looked unconvinced. There's disappointment in him at his father's rejection.
Moving with surprising speed, the alpha lunged at him with a set of deadly daggers. Steve ducked and dodged, circling around him with his shield positioned over his chest to block the blows. The man was too quick and Steve miscalculated his move, knocking the axe out of his grasp. Steve hurriedly took a step back to distance himself once again.
, film a clip when I saw your like.” Tony angled his fingers up in search of that tiny, magical, pleasure-filled bump. “
"We have fought against the impossible before. We shall endure this too."
Tony can't leave. He can"t. Not yet.
Tony said nothing. Mind occupied with thoughts of his lost child. Pepper closed her eyes for a while, silently pleading for the gods to bring comfort to the grieving mother. She then stood up and tucked the loose strands of hair on Tony's face behind his ear, a fond yet sad smile on her lips.
He’s kneeling, wearing a lacy red panty. In front of him are five toys: an egg-shaped vibrators, a cock ring, a handcuff, and two dildos. One’s a beautiful glass dildo and the other is a bigger then average with a flared knot before the base.
--the blond alpha has a partner.
"Are you badmouthing my mentee?" Tony managed to reply. He deserved an Oscar for not sounding fucked out.
Tony snuggled closer to him, “I’m a genius, Steve. I hacked into Pentagon when I was twelve. Of course, I’d know all the identities of my viewers at Chaturbate, and in all my accounts.”
Tony took a few steps forward and spread out his arms. He turned back to face Steve.
Tony flashes a lopsided smile as he waves the sonogram. There's two blobs and the doctor informs them that he's having twins.
Scott watched them with amused expression. Oh, if he only knew...he's lucky he's a Beta and he can't scent them. They're screwed if it's Bucky or Nat who walked in.
Tony Stark: Why are u sorry?
Tony scoffed, "Falcon? A great mentor? He's just as worse as Bucky. Pete's better than those two id — ahhh!"
There is tremor in his words. Tears fell freely from his eyes, "Why did you have to die, dear child?"
He climaxes, with a very loud litany consisting of Steve's name and several other curse words.
Steve kicked Bucky hard on his shins.
Hah!"
The fight continued even as Nat and Sam retreated to carry Steve out of harm's way. At the end, Hydra was greatly diminished and Zola called for retreat.
”Tony, I - I honestly don’t know what to say...” Steve faltered, feeling self-conscious.
Steve interrupted.
Because he knows Steve wanted too.
After almost an entire week of craving every food known to existence and saying hello to yesterday's dinner on the toilet bowl, sometimes on the sink, Tony begrudgingly schedules an appointment with his doctor.
"-- We don't argue all the time --"
That's all it ever was, an act.
Rhodey bumped into Peter's shoulder, a rare proud beam on his lips. Towards the end of their training, Peter managed to land a hit on the battle-hardened Viking. He halted just in time, nicked Rhodey's clothes as a result.
Then again, no matter how much Tony loved the toy, Steve can never offer the actual thing it’s based on because Tony can never know that his friend is a creep who jerks off to him.
Tony's heart is leaping from his chest. He thought that nights where he got thorough banging from two alphas was just having fun. Evidently, it's not.
“Th - that was,
Peter blinked and furrowed his brows. He is not certain  if he heard someone scream. Shrugging, he resumed sharpening his axe. It was a gift from his mother, a training weapon. The handle had a carving of a rune depicting Peter's name. It has been in his possession since two summers ago. No blade will ever compare to the ones his mother crafted.
As soon as the elevator door opens, Steve runs outside the building and towards the black limo.
"Hey, isn't it a little bit cold in here?" Scott commented as he rubbed his hands together. He looked at the blanket covering Steve and Tony.
Pepper huffs, "What, he sends you expensive flowers and asks you out on dinner because he's
It's what they do for a living, they act.
Steve slumped on his bed. His laptop is still open, earphones still plugged in his ears. Tony’s rambling about orgasms and the different toys he has but Steve’s too occupied and overjoyed with the revelation that Tony enjoyed his cock. Never mind that it’s just a replica, it was still his gift! His penis!
Sam is sure Bucky's wounds and his arm would heal. He hoped that his mind will, too.
Steve raised a brow at him, then turned his gaze to Tony with the same amusement dancing in his eyes. Tony gestured subtly at him to grace their son with a reply.
Steve’s face went red as the panties Tony wore last week and it’s fucking adorable.
Pepper throws the card from the chocolate box right at Tony's chest.
All the treasures they've regained from Hydra could never console him from the death of his own blood. With Tony's condition, Steve feared for him. He cannot lose him too.
Tony dropped his head on his lover's firm shoulders. He catched his breath and tried not to shout as Steve forced him to be still. The dick inside him going deeper and growing bigger. The semi-knot is on it's way to full.
"I am most certainly not. How dare you." Tony replies to his longtime friend. The alcohol in his system is making him slur over his words. But it's a well-deserved drink, or drinks, because after months of hardwork, they bagged the coveted partnership with Pym Technologies.
"Have you seen Zola?!" Steve shouted at them as he evaded another hit.
Instead, he grabbed Steve's hands and held it tight. They're rough and calloused just like his. But they're warm and perfect.
“I have a life.”
“Good boy,” Steve began, and chuckled darkly at Tony’s tiny and despairing “Ohhhh, fuck” as his cock jerked and he shuddered involuntarily at the praise.
Clint blinks slowly and mumbles a good morning at Steve as he reaches directly for the pot.
Steve trailed off in and let out a long groan as Tony bore down into his muscles. It hurt at first, but the gel Tony was was working into his back chilled his ache, and as he continued to work the knots out of Steve’s muscles, the initial cooling disappeared in a rush of comforting warmth, and soon Steve felt himself going limp, falling into a haze of relief and sheer bliss as Tony began to work what felt like decades of tension out of his sorely abused muscles.
It had taken a minor miracle to get Steve back to the mansion in the first place so they could all return home, and along the way, Steve had eaten a cardboard box belonging to a grifter that Tony had given a hundred bucks to in recompense, a copy of the Bugle that had been blowing down Fifth Avenue, and then almost an entire pizza Tony had picked up from La Fresca and used to lure Steve back towards the mansion with, slice by slice. The last slice of pizza had been pilfered by Clint when they got inside the mansion, and then Steve had eaten most of the box too. Tony hadn’t been able to do anything except watch him in stunned horror, because what the fuck.
“Oh, it would still take some time to get everything lined up, and then the logistics alone… it’d be another year probably before you’d have to relocate. More than enough time for Lauren to wrap up fourth grade. Fifth too, probably.”
and there’s no choking back the sob as cool hands rest daintily on his cheeks and soft lips press a kiss to his forehead.
But this? This looks exquisite, and Tony doesn’t trust anything to do with Steve these days—he
useful with his life. Turned out useful was the California Highway Patrol, because he couldn’t even go back home, oh no. The government had stashed him in California, way on the opposite side of the nation, and left him to his own devices.
His hair--once an artful tousle that had cost him quite the pretty penny--was just a mess now, sticking up in wild directions and obviously sex-wrecked.
They were still a few hours away from last call, but Steve had no interest in closing the bar down; Tony was brilliant, and charming, and an incorrigible flirt, and as much as he hated to admit it, Natasha was right--he needed a good time, even if it was just for one night.
“Steve, I can’t believe I’m the responsible one here--” Tony shuddered and rocked against his body when Steve twisted his hand
Tony’s hand drops reflexively to Steve’s back, and he slowly runs the flat of his palm back and forth, not sure if he's soothing himself or Steve.
, just give me a moment.” They lay still against each other, letting the night breeze blow over them and then Tony was pulling back out and easing back into him, slowly at first, letting Steve adjust. Slowly but surely, the overwhelming feeling of intrusion was overridden with frissons of pleasure, and Steve relaxed even more, allowing Tony to move uninhibited.
the Howlies, and Phillips and Howard and
Tony sagged, head falling limply back against Steve’s chest and all his weight settling down into Steve’s lap so that his next thrust went deeper and deeper until every thrust hit directly against his prostate, and Tony wailed against Steve’s hand as pleasure, brilliant and overwhelming, surged through his body in an electric flash.
He’d put Steve through a lot, hadn’t he?
He can do that, no problem.
Undeath.
that look said.
long time ago.
“Forget the goat thing, Danvers. Where did the other 80% of you go?”
Good. God.
Tony, seemingly overwhelmed by the internal friction, slumped forward, bracing himself against Steve’s pecs as he twitched and shuddered, his breath coming out in strained huffs.
His mother died in pain and horror, an assassin’s afterthought, and the monster in Steve’s body (
Shit.
“Time to what? Sit in your room and mope? Brutalize another hapless punching bag? Skip therapy sessions?”
but this time he kept it slow and light, and all the more intense for it. When Tony finally pulled back, Steve was unable to stop himself from trying to follow after him, but was met with Tony’s index finger, pressed lightly against his lips.
Tony pours another drink. Slams it back. Retches a few minutes later.
Steve had wandered into the minefield of Tony’s emotion processing to know to pick and choose his battles. He let Tony take the time he needed to regain his equilibrium, and rubbed the soft satin sheet pooled around him between his fingertips, wondering how everything in his life could have gone completely bottoms up for the second time now. He’d finally gotten his feet back under him, had started to adjust, and now this.
Tony’s resolve weakens and he wants to eat, but he knows that will spell his undoing—he knows his lore, and it’s always that voluntary surrender of humanity, that final step that seals the fall, but it’s so tempting and smells so wonderful and he’s
“Army. I never managed to work my way back home after I got out.”
huffs of air were punched out of him by the deliciously hard fucking.
God, he has
After what felt like an hour, Steve’s back felt like warm goo, and Tony leaned further forward to begin the same process on his arms.
Steve tilts his wine glass towards him in a slight salute, as if acknowledging that Tony’s worries are justified, then raises it to his lips, savoring it as he drinks.
“No! Don’t let me change into a goat again!” Steve’s voice is uncharacteristically panicked, and Tony can’t fault him for that at all. This has got to be the most disconcertingly weird day he’s gone through since he woke up in the future, and Tony’s not going to be the one to make it worse.
“It’s trash anyway.” Wanda levitates the paper over to the trashcan and incinerates it in a burst of red magic. “It’s good that you’re here, Tony. We decided that we should try to restore the Captain to his rightful form ourselves.”
Steve deemed him ready then, removed his fingers so that he could coat his erection with lube, and Tony begged, maybe sobbed, his lips pressing against the hot flesh of Steve’s hand as useless syllables burst free from his mouth and died softly as inch after hot, throbbing inch was relentlessly pressed into him.
“I like this shirt.”
wreck
about--you know what? Never mind. Of course you’re grossly invading my privacy.”
Steve moaned brokenly as Tony tightened his legs around his hips and rocked against him in a slow grind that sent heat rushing down his spine. “Can’t you just fucking flex and shred your shirt? I feel like that’s a thing you should be able to do?”
(He’s dying in gasps.)
Tony throws a hand out as his temper finally frays, and all Steve can think is that it’s better than the damn silence.
not the wet sciences, and the shareholders were too conservative to accept the sort of fiduciary impact wading in fresh to the pharmaceutical industry would have caused. Not fresh on the heels of the upheaval Howard’s death caused.
Natasha shrugged. “I invade everyone’s privacy. It’s even easier when you leave your cell phone unlocked in the kitchen.”
Relieved, Steve sagged into Tony’s space, close enough to share the same air, but not touching each other’s lips yet. “Thank you.”
“You’re dead.”
[[Probably half the Triskelion, too.]]
Finally,
, and Tony thinks he’s drowning as he chokes down mouthful after mouthful, thinks he’s going to lose whatever shred of his wits he still has left when Steve clenches down and squeezes tight on his cock, coming untouched in heavy spurts that land in hot splatters on his stomach, on his chest.
“How long was I out?” Steve began to shift around and work his way into an upright position, but was shoved back down quickly enough. Tony, Steve remembered, was stronger than most people gave him credit for. That slender frame was all muscle, and no minor amount of preternatural might behind it all as well. Tony couldn’t quite manhandle him around normally, but in this weakened state, the advantage was his.
weird.”
Tony laughed, a playfully sinister thing, full of mischief and intent as he rode his shifting out like a pro bull rider. “Now, I think it would be truly awful for me to waste all of that effort I put in to making you nice and pliant by making you do the brunt of the work, so here’s what we’re going to do, tiger.”
I’m not letting you off the Quinjet so you can get killed!”
and then haul your sorry ass to the hospital to make sure you didn’t
The reassurance helped a bit, and Steve closed his eyes, reveling in the soft massaging wash. “Alright, Tony.”
Tony trailed off as he stared at the now empty bed, and the torn restraints. “...shit.”
, don’t be selfish, Brooklyn.”
(Don’t go down this road again. This doesn’t end well.)
Steve got those evil fingers of his back in his hair, angling his head so he could stare into the large mirror a few feet away.
“We’re going to also have a chat about this upcoming Friday night.”
The Time Thor Lost A Fight To A Belligerent Rat.
“Okay, fuck, okay gorgeous, here, lay down.”
Steve had to marvel yet again at the depths of Tony’s insecurity.
“I’m going to kiss you, Tony. Speak now, or forever hold your peace.”
his treacherous mind supplies,
“Steve--
Steve all but howled in frustration as Tony stopped and removed his fingers.
‘fucked to death on a sports car’ can’t be the sum of my life, holy shit,
Sam shakes his head, "Nah. Scott's been looking for him too. Something about a Gucci offer."
"Ready to go, babe?" Tony breathily asks the alpha once their mouths are no longer connected.
WinterIsCumming: Any plans 2 remove that dildo? Wanna lick ya out, sweetheart.
Even with fewer Hydra warriors, victory still felt far from their reach. Zola seemed to disappear once the battle began. There was no sign of him anywhere. A gnawing feeling stirred inside of Steve, a foreboding sense warning him that something unpleasant will occur.
Dreams often have meanings attached to it. Tony rarely had dreams which he could vividly recall the morning after. Such dreams forbode an occurence of something significant - whether it is good or not is up to the interpretation of the Volva.
“How many?” Steve asked as he traced Tony’s rim with his index finger.
Tony feels Bucky's throat constrict over his dick and shit, he's almost coming. He taps Bucky's shoulder as a warning sign.
Pepper, a beta and no, he won't disrespect what they had by mulling over her sexual prowess;
,” Tony panted and wiped the streak of cum off of his chest.
But his past lovers consisted of various dick sizes, not to mention, some had no dicks at all.
So, remembering the first night he met Steve, he confirms a vehemently denied assumption of Pepper,
Steve said it with utmost sincerity and overflowing passion that it broke Tony's heart.
Tony nuzzled the side of his face into Steve's warm, calloused palm, marking the man with his scent. "When will you be leaving?"
Tony shrugged before taking a huge bite off of his food. Steve had a point. Tony’s own room was chaos in physical form. Robotic Science involved a lot of stuff and Tony just has little patience with sorting and shit. He’s doing fantastic, so far.
Despite having more Vikings, Hydra is still failing to defend their lands from the might of Jarl Steve and his men. Steve had already run his axe through dozens of Hydra but Jarl Zola is nowhere to be found. He grunted as he raised his shield up to deflect an attack. He waited for the right moment before pushing back and toppling the larger man. Blood splatters on his face as he bashed his axe against the man's face,
"You said before that you wanted to build a farm, settle down with someone and live a simple life. I could give that to you, if you'd let me."
, out with Hope today?"
The alphas shower him with kisses and warm hugs. All three of them are wearing the biggest, disgustingly happy grins on their faces.
Steve pressed down, “Tell me you need my cock.”
“— Hold up, what do you mean you saw him?” Steve interrupted.
What a nightmare.
"My child," Steve breathed out into the open air. "I have come to say goodbye to you properly."
"But they're not you, Tony.
Tony Stark: ...srsly?
Steve furrowed his brows, "Don't say that. Tony, don't say that --"
Pepper screeches.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You don't want me, Steve. I -- I'm not, I can't even take care of myself. I'll spend my days at the lab. I'll forget our anniversaries --"
- fingered myself earlier. S’why I’m still loose.”
So, their sexy twosome became threesome. Just like that.
Ty, an alpha, may he rot in hell, had a big dick and an evil heart;
Heart clenching at the sight of his mate in distress, Steve held him close. Pressed his forehead against his. "Tell me what has got you upset."
- Which is true, Steve is a pervert. But a good one, not one of those Craigslist assholes. Plus, he’s dashingly sexy too.
Justin, fellow omega but an extreme dipshit, had smaller pecker;
Tony stood up from the couch and positioned himself a few inches away from Steve. He let all his sensuality bleed in his body language and prayed that he came off as seductive and not desperate.
"He will fade if he continues to do so," Pepper's eyes start to water, fearful of his friend's fate. "Promise me you will not let it come to that."
, Tony berates himself.
And it's not Steve who sent them, it's from a certian James Buchanan 'Bucky' Barnes.
”Gotta admit, the guy’s hot. I’m bi, remember?”
Steve watched with a fond smile as Tony waved his hands animatedly while talking about their team, their family.
It’s not Steve’s first blow job. And he may not have more than you can count on fingers, still it’s the best damned blow job he ever got. It’s a miracle how he survived not unloading inside Tony’s mouth - Or to be more accurate, inside the condom in Tony’s mouth.
Sam straightened his back, "You are not mistaken. I grew up with you, fought many battles beside you."
Tony huffed amusedly and squeezed around his alpha again. He felt the dick twitch inside him.
"Uhhh...err, sorry to interrupt you guys." Scott cleared his throat awkwardly.
"It's all wonderful. We've got the team back and you're all set to attend an Intergalactic Summit in a few weeks time! Imagine that,
make-out session.
“Why not, husband?” Tony challenged, tilting his chin up and holding Steve’s gaze. “I was a warrior before you married me. I went on raids with you.”
"I hoped you'd love me, Tony."
Steve paused and took a steadying breath. He licked his lips nervously.
She stayed with him until sleep claimed him once more.
"-- So yeah, Sam totally had it under control but Peter's, well, he's Peter." Scott finished. And damn, was he talking all this time? He's even comfortably settled on the adjacent couch, shoving popcorn in his mouth.
He finished the Glenfarclas 25 on Saturday, the Dalmore 28 the Thursday past, the Macallan he threw at Howard’s smug fucking head—
Not entirely.
“Oh wow, you’re in a for a rude awakening if
Steve wasn’t a jealous man, normally. He’d not felt threatened by Tony’s mile-long reputation or his past relationship with Pepper, but Tiberius Stone... Steve
“We’re going to have a chat about you bringing your own agenda inside of one of my ops.”
knows he’s won.
Steve dies on a Saturday.
He gave himself a mental pat on the back for not losing his patience with Stark’s decidedly overt perusal and returned to his standard traffic stop script, as if he could brazen out normalcy.
Tony pulled his sigil-marked hand out and caressed the sigil again. There was that pleasant curl of sensation, comforting and sweet, and then...there it was. Something purely Steve.
It takes everything in him not to roll his eyes. Has that ever worked for anyone, ever, in the history of law enforcement?
The next few minutes were going to be a disaster, he could just tell.
It takes a few moments to situate themselves again after the tiny squabble they have over the condom, but Tony accepts defeat gracefully, helped in part by the way Steve shucks the blasted thing across the room and claims his mouth, hot and wet and demanding. All Avengers have strict medical testing done on a regular basis, and Tony stays strictly on top of his sexual health, anyway, and once he has the serum back he wouldn't have anything to worry about
Steve flushed. “I mean, they’re new. Newer. From the project.”
Tony probably hasn’t even woken up, really. He’s carried on business deals--successful ones--while three-quarters asleep and doped to the gills.
Steve tried to convey the seven different kinds of hell he was going to put Tony through by glaring and thrusting his hips up, demanding relief, but Tony merely rubbed at his scalp like he was a particularly beloved dog and turned away entirely.
Well, that answers that question.
Tony was quick to assist after Steve made a protesting noise, angling him this way and that in order to easily wash away the heavy lather with long sure strokes across his hair, as if he were some lovable dope of a lazy dog, sprawled across his owner’s lap and hoping for pets.
“It’s me not ruining your life, Steve! Look, you’re caught up in this nonsense like it’s some grand story building to the happily ever after, but that’s not how it goes. I’m just a drunk and a coward hiding behind a suit of armor trying to make good.” ‘
Tony continued to rock in and out of him, his pace unhurried but purposeful, a steady deep glide that built Steve’s pleasure upward and upward but still wasn't quite what he wanted.  Tony fucked him almost aimlessly, as if climax was an unexpected but nice surprise, like finding the prize in a box of Cracker Jacks.
A pained silence filled the room as the echoes of Steve’s shout faded. Tony’s cheek ticked as he fought down the urge to  land his own retort and make it all worse. Patience. Steve would be so damn proud. Steve drew in a calming breath, and let it out slowly, then did it again. And again. One last time.
interact with unknown tsums easily. Not ever. Not unless…
Steve’s own wanton, greedy noises mingle with his own in a carnal duet that is punctuated by the clinking of buckles and ripping and tugging and shifting and by the time Tony’s able to swim above the high and the demanding
Holy mother of fuck,
Tony shot him a look--much the same as the one he’d speared him with on the helicarrier back when they first crossed paths and he’d blatantly backtracked away from insulting Stark Tower--and Steve let it fall back to the bed. Not so easily forgiven, then.
There is no back and forth of emotions anymore, the bond has been entirely overwhelmed and enlarged, and it no longer feels like Tony’s bond, but
“Take a ride with me?”
“More,” he pleads, and Tony rolls his hips, grinding against him as he steals more and more control back from Steve, makes him steadily come undone.
and further along than he can understand...Tony feels his gorge rise and throws the bowl of soup against the wall. The sound of porcelain breaking is muted by the accompanying slosh of liquid and the grotesque suctioning splat of congealed blood and clumps of organ meat.
He was sobbing now, entirely gone on the sensation and desperate for the fall. He wanted to come again so very badly, and it wasn’t fast enough, and it was
from it. And of course, “That One Weekend Back In ‘28 Where Bucky Caught A Cold And I Didn’t Get It.” Steve hadn’t meant to be smug about it, but Bucky had been so
Wanda is waiting for them in the backyard, away from the pool. A large circle is drawn on the ground in chalk and outlined in a wide variety of pale crystal chips. There is an inner circle around Steve’s shield made up of black stone chips that seem to naturally draw Tony to it.
Steve stiffens suddenly, and there is a surge of energy and a flash of light, and…
Maybe?
He’s forgetting something, he needs to be elsewhere he needs—he needs—his head throbs, pain beating at his skill like a hammer at an anvil.
Instead, Steve ate the curtains, a magazine, most of a boot, and had started in on part of the bedsheets by the time Tony showed up to collect him. The leftovers were gone, as was the water, and an utterly foul stench was emanating from the corner that he honestly didn’t want to contemplate but would have to deal with eventually because Jarvis would snap and murder them all if confronted with it.
“Do you like my car, Steve?”
Steve shook his head solemnly. “Because the Knights of the Cross weren’t founded to destroy the Denarians, Tony. We exist to save them from the Fallen. We help them, however we can, get them to give up the blackened coin. The Fallen that inhabit the coins are the enemy, and their hosts just as much their victims as anyone else. The Winter Soldier is Orthiel’s victim.”
Steve stared down at him with lust-crazed eyes for a moment, that gorgeous blue almost entirely gone, his pupils were blown so wide. Tony opened his mouth to speak but let out a startled yelp instead as Steve grabbed him by the front of his shirt and yanked him to his feet.
“Am I supposed to shed tears for the fist of Hydra?” Tony snapped. “Brainwashed or not, he’s killed people. He nearly killed you!”
The anathema sits perfectly in his hands, lightweight and almost possessed of a will of its own, his arm swinging unconsciously in a striking arc.
Tony wakes up on the floor, afternoon given way to night, and night to the early dawn. He can hear the bustle of the city around him, coming in oh so faintly through the sound blocking walls.
Steve’s voice breaks on a final scream and Tony isn’t sure if Steve has come again or simply finished up, but he’s aching with his own need to come. Steve lets out a satisfied sigh and pulls Tony’s head away from his neck with a quiet order to “lick”, and then rolls them over, silencing Tony’s desperate protests and entreaties with a kiss.
Steve self-consciously toyed with the rolled up sleeves of his royal-blue dress shirt, and cursed himself for wearing jeans instead instead of dressing up. He was expecting drinks and talking, but Tony looked like he was primed for a date at a fancy restaurant.
It was utterly baffling to Tony that Howard had worked with the likes of Arnim Zola, and he’d paid for it in the end. Several of the pet medical researchers Howard had employed to help him develop a working serum had taken greater liberties with their free reign and done more than just help recreate Erskine’s research.
Kill and eat him?
Bucky was alive, but had been brainwashed so hard all he knew was murder and targets in between scraps of memory and Steve had failed the one person who had mattered the most in his whole life. Completely and utterly
This is
“Hold on, hold on let me…”
, and Steve swore that he was going to thank him, going to find a way to make it up to him, maybe after dinner...whenever that was...Steve mumbled appreciatively as Tony pressed a soft kiss to his forehead, and let himself slip away off into sleep.
“I’ll kill you.”
His whole body was flushed and covered in a sheen of sweat, his erection almost imposing, jutting proudly out and leaking heavily. It bobbed and jerked as Steve continued to rock into him, slowing his pace but not stopping. Tony hadn’t realized he was leaking so heavily, but it was there, plain as day in the mirror, thick trails of precome leaking out with every thrust.
Following Steve’s enthusiastic advice, Tony crooked his fingers and brushed against that amazing bundle of nerves he’d sought out. Steve’s vision went white. Tony continued to pump his fingers in and out of him, adding more lube to the mix, not that Steve was in any sort of condition to complain.
Tony grinned as he hung up the phone, turning to face the bed. “Alright, darling, now that--”
God, Tony’s mouth is divine. It’s scorching hot, and wet and slick, and Tony’s tongue swipes up and down his cock as he bobs his head, and it’s still not as fast as he wants, and he’s so hot and
“Is that such a bad thing?”
There is a pack of steaks in the fridge. He almost grabbed it and ate it raw this...this morning? (This evening? There go those hours, slipping by him again).
A goat.
Tony froze. “Are you saying
He took Natasha and Clint with him. They are most likely infected—but if anyone can handle potential vampires, it’s Asgard. Better they remain there than fall under Steve’s sway. The last thing the world needs is a nest of vampiric Avengers.
“Long enough that I was able to fly here from Manhattan, fish your shield and Esperacchius out of the fucking
was the playboy here, thank you, and sassy cops who got too damned full of themselves and talked shit about what he personally could or couldn’t take needed to be put back in line. Tony continued, persistently gentle as Steve relaxed even more into it, humming in encouragement as the cop’s hips began to shift back and forth as he fell into Tony’s rhythm.
Steve huffed out a self-deprecating laugh. “You, actually. The plug...I...got distracted with how you got it in, and then…” Steve trailed off, shrugged eloquently, and traced tiny circles into Tony’s hips. The skin there was red, shaped like his fingers. He must have gripped him so tightly…
“Display it, J.”
” and sucking it sent the man howling for God. Tony didn’t much think there was anyone listening, but he was all about helping out his fellow man so he would take Steve deep during those moments and
The smaller the caliber, the neater the entrance and sharper the burn, like a hot needle being rammed into his wound, while the larger caliber bullets were just an unbearably intense throbbing, like the time he ignored his ma’s warning and grabbed a red-hot skillet. Buckshot just punched deep into his skin, producing a suffusive ache across the wound,
“It’s not weird, Tony. I think it’s wonderful. Why are you avoiding this? Avoiding
Tony shelled out for the fancy stuff--and snapped it open. Tony took hold of Steve’s erection and lubed it up with the same quick but efficient touch he’d used in the shower, then shoved the tube back under the nest of pillows.
now that Tony reciprocates.
where Namor was--and all he had left was the skin on his back, a slew of fancy medals, and a hefty pension.
, he should have done this a long time ago. Kissing Tony isn’t a clash or battle of wills, nor is it an all-out passionate tangle of tongues. Kissing Tony is slow and easy, a warm and heady thing that sends sweet thrills of pleasure up and down his spine.
The ache in his head fades away as cool air passes over his head, a waft of Dior’s Poison.
“Stay put, Stark.”
Steve had finished stretching him, the blunt weight of his fingers heavy inside his walls as more and more room was made to accommodate his wide girth. Tony had been unable to do anything but shudder and shake, his hands clenching desperately into the muscle of Steve’s thigh as one finger became two, then three. Steve pumped his fingers in and out, making calming shushing noises in Tony’s ear, hand still firmly clamped in place because Tony was too overwhelmed to be quiet, pushed too far too fast and caught on a wild surge of desire that he could not control, only weather.
“You’re 28. Being frozen for almost 70 years doesn’t count.”
Steve presses a light kiss to Tony’s lips and nods. “I love you. Tell me again?”
He isn’t charmed by the happy wag of Steve’s tail.
Stark
Steve glared down at Tony. “You were in collusion with
“Indeed.” Thor’s eyes twinkle mischievously. “A most worthy bond, and I can only begin to guess what other blessings await you. Love is powerful, and those caught under its auspice often inherit many gifts. Mayhap more lies in store for you as the conduit of the Blue Ādaraya."
, Stark.”
“I trust you Tony, and I sure as hell wouldn’t be standing here right now if I thought you had, but you’re delusional if you think I’m supposed to not be at all bothered by any of this.”
Tony can’t help but wonder if Natasha and Clint are okay. Where is Thor—he’s heard nothing from Asgard since that ill-fated mission. Nothing from Bruce.
“STEVE!”
The Hydra agents they’d encountered were fast—fast enough that they seemed to blur. They were resilient and strong enough to knock Steve and Thor around like they were mere toys. The
“By Love’s own hand, by craft and art, unbind, dismiss and fly apart! Through powers aligned this curse now fall, the form of old reveal, recall!”
be distracted away from it, could be overwhelmed with softer, headier sensations, and be made to forget for just a while. Tony--always a quick study--was rapidly mastering that particular art, and Steve was more than glad to reap the benefits.
Tony runs a hand over his hair with his free hand, shakes their linked ones angrily, emphasizing his words. “You don’t have
Mainly, they all just want Steve out the mansion, and that means Tony’s getting tossed out too, never mind that it’s technically his mansion.
And Tony...For all he was Howard Stark’s son,  he was also Mab’s, cunning and charismatic and ruthless. Not the heir nor the spare, but her child nevertheless, and he paid his debts. Tony had said as much before, hadn’t he? He’d defied Mab once, for his sake, and Steve knew that Tony would seize any opportunity to soothe her ire. Dumping the Winter Soldier at her feet might very well do the trick.
There’s barely enough time for him to register the commotion and get curious before Bulldozer and Thunderball plow through a crowd of bicyclists, Piledriver and Wrecker on their heels.
“Say it,” he demands, and Tony lays himself bare in a way he likely never has before in his life.
Steve, who had dropped his pose and let some of his irritation show, scowled at Tony.
Tony grinned down at him, and then lined himself up with Steve’s cock and then all Steve could do was moan fervently as Tony eased himself down. Tony rarely bottomed for Steve because he was so damn girthy and getting him stretched wide enough to accommodate would take almost an hour by itself, but oh god, what it did for him…Steve rolled his hips slowly, engulfed in Tony’s tight warmth and loving every moment of it.
Hell, maybe it was for both. He’d lost track of most cognitive thought right around the time Steve had discovered that biting down on the spot where his neck and shoulder met while pinching his nipple with one hand and roughly jerking his cock with the other was a cheat code to make him come damn near instantly.
Thor salutes them both with Mjolnir and all but flees the room.  Tony shoots Jan a glare as she leaves that doesn’t faze her in the slightest, given the way she blows them both kisses and smirks at Tony before she’s out of their line of sight.
No, he isn’t.
“Pretty damn sure I have a right to be. That’s another room down.”
--and Steve sped up, ruthlessly pumping and squeezing and twisting, knowing he would finish and determined to at least get Tony off first.
Jan frowns, but nods after a quiet moment. “Alright. Wanda says she’s ready whenever you are.”
Steve, Tony had realized with some horror, meant to go on.
Steve is becoming more goat-like in personality with every moment--observation one.
This should be the best moment of his life. He
when Steve yanked him flush against his body and continued to kiss him, his hand buried in his thick hair, tugging it this way and that in order to better direct Tony’s movements.
wanted to.
Carol grins and holds up the morning’s edition of the Bugle.
“And what? You didn’t trust me?” Tony’s cheek twitched with the force of his not-quite repressed ire. “You share my bed and are a fixture in my life, but you couldn’t even be bothered to pick up a damn phone and call me? It was my own fucking tech, Steve! Did you think I wouldn’t be of any help?!”
on the other end of the bond, like Steve’s not there anymore. He can feel the goat, but not
Steve lets Tony close the door behind them, then plants his feet, using his leverage to pull Tony back toward him. The thing is, he keeps forgetting that he’s back to a beanpole and is missing a great deal of the bulk he’s grown accustomed to, so instead of tugging Tony into his arms and holding him, Tony smacks into him, Steve goes off balance, and Tony overcompensates trying to right him and they end up in a tangle of flailing limbs. They’re too far away from the bed or the nearby armchair, but Tony’s floor is carpeted, and the man has just enough presence of mind to ensure that they land with him on the bottom.
