“Nobody understands your obsession with cowboy-films. Literally, nobody.” Sam shoots back, mischief in his eyes, even though the volume of their voices has raised above the socially acceptable aggression level.
“We’ve had worse,” they both say at the same time. Dean can’t help the mischievous grin that spreads to his face, and Sam grins warmly in response.
“Alright, shut up, I really wasn’t.” Cas just clears his throat, walking to the bed and placing his bag on the left side of the bed. Dean takes the hint and follows him, and throws his on the right side, opening the bag and rummaging around for a comfortable t-shirt.
“Yes, to all of that”, Dean mumbles, flushed, and he needs to shut Cas up like right now. He surges in, kissing the other man’s mouth, his jaw, dragging his teeth through the long stubble, enjoying the way Cas’ fingers seem to burn marks into his skin. He lets Dean pick the pace, hands experimentally roaming under the hem of Dean’s t-shirt, trailing the muscles of his back with feathery touches. Dean shivers, and he shyly pushes their hips together, feeling the swell of Cas’ jeans against his own hard-on. He gasps into Cas’ mouth, completely unprepared how it all feels, and he does it again, eliciting a small groan from Cas. Fuck, he’s been missing out on so much. The other man slides his hands on Dean’s flank, digging his fingers into the meat of his ass, encouraging him to grind their groins together, and Dean complies happily. He moves slowly on Cas’ lap, bodies flush against each other, tiny gasps filling the air as he’s trying to angle his hips to drag their erections together. Cas keeps looking at him with wide-blown pupils, grasping the hem of his shirt and pausing there, like he’s waiting for Dean’s permission. Dean nods, allows Cas to pull the shirt off and discard it somewhere. He stills under Cas’ appreciative gaze, suddenly feeling oddly insecure of himself. The other man picks up on the slight change of his composure, settling a steadying hand on Dean’s chest, drawing nonsensical figures on his sternum.
Suddenly there’s a high-pitched scream and a bright light, and the pressure pops in Castiel’s ears. The resistance disappears so fast that his knees buckle and he almost stumbles to the ground. A very quick look confirms that Sam has his blade buried deep inside the other newborn’s skull - the young man - and the remaining two scream in pain and helpless rage. He catches a glimpse of Dean throwing the woman off his back, before Cas turns his focus back on his own opponent, who’s holding his ears, blood slowly running down between his fingers. The angel can’t resist him this time, and Castiel closes the distance, grabbing the old man’s head tightly, the other hand flying to his own chest, activating the sigil he carved there earlier.
Dean’s not sure what wakes him up. It’s not a slow ascent into wakefulness, but he snaps awake like someone hit him with a rubber band. He’s suddenly very aware of Cas, who is nestled against his back, his breath tickling Dean’s neck, and his own pressing erection, which is tenting in his boxers very demandingly. He lays there, paralyzed for few moments, not able to grasp the dream he just woke from. Cold sweat trickles against his skin, his body simultaneously hot and cold, his heart beating way too fast. Fuck. He needs to- he needs to get away like right this moment, before Cas wakes up, fuck, and he scrambles up, rushing to the bathroom. He sheds his t-shirt and damp boxers like they’re criminating murder evidence, stepping into the shower, letting the cold spray calm his body down. He stands under the freezing water as long as he can, mind blank.
They go about their evening routines in an uncomfortable silence. Cas disappears into the shower after Dean, while he crawls under covers and curls up on his side, back facing the other side of the bed. Well fuck. This wasn’t how their road trip was supposed to be going at all. He’s not entirely sure, what the fuck just happened, but the level of discomfort just reached epic proportions and blew the roof off. This he’s pretty sure of; he caused it.
Dean’s been hearing low voices for few minutes now in the next room, and he struggles to break the surface of sleep, eyelids heavy like lead. He feels oddly weightless, mouth cottony, and uncomfortably hot and feverish. He comes back to himself slowly, remembering the angel in the hospital, the pain-laden car ride and flashes of how Sam tried to lift him out of the car and carry him, but Dean’s knees kept buckling underneath him. He must’ve blacked out then. Dean’s too tired to even move a muscle, but the blaring pain in his body has dulled somewhat from before, and he can breathe deeper, without the wound constantly twinging in his side.
“Really? You’re planning to slip out in the dead of night?” Dean’s voice is hollow. The lack of instant rage doesn’t feel any less comforting than this emptiness Dean’s attacking him with. There’s a small voice inside of Castiel that pleads him to salvage what he can, but looking at the other man makes any hope die within him.
“It shouldn’t be your business in the first place,” Dean mutters, irritated but managing to summon a weak smile on his lips. He isn’t sure whether he should feel glad or annoyed that his brother is so invested in his love life.
Beer runs had been the keyword to their tentatively blossoming relationship. Dean had taken to asking Castiel to join him on doing various chores, mostly under the disguise of beer runs, tiptoeing around the subject of how he liked spending time with him. There had been subtle changes in the way they had acted around each other ever since Castiel said the words Dean deserved to hear,
Dean adjusts himself, uneasy, scanning the almost empty parking lot, absentmindedly noting the overflowing dumpsters by the side of the building and a rundown husk of a car, left forgotten on the corner. This place really is a shithole, even by their standards. He’s probably doing just the opposite of what Sam wants by picking the easier route, but he just needs time. That’s what he needs, yes. It’s just Dean feels like he’s constantly getting knifed when Cas is near.
"you gotta follow-" Dean had gasped and bucked slightly when the angel's fingers had run over his tip, slick with precum, "-with how I'm reacting and letting that feeling build until..." His words had trailed off, eyes closed, when Castiel had found a steady rhythm with his hand that had brought Dean closer to the climax.
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel manages to rasp out, lungs tightening, and any apologies he was ready to spout as soon as he was face to face with Dean, get stuck in his throat. Dean swallows, muscles in his jaw jumping angrily as he glares at Castiel, unblinking. Castiel sees him clenching his fist on his side, flexing the fingers open and closed, the tendons visible in his hand.
Sometime during the trip, Castiel placed his hand in his, twining their fingers together, and Dean hasn’t let go since. It feels comforting, the warmth, a reminder that they are here and they are mostly okay.
“Nothing. Good talk. Let’s talk about it like, never again.” Dean turns on the radio, cranks up the volume to let Metallica cut off any further conversation. Enough is enough, and this isn’t an episode of Oprah. Sam shakes his head, clearly exasperated, but gives up and turns his attention to the city landscape outside.
he could keep looking at him forever. There’s still sorrow and regret, but also immense warmth, that lights up his whole face tentatively in a way that only Dean recognizes.
“I think I should be getting back, it’s getting kinda late.” Dean must imagine the slight disappointment in Castiel’s face, because he’s all gummy smiles the next second.
but by some miracle it’s enough for Sam. Sam regards him silently, corner of his mouth turning upward into a smile.
“Sammy,” Dean warns feebly, attempting to push his brother’s hands away shakily. Sam doesn’t relent, grasping his hands and guides them away, shushing him. Dean lets his hands fall limply, exhaling shakily. Cold sweat is coating Dean’s skin, gathering under his upper lip and making him shiver. He’s running on fumes and he ain’t got much left.
“You would’ve never let me come on my own either way. And you would’ve been pissed of either way too.” Sam gets up and slowly etches closer, looking wary, like he’s expecting Dean to start throwing things around. “And frankly, this is a case. There are people who need our help. So, we all need to stow our crap. Can you do that?” Sam continues, surprisingly harsh. His commanding tone seems to work on Dean though. The hunter swallows visibly, trying to push back his anger. He takes in a deep breath and fixes his gaze to his feet, eyes turning distant. The hostility still radiates from him, but Castiel knows it’s hardwired in the man to place himself second if there are innocent people involved. It’s kind of dirty move from Sam to play, but it works, and Castiel allows himself to breathe at last, when the murderous vibe from Dean eases a little.
“Hello Dean”, Cas says in his rumbling voice, shedding off his damp jacket, and Dean snaps back to reality, limbs suddenly functioning again. His body feels like he just got electrocuted.
Yeah. Things might not be perfect, he might be a broken mess, a hopeless alcoholic, and Cas a grieving father, but when they’re together like this, it doesn’t all seem too bad. When he’s concentrating on the scruff of his beard against his neck, how they’re breathing in sync, the way Cas seems to cling to him like he’s something valuable, it almost makes him feel like he’s on the mend.
“Hey you two”, he says, way too chipper and innocent. Of course he had to see that, Cas touching him, them talking and smiling like some newlyweds. The thought makes Dean flustered, and he readily grabs a pint from Sam’s hands, slamming it down in front of him hard enough to spill foam everywhere. Cas flinches, sliding further from Dean to escape the mess.
Thank you for the comments and following this story! If you're into some Dean!whump or fluff and clueless gays, I got two stories on the way.
“I waited. This one can hold me, you see,” the woman speaks, completely ignoring Dean. Her voice is like dry twigs, and she steps forward, staggering slightly. Her footsteps aren’t making any sound. Dean can’t hear her breathing. And in her hand, something glints in the darkness, and yep, that’s his cue to run.
“You know how it is. Someone’s gotta die in the end.” He speaks in a muted voice, giving Raguel a final chance to say something, but the angel merely blinks at him, a defeated look settled on his pale face. Dean steels himself and drives the blade deep into his chest, holding the spasming body in place with his other hand. A bright light enlightens the room for a second, dying out just as quickly. The body goes limp, eyes mercifully closed, and Dean makes out the shape of wings in the grey lighting in the room. The imprints of the feathers are sparse and charred, like they’d been burning awhile.
“And how do we find the original host?” Sam crosses his arms in deep concentration; Dean can almost see the wheels turning in his head. He listens in silence.
that. I keep seeing you kneeling on that fuckin floor, bloody, and I think, I did that.” His voice betrays him, and he has to take a moment to gather his breath. Sam clears his throat quietly. They both are tumbling over the edge and he can’t help it. “And I did that to Cas. I did all of that to the people I’m supposed to protect, so how the hell I’m supposed to look myself in the mirror, huh? And it…it gets so much sometimes, Sam. I feel like I don’t deserve the chances and lifelines you’re giving me.” The last admission doesn’t come easy, it burns him on the way out, and leaves him incredibly bare and ashamed. He fixes his eyes on the passing scenery outside, so he doesn’t have to look at the probable rejection on his brother’s face. Dean feels so spent and weary, like he’s given his everything.
“Yeah, I got him.” Both of the brothers sigh in relief. Sam struggles to his feet after a while, taking in the carnage around them. The place looks like a hand grenade went off inside the room, tearing everything into pieces. The three scattered bodies lay in haphazard positions, their eyes burned out.
Summoning the last remains of his anger, Dean lets out a furious growl through his tightly clenched teeth, mustering the flicker of newfound strength to get on his elbows and knees. His body protests fiercely, but Dean drags himself forward using anger as his fuel, muscles trembling with the effort, ignoring the screeching pain. And even through the haze of disarray and agony, he wants nothing but to feel the First Blade in his hand again, feel the power running through his veins. A junkie is a junkie. He can almost feel it, the remnant of an intoxicating song he used to hear. But he’s weak now. And his arm feels so incomplete.
“Hey Cas”, he manages in a choked-off voice. He realises he’s been staring at Cas this whole time, so he fixes his eyes on his bottle, clutching it in his fingers compulsively. Cas slides into his seat, keeps looking at him keenly with a slight, questioning smile on his lips.
“And you think you’re entitled to interfere with my life because I handle my problems differently, is that it?” Dean barks, quick to defend himself. Whatever dark thoughts whispered in his ear get drowned out momentarily by anger. This schtick is getting old; Sam lying to him for the greater good.
“Fuck.” Dean whispers, with the dawning realization that Cas wasn’t the one to leave, he fucking made him do it. He raises a heavy arm, the iv-line tugging his hand, and runs it over his face, winces when his fingers brush a large bruise on his temple. He wouldn’t look at Cas. He would barely speak to him. He got angry when Cas wanted to help, even though it was the very nature of the angel. And there was such profound sorrow in Cas, but he wouldn’t speak up. Maybe the unsaid things between them were part of the problem. They’ve never been good with words and it’s always driven them further apart, harder to get back up every time. Dean needs to fix this. He doesn’t know how, but he has to.
he adds quickly, mentally berating himself for almost forgetting to introduce himself. He doesn’t have to wait for long. The phone rings almost immediately, and Dean picks it up, suddenly nervous. What if it’s awkward, what if Castiel doesn’t want to talk to him-
Dean accepts the piece of paper with a thanks and a smile and folds it very carefully into his wallet.
"Shut up and sleep", Dean had mumbled, nuzzling against his neck. That was about the closest he would get to a
“What? Never mind that, I need to fix you now.” Sam grabs the hem of the garb in an attempt to lift it higher, but Dean grips his wrist in alert.
“Sir? Are you okay?” Dean’s head snaps towards the voice, his vision swaying; there’s a short, petite, middle-aged nurse walking hesitantly towards him, eyeing him worriedly. Oh fuck no, a civilian is the last thing that he needs right now, he can’t even look after himself, how can he keep her safe-
“Your soul is blackened with sin. I can’t understand why they let you live.” The angel speaks softly from further away, but her voice carries out like it’s being spoken directly to Dean’s ear. His focus sharpens on the sounds coming from behind him, senses working furiously to pinpoint her location, but turning his head seems like a monumental task right now, vision swimming in and out of focus.
Cas would probably fight him on this, say stuff like it’s part of who Dean is and there’s nothing wrong with him. But he remembers the threats his dad made, when he found the Indiana Jones-poster Dean had put up on his wall as a teenager. “You keep these faggot pictures out of my house boy, or I’ll beat you up the next time”, he had growled, ripping the poster off and tearing it into pieces. Dean remembers other things too. He remembers watching other boys, and he remembers the handsome, muscular PE teacher he had a slight crush on. He remembers his best friend from childhood, Adam, and how one time they accidentally fell asleep on Dean’s bed and his dad found them like that. Adam wasn’t welcome into the house after that, and Dean got bruises on his ribs as a souvenir. Dad taught him how to handle weapons and fix cars to make him more manly, and now he’s terrified he’s exactly the thing his father tried to make him not to be. His father
“Some people have no eye for art.” Castiel laughs softly at that, shrugging to admit his guilt and turning to browse his haphazardly piled dvds. Dean has collected movies as long as he remembers, and secretly he’s quite proud of his collection. He gets up and joins the other man, wine glass held clumsily in his hand.
“Stop trying to save me.” Every word floated through the silence, like they had no place to go, but finally they thudded through Castiel’s body like heavy rocks. Dean opened the door and was gone. And the utter sense of failure surrounded Castiel, who still stood in the middle of all that destruction, and it was screaming loud, making him almost bend down under its pressure. He needed to save that man and no gods would stand in his way.
"What are you standing there for?" Dean had patted the bed, holding Castiel's gaze in his own, propping up on his elbow.
“This is good,” Sam repeats and they raise their bottles in salute. They stay silent for a while after that, neither willing to sacrifice this fragile peace. Dean still doesn’t know how to approach the most hurtful stuff; the huge, screaming elephant that’s been following them around ever since he got back. But maybe, just maybe, he can start with the small things, chisel the iron curtain down chip by chip.
"I'll hold you on for that", Dean said lightly, this time voice steadier, and he raised the corners of his lips into a uncertain smile. Castiel just smiled back without saying a word. It really brought out the light in him, the way the corners of his eyes wrinkled and small dimples appeared on his cheeks. It was such a uncharacteristic thing to see, the stern angel softened by a caring smile. They stayed like that for a while, and it felt easy, sharing the space, the warm touch, even the vulnerabilities.
“Let me take care of you”, he rumbles in a deep voice that goes straight into Dean’s gut, and he complies with a breathless moan, gripping the sheets instead and closing his eyes, going pliant under Cas’ touch. He feels the brush of Cas’ hair against his temple, as the angel cranes his neck to watch what he’s doing with his hand, warm, uneven breath tickling his cheek. Cas is affected more than he lets on, as is evident from the growing bulge against Dean’s thigh, but he ignores his own hard-on in favor of touching Dean. With practised movements, he jacks him off in a loose fist, thumb flicking over the head of his cock, and it’s a little dry and rough, but he feels the muscles of his lower abdomen tighten in anticipation all the same. His heart is picking up the pace, pulsing rapidly in chest so loud he’s sure Cas can hear it.
“Dean,” Castiel starts hesitantly. Dean hums in response, coming back with a small, wet hand towel. He kneels again and starts wiping the blood off Castiel’s face. He seems more like himself now, like maybe he had needed this, to be needed.
“We seem to have…fucked this up royally, yes.” Dean actually laughs at that; it always feels weird and out of place when Cas swears like that. He breaks away from the embrace, but keeps Cas close, who holds on to Dean’s hoodie, and they lean their foreheads together without saying another word, like the touch starved creatures that they are. They might still have ways to go and this newfound peace is fragile at most, but for a while Dean allows himself to feel that this is okay. He might be fucked up, the world might be fucked up, but he’s got Cas again, and for a while Dean can quieten his insecurities and believe that he’s worth this; he gets to have this.
“I just gotta ask you, are you absolutely sure you want to leave things like that with Cas?” Irritation perks up with the headache Dean thought was gone already. Sam’s doing his finest being his Jiminy Cricket.
“You’re a sap. Now let’s get inside before you keel over.” The tone is affectionate, but there still is an edge to it when Dean speaks. Castiel notices how tense his shoulders are, how guarded his eyes look, but lets it rest for now.
“I’m gonna dress the wound, okay?” Dean nods, hears a fabric ripping and then the prodding is back, and he tries to endure it, teeth clenched. Sam talks just as much for Dean’s benefit as for his own and maybe, just maybe, it manages to distract him a little from the abuse he’s suffering right now.
”I don’t have time for your first grade lessons on human interaction. It was a mistake to come here.” He pushes up, ready to bolt for the door, out before things get hairy. But Cas seems to find his nerves at last, grabbing him by his forearm. It’s the arm where the Mark had been, and instinctively Dean expects to find the dark pulse quickening and slithering molten tendrils of wrath into his veins, but nothing happens. Just Cas' tight grip, fingertips pressing into his skin. Cas is closer now, eyes sorrowful.
“Yes but- I wanted to come home”, Cas says softly. Dean hears the clink of the belt buckle, and he opens his eyes groggily, blinking against the darkness and trying to see the angel’s silhouette, but in vain. The room is encaptured in total darkness.
“Well good going, Einstein.” He compliments his brother and Sam rewards him with a small smile. They go about their morning routines in their usual silence, and this morning they almost have a sense of normalcy. Dean fixes himself some cereal and opens the first beer bottle of the day, settling back in his seat. He offers his brother a taste, but Sam refuses with a shake of his head, instead just giving Dean a meaningful stare.
“Yes, of course I have! Listen to me, Dean. You’re sabotaging your life with this self-blame. You’re sabotaging other people with it too.”
Sam sounds careful to choose his words, and not one bit surprised. Of course he isn’t, he’s the one who fucking called it before Dean had any inkling of what was going on in his own life.
Dean’s fucked up. He’s fucked up so badly. He’s gonna mess this up, he’s already messed it up by acting like a completely bipolar asshole, and Cas is probably gonna be fed up with the shit he’s pulled real soon. If he isn’t already. Dean can’t make the heads or tails of this situation; there’s no way he can be in love with Cas. He’s straight, for fuck’s sake. He dates girls, and he’s never even kissed a dude. He’s been single so long that his body has gotten somehow tricked by their continuous proximity, some wires must’ve been crossed wrong, it’s just a passing thing, he tells himself. He’s just confused, because Cas treats him good and seems like he cares about Dean. Dean’s thoughts keeps circling these vicious thoughts day after day. Cas probably hates him. He’s been busy dealing with his brother, so the steady trickle of daily messages has almost died down over the past few days. Dean finds himself often sitting on the couch, staring at his phone or pulling up their messages, fingers frozen over the keypad because he can’t think of a single thing to say. He can’t even speak about this to Sam, or to anyone else. What would he even say? It’s been awhile since he felt this lonely.
“Text me when you’re done? There’s no rush”, he grins at Dean, who can only nod, and then there’s that awkward second when they’re not sure how to act around each other, and Dean’s uncertain if he should hug Cas, give him a friendly slap on the shoulder or something, because they never established a routine for this, so they just keep staring at each other for few beats.
“So are you. You just can’t deal with the fact I'm walking away from you, like the rest. It isn’t about whether you want me to stay. I’m done saving you, Dean.” The last one is a lie, and Castiel’s voice almost breaks down when he whispers the words, his mouth refusing to cooperate. The impact hits Dean like a freight train, and he becomes so very still, only the tightness around his eyes convening how he feels. Betrayed.
“My condolences,” the he says quietly, retreating back, and Dean can feel the man studying him carefully. Yeah. Condolences and well-wishes have done jackshit for him. He’s heard them countless times.
Dean observes the way Cas’ tongue darts out to lick his upper lip, when he smears the precum down the hard length, thumb tracing the ridge of the head. Cas’ eyes close briefly. He’s really close already; Dean can tell. His mouth opens, shuts, working towards saying something.
“Whatever gets you going. I’ll get the room,” Sam offers and gets out of the car, letting in the smell of damp autumn air. Dean opens the door after him and it creaks with a heartbreaking sound.
“Don’t worry. All they’ll find are the exploded bits, but not a trace of you. I had to throw your clothes away too, that would’ve been uh, difficult to explain otherwise. But I got it covered.” Dean sinks back in the bed in relief, letting heaviness overtake his limbs, numbness spreading slowly through them. It seems like a terrible effort to stay awake all of a sudden.
Mostly, their relationship doesn’t change that much, they’re still hanging out, watching crappy movies, cooking (mostly Cas, Dean just provides unhelpful comments), going out, but the difference is that Dean gets to take Cas home and he doesn’t need to come up with any pretenses why they should share a bed. Dean’s shamelessly in love, with a stupid grin on his face every time he thinks about Cas, and spending time with him always makes him feel giddy. Some, smaller things require minor adjustments on his part, because sometimes Dean gets the urge to just touch and kiss Cas, and forgets he actually can do all of these things, after spending so much time just completely blocking all romantic thoughts of him. He keeps coming up with excuses to touch Cas, and the other man takes it all in a stride, ever understanding of Dean’s hesitation. The first and the only person Dean tells about them, is Sam, who dramatically sighs
“Please, humor me”, Cas says softly. He places his hand on Dean’s thigh, and suddenly the warm touch of his palm is all he can think about. He squeezes his eyes shut.
He catches a glimpse of Cas, picking himself up clumsily from the floor, looking dazed. Sam kneels next to him, helping him stand.
“What do you want?” Cas asks again, giving him the space to breathe. Dean’s throat works as he’s trying to sparse together coherent words, and he pushes the suddenly stifling covers off him, kicking them aside. The chilly air brushes against his heated skin, making it prickle.
Did I write this chapter just to include a storyline about sharing a bed? Yes and I have zero regrets. Poor, clueless Dean, he's such a fuckin mess.
“Listen, I have no time to explain, but it’s not safe here. You need to go back or- or hide in one of these rooms, okay?” Belatedly he realizes that the nurse is looking at his bloody hand and the incomplete sigil with wary suspicion. Shit. Slowly, she drags her eyes from the gory sight and regards him with newfound blank professionalism.
“Hey, Dean,” Cas says softly, worry tightening the lines around his eyes. There’s a ghost of a smile on his lips, but he looks so unsure of himself, like he wants to touch Dean but doesn’t know how. Dean’s just so damn relieved to see him, and he offers a tired grin in response.
“What, no girlfriend yet to warm your bed?” Dean actually blushes, but he’s lucky Cas can’t see that in the dark.
“I-I don’t know, man. Maybe someday we’ll be smart enough work through our shit differently. But we’ll get through this, right?” Dean can’t help the soft smile that warms him from the inside. Maybe it’s mushy and touchy-feely, but after the wringer they’ve been through in the past few days alone; it’s much needed.
He gets it. There’s a swirl of some unknown emotion stirring inside of Dean, and he has to look away to keep it from spilling out.
“Sometimes you’re a very hard man to read, Dean Winchester.” Cas says quietly. He squares his shoulders, popping his collar against the downpour and steps into the rain. He turns towards Dean again, takes a few hesitant steps backwards. “I’ll see you when I get back?” He asks, little louder. Dean can only nod.
“You should let me heal that,” Cas says at last, tensing when Dean turns to look at him with a guarded look. The angel holds up his hand, hesitant to get closer to Dean. That makes an unexpected flare of rage burn through Dean and he clenches his jaw, retreating as far away as he can from the healing touch. He doesn’t deserve this. And he’s seriously pissed off at how calm the angel seems. He should be screaming out his hurt, how Dean left Cas, but the angel seems to have lost of his courage alongside with Rowena’s curse, only capable of tiptoeing around the volcanic matter that is their lives. Cas visibly sinks back in his seat when Dean recoils from the touch, looking miserable and tired.
“Michael, yes. We used to go to high school together and we’ve been friends since then.” Cas’ tone doesn’t give much, and Dean’s afraid he’s gonna clam up again about this, because that’s what he does
“Dean, I’m pretty sure I can keep my hands off you if you sleep next to me”, Cas snaps at him, palpably frustrated.
“Nice, have you contacted them yet?” Dean carries on casually. They managed to meet couple of times before Sam had to leave, with much more success than the first time. Cas and Sam get along well, and with their altruistic, nerdy personalities Dean can’t fathom how they could’ve not. And now Sam can use Cas as a proxy if he wants to nag at Dean and he’s ignoring his texts. It’s working out great.
“Fuck yeah you can”, Dean answers without hesitation, and then the next few seconds are a blur of moment when Cas pushes him on his back again and settles between his legs, gripping his thighs and pushing them towards his chest, exposing his slick hole. He slides home in a one, swift push, and they both groan loudly when he’s fully sheathed inside Dean. Dean’s overworked body is trying to rally, clenching around Cas’ thick erection, and it’s almost too much, bordering on painful, but it doesn’t matter when Cas begins to move, thrusting into him hard and deep and the sensation turns to just
“Ohhhhh fuck Cas”, he moans, relishing in the way Cas’ tongue and mouth moves on his cock, alternating between swallowing him in his mouth and sealing his lips around him, or using that wicked tongue to lick the underside and the head of his cock, flattening it against his slit. He’s leaking freely now, but Cas is not deterred, letting Dean push his hips forward to chase his pleasure. Dean can feel his orgasm getting closer, and he’s really tempted to just come with Cas’ mouth on his cock, but he finds he’s somehow missing the other man’s weight on him. He tugs lightly on Cas’ hair, signaling him to stop, and Cas rises, cheeks flushed and lips swollen, looking slightly disgruntled from getting interrupted at his work.
“Dean, for what’s it worth, I am really sorry about your father. And sometimes talking makes it just a little better. So, uh...if you ever want to talk…” he procures a piece of paper and a pen from his pocket, writes something on it. “Here’s my number. I would enjoy talking with you again.”
"I don't need a goddamn hug, I need a way to make myself stop! Lock me up, kill me, take your fucking pick!" Dean had shouted in his face, but Castiel had seen right through his anger, the sheer terror and grief underneath, so he just had shaken his head, determined.
“No Cas, give me your best shot. It’s better I let you leave and it never worked out between us, right?” Dean works up some anger into his tone, glaring at the angel.
“Yeah, Sammy.” The call ends and Dean lets the phone slip away from his hand, and it clatters down onto the bloody floor. He has to hold on until Sam comes. He places a hand sloppily on the wound, ignoring the pain, feeling the blood sluggishly trickle under his fingers. He thinks about Cas. His wild, messy hair. How Dean’s fingers run clumsily through it and Cas doesn’t mind it. How his nose scrunches when he smiles. His smiles are often the softest things, hesitant at first and only reserved for him. That’s at least what Dean likes to think. The way Cas looks at him and the whole room becomes electrified, and how much that makes Dean want him. The sex. The sex is awesome but even more than that, Dean likes the little things. The way Cas says his name. There’s always a story there, an emotion behind it. The way their legs slot together in bed, muscled calves all tangled up with each other.
"Don't worry. You're doing okay. It's his own crap he needs to sort through, and he can be kind of a dick about it." But Castiel couldn't shake the worry. He had been willing to do anything for Dean, right from the beginning when he first had laid eyes on him, all righteous and full of fury. Accepting mistakes was hard, and he ended up placing blame solely on himself, asking every time how could he do better for Dean.
“You okay?” Sam asks her, eyes flicking expertly over her for any visible damage, and the nurse slowly directs her gaze on him.
he didn’t notice it earlier. What did he mean it was obvious that Cas was gay? It’s not like he’s discussed his romantic life with Dean, or had any pride flags laying around. He wants to ask Cas more about the subject, but he seemed reluctant to talk about it, and hasn’t brought up the topic since. But somehow Dean has become much more aware of every casual touch and hug they share, and he has to constantly remind himself that nothing has really changed between them and it’s normal to be physically close with people important to him. He considers Cas to be his best friend, even though they rarely talk of their friendship.
They had always feared this. About going too far. It shouldn't have come as a such shock and surprise, but all the talk and anticipation can't always prepare you, when you're actually faced with the reality of it. Dean had talked about it. He had told them to be ready, ready to do what must be done. They had seen glimpses of what the mark could make Dean become, but always blindly hoped for the best. They just didn't want see the monster inside him.
All the while he’s pretending to be immersed in the news, Sam keeps throwing him furtive looks, chewing on his lower lip. Dean only needs to wait a little while longer. He knows exactly how this goes, and refuses to be the one to cave in. Few more minutes pass in a sullen silence, until Sam clears his throat. Yes. A win for Dean.
“Cas, no- your anger wasn’t out of line, I know I’ve been acting completely mental around you and it was unfair to you, but I was just… so terrified of my feelings when I realised what was going on. Seeing you didn’t help at all and- and  I was a fucking mess, so I just thought you finally were done with me.” Dean focuses on his hands, instead of Cas sitting right there, white-knuckling his forgotten bottle. He feels Cas’ heavy gaze on him.
“I don’t care. Let’s just get this over with.” The conversation dries up after that. Dean pretends to concentrate on his phone, skimming through some local news with zero interest. A local market has a wooden veal-mascot named Gary. The new library has a collection of rare books on porcelain painting. The autumn rains are hindering the transport of local crops. God, how can this town be so boring?
“You KNOW? What the fuck is up with you? You’ve been teasing me about this shit like a schoolgirl ever since I mentioned his name to you. I’m
“This is exactly what I’m talking about! You can try to evade this, but eventually you gotta start dealing with this shit! You both do!” Sam gestures wildly with his hands to make his point. Dean steps closer, points an accusatory finger to his chest. What is it with everybody, trying to get him to participate in this sharing and caring?
Dean finds the gate for arrivals from Florida, and sets in wait. The sleep deprivation has dulled his senses somewhat, so he doesn’t have the energy to even feel nervous. But he knows he is, because he has zero amount of clue of what he’s gonna do about Cas. Is he able to pretend that he didn’t have a huge meltdown and act normal around him? Or is he going to just ruin it by being cagey and weird? He’s been running these thoughts nonstop, down to the point where even alcohol couldn’t keep them at bay. Deep down he knows he’s just permanently terrified, right down to his bones about all of this, but at this moment, he’s just too tired to care. Dean’s just going to pick up Cas, and that’s it.
“Uh no, I really get it Cas. I’ll try to be more sensitive about it, I really didn’t know.” Dean’s pretty sure spending time with Cas has made him decent at apologies. He’s used to handling fights by yelling and storming out, but this, actually talking things through, this is new. “And for the record, I really am interested, you know, about your life.” Cas looks at him, faint smile on his lips.
"-an? Dean?" A frantic voice disturbed his drowning. Dean's eyelids felt heavy and he didn't want to come back.
“Okay, just one thing-“ he starts, turning sideways to look at Dean. Drum roll, the curtains rise, here’s the encore, folks.
“What I need, is a drink. Drinks, to be specific. Alone.” Cas stills at his words, something akin to resignation flashing through his worn-out features. There’s something bittersweet about seeing him give up. Dean’s the one to leave this time, but he feels just as empty as the last time.
“This road, I told you, turn left here”, Cas says snappishly, signaling with his hand. Dean swerves to the left, not bothering to ease up on the gas pedal, and he’s feeling Cas’ eyes on him. He drives on without answering to him, quickly spotting the motel and parking the car in front of the reception. He turns off the ignition, leaning back and letting out a small sigh of relief.
“Thanks for picking me up. Although, you really shouldn’t have”, Cas rumbles in his ear, detaching himself from the hug slowly, looking at him curiously. Dean rolls with it, even though he could’ve held on just a little bit longer, turning around and guiding them towards the exit. He squeezes Cas’ shoulder, grinning widely.
“You have to understand, his original purpose was to keep law and order, to punish those who are wicked. He was well respected, feared even. And now he’s broken and mutilated, cast down into this…place he has no knowledge and understanding of. I think he’s just trying to give himself a purpose again, responding to imperfect, faulty souls by trying to judge them, albeit he’s lost his reason, and these are just horrible crimes.”
“God, Cas, this omelette is fucking delicious”, Dean manages between the gigantic bites of the said dish, devouring it as fast as he can without choking on it. Cas observes him silently, partially in amusement and disgust. He sets down his coffee cup, pushing a small tray of something that strongly spiced-smelling in Dean’s direction. “Here, try this with it.”
“I mean… does that business with the Mark still keep you awake at night?” Dean feels too tired to wonder if his question makes even sense to Sam. He hasn’t a clue whether Sam will reject the whole subject or deflect it. But it’s something he feels needs to be said.
Dean steps closer, circling the body. It looks like a skinny, young man, but it’s hard to tell, as there are large burns everywhere on his body, deep gashes where the bright, blue light of angel grace is seeping through. His hands and arms are almost burnt to the bone, and beside him lays an abandoned angel blade.
. Cas texted him, saying that he found a perfect restaurant for them. Not a diner, not a burger joint, but an actual restaurant. It must’ve been years, since Dean visited a finer establishment and that was because he wanted to impress Lisa on their first date. A lot of good that did, when she broke up with him three years later. He’s not particularly trusting, when it comes to Cas’ ideas, given what he’s sometimes trying to feed Dean, but at this point he thinks he’d be willing to eat raw pasta to survive.
“Dean, no. I’m not pulling your family into his messes, please just let it go.” Cas looks at him sharply, his voice not leaving any room to argue. Dean finds himself retreating back with a reluctant apology ready on his lips, but Cas quickly puts a placating hand on his arm, placing a more soft smile on his lips.
“You know me. I always land on my feet.” Cas makes a wordless noise in the back of his throat, stepping closer carefully like he’s expecting Dean to hit with that thing. Dean sighs, tearing his eyes off Cas, fixing his eyes on a dirty spot on the cushion. “Okay, be out with it. No need to sugarcoat it, I think I can handle it”, he says quietly, defeated. Cas takes that as an invitation to sit next to him, the cushion dipping slightly. Dean keeps his eyes off him, stubbornly fixated on the stain like it’s responsible for this fucked-up fight.
“Hey, remember that time when we were little, and I had decided to become a chef? When I convinced you to play hooky with me in the middle of the school day, so I could use you as a lab rat for my recipes?”
"I won't hurt you. I told you once I would never leave you, and this is me, right now, keeping my promise. But you have to promise me too that you won't give up, that this is you, right now, ready to fight this thing with everything you got." He had spoken passionately, standing his ground, even though Dean's eyes had darkened. He had fallen silent, and the men just had stared at one another, waiting for the other to strike next.
“So, what do you want to do?” Somehow, both of them are staring at Dean now, as if he holds all the cards. There’s almost desperate quality in Cas' look, a silent “
“But it’s you. And I want to make it good for you.” Dean takes a steadying breath, but the shaky quality of his voice still betrays his nerves.
“Okay hold on, what the fuck, hands- hands off my junk,” he slurs and he tries to guide his brother’s hand away, but Sam shakes loose with ease.
“I should be able to make a connection with him through a sigil, once a newborn host is near enough. It takes a lot my strength to do that, so you need to do most of the fighting. If he’s been tracking Dean, I think we can safely conclude that he’s coming after him, sooner or later. I suggest we simply wait for him to come to us.” Dean nods in approval. Simple and effective. He likes it. Sam doesn’t voice any protests either. They contemplate the plan quietly for a moment. Then Sam huffs out a breath, clearly trying to voice something that’s been bothering him.
“What about you? You looked like you had some fun with that, um, friend of yours.” Dean almost stumbles on his words, attempting to sound casual, and he hopes Cas didn’t notice his slip-up. The man smiles and nods in response.
"Fine, Dean." Castiel spoke softly, and Dean half-expected to hear the sound of wings, but instead he heard a small shuffle when the angel settled down on his chair once again.
Dean tries to adjust his uncomfortable position, but every movement twists his body in a wrong way. The throb in his broken ankle has reduced to steady discomfort, but the dull pain sinks its claws in with vengeance the second he tries to move the leg a little. He only partially manages to hide the groan that escapes his throat.
”How about you start dealing with the fact that you keep always lying to me, huh? Keeping things from me?” That shuts Sam up effectively. Dean watches his brother take a step back, the fire in his eyes dimming, whole posture slumping in defeat. This isn’t the first time at all this has come up in their fights. It’s basically the story of Dean’s and Sam’s lives, lying and keeping secrets from each other, all because they always thought it was better that they try to fix the world alone. And Dean knows Sam has his own regrets of letting down his brother, even though they’ve worked through most of that crap. But sometimes that old anger surfaces, and Dean slightly regrets his heated comment the second it comes out of his mouth, because he knows how much it hurts Sam.
They reach the Impala and seeing her there, the sleek, black and familiar curves, makes Dean feel a little bit better. He reaches out an unsteady hand, touches the wet chrome surface in a silent greeting. Sam allows him this moment, before he starts bustling around, opening the door to the backseat and positioning the wheelchair closer. The transition to the car isn’t any easier than the previous ones; Dean’s got so little juice in the tank, he’s practically a ragdoll that Sam tries to move around without ripping open the seams. He clutches Sam’s arms desperately and refuses to believe that the small, broken whimpers he hears are his own.
“Thanks a lot,” Dean mutters to it, voice hoarse and shaky. Now that he’s starting to come down from the high of the fight, pain is becoming more and more insistent in various places. His ankle is throbbing fiercely, but the sharp pain under his ribs reminds him of itself with every shallow breath, burrowing into his innards. His whole body hurts like a motherfucker. Dean wants nothing but close his eyes and succumb into the darkness that’s creeping closer and closer. He almost does, but he forces his eyes open, steels his nerves, because he has to move, can’t stay here-
Dean doesn’t spot anyone on the premises when he maneuvers Baby next to a light blue Ford in front of the warehouse. It feels a more fertile ground to start searching for anything out of the ordinary, but he knows that he’s grasping at straws here. The killer was here and now they’re gone. But they still gotta figure out who they’re dealing with. Dean automatically glances at the front seat when he exits the car, takes in his surroundings. It seems the man’s death has brought the place to a full stop, and the stillness instead of where there should be noise and movement, makes Dean more aware of every creak and clang he hears in the yard. He sort of regrets leaving Sam behind now, and double checks he still has the gun in the waistband of his jeans, loaded and safety on. Dean grabs the angel blade from the trunk as an afterthought as well, stuffs it under his belt, before heading for a side door closest to him. Trying the handle reveals it’s locked. The widow gave him the keys to the main gate but forgot all the rest. So, Dean digs out a lockpick while grumbling to himself that Sam should be there to do this. The door opens very quickly though, and Dean enters the dark hall.
The miles stretch before Castiel. He’s been driving non-stop for three hours, mercilessly exhausting his gas tank and blatantly ignoring all the speed limits. If there’s ever been a moment, when he’s wished he could have his wings back, this is it, because traveling by car feels so slow and cumbersome, especially now. He’s tried calling Sam for several hours, but there’s been no answer, not a message, not a beep. The last time he heard of him, Sam explained that Dean had been attacked and was in a hospital, but not in critical condition, he had reassured him, but had sounded anxious all the same. But Castiel had felt the same ripple in the frequency he’s always attuned at, as before the other murders, the same wrongness of it, and it had felt like a bomb going off underwater. Ever since, Castiel has been sick with worry. Anything could’ve happened to them. He sees the Winchesters helpless, wounded, dying, and truth be told, Castiel didn’t even know he possessed such an imagination to conjure up those images.
“You said his eyes were strange? How?” Juliet leans closer as if he’s ready to let Dean on a well-kept secret.
“Yeah, alright,” Dean mutters. “But won’t it weaken you? Shouldn’t you save your strength if they’re coming?” Cas let’s his face soften, when he looks at Dean.
“Depends. Are you gonna behave?” Shit, angry Cas is sassy as hell. Dean has no idea how to navigate around this dramatic version of Cas, as his usual demeanor is so well-composed.
“Well, if you’re done making a scene about this, I’m sure we can manage”, Cas finally finds something to say, but there’s some tightness in his voice.
“Actually pretty good. Yeah, I think Bobby will be pleased with what I found, as much as that surly bastard can feel pleased. He always says I have a good eye for cars, that’s why he sends me to these things”, he says, shrugging slightly. Cas doesn’t have an actual clue about cars, so Dean always tries to keep the car-talk bare minimum with him. Even though Cas’ confused squint is always fun to watch, when he’s trying to understand all the technical stuff so hard.
“We need to hide ourselves from the angels for the time being. Don’t worry, it comes off. And then I’m gonna stitch you up.”
he can hear a sharp inhalation behind him, when the sound of rustling startles Cas awake. It takes a second for him to get his bearings, but apparently he figures out pretty fast he’s got Dean trapped between the wall and his dick by the low cursing under his breath. He tries to shuffle backwards without alerting Dean, and it abruptly triggers something in him, so he turns quickly, facing Cas and putting a hand on his chest to stop him, feeling Cas’ thundering heartbeat under the tips of his fingers.
It must be their third round or so, slightly tipsy and quickly heading for the territory of drunkenness, when Sam says a perfectly innocent comment amidst their rambling conversation that punches Dean right in the gut, out of the blue.
“So… Korean food?” He asks carefully, trying to pick something that looks least suspicious. He’ll go with meat. You can’t go wrong with that one.
“Dean?” Sam immediately asks, the calm façade cracking, worry leaking through. His eyes are wide, something frantic bubbling underneath. Dean has to concentrate on holding his upper body up, so he only spares Sam a groan that almost sounds like a
Castiel snarls and charges forward, his blade poised ready, but the old man merely raises his hand, throwing Castiel back hard. He hits the wall, more surprised than hurt, and gets up at once, only to find heavy resistance every time he tries to take a step forward. He tries to strain against the pressure, muscles and ligaments almost snapping when his body can’t fight the invisible force.
“Thanks Cas”, he chokes out, holding on for a long moment, before reluctantly pulling out of the embrace, before he will break down like a teenage girl. He avoids Cas’ eyes, lungs constricted tight like he can’t draw a full breath, and Cas squeezes his arm reassuringly.
The second thing Castiel had learned about Dean was that he could get uncomfortable with their closeness sometimes. When they had been alone, Dean was usually the one who initiated touch. Castiel had allowed him that from the beginning, letting Dean set the pace, never wanting to overstep his bounds, as Dean could back away fast when their intimacy became too much. It had been an intricate dance, following the other man's little nuances and hidden meanings under his often gruff speech, and reacting accordingly. Castiel still felt like he failed a lot in that account, which always reminded him of the fragility of their relationship, when Dean shut himself from him or wanted to be left alone.
Everything around him fades into the distance, and it takes a moment to register that Sam asked him a question. He’s mostly just stuck on the fact that Dean’s okay, relatively, and they aren’t in immediate danger. Helpless rage begins to simmer in his gut. Dean got hurt again and he wasn’t there to help them.
Dean manages to avoid Cas for the next week successfully. And he very resolutely ignores the reason, why he’s suddenly acting so weird around him. He picks up extra shifts at work, dragging Benny and others he works with to bars afterwards, where they hang out to wee hours of morning. He drinks way too much, nursing massive headaches that remind him that he can’t hold his liquor in his thirties as well as he did ten years ago. He blasts music in his car so loud that it leaves his ears ringing. Anything to fill the silences, that creep up on Dean when he’s lying on his bed, remembering that he saw a dream about his best friend and now it’s messing with his head.
and how was she doing all of those things? I-I mean, Jesus, she just appeared behind you, out of nowhere, and that light? This can’t be real?” The nurse starts to speak more rapidly, stumbling over her own words, and she directs her gaze on Dean, almost panicked.
Well, technically it turns out to be more than five minutes, but Dean blames his hangover. Roughly after seven hours they are finally nearing Lawton, riding the Impala around the outskirts of the town, trying to find a suitable motel. They’ve hardly said a word during the first half of the trip, although Sam has dug out some new info on religious murders in the last five months, and curtly gives Dean the details. The cases have been happening mostly in small towns all over the country, some even in Canada, increasing in the last two months. They throw around some ideas and Sam tries to narrow down their suspects. “I’m out if it’s witches, man. That’d be just fucked up, Jesus-witches”, Dean says in disgust. But Sam is convinced it’s got something to do with angels, maybe a group of them, or even demons with a weird sense of humor. “The whole explosion thing would fit angel M.O.,” Sam thinks aloud, and Dean argues it could be hex bags too. The bickering restores some normalcy to their interaction, and they seem to leave some of the tension back behind them on the road. Sam still feels more jittery than normal, often stealing unsubtle glances at his direction, drumming his fingers against his thigh, but whatever secrets he’s got buried underneath, Dean’s not gonna give him the satisfaction of digging it up. Either way, they got nothing concrete when they pull to the parking lot of a shabby motel, called the Shanghai Inn. It’s dark already, soft drizzle making the windshield all foggy, and Dean peers outside, taking in the run-down green paint and half-decayed oriental decorations on the door frames.
“Explicitly.” He answers without missing a beat. Sam’s eyebrows are scrunched in a certain way when he’s trying to decode Dean, but then a carefully controlled look of horror dawns on his face.
“It’s not, uh, much, but it’s decent. This here is the living room, behind that door is the bedroom and that’s the kitchen.” Dean walks Castiel through the small apartment, leading them to the kitchen. Castiel spots the wooden kitchen table, running his fingers over the smooth surface and admiring the woodwork.
Dean wants to protest everything but in truth, he’s too tired for that. Careful fingers prod the wound like hot pokers and he flinches, vision going white. He feels suddenly very ill.
Luckily for them, they find a roadside motel fairly quickly, after getting the greasiest takeout hamburgers Castiel has seen in his time with the Winchesters. Dean has been really quiet and withdrawn after they got out of that house, and it can’t be all written off as exhaustion. They all need some space after this hunt, he knows it. Seeing one of his brothers like that, so far gone, it was hard on Castiel as well. But right now, Castiel just wants to sleep like the dead, and it’s getting harder to stay awake, so it’s a relief when Dean pulls into the parking lot. Sam tidies up and readies himself to leave the car, when Dean casually speaks over his shoulder.
“I must destroy it, for the wail of it is like poison to anyone who can hear it.” It doesn’t get him that this fucker is kicking Dean’s ass to the moon without breaking a sweat, it’s the fact that Dean can’t sense her at all, and even now he can’t hear the angel’s footsteps. He feels vulnerable.
“Well, then show me what you got, tiger.” Cas smiles and kisses him as a response, taking his sweet time to get Dean relaxed again. Then he presses gentle hands against him, urging Dean to lay back, his head against the arm of the couch, and it takes a bit of uncoordinated shuffling to get Cas situated on top of him without crushing Dean underneath. Dean spreads his legs to accommodate Cas between them, bringing their hips together. There’s a brief moment of
Dean doesn’t know how long he sits there. There are minor cuts in his hands and arms, leaving smudges of red everywhere. He never wants to get up from this floor. He’s fucking winded. And then he remembers the small piece of paper in his wallet. He wipes his hands, takes the paper out, unfolds it. Stares at the phone number, hastily written on the paper. He’s got nothing to lose.
It’s Cas. He’s here and Dean’s heart is swelling from rush of emotions he doesn’t know how to reign in. He almost thought he’d never see him again. He inhales shakily, trying to find his center again.
he thinks, dragging him down for an uncoordinated kiss to drive the smirk off his lips. Cas responds by cupping his tightened balls, rolling and squeezing them in a way he knows Dean likes it, but soon his hand travels lower and he instinctively spreads his thighs to let Cas continue his explorations.
Dean’s not sure when his trembling hands ended up seeking support from the angel’s lithe body and the drawer behind them, but he comes suddenly very aware of the fact that Cas is driving him, both of them, by the sounds of it, towards the brink. The angel is doing his best to make it good for Dean, doing it just the way he knows drives him crazy. And somehow it feels wrong, the niceness and how Cas is still thinking about him first. He just wants to get off, as rough and hard as he can. None of that feelings-crap.
“Are you still with me? Not thinking of passing out again?” Dean focuses on Sam’s steady voice, raises his throbbing head gingerly to look him in the eyes.
“He left me! He said he was done saving me, whatever that means. He couldn’t wait to pack his bags and say adios.” Dean raises his voice and regrets it at once, when the wound on his side sharply reminds him of its presence. Ah. He was wondering when it would start hurting.
“I’m not looking for pep-talks right now. What we need, is our weapons and everything that might slow him down.” He knows he’s spoken too harshly the second the words leave his mouth, in the way Sam’s mouth tightens and his posture stiffens, like Dean would’ve hurled something heavy at him. Sam stands up straighter and nods, once.
Cold air hits him suddenly and Dean slowly realizes they’re outside. He opens his eyes, blinks groggily. It’s dark. Sam is pushing the chair forward with determination, towards the rows of cars in the parking lot, their hoods speckled with raindrops. The wheelchair rattles and shakes in the gravel. He feels sick. Like, really sick. He tries to open his mouth and tell as much, but it takes couple of tries to get his lips move in coordination.
”Get your shit together, man,” Dean scolds himself, turns back around, shaking his head. Maybe there’s something on the computer. That’s when he feels it. The pinpricks ghosting over his skin, how the hair on the back of his neck rise in alert. He’s not alone. Dean’s muscles tense immediately, and he lets out a steadying breath. The next few seconds happen in a blur. He twists around, gun aimed at whatever threat he’s facing, and comes face to face with a tall, bulky man in a green overall, standing two feet from him. What’s most striking is his eyes, shining bright blue, although the look in them is that of a dead man. Instinctively, he raises his gun, fires two shots from almost point blank straight into the man’s heart, who doesn’t even flinch, even though a red spot starts spreading on the fabric.
Or high, maybe. Just like Eve, Dean has taken the abuses of Heaven and evolved into something greater and
That’s enough to make Dean’s decision for him and he finds himself standing up, his mouth twisting into a sneer. “Who said anything about love?”
Sam is worried, but he hides it with well-placed burger breaks and hunts too interesting to pass up. For six months, Dean only ever leaves Bobby's house sparingly and begrudges every moment he spends not hunched over a book chasing the smoke trails of a realm that might not even exist.
The sound that finally crawls from Dean's throat is wounded and sharp. Cas whips around with that damned sandwich still in his mouth. His face does something complicated, emotion after emotion considered and discarded rapidly before settling on sheepishness. He takes a bite and sits the sandwich down on a plate on the counter. "I can taste peanut butter properly again," he says simply. "I missed it."
to see it now that he appreciates how fleeting the sight of it can be. "I know," he says lowly. "I was awake, in the Empty. Everything was. I heard every prayer you made, Dean."
The bunker is warm and the lights are on. Mrs. Butters left a little of her magic behind for them despite her promise that they would be on their own when she left and Dean hopes she found her forest as she remembered it. He sits the bags down on the table and heads to the kitchen for a beer, not knowing and not caring if it's celebratory or mourning.
too like an animal- Dean Winchester does not wear anyone’s brand, he doesn’t follow anyone’s orders any more. The ringing is getting louder, drowning out his thoughts and matching his heartbeat. This feels like an insult, like an affront.
Dean shakes his head frantically; by now, he understands what duty is to Cas, just the same as Cas understands Dean's love of family. "I wouldn't," he says.
Sam comes further in and closes the door, his eyes roving around the room, lingering on the shattered lightbulbs. “I think… I think that was an angel’s voice.”
Dean gives him that angry, anguished look and Castiel thinks that maybe he is meant to understand something here, but he can't quite grasp what. Dean says, "If you were in my head, you know what I was doing,
Cas shrugs- it hadn’t occurred to him that it was anything else and if it was, it certainly doesn’t matter. “Romantic love? No, this is religion.”
He can hear the Leviathan circling just barely out of sight in the trees. No other beast dares roam close to them, so the two of them are achingly alone, Castiel and this creature hunting him.
When Sam shows up at his motel room exactly three months and three days after The End, Dean is understandably pissed. His first instinct is to beat the thing wearing his brother's skin to a bloody pulp. It's luck, really, and hard earned skill that saves Sam from his initial furious rush and once he's momentarily knocked off track, Sam convinces him to run the same gamut of supernatural tests on him that Bobby had done when Dean clawed his way out of his own grave.
Dean doesn't take to grief well. It sits too heavy in his chest, makes him waspish, makes him mean. He thinks that maybe he just knows too much now to let someone he cares about stay dead.
"Love is holy on its own," Castiel murmurs because he knows Dean won't ask for sacrament on his own.
Across the bar, a group of patrons around the pool tables erupts into uproarious laughter and the three of them conceal flinches at the sound. They share looks and Dean shrugs, takes a swig of his beer. “Maybe a quieter break next time.”
“Yeah, well, I don’t think she’s too proud of that one,” he says hollowly. “She likes her monsters more. She likes
Deanna eyes her brother, full grown without her knowledge and full up of all that anger she’d seen growing in him as a child. That she used to imagine him dead is laughable now- had she forgotten who her brother was? Had she forgotten all that stubborn bullheadedness that would see the world made in his own image? Had she forgotten how he always seemed to get what he wanted, even when it seemed impossible to simple, pragmatic Deanna?
was built rather than born, and every aspect of himself is well known to him, every atrocity of his being familiar even as it discomfits him. Dean is just as self-aware but contorted, twisted around on himself so that his lies are almost the truth. Dean feels that he must be consumable, so he cuts himself into pieces and hides the inedible bits, pretends he doesn't remember the shape of them. Castiel has divine constitution though and he is willing to consume whatever bits Dean wants to hide of himself. He wants to be that hidden place, that secret safe harbor that Dean wants to pretend he does not need but sleeps in the safekeeping of every night. What he says to Dean is, "God is a lonely creature, so he made wheat but not bread and fruit but not wine because he wants humanity to share in the act of creation. You are in the middle of the most holy of acts, Dean. I will not take your creation from you."
He hadn’t understood then why they’d chosen to die. Now he knows that Leviathan are almost the antithesis or purpose and to declare one would be tantamount to breaking the commandments of her realm. It was the perfect catch-22 and if Eve had so easily done that to them, what could she have done to Dean, an unknown human?
Dean's memory is not short; he remembers Pamela saying that name during their seance. He remembers what followed her saying it, too. "Yeah, I figured that much. I meant
Dean drains the rest of his beer in one go. “We’re not- we’re not talking about this on a Thursday night in a bar called
Purgatory isn’t what Dean was expecting, but the ride there is. It’s hot and fast and Elias starts screaming halfway there. Whatever he feared so much sinks its claws into him and drags them along to their destination even faster.  One by one, he can feel Elias’ fingers falling away from him and then there’s no more Elias at all. Dean’s back hits the ground hard and he’s alone in a twilight forest. It’s full of petrified wood and the smell of old blood; it calls to him.
. That is what he should be grasping here: Dean is afraid of himself. He is afraid of his own grasping fingers and the strange in-between place his body has been hovering for so long. He is afraid of admitting the truth of himself, which Castiel fundamentally cannot understand.
Chuck had called Cas the angel of Thursday, the one with a crack in his chassis. Cas called himself a soldier. Dean thinks he might just have been the thing that brought the Plagues to Egypt and the one that saved the Jewish firstborns all at once. He has always been a dual creature, fearfully dangerous, viciously tender.
Sam drops the knife completely and it clatters to the floor, loud in the silence as he fails to answer. He just stands there looking like
Being in Hell means that you never forget you're dead. You don't get the luxury of forgetting that your life is over and your chance to atone for your sins is gone, the demons make sure of that. They make it
Deanna looks around. “Thought maybe I could be a soprano now, wanted to try it out. Guess I don’t know my own power.”
The soul of Dean Winchester blinks at him. Castiel’s many eyes blink back. The word he had been looking for before was ‘
Grief. Is that the choiceless thing welling up in his chest? He remembers Cas promising him months ago that love will destroy him, but not with Cas' hands and he probably should've known then that it would be his own. "Dean. My name is Dean."
himself all covered in some eldritch horror’s ichor, more avenging angel than Cas ever was? “Will you still sleep with me?” he asks, humor edging into his voice.
Cas appears to think about it, seemingly surprised by the need to. “You want to be destroyed by love, don’t you? You always have.” He takes a step forward, closing the careful distance between them. “I want to do the destroying.”
Cas says without thinking, “Lovable.” And why should he have to think, anyway? He’s dead now and what he has to say doesn’t truly matter. Not like it did. He can’t break Dean’s heart more than he already has.
“A human monster.” The strange light of Purgatory’s forest makes Dean’s eyes even stranger, turns them a shifting green-grey color that doesn’t exist in nature. “Just like Eve. She just wants me to eat. I think she wants us both to be happy.”
He could play this off. He could make a joke and laugh and ignore it until he and Sam both explode, but it won’t be very productive. Shit, now that Sam's apparently a mind reader, he's gonna have to rethink his repression methods. Instead of that ugly, monumental task, Dean thinks about the whispers of the semi-legendary Boy King when he was in Hell, how uneasy the demons were back then. He thinks about the dark look in John's eyes when he said Dean might have to do something awful to the brother he had raised. And then Dean thinks about a chubby three-year-old Sammy crying in his arms after a nightmare, telling him that the people eater was gonna get Tommy.
Cas has said a lot of dumb shit to Dean over the decade that they've known each other but, hands down, the absolute dumbest was "
The scene is familiar: Dean standing in the bathroom of a no name motel, staring into the foggy mirror and poking at his chest. The why is different though- he had never considered what the scars would look like. They're pink and thick and so much older than he ever thought he'd see.
Sam reaches out to grab his wrist across the shitty card table in their motel room. His fingers are warm and clammy. Sam speaks less now, communicates with touch as often as possible. He was never a talkative kid, but these days he’s nearly mute, blank eyed and shaky around the edges. They both pretend that Dean doesn't notice the new tremor in Sam's hands and he smiles thinly. The touch says '
It’s such a fantastic thing, such a foreign concept that Dean finds himself nodding without a second thought. What is he without hunger? Who is Dean Winchester without a gnawing pit where his heart should be? No one can promise to fill him, not this self-proclaimed mother of his, not Sam, not even Cas.
The mirror shatters and Dean feels a bead of blood drip from his ear. The ringing isn’t in his head at all- it sounds more like screaming desperation now. He slams his way out of the bathroom only to find that the noise isn’t confined to there. The windows are rattling in their casings and the lightbulbs are already gone. The sounds reaches a fever pitch and, with nothing to swing at, Dean just crouches in the middle of the floor with his hands clamped over his ears. “Please stop,” he whispers. “My
He flinches at the sound of his name sliding from her mouth, at the pride in her voice. Someone is finally proud of him and it's the Mother of Monsters.
Now that Sam is back and super-powered, Dean just sleeping through his nightmares really isn't enough anymore. His nightmares set off Sam's or compound them or look so similar to what Sam would dream about that he finds himself stuck in Dean's head, screaming them both awake every night. They can't keep going like this and Dean knows it, but he can't figure out what to do about it. Drinking himself into a coma or using magic to repress dreams is only going to hurt them in the long run, but that's unfortunately the extent of Dean's coping skills. What can he say? He hadn't really seen a reason to build healthy habits when he was so sure he would be dead by thirty.
He throws himself into his bedroom, desperately trying to get away from the mirror before he gives in to the urge to break it, like that will make it show him what he wants. Like it will show him Cas behind his shoulder or the only physical mark his angel ever gave him.
"You are the hunger of mankind, Dean. That hunger for belonging, connection, understanding, it's all distilled down into you.” Eve steps closer, slow like someone approaching a wild animal known to bite. Her face is pained. “Give someone else all those so-called sins, all the trespasses against yourself, all the secrets, and let yourself be
. That dubious honor goes to the reason Eve is needed to guard this plane in the first place- the Leviathan. Ever hungry, ever hunting, mad creatures born of the nothingness before God thought to give his creations purpose. They were the angelic equivalent of ghost stories, a haunting warning of what could happen if you denied your true purpose.
Dean had always thought his brother’s anger was too big for a normal person and in this moment he feels vindicated. Sam's teeth are bared and his skin seems to bubble and the midday light bends around him- he doesn't just look angry, he looks
On the drive back home, Dean hands shake incessantly. He keeps them on the wheel very carefully and doesn’t look at his brother. Sam always notices too goddamn much and Dean doesn’t want to hear whatever psychoanalytical bullshit spews from his mouth after this new trauma.
He could get a job, maybe. He’d liked working well enough when he was with Lisa and being in one place was nice, but maybe not in an office this time. There’s a struggling mechanic’s shop in town that he could apply to just for something to do. He could even resurrect the Roadhouse for all the new hunters with all the time he sees stretching out before him. Dean thinks he might learn to like the quiet life.
It’s so easy to set yourself on fire when you’re young. Dean may not have actually lived the years, but he can feel the age in his bones, can feel the way they creak sometimes when he squats. He wants so badly to keep living, but he knows he can’t do it alone. He won’t.
Bobby is creeping up behind him, crowbar raised, and Deanna speaks without thinking, "Yeah, thanks for that."
Here's the thing: the bedrock is crumbling. While Sam is attempting to save the world, get the girl, and find the good ending for everyone, Dean is just trying to build himself back up. He feels unmoored now for maybe the first time. There are no people to save, no monsters to hunt in this story- there's just an infinitely cruel God and an empty world and a driving, desperate beat in his head.
Castiel blinks and tilts his head. "I recreated you as you were. Your own specifications pulled from your head."
. Castiel’s grace was purifying the demon from the inside out and he decides this is close enough to destruction to count his mission as a success. A soul without sin doesn’t belong in Hell, nor does it deserve the oblivion that his siblings would have him send it to.
"Because it means I'll help you. Grief isn't smart but it is awful powerful and it'll drive you to do awful things- you 'n me both. So I'll help you, boy."
“Not really,” Sam says. He looks down at the threshold. “If you were, you could come in with no problem.”
not without sin. After all, John himself had killed Dean and that means something, right? That means that he deserved it.
Usually, when someone tells him something earth-shattering, it takes a while for it to settle in his head correctly. Its not because he's dumb- he may not be Stanford-smart or Sam-smart, but he is cunning and sometimes that's more important- but because Dean's understanding of the world is like bedrock. Everything he knows is solid and steady, so change is only possible through excessive, shocking force.
Sam heaves a breath and the knife lowers incrementally. He raises his other hand, palm out and fingers outstretched like a stop sign, and his eyes drift closed. Deanna feels heat and pressure behind her eyes but nothing happens and after a moment, Sam opens his eyes again, confused and hopeful. “That… that usually works.”
"Do you think I don't know?" Dean says, quiet and venomous. "Do you think I could've lived half as long as I did if I didn't know exactly who and what I am? I know he's gone, but old habits die hard, Cas. Demons die harder."
The third kiss is tinged with laughter and accompanied by the kind of sunshine you can only find on Earth.
Well, no, Dean knows why. It echoes in his head day and night, replaces his heartbeat, syncs his breathing to it, his meals timed by number of repetitions since he woke up instead of a clock.
Castiel holds up a quelling hand, "I warned her not to spy on my true form. It can be overwhelming to humans. So can my true voice, but you already knew that."
He clears his throat and leans into the mic, incredibly conscious of all of the people paying him no mind, and he starts to sing. “
The answer comes so quietly that Cas isn’t sure he was supposed to hear it at all. “She said I’m the hunger of
right. Sam has grown into someone truly incredible, but Dean's pretty sure it had nothing to do with his parenting skills.
Dean has probably known that his brother is different for a very, very long time and now, without John whispering in his ear, he finds that he just really
The thing about Tessa is that she doesn't seem to know how to feel pity. She's completely without empathy where Cas is- was- is- just a really weird little guy who felt too much and very clearly didn't know what to do with it. Dean misses it. Misses it so much that when Tessa nods and holds out her hand, Dean grabs it without asking where they're going and it simultaneously thrilled and terrified to find himself standing on the main drag of something that could have easily been a set
After a few moments, Sam seems to find the end of his sentence. “So is the apocalypse. Like, the Biblical one. The angels want me to play the part they made me for.”
was like, can imagine how far and fast his little brother ran from their dad the moment he could. He also knows how good Sam is at reinventing himself, reinventing his
When Dean crawled out of his own grave twelves years ago, it wasn't really him. It wasn't the body that he had been born with, not the one that held his infant brother at four or tried to make Winchester Surprise at seven or took that werewolf's claws to his shoulder at fourteen, but it felt like it. The body that he has now is remade- carefully, lovingly- and Dean didn't realize how
"He left. Castiel... He left, Sammy." The words weren't supposed to come out so brokenly, but it all was a mess and red agony and the walls around his carefully concealed vulnerabilities were crushing down. Sam still had that look,
Dean breaks the eye contact. He can’t drag this out any further, better be done with it than delay the inevitable. They can’t let him live. Coldness settles under his skin, and he has to force his uncooperative muscles to move. He twirls the angel blade in his hand, mustering a rueful smile.
he almost passes out again when the movement jostles his bleeding side the wrong way. So, he stays still, taking even, shallow breaths, fighting the graying edges of his vision.
“That was my whole opinion.” He says it straight-faced, but Dean can see his lips twitching, hiding a smile. He huffs, faking irritation.
“Keep the pressure.” Sam directs his hand to his abdomen, and Dean very carefully presses the cloth to the wound, sucks in a sharp breath when the contact feels like burning coals on his skin. Sam watches him closely, and Dean swallows down any further complaints he would’ve liked to scream out loud, holding his gaze steadily.
Something ugly settles in the back of his throat. 'Special people', huh? Dean had perceived Castiel just fine when he was a demon, so what does that make him? Once again, only important for his killer instinct? "And what 'visage' are you in now, huh? What, holy tax accountant?" he says uncharitably.
Dean shakes himself, finishes dressing, wanders into the kitchen for coffee to clear his head and then into the bunker and out into the clear grey morning. Sam is still asleep, attesting to his own grief with the late hour. Jack is a ghost as always, unseen until he wants to be. Dean stands in the weak light and breathes in the thin, still air. He's not even sure Chuck left birds on Earth with them.
Mirroring his gaze, Castiel snaked his hands between Dean’s muscled thighs, spreading them wider, although Dean resisted at first, hindering the movement. Oh god. Feeling the man reluctantly starting to surrender beneath him almost drove him insane with lust. They had always had a deep connection, but the primal energy that buzzed in the air around them right now tingled Castiel to his core.
“Well, we’ll cover more ground that way,” he offers with less conviction as before. Cas purses his lips into a thin line, hiding his emotions from his face carefully. But the frustration in his stiff posture is clear to Dean. Cas has a way of expressing his feelings with miniscule shifts of his eyes and mouth, how he holds himself. It’s clear as day to Dean, but other people might mistake it for indifference.
"Umm, yes?" Castiel had replied cautiously, looking for tells that would give hints when the other man would blow up. Dean had thrown him an exasperated look, clenching his jaw, throwing his fork on the plate.
, he thought automatically but recognized the ragged silhouette a heartbeat later. Castiel sat with his back straightened like a proper soldier, deep in thought. So he was still here. Dean was genuinely surprised, he hadn't thought guarding his sleep was Castiel's top priority when everything was going to shit with the world.
“Yeah, I’m- I’m fine,” he answers, but there’s something missing, the hardness which he wears like an armor, and instead his voice just sounds rough and vulnerable. He snaps out of it quickly, pulls a sad approximation of a smile on his face. Castiel’s heart clenches.
Their minds connect, like a rope tightening with a snap, and Castiel starts searching the newborn’s mind, wading through the fragmented feelings of rage and memories, pushing his barriers down more quickly than Raguel can rebuild them. He more feels than sees the other newborn trying to fight her way to them, before it’s too late, but Sam and Dean manage to hold her back. There’s something tugging him, a strand of grace, worn down like a frayed tendon, few stray strands separating from it, but he keeps following it further.
Sam and Dean may be good at a lot of things, but they’ve never been efficient in their clumsy attempts to tear down the iron curtains hiding their painful memories. “Hey, let’s just talk this through”, is not an option for them, and they have to be under extreme duress to even breach the subject. Instead they skirt and dance around each other, trusting that one meaningful look exchanged, flicker of smile or brotherly slap on shoulder is enough to bury the skeletons. And somehow, they’ve dragged Castiel down in the mud with them, leaving all three equally hopeless to solve their own problems. Which has been all fine and dandy up until the moment they’ve all sat down together in the kitchen for the first time in God knows how long, and every second feels like that there’s a pack of dynamite ready to blow up at any second.
Dean's chest nearly caves in. How long had Sam been gone from his perspective? He had purposefully not thought about the implications of sending his brother to the Cage because he wouldn't have been able to stop himself from doing something incredibly stupid and world-breaking to save him, but now... God, why hadn't he
He wants to close his eyes but doesn’t when Castiel draws the knife, watching it come closer. “Do it,” he says.
It stops. The windows stop rattling and the pressure in his head stops building and the front door swings open. Sam stands there with a takeout bag from a diner across town in one hand and a police file in the other. “What happened in here?” he asks.
When he finally does, the sight before him makes him scramble up and away. A horror stands before Dean- a dark skinned woman clothed in pelts and what looks like discarded shifter skin, a patchwork of humanity and
If Castiel had ever stopped to consider it, he would’ve assumed that death would be calm, quiet. Maybe he would be alone in the darkness finally, be one with it. Be empty.
A second set of footsteps echoes from the opposite end of the clearing. Castiel and the Leviathan both freeze and he can sense its attention shifting. He finds himself getting angry; is he not dangerous enough to keep this thing's attention? Still not good enough even in death? His wings flare up in irritation and his grace burns at his insides, furious at being contained. He is compressed down into the form of Jimmy Novak even here in death because Eve, still limited by her own humanity, can't perceive their true forms and thus cannot be an effective gatekeeper for he and his siblings, so her heavy hand keeps them in a shape she can understand.
Castiel assumes Dean means God. He assumes Dean means to demean Castiel's- whatever it is that he feels for Dean. Affection, loyalty, duty, whatever this hot, roiling feeling in this vessel's stomach is called. He replies, "I am not a female dog, Dean," Castiel says. "I have no such eagerness to follow orders, though I would follow yours, if you gave them."
Dean's shoulders move rapidly, his breathing harsh, while his thoughts whizz by so fast that Castiel can't make heads or tails of them. Finally, Dean's head turns toward him, green eyes burning, and he says, "So why didn't you bring me back right?"
He stumbles down the empty halls to his bathroom. He wishes it wasn't so quiet, wishes the hunters they saved from Apocalypse World were living with them again, but he's also glad he's alone for all intents and purposes- if anyone but Sam and Jack were haunting the bunker with him, he wouldn't be able to allow himself to grieve at all.
She takes two supremely confident steps forward and then stops when Dean steps back, her brow furrowed. Eve says, "Don't you know me? I'm your mother. No, don't look like that,” she says sharply when Dean’s face goes pale and sick looking, “don't look at
"Then why do I still feel like this? Why did you leave me unfinished?" Dean is screaming, teeth bared and chest heaving. He looks wild, he looks wounded. He whispers again, "
"I'm sorry. I can... hear things now. Too much. Demon blood only gave me a temporary power up, but angelic grace..." he trails off and shakes his head. In a small voice he adds, "This might just be me now."
“Dean just wanted to sing in front of a crowd again,” Sam says, leaning into Cas like he’s sharing some big secret.
- but he does most of it and he has an actual audience by the end. He even gets whistle or two when he puts down the guitar, but he heads back to his table and his brother instead of the bar to find the woman so boldly catcalling him.
"However you know, you're not a threat to me, son. Nothing is, not even Sam Colt without that pretty little gun my dearest mother gave him." His lip lifts in a sneer and though his teeth are perfectly human, something about the shape of his mouth promises that it's experience and not bravado talking right now.
"Because you know how much it could've broken if you did," Sam says quietly, "and I asked you not to. You never really say no to me, Dean."
It's like the floodgates are opening. It hurts, of course, but it is cleansing, too. Dean leans forward with the floodwaters, grasps the back of Cas's neck and finally,
In the dark in the town square where none of the candlelight from the windows reaches, Elias' eyes glint like a cat's. It makes Dean feel pinned, watched. He grits out, "It's not about her. There's... there's something in Purgatory I need."
That first kiss is a feast, the kind that draws humans to the sin of gluttony and for the first time, Cas can understand the effect Famine has on humans. Before it had just been his vessel moving his hands to desperately shovel red meat into his mouth while Cas stood by confused, but
covered in the black ichor of a Leviathan and carrying a jawbone- the only thing Cas knows that can kill them, even just in the temporary way that death that works in Purgatory. He can’t tell if Dean has been here for minutes or years, but he’s definitely
Dean would like to be sure of things again. He would like to be able to swallow down his anger and be kind. He would like to be the kind of man who decided to coax Amara to help them instead of threatening her, who actually managed to protect Kevin, who raised Ben instead of just putting him in danger. He would like to be whichever version of himself that didn't hold Death's Scythe to Sam's neck with every intention of killing him.
Dean shakes his head and claps his brother on the shoulder, pulling him up and into another, softer hug. "Take a shower," he says. "It'll convince you you're alive. Trust me."
Because he still has those ring of scars on his shoulder. The inside of his right arm is still a little gnarled from badly done stitches made by a shaky thirteen-year-old Sam. There's still a scar above his eyebrow from a fight he and Dad had right after Sam left for college. The freckles across his nose and clavicle still appear every single summer in the precise places they always have.
Sam looks skeptical and more than a little worried. "Angels don't just save people for no reason. I mean, they're kind of dicks, honestly."
He strips and gets into the shower in a haze. The water is just a little too hot; his scars ache with every movement. Castiel's grace and care had been holding his old bones together for the last decade and all that clawing himself out of graves seems to be catching up with him now. He counts his scars in the mirror afterwards.
The man eyes him warily and the peculiar scent of pure heat drifts to Dean. If it were light out, he thinks there would be heat mirages around the man. "They call me Elias here."
Eve doesn't ask who ‘he’ is. Her mouth purses and she eyes him like a mother trying to decide how best to bargain with her toddler. "I'll give you back your angel, but only if you promise to eat. You're starving yourself, sweetheart."
The smell of ozone creeps back in slowly, softly, burning Dean’s nose until it’s all his can smell. Cas turns his face just enough that Dean can see the barest sliver of that perfect blue. The streetlights bleach his face white, makes it flat and alien. “You are not a tree in a forest, Dean. You don’t need to be perceived to exist.”
Dean. He knew the map of his veins, knew the nightmares that kept him up, knew the atrocities he had committed happily in Hell. Being known wasn't so bad at all when it was Cas who was doing the knowing and somehow in the intervening years between that physical Hell and this mental one, Dean has forgotten what it's like to be alone in his head, to be unknown. It feels strange to let his mind wander and not think of the angel down the hall, strange to know just thinking his name won't make him appear.
It's not like nobody knew. Sam probably knew because Sam knows everything about Dean and Bobby knew because his house was where Dean went to get healed up after his surgery. Bobby’s house is where John dragged Dean out of on that last day, the old man chasing them with a shotgun and unable to get a good shot off because Dean was
The afterlife of the supernatural, a place where humans were never supposed to enter. The dumping grounds for God's first experiments, some of the books say. Hopefully, the place angels go when they die.
Only when Dean is satisfied with the results does he finally break down. He's not sure if it's relief or anger or delayed grief shaking through him, but his knees give out and his eyes well up and he maybe blacks out for a few minutes. When he comes to again, he and Sam are curled on the floor and Sam is sobbing so hard that Dean wonders if he's breathing. He ignores the tears burning tracks down his own face and picks the both of them up, Sam's lanky frame loose-jointed and wobbly as Dean guides them over to the bed.
Sammy’s put himself in the Hell in a Cell match to end all matches and Dean’s going to have to throw away the key. He’s going to have to be alone.
Dean wants that, that absolute serenity. He wants to be at peace with his decisions, but he hasn't truly been at peace since… since his mom put him to bed the night their house burned down and even then he was fussy, anxiously reaching out for his brother. It was Dean's job to protect him, right? Never let him go, never let him feel alone, never let him let other people make him feel small and, damn, he couldn't even do
Purgatory is not some cosmic time-out corner, as Dean would say. The Purgatory that Castiel wakes up in is a liminal twilit forest, an endless thing that stretches far beyond what he can perceive. Anything with a mind will lose it here and any scrap of humanity that survives death will be extracted painfully, the forest whispers to him.
There's the quietest sound like an indrawn breath, a short burst of running footsteps and a sharp scream ended by the sound of cracking bones. Castiel crouches, his wings still flared wide, waiting for whatever steps out of that brush.
,” he insists. “I’m one of her monsters; she just wants me to eat. She promised we could leave if I did.”
It makes Dean want to let go but he grips tighter instead. He is more than willing to die for whatever this is he's feeling. "Eve?" he says, breathless. "Is that your mother? I need to see her."
"If I die, can you take me to Purgatory? Even just to the door, I need-" he trails off, unsure of what the end of that sentence even is. If his theory is wrong, this is the end and he's starting to think that that's really not a bad thing at all.
"Yeah, well, we don't need Cas, we need-" Dean stops cold, his eyes going wide. "Shit. We need to call Bobby."
And nothing happens. She doesn’t stop or disintegrate. She just steps in like a normal human and Sam eyes her suspiciously, leaning away from her hand. She tries not to feel hurt. “When did you turn into sasquatch, huh? I don’t remember signing off on that.”
say yes!” She nudges his foot with her own to get him to look at her again. “Nothing we do is easy, it never will be, but somebody’s gotta do it. And if there’s anything I know, it’s that my baby brother is the most stubborn person in the world.”
"Maybe I’m tired of working!" Dean says, his voice edging up the scale. "I’m just- I’m just so sick of feeling wrong."
He's right. They're Winchesters, they're the last Winchesters, there is nothing that can take them on.
, I haven’t met, but yeah, angels are real. So is, uh.” Sam sits on the bed and puts the food and file on the nightstand, toeing his shoes off. It makes Deanna acutely aware that she is sitting on the floor with nothing but a towel around her waist. She makes no move for the shirt and sweatpants Sam had dug up for her. What’s a little nudity between siblings in the face of this? Whatever
Cas breaks the moment by leaning in, the blade gone in the blink of an eye. He touches Dean so lightly that it’s more a ghost than actual sensation, but the pain is gone. He’s no longer bruised or cut up, his back no longer aches from where he was shoved into the alley wall. A miracle. He looks up, fingers flexing against the brick on either side of his hips. He’s not sure if he should stand up, not sure if he wants this moment to end or last forever. He says, “If I kiss you, would it be a sin?”
Of course, when he gets his answers, the come violently. Every blow from Castiel’s disproportionately heavy hands feels a little like benediction and Dean finds himself leaning into the pain.
Castiel's confession was a shocking, heady thing that hit Dean with the same force as that semi truck slamming into Baby so long ago. He felt it in his teeth, behind his eyes, in the backs of his calves. Cas said he loved him and Dean's lungs started to feel heavy like Alistair was filling them with sulfur again. He had so badly wanted to say something,
, but it burns the inside of his mouth. Instead, "I thought you would like to finish yourself. You have been working so hard, after all."
Cas closes his eyes and Dean instantly regrets it. That shade of blue doesn't exist anywhere else and he
? Sammy, it’s me, I’m back. I don’t- I don’t know how or why or what that means, but I’m back, man. Just- just put down the knife.”
Dean considers ignoring him for about half a second before deciding that answering his brother will be much less of a headache, so he says, “What, did you expect me to be a zombie?”
Dean is shaking, his sides heaving with each labored breath less than a foot away. This time when he speaks, he says it with his whole chest: “I love you, Cas. More than I’ve ever loved anything else, I think.”
Cas finally steps forward, seized by a desperate need to be near Dean even as he spirals into whatever dark abyss Eve opened before him. “Dean, no one knows you better than me. You are human, do you hear me? You are
. She holds a jawbone in one hand, too big to be human, too full of needle-sharp teeth to pack into a human skinsuit on Earth- something native to Purgatory, something that she killed and uses as a weapon. In her other hand, she holds half a fig. Eve.
. It feels final this time in a way nothing else ever has. Even after the averted apocalypse when they were still young and naïve, it hadn't really felt like an ending. Dean thinks he won't accept the world as safe until he sees Sam happy again.
The first time Dean prayed, it was beside his brother's hospital bed. He didn't go to the chapel downstairs in the hospital or even leave the room. He didn't call out for God, or strength, or grace. He had thought,
There’s a figure beside Sam, dark and shadowed with awful posture- Castiel, twisting a bottle back and forth and looking disarmingly human. Well, mostly human. His eyes have this glow in the dim, like a neon sign. The religious ones specifically, the kind you only see very late at night in the South so far away down the highway that you can only vaguely make out something like ‘
“You wanted to check in on us, how sweet,” he says with a wide grin. Sam rolls his eyes and takes a speculative sip from his beer, frowning when he finds it empty.
know the taste of Deans mouth, though, and he aims to rectify that as he delicately grasps Dean’s jaw.
. You remember being Marc Anthony, you remember being Orpheus. You remember being Able and following your brother into the field because you loved him. Don't you feel it still, the hunger?"
His upper lip lifts in a snarl. "And what if your daddy came calling you to heel like a good little bitch?"
The lights are on here, too, and there's a low, shaky humming. Dean rounds the corner and his lungs turn to lead. He doesn't remember how to breathe in or move or speak.
And then suddenly, the smell and the heat and the feeling of being watched is gone. This clear and sudden lack of regard makes him even angrier, somehow and he clenches his fists so hard he can imagine his knuckles creaking. “What?” he says, voice strangled. “You just not gonna look at me anymore? Time’s almost up and- and they’ve got Adam now, so I guess I’m just not useful anymore-”
and the slow movement of his trench coat floating in a nonexistent breeze is just one more unneeded reminder. Even if Dean
That gets him to laugh a little and he turns to dig through the bag he brought back. That diner must do all day breakfast because he pulls out a double decker breakfast sandwich and hands it over. Deanna already has her mouth around an unnecessarily big bite when Sam says, “I wonder what that angel was trying to say to you.”
The angel keeps walking forward. He's so close that she can feel the unnatural heat rising off his skin. She stabs him and backs away again, half horrified by the amused quirk of his lips when he pulls the knife out of his chest. He drops it and the clatter is loud in the silence of the barn, though a storm still rages outside. "Who are you?" Deanna asks, panting.
In the end, Dean can't forget the sound of a man he had once honestly called a friend screaming out for him to
Dean has been dreaming about the way Castiel felt when they met that first time. He’s been dreaming of the strange, ephemeral quality of his flesh and the way it seemed to evaporate every time Dean’s claws got close to digging in. He wonders what the angel’s skin would feel like now that they’re both on Earth and limited by flesh and blood bodies.
“I wanted to check on you progress.” It sounds hollow, like a lie. Cas doesn’t need to come to some dive bar to check on them, not really. Dean gets the strange idea that this is the angel’s version of a social call.
Cas takes back the ground he loss and then presses closer still until he and Dean are nose to nose. He knows that nose, the slightly deviated septum that he rebuilt so carefully. He knows the placement of every single one of those freckles, the careful sweep of eyelashes, the overlong bottom canines. He does
That place directly under his jaw starts to burn, the place Castiel’s grace had lodged itself when they met. It’s just the ghost of grace, but it’s enough to make him bite out, “Haven’t you destroyed enough of me?”
starving, but he has always been starving, so what's one moment more? What's a gnawing hunger to a clawing one? Still, he asks, "'Eat'?"
The only thing that has ever truly healed is the handprint on his shoulder. It still itches from time to time.
The drive to Salvation is a long, lonely one. Dean keeps looking over to the passenger seat expecting Sam to be there, scrolling through some article on his phone, sullen and silent. Every few miles he looks over to say something snarky and every few miles he is once again hit with the realization that Sammy
Tessa is gone by the time Dean thinks to look for her and he finds himself stuck between fear of the unknown and excitement because this is the Wild West!
“Fine then,” Dean snaps, throwing his hands in the air sharply. He returns to his stoic staring contest with the floor. Cas has followed the exchange quietly, willing Dean glance in his direction even once. But the hunter isn’t exactly known for his mellow temperament. Sam raises his eyebrows in exasperated look and shakes his head minutely to Cas.
Castiel knows he crossed a line there, to specific things that rip apart Dean every night. Things that Castiel has tried to mend with careful, soothing fingers.
“It was my fault.” The words spill out of his mouth, before he can even wonder whether he meant to say them aloud.
“-isolated houses, yeah, okay,” Sam finishes but Dean feels the panicked chokehold lessen around them. Good. All energy just drains out of him in one heavy sigh. His eyelids feel too heavy to resist and he closes them, just for a second.
“Maybe it’s best I’d take this case on my own,” Sam says tightly, trying not let his frustration show. Yeah, no luck there, kid. He’s not gonna get left behind.
Cas smiles at him when he finally gets up, already dressed and presentable. Dean can only squint at him and groan as a response, hair sticking everywhere and feeling like he hasn’t slept at all.
Cas rolls over, and Dean watches the muscles of his back ripple underneath the skin, as the angel rummages through the bedside table, locating the small bottle of lube quickly where he tossed it last time. Dean uses the lull of the moment to get rid of his t-shirt, throwing it haphazardly to the foot of the bed, just in time as Cas turns back and eyes him appreciatively. He tries to sit up fully, but the angel places his hand on his sternum and pushes him back insistently.
“Dean, I-“ Castiel managed to gasp out, before he felt the body underneath convulse, back arching like a tuned bow, and Dean cried out brokenly when he ejaculated into Castiel’s hand and his own stomach. The erratic clenching of his muscles made sparks shoot throughout Castiel’s body, sending him over the edge, making him slam his cock in once more with a blissful moan, coming undone inside Dean.
"Don't expect me to get all soft on you now, angel boy", he had grumbled back, settling in, broad chest against Castiel's frame, arm draped comfortably over him.
“I’m not blind, you assholes.” Dean cuts in behind them, clearly irked. Sam gives Castiel a final, coercive look, before he swirls around and heads for his bag, ignoring Dean’s comment. That leaves Castiel exposed and he gapes like a fish on dry land, trying to find the words that won’t lead to Dean stomping out of the room angrily.
“Yeah, but I still wanted to be here with you”, he half-whispers, lips still hovering over the spot he kissed. Dean keeps watching him, their faces close enough that their noses are almost bumping, breathing the same air. There are wrinkles around Cas’ eyes; he isn’t fully smiling but radiating contentedness all the same. Something eases in his chest, like he can breathe deeply after days of inhaling thinned air. It’s what Cas’ presence always does to him.
he needs Cas there like right now. That breaks whatever spell Cas was under, and he takes rushed steps forward and Dean tries to meet him halfway, but he’s forgotten the stupid cast and ends up doing an awkward hobble instead, almost losing his balance. Cas catches him like it’s a fucking romantic comedy, steadying him with a sturdy grip on his biceps. Dean’s grinning like an idiot, taking a second to appreciate that Cas needs their closeness just as urgently as he does. With a glance and a careless wave of Cas' finger, the cast snaps in half, and then Dean can’t wait any longer, and crushes him against his chest without any warning, arms wrapped around him tightly, and Cas' response is to pull him even closer, fingers curling into the nape of his neck. Fuck, how he’s missed this. How fucking stupid he’s been.
From what Castiel understands, this act will at least delay the apocalypse if not just outright stop it. Either way, the ultimate outcome doesn’t concern him- his mission is clear cut, simple, most likely meant to keep him out of the way while his superiors continue the search for a suitable vessel for Michael. Castiel still thinks the third Winchester son would be good enough, but, with Anael gone, there’s no one left to listen to him.
The third kiss is held off by Dean pulling back to suck in great lungfuls of air. He’d forgotten to breath and Cas had forgotten to let him, but it was fine, it was
It's a cold comfort. John Winchester has only been dead for maybe a year now and yes, Dean should be proud of the centuries he lasted in Hell, but the fact that he had to last at all is a cosmic crime.
It is trauma, Dean recognizes the taste of it in the back of his mouth, coating his tongue like copper. It feels like Chuck's fists left permanent divots in Dean’s cheekbones. It was such a strange thing to get into a fistfight with God and come out of it feeling clean. Every broken bone and drop of blood felt like another sin struck off the record because this was for the good of humanity. It was to
Here is an ache Deanna has found in the last few days- the scars on her chest ache when she breathes too harshly. Thankfully, she has no urge to smoke anymore because that cough would probably do her in.
him instead of from him, its maw open and dripping hellfire like foam from the mouth of a rabid dog. It’s young, Castiel can tell, and, like a baby snake, all the more dangerous for it. He side-steps that first rush and lifts his first set of wings just enough to let the light of his face blind it. It’s stunned for just a moment, just long enough for Castiel to get his arms around it and restrain it against his chest. The young demon rages against him, spitting hellfire and attempting to claw at his wings, but Castiel is stronger, if only barely. He feels himself heating up in preparation to finish his mission when the demon manages to sink its teeth into his arm. A piece of him comes away in its mouth.
Dean stands under the spray for so long that it turns to ice and then he stands a little longer until the shivers get uncontrollable. The faucet creaks as he turns it off and the paper-thin motel towel scratches across skin he doesn’t remember being sensitive. He wants to say that his rebirth has left him changed, left him…
That’s maybe the only sensible thing Dean has said this whole conversation. The sheer breadth and depth of Dean’s native hunger had given Cas the capacity to want too, had taught him the feeling so he could emulate it. Dean is a house to every want Cas can imagine- a want for others to accept him, a want for him to accept himself, a want for outside validation, a want for every creature comfort he sees. “I doubt what Eve wants from you is as simple as you finally getting that perfect bacon cheeseburger, Dean.”
Sam looks up, that same stupid, confused puppy look on his face that Deanna remembers, the one what says, ‘
Strangely, that answer seems to please the angel and he leans back in his seat, too comfortable and too intense. He seems more solid than everything around him just the same way as Sam sometimes does when he comes back to the motel room late at night from the meeting with that demon Dean isn’t supposed to know about.  “No,” Cas says finally, “your performance is a private one.”
Tessa still looks the same as when she reaped him as a kid. She smiles despite her annoyance at being summoned, clearly fond of him still. "What do you want, Dean?"
He shivers; it's cold now and he needs his jacket, but he can't bear to put it on. He saw it out of the corner of his eye as he was leaving his room earlier- it's filthy and torn and on the shoulder there's that mark. He can't wash that jacket, can't erase Cas's bloody handprint. Not again.
"I'm the one gripped you tight and raised you from perdition." The angel's voice is gravelly and strangely hollow like he's not used to speaking at all.
"That's why you're the only one who can." Castiel takes a careful, unneeded breath and decides to take a chance. He reaches out and grasps Dean's hand. "Dean,
just hours ago? But now, with the knowing right in front of him, he rocks back and forth on the balls of his feet, teetering on the edge of fight or flight.
are the Righteous Man. When I went to Hell in search of God's most perfect weapon, I was guided to you. If Heaven can recognize the truth, why can't you?"
Dean shrugs, unaffected. “Not for lack of trying, man. I hitched a ride on a phoenix of all things to get here. To get to you.”
"That's easy for you to say! You're not the one with your hands in your own guts day in and day out, trying to figure out what's in the wrong place and what should've never grown in at all. You're not the one hiding the only truth you know from your father. You're not- God, Cas, I'm not even sure if you really care."
“Good as new,” she says. The scars across her chest twinge with every deep breath she takes- healed now where they were fresh before.
In the city, silence is never truly silent. There’s always music spilling out of bars, cars movingly busily from one place to another, people going about their lives- except for now, when Cas’ presence is so heavy that it blots out everything around them. It quiets the world, softens it, cradles Dean like he is the center of the universe.
There’s a question that’s been gnawing at his mind since he realized his baby brother isn’t a baby anymore: without Sam to guide and protect, who is Dean Winchester?
That's a good question and the answer, very broadly, is no. Very specifically though, just to Castiel, the answer is, "I am saying that you might be mine."
Sam's cold hands brush along Dean's hairline. "What's wrong? What did we do, what can- how can we fix it?"
Only, now she’s standing in front of him and he looks older and tired and his hair still curls over his ears the way it did when he was a kid. It makes her heart squeeze uncomfortably in her newly rebuilt chest. His hand tightens on the doorknob of his motel room- she can’t see it, but the wood creaks as he leans forward out of the darkness of the room. He says hollowly, “Dean? Dad just wasn’t enough of a witness, huh?”
So he nods to Eve, he steps toward her, he leans down when she beckons him closer. She plants a kiss on his forehead and presses the jawbone in her hand into his, murmuring into his skin, “I am a merciful mother and I give gifts to my children. Follow my rules and you both will leave here safely. Fail to give your angel your love, fail to accept his, and you
Cas squints and tilts his head in that vaguely unsettling, reptilian way of his. “You did. Every word out of your mouth is somehow about love. Every word, every taunt, every prayer.”
It's a single- Dean can't bear the sight of a second bed anymore. Sam sits down heavily, finally calmed into breathing semi-regularly, but he doesn't let go of Dean's shirt. His fists are balled up stubbornly in the hem of his henley the same way Sam has been doing since he was an infant, though his hands are bigger and stronger and scarred now. All he says is, "Time moves differently in Hell," but it's enough.
Dean thinks about meeting Famine. He thinks about watching Cas eat raw meat from the floor because his vessel was so starving it overpowered a being that was built like a star. He thinks about the Horseman telling him that he has no hunger because he is empty.
What walks in is an angel. Deanna knows because she knows. Some part of her warms at his proximity in some pale imitation of his purifying fire. The sound of Bobby’s shotgun brings her back to the present, back to earth, and she raises her gun as well, already sure it will have no effect.
Dean realizes now that love looks different on Castiel. With Lisa, it had looked like sharing her home and letting him into her son's life. With Cas, love looks like blood. It looks like a civil war started for the sake of Dean's free will, like learning to tolerate and then love Sam, someone whose very existence threatened what Cas was created for. It looked like his serenely happy face as the Empty reached for him.
Dean smiles to himself and leaves Sam to it, pulling himself out of the car and grabbing their bags from the trunk. He
!” Only, maybe it’s not her. This is the first time she’s spoken since she woke up and her voice sounds- it’s not what she remembers. It’s deep, rough, like this body remembers the scars from screaming for decades on end.
Cas stands in his kitchen with his back to him, a sandwich hanging out of his mouth while he reaches down for the butter knife he dropped- the clanging Dean heard. He's humming the theme song from that stupid show he likes,
The shower in this motel is the same as every other one- weak, lukewarm, and showing signs of mold in the corners. It feels like heaven.
She busies herself with another bite and presents her shoulder to Sam. His eyebrows creep up when he gets a good luck at her newest scar. “I’m assuming an angel is the only thing with enough juice to- to pull me out. Gave me this for its trouble, which is pretty rude.”
“And we’re only human,” Dean says over him. “We can’t go nonstop forever. Breaks are good for our health.”
No, of course they can't go there, that would be too easy. And if it really is where angels go when they die, no angel should be able to set foot there beforehand, so he guesses it was a dumb question to ask. Still, "One of the books mentioned the phoenixes can travel there at will because they’re both alive and dead. I know there are no more, but- I mean, don't angels time travel? One of them could help me."
The trees lining the clearing creak ominously and Cas stumbles back a step. Love? Out of Dean’s mouth? Cas can’t tell if this is rapture or the final death he’s been waiting for, but he’ll take it gladly. This is the one hunger, the one
Castiel walks to him and kneels so close that his knees brush the toes of Dean's shoes. He thinks, suddenly, that he understands communion, he understands that strange urge humans have always had to consume their gods. He says, "There have been a rare few things I have cared about in my long existence, but none have been more important to me than you. I would leave my post if you asked."
“There was another murder,” Cas blurts out grimly. Both brothers snap to attention at that. Back to business.
Dean approached him, tension in his body that was rigged to explode, and the world narrowed down to Castiel's rapidly beating heart and his still body that was prepared to weather whatever outburst Dean would reward him with. Dean stopped right in front of him, tempting Castiel to take this further, plain thirst clouding his eyes. Noses almost touching, lips hovering over lips, bodies radiating anticipatory heat, they moved, synchronized little movements that had their bodies coiling around each other’s orbits. Finally Castiel leaned in closer, blood pounding in his ears, wanting to taste the blood on his lips again. Dean jerked his head back, just enough that Castiel couldn’t touch him. The air around them buzzed with electricity. Hot breath on his lips, Castiel searched the hunter's eyes and found sheer defiance there. He wanted to do this the hard way. Be the beast and let Castiel be the hunter.
“You can spare me the ‘it’s not you’-speech, I know I fucked up and I get if you don’t want nothing to do with me.”
“I’m not- Look, I’m just trying to get to know your life, but you’re snapping at my fingers every time I even ask you something. I’m not a jerk, okay?”
Their beer runs had always threatened to stretch into late hours, Dean taking him to local pubs for drinks, breaking into a small movie theater to catch that latest movie Dean had wanted to see and just taking the Impala out for a ride. The man had seemed to burst with energy when he was coming up with things to do that he wanted to share with Castiel, touching his shoulder more than usual, brushing occasionally against him when they sat side by side. For Castiel, anything Dean was willing to give him had always been good enough for him, so he had said yes to their adventures, earning him a hearty grin every time.
