“You’re evil,” he whispered when they broke apart.
Within minutes, his lingering exhaustion was gone, replaced by fascination at this world so alien from anything he’d ever experienced before. Captivated, he watched an auction of the one boat’s catch with no clue what the auctioneer was saying, his voice echoing off the concrete floor over the beeping of forklifts and the chatter of buyers and sellers.
“Oh, Steve,” Arnie breathed. “She’s beautiful.”
“I always am,” Stark replied.
The cameras switched silently, following Steve down the stairs, across the communal floor and into the elevator. Tony kept watching just long enough to see Steve hit the button for the lobby. He squeezed his eyes shut again.
Finally, Marci handed his phone back. Tony snatched it with a glare to all four of them.
Tony chuckled. “Someone’s eager.”
“I know the feeling. But if the Merchant of Death can be a hero, I think you can too.”
“Yeah. I got that part. I gotta stop getting blown up,” Tony winced, rubbing the back of his neck. “It’s bad for my health. Ow.” His eyes flew open. “Steve! Where’s-”
“I think it’s an easy option for them,” he replied, his voice tight. “Blame the victim, throw her on a cocktail of meds and forget about her. Just like the Army did. But none of the meds do anything to help her. So then they decided I should have her committed. I had to fight her sister to stop her from putting Jess in an institution. I know her. I’ve known her for years. I am not giving up on her. I know something’s wrong.”
Evie Rose shifted, standing on the top of Tony’s feet. Tony caught her hands; Evie Rose leaned back, using Tony’s weight as a counterbalance. Tony was struck by the memory of doing the exact same thing with Ana when he was Evie Rose’s age.
“People who are bleeding are not fine, Steve.”
“Think about it, bro,” Ivan warned, then he and the tracksuited wonders left them alone once more.
With a flick of his wrist, the door swung open. Steve stepped forward and froze. Because with the exception of the thick layer of dust covering every surface, the room looked as though someone had just walked out of the door only moments ago. It was as though it had been frozen in time, with books lined on the shelves, toys in the boxes and even linens on the bed which was shaped like a pirate ship.
“I was just looking.”
It was well known that the endorphins from sex helped stave off the worst of heat symptoms, which had led to the misconception that omegas needed sex during their heat.
“Tony? Tony? You okay?”
When he opened his eyes again, Stane was gone but the pool water churned violently. Steve scrambled away from the edge, his eyes fixed on the mess of limbs only vaguely visible through the foam and spray.
“Do you know this guy?” Steve asked, holding up the photo. He tapped his finger below Stane’s face.
“So are you. Those girls love you.”
“That’s not fair,” an angry voice objected from behind him.
Which turned into two, then three, then Tony snaked his hand around Steve’s waist again until Steve pulled back.
He stepped under the spray, letting it soak through his clothes until they were sticking to him. He didn’t have any soap, but he scrubbed his hands over his body and his clothes, getting the worst of the dirt and the dried sweat off of his skin. It wasn’t perfect, but it was enough until he could make it home for a proper shower.
for making this happen!
“Never have I ever pretended I don’t speak English to get away from someone,” Daniel declared.
“Yeah,” he moaned. “Been… been wanting you to, to fuck me. Since, since the first, first, first time we… we sexted.”
It wasn’t Steve.
Tony barked out a surprised laugh.
“Yeah, but it’s… complicated,” Tony said, his face settling into a frown. “You have- had Arnie and… I don’t- I don’t want to… mess that up.”
“Tony, he could scratch you.”
And he stared.
“Five more minutes,” Steve said, unwilling to move just yet.
And maybe it was stupid or hopelessly naive, but part of her was glad that Hogan was taking the chance. She hoped it paid off.
Sharon instantly glanced around, as though someone was going to pop out from the vents and discover they were a couple - and okay, yeah, Natasha found Clint in the vents once and he’d never fully explained what he was doing there or how he got into the vents - but it was unlikely. But every time she made any mention of their relationship at work, Sharon’s automatic reaction was to check no one could overhear. After all, someone else knowing they loved each other? Unacceptable.
Steve tried not to fidget as he waited for Rhodey to get home from work, nerves twisting in his stomach. Looking for a distraction, he pulled out his phone and opened up the tab still sitting on the contact page for Dr. Helen Cho. Every few days, he would open the tab and stare at it for a while before chickening out and closing it again.
Steve’s eyebrows shot up when he saw the first result.
“So you two don’t want dinner then?” Peggy called over her shoulder by the stove. “Looks like it’s just us girls then, Angie.”
“What if - and feel free to say no, I’m just throwing this out there - what if you moved in?” Tony suggested, putting into words the idea that had been bouncing around his head since he realised how at home Steve looked in his kitchen and had only grown after more than almost a month of going to bed and waking each morning with Steve by his side.
“We should get cleaned up,” Tony murmured.
“How long to go?” Sharon asked, hurrying to his side. They stared at the progress bar: only four fifths done.
“Well?”
They dissolved into what felt like natural conversation, flowing easily and interspersed with plenty of teasing, and Steve felt himself relax.
He didn’t doubt Tony’s abilities. On the contrary, he believed in Tony more than he’d ever believed in anyone. He just hated watching someone he loved in danger when he could do nothing to protect them.
But no matter how much he stared, he couldn’t quite convince his brain to believe his eyes. Even though he could quite clearly see the lines on the man’s - not a man, a creature? A thing? A being? - neck. Just like he could see the small patches of scales on his torso. Just like he could see the long, slim tail weaving through the dirty water of the pool.
“Okay. He’s with Hope and I’m tracking down the kid’s social worker.”
“I’ll settle for them liking me. Or at least tolerating me,” Steve replied. Something caught his eye and he turned to the screen at the front of the room, where the CEO of Dream Master Inc was droning on about his altruism and selflessness. His perfect white teeth glinted, his dark hair slicked back, and his clothes screamed money. “Angie, I know that guy!”
Because capitalism meant that the hospital was owned by private companies rather than the county these days. And private companies only cared about the bottom line. And the bottom line didn’t like offering expensive but essential tests to people who couldn’t afford insurance. People like Clint’s ex-fiancée who he was kind-of, sort-of, maybe still be a little bit in love with.
“Is it you?” Tony grinned. “Because I’m good with that.”
Steve chuckled.
“Hey, it’s me,” Steve said after the beep. “Where are you? Call me back.”
“Sorry, I forgot the time,” Tony whispered.
Steve whined, caught between pushing back onto Tony’s hip, and thrusting up into his hand.
“Here.” Bobbi waved her hand over the side of her abdomen.
“Maybe they’re expanding,” Bucky replied grimly.
“Hey, uh, Wanda, is it?” Tony asked, glancing at the red-headed nurse sitting at the computer. “Do me a favour and get me the full medical history of my patient, name Wade Wilson? Thanks.”
And Steve with a kid?
Fury’s eye flickered towards MJ. “Who’s that? You and Rogers have a kid?”
Wrapping the towel around his shoulders, Tony fell into a chair; a few seconds later, Steve stumbled across the jet and into the chair beside him. Tony raised his arm, allowing Steve to burrow into his side. They were wet and cold, and his clothes were sticking to him in the worst ways, but Tony’d never felt happier. Steve was here, in one piece, curling into his chest. Tony nosed Steve’s hair, darker than usual from the water, and pressed a kiss into the slick locks.
“Instead, they gave him the company,” Steve retorted. “You didn’t like that, did you? All those years you worked for them, and they chose Tony over you.” He laughed. “Oh, I wish I coulda seen your face when you read the will and found out they left everything to him.”
Because he was determined to keep this from Tony as long as possible. He didn’t doubt Tony’s love for him, but the last thing Steve wanted or needed was to see the expression of pity and disappointment that people usually wore when they found out about Steve’s inability to tell his father
"I'm going to do it," she said to herself. She was going to talk to Sharon about marriage, start the conversation now. Because she loved Sharon and wanted to spend the rest of their lives together.
“As long as he doesn’t eat any of my Balenciagas and Liho doesn’t object, fine,” Tony replied. He turned to Steve. “You’re not allergic to dogs, right? Gonna put a dampener on you moving in if you are.”
As Ari updated him on the latest from Stark Industries and pushed the forms that Pepper needed signed in front of him, Tony tried his best to swallow his growing frustration. But it was difficult. Between Steve and the press, and Clint and his… whatever he was going through, Tony was feeling pretty damn powerless.
“I’m okay. How’s my dad?” she asked, looking up at him with wide brown eyes. Whoever said that brown eyes were boring was lying, Tony decided. He’d never thought his own brown eyes were anything to write home about even though Steve liked to tell him otherwise. But on MJ they were beautiful.
“I’ll forgive her. But only because she’s so cute,” Tony smiled, tearing into the gift from Angie. “Thank you for playing postman.” He leaned in to kiss Steve, flipping Bucky and Clint off when they wolf-whistled. “Hey, quick question. Why do you have your guitar?”
Silently, he swore to do whatever it took to protect Tony.
Tony leaned in, capturing Steve’s lips in a kiss. He kept it light, bearing in mind the fact they were in public - although Josie’s had seen a lot worse, and not only from Matt and Bucky - but with a promise of
“Yeah, I know,” Tony sighed. “I’d still rather stay here with you.”
“That sounds great,” Clint agreed.
Steve jumped. His jaw dropped a little then he broke into a grin.
“Oh, I think it might be. I think having a billionaire in the family could be very beneficial, don’t you?”
He plucked the condom from Steve’s trembling fingers, then sat back, removing his fingers. Steve whined at the loss, the sound sending a thrill through Tony.
“Laura.”
“‘kay. G’night,” she yawned.
Tony nodded. “Makes sense.”
Tony hummed and when Steve looked up, he found Tony wearing an expression that could only be described as the cat that got the cream.
“People continue to be the worst,” he explained.
“Let’s hope so,” Tony replied, throwing Steve a grin over his shoulder.
“This was it,” Tony whispered. “You wanted to warn me. And they murdered you. They murdered you for trying to do the right thing, you idiot.”
Bruce frowned. “But that’s all… Oh.” He stopped, turning to face Steve with a resigned expression. “You’re one of the mermaid guys.”
Standing up, he wiped his face then marched back to the Tower, keeping his head low to avoid anyone recognising him. He ignored the greeting from Pilar at the reception desk, going straight to the Avengers’ private elevator and waving his watch in front of the panel. The doors slid open.
“History homework?” Tony asked.
“Or maybe we’re just that good,” Tony replied. Steve could hear the grin in his voice without looking up. He chuckled, curling into Tony’s body heat as the air began to cool the sweat on his skin. “We should probably clean up,” Tony sighed.
“Thank you,” Steve said as they made their way down the garden.
“You’re welcome, Mrs Borson,” Bruce smiled.
“That is blatant Sunset Bain erasure,” Tony declared.
The moment the car door closed, Tony pulled out his phone and called Steve. Three rings, and then Steve’s voice said, “Hello?” and Tony found himself smiling.
Tony headed down to the garage, where Happy was waiting to drop him off at the Gansevoort Street entrance to the High Line, scanning the crowd for Steve.
“For putting those images in my head, I’m not sharing my coffee with you,” Clint sniffed, foregoing the mug and taking the coffee pot with him as they left the break room.
“I have one question though,” Tony continued. “With an IQ like that, you could be in academia, or-“
“No,” Steve shook his head.
Tony drifted back towards consciousness and he wasn’t happy about it.
He liked her.
“Oh. Wow. That’s beautiful,” Steve breathed.
“Considering this is the second kidnapping we’ve been in some way connected to this year, I don’t think that’s necessarily a bad thing,” Tony mused. “But maybe next time, we could talk before the whole kidnapping thing? Or just blow stuff up until we feel better?”
Turning on his heel, Steve sprinted back downstairs, running along the corridor to the library and racing up the spiral staircase. He paused, mentally recalibrating, before studying the wall in question. Spinning around, he leaned over the bannister, eyeing the entrance to the library on the floor below before turning back to the wall and studying it.
“Tuna,” Bucky shot back.
Tony stared at him, like he couldn’t believe Steve was real. He cupped his cheek, kissed him with a kiss that somehow succeeded in being both hard and gentle all at once, fanning the fire in Steve’s veins higher until he was scrabbling at Tony’s shoulders leaving pink lines where his nails were digging into Tony’s skin.
“Fine”, Tony interrupted. “We both know I’m going to fold like a bad poker hand, so can we just skip this part because I really don’t want to fight with you again.”
“Ridiculous, the lot of you,” she declared.
Steve clenched his fists, grinding his teeth together at the threat against his friend. He felt sick, wondering what Stane would do if he realised how many people were involved; not just Sharon but Rhodey and Bruce too. None of them deserved this. They didn’t choose to be part of this, they were simply dragged into this mess by Steve and his stubborn determination to rush head first into any situation that looked vaguely dangerous with little regard for himself or those around him.
“Yes, sir,” Steve replied. “Gotta go. See you tonight.”
“Bruce, when it comes to your patient, don’t worry about what other doctors think,” Natasha told him.
“You can’t get drunk,” Marci pointed out.
“And these pants, Jesus Christ, are they a size too small or something?” Tony murmured. “They do amazing things for you. And make me want to do very, very bad things to you.”
“Strong start,” Bucky murmured as the US Attorney took her seat again.
Tony turned to face him again. “Fifteen. She was sold to him at thirteen. He has at least two years on me.”
“Let her go,” Daniel said. “You know she’s going to be insufferable unless we let her.”
“Always,” he lied.
They watched Foggy sign as a witness, then he smiled and wished them well, promising again to have the papers filed by the end of the day as he left. Steve closed the door behind him then burst out laughing.
“A specific one or in general?”
He shrugged again. “I just listened to my gut. And to my patient.”
“I’d love to refute that,” Tony replied, picking the sleep from the corner of his eye with his finger, “But...”
“They’re the worst.”
I commissioned
“Do you want to talk about it?” he asked awkwardly. “Today? I’m not prying, I just- I thought you might want to talk about it.”
“If I was single and you were straight, this would be your lucky night,” Steve added.
He continued in his exploration, discovering a room with a fake bookcase with “books” hiding secret shelves, a great room bigger than his whole apartment which was suffering from severe water damage, two kitchens - for some reason - and a dining room.
Steve picked up a cup of water, angling the straw with his finger so Tony could take a sip. The cool water soothed the scratching in his throat and was welcome after the hours spent in the Tracksuit Mafia’s captivity - and they really needed to work on a better name for them.
“You’re Daredevil?” Steve said to Matt. “As in the Devil of Hell’s Kitchen?”
“It’s… delicious,” Tony tried. “Although with your allergies, we probably shouldn’t, now I think about it.”
All eyes were on Steve as he walked to the stand. Steve tried not to fidget, but having all the attention on him like that made his skin crawl. It was like walking into school since coming out as Tony’s boyfriend but a hundred times worse because these people wanted to see him fail or fall apart. They didn’t care.
“It’s not the books,” Matt said. “Is it? The problem’s not the books, the problem is why your mom had to sell them, isn’t it?”
“What a way to go though,” Tony replied.
“Steve, I told you to stop smoking behind the bleachers.” Off Steve’s glare, Tony added, “Sorry, go on.”
“There’s coffee in the kitchen.”
Steve jumped, whirling around to find Obadiah Stane towering over him. Not that Stane was taller than Steve - very few people were taller than Steve - but there was something about him that made Steve feel small again. Maybe it was the arrogant little smile playing about his lips. Maybe it was the tilt of his head, which screamed power and control. Maybe it was the way he stood a little too close to Steve, considering they were strangers and there was a good three feet between them and anyone else in the room.
Tony remained silent. He took a deep breath, his chest rising beneath Steve’s head, before answering, “Sometimes I wonder if I made the right choice. Bringing you into my world. I’m scared something’s going to happen to you.”
“Be careful.”
“Hey,” Tony nodded. “This place is pretty fancy, huh?”
“Uh, MIT were asking about a commencement speech-”
Taking a deep breath, Steve opened the door and entered the lab.
Tony opened his eyes and grinned, crooking a finger. “Come here.”
“Of course.” If JARVIS was surprised by his request, he didn’t make a big deal out of it.
“Steve,” he groaned. “Honey…”
He managed a terse smile for her, but he couldn’t relax, not until he saw Tony was his own two eyes and knew for certain he was okay.
“You ready, honey?”
Tony sniffed, “I can be nice. And watch it, if you want my help.”
“Oh, God. I thought you liked me,” Tony exclaimed. “JARVIS, make note: Steve’s attempting to kill me in cruel and unusual ways.”
Spotting his backpack a few feet away, Steve was hit by a flash of inspiration. Moving as slowly as possible to avoid drawing Stane’s attention, Steve reached out slowly, gritting his teeth, every fibre of his body objecting as he stretched out until his fingers snagged his backpack. He tugged it closer, just enough to reach into the front pocket and wrap his fingers around his phone and pull it free. With another quick glance at Stane to confirm his attention was still on Tony - monologuing, no doubt about how he was going to hurt Tony or Steve or both; Steve tuned him out - Steve sat up slowly, shuffling closer to the edge of the pool. Double checking the sound was on and the volume up full, Steve raised his phone and snapped a picture of Stane.
“Are you busy tomorrow night?” Tony asked.
He leaned his weight against Steve for a moment before stepping back and taking Steve’s hand, winding their fingers together and squeezing his hand before tugging him towards the bedroom.
A disturbance could be anything from a block party to a riot. It said nothing and yet Steve started to worry all the same. Because Tony leaving a suit unattended for two hours? In public? That wasn’t like him.
“It’s not. I’m here. I can pinch you if you like?” Tony teased.
Steve laughed bitterly. “I can do this all day.”
It was just because Tony was here. Steve saw him every day. It was proximity and nothing else. And maybe, if he said it enough, Steve would start to believe it.
“Tony,” he groaned. “Oh, God, I…”
“I’m hiding,” Steve explained.
According to his wiki, 616 Tony hates Lord of the Rings and I decided to steal that. And according to his wiki, 616 Steve's favourite movie is You've Got Mail.
“Yeah, I know about those waiting lists,” Tony sighed. “Okay, thanks for looking.”
“I’m what you might call accident prone,” Wilson grinned. “Flirted with the wrong guy at a bar, you know how it is.”
“No,” Romanoff replied, throwing Steve a wink. “But the little curls of smoke coming out of your ears are.”
“I’ll try,” Steve muttered.
It was the wide baby blues and the blond hair and the
“Steve, our building doesn’t have a pool.”
“You better,” Steve warned shakily. “Come on, Lucky.”
“Yeah.” Tony exhaled slowly. “Wanna keep going?”
“Yeah, but you’re a pushover,” Steve retorted. He bent to kiss Arnie’s cheek. “How are you?”
“Nothing,” Steve replied, but his typing faltered. “Tony and I left before anyone could say something they’d regret, Tony moved onto another department and I got a job at another hospital a few months later. That’s it.”
Before too many dark thoughts could force their way into his head, Steve pushed himself further down onto Tony’s finger, pulling him out of his head.
“Yeah? You wanna?” Steve panted.
“Oh, so that’s the limit?” Tony joked. “You’ll kiss me after having your dick in my mouth, but pizza’s too far?”
“Didn’t move it yet,” Clint replied. “Your suit?”
He smiled.
“I know, probably not my wisest decision,” Tony winced, picking up the in-ear thermometer.
As he approached the foot of the Tower, Steve messaged Tony to let him know he was here. Tony replied instantly with instructions to speak to Pilar at the reception desk. Pilar smiled at him, and called up an elevator which would take him straight to the penthouse. Steve thanked her and stepped inside.
“One, maybe I care about more than just getting laid,” Tony pointed out. “And two, he had his six year old niece with him.”
“We’re in position,” Natasha’s voice came through on the comms.
Tony and Bucky shared a look.
He hesitated for a moment, his fingers sitting on the keys, the cursor blinking expectantly at him. Then he slowly typed
Tony watched Clint stare back at him. Then Clint spat in his chest, leaving bloody residue all over Ivan’s pristine white tracksuit. Tony winced at the force of the slap that earned Clint, but instead of crying out, Clint just started to laugh.
“You’re not getting rid of me that easily,” Steve repeated.
Tony grabbed him and kissed him breathless. “I love you.”
“Bruce Banner,” Steve read.
“Really?”
When he reached the terrace, Tony was waiting in the pool outside, resting his chin on his fist as he leaned against the tiles and stared up at Steve.
“How do you feel?” Steve asked.
“I had him on the ropes,” Steve groaned, wiping the blood from his lips and cleaning his hand on his jeans.
“Where do you think you’re going?” Stane laughed.
Tony turned to Steve and found him already looking in Tony’s direction. They stared at each other awkwardly, both trying to find the word to turn down the offer without making it clear they were on the verge of having sex.
Natasha smirked at him over her shoulder. Tony dragged himself off of the quinjet and followed the rest of the team inside with another yawn. He could feel his bed calling to him.
“Usually, it’s not a big deal,” Steve continued, “But when you’re Iron Man, it becomes a problem.”
“No problem,” Tony assured him, he glanced down at the girl holding on to Steve’s hand. “Hi.”
Tony stared at the message, his finger hovering as he debated sending it.
“Very strong.”
“It still is,” Steve pointed out.
“That’s Superman, and he’s fictional.”
“Fuck you,” he snapped.
Steve snorted and shook his head. “Your diet is horrifying.”
“Okay, I have a conference call in five minutes, so I have to go. Thanks Tony.”
“Alright, here’s what you do: you let that fill up,” he explained, pointing to the bag already filling with blood. “When it’s full, you pump it back into him. Then you put a new bag here and it keeps going, like a bucket brigade at a fire, okay? Okay?”
“Which ones?” Tony asked, deciding to play along with Evie Rose’s game.
“You know,” Natasha said, once the dishes were empty. “If you boys keep your relationship game going strong, we’re going to need a bigger table.”
Standing in front of the section of shelving, Steve couldn’t see anything out of the ordinary suggesting it hid a door, nothing except the shelves that were only half the depth of the rest of the library. So he began running his hands over them, seeking something, anything, that could help him figure out how the hell to open this damn door.
“Really?” he muttered. “One guard? That’s insulting.”
“Shortness of breath, possible fever and dehydration,” Tony reported and Bucky relayed the information to the dispatcher. Tapping his hand against Fury’s cheek, Tony murmured, “Come on, Nick. Don’t make me break that little girl’s heart, you bastard.”
“Yes, Tony?” Pepper’s voice said in his ear.
“Thanks,” Tony smiled.
“Clint-”
“Of course. Mr Stark wanted me to inform you that your luggage arrived this morning. Everything is ready for your departure tonight.”
“Okay. Okay. Right. Okay. I’m putting a pin in the freaking out,” Bruce announced, “Because I don’t think that’s going to stop any time soon. How can I help?”
Hooking his fingers into the waistband of Steve’s pyjama pants, Tony yanked them down, kissing Steve’s knee before patting his calf. “I’ll be right back, honey.”
Tony closed his eyes, regretting the moment he agreed to become Wade Wilson’s sponsor.
“Are you able to walk back to the tower, or should I call Happy?” Tony asked, his voice tight.
“I’m glad,” Tony smiled, sliding his hands up Steve’s back.
“And you’re doing so great now,” Tony smiled humorlessly.
He leaned across, stealing one last kiss from Tony, before turning towards the car door.
“There you are,” Angie’s voice rang out. Steve glowered at her. “Uh oh,” she sing-songed. “That’s a face. Who pissed in your pasta?”
“Are you two fighting again?” Steve asked, coming up on Tony’s other side and leaning on the counter so their arms were pressed together.
“You don’t want to do something that you’ll regret. Something that makes you look foolish. Isn’t that right, Steve?” Alexander smiled.
“You okay?” Steve asked because Tony looked tense and worn. He had the urge to offer Tony to scent him but he didn’t know if that was the done thing anymore.
“It does seem a little, you know, over the top for a guy he literally met tonight,” Scott agreed.
Steve laughed into the kiss, his hand stroking Tony’s jaw softly, and Tony wondered if he wasn’t the only one feeling the atmosphere in the room.
“And you,” Tony replied, shaking Foggy’s hand with an easy smile. How could he look so calm and natural? That laugh tried to work its way free from Steve’s throat again. He buried it with a cough.
“That was amazing,” Tony declared quietly.
Tony grinned.
. Pablo Escobar."
“Wait. Did you say Buick?” Stark interrupted. “Red?”
“Why wouldn’t I?” Steve shot back.
His frown deepened as he continued to read, followed by panic as he made his way through the documents. Documents that belonged to Howard Stark, proving how he’d had Tony registered as his biological son. Everything was in there, from the birth certificate to social security number, giving Stane everything he needed to bring Howard and Tony down.
“Yes!” Steve grinned, hauling the door open and stepping into- “Nothing. There’s nothing here,” he growled, spinning around just in case he’d missed something on the empty white walls.
, he thought.
“Mind if I stick around?”
SPOILERY WARNINGS: Panic attacks from the first line. If you want more information before reading or would prefer to skip it, there's a summary at the end of the chapter.
“Are you doing okay, buddy?”
“Steve, she is perfect,” Tony whispered. “Most perfect thing I’ve ever seen.”
He looked at her desperately but Natasha just smiled and walked away. This was something he had to figure out on his own.
“I love you,” Tony corrected.
“Well, I’ll give you some peace,” Harry blurted out, disappearing from his side before Steve could say anything.
to get over it.”
“My ex stood up to him once,” he admitted. “That's the only time I didn’t give him anything. She was small but very fierce.”
“You hate the Yankees too?” Bucky beamed.
“Yes, you have. And deal.”
“Maybe when you’re older,” Natasha smiled. “So what happened to your arm?”
“Honey, I’m a billionaire,” Tony said, the smile audible in his voice. “It’s very sweet, but not a problem. I know you, and I’ve known people who are after my money. And that’s not you. The day you start showing an interest in my money is the day I know you’ve been taken over by a pod person. So if you want to quit, want to look for a job where they treat you right, then I am behind you one hundred percent. Okay?”
“Jealous? Me? When I’m the only one here who doesn’t have anyone to make out with in public?” Tony deadpanned.
Steve frowned as he moved closer, eyeing the bowl on Tony’s lap.
“Sure,” Tony shrugged. “This would be the same mom who doesn’t believe we’re dating, right?”
“Sure?”
Steve ducked his head in embarrassment. When he glanced up, Tony was smiling at him. Steve smiled back.
Fury just stared at him then turned back to the elevator, shaking his head and muttering, “Vanity, thy name is Stark.”
“You’ve been spending too much time on the internet again.”
Tony and Bucky were simply back up for this operation, just in case something went wrong and Clint and Natasha needed a quick extraction. Tony could be in the air in seconds, and Captain America gave a certain level of gravity to any situation.
“Me neither. Ready to go home?”
“You’re allowed to be mad. But maybe not when we’re trying to sleep, hmm?” Tony raised his head and Steve could see his teasing smile through the darkness.
“Mr Rogers, you were there on the
“You’re a student, right?” he asked.
“Did you tell him that? Or were you too busy yelling?” Daniel asked with surprising insight.
SLIGHTLY SPOILERY WARNINGS: anxiety and references to the events of Wildfire
“Ah, night shift,” Alexander chuckled, pouring himself a mug of coffee. “It brings out the crazy in us all.”
“Good night Dr. Romanoff, Dr. Banner,” Frigga smiled. “Come along, Loki.”
Sharon grinned, unlocking Stane’s office, and then he slipped inside.
“Really?”
“My shirts’s kinda stuck to my arm,” Johnny admitted. “It was bleeding and-”
Tony chuckled. “Yeah, no, you have a point.”
“Do it,” Tony replied instantly.
The red carpet passed in a blur; before he knew it, he was inside, standing in the magnificent entrance hall underneath a modern chandelier, a tangled mass of golden spikes bathing the room in warm light. A blonde woman in a sleek black gown stood between the two entrances to the staircase, directing the guests to the left or the right by some system only known to her.
“No, I’m fine. I promise,” Steve insisted, but he pressed closer, curling his hand around the neck of the suit.
He peeled off his shirt, watching Steve’s eyes drop to the arc reactor and fill with pride.
Tony pouted, folding his arms, but Steve could see him struggling to contain his laughter.
He shared a look with Clint.
“Hey, you’re on Make-a-Match, aren’t you?” Angie asked, after she’d knocked back her double espresso in one gulp.
“Dance with me,” Tony grinned. “Hopefully we won’t get blown up this time.”
No doubt soon after he’d been captured, judging by his tiny features. His tail was hidden from the camera, making him look to all the world like an ordinary little boy, especially thanks to the shirt someone had clearly forced on him. But what drew Steve’s attention most of all was the look of utter confusion on Tony’s face. It wasn’t fear, not yet, just bewilderment. He looked so small and lost that Steve longed to go back in time, scoop him in his arms and get him away from the Starks before they could break his spirit.
Steve sighed, but he shifted to allow Tony up, before settling back against the cushions. His nose was completely blocked up, and breathing through his mouth left his throat dry, and he generally felt miserable. Curling into the cushions, Steve glanced over at Tony in the kitchen, and soon he found himself watching Tony rather than whatever inane movie they’d decided upon.
Frigga leaned forward and patted a stool with a wonky leg, indicating to Bruce that he should sit. He hesitated, just long enough for Frigga to roll her eyes, before sitting down.
“You okay?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“She said she did it,” Clint translated.
“Not a problem, Mr Stark,” Marci replied. “Yes, as I was saying, I have a copy of the contract for each of us to read over. I’ve made the changes we spoke about, gentlemen. And if everyone’s happy then we can sign and get this over and done with.”
She smiled. “Hope is fine.”
“Have you come to a decision?” Natasha asked, shoving her hands into the pockets of her scrub top to avoid fidgeting nervously. She was the doctor. She wasn’t supposed to be nervous.
Steve whipped around and found Director Nick Fury of SHIELD standing at the entrance to the gym.
“Of course I love you,” Natasha replied.
“Fine. Yes.” Bucky turned, leaning his elbow on the counter. “I was going to the casino. I was going gambling. And I would probably still be there gambling if your husband hadn’t called me.”
Steve risked a glance at the woman who’d joined them. So this was Pepper Potts: CEO of Stark Industries and Tony’s ex, the one it took him a whole year to get over.
“Clint, I’m gonna kill you,” Bucky muttered.
“And Natasha continues to be terrifyingly on brand,” Tony declared.
“Hi, I’m Dr Carter. I’m Peter’s doctor. I'll take you to him. Follow me.” Sharon headed towards the room in question. “Peter has a dislocated shoulder. We’re waiting for x-ray to confirm. He also has a mild concussion but we did a CT and there’s no damage. Other than that, he’s fine. Just a little road rash.”
“Calm down, it’s not a race,” Steve laughed. “Impatient.”
“First time in twenty one years,” Bucky recalled with a proud grin, as though he was the one to score the winning run. Then his face fell into a scowl. “Then they lost the World Series to the
“Huh?”
“Top drawer. The dark blue ones. They’re old and soft.”
“What advantage did kidnapping you give anyone?” Hogarth asked.
Natasha nodded, forgetting that Sharon couldn’t see her.
“He’s not going to come through the window in the suit, is he?”
Finally,
“Wait, where are you going?” Tony called.
“I’m fine,” Tony insisted with some of his usual heat behind the words. “Seriously, fuck off, Rogers. Go home. Surely you have some kind of a life outside of here.”
“We should go back inside,” Steve murmured.
Making his way down the beach, Steve kicked off his flip flops, abandoning them on the sand before wading into the shallows, negotiating his way across the rocks to one that stuck up above the waves. Steve sat down, flicking open his sketchpad to the latest picture of Tony and continued shading in his tail.
At the centre of the front page was a photo of him and Tony in the club, their arms around each other. Tony had his head thrown back and Steve’s mouth was on his neck. In the darkness of the club it looked like, well.
Stark nodded and jogged off towards the locker room, and Steve watched him go. Clint scoffed under his breath and handed off the completed paperwork to Wanda. He glanced up as Stark reappeared with his jacket and medical kit.
“That’s good. Isn’t it?” Tony asked.
Steve shook his head, stroking himself with lube, before leaning down and kissing Tony soundly.
(The fact Tony now considered cuddling on public transit a reward probably said a lot about how far gone he was for Steve, he decided.)
Gary flushed. “He’s just… He’s hot and he’s nice.”
Steve clambered to his feet. Between the alcohol and the adrenaline, he wasn’t exactly steady on his feet and all but fell into Tony’s lap. Tony’s strong arm wrapped around his waist and then his other hand wrapped around Steve’s cock.
He was.
“Right,” he announced, drawing the attention of his students. “Good afternoon. Turn to chapter five in the textbook…”
“No,” he replied. “I want to see the verdict, but I don’t want to sit there and see Nefaria smirk at me. Besides, if I’m not there I can believe it’s going well and I don’t have to see anything that might prove otherwise. Do you? Want to watch?”
“Then I want to fuck you until I come inside you,” Tony murmured, his lips brushing Steve’s ear. He nuzzled Steve’s cheek. “I want to be as close to you as possible.”
“Yeah,” Steve admitted sheepishly. “Cats are cute but… Sorry?”
“-not what I, no, mom, listen. Listen.”
“I know, right?” Rhodey agreed.
“She is.”
He loved Steve so much. Even if he couldn't cook for shit.
“Erik, her father, he’s on a training exercise,” Charles stammered. “I, I called him but it, uh, it’ll take him a few hours to get back.” He swallowed. “Her mother is deployed.”
“No,” Steve shook his head. “Maybe. No. I just, I just want to know… where we stand.”
Bucky laughed and swung an arm around Steve’s shoulder. “Come on, punk.”
Tony was floating in the middle of the pool when Steve arrived. His eyes flickered over Tony from head to tail. The sight of him lounging in the water, looking relaxed and gaining weight thanks to his improved diet and Bruce’s prescription of antibiotics, brought a smile to Steve’s face.
Steve paused in buttoning his shirt and tilted his head, giving Hammer a look which said that he thought Hammer was crazy. Which, fair enough, Hammer was weird. But in this case, he was only saying what they all thought.
When she opened her eyes, movement caught her eye in the waiting room. Bruce was hovering behind Frigga Borson, who was trying to feed the vending machine what looked like a fifty. Clint must’ve foisted her off on Bruce, which was… fair enough. If Bruce was going to be a doctor, one of the most valuable lessons he needed to learn was how to diplomatically deal with very rich hypochondriacs and there were none richer or bigger hypochondriacs than the Borsons.
“Hey!”
(Because it
“Um, thanks?” Steve fidgeted, not really sure how to take the compliment.
“Hey!”
“Luchino Nefaria played the part of a charitable businessman for years, lulling both the public and his employees into a false sense of security,” the Attorney continued. “In reality, he was the leader of a criminal organisation called the Maggia, using his money to fund their criminal activities. He also used his position of power to stalk the Avengers and those closest to them. He created Dream Master Inc. and built Castello Malvagio to attack the Avengers, before kidnapping Steve Rogers for his connection to Tony Stark. He attempted to frame the Avengers for the explosion at Castello Malvagio. And later that night, he attempted to murder Steve Rogers and Tony Stark with another bomb onboard his boat, the
Steve laughed. “Damn. I could’ve saved myself a lot of time and effort if I’d thought of that,” he joked. Reaching behind, Steve picked up a small, perfectly wrapped parcel and handed it over. “Merry Christmas, Tony.”
“I’m a rocket scientist.”
“I didn’t see any car!” he exclaimed. He turned to Johnny. “You got hurt? Are you okay?”
Almost instantly, the blue tick appeared next to his message, indicating it as read.
But he didn’t pull away, didn’t slip back into the water and splash Steve with his tail. He lay on the cracked tile, both of them staring up at the night sky in silence, their fingers entwined. Steve couldn’t help but wonder if Tony’s heart was pounding as hard as his own.
“Hey JARVIS, buddy, you there?” Tony asked, skidding into the elevator.
“Alright, alright,” Tony laughed, still walking backwards, until his calves hit the end of the bed. Steve stepped right into his space wrapping his arms around Tony’s neck and leaning in to kiss him. “You are criminally good at that,” Tony murmured.
Tony rolled his eyes.
The rest of the team turned towards him and Steve braced himself.
“Shut up and listen,” Joseph told him, tightening his grip.
“Very much so,” Tony smiled, giving him a quick kiss which quickly morphed into two, then three, then a fourth which lingered much longer than his initial peck on the lips. “Just an idea, but we could, uh, just not go anywhere, stay in and have our own personal party, just the two of us. Hmm?”
“I can’t! Flu, remember?”
“Sure, but if he pukes again, you’re cleaning it up.”
“No, I told them that. You’re an Avenger now, we can’t schedule things that far in advance,” Ari interrupted. “Um, Miss Potts wanted me to ask you to go through your art collection - apparently there’s some kind of charity fundraiser, famous people donating famous pieces of art, lots of big names, lots of big numbers - she wants to donate something but she wanted to check with you first. The deadline is a week Friday, when should I schedule that?”
“Uh, Aunt May? There’s something we should probably tell you first,” Peter began.
Tony was still watching him suspiciously. “Why would you help me?”
“It’s okay, you’re okay,” Tony was saying.
“Nothing.”
Steve snuck a glance up at him to see if he meant that. Arnie caught him looking and rolled his eyes.
“That’s the really good news. This condition is so rare that the university is willing to do the operation for free.”
“You must have hobbies? People do that, right? I don’t know, you could collect stamps or something?”
“I’m sorry,” Natasha said and she meant it. “You need heart surgery.”
“Knee?” Tony asked, noticing instantly, because of course he did.
Steve howled, his head falling back against the bed, leaving Tony drunk on the power he held. It was a heady feeling, the knowledge that Steve was giving him this power, this control over him. Tony could feel his blood pounding in his head.
“Depends?”
“Dr. Romanoff,” he nodded.
“Maybe,” Dr Romanoff shrugged. “Maybe not. As much as we wish we were, doctors are miracle workers, Bruce. There’s only so much we can do. One of the hardest lessons to learn as a doctor is, sometimes, there’s nothing we can do. I have a patient waiting but if you need anything, just page me.”
“Yeah,” Tony grimaced. “If it helps, things are still awkward between me and her too. Want me to make it up to you?”
“Last chance to back out,” Tony said, unlocking his own phone.
“Don’t call him that!” Steve snapped and instantly regretted it, because Stane’s eyes lit up. He’d just told Stane exactly which button to push if he wanted to get at Steve.
He made his way across the edge of the parking lot, joining Steve on the bench, the cold of the metal leaching through his jeans. He reached out, rubbing Steve’s back, and pressed his lips to his shoulder.
“Then why do none of the meds work?” Bruce pushed.
(The feeling was mutual.)
“My team thinks there’s something I should tell you,” Steve began.
“Hey!” Clint called, clapping his hands. “Can we get back to the point here? Namely can I keep the dog? Please?”
Five minutes later, he’d found a plastic stool, setting it up in the shower cubicle before helping Steve into the bathroom.
“That’s a coincidence,” Tony remarked. “Pierce getting an urgent call from Stephen Strange, who you worked with for three years, also at Metro General.”
The asshole blocked his punch while delivering a swift blow to the diaphragm. Steve gasped as he fell, barely managing to break his fall before his face hit the ground. He saw the asshole’s foot rise and braced himself for the kick, but then the asshole was gone with a high-pitched squeak.
“You try to be nice to some people,” Tony sighed, swimming over to the edge of the pool.
The rest of the team was already gathered at the dining table in the communal kitchen when Tony emerged from the elevator, box in hand.
“I thought you said you fell,” Rhodey said, raising his eyebrows.
“Of course, darling.”
“Yeah, honey?”
“Thank you.”
So he held out his wrist towards Tony.
“Hey! Technically all you did was set up the profile!”
“Deal,” Steve nodded.
Tony exhaled loudly. “Not particularly but ignoring it doesn’t seem to be working,” he admitted wetly.
Ellie fell asleep in her car seat on the journey out of the city, her tiny snores filling the silence and bringing a smile to Steve’s face.
Tony nodded, throwing him a smile, and Steve wondered if he was the only one struggling to speak.
“Yeah, I know,” he nodded. What was he supposed to say: I found a merman living in the pool of the Stark Mansion and now I’m trying to clean out ten years of shit from the water so he doesn’t die before I can figure out how the hell I’m going to get him out of there?
“Tony…” Steve keened. “Want you…”
“Tell me how you met Peggy,” he decided. “I know you met Daniel when you got arrested, and Angie through Peggy, but I don’t know how you met Peggy. I just. I need to not think right now.”
"Thank you," Foggy smiled, sitting back. He took a sip before announcing, “Everything looks in order here. If you two want to sign, I can witness it and then get these filed, and the company will be yours. Mr Stark?” Foggy held out a pen.
“You sent me flowers.”
When he swapped contracts with Tony, Steve leaned close and whispered, “Are you two trying to make me laugh?”
“Come on,” Steve smiled, getting to his feet. “We better go back.”
“Because Tony’s my boyfriend.”
“Don’t think that’s possible,” he replied before he could think better of it. “It was good to see you.”
“What if we got a generator?” Tony suggested.
“That’s because I’m six two, and you’re in a hole in the ground,” Steve teased.
Angie bounced onto her toes, pressing a kiss to his cheek
“Wrapped around her little finger,” Arnie chuckled.
“You okay?” Steve asked.
“This is why I always tell people relationships with big age differences don’t work,” Steve sighed.
“Sorry for getting you caught up in this,” Clint added.
“Her sire,” Steve nodded. “I want her to have a life outside of this Tower but once the press catch wind, they’re going to start digging. He deserves to know from me not from some reporter or a news article.”
“We should go, right?” Scott suggested.
“Okay,” Tony nodded.
He turned down the covers while he waited for Steve and took the lube out of the drawer, before toeing off his boots and kicking them into the wardrobe. He was plugging in his phone when the bedroom door opened and Steve returned, a minty-fresh aroma of toothpaste following him.
Tony smirked at him knowingly, but returned his hand to Steve’s ass. And if Steve shot Mrs Baker a cocky smirk the next time he saw her, well, that was just between them.
“Can I get you anything?” he asked the lawyer. “Coffee? Tea? Water?” His eyes flickered traitorously towards Tony when he said water and he found Tony watching him with barely contained amusement. Steve realised he would have to stop looking at Tony or there was no way he was going to make it through this without laughing until he cried.
“Where?” Steve demanded. “Tony, we’re in the middle of the ocean; where exactly is safe? Besides, I can look after myself, and-”
Tony shot upwards, getting a few good licks in on a couple of Dreadnoughts.
His room was stifling and Steve knew it was going to be one of those horribly humid and sticky days which he hated. Pulling on his board shorts and his thinnest t-shirt, Steve glared at his boots. They were
“Wait, you’re moving in?” Bruce asked, pointing at Steve.
“Oh, it’s all ready, it just needs to be sent.”
“Yes. It is,” Sharon replied and Steve had no idea how her voice managed to remain so calm. She handed over the paper, and there was still no sign of the USB. Steve had to trust that she had it.
Tony turned and found a group of tracksuited thugs crossing the warehouse. Most of them wore the same maroon and yellow monstrosity as the ones from the apartment, but the one in the middle wore an all white ensemble that frankly made his eyes burn.
Then he threw the first punch.
Then he turned to the next cage and promptly forgot all about the white cat, because
Tony frowned at the mess surrounding the couch. “Have you been here all day?”
Steve tipped his head back, taking in his surroundings as he followed Rhodey and Sharon into Stark Industries for the first time. The sun shone brightly through the glass walls, glinting off of the brushed metal surfaces, and it should’ve been sweltering but the air conditioning kept the building a pleasant temperature despite the sun and the press of bodies milling about the atrium.
Tony let out a wet laugh. “That might take a while.”
“Natasha found a locum for the next two weeks until the replacement gets here.”
“Sir, the Avengers have been cleared of all suspicion in the bombing,” JARVIS announced.
“You okay?” Rhodey asked as they walked back from the Mexican restaurant.
“What even is your life?” Angie wondered.
“We have a problem with you flirting with Stark behind your husband’s back,” he explained. “It’s not fair, Steve. The guy deserves to know.”
Once the doors closed behind Fury, Steve turned back to the bag. He took a deep breath, wiping his forehead with the back of his wrist before shaking the worst of the tension from his body.
When he came back to himself, he gulped for air, dragging the oxygen into his starving lungs. Blinking, Steve found Tony kneeling between his legs, watching Steve with a smile that was somehow hungry and proud all at once. Incapable of words, Steve crooked a finger, beckoning Tony closer.
“I missed this,” he admitted. “I haven’t been out for a while.”
“Huh.”
“Yeah.”
But after New York, Steve knew he had a good heart too.
“I understand,” Edwards said slowly. “I’m sorry it came to this, Mr Rogers.”
?” he grinned, pointing towards the phone in Lorna’s hand. “My husband loves that movie.”
“Steve,” he whispered.
“I love you,” Tony murmured, kissing Steve’s chin. “So very,“ - a kiss to the corner of his mouth - “very much.” He kissed Steve, licking his way into his mouth until Steve groaned and leaned into him.
Tony threw Steve a smile. “Ice cream it is then.”
“Hi,” Tony smiled.
Tony smiled.
“Yeah, that’s fair.”
“I can’t believe he was on that kid’s motorcycle,” May Parker muttered. “Jesus. I’ve told Peter I don’t like him hanging around with that Storm kid. I told him he was dangerous. And look what happened.”
“Good advice.”
“Uh, no. Lived it, didn’t feel the need to revisit it,” Tony replied. “Why?”
“Yeah, none of us need to see that again,” Tony agreed.
Hannah started wriggling in his arms, reaching towards the ground. Tony crouched down, setting her on her feet and watching as she waddled off towards a box of toys which she began rummaging through.
“Can I help you? Maybe, uh, breathe, kid. You look like you’re about to pass out.”
“Why are we awake an hour before the alarm?” Tony asked
Tony stretched across the bed, leaning behind Steve to reach the other drawer, letting out a small, “Ah ha!” of triumph when he came back with the plastic bottle. “I’m assuming you want me to fuck you,” he added, sitting back against the headboard.
“There’s no maybe about it,” he insisted. “We were dancing. It’s a club. I hadn’t even had a drink at that point.”
“Sure,” Tony replied, letting himself into the bathroom.
“Alright. You were in a motorcycle accident? Is that right?”
“I love you too.”
His head started to hurt from his grip on his hair, so Steve dropped his hands to his waist and let his head hang.
Steve watched her exit the jet in surprise. He didn’t know her well - yet - but he was pretty sure she didn’t say things like that to just anyone.
“However, I found a staircase leading below the building which seems undamaged,” Thor continued. “It was hidden. I believe it was intended to be used as an escape route.”
He did, as it turned out, and Steve was soon loaded up with cod, pink salmon, and pollock, thanking the seller as he continued on his way.
Steve glanced up to find Tony staring at the drawing with a funny expression on his face, and he wondered if he hated it. It had been a long time since he’d picked up a pencil with the intention of drawing, so it wasn’t exactly up to his old standards, but Steve didn’t hate it so far.
Tony blinked in surprise. He didn't know what to say to that. “Is it a good tattoo?”
“Go on,” Tony called after him. “Use up some that back pay, Barnes. I know you can afford it.”
Tony raised his eyebrows. Fighting with Thor’s overdramatic ex was enough to make anyone grumpy, but even so. Clint’s attitude was unexpected.
“Pick on someone your own size,” a familiar Brooklyn drawl declared, followed by the sound of a punch.
Then he opened the door and stepped out of the apartment before he could change his mind.
“I didn’t say I didn’t like it,” Steve interrupted.
“That’s right,” he frowned.
“Mr Rogers! Mr Rogers, how do you think the jury will find Luchino Nefaria?”
Thanks again to everyone who made it this far! You are all amazing!
Steve. It was only Steve.
“It's cool,” Lorna insisted, although from his expression, Charles felt differently. “Charles, can I watch a movie on your phone?”
Once dressed, he grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge, hesitated over his bag of Red Vines before taking a bag of trail mix instead - Rhodey’s warning of scurvy ringing in his ears - and stuffed them into his backpack. Steve picked up his keys and felt his hesitation return as he reached the door. It would be so easy to turn around, sit back down on the couch and turn the TV back on. Going outside, driving up to Hollywood Hills, that took time and effort and Steve wasn’t sure it was worth it. The Mermaid House would still be there tomorrow.
“Is now a good time to mention I never officially had a license until last year?” Bucky grinned.
“Yes please,” Steve pouted.
“You did,” Steve smiled. “Thank you. Can I, uh, can I see you soon?”
“Gross,” Bucky declared, sliding into the booth.
“Houston is in the other direction.”
Steve chuckled against his collarbone.
He nipped at the spot under Steve’s chin, smiling against his skin when Steve’s hips jerked and his grip on Tony’s shoulder tightened, his fingers digging into the muscle.
“Will you read with me?” she asked, jumping off of Tony’s feet.
“Now, I’m sure you’re all disappointed that the Avengers couldn’t be here today. But I think we can all agree that these kids are the real heroes,” Steve said, in a tone that implied they damn well better think of them as heroes. “You’re probably tired of hearing me talk, so go, talk to these kids. And find out more about how you can help Stark Industries change their lives. Thank you for your time.”
When Tony was done, Bucky took one look at them both and told them to go back to the apartment.
“That’s just because you want ice-cream,” Zoey sniffed, climbing into the chair on Tony’s other side.
“As I was saying,” Clint barrelled on. “I took him to a vet and then I took him home and I was hoping I could keep him?” He glanced pleadingly between Steve and Tony. “Please, dads?”
“Maybe? I don’t know. I failed English. I was too busy staring at Mr Summers’ ass to listen.”
They made their way up to the house in an awkward silence. What did you say to someone you slept with once then turned up a year later to ask for his help?
“What happened?”
“Fine,” she ground out.
Steve shifted closer, leaning their temples together.
“Did I?” Stane said softly and Steve’s skin prickled.
He turned the business card over in his hand before slipping it into his pocket. He made his way back up to the house with Bruce’s words ringing in his ears.
“That’s the plan, honey,” Tony smirked, looking far too pleased with himself.
“What did you just say?” he breathed.
Steve glowered at him. “None of your business.”
Bucky.
“Yeah, I did,” Steve replied honestly.
Clint shrugged. “Because he likes it.”
Tony pocketed his wallet and his phone, checking there were no new messages from Steve first, before chivvying Bucky towards the door.
“Foggy’s right,” Marci decided. “I mean, how long’s it been since you and Pepper broke up?”
“You’re going to regret this,” Alexander said conversationally, as though they were talking about the weather.
“Let’s go to the VA,” he told her. “We can start there.”
“Fuck, that is hot,” Tony declared.
“Hey. You look beautiful,” Tony murmured, kissing her cheek. Just her presence was a relief.
“Fine,” Stark acquiesced. “I will try. For you. Okay?”
“Yeah. I’m okay with that,” Steve replied. “Hannah, you gonna say hi?”
“Sorry,” Sharon shook her head then reached over to take Natasha’s hand. Scott blinked. “I have to take my girlfriend for pancakes,” Sharon continued, grinning at Natasha.
“Yes!” Bucky exclaimed, jumping to his feet, as a ripple went through the audience.
“Thank you,” Steve whispered, and the room felt charged. This was more than sex, more than messing around together, and holy shit, Tony should not be falling this fast for anyone, but damn it if he wasn’t falling for Steve. Especially when Steve raised his hand, letting his fingers drift around the edge of the reactor, while looking up at him with reverence Tony wasn’t sure he deserved.
It took everything he had not to run out of medical, to keep his pace steady as he jogged down the stairs then crossed the communal floor, slamming his hand against the elevator button and cursing JARVIS for not bringing the elevator up for him.
“The Dreadnoughts attacked DC about thirty minutes ago,” Coulson explained, his eyes fixed on the screens showing shaky cell phone footage of the robots shooting at civilians.
, Steve typed.
There were the usual articles about the Stark family and the architectural publications gushing about the design, then the Tumblr and reddit posts from explorers. Steve scrolled through them, finding lots of posts about how the house was supposedly haunted, but nothing about the creature in the pool with a penchant for knives.
why he was here,” Tony realised. On Steve’s questioning look, he added, “Matt’s apartment is two blocks away.”
“No,” Clint shook his head. “I’m just buying it.”
It was going to be a long night.
“Yeah.”
Finishing his sketch of Tony, Steve flicked to a new page, but the blank white expanse was strangely intimidating as always. He stared at the coastline, drinking in the cliffs and crags and the waves breaking against the rocks and an idea began to form. Bending over the page, Steve let his pencil sketch out an outline. Slowly the design and the idea took shape, and Steve found himself smiling at the idea.
The guard sighed. But he pocketed his phone and crossed the cabin, his hand outstretched.
“Are you going to use it? And I’m not asking as… I just want to know what I should tell PR.”
Then his eyes widened in realisation, and his head snapped down, glancing at his leg where the scar from Tony’s knife was visible through the rip in his jeans.
Steve’s toes curled, his skin prickling with Tony’s words. He loved this, loved the way Tony talked during sex. It bordered on reverential, which was difficult to deal with in the beginning, and always aimed to make Steve feel good, to feel like he was something special, to be treasured. It meant so much to Steve. Just one of the many, many reasons why being with Tony felt a million miles away from his last relationship.
“Yeah. It is. I do. If we want this to work. And I really want this to work,” Steve confessed.
Shame burned in Steve’s veins. He was just thankful that Tony was busy with his board meeting and therefore wasn’t around to witness Steve’s humiliation.
“I might’ve, uh, called in a favour from Strange’s assistant,” Steve grinned.
, Steve pointed out.
Evie Rose was eyeing him critically. Tony raised an eyebrow at her.
Stark turned and grinned at him. Scott also turned to look at Steve because what was with that tone? And now that he was looking at him, what was with that grin? And was that, were they
“Me too,” Tony agreed. “Truth is, I’m not half as good at anything as I am when I’m doing it next to you.”
“We’re going to commit corporate espionage.”
Tony couldn’t argue with that. Not when he felt the same way about looking out for Steve.
“I don’t mean boring as in
“Hey,” Steve smiled as Tony wandered into the den. He closed his book, putting it aside, and Tony fell onto the couch next to him, leaning in for a kiss that Steve happily provided. “Did you have fun playing with the other kids and their toys?”
Matt smirked. “Is that a challenge?”
“Still warm,” Steve insisted.
“Or, alternative plan: we order takeout and eat it in bed because we are grown-ass men and there’s nobody to tell us otherwise,” Steve suggested. “No clothes required.”
Tony didn’t reply. Instead he pointed at the sky.
Eventually, near the bottom of the page, he managed to find one. Howard sat with his arm around a fifteen year old Tony’s shoulders and Tony was glaring at the camera with a very familiar pair of eyes, which even then held a cocktail of hatred and fear. Importing the image into Gimp, Steve drew on a rough copy of his attacker’s facial hair then sat back and stared.
“You okay?” Tony called.
He was halfway through his third episode of
“You gonna be okay?” Tony asked sleepily.
“Then tell the supervillain community that they’ll also have to deal with me if they ruin this. I’ve been working on these investors for months, Tony. And I will continue to work on them until December. So mark the calendar and be there.”
Then he turned to go back inside, and found Tony perched on the edge of the pool, tossing individual prawns into the air and catching them in his mouth. He watched Steve with a calculating expression.
“Are you trying to make me lose my mind?” Steve gulped.
“Never say something can’t be done to an engineer,” Tony told him, pointing at Steve.
Fury turned.
“Please,” Steve begged. “Just help me get proof. Help me find a way to get proof, and I’ll get it myself.”
“Tony, please.”
“How do you know my pass code?” Tony wondered.
playlist. Hannah plucked the phone from his hand, gazing at the brightly dressed presenters with wide-eyed fascination as if she hadn’t watched it a hundred times before, enough that the majority of the recommendations on Steve’s YouTube were toddler-related videos.
When he finished playing, Steve closed his eyes for a moment before looking up at Tony. Tony was staring at him, his expression completely raw - there was no other word for it. “Wow,” Tony murmured. “That, uh, yeah. That was, uh, really… Yeah.”
Bruce looked at him sharply. “Tony? As in Tony Stark?”
“Do you?” he grinned.
“I’m a lawyer,” Marci pointed out.
“And you?” Bucky turned to Steve.
He put the books on top of the dresser, before stripping off his clothes and climbing into bed. He knew he should go clean his teeth, but that would mean crossing the living room, which would mean facing Angie again, which would mean more questions and Steve didn’t want to answer questions.
He should stop. This wasn’t going to help him suddenly become okay with watching Tony in danger. If anything, this was making it worse.
“Romanoff,” he called. “I got you something.”
Steve grinned, watching the lines of Tony’s face crease as he laughed, loving the way his eyes lit up like he was still the carefree med student Steve first fell in love with. Dropping his head, he placed a tiny kiss against Tony’s collarbone. “So. What happened?”
“Nah, it’s fine,” Tony assured her. “I’m already here. Besides, if I leave I’m just going to worry about him, so I’d rather stay where I can check up on him myself.”
Far be it from him to deny Steve what he wanted; Tony pressed a finger into Steve, giving him a moment to adjust before adding a second. Steve whined, his back bowing as he attempted to push himself back onto Tony’s finger’s.
His and Arnie’s scents.
“Maybe you should ask Tony to take you,” Angie smirked. “He can hold your hand, take care of you, protect you from the big, bad dentist.”
, Steve replied.
“Yikes.” Angie shuddered, holding the front door open for him. “Your boy’s here.”
“Are you still seeing him? The guy? The one after…”
“Yeah. She’s called Hannah and she’s your eighteen month old niece,” Tony revealed, breaking into a grin. “Steve. I came all the way to Brooklyn to help you babysit,” he pointed out. “Knowing full well there was no chance of sex with you with three kids in the apartment. No, there’s no one else. Just you.”
“Why?”
“June,” Tony recalled. “After we went to Norway to send Thor’s ex back to Asgard.”
“He was being an asshole,” Steve scowled. He inspected the gravel rash on his hand, picking at it with his nail until Tony slapped his hand away. Steve glared at him, then huffed, “There was something on the TV about soldiers coming home from Iraq or Afghanistan. And that dick started yelling about putting on the game. People were uncomfortable, and there was this woman who was visibly upset. Nobody was doing anything. So I told him to shut up.”
“But then I talked to Phil,” Steve continued, “And I realised something. I can deal with that fear if I have a guarantee that you’re going to come back to me.”
Scooting forward, he stuck his toe in the pool and flicked water towards Tony. It was a half-hearted effort at best, but Tony laughed anyway. He was still a dick, Steve decided, but Tony had a nice laugh.
“Fair enough,” Steve nodded. “I’ll be back in a minute,” he told Tony, leading Bruce towards the door.
Pepper leaned back against the wall, her expression becoming wistful. “We wasted so much time on other people and stupid excuses and now we’re out of time. And all those excuses, they don’t matter anymore. I just want to marry the love of my life.”
“I like you,” Steve grinned, while mentally trying to figure out if he could adopt someone who was only a few years younger than him.
“Hey!” Angie chirped as she entered the apartment, Peggy on her heels.
Ellie looked up at him with an expression that clearly said that she did not know Tony.
“Okay. Uh. Thank you.”
“You sure?” Steve asked, slipping an arm around Tony’s waist and kissing the top of his head when Tony all but sagged against him.
Tony nodded. He swallowed around the lump in his throat.
“Yeah, I know,” Tony sighed. “If I could build you one I would, honey, in a heartbeat.”
“I’m going to tackle the pump,” Steve decided. “We’ve pretty much finished getting all the crap out of the water that we can - although I am going to look at that water vacuum thing again - and we’ve removed all the gunk from the walls, so I think it’s time to see if we can get this thing fired up.”
He got to his feet and followed the official back into the courtroom.
He tried to throw a hook punch, but he’d always been bad for broadcasting his moves before he made them.
, so Steve ordered a beer, grabbed a booth and settled in to wait for them.
Steve jumped in surprise, which elicited a burst of laughter from Ellie. But Steve was too busy gaping up at Arnie, who smirked at him with a twinkle in his eyes.
“Yes. But when we were dating, I was a mess. I was addicted to painkillers to the point where I almost lost my job. I was in rehab for almost six months and Steve came to visit me every day. He was still working, and dealing with my dad telling him that he could do better than me. But he…” Stark’s mouth twisted into a disbelieving smile. “He never gave up on me. Still wasn’t sure he’d say yes, but he did. But yeah, I waited that long because I had to. If we were married when my shit went down, Steve might’ve felt like he
“Okay,” Tony agreed. “You’ve got a deal, Rogers.”
“Of course I do,” Nefaria smiled. “You want to make a difference. That’s what you’ve always wanted, isn’t it? The chance to help people, make things better. Get rid of all those fools in power who make decisions which only help themselves. If you were part of my organisation, you would have access to money and resources to improve things for ordinary people.”
Tony tilted his head down, eyeing Joseph over the top of his sunglasses.
Steve gaped at him.
,” Scott blurted out before looking like he would very much appreciate the floor swallowing him whole right now. A sentiment Clint could whole-heartedly agree with.
“Thank you, gentlemen,” Marci smiled. “Mr Stark?”
“No problem,” she replied, pursing her lips. “And… done.”
“Make your mind up then: do you want treatment from us or not?”
“Yes, sir,” Tony smiled.
“You,” he whispered. “You are really something special, Steve.”
“No? What about your boyfriend who loves to cuddle?” Tony asked, his mouth twitching as he valiantly tried to hold back a smile. Steve appreciated the effort if nothing else.
“Hammer,” Steve confirmed.
“Yeah, I’ve been there,” Dr. Stark nodded. “Well. Sort of. My dad didn’t approve of me being gay, and he definitely did not approve of the guy I was dating.”
“Fine. I’ll meet you in the lobby in five minute,” he replied. “Go straight there, Stark, do not try to worm your way into the research department again. I mean it. They’ve all been warned against letting you anywhere near it unless you have permission.”
Steve chuckled, snuggling back into the cushions. “Are you okay to be here? I don’t wanna get you sick.”
“Well, he is. He’s not here.”
“I will,” Steve called. He sagged in relief when the door closed behind them. “Shoulda left this in the car,” he muttered.
“Can we change the subject from my love life?” Tony asked. “Please?”
“It’s not,” Tony sighed. “We’ve hit a wall.”
Still no reaction.
want to know. “And, uh, I’m led to believe they prefer the term mer.”
He had his daughter and he had one of his best friends back. He had his team and they were more than just a team. He had a place in the future and that was everything.
“I believe someone’s told me that before.”
But it was a start.
wasn’t in San Antonio. Home was a long way away and it was destroyed when his dad decided his two kids weren’t worth carrying on for and didn’t care that his teenage son would be left alone once he went to jail.
“Ladies and gentlemen, this is an announcement from Tony Stark. As you can see, I am deleting my Make-a-Match app right… now. Because I am off the market. Probably for good.”
“And Tony?” Bucky continued. “I know Tony’s gonna want to be right by your side, no matter what. Same as you’d be by his side if Howard Stark suddenly came back to life or travelled through time to cause shit for Tony. He loves you.”
Finally, a huge, huge,
“What are you doing?” Tony asked, hopping out of the pool and perching on the edge next to Steve. Water dripped from his shoulder onto Steve’s arm, and his tail came within a hair’s breadth of Steve’s feet as it swept back and forth through the water.
Then slowly, so slowly, still holding Steve’s gaze, Tony raised Steve’s wrist to his nose and scented him.
“I… We lost contact,” Steve shook his head. “I tried to find her. She disappeared. I don’t know where she is.”
Then the faceplate snapped back into place and Tony took off in a streak of red and gold, chasing the Quinjet. Steve folded his arms on the railing, watching until the suit and jet became two dots on the horizon. He rolled the stem of the sunflower between his fingers, dropping his head to smell the flower. Steve stood there, staring out over the city with a smile, until the sun began to set and the sky was streaked with orange and red.
“Only when you’re ready,” Tony told him. “You are my number one priority right now.”
“You believe that?”
“I don’t know.”
Tony dumped the sheet and the blanket on the couch, all but tossing the bag of trash aside. Steve caught Tony’s hand, tugging him towards his bedroom.
“Oh, I’m sorry, who was the one being a fucking tease all night?” Steve smirked.
Steve, being an evil genius who clearly had superpowers, which he intended to use for pure evil, simply sent back another picture of himself, biting his thumb with an utterly unrepentant grin on his face.
“Gary, hang up. I need a favour.”
“Sorry. I tell him everything,” Tony shrugged.
“Now or never,” he murmured, kissing her forehead.
That thought shouldn’t hurt as much as it did.
“Heads up.”
“Then I guess I gotta prove to you that you can,” Steve declared. Climbing to his feet, he crossed to the edge of the pool. Instantly, Tony shot backwards. Steve tried not to take it personally. He knelt by the edge of the water, grimacing as the movement tugged on his knife wound, and held out his hand. “I’m Steve. Steve Rogers.”
“Yes. And I’m aware I’m being a filthy hypocrite,” Steve huffed. Tony giggled. “I’m trying, okay?”
“Nothing,” Tony said too quickly.
“And if Clint’s paperwork’s on time, you know it’s bad,” Steve joked.
He took a gulp of air, then disappeared underwater. Fear clutched Tony’s heart, unable to tell if Steve was touching the suit without the pressure sensors.
“So you do like it?”
“Yeah,” Lorna exclaimed.
Steve clenched his fists and chanted
“Yeah, thanks,” Steve replied and he quickly transferred Ellie to Tony’s lap.
Steve opened his mouth to object, before remembering that this was his third meal in under twenty four hours which consisted only of pizza, and abruptly shut it again. Tony… maybe had a point.
He should’ve known. He should’ve known it was too much for Steve. Steve was good, just like Pepper. And just like Pepper, he was bound to realise that Tony would not and could not give up Iron Man. He was bound to realise that Tony didn’t want to give up the suit for anything, not even for the people he loved.
“I shoulda stayed on the couch,” Steve shook his head. “I don’t know who you are or, or what you are, and I don’t care. You’re never going to see me again.”
“Steve?”
“Bossy,” Tony chuckled, kissing the flush that was spreading across Steve’s back.
“I’m fine, thank you,” Foggy replied. “So what can I help you with? You said something on the phone about transferring ownership of your company? I gotta admit, I’m a little confused why I’m here and not one of the Stark Industries lawyers?”
Steve shook his head. “Just shut up, okay?”
They lapsed into silence once more and for the first time since he woke up in the future, Steve thought that he might actually have a place in it.
“I’m never going to get used to this,” Tony declared. “You, your mouth, Jesus, fuck, that’s so good.”
“Hey! I mean, you’re not wrong, but hey!”
“No, I think it’s just you.” Tony scrubbed his hands through his hair. “Okay, so: he wants help. But he also doesn’t want help. How do I help him then?”
“Don’t you
“Not what I expected,” Steve admitted.
“Ah, Dr. Romanoff!” Frigga cried, catching Natasha by the elbow as she passed. “This young man has a bright future ahead of him,” Frigga declared, waving towards Bruce. He felt himself flush.
“Got it.” Steve grabbed five boxes and handed them to Scott. “There.”
In fact, this was one of those weeks.
As soon as he replied to Tony, confirming their meeting - not a date, Tony didn’t say it was a date, so until he had confirmation otherwise it was a not-date - Steve scrambled to find Daniel’s number, hitting call.
“Because we love you and care about your health?” Scott replied.
“I thought I was going to have a family here,” Steve admitted.
“Oh yeah, that’s not good,” he muttered.
“How much?”
“Yeah,” Steve agreed, his mouth curling into a smile.
“Uh, no. I’m going to be late tomorrow,” Steve explained, “So I thought I’d bring extra tonight.”
“What else am I going to do? We’ve already established I don’t have friends.”
(The Battle of New York absolutely Did Not count.)
As soon as the doors slid open, Steve hurried ahead. Tony watched him go with an ache in his heart. He wanted nothing more than to wrap Steve up in his arms and promise that nothing would ever hurt him again, but Tony knew he couldn’t do that. There were some promises he knew better than to make.
“So Stark took drugs,” Clint murmured as they watched Carol chase after Natasha.
Tony nodded, thinking of the library in his parents’ house when he was a child. He’d never really spent much time reading the books within it, and after they died, Stane was the one who’d cleared the house, under Tony’s instructions. No doubt it was filled with first editions, yet Tony’d never given them a second thought, while Steve’s mother had painstakingly parted with four first editions in order to support her family.
Despite his assurances that he wouldn’t cut off a finger, Steve caught the knife just in time a few times. It wasn’t his fault; he found himself captivated watching Tony work. It wasn’t the first time he’d seen Tony cook, but it was the first time they’d cooked dinner together in their kitchen instead of Tony’s kitchen.
“No, but I have a feeling that’s not going to work. He’s being very defensive.”
Steve didn’t know what to say. He didn’t really want to get into the ins and outs of their break-up in front of a drunk kid, but he wasn’t willing to just let this go either.
It was weird, Scott decided, kinda like watching your dad and your teacher hugging. Not that that had ever happened to him, per se - at least, God, he hoped not. He shuddered. It was the idea or the principle or something.
“Marco Scarlotti?”
“Fuck,” he breathed.
“In the scales,” Tony replied frostily.
“Hmm?”
“So, um, I think it might be safe to say that I like you,” Tony cleared his throat. “And I’m hoping you feel the same way?”
The food was delicious, and once he relaxed, Steve found the Avengers easy to talk to. As the night wore on, he settled in. At one point he caught Tony watching him with a proud smile. Feeling brave, Steve lifted their hands - which were once again entwined - and pressed a kiss to Tony’s knuckles, turning his smile into a beaming grin.
“You don’t sound great.”
“Or something,” he muttered.
“I have to believe that he won’t,” Steve nodded. “But I also have to prepare for the fact that he might.”
“Are you… Are you stronger than a donkey?”
“Deal,” Gary nodded, offering Clint his hand.
“Iggles,” Hannah replied, as though it explained everything.
“I’m sorry, who said last week that he was planning on living until at least Ellie’s bat mitzvah?” Steve teased, nudging Arnie’s leg with his shoulder.
Still laughing, Steve leaned in and kissed him again, groaning against Tony’s mouth when he brushed his prostate. “Harder,” he cried out, his back arching.
She still wore the same perfume.
“What happens now?” Bobbi asked. "Do I need surgery or something to get rid of it?"
Tony slipped out of the room as MJ began regaling Fury with the story of how they found him. He hesitated in the hallway, glancing back at the tough Army sergeant who used to ride his ass about not following regulations who was gazing up at his daughter like he couldn’t believe she was real.
There was a dusty old Nissan, covered in leaves and mulch, which clearly hadn’t moved in a long time. Steve wondered absently if it still worked. Probably not; after ten years, the battery had to be dead.
Steve’s stomach grumbled loudly, but he walked away without picking anything to eat. He just didn’t have the energy for that.
“Good work deserves rewards,” Evie Rose informed him, perfectly serious. “Like more ice cream.”
Tony exhaled through his nose, glancing at his watch and wondering how much Pepper was going to kill him. Then he looked at Clint again, hunched over the DVR and wielding the wire cutters menacingly and sighed.
Tony sighed. “Fine. Thank you for setting up my online dating profile, without which it is highly unlikely I would’ve met Steve, who I have very strong feelings for, and am in an exclusive relationship with. Happy?”
“We’re doing what now?” Bucky frowned.
When Steve kissed Arnie, it was good because Arnie knew what he was doing and because it eased the symptoms of his heat, lowering them to a dull ache instead over the overwhelming pain.
“Oh, look, Ellie. I think I broke your papa,” Arnie chuckled.
“Hi Steve,” she smiled, then her eyes flickered down to Ellie.
“Don’t you always, sir?” JARVIS sighed.
He glanced up and found Clint skulking around the edge of the room, his hands jammed deep in his pockets and his eyes darting over Tony’s projects that were all in various states of completion. Tony sat back and put aside his tools.
“Steve’s married,” Hope replied.
“Yeah. What’re you having, Rogers?”
He flipped his French toast onto a plate and drizzled syrup over the tower of toast before sitting at the table, and staring out over the city.
When he was done, Steve peeled off his sodden shirt and patted himself dry using the towel. Picking up the towel and t-shirt, he climbed the stairs again. Again, he ignored Tony’s curious gaze as he stretched the towel and t-shirt out in the sun. Then, finally, he turned towards Tony, crossing to the edge of the pool and sitting with crossed legs.
“Thanks Tony,” she mumbled.
“What do I want to say?” he whispered.
“Can you blow something up with all of this? I can buy new stuff.”
“Hey, it’s okay,” Stark shook his head. “Take your time. Just breathe. Breathe, honey. I’m here. You’re okay.”
“My friends call me MJ,” she said.
“Yeah,” Steve nodded. He scooped Ellie up, ignoring her squawk of protest at leaving the dragon behind. He soothed her by leaning her against his shoulder, letting her scent him for a moment while he kissed the top of her head. Then he leaned forward and transferred her into Tony’s arms.
Catching Tony’s face in his hands, Steve drew him in, only the stop, their lips scant millimetres from each other. Tony could feel the heat from Steve’s mouth, could feel his breath against his own lips. When his tongue flicked out to wet his lips, he hit Steve’s too, causing his breath to hitch.
Steve stared.
Tony’s hand twitched around the tablet as he scrolled through Wilson’s notes. “You were in here four weeks ago with a broken nose. And three weeks before that with a dislocated shoulder. Two months ago you got stabbed in the leg.”
“No, of course,” Steve replied, stifling a wince. “You must be a busy man.”
The man - creature? Thing? Being? - hissed, his eyes flashing. “Aren’t you clever?”
“Can somebody just tell me?” Steve shouted, interrupting their bickering. “Whatever it is.”
“I know.”
She studied him carefully. He stood steady under her gaze, knowing that this went deeper than one single event. If he pulled this off, it could smooth things out between them for once and for all, establishing them as more than just Tony’s boyfriend and his ex.
He glanced around the fancy office. There was something about the room which made his skin crawl. There were no pictures, no knick-knacks or personalising features of any kind, he realised. He flicked open the top drawer, hoping for the regular detritus of a desk, anything that would humanise Stane and make the whole place seem less creepy.
“What?” Tony frowned.
“‘kay!”
Sharon huffed out a laugh. She closed her eyes as Natasha’s hand slipped onto the back of her neck, drawing her close until their foreheads were touching.
“Took you long enough,” he replied. “I was almost ready to give your shield to Steve.”
“First one since Ellie?” Tony asked, nodding in understanding.
“Yeah. I thought the tail kinda gave it away.”
Across the nurses’ station, an orderly and the nurse he was flirting with jumped in surprise - Hank smiled internally at that - but Dr. Natasha Romanoff didn’t even blink.
“I have a gun,” Clint replied.
With that, Steve turned on his heel and walked out without a backward glance.
, that did things to Steve - and caught his foot, yanking off his shoe and sock in one move.
“Thank you,” he whispered, slipping the second gun into his waistband.
“Hey you,” he croaked.
She gave him one last squeeze before pulling back.
“You’re insane,” Steve chuckled. “Why am I friends with you?”
Steve frowned.
“Not that many,” Steve frowned.
She shrugged, pulling a chair over to his desk and dropping down into it before unfolding the wrapper on her microwave burrito.
“Stop copying Clint,” he scolded. “Just because he throws himself off of things doesn’t mean you can.”
“Coming,” Bruce nodded.
Steve, always so shrewd, seeing through Tony’s bluster and faux casualness. God, Tony loved him so much.
Steve stepped forward. “What if I told you they do?”
“Yes, sir,” Steve nodded.
“Oh, yeah. That’s all fired up. But fuel might be an issue.”
“My mom had to sell them to bail my dad out of jail,” he admitted, his voice hoarse. “It was one of the few times he was actually around, before he bailed on us for good. Well, except when he needed money. That’s the only thing we’ve ever been good for.” He huffed out a breath. “Damn, you’re good,” he told Matt. “How’d you figure that out?”
Tony reached back, fishing blindly until he found Steve’s hand with his own.
“Everything I survived and I’m going to die at the hands of a James Bond villain reject?” Tony complained. “No. I refuse to let someone who unironically uses the word
There was something surreal about watching Tony Stark wait in line at his favourite coffee shop, Steve decided, tapping his nails against his Kandinski phone case. He thought he was past the stage of internally going
“I should’ve known you were trouble the first time we met.”
(If anyone asked, Tony would deny the high-pitched squeak he made at the sight of the adorable, wriggly little ginger beans.)
And the longer they sat there, gazing into each other’s eyes, the more Steve realised that he was well and truly fucked.
“Oh God, that’s so disgusting,” Steve grimaced.
“That’s amazing. Wow.”
“What?”
“Yeah, we should uh, we should do that again sometime,” Tony nodded, swallowing.
“Thanks,” Steve whispered.
“It’s not funny!” Barton whined.
It turned out to be something between a corridor and a conservatory. A bay window jutted out from the next room; through the glass, Steve caught a glimpse of a burnt orange carpet. At the end of the corridor, there was a toilet and a closet, then the final room opened out and Steve giggled to himself, tipping his head back to take in both floors of the library, sadly bereft of books.
Steve grinned proudly and Tony shook his head, cupping Steve’s face in both hands and drawing him in and kissing the smug smile off of his face until Steve was groaning into his mouth.
He held out the towel, allowing Steve to deposit Ellie into his arms.
He curled his fingers around Tony’s thumb and Tony smiled, running his forefinger over Steve’s knuckles. “Love you,” he whispered, pressing a kiss to Steve’s temple.
He dozed like that until Natasha announced that they were coming in to the Tower. Tony sat up with a yawn, stretching his arms above his head with a low whine in the back of his throat. Sitting back with a sigh, he nudged Bucky, snickering when he jerked awake with a snort and blinked blearily at Tony.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hmm, yeah,” Steve nodded, stretching across the floor for his backpack. It was just out of reach but he was too lazy to move, wriggling his fingers and huffing, then letting out a cry of triumph when his ring finger caught the strap. Yanking the bag with him, he sat up again and found Tony staring at him, a strange expression on his face. “What?”
“You’re a carny and a thief; you’d fit right in,” Tony replied. “Where did you get money? I mean, you bought a building. This building. I mean, it’s not much,” he added, glancing around, “But real estate in Brooklyn isn’t cheap. And being an Avenger doesn’t exactly pay. Believe me, I know.”
“Let’s go then.”
Tony began to thrust his hips again, his heart racing as he moved faster. He stared down at Steve, his breath catching in his throat. Their eyes locked and Tony wondered how he’d ever managed to survive without Steve in his life and how he could’ve believed, even for a moment, that he could let him go.
“I’m going to eviscerate your father,” she replied.
Clint sucked in a breath. Everyone froze, as though holding their breath to see what was going to happen. Maybe this
“Morning,” he called as he arrived at the house.
“Of course sir.”
“Yeah?”
“I don’t have any family. My dad left when I was a kid. He’s no loss. Then my mom...” Steve trailed off. He swallowed. “It’s just me.”
“She’s with Clint.”
“Yeah?”
“Yeah? Tell that to Marco Scarlotti,” he snapped. “A good man who was manipulated first by Obadiah Stane, and then by you. And when he tried to do the right thing, you brutally murdered him and threw him in the Hudson.”
“Fuck. No lube.”
“Absolutely,” Steve nodded innocently.
some kind of genius, or that the Starks were a pair of assholes who abused a child for their own ridiculous gains.
“When I was at med school,” he explained, “My advisor was a guy named Dr. Thaddeus Ross. And he, um. He told me that he doesn’t think I have what it takes. To be a doctor. Definitely not a surgeon. I’m scared he’s right.”
“Hey, don’t blame me,” Steve objected. “He’s your husband now.”
“I like her,” Tony told Steve. Zoey sidled up to Steve, offering him her bowl of chips. Steve took a handful and threw her a wink. Zoey bit back a smirk, poking him in the side. Steve poked her back and they started a brief tickle war.
Tony groaned, flopping onto his back. “You give him an orgasm, and still he’s not happy.” He sighed dramatically. “I am but your humble servant, Steven. I live to serve. I should wear pants if I’m going to cook, right?”
Tony paused, glancing up at Steve through his eyelashes before carrying on with a sigh. Steve clenched his jaw and pursed his lips.
“You work with Dr. Pym, right?”
“You know,” Sharon said when they’d collapsed on the verge of a food coma. “There’s this girl at work who would be perfect for you, Steve.”
A moment later, he felt Tony’s finger pressing into him and he thought,
When they went to LA the month before in search of the Maggia’s lab, they were greeted by the Dreadnoughts: fully articulated humanoid robots, with a veritable arsenal of weapons. They went in expecting an easy mission, and they came home battered and bruised and with nothing. Because while they were fighting the Dreadnoughts, the Maggia was evacuating the facility and wiping everything from their computers, beyond even Tony or Natasha’s ability to bring it back.
Steve locked the door behind them, then turned to Tony.
“You’re disgusting,” Tony informed him.
“You're a d-o-g person, aren’t you?”
, that felt good, the way Tony’s hips stuttered against him. Tony let out a low whine in the back of his throat, biting down on Steve’s shoulder.
“Why are you still here?” Tony asked bluntly.
“Then don’t,” Steve shrugged. He sank further into the couch, taking Tony’s hand in his own. “Don’t go. We’ll… go do all the tourist traps. Like the Washington Monument and the Lincoln Memorial.”
“Yeah, you have a longer moisturising routine than me,” Steve teased.
Ellie looked up at him from his arms, blowing spit bubbles that Steve already knew would end up all over his shirt when she inevitably buried her face into his chest. But he was too busy trying not to freak out about the fact that he’d decided tonight was the night.
“Alright,” Angie shrugged.
“What’s it doing over there?”
“No,” Sharon shook her head instantly. Steve flirting with, well, anyone was unheard of. Not real flirting. He had a boyish charm and would turn on the wide blue eyes whenever they had a patient determined to ignore their instructions, which made them blush and concede, particularly when he beamed at them following their acquiesce. “You’re imagining things.”
“Well, if they know I’m here, they obviously don’t care.”
“You didn’t hear it from me, but there’s some drama going on between Quill and Gamora,” Carol murmured. “Again.”
“No, I wanna live with you, Tony. You’re my boyfriend and we’re in this for the long haul,” Steve reminded himself. “I want this. I’m just… getting stupidly emotional over an apartment.”
“What do you want?” Steve repeated slowly.
Four days felt like a lifetime when he couldn’t see Steve, Tony decided. Which was crazy, because before he left, he hadn’t seen Steve for over a week, but he was in New York then. So he knew even if he didn’t see Steve, he could if he wanted to. But in LA, with three hours of time difference, it was just enough for them to be out of sync.
“Yeah,” he nodded. “It’s this girl. We’ve only just met, but I think I’m falling in love with her.”
“Uh, yeah,” Peter nodded.
”Thanks,” Steve said, dropping a kiss onto her cheek as he stood. “Tony’ll be here in ten.”
Steve’s back arched, his muscles going tense as he came in a rush of heat which almost seemed surprising. He let his head drop, panting into Tony’s neck as his orgasm washed over him, leaving him shaking and breathless.
“Jesus!” he exclaimed, glancing towards the ceiling.
Steve’s face lit up. “You do?”
“I’ll catch up,” he replied, because his attention was caught by a portrait hanging beside the elevators.
Tony killed the engine after pulling into the parking space in the tower’s garage then turned to Steve in the passenger seat. “Home sweet home.”
Steve was the first to arrive. Unless this really was a catfish situation, in which case, maybe he wasn’t. Waving to the barista with the pink hair, Steve claimed a seat in the window, exhaling slowly as he sat down, the butterflies in his stomach donning tap shoes. In an attempt to distract himself while he waited, Steve pulled out his phone.
When he looked up, Tony had unwrapped the cod and was slicing off thin strips of raw fish with his knife and dropping them into his mouth, one eye on Steve the entire time. There was a challenge clear in his gaze.
“It’s not your money,” Steve retorted and hung up, feeling a sudden longing for his Nan’s old kitchen phone, which was immensely satisfying to slam down on someone when you hung up. Then he called Marci and invited her over when he knew Tony had a meeting with R&D the following afternoon.
She hung up, and Tony was left alone once more. Almost alone.
The man - creature? Thing? Being? - laughed humourlessly and gave him a lascivious wink. “Not even in your wildest dreams, honey. Now why don’t you piss off outta my house before I stab you again, hmm?”
Batroc clenched his jaw and leaned back. A flash of pain burst across his face; the movement pulled on the wound, no doubt.
“Barton, I’ve told you before and I’ve told you again, stop drinking out of the pot. That’s not sanitary, and as a doctor you should know that,” Natasha continued. “Second of all, I need all the paperwork for the drug company study. Hank is trying to fund an extra position for the day shift so he’s breathing down my neck, which means until I get that paperwork, I’m going to be breathing down your necks. And if we don’t get this done in time and day shift doesn’t get that extra position, then you’re going to have Coulson breathing down your neck. And take it from Dr. Barton, you do not want that.”
(See the end of the chapter for
about me.”
“You’re wearing a crown.”
They delved into research - or, more accurately, Rhodey delved into research and Steve supplied him with snacks and sodas - and confirmed that, on paper at least, Tony was the CEO of Stark Industries and a majority shareholder.
“I’m sorry I couldn’t be more help,” she apologised.
Eventually, amid much protestations, it was time for the girls to go to bed. They cleaned them up, tucking Zoey and Evie Rose into Angie’s bed, then Steve lowered a sleeping Hannah into the travel crib Tony wrestled into submission in the living room and tiptoed into Steve’s room, closing the door behind them.
