. The thought had popped into John’s head before he’d been able to stop it, and John had felt himself blush, furiously registering that Sherlock had almost certainly not missed it. He had hoped that Sherlock had interpreted it as John’s embarrassment over the awkwardness of the situation and his own ineptitude and not the far more humiliating truth.
He flushed ever so slightly at the last part, shooting Mycroft a quick glance as though he expected him to laugh or say something insulting. But Mycroft continued to stare at his shoes as though their highly polished surface were fascinating to him, apparently uninterested in his brother's obvious discomfort.
"There are certain things that need to be explained. Sherlock thought that it might be easier if I were here, since I played such a large role in the subject of our discussions."
John’s tone is sharp now and the air is suddenly rife with tension that had not been there a moment ago.
John nods, he already knew this but needed to hear it. Ella seems to sense his reluctance to dissect this particular topic any further at the moment, and changes tact.
Ten minutes later they're downstairs both climbing into the warm, fragrant water. John has added one of
Sherlock considered him for a moment, his expression unreadable, then he took his first sip of the drink in front of him.
He gave her a quick peck on the cheek before he was out the door, darting quickly up the stairs. Mrs Hudson shook her head but couldn't quite suppress a grin as she cleared up the kitchen. For the first time in a year, Baker Street finally felt
“Would you say that you’re finding yourself attracted to Sherlock?” Ella asks. It’s a blunt question, but one that John accepts needs to be asked and answered outright.
Okay so that chapter was basically all porn *whistles* I REGRET NOTHING. Slightly shorter chapter but I hope you all enjoyed it. I don't write a lot of smut to be honest so hopefully it was to everyone's...satisfaction (pun very much intended).
John said nothing for a moment, then everything clicked into place and his face changed to one of utter disbelief, of his world crumbling around him for the millionth time that week.
He breaks away to softly kiss Sherlock’s neck, stretched out long against him, his hand sliding slowly down Sherlock's chest once more.
In an instant John has stopped, drawing himself back up to face Sherlock and clamping his hand firmly over Sherlock’s mouth.
Sherlock is naked on his hands and knees on John's bed. John kneels behind him, pleased that he already has Sherlock such a gloriously hot mess in the time he's taken to thoroughly tease and prepare him for what's to come. It's late and he has work tomorrow but he finds it doesn't matter. Right now he's drunk on Sherlock and nothing matters but this. He leans over his lover, positioning his achingly hard cock against his entrance, longing to finally slide into his warm and waiting body. Sherlock is trembling with anticipation, long since ready for him.
Then John is slicking himself up, positioning himself above Sherlock and guiding himself into place. He pauses for a moment, taking in the magnificent sight before him, before slowly but surely sliding fast and deep into Sherlock in one smooth movement. Sherlock lets out a strangled cry and John groans loudly, stilling to allow him a moment to adjust before capturing his lips in another hot kiss.
"We knew that the time had come," Mycroft took over smoothly. "Sherlock asked me to feed Moriarty the information about himself, knowing that Moriarty would use it to destroy him. I was reluctant, as you can imagine, but it was the only way. So I complied, then I released him, and Sherlock and I awaited the fall that we knew was inevitable."
Sherlock’s steady, calm voice and comforting presence so close to him brings John down just enough to remember what had been haunting his unconscious mind. The vision of the nightmare, so real, still swims before his eyes. A flash of Sherlock’s lifeless face and blood pouring from his head after his fall from the rooftop. Sherlock bound and tortured. The former is a familiar reoccurrence in his nightmares but the latter is a new one. John runs a shaky hand over his face, and when he speaks his voice is so breathless and strained that he barely recognises it as his own.
John doesn’t miss the smirk that indicates he’s having a subtle dig at Sherlock, and feels a lick of anger flare up within him.
Sherlock’s words sound considered, deliberately chosen, and as though he wants nothing more than to change the topic. But far from placating John, this only seems to make the tension more palpable. His glare bores into Sherlock and he notices Sherlock shift, as though slightly uncomfortable under the weight of it.
John nods once in confirmation and falls into step beside Sherlock, his hand going to Sherlock’s elbow in a small, unconscious gesture of affection and protection as they leave the room.
Not long after that, John had given Sherlock the most heartfelt apology he could muster, then they’d all eaten cake. Looking back, John now knew that it was the end of the horrible misfortune that had separated them and the beginning of their next chapter together. From there the only way had been up, and the months since had seen them grow closer than ever.
“It’s okay, John, it’s okay, it’s not real,” Sherlock murmurs soothingly, drawing John in closer now.
Sherlock’s deep chuckle seems to reverberate through John’s chest and he joins in, feeling some of the tightness melt away. Their laughter fades but John can sense their mutual smiles through the inky blackness of the room.
Things were a lot quieter in John's world these days. He kept busy, he kept fit, he did anything he could to not think about the events of eleven months ago. Did anything he could to not think about
He smiles to himself and relaxes back into the pillow, feeling guilty for wanting five more minutes. But his alarm clock tells him that it’s still early and his foggy mind reminds him that yet again he didn’t have the best night’s sleep. He heaves a heavy sigh, wondering how long it will be before he stops feeling so broken. He knows he’s come a long way from where he was just after Mary’s death, but he’s exhausted from the nightmares, from the guilt that still gnaws at him, from the effort of trying to be a better father, friend, doctor…and whatever role it was that he played in his work with Sherlock. He’s beyond grateful for all the help that everyone has given him and he knows that his support network will be there for him through anything he needs. But he’s not even sure what he needs anymore.
Quick as a flash he’s pulled out a pair of metal handcuffs and has Sherlock’s wrists bound behind his back. Sherlock lets out a ragged gasp at the unexpected twist of events, his cock twitches and rapidly grows impossibly harder. He tries pushing himself into John’s hands but the other man has strategically stepped back ever so slightly as he pins Sherlock in place by his hips. Sherlock whimpers, hating himself for his neediness but unable to stop.
She hadn't answered his question but had given him a look that strongly suggested that this was exactly the question she was asking but didn't want to push him further than he was capable of being pushed. John had sighed heavily, exhaustion threatening to overwhelm him again. Although he had already known the answer, had somewhere inside always known the answer, it had seemed to take him a long time to form any words.
"I'm not leaving you, John. Come on," he replied, rising from his chair and gently but firmly taking John's arm and leading him towards the exit.
"There's nothing you can do," John replied coldly, abruptly cutting off the thoughts in his head. "Just go. I'll...talk to you tomorrow."
"Yes, John, I'm sure, and in fact I'm sure that I've never been so sure about anything in my life…well maybe that's not quite true but…"
He sucked in a deep breath, his lungs feeling desperately starved of oxygen, and stared at his knees. He couldn't look either of them in the eye, but he wasn't sure if the cause was anger or hurt. Sherlock placed his hand over John's but said nothing. John found that he didn't particularly want Sherlock touching him right now, but he also didn't want to pull away. The silence in the room stretched out for what felt like minutes. Finally, Mycroft got to his feet, collecting his briefcase and umbrella as he did so.
“Let’s leave it at that for today, John,” Ella says, her voice gentle and kind. “You’ve done really well and we’ve made some great progress. I’d like to see you again in two weeks, if that would be okay with you?”
“Nothing all that special really. Just life. You having some time away for yourself. Enjoy it,” he says, raising his glass.
John is deep within this little daydream when he hears it. The unmistakable sound of a breathy moan, erotic to the point of being obscene and more than a little exaggerated. John’s head snaps up and he feels himself bristle immediately, a reaction dazzling in its predictability. Sherlock refuses to meet John’s eyes, but his cheeks have coloured slightly as he silently reaches into his robe for his phone. John clears his throat but looks back down at his book, willing himself to say nothing. That lasts for approximately five seconds.
“It’s more than that though. I find myself thinking about him…physically.” A pause. “And then there was this moment the other night…”
John ignores him, unable as always to verbalise what it is people think they are. He knows Sherlock will be reading all kinds of things into that, including analysing why it is that John cares so much about what others think. The thought only serves to make him angrier.
He thinks of something but isn’t sure whether to offer, torn between wanting to help and not wanting to overstep any boundaries.
John wakes with a start, looking frantically around himself as though he’s lost something but can’t remember what. He sits up too quickly and blearily peers into Rosie’s cot. Empty. His brain struggles to fight through the morning grogginess to remember where she is – could she be with Molly or Mrs Hudson? No – then remembers that Sherlock spent the night in his bed. He’s probably taken her downstairs, John thinks, and he sits very still and listens. He makes out a barely perceptible low voice – Sherlock’s – then Rosie’s unmistakable squeal of delight.
"Of course he's dead, do you really think I'd be sitting here talking to you if he weren't? Honestly, John, sometimes I think that if you'd just use your..."
"At several points I had to convince him that it really was the best thing to do…that it was in your best interest and for the greater good."
John sinks his teeth into the space between Sherlock’s shoulder and neck and Sherlock screams as his orgasm rips through him, clinging to John and spilling into his hand, so beautifully and completely out of control. It’s enough to push John over the precipice and suddenly he’s tumbling into blissful oblivion, shuddering and crying out Sherlock’s name as he comes deep inside.
"I know," Sherlock replied quietly. "And I will leave you to your thoughts, but first please know that everything I did was motivated by my feelings for you. I just wanted you to be safe."
It’s a quiet evening at Baker Street, one of the rare occasions where they’re neither working on a case nor actively looking for one. Sherlock has been occupied with an experiment, and John, in the several days since his therapy session, has started to feel a bit more accepting of his new reality. After paying close attention to the people he’s encountered in his daily life, he’s re-affirmed that he’s not attracted to men in general but he is attracted to Sherlock. No big deal, he thinks, he can live with that. Nothing needs to change and nothing should change. God knows they’ve been through enough of that for a lifetime in the past two years alone.
"No it's not you, it felt wonderful, I just got...overwhelmed with all the new data...too many new sensations...I couldn't take it all in, and I panicked," he explained slowly, sounding more like himself now.
Sherlock pulled him down and kissed him again, harder this time, grinding against John slightly and moving so his legs were spread further apart. John moved his hand back down, coating his fingers with the lubricant, and resuming his gentle stroking of Sherlock's entrance as he kissed him, Sherlock still moving against him. Sherlock moaned soft and low into John's mouth and John slowly, as carefully as possible, eased a finger inside him. Sherlock made a noise that was somewhere between pain and pleasure and kissed John hard, hand planted firmly on the back of John's head. John kissed back, his tongue exploring Sherlock's mouth as he slowly moved his finger, starting to feel Sherlock relax around him. He waited until Sherlock started grinding against him before adding a second finger, once again feeling Sherlock tense and then slowly relax. He dropped his head to Sherlock's neck again, kissing and nuzzling him as he moved his fingers inside Sherlock.
"John, as you know, I am a very important man. I could not simply disappear for months on end for the sake of my baby brother's vendettas. I knew that he was more than capable of handling things on his own and that he would contact me for assistance if and when required, which he did."
They walk through the posh, immaculately manicured grounds of the university and enter the equally as refined building. John has the immediate feeling that he doesn't fit in, about as much as Sherlock does fit in. As they walk towards Professor Soames’ office, Sherlock points out things along the way that have changed since he studied there and things that have remained exactly the same. John is relieved to note that the majority of Sherlock’s nerves from earlier in the day have dissipated or at least lessened, and he seems much more like himself as he prattles on about the history and architecture. Sherlock leads them straight to Soames’ office, remembering its exact location of course, and knocks on the open door before they enter.
Satisfied, John slips his hand between Sherlock’s legs, giving his cock and balls a cursory stroke, and feels the base of the plug inside Sherlock. It’s of a modest size, just enough to for Sherlock to feel it, but it opens him up nicely.
The decision to move back to Baker Street came on a glorious summer day in London. Sherlock, John, Mrs Hudson and Molly had been busy all morning putting the final touches on the restored flat. When the afternoon heat became somewhat stifling, John had suggested that they take Rosie to the local park for a picnic, seizing the opportunity to celebrate both their hard work and the rare weather. He was back to regularly seeing Ella, his old therapist, who had pressed the importance of acknowledging the good times as well as struggling through the bad. And god knew there had been enough of those for a lifetime.
At that Sherlock pulled him into a hug, wrapping his long arms around John's slightly trembling frame, bringing his lips to John's forehead and placing a gentle kiss there.
“Nothing like that, I’m afraid,” Mycroft replies evenly, setting down his mug and folding his hands neatly in his lap.
Currently John is sat in his chair, flicking through the paper that he’d run out of time to read that morning. He’s resolutely trying to ignore the fact that Sherlock is practically draped over his own chair, his long legs dangling gracefully over one side, and wearing what appears to be a new silk robe and matching pyjama bottoms in a flattering shade of blue so rich it was almost black. It reminds John of the section of the ocean that transitions from shallow to very deep, and the way it looks against Sherlock’s otherwise bare skin is nothing short of criminal. Again, if Sherlock notices anything amiss he says nothing, seemingly absorbed in his emails on the laptop that is perched in his lap.
"You should have trusted me, Sherlock. I've never given you a reason not to. And the whole time you were gone I never doubted you for a minute, never believed a word anyone said about you. Because I
"Move back in with me. Everything can be the way it was," Sherlock murmured into John's hair and John could hear the anxiety in his soft voice.
“Sherlock Holmes, you made it! Do come in,” says Soames, looking nothing short of delighted as he approaches Sherlock and shakes his hand warmly.
"I know you're sore, sweetheart, but I have to make sure you're okay. I’ll be gentle," he explains softly.
He gets up and rummages around in the bathroom cabinet briefly, before remembering Rosie’s baby oil. He returns to the bedroom a moment later, finding Sherlock naked from the waist up and face down on the bed, his head resting to one side. John’s breath hitches ever so slightly – he’d not forgotten about the scars but seeing them again made his heart pang painfully. As he sits gently on the bed and moves closer to Sherlock, he’s glad to see that the scars have faded more since he last saw them many months ago. The light from the lamp is dim and Sherlock looks incredibly beautiful. Vulnerable. Exhausted. Broken. But still beautiful. The way Sherlock trusts him so openly, in a way that John had never dared hope, is suddenly overwhelming – his throat feels tight and his eyes prickle despite his better intentions. He clears his throat and positions himself close to Sherlock.
"Are you sure you're ready for this? There's no hurry," John said gently, still massaging Sherlock's head slowly.
He undoes it most of the way and shrugs out of it, leaving his shoulders exposed but his back largely covered, and sits on the arm of his leather chair silently as John examines him.
He feels Sherlock roll onto his side, his clumsy movements indicating that he’s very much on the precipice of sleep already. Through the darkness he reaches for John in a silent question and John responds right away, drawing him close and pulling him snug against his chest. Sherlock settles there as though he was made for it, the top half of his body resting on John’s, his head on John’s chest and his palm resting at John’s heart. Despite everything that is happening, John feels content in this moment. He doesn’t know, and doesn’t want to question right now, why it feels so right to be here together like this, to finally have Sherlock in his arms. John places one last soft kiss on Sherlock’s forehead, and a few seconds later hears the deep breathing that indicates that Sherlock is finally asleep. John holds him close, willing his embrace to protect Sherlock from his own subconscious.
John reaches around quickly and clamps his hand firmly over Sherlock’s mouth, ignoring the detective’s gasp of surprise. Then without warning he enters him roughly and deeply, withdraws slowly then slams back in. He smirks wickedly at Sherlock's muffled cry beneath his palm and grasps his hip reassuringly with his free hand.
John pours a little oil into his palms and rubs them together to warm them up, before placing a strong and reassuring hand in the middle of Sherlock’s back and stroking gently. He sets a slow, deliberate rhythm, his hands moving across the skin in firm but tender movements. Sherlock practically melts under his touch, humming contentedly and seemingly not even aware he is doing so. As he moves his hands over Sherlock’s back, he thinks again about how soothing, how healing, touch can be. For someone like Sherlock, who has from John’s observations always avoided physical contact with other people, it must be foreign and strange. But he’s witnessed Sherlock become more and more comfortable with it over the past few months, even seeking it out now. And for John to be able to reciprocate without feeling uncomfortable or worrying about what people think…well that was…let’s just say they had both come a long way. As he muses on this, John runs a hand up Sherlock’s back and into his hair, fingers massaging the scalp. Sherlock all but moans and John chuckles lightly.
"I just mean that I would rather hear about you, about where you've been and what you've been doing all these months."
Please note that I intentionally haven't used years in this timeline. Ideas sourced from reading a variety of sources, but since it's widely accepted that there are timeline ambiguities/inconsistencies, it's really just my guess and what works for the purposes of this story.
anything. But I'm still trying to work out exactly what those feelings are. So maybe until I do that it would be better if we didn't..."
“All ready to go?” Sherlock says, and John nods his assent and drains the last of his drink before following him towards the door.
It was early afternoon and Sherlock found himself knocking on Mrs Hudson's door with a very specific purpose in mind.
"That was…amazing," he said languidly, and smiled contentedly as he felt Sherlock move to place a few tiny kisses on his neck.
"John, I'm sorry. I don't want this to feel like a confrontation but I want to be completely honest with you now that things are…different…between us."
Instead, he draws himself up to full height once again and pulls Sherlock into a brutal, punishing kiss. Sherlock moans into his mouth and John senses that his legs would give way if they weren’t supported by the couch behind him. He decides to show a little mercy towards his lover and pulls away to lick his own palm then slowly and deliberately wrap it around Sherlock’s length.
His expression is so pained and compassionate that John can hardly stand it. But Sherlock’s expression remains unchanged and John can sense he’s only half with them as his mind struggles to rapidly process this information. He reaches out and carefully places his hand on Sherlock’s, his thumb stroking the skin soothingly. The gesture seems to bring Sherlock back to the present.
Sherlock nodded, his eyes still tightly closed, his breath heavy. He whimpered slightly and John kissed him, stroked his cheek.
John glanced at Sherlock and was slightly puzzled by the hurt he could see on his face. He could tell that Sherlock was trying hard to conceal it, but Sherlock wasn't the only one who could read people. For anther long moment there was nothing but silence.
"I'm so sorry for everything I've put you through," Sherlock continued, moving closer and raising his voice to be heard over the heavy rain. "I know that it's not good enough and that I should have trusted you but I don't regret what I did because you're alive and safe. But if I said that was all I ever wanted I'd be lying. And I don't want to lie to you anymore, John."
"I think you should go, Sherlock," he heard himself say in a voice that sounded as wrecked as he felt.
"If you decide to see him again do you know what you might want to say? Or what you might need to say?"
Sherlock nods dazedly and follows John’s instructions as John busies himself with the fire and making tea. He comes back into the room a short while later with two mugs, setting them down carefully on the coffee table. Sherlock looks exhausted and more vulnerable than John has ever seen him. Still torn over how to deal with the situation, he follows his intuition and sits beside Sherlock on the couch. A brief flicker of relief washes over Sherlock’s features and tells John that he’s on the right track in thinking that the most important thing right now is just being there.
The words are hard to get out, and he all but squirms in his seat having to say them. He’s someone who would more often than not prefer to let things go unsaid, but he knows that it’s neither helpful nor healthy to continue down that path. Seeing his discomfort, Ella smiles at him reassuringly, trying to make it as easy on him as possible.
“I know I haven’t been an easy person to get along with at times,” John confesses, not missing the humour in the fact that it’s usually Sherlock who is the difficult one.
He looked to his feet again, fingers fidgeting with his umbrella in a way that was most uncharacteristic, and when he spoke again his voice was soft and low and more human than John had heard it since Sherlock had left.
John considered this for a moment, letting the validity of the words sink into him. He knew it was true, knew that pretty much every issue they'd ever had could have been solved by talking about it. But whilst he was all for that, Sherlock was certainly not the most open of people, to say the least.
"No. You never saw me hit the ground. Think very carefully about that. I asked you to stay in a certain position, do you remember?"
John hurries up the stairs to their flat, taking them two at a time. He’s had a terrible day at the clinic and knows just what he needs to release that tension. He’s through the door and finds Sherlock at his desk, typing on his laptop without looking up.
He finds he can’t say the word and instead blows out the breath he hadn’t realised he’d been holding.
His tone much gentler than John is used to hearing from him, which only serves to make him feel worse. John lets them into the flat, deposits his overnight bag at the foot of the stairs and heads to the kitchen to sort out tea, though something tells him they’ll need something stronger. When he comes back into the living room with a tray of mugs, he finds Mycroft settled in Sherlock’s chair and takes a seat next to Sherlock on the couch. John passes a sugary tea to Sherlock and takes a sip of his own, surveying Mycroft carefully.
"Can I take care of that for you?" John whispers, nuzzling into his hair and drinking in his magnificent scent.
“No, it’s fine,” Sherlock replies quickly, trying without much success to adjust the shirt and cover more of his back.
“You’re not exactly in a position to be making demands,” John points out, gripping his hips more firmly.
"You haven't done this before, have you Sherlock?" he asked breathlessly, his fingers tracing Sherlock's hip bones and his eyes trying to read his face.
"Sorry, Sherlock dear, went off on a bit of a tangent there. Let me make us a nice cup of tea and we'll have a chat. What was it that you wanted to talk about?"
“I heard you through the baby monitor downstairs,” Sherlock replies almost apologetically, with a slight quirk of his lips.
John's mind was immediately drawn back to a particularly painful session not long after Sherlock's…fall. As the rain had fallen with reckless abandon outside the window of the neat office, she had asked John what it was that he hadn't said to Sherlock. He hadn't been able to tell her. It was too raw and infinitely too personal and he doubted that he would ever be able to express it within his own mind, let alone to anyone else. But a couple of months later, the topic had come up again.
than right. It was surreal and wonderful and mind blowing in the most exquisite way possible. He knew that he would never rush Sherlock into anything, but the thought of doing more than this made him shiver with desire. Sherlock moaned softly into John's mouth and John had to fight the urge to come right then and there. As John continued the movement of his hand, noting Sherlock's reactions and adjusting accordingly, he looked down at him and felt his breath hitch in his throat at the sight of Sherlock naked beneath him, his body a flawless sculpture of creamy pale skin and subtlety toned muscles, his curls more wild than John had ever seen them, his pupils blown wide and causing his dark eyes to glitter, his lips parted in a way that made John want to kiss him senseless. So that's what he did. He finally pulled away, brushing a lock of hair from Sherlock's forehead and kissing him there gently.
Then all at once John realised that it was too late- he had leapt a long time ago. And all this time he had been falling. Would Sherlock be there to catch him? The answer to this particular question seemed to hit him with the force of a freight train. Sherlock had always caught him. And though it wasn't always in the way that John wanted, it was always motivated by Sherlock's very best intentions and that was what mattered. Sherlock did what he had to do and that wasn't always easy, yet he did it selflessly regardless of how it would affect his own world. They didn't always see eye to eye, and John knew he was kidding himself if he thought that was going to change, but they were always and unfailingly there for one another, no matter what. So of course he was going to forgive Sherlock. He was
John forces his voice to remain casual, but inside he feels anything but. He tries not to analyse why that one little sound and those two words –
“Yes, that’s it exactly,” he replies with relief, glad that he’s being understood without having to spell everything out so plainly.
"Excellent, I'll get some glasses," Sherlock answered, retreating to the kitchen that was much tidier than John was used to when he and Sherlock had shared it.
As moments passed, he’d felt hot oddly around the collar and tried to tell himself it was the physical exertion and nothing more. But the longer he’d stood against Sherlock, feeling every breath and every lean muscle underneath his coat, the harder it had become to convince himself. Out of nowhere, he’d had the mad urge to rest his palm against Sherlock’s chest, against that ridiculous shirt and at the base of that long elegant throat, wondering if it would feel as much like hard, cool marble as it looked. He’d slammed his eyes shut, forcing the thoughts away, until he’d become aware of Sherlock’s gaze upon him. “John?” Sherlock had questioned in a whisper, evidently concerned by this strange behaviour. They had exchanged an odd, heated look that seemed to stretch on into infinity. John didn’t dare breathe, almost positive his thundering heartbeat could be clearly heard. But the next thing he knew, Sherlock was pushing him out of the alcove and taking off down the alley in the opposite direction to which they came. John was off after him before he could give it a second thought.
John scoops him up into his arms, giving him a gloriously slow and healing kiss. He takes Sherlock’s hands into his own, gently kissing and massaging the reddened skin of his wrists and intertwining the long fingers with his own, then dips his head and places soft kisses along the tender flesh of his neck. Sherlock sighs softly, starting to relax into John’s touch.
Evidently Sherlock hadn't had time to mess it up with his experiments yet. John sat down in his favourite armchair and tried to take it all in. It was entirely surreal to be back here, sitting in his chair with Sherlock in the kitchen like no amount of time had passed at all. Could he somehow just pretend that none of this had happened and slip back into the same happy life once again?
“I’m going to head off to bed,” Sherlock announces, as if on cue, draining the last drops of whisky from his glass and getting to his feet. He moves to tidy the mess on the coffee table, another surprise, but John waves him away, assuring him that he'll take care of it.
"It's possible that it might feel too big because you're trying to deal with this on your own when really it involves two people."
Apparently it wasn't just him then. John watched carefully as Sherlock looked at the ground, his heart still racing. Had he really just confessed his love for his male best friend, flat mate and crime solving partner who had supposedly been dead for the past year? And who was a self confessed sociopath? Was he mad? He must be mad.
And then there was John. John Hamish Watson who had changed his world so unrecognisably that he could barely remember what it had been without him. Rather, he didn't want to remember. He'd experienced life without John far too recently, and he shuddered at the memory of what an awful world it had been. John stirred from his place on Sherlock's chest, sleepily stroking his hand down the skin of Sherlock's chest before settling back into sleep. Sherlock considered his sleeping face for a moment, finding it absolutely perfect. What was this man to him? He went through the list. His best friend, there was no question there. His partner, most definitely. He was certain that he'd done the best work of his life when John was at his side. His lover? He was certainly attracted to John, though annoyingly he couldn't quite place exactly when this had happened. It had just appeared with a certainty that Sherlock knew better than to question because he had long since learnt to always trust his instinct. Overall, Sherlock felt that he had enough information to deduce that he did in fact love John. That much was fairly clear. But what kind of love did he have? He was frustrated to find that his mind was drawing a blank, having no real basis for comparison when it came to romantic love. Irritated, Sherlock retreated from this particular room of his mind palace, realising that he needed more data, and crossed the mental hall to enter his John Watson room. He supposed that it was saying something that John had an entire room to himself. And it wasn't a small room either, yet it was somehow filled to the brim with information and memories. The flood of data was almost overwhelming, and he focused on the physical feel of the man against him as he tried to process it all.
But Sherlock is pacing now, working himself up to a state reminiscent of an active volcano, and John and Mycroft can only spectate from the sidelines as he spirals out of control.
“I trust that you will keep a close eye on him though. There’s no telling what he might do in this state.”
For a moment Mycroft said nothing, but John didn't miss the flash of something like regret that crossed his usually frozen features. He found himself curious despite his current feelings towards the man.
"Actually, no," Sherlock replied with a smile, as they reached the flat and entered the living room. "This one seems to have some self control at least…still a complete idiot, mind you, but then again most people are."
Between everything else, he and Sherlock been working on cases, though this had been challenging without a proper base. There had been nothing beyond a five really, and though Sherlock had proclaimed case after case to be “dull” and barely worthy of his time, John couldn’t help but notice that these condemnations were made with far less disgust than they had been in the past. John could hardly blame him, feeling less than enthused himself at the prospect of jumping right back into the deep end after everything that had happened.
At this conclusion the room is painfully silent, and Brian is staring at Drew and looks as though he’s going to cry. He promptly leaves the room, ignoring Soames’ protests, and John decides to follow. By the time he catches up with Brian in the hallway of the old building, the younger man is clearly distraught and panicking. John talks him through the panic as best he can, feeling inexplicably sorry for him even though he’s quite clearly done the wrong thing. It seems unfathomably stupid to risk his entire career for one mistake, but John feels like he understands better than most. Neither of them speak, and Brian’s eyes remain lowered to the floor in defeat.
John struggled to suck enough air into his lungs, hearing Sherlock's voice even though his vision was still tainted with the image of his lifeless, blood covered body, the dead eyes that had had their light extinguished. That was always the worst part. John let out a raw sob and reached out for Sherlock desperately, clinging to him, burying his face in the detective's bare chest. As he sucked in huge lungfuls of air, battling to regain control, he felt Sherlock stroke his hair soothingly, kiss his forehead, whisper words of comfort.
He’d helped with packing, knowing exactly when his presence rather than his words were needed as John painfully packed away the pieces of his life with Mary, then the move itself and helping them get settled into John’s old room and, to John’s immense surprise, he’d gone so far as to baby proof the flat. Mrs Hudson had even permitted Sherlock to use the empty basement flat to keep his experiments away from curious hands (“I’ve never been able to rent the bloody thing out anyway, dear,” she had insisted).
Sherlock is very still and seems to be holding his breath in anticipation of what John will do next.
“Get some sleep,” Sherlock murmurs, “You’ll need your strength for that bundle of raw chaotic energy you’ll be chasing around after tomorrow.”
“You lost your wife less than a year ago and you’ve had to adjust to being a full time parent. That’s a lot for anyone to deal with. In addition to the new living situation, it’s to be expected that you’ll feel confused and fatigued.”
"I missed him too. More than I ever thought I could miss anyone. Well, I've never really missed someone before," Sherlock confessed quietly.
“God, you’re freezing,” he says, pulling the jacket around Sherlock’s shoulders and holding him close. He takes Sherlock’s hands in his own and notes that although they’re very cold he’s not in any immediate danger. Still, he needs to get out of these wet clothes and out of the chilly air as soon as possible.
And before too long, Sherlock was moaning and whispering incoherent nothings under his breath and John could sense that he was getting close. But something was holding him back.
At that Sherlock lunges towards John, face buried in the space between John’s neck and the scar on his bad shoulder. John finally throws his arms around Sherlock’s frame, pulling him closer and feels him trembling uncontrollably.
Awkwardly, but perhaps not unexpectedly, John’s finding it uncomfortable to be physically close to Sherlock. There had been the moment where he’d all but jumped out of his skin when Sherlock had leaned over him and whispered the answer the crossword puzzle question he was working on (because of course ‘desire’ was a six letter word for a state of wanting or yearning). Or the moment when Sherlock had actually cooked, and before John had known what was happening Sherlock had been upon him, spoon feeding him a taste of the sauce he’d been simmering (delicious, John had to admit). And, most memorably, when he’d walked in on a half-naked and very wet consulting detective who was fresh out of a steamy shower and wearing only a small towel slung impossibly low on his slender hips (
"Moriarty had a wide network of contacts and I haven't yet been able to rid the world of every single one of them. I've taken care of the most dangerous threats, of course, but there will be others. There are always others. And I know I can't protect you from them all. But the less you know about what happened the better."
"I went up to the roof where I met Moriarty," he continued, snapping back to his all-business demeanor so quickly that John found it a little alarming.
at all," Mrs Hudson was saying "you know how it bothers me when you tell me the particularly gruesome details of the murder victims in the cases you're investigating, and when you talk about all those nasty experiments that you're always-"
Now it was time to face facts- Sherlock just couldn't live without John. His brain had been consistently clouded with vivid memories of his time with the man, particularly since he'd returned. More than once he'd caught himself thinking about the kisses and feverish touches they had shared on the very couch that he now lay on listlessly, about how badly he had wanted more, how badly he still wanted more. Eventually he had retired to the sofa and hadn't moved for an entire day, missing John until his heart went from throbbing to horribly empty and back again. He couldn't bring himself to regret his actions because his plan had worked - John was alive - but then again he wasn't entirely able to convince himself that he would have been able to go through with them if he had known it meant loosing John forever. It had always been a risk certainly, but he had somehow had so much faith in their bond that he had, perhaps naively, assumed that things would work out in the end. He'd sat up quickly, ignoring the dizziness brought on by the sudden rush of blood to his head, deciding that the time for waiting was over. Sherlock had never been one to give up on anything he had set out to do, and damned if he was going to give up John without a fight. If John wanted him out of his life he was going to have to force him out. As he raced down Baker Street, eyes scanning the road for a taxi, he desperately hoped that would not be John's final word. He was so lost in his own thoughts that he bumped into someone forcefully, and he turned with a slight scowl to apologise. And there before him stood John Watson, the expression on his face undoubtedly echoing the surprise on his own.
There was another long moment where neither of them seemed to breathe, then the wall seemed to break and John was lunging forward, pulling Sherlock to him and crushing their lips together in a bruising kiss. It only took Sherlock a second to recover from his shock and start to respond, his desperation to be forgiven evident.
John longed to close that gap, so he did. Because sometimes actions spoke louder than words. Their lips met, softly at first, but it wasn't long before the build up of emotions were pouring into the kiss, intensifying it quickly. Their tongues met sensuously and passionately as the rain dripped from their soaked hair onto their faces, mingling with the taste of their kiss. John slowly pulled away, coming to his senses enough to realise how ridiculous they were- kissing like a couple of teenagers in the middle of a busy London street, in a god damn monsoon-like rainstorm, no less. John laughed lightly and revelled in how good it felt.
“I feel confused, like I don’t know what I want or why. And I’m exhausted, quite frankly, in more ways than one,” he finishes.
"John, I can't stand seeing you like this," Sherlock said abruptly, ceasing his gentle, mournful strokes of the instrument in his hands and placing it down on the table once more. "I want to make things right, but you're not making it easy for me. I know you're hurt but—"
John didn't reply for a moment but didn't look away, their eyes still furiously locked on one another.
His tone is careful and measured, as though he’s not sure he should be asking. John looks up and meets Sherlock’s eyes with a reassuring smile.
“Sherlock. John,” he says, nodding his head by way of solemn greeting, and the three of them start to ascend the stairs to 221B.
His other hand goes to Sherlock’s cock, wrapping around his rock hard length and stroking in time with his thrusts.
"But I have a few conditions. Firstly, you never keep me in the dark again, no matter what the circumstances. If we're going to do this we need to do it together. Secondly, you make more of an effort to tell me what's going on in that head of yours. I know it's hard for you but if we're going to be in a relationship it's the only way. It's all or nothing…just like it always has been."
John nods, already feeling exhausted at the thought of wrenching himself open again in just two short weeks, but he knows it’s necessary.
"Shh," he murmurs into Sherlock's ear, dropping tiny kisses behind his hair and down his neck. Sherlock whimpers, thrusting back against John in frustration, but John has stilled and refuses to move just yet.
He awakens panicked, the crushing feeling heavier upon his chest than ever, making him feel like he can’t breathe. He hears himself cry out – an awful, inhuman kind of sound – and suddenly Sherlock is before him, hands on John’s shoulders and concern evident on his face even through John’s panic. John forces himself to suck some air into his burning lungs.
“Drew is one of Cambridge’s most gifted rugby player but unfortunately his grades don’t quite follow suite, something that his father is growing more and more impatient with. Just last week he again threatened to cut off his funding if things didn’t improve. Armed with the knowledge that the only way he’d be succeeding in this exam is if he cheated, and knowing that he lacked the technical skills to hack into Soames’ heavily secured computer and files, he approached his good friend Brian for assistance who, despite not needing to cheat due to his above average intelligence and aptitude, reluctantly agreed.”
He trails off and suddenly the whole thing seems too much. Part of him wishes things could just go back to the way they were before all this – before The Fall, before Mary and Rosie and rebuilding 221B. He’s lost so much already, and the thought of losing the person closest to him is more than he can bear. He takes a deep, shaky breath.
Mrs Hudson took another sip of her tea, observing him closely in a way that made him feel exposed and uncomfortable. Is this how he made others feel every time he deduced them?
“Oh it’s my pleasure, John, she’s never a bother,” she says, dismissing his praise with a slight blush and a wave of her hands.
He’d noticed that evening that the chill in the air, which had been present for the past several weeks in London, had become more intense, a thinly veiled promise that winter would once again be upon them before long. They both shed their jackets and shoes and adjourned in the living room, so different from their own but still welcoming and pleasant. They're sitting side by side on the plush sofa and John has just finished shooting off a quick check in text to Molly when Sherlock produces a bottle of whisky.
“Soames wasn’t a complete idiot, in fact he was one of the few people there I actually admired, so I’ve decided to take the case as a personal favour. And besides, we could both use some time away from London. Soak in the fresh air and whatever other dull things people do when they’re away from the big city.”
But after a particularly trying day, John had to finally acknowledge to himself that living in their home in the outskirts of London, what felt like a long way from his support network of friends, just wasn’t working. As much as it pained him to leave the home he and Mary had lived in together, the home in which they became a family, he couldn’t imagine the kind of life he and Rosie would have with Mary’s ghost by their side, ever-present yet never truly with them. Though he had stopped seeing her not long after his breakdown and confession about the text affair, he had to admit that the living situation wasn’t healthy for him or, therefore, for Rosie.
He drops another delicate kiss on his temple, and the fight leaves Sherlock's body as he finally succumbs to his weariness, feeling perfectly safe and content in his lover's embrace.
“What does it matter if we share a bed? No, really. We’re already sharing a flat, a child, every other aspect of our damn lives.”
He keeps up his punishing rhythm, attacking Sherlock’s neck mercilessly as the detective meets his thrusts and moans with abandon.
John huffs out a humourless laugh, running his hand through his hair and behind his neck at the uncomfortable direction their conversation has taken. Now that their new arrangement has finally been put into words, it sounds even more absurd than it did in his head.
He’s sure it’s what Sherlock would conclude and tries not to think about the idea that Sherlock has likely already come to it himself.
John just stared for another long moment, not trusting himself to speak. But finally, Sherlock's unreadable expression drove him to it.
“Not bad, John, I would have hoped you’d get there with a bit less prompting but better late than never I suppose.”
"You two haven't had another one of your rows have you?" she replied, tsk tsk-ing, as she brought the tea over to the table. "You boys, always fighting..."
"And why exactly does he need to be here?" John shot back, already feeling his patience wearing thin.
John raises his eyebrows, a little relieved that at least Sherlock’s nervous state hasn’t rendered him entirely speechless.
Next to him, Sherlock is very still, and John feels his own cheeks turn pink. He focuses on pushing Rosie in the swing, and the little girl giggles with delight.
He doesn’t mean for his words to sound like an accusation, but they do. And he knows he’s not being fair, but he’s tired and his head is a mess and he feels confused as hell right now. Sherlock doesn’t back down, meeting his glare and staring him down. They both ignore Rosie’s soft whinging from her playpen in the corner of the lounge room, the threat of an impending tantrum. Sherlock’s eyes are electric, his cheeks slightly flushed, his hair sticking up at odd angles. Finally, Sherlock addresses him in a tone that sounds calmer than he looks.
John freezes, blindsided by these words for more reasons than one. Sherlock’s cheeks are slightly pink and his demeanour has lost some of the arrogance of a moment ago. John opens his mouth and closes it again, at a complete loss of what to say.
"Sexuality is a complicated thing, John," she had said in her sensible yet reassuring way. "It's not always black and white. In fact, there is a lot of grey area for most people. Just because you find yourself having these feelings towards Sherlock it doesn't mean that you have to label yourself in any particular way. It's entirely possible for people to suddenly find themselves attracted to someone of the same sex even though they never have before and may never again."
Sherlock shakes his head, eyes wide with surprise and arousal, and John tries to ignore the delicious feeling of Sherlock’s cupid bow lips against his palm.
John gets back to work, kissing his way down Sherlock’s throat and chest down to his belly button. He gently nuzzles at the especially soft skin there then licks his way down the trail of fine hair until he’s kneeling in front of Sherlock. Sherlock watches him with fascination, biting his bottom lip to keep himself from making a noise. It’s so god damn hot that John almost gives in and swallows his cock right then and there. But he’s feeling far too sadistic today to give Sherlock what he wants so soon.
"No I don't bloody well know! Sherlock's told me almost nothing of what happened whilst he was away."
John's time at work went slowly and he spent most of it thinking about Sherlock, not that this was anything new. So he was relieved but slightly nervous when the end of his shift finally arrived and he hailed a taxi to take him to the oh-so-familiar flat on Baker Street. He asked the driver to stop part of the way down the street so that he could pick up a nice bottle of red, and as he walked the rest of the length to their old flat he found himself second guessing that decision, his decision to come here, every decision he had made since Sherlock had come back. He firmly told himself to stop thinking so much, to relax, to breathe…this was
Sherlock drew in a sharp breath and gripped John's shoulders hard. John stilled, allowing Sherlock to get used to the sensation.
He was dragged from his thoughts when Sherlock re-entered the room and reached for the bottle of wine, opening it and pouring them both a generous serve. Then he turned to John and handed one glass to him. John accepted it with a "cheers" and took a large sip. He didn't quite know what to say or what to do so he settled for saying nothing, but he felt Sherlock's intense gaze upon him. Just then he noticed Sherlock's violin in its usual case resting on the coffee table, and he had a sudden overwhelming desire to hear Sherlock play again.
His words were spoken casually enough but John could tell that Sherlock was hurt. A sudden rush of empathy for the man flooded through him and he hated himself for it.
“Mmm, I’m awake. I’m evidently exhausted but can’t seem to get to sleep. Too tense, too much going through my mind. It’s quite frustrating,” comes the weary reply.
“Now here’s what’s going to happen,” John says, his tone slipping into the note of military command that he knows drives Sherlock absolutely wild.
John struggles to keep his voice steady and hates himself when he hears the unmistakable tremor within it. He inhales, holds his breath, exhales.
He moved to the small couch and gestured for Sherlock to sit beside him, and they drank their tea in near silence, John still trying to process everything.
“Now, Sherlock,” John barks, then immediately regrets the harshness of his tone as he registers that Sherlock looks slightly taken aback.
“Has it occurred to you that just because you’re finding yourself attracted to him doesn’t mean that you’re gay?”
"This is for you, it's just something small," John had said, pushing a wrapped gift into Sherlock's hands.
He pulls out of Sherlock and flips him roughly, the man's body exhausted and pliant under his hands. Then he's pumping into his own fist once, twice, and shooting across those beautiful cheekbones, over his perfect, partially open lips. A broken moan tears through him at the sight of his lover defiled this way, the force of his orgasm blurring his vision around the edges.
"Then that's something you can worry about if you have to, but honestly, Sherlock, you boys have been through much worse together and survived. I think you owe it to yourselves to give it a chance."
“No,” John says, some of the strength coming back to his voice. “Listen to me, Sherlock, you didn’t fail, you stopped yourself tonight and every other night for the past two weeks and I’m so proud of you.”
Sherlock nodded emphatically, thrusting into John's hand and pulling him in for a passionate kiss. He reached for John's free hand and interlaced John's fingers with his own.
"We'll just take things slowly, see how that goes," John suggested, feeling Sherlock nod against him and kiss his neck lightly.
He felt the other man nod against him, remaining silent, never pausing in his rubbing of John's back. To John it somehow felt like both a minute and an eternity that the two of them stood there, half collapsed against the lounge room wall, clinging to each other as though their lives depended on it, which in a way, they did.
He pulled away to look at Sherlock, who still looked divinely disheveled, and kissed him slowly, softly, trying to reassure him that everything was fine and that he didn't care how long he had to wait, that this was enough. Sherlock responded immediately, deepening the kiss and reaching for John's trousers, unbuttoning and unzipping them, pushing both trousers and shorts aside to free John's hard cock from the strained material. He wrapped his hand around John's hardness and started to stroke and John groaned unrestrainedly into Sherlock's mouth.
“You’ve got my number so do get in touch again soon. I would love to see you again, under more pleasant circumstances, of course.”
John waits for further explanation, but now Sherlock has abandoned his laptop and is furiously tapping away at his phone, apparently under the impression that the matter is settled.
John puts on his best unamused face but secretly he’s looking forward to a chance for them to work on a case, uninterrupted, just the two of them…
And once again their eyes locked, once again the deluge of unspoken words flowed between them and they both looked away, Sherlock reaching for his violin. He played an intense, sad, but hauntingly beautiful piece of music that John didn't recognise, and he wondered if it was another that Sherlock had composed himself. He wanted to close his eyes, to really feel the music, but he couldn't force himself with such an exquisite sight before him. Sherlock's body was relaxed, his arms moving as though the music was simply moving through them, but his face held an indescribable expression of sadness, regret and something else…resolution, perhaps. Wild strands of dark hair fell onto his forehead delicately, his lips were parted ever so slightly, and the soft light of the lamp was highlighting his striking cheekbones and the intricate tendons of his neck in a way that was nothing short of stunning.
Sherlock’s eyes unexpectedly flicker up to his, their pale jade glittering subtly in the subdued light.
"Shh," John soothes again, slamming into him brutally and rapidly beginning to lose control himself. "Give yourself to me, Sherlock."
John sighed and pulled away from Sherlock, wiping at the tears with the sleeve of his jumper. If only it was that simple.
Sherlock took a deep, shuddering breath, and John said nothing for a moment, still haunted by the shadow of his nightmare.
He found that he wanted to sound angry - he wanted to sound furious - yet somehow all he was managing was weary detachment. Sherlock's head snapped up at his tone, his eyes watching him carefully, mind no doubt racing to deduce John's thoughts, trying to understand them, trying to make it okay.
And then of course all that had been ripped away from him as Mary had died in his arms, as he watched the life leave her eyes, a large part of his going with it. Despite everything that followed, Sherlock was infallibly
The two weeks following the news about Eurus had been unequivocally difficult. All John had to compare it to was Sherlock's grief when Irene Adler had “died”. But although some elements were the same – the unending silence, the tangible sorrow – this time he was more like a cyclone and it was all John could do to stay out of the path of destruction. Sherlock had been manic in a way that John had never seen him before, chewing through cases so quickly that John could barely keep them straight. Worryingly, Sherlock had become convinced that every case he took on had a potential link to Eurus or a hint that she was somehow involved. When one case would fail to materialise the evidence he wanted, he would frantically scour his emails and the comments on John’s blog for hours on end for potential leads, and the whole cycle would repeat itself. As much as John wanted to believe Sherlock’s deductions, as much as he usually would, he knew that he couldn’t go along with it this time. Someone needed to be on the outside, making sure they didn't both get sucked into the black hole.
“I guess with today’s situation I can kind of see where you’re coming from,” he says, still thinking of Brian’s unrequited love.
"You know what? Forget it. Forget I said anything. I'm just so glad to have you back. Honestly, Sherlock" he said hurriedly, turning away and awkwardly rubbing the back of his head.
“One of my old Cambridge teachers, Professor Soames, has contacted me to request my assistance. It seems that someone has hacked into his well secured computer and software program, which contained the answers to an upcoming exam. There’s rather a lot at stake given that the top student was to be awarded a sizeable cash scholarship.”
The kettle boils and John pours water into the French press then pulls up a seat, noticing that Sherlock seems uncharacteristically hesitant, as though he’s debating with himself about something. Knowing that he’ll get nowhere if he pushes Sherlock, John flicks open the paper and waits for events to take their inevitable course.
And his heart melted as Sherlock's face transitioned from surprise to relief to what could only be described as delight. But he had more to say before he could truly bask in that perfect expression.
John’s stomach lurches again as he thinks of the horrific treatment Sherlock must have suffered through.
Sherlock remains frozen and seems to be holding his breath. He clears his throat quickly before speaking.
"I have no idea what came over me, I barely even remember what happened. I was out of control, I was-"
But it seemed that his worry was all for naught, because Sherlock so far continued to be nothing short of besotted with the youngest Watson. Her behaviours and cognitive development, the way she absorbed new information and knowledge, seemed to have enraptured him. More than once, John had overheard Sherlock utter “fascinating” under his breath as Sherlock and Rosie played a game or as he showed her something new.
No one could ever say that life with Sherlock Holmes was boring. In the past three weeks, they’d wrapped up a case (which John had typed up in the blog and titled “The Coding Lodger” – named so because the young woman, a web developer who had been in danger and was seeking refuge, had been sending and receiving via imbedded html code on various websites), had been visited by Mycroft (one of his regular updates about Eurus, who Sherlock still visits relatively uneventfully every month or so), and John had chanced a visit down to the basement flat that Sherlock was renting for his messier experiments (a decision he immediately regretted as he tried not to think too deeply about why in the world Sherlock needed that much camphor oil, something horrific about preserving and embalming, he’s sure). So there was all of that…and then there was the fact that occasionally he and Sherlock just so happened to share a bed.
"And all this time Sherlock was gone, you didn't think of helping him? Of going with him? You're his older brother, you're supposed to protect him, for god's sake!"
Sherlock remained silent but stepped towards John, his hand moving to caress the side of John's face, his body moving in to hold him. And John wanted to accept the comfort, wanted nothing more than to reach up and allow Sherlock to capture his lips, to loose himself in the splendor of sensation and emotion. But he couldn't, not right now. He pushed Sherlock away gently, trying to ignore his wounded expression, and headed for the stairs.
Sherlock sighs as John gently kisses down his neck, stroking his chest and teasing his nipples lightly with one hand as he rubs him with the other. Before long Sherlock is moaning and writhing in his arms, finally crying out John's name as he gives into his pleasure and climaxes hard. John strokes him through it, feeling the waves of pleasure radiating from his lover, and draws him into another gloriously tender kiss. He rests his lips at Sherlock's hairline, hand running through his curls. His weight against John is heavy and John can feel his complete exhaustion.
you, John. You make him a whole person. He's let his guard down in a way that I've never seen before and he's gone to the ends of the earth to protect you. I know that he would do it a thousand times over. Don't let it have all been for nothing."
Sherlock’s frustration is growing and John registers that he did do that – though it seems a lifetime ago in some ways – not long after Mary had died and before his confession about his own text affair and subsequent breakdown.
Sherlock looked dazed for a moment as he took in everything that John had said, no doubt processing and analysing it at an alarming speed. John hoped that he hadn't scared him too much with the talk of them being in a relationship. But then Sherlock smiled, leaning in even closer.
“He’s just disappeared! I was giving Rosie her bath and when I came out he was gone. It could have been a good twenty minutes ago,” she continues, clearly aghast.
The luxury car pulls into Baker Street just as the sun is setting over London. It’s been an uneventful trip, with both Sherlock and John still in good spirits even though their time away had been cut short. But as John spies Mycroft waiting patiently at the doorway of 221 he feels his heart sink slightly. There’s something about his demeanour and stance that gives John an awful sense of foreboding, for whilst Mycroft is as utterly composed and immaculately groomed as always, his limbs and very being seemed dragged down by a weight so unmistakable that it might as well be physical. John glances at Sherlock, who judging from his own expression has made similar observations, but neither of them say anything. There’s a sense that whatever awaits them is inevitable and that there’s nothing they can say or do that will change the fact. They get out of the car and collect their bags from the trunk of the car before joining Mycroft at the doorway.
John’s not sure how much time passes, lost in the rhythm of his touch and the silky feel of Sherlock’s skin and hair, but suddenly he hits a wall of exhaustion and knows he has to stop.
“Are you okay sweetheart?” he whispers into Sherlock’s hair, stroking soothing circles onto his back.
“I must say I owe you a debt of gratitude for coming to help me out, it really is a most unfortunate situation.”
“You know what, I can’t do this right now,” John interrupts, snatching his keys up from the side table and pocketing them, but Sherlock’s next words stop him in his tracks.
“You’re the only one I trust. The only one I ever trust like this. In the…in the past I have occasionally opened to people, and it’s always been a mistake. It’s always just reaffirmed what they knew about me already – that I’m a freak.”
John complied immediately, one hand still tangled in Sherlock's hair, the other moving to his hard cock, careful to start his movements off slowly. But before long both of them were practically panting, moaning, cursing, between frenzied kisses.
“I suppose the revelation must have come as something of a surprise to you,” Sherlock is saying, snapping John out of his reverie.
They stay that way for a while, not speaking, John gently carding his fingers through Sherlock's hair, touching him as though he's made of glass, delicate and precious.
John thrusts into him hard, his world crumbling around him at the sight of Sherlock so deliciously undone. He knows Sherlock is desperately close and felt his own climax start to close in around him. He wraps his hand around Sherlock’s cock and it’s more than the other man can take.
John tries to find his voice, something within him too scared to speak, and his heart seems to be beating at three times its normal rate.
John looked down, his breath hitching in his throat, tears pricking his eyes and threatening to fall.
“Are you ready?” John asks roughly, all composure completely shot to hell now with his desire for the man beneath him.
"But the job isn't done yet," Mycroft continued. "Several members of Moriarty's web are still at large. And there is still the matter of clearing Sherlock's name. I was hoping that we would be able to rely on your assistance, John."
"Apologies, Mrs Hudson, won't happen again," Sherlock replied quickly, taking hold of John by his jacket and pulling him insistently towards the stairs.
There’s so much John wants to say, so many questions he wants to ask. His head is still spinning and he feels somewhere between crying and retching. But he knows he has no right – this isn’t about him. With considerable effort he simply nods, not wanting to push Sherlock further.
“I’m alright, Mrs Hudson, it’s only superficial, no need to fuss,” Sherlock replies impatiently, waving her away gently.
"Christ, you're so fucking hot, Sherlock, you're so fucking perfect," he gasps, collapsing spent beside and partially on top of his partner.
John sighs, relieved to hear this even through the small wave of anger that washes over him at this regular invasion of privacy.
“We’re not leaving until tomorrow afternoon, you’ve plenty of time to make the necessary arrangements,” Sherlock replies flippantly, then holds up his phone, where he has the Air B & B app open.
Not long after, John lies in his bed in a half-hearted attempt to get to sleep. He knows it’s futile – his mind is claustrophobic from too many questions, and an overwhelming sense of guilt is pressing upon him from all sides. Suddenly his attacks on Sherlock in the past seem a thousand times worse, and a strong part of him keeps insisting that he’s no different to the monsters who did this to Sherlock. He’s sickened when he remembers how he tackled Sherlock to the ground when he had first reappeared in John’s life…when the wounds would still have been fresh and hurting him.
John switched on the television, wondering what had happened to the rude, stubborn, disagreeable, almost child-like Sherlock Holmes he had dealt with so often during their time at Baker Street. He decided not to question it, at least not right now. For the time being it was enough to just sit close to one another, drinking tea and watching a detective show on the tellie, John simultaneously frustrated and amused by Sherlock's frequent interruptions to enlighten him with little titbits of information that completely ruined the plot. It was just like old times.
“It’s Soames, asking our ETA. I’ve advised him we’ll head there right after we’ve checked into the apartment.”
John grins wickedly and attacks Sherlock’s mouth with his own, wrapping a hand around his throat to move his head into the position he wants. Then his hand is in Sherlock’s hair, his fingers stroking, gathering a fistful of curls. Without warning he tugs, forcing Sherlock’s head back and exposing that incredible neck. Sherlock lets out a cry that’s somewhere between pleasure and pain and thrusts urgently towards John’s body.
It’s become something of a ritual that when Sherlock goes to bed – if he goes to bed – it’s next to John. John’s not even entirely sure how or why or when it happened, just that one night not long after the night he’d found out about Serbia, he’d been just about to drift off and had heard the unmistakable creak of a floorboard near the top of the stairs outside the room he and Rosie shared. His door had been ajar – perhaps an unconscious invitation – and he could see a shadow floating hesitantly beyond the threshold.
“No, there’s no problem. Why would there be a problem? It’s not like everyone doesn’t already think we’re-”
He uses one hand to firmly hold Sherlock’s wrists in place above his head, threading the other into his hair once more. John slides almost all the way out of Sherlock before slamming back in hard. They both groan roughly and John’s mouth again goes to Sherlock’s throat, frantically kissing, licking and nipping at his flesh as his desire starts to build to the point of being unbearable.
He swallows Sherlock’s whimpers with his mouth as he starts to stroke at an agonisingly slow pace, rubbing his thumb across the tip of his cock which is already slick with pre-cum. John can sense how on edge Sherlock already is and knows he won’t last long. He pulls his lips away and buries his face in Sherlock’s hair, kissing his neck lightly.
"I…understand why he did what he did. I understand his motivations behind it, that he wanted me to be safe. I believe that, I really do." He paused, searching for the right words. "But I can't seem to get past the feeling of betrayal, the…disappointment that he didn't trust me with this."
Sherlock's eyes snapped closed and John knew that he was holding back, then he was pulling away, his breath jagged and his voice low.
"I couldn't bear it if something happened to you. So I left. I killed them..." – John's head snapped up at this – "And I wasn't afraid. But now I am. Because I cannot lose you."
Weeks later, at the wedding itself, John had been moved to tears by Sherlock’s speech, interrupted though it was by the need to solve a case and save Major Sholto’s life. He’d pulled Sherlock into a hug without so much as a second thought, acting on an impulsive desire to show the man just how much he appreciated his words and the rare glimpse of Sherlock’s genuine feelings behind them. Although he was marrying Mary and loved her immeasurably, he had never felt closer to Sherlock than at that moment and knew that, as far as matters of the heart were concerned, there were no limits to his love of these two people.
“There’s going to be quite a bit of bruising to this area, so you’ll need to take it easy for a few days,” John instructs, using his professional voice again.
Sherlock said nothing but John heard the poorly concealed sharp intake of breath, felt the tiny nod against him.
“Mycroft,” he explains unnecessarily, “he wants us back in London right away, though won’t say why over the phone. Typical. Probably an issue of national security, knowing him. He’s arranging a nearby car to pick us up from the apartment in half an hour. Do you mind texting him the address whilst I take care of our bill?”
“Sherlock?” he’d said in a loud whisper, not wanting to wake his slumbering daughter. “Is that you?”
"Exactly," Sherlock replied, relieved that she seemed to understand without him having to say everything.
"We chatted for awhile which was all very nice until he casually informed me that he had snipers at the ready trained on you, Mrs Hudson and Lestrade." He paused. "My only three friends in the world, as he so eloquently phrased it."
John nodded hurriedly, struggling to get a handle on his traitorous body whose reactions were betraying him. But then again, he thought, was his mind really coping a lot better? He was reeling, unable to take in a single fragment of the information Sherlock had just given him, letting the swarm of knowledge overwhelm him and take him over despite his better efforts.
“Of course I will,” John replies, excusing himself only briefly to pop to his own room and change into sleepwear.
"John. So good to see you," Mycroft said in his impeccable accent, his voice as smooth and controlled as John had ever heard it, and extended a hand towards John to shake his hand.
And then the intensity kicked up another notch, Sherlock's nimble fingers making quick work of John's shirt buttons and sliding his hands over the skin of John's chest. John moaned softly, his lips recapturing Sherlock's in a passionate, frenzied kiss. Both shirtless now, their hands explored each others bodies freely, fingers grazing nipples and hot lips sliding over warm flesh. John found himself involuntarily grinding against Sherlock's hips, feeling his hardness through his trousers and he reached for the button, wanting more,
Sherlock nods, and John moves to examine the back of his shoulder, carefully testing the tenderness there too. He feels more than sees Sherlock stiffen and go perfectly still.
As he waded through the memories of he and John solving cases together, of arguing and laughing and simply
“No,” John says quickly. He rubs his eyes, struggling to verbalise his thoughts. “I…I can’t. He’s not interested in me in that way…or anyone really, that I’ve ever seen.”
Now his smile was wider, more teasing, and Sherlock found himself grinning back despite himself. At that moment, the rain that had been threatening to fall all day broke through the thick barrier of clouds and sent a spontaneous torrent onto the busy London streets. Sherlock and John didn't so much as glance up, eyes fixed on each other as the people around them scattered, seeking shelter from the sudden downpour.
For what seems an eternity the room is silent, too silent, with the weight of Mycroft’s words hanging heavily in the air. John chances a glance at Sherlock, who looks utterly shell-shocked. It’s John who manages to speak first.
“I hope you don’t mind that I brought Rosie down,” Sherlock says. “You seemed like you could do with the extra sleep.”
, John thinks with a smirk. He’ll take care of that. Without a word he pulls Sherlock to his feet, capturing his lips in an intense kiss. Sherlock makes a small noise of surprise but doesn’t protest, quickly responding to the kiss and wrapping his arms around his lover. John grips him firmly and pulls him towards the couch, leaning him against the arm as he continues to kiss him deeply. Then he pulls away, still not saying a word, and makes quick work of undressing Sherlock so he stands naked before him. As anticipated, Sherlock is already completely erect and visibly aroused at being manhandled in such a way.
John smiles at Rosie’s attempt at Sherlock’s name, a fairly recent addition to her vocabulary that she learned not long after “Dada”.
He gave John a tiny smile and John felt a pang in his heart at the complete vulnerability of the man standing before him. But following just as quickly came a violent spike of the anger that he needed to cope with this situation, and he involuntarily let out a short bark of laughter.
"Hurt?" John cut him off, his tone incredulous, taken aback by this sudden change of pace. "Hurt, Sherlock, doesn't even
"John might be a bit of a romantic and occasionally wear his heart on his sleeve...but he's not silly, Sherlock. He won't expect you to change just because your relationship has. And he won't want you to either, I'd wager," she explained softly, her warm, sincere eyes meeting Sherlock's.
Slowly, John regained enough of a sense of his surroundings to become vaguely aware that Sherlock was handling all of this rather well for someone who neither expressed nor understood emotion. He briefly wondered whether Sherlock's experiences in the past months had caused some kind of fundamental change, or whether perhaps he was just struggling through John's intense fragility because he felt he had no choice. John's breathing slowly returned to something approaching normal but still neither of them moved, wrapped in each other's arms, John's hands still tangled in Sherlock's curls and his mind a swirling mass of confusion. It was a long time before either of them spoke, but finally Sherlock broke the silence in a soft voice that was full of hesitation and fear like John had never heard it before.
– makes his heart throb painfully, though he think he understands and appreciates his reasons. He hopes Sherlock isn’t too sorry that John now knows his secret, or one of them at least. He allows the scene to play over in his mind once more, just as he had a multitude of times the night before as he lay in bed, waiting fruitlessly for sleep to claim him. He feels as though he’s analysed the interaction a thousand times, going over and over it in his head to pick apart his actions. He remembers how his friend’s warm skin had felt under his palm and how Sherlock had seemed to have found some small comfort in the way John had rested it there. He thought of how easily Sherlock had slipped into bed beside him. He couldn’t deny that it had felt nice…new, yet somehow blessedly familiar. Could it be that, just maybe, these small displays of affection were helping them both heal? Could it be that they both needed this?
All in all, though it could have gone worse, it probably hadn’t been the best use of their time. But John finds that he can't bring himself to be even a little bit mad because no sooner had they wrapped things up had Sherlock been suggesting that they don't hurry home and instead stay to enjoy the peace and quiet.
"We've booked the apartment for the weekend after all," he rationalised as John had attempted to pick his jaw up off the floor.
Sherlock hung his head, looking almost as destroyed as John felt, and when he looked back up he strongly suspected that John was falling apart.
"I'm…okay. And I am incredibly relieved that you're back, just in case you didn't get that," John replied, with a slight quirk of his lip.
They’ve just finished devouring a satisfying lunch and are onto their second pint of the afternoon when Sherlock’s phone rings. He extracts it from his blazer and makes a face that leaves little room for interpretation as to the caller.
Then he looked back up and their eyes locked in an unspoken exchange of everything that was between them and everything they weren't saying. John cleared his throat and took a sip of his pint.
“Then you have to consider whether or not it really matters what strangers think of you. You might come to find that the person judging you the most is yourself,” she says gently.
, John had taken to leaving small high energy snacks in his wake in places where Sherlock would find and devour them without really paying too much attention. Getting him to sleep had been a far bigger challenge, and John estimated that his micro sleeps all added up to barely a few hours a day, which as a doctor he knew wasn’t even sustainable in the short-term. Late one night several days into this madness, he’d been on the verge of drugging Sherlock’s tea with sleeping pills, unethical as he knew this was, when there had thankfully been the slightest bit of relief. He’d been lying in bed, unable to sleep from the stress of it all, when he’d heard careful footsteps outside his door. John had kept perfectly silent and still as Sherlock had slowly entered the room and crawled into bed beside him. And he’d so desperately wanted to roll onto his side and hold Sherlock close, tell him that everything would be okay, but he had a strong suspicion that this would only scare Sherlock away. Sherlock was gone before John awoke the next morning – he anticipated Sherlock had slept for maybe four hours, which was nowhere near enough but better than nothing – and neither of them spoke of it that day.
John had done so without hesitation and with only the slightest blush, and Sherlock had easily swept them into a rhythmic pace. As he did his best to keep up with Sherlock’s effortless steps, he couldn’t help but feel a tiny bit lucky that he – and only he – got to see this side of Sherlock. He kept his eyes trained on his and Sherlock’s feet, mind struggling as it willed his body to follow along.
He gasped mid sentence, pulling John somehow even closer as he finally surrendered to his climax, rocking into John's hand and crying out his name as he came hard. John held him close as he fell to pieces, simultaneously aroused and awed to bear witness to the strongest, most in control man he had ever met coming apart in such a spectacular way, and then he was joining him, coming harder than he ever had before, almost screaming Sherlock's name, still grasping Sherlock's hand as his orgasm ripped through him, aware of no one and nothing in the world other than the man he was so deliciously entangled with.
“Listen to me. You’re the most amazing, extraordinary, brilliant, kind, wonderful person I’ve ever met. Anyone who doesn’t take the time to see that is missing out on so much. You’re the best thing that ever happened to me.”
"I love you, Sherlock Holmes," he whispered as his heavy eyelids finally won the battle and drifted closed.
Thankfully, Sherlock seemed determined to do nothing of the sort. And suddenly John realised that he had been wrong— Sherlock was not exactly the same as he had been. There was something indefinably altered about his eyes- it was like he there was some crucial element missing, perhaps a touch of the usual arrogance, John thought.
John had nodded, still finding it difficult to talk about. He hadn't been entirely able to place what the problem was. Was he worried about what other people would think? He didn't think that was it- most people he and Sherlock had met automatically assumed that they were a couple anyway. It happened with such alarming regularity that John had given up correcting them, finding that it bothered him less and less each time. So if he wasn't bothered by that, was he bothered by what he thought of himself? For awhile he had pushed the question deep down, despairing in the fact that he would never be able to truly find out since the one person who invoked those feelings was gone forever. When that hadn't worked he had spent months debating with himself and interrogating his own feelings to the point that by the time Sherlock had reappeared he had almost convinced himself that he had imagined the whole attraction. Almost, but not quite. And then Sherlock had turned up and shattered all pretense into a million broken shards. John's feelings for the man were as strong as ever before and no matter how much he wanted to hate Sherlock, wanted to punish him for what he had put him through, all he could do was gravitate towards him as though some kind of magnetism were drawing him there.
Sherlock looks like he’s been slapped, not managing to hide his surprise at the deeply personal question. He attempts to force his features back into something neutral, but there’s anger licking at the edges of the expressionless mask.
And then John pulled Sherlock's mouth back to his and was touching every bit of Sherlock he could reach, hastily and clumsily unbuttoning the purple shirt and moving the silky fabric aside to feel the perfect, sensuous skin underneath. Then he was trailing kisses down Sherlock's neck, intoxicated by his scent, and dragging his teeth across those too-prominent collar bones. Sherlock moaned in a way that drove John crazy. He couldn't remember ever wanting someone more. He froze, momentarily stunned by the plethora of feelings for this man beneath him- he simultaneously wanted to devour him and never take his eyes off him again. Sherlock noticed John's confusion and reached up to gently stroke his face.
John sat in the familiar, comfortable chair of his therapist's office, clutching a mug of coffee and sipping at its contents as though it were some kind of miracle cure. He needed the caffeine very much after another restless night. He had experienced a great many of those over the past months, but this time it was for an altogether new reason. Nothing made sense to him anymore. It had taken him months to even slightly adjust to a world without Sherlock and now here he was back again?
“Good,” says John shortly, then abruptly tears himself away from Sherlock’s silken skin and reaches into his jacket pocket.
for god's sake. His best friend, his flatmate, his partner. John found himself standing outside 221B, wondering whether he should ring the bell, which had apparently been fixed. It felt strange, but then again so did just walking in. Luckily he was spared the decision when the door swung open in front of him and Sherlock stood in its frame, wearing dark trousers but no jacket and the purple shirt that John had always secretly thought looked far too good on him. They greeted each other, things still noticeably tense between them, and Sherlock lead the way down the familiar hallway to the staircase.
Sherlock nods his acknowledgement but seems reluctant to speak, clearly unsure as to whether he should stay or go. John blows out a long, slow breath.
And he’s burning to ask the question he most desperately wants the answer to – “and how do you feel about
John's breath hitched, caught off guard and ridiculously turned on by the words. He carefully brushed a curl back from Sherlock's face, considering the beautiful man beside him, feeling his vulnerability.
"Well, I forgive you, John. Completely and unreservedly," Sherlock had replied quietly in his low baritone.
John ends the call and leaves his office, barely stopping to grab his own coat, and hastily makes his excuses about a family emergency as he rushes out the clinic. Once outside, he realises that he’s not even sure where he’s going, not sure where to look, his head is spinning and he knows he needs to focus. He forces himself to take a deep, calming breath, then he pulls out his phone again. He tries Sherlock, already knowing he’ll have no luck and gets through to his voicemail once, twice, three times. Then he dials Mycroft’s number and quickly explains the situation, receiving reassurances that Mycroft’s people will find him. John heads off in the direction that he knows a few people within Sherlock’s homeless network can commonly be found, zipping up his coat to the November chill and feeling grateful that the rain has eased off to a light drizzle. He feels like he’s been walking forever when he comes across one of the network who is of no help, then a second, before finding someone who says they saw him heading towards Waterloo Bridge. Heart racing, John picks up the pace to a run, and approaches the underpass of the bridge.
John steps aside to talk to him, but can’t help but observe Soames and Sherlock talking – Sherlock seems to have gotten his confidence back as he rattles off deductions at a mile a minute whilst Soames looks on in admiration. It’s plain as day to John that Soames finds Sherlock beautiful, as many do, and feels not for the first time a strange sense of pride at being associated with such an impressive man. John must admit that Soames is undeniably good looking himself. Though now well into middle age, he’s clearly in remarkable shape, has minimal lines on his face, his hair is cut into a style that looks effortlessly flawless and the streaks of grey suit him in a way that is usually only reserved for ageing movie stars. His eyes are a rich hazel framed with sophisticated spectacles that John is sure cost more than what he earns in a week, and the bespoke three piece suit he wears even more so. His accent is posh and oozes class but it irritates John in way that Sherlock's, and even Mycroft’s, does not. John is also sure that Soames was somehow even more handsome back in his younger days. Realising that his thoughts are straying wildly, John turns his full attention back to Brian and forced himself to focus. There’s something about the young man’s mannerisms that remind him strikingly of Sherlock – he’s not sure if it’s the offhand arrogance, the obvious intelligence and insightfulness or the air of confidence. John places his age at around twenty-three.
John opens his mouth and closes it again, finding that he has no idea how to respond. He’s tired of protesting every time someone makes assumptions about he and Sherlock, and he doesn’t even know the truth anymore.
John turns and pulls back the covers on the other side of the bed and Sherlock climbs in gracefully then lies on his back, tilting his head towards John’s so they’re facing each other in the darkness.
John spent a few minutes thumbing through the pages as he sipped at his tea. He'd already read the book from start to finish, obsessing to the point of seriously considering getting some bees himself, but sometimes he liked to scan through the pictures and read the captions, imagining Sherlock's voice spouting out the streams of information in the self-assured, arrogant way he used to do. It was a pointless distraction but was of some comfort all the same. A knock at the door interrupted John's light daydream and he set down his cup of tea, rose and crossed the length of the small flat to pull the door open. And then every effort he had made to rebuild something of a life suddenly became pointless, suddenly crumbled around him and fell defeated at his feet. Because he couldn't possibly be seeing what, or rather who, he was seeing.
, and it takes John a moment to recognise them for what they are. Then the realisation sinks in, slowly and horribly. A wave of nausea sweeps over John and he closes his eyes against it.
John found himself even more annoyed to recognise that Sherlock was acting nothing like how John remembered him. Where was the strong, defiant, arrogant sod that he had known and...he forced his thoughts away from the word. What had happened to that man? John couldn't help but feel that this whole thing would be easier if he were to reappear.
Sherlock nods against him but doesn’t seem ready to speak. He clings to him, trembling, and John trails soft kisses across his brow and eyelids then on his cheeks.
Sherlock stands, depositing his laptop on the couch, and sweeps past John, phone still in hand. He gets as far as the kitchen before John’s next words stop him.
He kisses Rosie’s chubby little messy cheek and ruffles her soft baby hair, then busies himself with preparing his coffee.
“It will be fine, Sherlock. It was a long time ago, as you said. You’re doing him a favour and can just keep things professional yeah? And I’ll be right there with you.”
He absently changed the channel and quickly skipped past a detective show. He couldn't watch those, not anymore. Not without Sherlock sitting beside him, or curled up in his favourite chair, deducing the characters and motivations and spoiling the 'mystery' before the episode was even ten minutes through. John turned his attention away from the television, leaving it on as background noise, to the book on the coffee table beside him. He had found it on the top of a stack of books on Sherlock's beside table the day after... the fall...and had been unable to part with it ever since. It was a thick, hardcover book on the topic of beekeeping. When John had first found it he couldn't help but snort with laughter at the mental picture it conjured up of Sherlock in bee keeping garb, desperately trying to convince John to let him turn their storage cupboard into a beehive. He might have even let him.
. John feels his face grow hot at the thought but he seems unable to tear his eyes away from the man in front of him.
They eat breakfast together, their funny little dysfunctional family of a kind, as London wakes up around them.
His eyes were closed, but part way through the piece they fluttered open and met John's with an intensity that John wasn't sure how to handle, but neither of them looked away, and Sherlock kept playing and then—
When he was awake he had tried to focus on Rosie – on being the best parent he could be, on relishing the moments of simple joy that she was so blessedly capable of bringing him. It was in his sleep that he couldn’t escape the thoughts that chased him relentlessly and held him captive. Still, John was coping – barely, gradually, painfully – but coping.
Sherlock and John had been forced to start again, this time to literally rebuild the pieces of their shattered lives through the flat they had once shared. When the job was finally done, it seemed inevitable that he and Rosie eventually move in. John had been living in limbo – not willing to let go of his former life but also not willing to move forward. He hadn’t been working, unable or unwilling to put Rosie into care so soon after her mother’s death, opting instead to spend his days with his daughter whilst living off his quickly dwindling savings.
Sherlock pauses, apparently allowing himself a moment as John’s palm remains flat against the space between his shoulder blades.
The thought had occurred to Sherlock that things might be helped by talking to someone about it, seeking advice from someone who knew more about love than he did. Although this theoretically should have been a very long list, he found that when it came to people he knew the list was rather short. Mycroft was even more of an emotional cripple than he was...there was his mother, but no, the thought of talking to her about something so personal had all but caused him to squirm with embarrassment. He felt a similar sense of intense discomfort at the thought of mentioning it to Lestrade, the only other male he knew who he considered to be a friend, not least of which because Lestrade was still struggling with the fact that Sherlock was back and was still clearly guilt ridden over the role he'd been forced to play in the whole thing. So Sherlock had finally come to the conclusion that Mrs Hudson was perhaps his only option. John had gone back to his flat, presumably to attempt to process everything that had happened between them the night before. Sherlock had kissed him goodbye, trying to put as much reassurance into the kiss as possible, and they had agreed to speak again that evening.
John cruelly ceases all movement immediately and Sherlock cries out as though the sudden loss of contact is causing him physical pain. But then John is hastily unfastening the handcuffs around Sherlock’s wrists and pushing the man roughly down onto the couch.
He pauses and turns to push Rosie again, grateful to have a reason not to look at Sherlock as he says this next part.
. Of course, the language is too advanced for the little girl to really understand, and she’s preoccupied with resolutely mashing a piece of biscuit into the tray in front of her, but she seems to be entertained by the sound of Sherlock’s voice.
They stay like that for a long moment, eyes locked and hands linked, interrupted only when Sherlock’s phone buzzes loudly from within his jacket pocket. He starts ever so slightly and reaches for it, breaking their gaze and contact, and is all business once again.
John had cautiously floated the idea of moving back in with Sherlock, who had immediately agreed and had been beyond wonderful throughout the whole process. Though slightly flabbergasted and vaguely wondering what had happened to the sociopath he once knew, John was utterly appreciative of everything Sherlock had done for him and Rosie.
John’s gaze goes from his jacket to Sherlock and back again, so moved by the small but significant gesture that he’s lost for words. He’s horrified to find that a lump has formed in his throat and he clears it quickly, tearing his eyes away from Sherlock’s for fear that he’ll see the emotion that must be clearly visible.
And that had been that. John supposed that any arrangement that encourages Sherlock to sleep through a solid chunk of the night in a proper bed had to be a good thing. But a larger part of him enjoys it for purely selfish reasons: that warm sense of comfort and contentment that he experiences when he’s close to Sherlock, the fact that his usual nightmares have been haunting him less, and when they do they’re less intense. Neither of them have verbalised their new arrangement and there seems to be an understanding between them that any mention would mark the end of it…and John senses that neither one of them wants that. So they go on pretending that it’s perfectly normal for two friends, who are now living and working together as well as raising a child under the same roof, to share a bed some of the time despite having no real reason to do so. But in a strange way, it’s working for them, so John tries not to question it too extensively. It is what it is.
"Yes. Okay, yes. You want to hear me say it, I'll say it. I, John-straight-as-a-plank-Watson, was in love with Sherlock Holmes. Am in love with Sherlock Holmes."
But before he could move away he felt something stop him— Sherlock had caught his arm and was pulling him lightly but forcefully back towards him, and although he couldn't really say how it happened, Sherlock was suddenly kissing him, tenderly, beautifully, softly. John's eyes closed involuntarily, though he was still terrified to close them ever again out of fear that Sherlock would simply vanish, and allowed himself to drown in the kiss. A moment later, Sherlock's hand was coming up to lightly brush John's cheek and his tongue was sliding into John's mouth, his actions less gentle than before. Then, just as things were finally getting interesting, Sherlock broke away, his breathing heavy, and rested his forehead against John's. Then he whispered John's name and suddenly John couldn't be too upset about the loss of contact because it meant that he got to hear his name uttered with such importance by the most amazing man he had ever known.
“No problem,” John replies casually, taking a large gulp of his beer, and Sherlock heads towards the bar to pay.
John had thought furiously once he’d recovered from his embarrassment). But if Sherlock had noticed, as John was sure he had, he said nothing.
He returns Sherlock’s smile but quickly goes back to gazing into the fireplace, lost in his thoughts.
"What do you need?" John asks softly, drawing him closer still and placing a tender kiss on his brow.
"I…became aware of something whilst you were...away. But it's not something I can share with you. Things are complicated enough between us"
"John, do you remember the drug we were exposed to at Dartmoor? The one that made us see what we expected to see…what we most feared?"
Sherlock lay still beneath John, his arms wrapped around him and his mind whirring. What the hell was he going to do? He'd very clearly broken John. Shattered him into a thousand pieces. The man who was unbreakable, the man who had stood up for him fiercely more times than he could count, the man who fought and was willing to die for his country, willing to die for Sherlock. And Sherlock had no idea how he was going to put him back together. Had he already started doing that? He wasn't sure. He wasn't sure about any of this and the uncertainty was foreign and monumentally frustrating- is this how normal people felt all the time? His mind still couldn't process John's confession. John loved him? After everything Sherlock had put him through? He wasn't sure how to take it, didn't have any comparable data to be able to solve this puzzle. He closed his eyes and went to his mind palace, searching for the room that held information about love, not surprised to find it much more sparse than others. Names of famous poets, artists and composers floated through his mind, a plethora of romantic comedy titles he'd seen advertised whose singular plot line he had long since deleted in disgust, that love was a motivator, what he understood to be different kinds of love.
“I do know that he’s never…been with anyone before…but I don’t know the details, or if he’s wanted to or…”
have you even been?" he asked angrily then turned away, running his hands through his hair in frustration.
“Its fine, John. I’m fine. It was…admittedly uncomfortable seeing him again. But if anything, it confirmed how far I’ve come since then,” Sherlock says thoughtfully, and John nods in agreement.
At least he could say his name now without his voice cracking, he had thought. A trivial fact to distract him from the flood of relief he had felt at finally saying the words he had been storing for so long. He hadn't been sure when exactly he'd realised the truth— it had just sort of happened one day and the knowledge had settled upon him with as much certainty as the accuracy of one of Sherlock's deductions, or as the fact that the earth revolves around the sun.
“There was no connection,” he says, and John almost winces at how dead and emotionless his voice sounds.
He gulped in a lungful of air and Sherlock reached across the table to touch his hand soothingly, his eyes full of worry and regret and pity. John pulled his hand away and Sherlock sighed and sat back slightly.
It was awhile before either of them were coherent enough to speak again, doing nothing other than lying languidly in each others arms, softly stroking and ghosting kisses over warm skin.
His answer was more than good enough for John, and he continued unbuttoning Sherlock's trousers then unzipped them and slid his hand inside, lightly stroking Sherlock's impressive erection through the silk of his boxer shorts. Sherlock groaned, pushing his hips towards John's hand.
so long?”. He feels anger lick at his sides again, but for a completely different reason to earlier that night. Sherlock, of course, doesn’t miss his underlying meaning.
“I don’t know what’s changed. Or why. I find myself…watching him. Noticing things more than I used to. Wanting to be…I don’t know…closer to him?”
Having poured himself a large drink of scotch, John settled into his armchair and flicked on the telly. He stared at it blankly for a few moments then, realising that he wasn't paying even the slightest bit of attention, flicked it back off again with a sigh. His mind was racing following that afternoon's therapy session. Would Sherlock ever really learn to be able to express his emotions, his thoughts, anything? Could he learn to open up, to trust John the way John trusted him? He'd thought a lot about these questions but had not been able to come up with any definitive answer. He had the feeling that whatever he decided would have to be the final decision, the final leap into or away from Sherlock's mad world and everything that went along with it.
Mycroft rose from his seat, umbrella handle gripped in his left hand, and approached John with an overly polite smile that made John want to smack him over the head with his own umbrella.
“I wanted to…so badly. I almost did but I thought of you and I stopped myself, somehow. I’m sorry,” Sherlock replies, unable to keep his voice from cracking.
“Honestly, yes, it definitely wasn't what I was expecting. But it’s fine, Sherlock, it’s all fine,” John says, echoing his words from when they met so very long ago.
His voice is stronger now and he’s pulling away, pulling the ruined shirt around himself, hiding the evidence of his past. Though Sherlock doesn’t appear overtly upset, John’s heart aches at the gesture.
Sherlock just hums, not looking up from his work and clearly barely even aware that John is there, and John can’t help but chuckle. He flicks on the kettle and leans against the kitchen bench with his arms folded as he waits for it to boil, letting his eyes linger on his flatmate. Sherlock is standing at the table in the centre of the room, his eyes alert and trained downwards to the paperwork he’s absorbed in. He’s wearing the dark purple shirt today, the one that John can’t help but notice each time he wears it. The shirt fits him particularly snugly and the colour complements his skin tone in a way that John can’t quite place. Tonight, the shirt has been rolled up at the sleeves, the collar left carelessly unbuttoned, exposing what seems like miles of alabaster skin of his impossibly long neck.
Sherlock half choked on the last few words, his throat tight and several large tears escaping from his eyes and rolling down his porcelain face. He didn't bother trying to hide them.
John let it go for the moment, too mentally drained to bother arguing the point. Besides, there was a concern that was pressing on his mind much more urgently. He turned to Mycroft.
He knows he’s not apologising for what he did in the nightmare but isn’t sure if the apology is again for what he’d done to Sherlock or for bringing up what had happened in Serbia, or maybe for both. John lets out an involuntary sound that is somewhere between a sigh and a sob, and Sherlock’s grip on his arms tightens compassionately. He finds himself grasping at Sherlock’s arms around his own. The other man is wearing his blue silk dressing gown over his sleep shirt and pants, and the warmth coming from his skin through the thin fabric is remarkably reassuring.
Given the increase in interest in their work, John had decided to take only a part time GP role with a local clinic, with his morning shift allowing plenty of time in the afternoons and evenings for case work and spending time with his daughter. He’d hired a carer for Rosie – thoroughly investigated and vetted by Sherlock, of course – with Molly and Mrs Hudson insisting that they were also happy to look after her should the need arise.
John feels his fist clench involuntarily but the tension eases slightly at the polite but uninterested smile he gives Soames, whose own charming smile falters in response. John has the distinct feeling he’s not used to being rejected and feels a spike of satisfaction at Sherlock’s small victory. Sherlock turns to him with a more genuine smile.
John’s wedding had been the catalyst for a few more surreal moments. It had allowed John to see a side of Sherlock he hadn’t even known existed – for example, who would have thought that Sherlock was such a skilled dancer? But then of course he was,
"If you're suggesting that I tell him…" he paused "…how I...feel, then no. He wouldn't understand and it would only drive him further away."
going to forgive him because he was his love and his world and his everything. He'd experienced life without Sherlock and he certainly didn't want to do it again. He knew that whilst it wasn't that simple, that's what it came down to. The rest they could work on…and they could do it together. Giving up now just wasn't an option. A minute later he had grabbed his black jacket and was out the door, letting it slam loudly behind him with a satisfying finality.
And then, just a few short months later, Eurus had erupted into their lives, shattering any kind of normalcy that they had succeeded in rebuilding with those around them. His and Sherlock’s relationship wasn’t the only one that suffered as a result. Though Sherlock had explained everything to Molly Hooper, and had apologised sincerely and without reservation, it was only his later actions that would make her finally able to properly forgive him.
Brian doesn’t speak right away, considering these words, then looks up at John and regards him thoughtfully.
Afterwards, they collectively ignore the unholy mess of take away containers and leftovers that cover the coffee table in favour of settling back on the sofa with a whisky apiece.
Then there was the small matter that he was straight, or had always thought of himself as such. He'd never had a reason not to, having never before been interested in another man in that way. Yet here he was, completely driven by an overwhelming passion and desire that he hadn't felt since he was a teenager. He thought back to the conversation he'd had with his therapist one particular day not too long after he'd finally plucked up the courage to admit that he was in love with Sherlock.
John could tell that the other man was exhausted, and he suspected that it wasn't just because of the physical exertion. He wondered, with a note of concern, when Sherlock had last slept.
“That was…just what I needed. Thank you,” Sherlock mutters, sounding beyond tired but far more relaxed.
To his amusement, he had found that Sherlock was also attentive to the monitor and had once come out of the shower in his robe to find Sherlock in his room, patting Rosie’s back to soothe her back to sleep. Sherlock had stiffened slightly when he’d sensed John at the doorway, as though it had suddenly occurred to him that this might be overstepping a boundary, and John had reassured him with a smile that he didn’t mind in the slightest and was very thankful. What John hadn’t said is that it had been like a seeping beam of light in the darkness for him to feel some of the weight lifted from his shoulders as he adjusted to this new life in which he had his support network, a village to help raise his child.
"Mrs Hudson, can I, uh, talk to you about something?" he asked when she opened the door, not sounding remotely like himself even to his own ears.
“What then?” John asks curiously, keen to get to the bottom of Sherlock’s strange behaviour these past few days.
Their eyes lock and John feels a slight shiver at Sherlock’s expression of cold desperation, his own expression a silent plea. He attempts to draw the man closer to him, and for a moment it seems that Sherlock will accept the comfort. But then he’s pushing John away, firmly but not forcefully, his gaze now trained to the floor.
John thinks with a pang about last night and what he had learned about Sherlock’s time in Serbia. That Sherlock hadn’t wanted John to know about it –
"Talk about these trivial things that don't matter. Yes I have a new place. It was too hard to go home. I went there once to get my stuff. I couldn't even go through yours, not really, I let Mrs Hudson take care of that."
Sherlock's favourite bath oils, a calming blend of lavender, vanilla and ylang-ylang. He sinks into the heady water, carefully pulling Sherlock down with him.
"Communication is an vital part of any relationship. I think that a big part of the problems you've been having with Sherlock come down to lack of communication. It's something you would both need work on if you did decide to become involved with him."
At the moment though, there’s a brief respite and things are relatively quiet, despite the lingering discord. Rosie is occupied with a new set of building blocks that John had bought her in an obvious bribe so that he can have some time to himself, Sherlock is researching for an experiment and has spent the last forty five minutes curled up in his chair, entirely engrossed in his laptop and not uttering a word, and John is seizing the blissful peace and finally starting a new book that’s been at the top of his reading list for months. If only there could be more moments like this, he thinks wistfully, like the one early this morning in which he’d awoken when the light in the room was stronger than moonlight but paler than sunlight, the day still fresh and new. When he’d opened his eyes he’d been face to face with Sherlock, both of them on their sides and facing towards each other, their hands mere centimetres apart. He’d observed Sherlock openly, revelling in this rare opportunity to watch him without being judged or deduced, seeing his features just as they were, relaxed and free from the emotionless mask Sherlock often wears or the scorn that had been present this past week in the midst of one of his Dark Moods.
They struggle to their feet and out to the road, taking shelter under a building awning until they can hail a cab. Sherlock is silent for the short trip back to Baker Street, shivering getting the better of him every now and then, allowing John to keep an arm around his shoulder. John shoots a text off to Mycroft explaining that he’s found Sherlock and that he will be with him. Then he calls Mrs Hudson to let her know they’re on their way back and to ask that she please keep Rosie overnight. He has no idea what he’s doing, he’s really just playing it by ear, but he knows that there’s no way he can look after Rosie and Sherlock at the same time this evening. The cab pulls up to 221 and John pays and tips then manages to get them both upstairs. Sherlock is still trembling mildly and hasn’t said a word since they left the bridge, John has followed suite, not wanting to push him too far too soon. He decides again that taking care of Sherlock in a practical way is better than nothing at all. Once they’re inside, John grabs a warm blanket from the linen cupboard and directs Sherlock towards the lounge.
