“What am I doing, then?” John asks, innocently.
John knew it was time to get to class and he really needed to leave but didn’t know what to do. Should he walk out and embarrass this spoiled rich kid in the midst of a domestic issue? Probably not a good idea if he wanted to survive the day. Or should he wait until this person left so he could sneak out unnoticed? Also not good to be late for class and have to be stared at again. Once was enough today.
that?” John demanded.
“Hello?” He didn’t even look at the caller ID in his rush to answer it.
They both stood in the room, neither one knowing what to say next.
in here!” John finally said, heatedly.
“You’re in kidney failure,” John said as he looked to Sherlock, before returning to read it for a third time, as if the result might have updated in the meantime.
Mary laughed gently and touched John’s arm in what looked like sympathy.
“Hey,” he says gently.
“Sherlock, that’s not advisable. It’s not a good idea to start behaving like you’re guilty,” Donovan commented.
He hears footsteps, Sherlock’s brisk walking on the gravel. John forces air into his lungs and straightens. He is still holding onto that plan of not ruining the mood, which seems ridiculous, given what he expects Sherlock to tell him. Keeping his hands busy by making tea, John waits for the sound of the door opening and closing, then Sherlock is behind him, nose pressed into his neck. His arms wrap around John’s body, pulling him close, and John lets himself sink against that broad chest.
he threw it back on the table, a letter addressed to the neighbour (the new postie really was not as good as old Stanley who had retired), and a small padded package. He sat more upright on the couch, turning the package over with interest, but no return address was on the back of it. He wrestled with the flap, firmly stuck down – enough so that he had to get up and find something to help slice it open. He grabbed at his keys on the stand near the door and scrubbed at it roughly, trying to loosen it. The flap gave way so suddenly that the package and his keys fell to the ground and a small memory stick fell out onto the floor. John’s brow creased as he bent over to pick it, and the packaging up, looking inside for any more information. There was nothing else, just the stick. He held it between his fingers, turning it around to see if any labelling or markings would give away what it was for. Still nothing. He collected his keys off the ground and put them back, cursing himself internally for the need to once again be tidy and predictable.
“John, I’d like to help. Let me help,” Sherlock said quietly, as John got closer.
John hugged his arm around Sherlock’s back and put his head against Sherlock’s arm. “All we can do is enjoy the time we have now, okay?”
“If you’re sure you still want us there?” John just needed an extra bit of reassurance.
“John…” Sherlock was so frustrated he couldn’t get on the right foot with John. He couldn’t say what he needed to say.
“What are
“How is it
“I never got the chance to say it… and then you needed a place and I didn’t want to say anything, and have it change things or make you uncomfortable… and I don’t want to make you uncomfortable now… or make you think you have to go. I don’t
. He decided to send something to Sherlock. Just to check in. No harm in checking again, right? Just casually.
Still, Sherlock’s pale and clammy skin was a clear indication that something wasn’t right.
“But in the end, being here… and meeting you…” Sherlock pauses and looks at John, whose face is open and interested and almost… hopeful? But Sherlock knows he needs to let that fantasy go. “Coming here was the best thing I could have done,” he finally says.
John wants to disagree, or make a joke, but then Sherlock starts playing, and every snarky remark dies in his throat.
He hung up the phone and came back out of the bedroom. As he walked slowly closer, he could see Sherlock was sitting very still, very quiet on the couch. John wondered if he had heard any of the call but was impressed to see Sherlock hadn’t made any moves to clean up the papers yet, or to move at all, in fact. He was behaving.
“No, no Sherlock. It’s me. It’s
. There was no guarantee that any of that still stood in Sherlock’s mind after what he had been through. John could only guess at what some of that even was. His own experience of war helped him understand how out of kilter one could feel returning back to the normal civilian world, injured and alone. Except Sherlock wasn’t alone. At least, John hoped he knew that. But it was possible Sherlock had regretted his earlier decisions, the things he had said. John wouldn’t allow himself to think about that yet. The first job was to get Sherlock settled. John closed his eyes tight, to calm himself down, listening to the sound of the running water. When he finally opened his eyes again, Sherlock was already there, standing in the doorway, watching him.
Sherlock smirked, looking back through the mirror but gave him one more sideways glance, observing the blush. It seemed they might both have a bit of a kink for men in uniform. Interesting.
“My grandmother used to make this when I visited. You’ve done very well, it takes a bit of skill,” he compliments again and John blushes as he eats quietly.
John rushed in, excited to tell Sherlock what Molly had shared. He didn’t care if he wasn’t allowed to tell Sherlock details. If Sherlock was guilty, he would already know all of it. And if he was innocent, well he probably knew most of it already anyway, if John was honest with himself. Sherlock was always so many steps ahead. Just once, he wanted to be able to surprise Sherlock, do something on a case that really made Sherlock realise he was valuable. Not just a replacement skull to talk to.
“You think so?”
From the time the last customer – that dashing man – entered the café, to the moment it exploded was a total of only eight minutes.
“Sherlock. What a lovely surprise,” he drawled.
“Yeah, he’s outside having a smoke. I’ll let him know you’re awake,” Mike said as he walked out.
. The one thought that keeps him sane as he steps off the train at Füssen station, making his way to the taxi stands. Deducing she won’t talk too much, he chooses a female driver in her fifties and slumps into the back seat, his small bag on the floor space and his violin resting carefully beside him.
“Yeah, I know how to kick a ball,” John said casually.
“Just weekly check-ups along with his rehab, assessing his progress, deciding on the next level of treatment, any changes to his meds. That sort of thing. It’s been a long recovery process…”
Lestrade stopped momentarily, looked at Sherlock and waited. Sherlock looked around the room nervously, hoping to gleen information from somewhere else other than Lestrade and his face. When Sherlock refused to acknowledge the obviously, he continued, “Yes. Missing person - out at Brighton. Wife with no previous indications, husband was at work - has an alibi. Just disappeared out of thin air. Police can’t make heads nor tails. I said I’d ask the best. Will you take it?”
Sherlock glances over at John, suddenly more uncertain.
“Right. So are we knocking on the door, or breaking in?” Sherlock asked quietly, his voice sounding far too excited by the prospect.
“Why don’t you gents take the car and go to the local in town?” Sherlock suggests, trying to brush over the fact that his trip is going to be shorter than either of them had probably hoped.
“Mycroft and I had a long chat after you left and… we want to give you this,” he says, holding out a small box to John.
” he yelled finally.
“I’m not telling John,” Greg said firmly, giving Mycroft a look as he sat on the end of the bed in defeat.
John gasped in surprise and blushed at the realisation that he had been caught in a private moment. A moment he hadn’t wanted Sherlock to observe. Sherlock was still sopping wet, wrapped in the rug, looking at John with an intensity that sucked the air out his lungs momentarily.
He slowly walked back to John and held the jacket out to him, hoping it would be a peace offering.
“Oh god,” Sherlock said, feeling slightly sick.
“I know, I know. Go with me on this, though,” she said excitedly. “I found an unusual marking on one of the fingers and it took me a while to figure out what had caused it. Like a callus. From using something repeatedly. Like this, see?” she held out her own index finger close to his face and he took a moment to look down, even though he knew what she meant. “I have one on my right index finger from always using scalpels and implements with the bodies. From using them
Excited to find out what my next project will be!
,” he threatened angrily through clenched teeth, after a calming breath to steady the conversation.
“No. God no. Sherlock! You’re amazing,” he said, running a hand along Sherlock’s cheekbone, shaking his head in disbelief still, that he was allowed to be in the same space as this person.
skills,” the manager continues.
“No.” Mycroft didn’t look up.
After lunch at an Italian restaurant, they make their way back home. On the way, Sherlock makes a stop at a supermarket – Mrs. Hudson would never forgive him for such a betrayal if she ever found out. He doesn’t let John see what he’s bought, though. Sweets, probably. He eats too many of those and gets annoyed when John lectures him about his sweet tooth.
“I did,” John grinned, a little satisfied. “Well I was on my crutches, but I still seemed to give him a moment’s pause - defending your honour, and all. Probably not a good first impression though.”
“Both, I suspect. Been sniffing around some unsolved case files and has applied for a posting with MI5, hoping for some forensic pathology work, I think.”
He didn’t
“Hmmm we may have to amputate,” John jokes, in a serious tone.
“Wait! How long?” John called after her.
“No,” Sherlock didn’t dignify it with more detail, or eye contact.
“I thought you’d never ask,” John said, and he crawled down to lie against Sherlock’s chest.
“Oh, I’d say at least a year, but you don’t have to…”
It was frustrating how much he wanted John to like him.
. They hadn’t shared a kiss like this in…
concerned we’ve been very cautious. Last night was the first time we even…” John paused for a moment. “You have me on speaker phone don’t you?” he suddenly said, embarrassed.
“Could it be… physical, though? An illness? Ailment?” he asked, with naïve hope. “Or is it psychological? Have we pushed him too fast with the physical therapy? Not enough support emotionally after the extraction? PTSD?”
John pushed the already partially opened door to the flat with his left shoulder, sucking in a sharp breath from the pain, his face squinting for a moment. He was still bruised from the mission. The left shoulder had taken a particularly hard hit when he had been thrown against a rock wall. He dragged his suitcase in behind him and stood just inside the doorway. He never thought he would be back here.
“Yes?” John prompted.
“What’s the plan?” Sherlock leaned in and whispered into John’s ear, sending a delighted shiver down his neck in the moment, unexpectedly.
with you,” John said, angrily. “But if I
could go back to normal?! That I would be waiting here two years on? As if I should have somehow solved the riddle all on my own!” he said, gesturing wildly.
“Yes.”
“Excellent. And Sherlock? What do you think is happening there?” Mycroft asked, hopeful of some better information.
John – wonderful, brave, tender John – cups his face and starts kissing them away, his words the sweetest caresses as he whispers them against Sherlock’s skin.
“… or I knew you would have expected to come along, which defeated the purpose of hurting you in the first place,” Sherlock finished, his eyes pleading for John to understand.
God he hoped Anderson had got the crew moving this morning. As irritating as he was, he was punctual and meticulous with procedure, and he was always the one to get the body moved out properly. If they had not moved that body and the rest of the items from the crime scene quickly enough, they would be fighting the elements right now. He hoped they had followed his orders.
John squints his eyes against the bright snow outside. His head still hurts a bit, forcing him to look away. He walks to the bathroom and swallows an ibuprofen, before returning to the living room. His coat is lazily thrown over the back of his armchair and his boots are still standing by the door, puddles formed under them as the snow melted overnight. He hadn’t bothered with them when he had come home late last night.
“Right…” Sherlock answered nervously.
The absence of John already made the colour drain from Sherlock’s face in disappointment and worry. “You’re leaving already? Can I at least come?”
“Maybe we just have to be patient. See what time brings?”
to check it, if nothing else. And a part of him still hoped it wasn’t true. It only took him thirty seconds. Donovan bagged the shoe for him and handed him John’s jacket, and he stood for a moment taking in the playground. A place he had spent so much time with Rosie. Would he ever be able to bring her back here again?
Perhaps he had now given Sherlock enough time to try to glean the truth from those files.
“Mycroft, we spoke about this,” Sherlock answers between tightly clenched teeth as the waiter brings the wine to the table and serves it silently, giving him a nod as he leaves.
“Yes, I think so.”
“Is that all that’s bothering you, John? You just seem—” before he can finish, his phone rings from the table, startling them both, but Sherlock doesn’t move. He’ s waiting for John.
I’ve said?” John yelled back at Mycroft.
“You sure you want to do this?” John checks.
Sherlock sat in his lab, it felt like the weight of the world was on his shoulders. This little girl needed justice. In all his years working cases, and seeing bodies, none had ever impacted him like this one. He was irritated that it was causing so much of an issue.
“Your
a watcher, you know. I am perfectly capable of looking after myself!” he crowed finally.
“John… I…” Sherlock’s face looked pained.
“But Mr Holmes said—” the man began.
“Tehrok!” Rosie took her head off John’s chest to call out to him, reaching towards him with her toy in hand. “Bunny!” she said.
“You left again,” Sherlock states, a little angrily.
“I would have… expected to come,” John said quietly, flashing him a guilty look.
Suddenly, Sherlock reacted in alarm to something outside the window. His face lit up and he waved out of the window. John sat up in his chair, watching the screen more closely this time, as Sherlock pulled out his phone and dialled. Sherlock seemed to be talking quite frantically on the phone before getting up onto his knees to lean closer to the glass. He gave the window a bang a couple of times and shouted something in frustration.
know differently,” Sherlock added.
A smile that seems to make John’s heart give a single loud thud in his chest that he sincerely hopes isn’t audible. “I could walk,” he says softly, almost forgetting how to speak for a moment.
“Wait, the network? But we got them all… you… we…” John was trying to piece everything together.
you Sherlock,” Mycroft said, realising just how slow his brother was sometimes. His heart lurched a little at the realisation. His training of his brother’s lack of caring had been perhaps a little too successful.
“There are protocols, training, rules you have to follow. I appreciate your enthusiasm, but it will take time to get you on board,” Donovan interrupted, looking at Mycroft in irritation.
“John,” the voice caught him by surprise and the smile fell from his face.
“I’ll manage,” John replied. “Let’s just get him home first, okay?”
John stopped, stunned. His face dropped, and Greg realised he had hit too close to the bone. He hadn’t intended to lash out. John was just pushing all the right buttons. He was right, though. It did
“At the very least,” John scoffed, emptying his glass, ready for another, before starting to pace again.
“Well get used to it. Apparently, I’m staying,” John said, grinning.
“There’s not a hell of a lot you
“John, if they find me here, I’ll never get them all. They have to think I’m still dead and you’re still mourning, so I have the element of surprise. Don’t you see?”
Sherlock didn’t answer. He took in the body and the room one more time, turning on the spot as he checked his surroundings again, before looking down at his clothes.
Sherlock just smiles quietly at that.
get me clearance. And you aren’t going without me. Not this time. Get the clearance.”
“I’m sure Greg will… make an exception,” John said, giving Greg a side-eye to stay quiet, while he tried his best to negotiate. “You didn’t do this. You don’t
“Yeah me too,” John nodded, looking back out his window.
“Yes.
John shook his hand and looked him square in the eyes with a full military-level threat, to establish that he was ready for anything. Greg would have to watch him closely. John had warned that he was pitching for a battle earlier.
Greg could see that John knew he was in the wrong but was never going to admit to it.
The reply back had been short:
John had said, his voice thick from the wine.
John grabbed Sherlock’s face again. “I’ll be there the whole time, I promise. I’m not letting you out of my sight. Not ever again,” he said, as he pressed his forehead to Sherlock’s. They both smiled, enjoying the new closeness they were allowed.
“I’m sorry, I don’t know what came over me I just… you were just being so… and I just caved. I can’t seem to stop. When you… I thought you didn’t want me. I thought we were over.” He looked at John with sadness.
“Yes, all right, I’m sitting, I’m sitting,” he chastised his stubborn body, grabbing at his back pocket first to fish out the USB stick. He sat, lifting his leg onto the tragic 1970s coffee table, covered in too many scratches and old water rings on the wood. Adjusting the two pathetic excuses for cushions to support his back, he hissed in some air between his teeth, as his leg gave one final twinge, before practically giving an audible sigh of relief at finally being rested.
Thursday 5:37pm
“And I you,” Sherlock fixes him with his eyes. “I don’t think I said that before. But I do.” John’s stomach floods with warmth and his heart jumps in his chest. He uncurls one hand from around his mug to stroke a curl back behind Sherlock’s ear, a gesture that has become a habit already. He loves those curls. He has seen Sherlock on stage, hair all slicked back, tamed, but here, they are let loose, as if Sherlock can let go, be himself in this place. He likes that for him, is proud that he can be part of it.
A thorough inspection of the wounds there revealed nothing alarming. Once Sherlock had been returned onto his back, John went through all of his other injuries, and was both relieved and alarmed to see that it was one of the surgical incisions in his ankle which looked red, angry and inflamed.
than that. For me it was, anyway. But then you left. And yes, it was always exciting - the cases… all of it. And I missed all of that. But that wasn’t the hardest bit. That wasn’t what I really missed when you left. What I grieved.” John swallowed hard. “It was never about the cases for me either.”
“I don’t know what to say to you, Sherlock. I don’t know how to fix this. I don’t know if I’m good enough to solve this… without you.”
“I don’t want you to leave either,” Sherlock answered, opening his eyes.
Standing in the doorway awkwardly, he’s never been so unsure of himself in his life. He feels like there’s something between them, that all he might have to do, particularly after the wine, would be to lean in and John would sink right into a kiss with him, but they’ve both skated so carefully around this topic – relationships and feelings of this type – that he honestly has no idea where John stands on any of it.
,“ James said with a sneer looking John up and down. Sherlock’s heart dropped into his shoes with dread.
“Of course, you can’t. No one can. But now you’re the boy who cried wolf. You kept him in the dark and he lost you, and it broke him. And now you’ve hidden how unwell you were feeling, and here we are.”
you, and
“No, I shouldn’t. I should be heading off and leaving you alone, to your evening…”
“I…” Sherlock’s brow creases in thought. “…you were going to come up after lunch and—”
“You know I thought being in the city would be good – being around so many people would feel more… comforting, or something, I guess. But actually, it’s been so lonely because, well I have no one to really connect with. Maybe enforced isolation somewhere quiet would feel better than being lonely in a big city.” He didn’t expect an answer really. It was a confession he hadn’t even really admitted to himself until that moment.
” John spat at him.
“John what is going on?” Sherlock asks, softening and coming over to him. He places his hands on John’s arms in reassurance. “What’s happening here?”
Sherlock walks off the stage and he is glowing in a way Mycroft has never seen before.
Now that John had a tidy new uniform, he was conforming even more to the popular people and Sherlock’s inadequacies were becoming stronger than ever. John still wanted to know Sherlock was in class and safe, but they both knew the football team wouldn’t look kindly on one of their star players hanging out with the class freak. Or if it wasn’t a conscious decision, they certainly ensured it accidentally, as John followed their lead. Sherlock was used to being the outcast. It didn’t even offend him. If anything, having time sitting back from John only allowed him more time to admire him and take in everything about him unobserved. He was able to pine guilt-free.
he thought to himself, not even bothering to say it aloud anymore. It hurt too much.
not fine. I want you to come here,” he finally said, holding out his arms.
“I can hear the sirens coming now. You’ll be okay,” John reassured him.
“Sind Sie zum ersten Mal hier, mein Lieber?” the old lady beside him asks, touching his knee gently.
“Sorry,” John said gently, as he touched Sherlock’s shoulders, before looking to Mycroft, a little concerned.
“Missing employee with embezzled funds?” John reminded him.
A long bath in hot bubbles is just what John needs to relax and finally talk through everything with Sherlock, filling him in on Harry’s ups and downs. They had talked about it briefly before, but now Sherlock asks lots of questions, hearing about the drinking and the mess of relationship failures that is Harry Watson’s life. Of course, John, being a responsible older brother, always drops everything to run after her, when he can, only to be disappointed, hurt at every turn. Sherlock listens patiently, from the opposite end of the bath, those eyes boring into John intensely.
“It’s not looking good Mycroft, no.” Greg’s voice became more serious and Mycroft’s stomach gave a tumble of sudden dread.
Sherlock shoots him an annoyed glance but follows the instructions.
“How do you know?” John asks, tearing his eyes away from the slowly moving traffic.
“Unexpected,” Mycroft finished, suddenly realising they had spoken at the same time and the word Greg had finished his sentence with was:
“Oh cheers, just a latte, thanks. That’d be lovely,” he said vaguely as he took in the café, allowing his lapel camera to view different angles.
It takes a bit for John to catch up, awkwardly jogging after the taller man. “So, what’s the plan?” he asks when he finally does.
Thursday 8:25am
“Ah no, I can’t stay. If you would… I’d really appreciate it?” he tries again, more sweetly, eyebrows raised and begging.
“I believe I need to thank you,” the manager interrupts him. “For keeping an eye on him… during his hiatus.”
“Sounds like a plan. You coming?” the man with the camera asks.
What was he thinking?
Thursday 5:15pm
“Sherlock, we’re in the middle of class…” John said, embarrassed, trying to show the teacher he was not partaking in this.
“He’s damaged,” James finally let out, watching John closely for a reaction.
A package arrives a week later. John picks it up at Mrs. Hudson’s store, not expecting anything in particular. Inside the package is a compact disc. The cover is simple, with a black background, only interrupted by the strings of a violin. He opens the case and a note falls to the floor. The date on the inside cover reveals that this is not Sherlock’s latest recording – that would be far too quick. No, this one is a couple of years old. John’s face scrunches in confusion as he bends to pick up the note off the floor.
“Don’t worry, I don’t have any excuse and I didn’t do it either. If the teacher calls on you, I’ll pull the football card, say you were helping the coach or whatever. I’ve got your back,” Mike said with the air of a well-practised liar. John could recognise that a mile off, he was well versed in it himself.
“I’ll be fine,” John says, then starts giggling. “I say that like I know what I’m doing. This is my first snow I’ve experienced in ages, and up on a bloody mountain. I’m a Brit. I don’t have a clue how to deal with anything over an inch.”
, he thinks.
The detective moved in smoothly, taking the step with a little hop, his coat swinging dramatically about his legs, and giving Mycroft a moment’s pause on the pavement.
“You went down like a ragdoll. It was a bit scary actually. They couldn’t wake you up. Someone needed to sit with you,” Sarah said matter-of-factly, like anyone would have done the same for her.
to be a doctor?”
he chastised himself internally, before focussing back on the room. He was clearly getting desperate for a shag. He looked back to John, noticing how tense he still was.
“I’m really glad you’re here,” he reassures John when their kiss ends.
“The last one was too religious. Didn’t cope with the implications of the work. I had to… reassign them,” Mycroft said with a sneer.
how I got here,” he whispered loudly.
The young boy looked them all over one at a time, his eyes wild with fear. He was young enough to still have pimply skin, John noted, and he felt a little sick that someone so young would be caught up in such a life changing and awful situation. How did someone find themselves at this point in their life? The father in him felt a little ill at the thought. He hoped that his own neglect of Rosie to follow Sherlock around would not have any impacts on
Experiencing Sherlock’s sheer unbridled beauty, last time, seeing him play with so much passion out the front in the spotlight, that was something so special. Watching him now, even in the prestigious chair of the concertmaster, following the conductor, dutifully participating in the ensemble is heart-breaking. Another violinist plays a concerto tonight – the Korngold – out the front. But John can’t look at her. All he can do is stare at Sherlock, who should be the one playing. Sure enough, Sherlock looks crippled, in his chair in the background, playing the accompaniment, sitting stock still as the soloist shows off. It’s not him, not even a little bit. It’s like all of his light has been snuffed out and John can’t stay to watch it.
Do you now? :)
The man pauses, surprised by the statement and seemingly a bit relieved that he is not being reprimanded for the noise. “Oh, I see.”
I do. Come here you,” John says, pulling Sherlock into a kiss.
“Yes,” John agrees. “He wants to come back – a lot sooner than I had anticipated, unfortunately, which… sort of leaves me stranded.”
Sherlock was suddenly tongue-tied. He had not meant to say that much.
John gave Sherlock back his hand in silence and packed up the first aid kit, standing to put it back under the sink. He turned back a little too quickly, still unsteady on his feet, just as Sherlock was also standing from the table and they collided awkwardly as John’s legs started to give way. Sherlock steadied him and John stepped out of his grip quickly, muttering apologies under his breath and avoiding eye contact, which upset Sherlock.
“Okay, we’ll order in, just… sshhh.”
“Why not? It’s perfectly okay,” Sherlock responded stubbornly.
“Time of death doesn’t match up with that theory, and it looked pretty clean on the footage, sparkling in the light like that,” Greg noted. He was right. The knife sure did sparkle for a moment on the footage. Not a droplet of blood to be seen.
“Hey. I get that you’re upset. That you don’t want to leave him, and you don’t want to take charity. But I’ve gotta say, what you did just now... that was not okay - to take it out on him like that.”
“Sherlock?” he asked, trying to get his attention.
“Sorry?”
The first half of the game went by quickly with the added distraction of Sherlock watching. The team was playing well, they were in the lead and John ran off with great excitement. He went straight to his locker and grabbed his phone to text Sherlock, ignoring the team’s shouts and the coach’s instructions.
As he got closer, he smiled gently at John, only briefly, before bending down to put her on the ground. Like a wind-up toy, she barely touched her feet to the ground before she started running again. The playground nearby was calling to her.
John avoided eye contact and washed his hands at the basin, not dignifying James with the acknowledgment. “I have no problem with that,” he replied.
“John,” he announced.
“Sherlock, he’s your brother. He just wants to make sure you’re ok,” John said in irritation, from beside him. John had sustained a nasty head gash as well as the stab wound and was lying flat on his back – the only position his head didn’t pulsate and spin from the concussion, apparently.
“I am aware of my role,
"I never got… to tell him how much—”
Molly looked nervously between John and Sherlock who were standing in her morgue, the tension between them clear. She was really going to get it from Sherlock for calling John.
It didn’t go unnoticed by John, as he watched and took a sip of his scotch.
“Shit,” he said to himself under his breath as he grabbed his shoes and shoved them on his feet without socks. He pulled roughly at the blanket that had fallen off the end of their bed, tugging it out of its tightly tucked housing, and ran out of his room without a second thought.
“I’ll be up in the lab. He’s sending some evidence around.”
Sherlock smiled to himself, looking down at the mugs waiting on the bench for the kettle to finish boiling. He would have already guessed what Greg was saying… yelling.
“Anyway, I had to pack everything up and I figured, if I’m coming here, to London, I might as well just lock up and head back permanently. So, just like that I packed everything and I booked a train ticket without thinking, so I could bring all my luggage back with me. Didn’t have much. I was aiming to get to Harry first and stay with her.”
“Shall we look through the case notes?” Greg offered, trying to pacify him.
on that front.”
“Everything alright?” John said, as they walked out to the corridor.
“You need information, and we know someone that can get us that,” he said.
“Exactly.”
“Well, there are a few different layers to the meaning,” Sherlock says, buying himself a bit of time. “Firstly, Sehnenfäden are the heartstrings. Not in their proverbial meaning, but in the anatomical one.”
“I was about to go out but… would you like to join me? I was going to walk to the lake,” the stranger offers with a soft smile.
The local traffic authority on site assists Sherlock in detaining the man and moving his car out of the traffic queue. Eventually, both Elias and the police arrive at almost the same moment, the man paling, and finally, both the dog thief and his wife are arrested.
He finally gives the conductor a nod. The whole orchestra settles, and the conductor raises her arms. Every musician is watching, and the moment before any sound begins is enticing and electric. John feels the hairs on the back of his neck stand up to attention, begging for something to happen and it reminds him of the quiet before a battle starts, but this is even more hypnotic. Suddenly the magic begins.
“Of course, thank you,” Sherlock replies, trying to find focus, and John nods before walking out the door quietly to leave him to it.
“Not that I remember. You think
“Yes?” John interrupts, hopeful that Sherlock will make things better.
Sherlock must have snapped out of it and moved with lightening speed and agility, because suddenly his elbow was grabbed and he was swung around to be greeted by Sherlock, crowding into him almost nose to nose. John suddenly couldn’t breathe.
Sherlock made no attempt to hide his pout.
“We?” Sherlock suddenly looked intrigued.
“Yes, I can see that,” Mycroft said with a smirk.
Sherlock sighed, “It is. It
Sherlock’s senses were so dulled now, his breathing very shallow and his head becoming foggy as the drugs took hold. But he thought he could feel the warmth of John’s body, the softness of his jumper against his fingers as he curled his arm around John’s back, the smell of his shampoo near his nose. He could sense John. Of course it was all just a combination of different sensory memories and his brain playing tricks on him, but it was a pleasant way to go.
“Honestly Sherlock, I think you’re just taking the piss now.” John shook his head as he stood up.
John feels the need to go with him and punch his manager right in the face. He would love to see the surprised look that would bring. But that would not give him Sherlock back, would it? So John punches the backrest of his sofa, instead, satisfied at the cracking noise it makes. The pain, too, is a slight distraction. He does it again. And again.
More silence. John suddenly felt sick, and guilty all at once. He shouldn’t be doing this to Sherlock. It wasn’t his place.
“Morning,” a familiar voice said, snapping him out of his daydream. He looked up and there, leaning against the brick wall, was John Watson. As if he had willed him into existence, right in front of him. He couldn’t help smiling. “You’re early,” John said.
“What? What is it John?” Sherlock asked, trying to see what John could see.
his recovery would be faster, smoother. I thought the cases would help him – give him a purpose, you know? And they did. They really did. But he… he’s been a bit distracted lately and then he just… he stormed out after we fought – was missing for hours.”
“Oh, sorry did I…”
“No, Sherlock. No. It’s fine honestly, I’ll just let him know training went late – last one before the game, he’ll take that. You don’t have to worry about me…wait...your driver??”
“You left it beside the door yesterday,” Sherlock says with a gentle smile.
doesn’t get a say now does he?
“Thanks. It’s just… I’ve only just got him back, you know?” John’s sadness started to peek through, his voice cracking a bit and Greg’s heart gave a little squeeze. He knew just how hard it had been for himself, after Sherlock had gone. The guilt, the anger, the bargaining. The utter relief he had felt on realising it had all been some ploy, was overwhelming. He couldn’t even begin to imagine how it had felt for John.
“What are you talking about?” she asked, looking surprised. She seemed so innocent, so unaware.
Of course, walking into the flat, Mycroft is already waiting, sitting in Sherlock’s leather chair, looking pretty pleased with himself. John’s reaction is instant.
“So John,” Mycroft took the conversation over. “Sherlock tells me you’re the star player on the football team. That’s good isn’t it?” John looked over at Sherlock in disbelief, but he still wouldn’t look up. Something in the tone of Mycroft’s question made John think he was being mocked.
“What the…” the boy began, startled, only to be silenced when he saw it was John, his eyes widening.
?” John asked urgently.
But John had already hung up. Molly only had to hope that Sherlock would understand.
“What’s it?”
“If I’d only…”
“What are you thinking? That they’re numbered?” John asked.
have been, if you had bothered to let me know you were alive!” John yelled.
“It’s
“We can mind your coat here at the box office, until the end of the night,” the manager offers to John, signalling for him to remove it, just as the lady comes out of a side door, a black jacket in hand.
“But—”
“Class we have a new student. This is…” he looked across at the new student, with a comical hand gesture, which made Sherlock scoff aloud from the back of the room.
“Or both,” John said.
The man pauses, looking him up and down for a moment, before raising his eyebrow in clear judgement. “Eloquent.”
enough to tell me what was going on with Moriarty. The whole time. I followed him around for days not understanding. And then…he told me he didn’t have friends, he didn’t
Sherlock nodded and let himself smile a little.
“He’s… gone,” Sherlock laments.
to, though. I—”
“John, stop it. I’m very private. I like to keep my private life… private.”
“I’ve never wanted anything more,” Sherlock replied nervously, looking down.
“John, it’s four in the morning. What are you doing?” Mycroft asked calmly. Secretly though, his heart rate had picked up. He was always worried he was one step away from being found out.
“Just…
“Sherlock, this house…”
“I’ll definitely take a look,” John agreed. The excitement stirred in him.
“It’s fine,” he replied, not wanting the bath to distract them now.
“No, I think maybe the boy that delivered my school work last week, dropping me in his fancy car might be pushing my luck, somehow,” he joked.
“A couple of weeks.”
A bit not good yeah. Just John in fine.
“Scotch then?” he returned haughtily.
“Of what?”
“Sorry, what?
ok!!” John yelled, his voice cracking and exposing the hurt more than the anger. Sherlock moved towards him and carefully opted to sit on the floor beside him, placing his hand on top of John’s hand, which was gripping the box so tightly. He was like a wild animal, likely to bolt at any second. Sherlock’s heart was breaking. He knew this feeling. He understood all too well the desire to make pain go away. The battle with that little box. He had lived this too many times before.
“Oh god, are your fingers really insured? I’ve heard of people doing that,” John laments.
was what he had missed. Their little family, as unusual as it might be – a detective, his blogger, and a little girl. But it worked. Somehow it worked.
As if on cue, Sherlock appeared at the edge of the lounge. He was wearing pyjamas with a silk robe over the top. “I heard voices, what’s going on?” he yawned, scruffing at his curls.
knows.”
“Got it.” John nodded.
Sherlock looked at John again finally. And for a brief moment he nearly told him everything. He so desperately needed to tell him everything. But it would be too much for John to bear. It was better this way. The pause between them felt like an age, as John waited hopefully and Sherlock refused to speak.
to know the truth. I would have told you everything upon his death.”
“What is?” he looked up, pausing from his reading, shock painted over his face.
John nodded with pursed lips and let out a loud sigh. Sherlock couldn’t even
“And when I’m on a break from touring, I want to be there more – in Germany. The fresh air, the quiet. It’s done wonders for me. I’ve told Mycroft I want to book some longer breaks into the schedule, between concerts. But I’d like to be able to come home… to
“No, John, I was just leaving. Please come in,” Mycroft said, far too politely, giving his brother a nod, which was far too encoded with meaning between them for John’s liking. Once again, he was out of the loop. “I’ll go and make the arrangements,” he said to Sherlock as he left the room.
“If he’ll let me. He’s pretty wired. Hasn’t said much yet. I thought he might be better with you in the room.”
was the most humiliating thing in my life. My parents had to be all polite and grateful, but really, I know my dad will be fuming when I get home. And you know what that
Sherlock had tried to help where he could, but he could see John was struggling. He wanted to make it better for John. He wanted the happiness he felt, to be useful. He wasn’t sure how to handle the welcome from the team. It had been strange to be accepted by anyone really. It was not something he was used to. After training had finished, he tentatively walked into the change rooms, not sure just how far his welcome pass would really extend, but John was taking too long to come out of there. Most of the other guys had already walked out and thanked Sherlock. He never would have believed he would befriend the footballers at school. His head was still spinning from that.
James checked his nose, finding blood on his hand. He looked at Sherlock and then back to John, without a word, assessing the situation.
“I mean, you’ve picked the best of the litter Sherlock. But you’re essentially a football wife now, just saying,” Mike teased.
The week had been so emotionally trying. He had avoided eye contact and been so angry a lot of the time, so he had not really stopped to just
“Sorry?”
Sherlock smiled at him broadly and they both chuckled, before John opened the door.
“Well, all right then. I think that might be nice. At least for a while?” John offered.
he chastised himself.
His door opened roughly, not long after, and then was closed softly as the scent of John wafted across the bed to him. He loved that smell. John had an aftershave lotion that Sherlock loved, and he always smelled of starch from ironing his clothes so meticulously, added to the unmistakeable smell of the wine – Merlot. A ’98 vintage by the aroma. Mycroft must have picked it out. It took all of his willpower to stay put and not turn and ask John to snuggle up to him on the bed. They could still fix this. Things were always better when John was close by.
“Well, then he needs to learn better defensive skills. I didn’t have to try hard.” John was feisty, even with that much alcohol in his system.
me something… it’s you isn’t it? You’re the one who’s been tampering with my meds,” he suddenly realised. “John told me.”
Sherlock looked at him, indignant, but realised that he had in fact done those things. And he sank down to the ground against the cold tiled wall, legs bent up head hung in shame.
times only to be pulled out of your brother’s pocket covered in blood at the crime scene,” John said in a rush of anger, without taking a breath.
___________________
“Oh Mycroft! I hope you’re not implying what I think you are,” John replied with a sigh.
“… at the lab,” John continued, “with Molly. We’re running a sample again. I didn’t like the first series of results. They can’t be right.”
There is no answer, only a ruffled, seemingly very tired Sherlock flopping down on the sofa heavily, making John worry for a moment, that he might hurt himself. When there isn’t any cursing, John just shrugs to himself and walks to the front door. His guest – his friend – is asleep by the time John manages to put his shoes and coat on. He grabs the spare key to the Holmes house from his key hook and the bag Sherlock dropped by the door earlier, and steps into the cold.
“Susi is missing,” Sherlock answers, face growing more serious now.
“It was a nice surprise,” Sherlock says, resting his plate on his lap.
“Well Rosie, here we are. What shall we do first?” John asked his excited daughter who was jumping up and down on the spot on the grass, waiting to be allowed to go onto the playground area.
…?” Sherlock stumbled. He needed to be clearer. He looked at John for a moment to try and figure him out. He thought that maybe John wanted something more from him too. He certainly
, he thought to himself. It reminded him of his own first impressions of Sherlock, that very first week they met.
“Oh, I’m sure that’s not true,” John blushes modestly.
“Do as I say, Sherlock. Stay here!” he whispered loudly. He handed Sherlock the torch and walked out of the room before Sherlock could argue. Moving down the corridor slowly, toward the other bedroom, he could see the door was ajar, and he edged closer, gun pointing ahead, feeling on edge. Every one of his nerve endings felt like they were buzzing with the adrenaline. Admittedly, he had missed this. He slowly pushed the door open and stepped inside, checking quickly behind the door as well, for any hiding assailant.
,” he pointed at the man frozen on screen again.
“Uhuh,” Sherlock says, leaning forward and concentrating hard, his brow furrowed in seriousness.
“We’ve been on a case, John. You
“I told you, I deduce people. Just like I already know you are estranged from your family, and from London itself, after your service. Clearly your army pension was insufficient to settle there, and you have no family willing to help, nor money to make yourself comfortable. I assume you know the Stamford family from your time studying at Barts. You are an army doctor? You have the hands of a surgeon, and I know their eldest son Mike also studied there. It’s been a while since we’ve visited here, but my brother stays in touch with the family. Mike’s brother keeps an eye on our property while it sits empty too.”
new. Why? Should I know who you are?” John said with a sneer.
“I understand,” Sherlock offers, and John relaxes and smiles at him.
“He knows you’re here, you know,” Mycroft reassured him.
“They lost their dog only a few weeks ago. The holiday was meant as a distraction. And when they saw Susi, she looked just like their dog. They took her – thought they could just smuggle her out of the village. They hid her in their vacation rental. No one noticed,” Sherlock explains before John can ask.
“Nothing.”
“If you could
“Right. So,
“John… I’m sorry I had to leave today. It’s been a bit hectic.”
Mycroft measured the look on John’s face, looked down at the desk and then back at John.
“Mary, what have you done?” he asked again.
Joining the police force academy training program had been an incredibly methodical decision process, as were so many things in John Watson’s life. He was punctilious in how he kept his flat, for starters (despite how run down it was).  How he folded his clothes, and the cleanliness of his kitchen and bathroom were also painstakingly maintained. He had no doubt there were serial killers that were probably not as fastidious as he was in his life. No decision was made without careful thought and research, and far too many mental gymnastics. He was careful in his choice to become a doctor and even more particular in his decision to join the RAMC. His conversations with his sister before taking the posting to Afghanistan were, once again, far too civil and planned. Harry knew it and felt his desertion far too keenly. But John knew it was for the best – for
“Anderson!” Donovan was clearly uncomfortable with the whole conversation.
Mycroft ushered him into a door from the alleyway, and Sherlock followed, not having taken in the location properly. Once inside, they walked quickly up a bland cement staircase, their long legs enabled them both to take it two steps at a time. When they reached the second floor, they entered a corridor from the fire exit door. The ugly off-white floor tiles that had been neglected and drab, faded ice-blue walls screamed police headquarters, but the floor they were on seemed deserted with none of the hustle and bustle of a police headquarters. The fluorescent lights above beamed down on them, hurting Sherlock’s eyes after so long hiding in dark spaces. One of the lights hummed incessantly, creating a sympathetic buzz in his right ear which was driving him to distraction. With his increased nervous heart rate and the sick feeling in his gut, Sherlock was unsettled.
**********
John noticed Greg flush slightly but nod in thanks before walking out at a very fast pace. John placed his glass on the side table.
“Lead the way,” he suggested, with a nod.
“Were you with James?”
This time his voice was a threat. He was exasperated and furious.
understand how it is,” Greg scoffed.
“Are you calling my readers stupid?” John bites at his shoulder, playfully.
“It’s fine, honestly,” John said as he wiped at each of the sites.
– and I put my trust in it. It was a stupid thing to do. And I’m just lashing out at you when I know it’s not your fault. I know that.”
“Oh, I’d
“I shouldn’t really let you,” Lestrade hesitated.
Sherlock looked at John, confused. “You okay?” he asked gently, searching John’s face for a moment, worried suddenly.
James smirked. “John, this is all very sweet, but you can’t always be around him to…”
“Come here,” Sherlock laughed and pulled him in for another kiss. It was short, and he stopped it abruptly, pulling John’s face away for a second. “Just to be clear… I’m
“What do you mean?” Sherlock asked, sounding upset.
Mycroft placed a hand on John’s shoulder, confused. “John—”
“Right,” John nodded nervously. This was not his first new school. They had moved around many times and getting the lay of the land and which radar to fly under was becoming his personal super power. There was always a generous well-meaning good samaritan like Mike to show you around, sometimes because they were good, sometimes because they had an agenda. He knew how school ground politics worked, although admittedly this was the fanciest school he had ever attended, so he imagined the stakes were somehow higher here. He would tread carefully.
“Ah…” John takes some heavy breaths, to try and calm his nerves, before finally opening his eyes to see Sherlock watching him hopefully. “I don’t know what to say.”
“What the fuck is the matter with you, Sherlock?  Hmm?” John shouts as he bangs into Sherlock’s bedroom late on Sunday morning, having just gotten back in town from an achingly uncomfortable car ride home with his furious wife.  He had dropped her off at their house, unpacked, and then came straight to see Sherlock, finding him in his bedroom, sitting at his desk behind his microscope.
John, though, can’t help but be horrified.  “You’re
He never used to be this way.  He had been so self-assured once, so confident.  Now, he finds out a man is ringing up his wife to give her a schedule for a yoga class and he automatically thinks that they are fucking.  He doesn’t want to live his life this way.  He is tired.  So very tired.
“I shouldn’t have eaten that spicy chicken fillet,” he grumbled, turning over onto his side for the hundredth time that night.
. How had he possibly thought that he could go through with having a baby? He couldn’t even put together a bloody crib set! The box said ‘some assembly required’, not ‘you have to have a fucking degree in rocket science’, and he couldn’t even accomplish that.
All the brunette man had to do was make a kiss linger for a second too long, run a hand down the blonde’s thigh, press their bodies together just right in a hug, and John was lost.  Sherlock knew this, and took advantage of every trick he had up his sleeve over the course of his ovulation cycle.
John pulls away to look at Sherlock one more time and glances up to find that the brunet has suddenly turned desperate in between one moment and the next.  His mouth hangs open slightly from the teasing, fleeting touch to his dick which shines brightly in the sunlight now covered with John’s spit.  Sherlock’s pupils have blown and there is only the thinnest ring of that gorgeous colour surrounding a wide, deep blackness.  He pants and squirms beneath John as he reaches out to touch himself, no longer able to keep still for the man.
“I called him when Lestrade told me,” John was saying, leaning in close to him, “and he came right over.  They’re ready to do the surgery, right now.  It’s okay; it’ll all be over soon.”
Mycroft smiles, but the gesture isn’t friendly.  He shows too many teeth and he doesn’t let it reach his eyes.  “Need I remind you, Dr. Watson, that you’re married?”  He speaks slowly, as if John is an idiot who needs reminding of that particular fact.
Sherlock looks so vulnerable, down on his knees in front of John, his head resting on John’s thigh.  As if he is trusting John to take care of him completely.  It breaks John’s heart to see him so submissive, and at the same time it makes his cock twitch with a dark desire.  “Yeah.  I know,” John says with a sad smile.  He moves a hand from the armrest of his chair and brings it back to card his fingers through Sherlock’s wild curls again, then down to run across his soft cheek.
“Yes,” Sherlock tells him, gritting his teeth and pressing his face harder against John’s skin, trying to push himself over but it just isn’t working.
When Lestrade got none, he scoffed and his frown deepened into something that closely resembled a grimace.  “You don’t even care, do you?” he asked Sherlock suddenly, no longer awkward and unsure of the direction of the conversation.  “You don’t even care about what you’re putting him through, going on with this charade.”
“You’re not,” Sherlock interrupted her dispassionately, still walking away. John began to give his usual goodbye to everyone, an apologetic look and small shrug, as Sherlock blew them all off.
Warning: Brief mention of miscarriage
“You obviously don’t want to go home,” Sherlock says blatantly, sparing John a quick glance and then looking off into the distance again.
John pounds on Sherlock’s front door until it opens, Sherlock glaring at the person who dared disturb him during the middle of the night.  It seems that John has caught him on one of his rare sleeping nights—Sherlock’s hair is endearingly messy and his night clothes are adorably rumpled.  He’s wearing John’s rugby jersey and it looks so distractingly cute on his thin body.  The glare Sherlock is shooting his midnight visitor, however, is anything but cute.
It is a yellow rubber ducky; a generic bath product that has some very un-generic features.
Sherlock responded to John by kissing him eagerly back, opening his mouth so that John could taste him and—
John takes full advantage of it.  He pushes Sherlock back against the cushions, laying him down, and runs needy hands across the front of the teen’s trousers, undoing his flies hastily, eager to get inside and feel Sherlock against his skin as he crawls over the brunet, in between his legs.  Together they manage to get Sherlock’s shoes, socks, trousers, and pants off, and his button down shirt hangs open limply across his pale torso.  They divest John of all of his clothes as quickly as possible as well, and the man suddenly curses the fact that they didn’t have the foresight to stop and grab up some lube.
“I know, I’m sorry,” John says, turning his head ever-so-slightly so that he can press a chaste kiss to the corner of Sherlock’s mouth, feeling the tense muscle of his clenched jaw.  He peppers Sherlock’s face with little pecks, tasting salty tears, as his hands slip down the youth’s back to glide sympathetically over his sensitive arse cheeks, feeling the heat coming off of the over-worked skin.
John stared at him for a moment, astonishment turning to anger in an instant.  “Is that what you think, then?” John asked, and Sherlock could see his body tensing in fury against the outline of the fire behind him.  “That I’m just some bloody idiot, someone who you’ve been toying with this whole time, because I give you a good laugh?  So that you can see what ‘normal’ people are really like?”
“Yes, Sherlock,” John answered, truthfully, quietly.  “You have.  We have.  If you really want me to go, then I’ll go.”
“Sorry, I’m sorry,” the boy mumbles, eyes wide, and John hates himself for putting that look on Sherlock’s face.
are.  I know how happy it makes you.”
God, John loves it when Sherlock deduces him.  It is the sexiest fucking thing he has ever experienced.  The teenage genius is right, as usual.  John has always wanted nothing more than to take care of people, in every aspect of his life.  Even in previous sexual relationships, he had always striven to be a generous, considerate lover.  He loves taking care of his partners, but not only does he love it—he gets off on it.
When Lestrade was finally done licking his wounds and had gathered up the courage to give in and call Sherlock and John in on a particularly tough case, the brunette had been more than happy to have something to take his mind off of everything that seemed to be pulling him apart at the seams—but he had not expected for his ‘pregnancy brain’ to be so bad on that particular day that he couldn’t even function properly.
Before they leave, as they are both dancing around each other in the kitchen while gathering keys and donning coats, he accidentally bumps into her when they both try to exit the doorway at the same time.  Normally, it wouldn’t be a big deal, but it is the closest that the two of them have been in months (not counting when they sleep), and it seems strange, so he feels the need to say something.
“As long as I need.  Hope that’s okay?”
He started up a gentle rhythm, slow but deep, wanting Sherlock to feel every bit of him.  It was amazing seeing Sherlock like this, spread out underneath him and panting heavily.  A red flush had come to his skin, staining his pale flesh a pretty pink.  John was surprised by how far the blush stretched, covering his face and creeping down his neck to his chest.  The brunet man looked positively debauched.
John reads for a long time.  After a while, when he comes to a stopping point, he looks down to see Sherlock dozing lightly with his head still on John’s knee.  John smiles at him tenderly, fingers tracing the lines of Sherlock’s maturing face.  Baby fat is swiftly burning away to reveal dangerously-curving cheekbones but there is still enough roundness around the edges to make Sherlock look soft while he sleeps.
John clenches his fists and stays right where he’s at, across the sitting room, feet shoulder width apart, mouth set in a stern line.  “I called him, Sherlock,” he says flatly.  “You’ve been gone for five days.  Where the hell have you
“What?” John asks, confused for a second by Sherlock’s bluntness.  But then he realises what is going on in the next instant; he sometimes still forgets how low the teen’s self-esteem is and how vulnerable Sherlock can be.
“My mind palace,” he repeats.  John knows how much Sherlock hates repeating himself, but he is so relaxed at the moment that he doesn’t even complain about how slow John is being.  “It’s a memorisation technique.  I can access any memory, from any time, by categorising them and storing them into the proper rooms in my mind,” Sherlock explains, looking down calmly at the man lying beside him.  “As long as it’s in my mind palace, I can’t forget anything.  And I don’t want to forget today.”
“ ‘Do us some good’,” Sherlock repeated with a scoff of derision.  “Please.  That’s the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever heard you say, and you come up with some winners.  A bit of time apart will do nothing but remind us of how much we enjoy being away from each other.  I swear, if you were any less intelligent I’d have to water you twice a week.”
He twists against the sheets, John’s head between his thighs, arms and hands and feet and legs constantly moving because his body won’t allow him to stay still and John is trying his best to hold on, to not be thrown off, but it is slowly becoming a moot point.  Whether John is sucking his dick or not, the outcome will be the same, Sherlock knows.
He nods his head silently as if he had been expecting that and continues glancing out the windows, trying to find something that is even vaguely familiar-looking but he can’t.  They have driven to a rather industrial part of the city where there is little else other than huge factories and warehouses.  “Any point in asking where I’m going?” he questions, not getting his hopes up for an answer.
John lets out a nervous, embarrassed chuckle and brings a hand up to rub at the back of his neck, looking away from Sherlock’s piercing eyes boring into him.  “Yeah,” he tells Sherlock truthfully.
His hand tightens around Sherlock’s cock and the boy’s hips jerk up.  A wail escapes Sherlock’s throat but John swallows it, relishing the feel of the vibration against his lips.  He pants against Sherlock’s open mouth as he thrusts into Sherlock’s thigh to the same tempo that he is stroking him.
, for lack of a better word.  But as they are leaving Sherlock brings the whole thing crashing down on John once again, like a bucket of ice cold water being dumped over his head.  All it takes are six little words out of the boy’s mouth and John is on the verge of a panic attack.
Done with his shirt buttons, Sherlock went on to inspect his face in the reflection of the mirror.  The dark circles under his eyes were made all the more prominent-looking by his naturally pale skin and striking ethereal eyes, making him look more tired than he felt, and his fringe was falling limply into his eyes.  He could not wait until he got back to Baker Street and was able to take a proper shower, with some decent water pressure to wash off the feel of the hospital that was currently crawling all over him.
It did not help.
“Yes,” Sherlock moans without a second thought.  “Do it.  I want it.”  Sherlock releases his own cock, leaving the stiff member bare and pulling his hands up over his head so that he is completely spread out for John’s eyes, John’s touch.
Sherlock scoffed indifferently.  “John, as a doctor, you should know that sex at such a late stage in pregnancy has the high potential to induce labor.”  His tone implied that he thought he was having a conversation with a moron and John tried to keep his temper in check.  “It certainly doesn’t mean that your ‘magical cock’ had anything to do with it.”
“It will need to be a secret,” John continues, adding more fuel to the fire that they are burning themselves with.  “You’ll have to be quiet, sweetheart—we don’t want anyone finding out.  Can you do that for me?  Can you be a quiet little mouse for Daddy?”
Beside him he feels Sherlock stirring, and then there is a large, warm hand on his, pulling it away from his face.  “Everybody wants a flame in their life, John, but nobody ever wants to risk getting burned,” Sherlock tells him, voice soft and soothing, and John wants to laugh at the fact that this impetuous child at the table with him is being the reasonable one.  “This is okay, I promise.  I’ve already told you how I feel.  That hasn’t changed.  I want us to do this.  I need it.  I need you.  I need you to save me, John.  Because I can’t do this on my own.  I can’t live this life without you there to protect me, to make it better.  I know that you’re feeling guilty but, truthfully, underneath it all, you don’t seem all that ashamed to me, otherwise you would have left.”  He looks John in the eye, unblinkingly, his stare deep and meaningful and intense.  “I’m not scared of this, and there’s no reason that you should be, either.”
Sighing heavily, he shoots off a quick text to his student, short and terse and inviting no in-depth response:
can be called anything other than ‘making love’.  But he needs to be fucked every once in a while.
, and try as he might to not believe otherwise, deep down he knew that.
.”  With his mouth pressed this close to Sherlock’s body, he can smell the alcohol on his own breath and he cringes when he wonders if Sherlock will think he is drunk.  Sherlock makes no mention of it, though, and John forgets about it in the next moment.
Not really a warning, just letting you know the tag for cute, fluffy pet names finally gets utilized!  I know some people don’t like the use of pet names, but it’s been in the tags since the beginning, so sorry if it’s not your thing.  Chapter title is taken from the song of the same name by the band Blue Foundation.  Chapter beta'd and Brit-picked by Indelible_Ink, but, as always, I picked at it and added more stuff so the mistakes are all mine.  I've been struggling with some personal stuff this week, and it's been really hard to write, although writing is all I want to do, and I'm not happy with the chapter.  But it is what it is :-/  I couldn't pick at it forever.
“I have to go, Sherlock.  Don’t ring me again.  I’ll see you when I get back in town.”
He wanted to, but he knew deep down that he couldn’t.  He had never been that type of person.  Selfish, arrogant, self-centered.  He was all of those things.  He was not one to work on becoming a better person, or trying to be more considerate of other people’s feelings.  He didn’t go out of his way to make others feel as though they were needed, or appreciated, or valued.
“How are things with the missus?” Mike asks when he finally shows up, throwing himself down into a bar stool next to John with a sigh and motioning to the bartender with one hand.  Mike comes here so often that the wizened man behind the counter doesn’t even have to ask what he drinks.  Just pours it and slides it along the bar top to Mike.
From across the room there is the abrupt sound of a metal crash and a sharp gasp.  John looks up quickly to see Sherlock crouched on the floor in the middle of the sitting room, arm held on his thighs with his palm facing upwards, blood dripping steadily down his hands and staining his lap.
Sherlock stares at him as John’s words sink in and the worry lines that are creasing his brow ease slightly.  “But everything else is…adequate?” he asks slowly.
Just as he suspects, Sherlock is beneath the stacked, rickety wooden seats by the field, his skinny arms wrapped around himself as he huddles into his too-thin jacket.  John makes his way across the pitch, the frosted grass crunching beneath his feet and his aluminium crutch.  It is hard to hobble along with two styrofoam cups in one hand, a cane in the other and a stiff leg that is twinging from the cold, but he manages.  When he reaches Sherlock he sees that there is a large, warm looking scarf that is tied around his neck, a deep navy colour, and it brings out the hint of cornflower blue in his eyes, making them less green today.
John rolled his eyes at the man.  “Everything hurts your back.”
He had figured that he could close himself off into his own little world like he usually did, and that when he decided to come back out, things would have fixed themselves, like it normally happened.  But he was starting to realize that things didn’t just fix themselves on their own, in the past—John had fixed them.  John had always fixed them for Sherlock, helped Sherlock, made things better for Sherlock.  Because that was what he did and that was what Sherlock depended on him to do.
John’s chuckle turns into an outright snicker.  He loves Sherlock first thing in the morning; he is so delightfully bedraggled.  It’s precious.  “I know you do, but I need to go back, and I’m not about to leave you here,” he tells the lump of pillow that is Sherlock’s head.  “God knows what kind of trouble you’d get into.”
“He’s right,” John interjected, stepping forward. “We should get bloods from you now. Before it’s too late. Try to find out what’s in your system, a timeline…” he looked towards Greg for approval, agreement, anything. Greg was frozen to the spot, suddenly incapable of making a call. Sherlock turned around again and looked John up and down properly.
“Yes, sorry. I’ll only be a minute,” John snapped out of it, giving Sherlock an apologetic look.
“Yeah well,
“I’d love to.” John said, confidently, interrupting him.
John stood a little straighter, the insult clear, his hand pulsing its little battle tick by his side.
John nodded. Mycroft understood him better than he realised. “So, what then? Is there more?”
“Don’t,” he said firmly. Coldly. Sherlock dropped his hand.
“Yeah, you do that,” John said with a raise of his eyebrows, but he smiled in comradeship as they headed to Greg’s car.
“There,” he pointed to someone in a dark hoody that almost slithered towards Sherlock on the dancefloor. The two of them went about dancing for a moment or two and then the hooded person leaned in and started trying to talk to Sherlock, until hands began moving all over him, and Sherlock was clearly enjoying it. Suddenly, in an unmistakably calculated move, the hooded stranger leaned in, closer, if that was possible, kissing Sherlock’s neck and, while he was distracted by the onslaught, the crowd parted just enough to catch the lights glinting off a silver blade, as it was slipped into Sherlock’s coat pocket.
“I don’t understand,” John said.
“Do you want me to…” John offered his chair, beginning to stand.
“What?” Greg asked, dismissively.
. In his own mind, he had always expected John to be there when he returned. To be at Baker Street, and accepting him with open arms. He had hoped John would’ve solved the puzzle and known the truth already, and they would laugh over a glass of port by the fire one night. How clever they had all been.
As if he had willed him into being, Sherlock suddenly burst through the door to the class, making a loud dramatic entrance. But instead of coming to sit down, he walked to the middle of the front of the room and stood there, looking at John.
“Don’t know, didn’t ask,” Anderson replied, looking at Sally with warning.
Sherlock seemed to realise he had touched a sore point, but it appeared he couldn’t help being stubborn.  “Well that would have defeated the whole purpose of the exercise wouldn’t it?”
, and not me?” Sherlock sulked, without so much as a ‘good morning’. It was reassuring the see Sherlock had some of his temperament back as well.
of it,” Greg said, trying to lighten the mood, but it fell flat.
“I sent her home with one of the other mothers. There’s another family at the school who apparently just lives down our street. We met in the crowd and they’ve taken her home. I said I’d wait for you.”
“See what?” Sherlock was clearly confused, he stood as well to follow, but John turned suddenly, stopping him in his tracks.
Sherlock shook his head to confirm he was perfectly okay with it and before he could be embarrassed about not speaking, he leaned in and took John’s lips for himself, more gently and slowly this time. He wanted to let John know how happy he was.
“It’s okay, I understand,” Sherlock is quick to reply, clearly hoping to keep the peace.
It is there, with John propped up against the bed, that Sherlock opens up to his fingers, rocking against them as their mouths smear kisses against every inch of available skin. Sherlock feels connected to John like this, far more than just the physical level, as if their bodies are slowly melting together, becoming one. He needs something more.
The longer John read the report, the more confounded Sherlock’s expression became.
“No. Not yet. Strange isn’t it? A nice little girl like that? Someone must be missing her.”
Sherlock!” he demanded. “You too, James. I’m assuming that you’re in there too.”
“I actually just came to bring back your book and say thank you,” John said, fishing the book out of his bag as he chewed.
“Well honestly, how could you have missed that? You’ve known Sherlock for years, seen him at his worst. Can you honestly say you didn’t notice how much he’s been changed by John?”
Yes, this is a nice and peaceful place, and staying here has taken a lot of weight off his shoulders: no constant travelling, no Mycroft, no people from his record label annoying him about new, original music. It is no cure for the deep void where his creativity used to reside, though. He had to admit it might have been a naïve notion – a wish – that he could come here and the nature and solitude would bring him back to composing every day, that it would light that spark that had long been dulled by his too long, too successful career.
“He would do the same for me,” John said, flashing an appreciative glance at Mycroft for the show of support.
“Sherlock…”
“As I said,” huffs the blanket fort, unaware of how touched John feels by that. William Sherlock Holmes came here, to the end of the bloody earth, right after a month-long tour: stopping to collect John before trying to find Susi, not that John had really been much help at all.
“Don’t worry, I’ll protect you,” John said, bumping him with his shoulder in encouragement. Sherlock looked slightly green at the thought, and John thought it was adorable.
“I’m gathering that.” Greg chuckled softly.
“This
He huffed at that, knowing he needed to relax. He was always guilty of being too intense. “Cheers, thanks,” he said, taking the cup from her. He managed a quick skull of soft drink, suddenly really thirsty, holding the crutches uncomfortably with his arm pits, still leaning against the wall.
“Don’t mind him, he’s always like that,” Mike said. Sherlock heard it but he couldn’t really get upset by it. Mike was right. He
“It’s the rules,” Anderson said calmly.
“That is, it seems he picked up some…
Sherlock watched John intently, unable to speak, curious to work out how John was able to switch into this caring mode so easily after all those angry words, all the while busily plotting leaving. John was usually one to hold and express a grudge for hours after an argument.
“Is that really necessary?” Sherlock asks, flashing him an annoyed look.
John nods, heart clenching in his chest. “Not tonight. Tonight, I want to just be with you. I want to make love to you and hold you.”
“We have barely even… we’ve only just… I’m not talking about
“Good girl.” And he put it on her carefully, zipping it up. He gave her a kiss on her nose and then she and Bunny were off, running to the slides.
“Now… let me sleep in peace,” John said, relaxing back down, his voice returning to a calmer tone. “Don’t make me confiscate that newspaper.”
,” Sherlock said, his voice dripping with sarcasm.
“I don’t think we have any available, sorry,” she says, taking a moment to glance at John’s attire, and John clears his throat again, straightening the knot of his tie self-consciously.
“Well. You found me. The great Sherlock Holmes does it again.” John said dramatically before turning to look back down at the box.
music. Not that fiddling of yours,” he digs. John can’t defend himself against the pillow that hits him square in the chest.
he thinks to himself
“What do you mean he’s been gone ten hours, Molly?! You’re only just telling me now?!" Sherlock jumped up and was already grabbing his coat from the bench.
“Before she died. I…texted with another woman. We didn’t…nothing happened. But that’s beside the point isn’t it? It was an easy escape. I was cheating on her all the time in my head as well. Mostly because…well it doesn’t matter why. The point is, I was a terrible husband.” He shook his head as he let that sink in. “Sherlock, I’m not as big an idiot as you think. I know, that
“Mmmm?” he stopped, to wait for his orders.
know how much it would hurt,” John said coldly.
“Four-thirty.”
“That’s enough,” Mycroft interjected, and Donovan’s mouth slammed shut. “He doesn’t have full clearance yet.”
Sherlock could tell. He needed to fix this for John. "You should tell him you were out with Sarah. Which you were, right? That would be more acceptable to him, wouldn't it?” Sherlock offered, assuming that would help. John nodded quietly, not saying anything. They sat in silence together for a little bit.
“How are you managing to fit in a date right now? Aren’t you working on the case?”
(“Are you going home?”)
John stood looking at Sherlock, his pulse rising, the heat building from his chest, travelling up his throat and across the back of his skull in prickling excitement. Sherlock was right here in front of him. He looked stunning – the slightly wild hair and eyes actually further accentuated by his extra-pale skin at the moment. Even though the doctor in John could see Sherlock was not himself, and was not at his best,
“John?” Sherlock quipped.
“Let’s not talk about him,” Sherlock was blunt but kept his position, eyes shut.
,” he spat. “Greg already knows all of that – he can fill you in. Just let me do
“Okay Detective Bee and Bunny, thank you for your help,” he said in his official doctor voice before reverting back to parent mode. “Give Daddy the phone now. Why don’t you head back to the slide for a bit? Daddy will come over in a minute,” he said calmly. Without question she grabbed Bunny and ran back to the playground.
“But you aren’t… really. I
“Hi,” John said awkwardly, finally, rocking on his feet slightly.
John had never, in all their time living together, been allowed to spend much – if any – time in Sherlock’s bedroom, let alone to sit
“You won’t,” Sherlock said firmly in reply.
As he loaded up his bag, John could hear voices down the corridor and he couldn’t help wondering who else was still here. He closed his locker, bag on his shoulder and edged his way quietly down the corridor to the corner and peeped around the edge. About halfway down the next corridor, was that boy from class, Sherlock, with another boy he had not seen before. They were standing very close to each other talking in urgent whispers and John definitely felt like he was intruding but he also couldn’t look away. Sherlock was definitely an enigma. Gorgeous in the extreme, a little exotic with the wild hair and pale skin. He was well groomed and wore his uniform crisply. The other boy had his shirt out and his tie off and was nowhere near as clean. Sherlock was taller than the other boy, but there was something almost threatening in the way he spoke to Sherlock which made John’s hair stand on end. He knew all about that, all too well. But at the same time there was something almost sexual in the way they were talking to each other. Perhaps this was a lover’s tiff? John blushed at the feeling that he was observing something very private, and something in his gut he couldn’t quite identify, maybe disappointment? Of course, someone as stunning as Sherlock would be taken already. He began to look away, ready to head out to the bus and stop eavesdropping when the sound of violence made him look back suddenly. The shorter boy had pushed Sherlock’s back into a locker threatening him, the front of his jumper scrunched in his hand. Sherlock surprised by the attack, shrunk down a little bit, his knees bending which only gave the other boy a better height advantage. He had leaned in to Sherlock’s ear super close. John couldn’t tell from this angle if he was whispering in his ear or kissing his neck. Was this just a passionate moment or an assault? Sherlock’s eyes were shut, and John couldn’t quite tell from this distance what was happening. His instincts told him Sherlock needed help though, his senses were very alert.
“I can’t.” Sherlock didn’t even hesitate. It made John angry, but he was so tired. He didn’t have the strength to argue.
“Right, the goal is to walk the street, get some footage of the area – cars, people, surrounding housing, get a sense of the area. We don’t have long,” Donovan directed her people. There were two other agents on site with them, but John didn’t know their names.
He regrets his decision once the door clicks shut behind them, trapping them between the four walls. It’s too tight. He is too close to the man he loves, the man he has confessed his love to in that bloody note. The note Sherlock now holds in his hand. The same man that is also his best friend and that he might now lose, due to his stupid heart.
“You have questions,” Sherlock states, and when they look at each other, they both grin. Smiling makes Sherlock look younger, despite the three chins and those wonderful lines around his mouth. The four months of not seeing him do not seem to matter anymore.
“Yes. Come on, John. I want to show you.” Sherlock steps to the sofa, where he picks up his violin case. “I’ll meet you at the lake in ten minutes.” With a wink and a smile, he disappears through the front door, leaving a baffled John behind.
“Mycroft? Why?” he demanded, becoming impatient.
Ugh class. Boring.
“Well it’s pretty secluded but the locals are charming there – you wouldn’t need to speak German or anything like that. I just thought… if you were after a place to… sorry maybe that’s not what you need.” Mike suddenly blushed and couldn’t look at John, apparently embarrassed for even suggesting it.
“Sherlock?” John asked, confused, as he looked over to Mycroft and the overpriced, overdressed lawyer.
He pointed to an image of the café, frozen on Anderson’s screen. To the man sitting in the front window of the cafe. “
“I see,” the man replies, looking John up and down again, nodding, and watching his reactions closely. John can’t tell for sure, but the man seems to be intrigued by what he’s said, or how he’s said it.
“Sherlock? Where are you?” he asked as he slowly shuffled backwards on his behind, to grab for his gun, without making the movement too obvious to the stranger.
John watches Sherlock carefully for a moment and seems unsure what to say. Sherlock feels guilty for even asking.
John snaps out of his thoughts and gives Sherlock a smile. “Hey.” His voice is husky.
Sherlock is used to waking up in unfamiliar places – touring the world means he has stayed in hotel rooms more often in the past years than he has in his London flat. It hasn’t often happened that he wakes to the sound of bird song, though.
. I thought you were sick of us. I thought this was about Rosie and me, living at Baker Street. Getting in the way of your cases. Of your routine. That we were bothering you too much.”
“Oh great,” Sherlock said, far too brightly.
“Yes I think we all know that about you.”
“Mycroft... what was all that about?” John asked.
“No need to fuss, Mrs Hudson.”
Friday 7:30pm
John blushes in response.
“Yes just
John is very aware of other people around him. The last time he was surrounded by as many strangers was in Munich, and he doesn’t really want to think back to that day. The streets are getting busier, the closer they get to the historic centre. Most people around them seem to be tourists, with their backpacks and cameras. John suspects they are here to see the castles. It isn’t far to Neuschwanstein and Hohenschwangau from the train station, and buses leave regularly. John watches them go in and out of souvenir shops, buying trinkets they will never need. Maybe he really has become old and cynical, and too used to being alone. Maybe this is good, getting out of his little cottage and joining the crowds.
The two of them have worked together a long time, they know the routine. This tour has, thankfully, been a success and audiences have been forgiving of Sherlock’s absences and cancellations. If anything, they managed to sell
He startled at her voice, realising he was not alone.
“It’s not likely, John.”
And with that the man leaves, the dog circling the garden one more time excitedly before following on his heel. John watches them go, his heart hammering in his chest, sweat building at his temples for a moment, before he can muster the strength to walk back to the house. He closes the door and leans against it, panting suddenly, the anxiety unexpectedly taking over his whole body. His fingers become cold and get the familiar tingle of pins and needles, as the blood begins to rush in his ears and he is sure for a moment he might actually pass out.
“Oh god,” John rubbed his hands over his face. “Maybe he cut it out himself?”
Mycroft? I did so enjoy banter with him!” James said with a laugh.
. And I will carry that with me forever. Rosie is my responsibility now. You and Rosie both are. I owe that to Mary… and to
“Where’s your lapdog?” Anderson teased. Lestrade shot him an annoyed look. Sherlock ignored him as usual. He knew Anderson was always jealous that he had not made it to Sherlock’s inner friendship circle even after his dedication and apologies.
“You okay?” he asked, his brow furrowing as he watched Sherlock’s strange routine.
“The t—? John, no.” Mycroft straightened, realising what he was asking. “John, you can’t.”
He swaps his bouquet of flowers for his violin and walks out onto the stage with confidence and swagger. The unexpected appearance of John had propelled him to new playing heights this evening, that surprised even himself. As soon as he steps out with his violin in hand, the crowd roars with excitement again, and Sherlock drops his head and shakes it from side to side, slightly embarrassed and humbled by the attention, unable to help the half grin that forms.
“Sherlock?” Mycroft checked, concerned.
“And I’m not sure if it would have been as successful – my recovery – if I hadn’t been able to spend the time with you, John.”
be there, and I’ll bring my charm,” he grinned, cheekily.
John keeps quiet. There is something sad in his eyes and Sherlock looks away before he can make a deduction. He is not ready to know.
“You were heavily sedated. But I couldn’t… I couldn’t watch you… like
Thursday 5:37pm
The man still hadn’t moved, or spoken, or shown his face. It was unsettling, but the longer he stood there, the more time it gave John to creep slowly backwards, until his gun finally tickled the edge of his fingers and he slowly, very slowly grasped it back intohis hand.
“No, John, that’s not…”
“Shit,” Greg said under his breath. “I’ll have a unit there in ten minutes.”
“And I keep having dreams about it. That you are in danger. That you took my place and fought to take the network down and rescue me. It’s silly, I know. I think I’m just projecting… you know… the guilt that I didn’t take you with me.”
Sherlock felt his chest start to pound with excitement. This was already the longest conversation they had had in two years.
“You’ve just been so irritable and so… I don’t know, absent with Rosie since this case. Everything changed this week. I thought…” John didn’t know whether to finish it. He was still a bit afraid that Sherlock may agree with him. “I thought you wanted us… to go. To move out. That I’d overstayed my welcome.”
“That I’m
To his relief, Sherlock nodded.
“No, I think I should go and face that music myself first. But maybe, this afternoon if you wanted to…come by…” John suggested.
Leaving John behind had been the hardest thing Sherlock had ever had to do.  He had never expected to find someone like John: someone who calmly took on all his faults, all of his rudeness – so deliberately and acutely refined to keep people at a distance. But John was fascinating. Sherlock had been intrigued from the very first day. John had become invaluable to the cases: shining a light for Sherlock; always finding the important elements; teaching him to look at the human side of things. No-one had ever understood what Sherlock needed better than the army doctor. Sherlock hadn’t always been good to John, he knew that. But somehow the man didn’t mind. John was steadfast and faithful and the longer they had lived together, Sherlock had slowly begun to realise how much John really meant to him. Very few people had ever made an impact in his life. Mrs Hudson and Lestrade, of course, had cared for him through some very dark times. Mycroft – while infuriating – had saved him from himself many times. He was smug about it too – annoyingly so. But he couldn’t fault how incredible his brother had been in taking care of all the details and making sure everything went smoothly in his demise. John was safe.
John tries to turn but Sherlock only grips him tighter, not letting him.  He ends up wrenching himself away from Sherlock and turning back to Bill.  The man has struggled to his feet and is glaring at John.  The front of Bill’s dark jacket is covered in blood from where it has poured out of his nose.  The sleeves are black with it, as well.  John can see where he has tried to wipe his face off on them.
He lets one finger dip into the loosened hole and Sherlock releases a relieved little breath, pushing back against John’s touch.  John’s free hand grips his hips to still him, not wanting Sherlock to hurt himself.  “Easy, love,” he says, and Sherlock whines miserably.
Sherlock gasps at a particularly deep prod to the unyielding rim.  “D-drawer.”  He claws at John’s back, heels pressing into the hard surface of the desk and digging into the sides of John’s thighs.
“You shouldn’t be such a twat,” John scolded, finally able to trust himself enough to speak.
“Well, hello to you, too, sweetheart,” John chuckles as he tries to catch his breath around a mouthful of curls.
Sherlock groaned at the reminder of it and shuffled uncomfortably on the cushions of the couch, but he didn’t pull away from John’s hand, or ask the doctor to move.  “It’s been dreadful,” he answered, squeezing his eyes shut at the thought of it.  “Every day I think I’ve vomited myself into death by dehydration, but it just keeps coming.  And the cramping has been getting worse, too.  How do women stand this?”
,” Sherlock whines as he grinds down harder into John’s body.  “I’m still horny.”  He bends over the blond and peppers John’s face with kisses, as if that alone will convince him.
Sherlock shrugs unconcernedly.  “If you would just do everything that I say, then we wouldn’t have these problems.”
He’s not afraid any longer.  He’s not afraid of anything now, not when Sherlock burns like a fire inside of him, reminding him that this is the right thing to do.  Sherlock has given John something to want to fight for.  And he
Sherlock had been a vision as he played the violin.  He had swayed with the music that flowed out of him naturally, and the sounds that he had made the instrument produce had been beautiful and vibrant.  Sherlock’s eyes had been closed and he had looked happy in a way that John had only seen when he was “little”.  He had been stunning.
that his or John’s sperm was superior to anyone else’s but it only made sense to Sherlock that this was as inevitably enhanced as everything else pertaining to the duo.
“Yeah,” Sherlock whimpers as he moves into position, shifting his weight to his legs as he kneels over John’s thighs.  The position brings his hole just above the head of John’s cock, rubbing across it.
“Sherlock, will you stay with me?” he asks against his lover’s lips, face heating up with the beginnings of a blush.  He knows that it’s ridiculous to feel this way—nervous, like some bumbling teenager who is trying to get their first shag—but he can’t help it.  Sherlock turns everything upside down in John’s mind.  He always has.
His hips stutter and he gives one last shove, buries himself deep inside of Sherlock, where he feels warm and protected and safe.  He can feel his cock twitching as he empties himself inside of the boy, his head dropping down to Sherlock’s because he doesn’t have the strength to hold it up any longer.  John kisses him—deep, languorous kisses—and stays buried inside of him, wishing he never had to leave.
Well and truly crazy.
He lets her know he will and drives into town, figuring he can pick up some more nicotine patches for Sherlock while he is out.  When he gets to the shop he parks his car and turns it off, opening the door and getting out.  As he is standing, his mobile goes off and he fumbles for it, looking down at the screen and frowning at what he sees.  An unlisted, blocked number is ringing through.  He has no idea who it could possibly be and so he lets it ring out, thinking that whoever it is might leave a voice message.  He closes his door and begins to walk away, towards the shop, but his mobile starts ringing a second time.  The same ‘Blocked Number’ ID shows up on his screen again.
“Yeah, right.  Edward.”
give him a middle name!”
“You are,” Mycroft answers immediately, inclining his head towards John.  “I think it is very possible that you might just be the making of my brother.”  He pauses and cocks his head to one side, contemplating John for only a moment before finishing, “Or you might make him worse than ever.”
“Tell me why, and count,” John reminds him, bringing a warm hand to rest on Sherlock’s bare arse cheek for a second, cupping his hand around the soft flesh to follow the shape of it—wanting to maximize the impact, Sherlock realizes—before he lifts it up and brings it back down quickly, with no warning.
A soft sound escapes John’s mouth and he pushes Sherlock back down onto the bed and follows him, pressing their lips together harshly because he is afraid that something else, something embarrassing, might claw its way past his throat if his mouth is left unguarded.
The anesthesiologist made quick work of him, administering his spinal block with fast, concise movements that didn’t seem at all affected by the sudden emergency and time constraints.  Sherlock was grateful, at least, for the swift end to the worst of the pain he was feeling.  As the numbness spread over his lower half, he felt as though he were finally able to breathe again, and only then could he focus enough of his attention on what was going on around him to understand what was happening.
John watched him the whole time, reading the letter upside down even as Sherlock read it out loud, and he gave the brunette man the same unbelievable stare that Sherlock was giving him.
John gives the boy a stunned look, astounded that anyone could be so rude to someone they don’t even know, someone who is supposed to be respected in this particular setting.  He is beginning to see why this kid rubs the other teachers the wrong way.  “Now just wait a damn second!” he shouts, forgetting himself for a moment and frowning deeply at the student, angry.  “You can’t talk to me like that, I’m your teacher!  And you don’t know a thing about me so—”
“Yeah.  I don’t—” he stops himself because he is about to say that he doesn’t want to cheat, but that’s exactly what he is doing.  Only he has to remind himself that he is doing it to Mary with Sherlock.  “I don’t have those feelings for her anymore.”  He wonders briefly if he should tell Mike about the other decisions he’s made concerning Mary and his marriage, but that conversation seems a little too deep for a Wednesday night when he only has two beers in him, so he decides to keep his mouth shut for now.
“I guess we’ll need to talk about names, won’t we?” the brunette man agreed, his hand finally giving up the search and moving away from his stomach.  He curled back into himself on the chair and stared at John from across the coffee table.  “Any ideas?”
“Yeah, I’d heard about your little tricks you like to play with people,” McNairn said cautiously, eyeing Sherlock suspiciously from underneath his scraggily eyebrows. “Tearing them down so that you can show them what’s what. But, believe it or not, Mr. Holmes, we are here to help you. We did already, did we not?”
“Trousers,” John pants, and he wonders if he is making any sense at all.  “Do you want to—”
“Is it true that you are pregnant?”
John can’t be too mad at him, though, he thinks as he scrambles off of Sherlock and moves up his body, aligning them so that Sherlock can take John’s prick into his mouth.  They both wind up happy and sated in the end, so John can’t really complain.
He seemed to be pleased with the amount of blood that he had taken from Sherlock, and he began to remove the butterfly needle and tubing attached to the man’s arm as he continued to speak.  “The part of the blastocyst that will develop into the placenta will start producing the pregnancy hormone hCG, human chorionic gonadotropin, which will trigger production of estrogen and progesterone in your body.  In the early stages of male pregnancy these hormones, which will contribute to lots of other things throughout your pregnancy, will line your appendix with the necessary tissue that it needs to be sure the blastocyst implants into the walls of the appendix.  The hormones will also stimulate placental growth. ”
“Shit,” John can’t help but whisper softly, eyes still glued on Sherlock’s face.  Sherlock looks slightly stunned by the fact that John has let him take the game this far, adding to his childlike appearance.  He is breathing heavily, having aroused himself with his own act, and his cheeks are flushed.  He looks away from John suddenly, the blush flaring brightly, and John suddenly realises something.  Despite all of his boldness and teasing, John can tell that Sherlock is merely acting a part; playing a game that he doesn’t really know the rules to.  Ever since that night at the coffee house—when Sherlock rubbed himself awkwardly, desperately, up against John—he has not instigated sex in such a bold, open, wanton way.  John can begin to detect an undercurrent of apprehension and nervousness in Sherlock as the brunet comes to recongise that he has put himself in a position to possibly have his advances rejected.  John can see that Sherlock doesn’t exactly know how to move forward from here.
Finally, Sherlock seems to find them at last.  He opens his mouth a third time, and words manage to come out.  “But you make it better,” he whispers quietly, almost as if he is afraid that John will hear him.  “You make everything quiet, and it doesn’t hurt any more.  You fill up all of that empty space and I know that I’m not alone anymore.  Before you came along, alone was all I had, and I was fine with that.  But now…” he trails off, looking for words again.  “Now, I don’t ever want to be alone again.”
There is a long stretch of silence between them where neither says anything, and Sherlock doesn’t move.  He simply lets John’s cock sit in his mouth and stares up at John from his knees, face blank and open.  And then he pulls away slowly, gently, twirling his tongue around the head as he goes.  When his mouth is no longer occupied, he simply says, “Fuck me.  Right now, I’m asking you to fuck me.”
He doesn’t know how to function without Sherlock anymore, and he has never felt more broken in his life than he does at this moment.  And he knows that he doesn’t want to feel like this this ever again, so he will do whatever he needs to make this feeling go away.
He leans forward and kisses Sherlock, ravishing his mouth as Sherlock tries to keep pace with him, their lips smearing messily together.  Sherlock is so out of his mind with arousal, though, that he is failing to match John’s kisses in the most adorable way, his mouth finally just falling open to let John take over completely.  Sherlock reaches out with his hands to try to take a hold of John’s cock, but John simply moves away, breaking their kiss and pulling his cock out of Sherlock’s plaintive grip.
Sherlock whines and cringes at the harsh grip John has around his dick, trying to buck up into the grasp nonetheless.
Sherlock complies, working his tongue around the top half of John’s cock, sucking and licking in earnest now that he has a more manageable portion to deal with.  His uninjured hand comes back to stroke the rest of John’s cock that isn’t in his mouth.  John’s head falls back against the back of his chair, eyes squeezed shut.  He can feel his orgasm building up inside of him, a dull ache from days of getting no release, from an entire evening of being teased, from hours of being aroused, ever since he first got home and saw his gorgeous little lover.
“Yes, all right,” John agrees, petting Sherlock’s bare arse.  The detective goes limp across his lap in relief.
“I love you too, baby,” John answers back, a warm sting coming into the corners of his eyes.  He blinks it away before any tears can form, though, and smiles down at Sherlock.  Sherlock smiles back at him, and it is so bright and brilliant that it looks like a different kind of smile than what he usually gives John.  It makes John freeze in place above him, and John’s heart stutters in his chest at the look on Sherlock’s face.  He doesn’t even begin to know what to do with a smile like that.  No one has smiled at John that way in years, and it is the most beautiful thing John thinks he’s ever seen.  His chest clenches up and his breath catches in his lungs.  He thinks that he has to be the luckiest man alive, to have a smile like that directed at him.
He pulls his fingers out of Sherlock, intent on filling him again, but Sherlock gasps at the sudden loss, the emptiness inside of him, and John just has to put his mouth against Sherlock’s.  John has to kiss him, has to hold him, because that sound is so heart-breaking, so despondent, that John just wants to embrace him and let him know that everything is okay, everything will be okay soon.
“It’s not
It was not the words Sherlock had been expecting, John could tell, and he pulled away from the blonde man as best he could in the close confines of the couch, turning his head back to look at the other man in shock.  “John!” he said, voice hurt and full of disbelief.
John thinks it is the most amazing thing ever, to get to hear Sherlock’s little hitching, huffing cries of pleasure perfectly timed with the gentle jerks of John’s hand and the thrust of his cock as Sherlock’s orgasm takes control of his body.  On the sides of John’s belly, Sherlock’s fingers are holding tightly, having clamped down on him at the start of his orgasm.  Now, Sherlock grips him harshly as he continues to make tiny little movements on John’s cock, milking out the last of his orgasm with no suggestion of control or dignity any longer, only need and pleasure.  It’s the most arousing, endearing thing John has seen, and his heart flutters at the sight of it.
!  But he knew that the doctor was weary and wary, and, despite everything going on in the world outside this building, he was being as accommodating to Sherlock as he could be at the moment.
As his vision began to focus a bit more and he took a closer look at his surroundings, he saw that his assumption had been correct.  He was in a private room, with his own bath and a single fold out couch that John was ignoring in favor of falling asleep sitting upright in an uncomfortable looking chair, feet propped carefully at the foot of Sherlock’s bed so that they didn’t tug on his…
yes,” Sherlock says before he can stop himself.  He can feel his cock getting hard in his trousers already and John hasn’t even done anything to him.  He marvels at it for a moment before John pushes all other thoughts out of his mind, leaving it blissfully blank.
Not that he had ever minded either of those things. No, just the opposite, in fact. He loved a good story about a breakthrough in the field of science or medicine, or a good riddle about a new problem that had cropped up and stumped all of the experts.
John didn’t know what to say. It was strange to have someone be concerned of his emotions—he was so used to Sherlock pushing them aside just like he pushed aside everything else that did not pertain to himself.
His silence is answer enough, though.
No, something was wrong.  He knew it.
should have had more resolve to say no when Greg had asked to kiss him,
John moans at the feel of Sherlock in his hand, at the unbelievably arousing sound of him, and grips him harder, pressing himself against Sherlock’s leg to relieve some of the pressure on his own cock.  John drags his hand down Sherlock, from base to tip, smearing precome and lube, and notes Sherlock’s intense reaction to his touch, the curly head thrown back against the pillow, the eyes squeezed shut, the teeth clenched.  Sherlock’s hips are straining forward, trying to thrust into John’s grip but not knowing if that is allowed.  His thighs are quivering and the muscles in his belly are clenching and flexing.  Sensitive.  He’s so incredibly sensitive to everything John does to him.  John leans back slightly so that he can start a steady rhythm of stroking with one hand, no more teasing, while his other dips down to gently cup Sherlock’s balls, his fingers snaking farther to lightly massage the sensitive area behind them teasingly for only a moment before lifting back up to cup them again.
He won’t.
He can feel Sherlock bring shaky fingers across his chest to the buttons of his shirt and John follows his lead, follows wherever Sherlock wants to go, and he tugs at the brunet’s faded tee.  It slips easily over Sherlock’s head with no resistance from the body underneath it, and once it is gone John can’t get rid of the rest of Sherlock’s clothes fast enough.
"I’m talking real, proper, “follow you off a cliff”…or the bloody roof of St Barts for that matter, insane love. I can’t come back to Baker Street with Rosie because it doesn’t mean what you think it means. Not to me. That letter didn’t mean what you think it means. I don’t hate you.
“No,” John agreed with a nod.
“You don’t have to do
“Thank you for dinner. It was lovely,” he said, as he grabbed his crutches to head out of the room. He grabbed his bag from near the door - where they had placed it on their way to dinner - and let himself out, ready to leave. It occurred to him that he had no way of getting home, without their driver, and he would have to go back in and ask for help, embarrassingly.
What do you mean?
“John, honestly I think that’s the first time in months you’ve been yourself. Come home. Let me look after you both. I promise to be the very best. No experiments with body parts – well obviously I would clean this one up before you moved in. I would be on my very best behaviour for Rosie. Please let me?” Sherlock sat in the chair next to him again to be on the same level, in the hopes that eye contact would entice him.
Sherlock dropped the file out of his hands and repositioned John’s arms to get a better grip. They forgot all about their tea as their lips locked together in a passionate battle of wills. They had got rather good at it in the months that followed their declarations, and it was one of the only things that could make Sherlock sit still and direct his full attention to a single thing. Living together was more than either of them could have ever hoped for and taking a step further in their relationship filled them both with such joy. This was exactly where they wanted to be, and nothing would come between them now. Nothing.
“Right? I said the same thing to John,” Greg lamented.
“Thank you,” John says kindly before moving quickly out of the theatre, out into the night.
But somewhere deep inside him James’ words were still ringing in his ears.
“It was that boy wasn’t it? I saw him. The one that came to the house.”
For the whole first lesson, Sherlock didn’t listen to a word. Nothing sank in at all. All he could picture was John’s face. He had looked so pathetic. Like he had already given up. This could not be happening when they had finally found something good. When they had a short amount of time left together and were supposed to be making the most of it.
victim, had only one dot, so I missed it the first time around. But… same size, same colour, same location,” Molly said, placing a photograph on the bench in front of John, showing the tattoos on their wrists.
“I just… I can’t let you do it,” John says, shaking his head.
John got up again and walked over to the paper, pointing at it. “The tattoos don’t look complete on their own because each of them is a piece of the cross. An arm. Each of our victims had one piece of the cross placed on a different part of their body. But the bell shape with the triad symbol inside?”
“That’s not helping,” John admonished. “And I’ve seen plenty of bad bits, don’t you worry. But I know that underneath that exterior you show to the world, at your
“In a couple of days, probably. Possibly even tomorrow night, if we get enough recording done in the morning.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock kisses her cheek. “It’s a surprise.” He nods at John, who is stretching to get to the peas, jumper pulling up to reveal a stripe of golden skin. John is more attractive in this situation, standing up on his tiptoes, than he should be. But then, Sherlock is biased.
“What? No!” Sherlock looked at him in shock, before looking back at the ground embarrassed.
The final blow is neither kind nor gentle, and Sherlock cries out in shock as John’s strong hand connects with his slightly sore bottom.
John just sits there, speechless.  Mike seems to always have a way of bringing up John’s most secret fears and worries about Sherlock.  First it was whether or not Sherlock was going to want to keep an old man like John around after graduation—and that question had thankfully been cleared up.  But now there is this issue that has secretly been nibbling away at the back of John’s mind.  He already knows that he isn’t able to keep up with Sherlock sexually—the Viagra has proved its usefulness in that respect already.  But sex is only a portion of the relationship.  John’s twenty year age difference is bound to have an effect on their interests sometime later on down the road, no matter what Sherlock says to reassure him about it now.  Once again the horrible thought comes unbidden to John’s mind that Sherlock will end up leaving him behind, because John can’t keep up with all the different, ever-changing aspects of Sherlock’s personality.
“I know, Greg, but…that’s the choice I made when I fell in love with him,” John replied, shrugging his shoulders hopelessly, shaking his head.  He sighed heavily and flopped down onto Greg’s sofa, groaning into his hands.  “God, this has turned into a real mess, hasn’t it?”
Sherlock gave a small nod of his head, in approval.  He brought his hands up to rest his fingers in a steeple in front of his mouth, in what John liked to teasingly call his ‘thinking face’.  “Callum Watson,” he repeated lowly, a far off look in his eyes.
John heaves a fake, put-upon sigh and moves off of the bed and to Sherlock’s side to help him get underneath the sheets, heedless of his own semi-nakedness and the erection that seems to be slowly subsiding.  Just because he does happen to love taking care of Sherlock doesn’t mean that he has to let the spoiled brat
“Of course I’m blaming myself,” John responded, knowing it was pointless to try to hide it from the deductive thinker.  “I wasn’t there, Sherlock.  I told you I would keep you safe, and I didn’t.  I’m sorry.”
, have considered ever doing anything like this.  To his wife, to a student, to
Sherlock makes a soft sound against John’s neck that might be a sob of relief and tries to shift closer to John.  The man finally relents, without a second thought now, and budges up on the bed, making room for Sherlock to lie comfortably next to him.
John is tired and freezing cold as he walks up to the Tesco a few blocks from Baker Street on his way home from the surgery.  He has had to work every day for the past week and he had to cover the last half of Sarah’s shift today, taking on her patients as well as his own and making it indecently late in the evening by the time he left the office—the height of rush hour.  He wraps his light jacket around himself tighter, cursing the fact that he didn’t check the weather forecast for this late autumn day.  He pulls his mobile out of his jacket pocket and checks it one more time to be sure he read what Sherlock wants him to pick up correctly, knowing that if he gets the wrong thing a strop is most likely in store for him when he gets to the flat.
, he wanted to say, but he figured it would be safer to go a more diplomatic route.  “Want that, do you?” he asked instead, because he wanted to know that it was Sherlock’s choice, wanted Sherlock to know that he had asked for it himself.
“Yeah, all right,” John gasps, pulling out of Sherlock swiftly as he feels the first sudden sparks of his orgasm start in the pit of his belly.  “Turn over, love.”
John will fight with everything he has for Sherlock, until he’s won the war for them.  John will throw away everything he has for Sherlock, everything he is—his morals, his reason, his sense, his life, his marriage, his career.  He doesn’t care anymore.  He doesn’t care if he has nothing left of himself at the end, if there is nothing left to redeem himself with.  Sherlock is all that he needs, Sherlock’s love is the only redemption he craves.  Sherlock is everything.
“I’m going to keep fucking your mouth,” John informs him as he stays true to his word.  “And then, when I’m ready, I’m going to pull out and come all over that pretty face of yours, all over those sinful lips.  I’m going to make a complete mess of you.”
He never thought that he would end up a disabled war veteran with a medical degree, teaching advanced biology at a fucking secondary school.
As Sherlock tumbles onto his back, he moans against John’s mouth and the movement turns their close-mouthed kiss into something softer and a little more open.  John doesn’t use his tongue, not yet, but he slots his bottom lip in between each of Sherlock’s, letting the kiss become slightly wetter and a bit desperate.  Below him, he can already feel Sherlock’s hips bucking up into his, the movements jerky and hard, and John is reminded that Sherlock’s only sexual experiences thus far have been a few wanks and a quick, awkward rub-off in a public place.
“What do you care?” he asks her dismissively, walking across the room to his suitcase, pretending to look for something just so that he doesn’t have to stare her in the face.  “You get secret texts and rings all the time.  Why do you even give a fuck?”
“Twat,” Sherlock says, squirming out of John’s grasp and wiggling across the bed to a safe distance, out of John’s grasp.  “Just give me a minute.  Unlike you, I’m not pumped full of vasodilators.  I’m actually doing this the natural way.”
Once the car had pulled up to the front door, Sherlock let himself out and wasted no time entering Mycroft’s home, heading straight to the drawing room where he knew his brother would be waiting for him.
It is everything that John has never had his entire life.
“Yes, Daddy,” Sherlock tells him with an emphatic nod of his head and wide, honest eyes.  “I can be a big boy for you.”
“What’s the matter, Sherlock?”
Sherlock made a noise in the back of his throat, pushing himself up against John’s body, and the doctor lost all ability to put together thoughts. All he could think of suddenly was Sherlock beneath him, Sherlock around him, Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock….
As he sits there contemplating, his mobile
“Did you ever stop to think that you have forced him on you?  Chained him to you?  Like a dog, Sherlock.  That is what you have made him into now.  Your perfect little pet.”
8 pm and another day without Sherlock is no closer to him than it was 2 hours ago.
“So, do you have a girlfriend, then?” John asks another evening as they are sitting at the table.  He doesn’t know why he asks it, it’s not really any of his business and it’s a bit personal for a conversation between a teacher and his student.  But the question had just sort of come out on its own.
He finally settles on the word “more”, because that’s all he can think of to describe them.  It is the first time that they will meet as
Sherlock pulls his face away from John’s neck to look at him suddenly, and John can see that the boy is taking the severity of this situation to heart.  His eyes are clear and focused and there is a small frown furrowing the smooth skin between his thick eyebrows.  “No, you’re right,” Sherlock agrees.  “This is very serious.  I want this to be very serious.  I want to do this again, John.  I want you again.”
, a voice says in John’s mind.
He was speechless, breathless as he stared at everyone who had come just for him.  So many people were there, so many people whom he had always assumed didn’t like him, or were indifferent about him.  A few old school acquaintances like Seb Wilkes and a handful of old clients that he had solved cases for, Henry Knight and his new fiancé among them.  Most of the people there were from Scotland Yard and St. Bart’s, but there was also Mrs. Hudson, Dr. Greenwhich, James McNairn, and a few other pro-Synaths.
“This is one of his worst ideas, and not just because I think he would make a crap landlord,” John answered with a shake of his tousled, dirty blonde hair.
about him.  When the teen looks up from his desk with startling-coloured eyes, John can see that there is a definite sharpness that isn’t common for teenagers his age, a sort of knowing gleam that seems to penetrate John’s defenses.
She stops short, having followed him to the door of their home, and stares at him.  If she is surprised by his sudden outburst, she doesn’t show it.
It wasn’t until later that week, when he got a phone call from Molly stating that the blood tests on Mr. Mathers came back positive for a very specific cocktail of poisons, that Sherlock was finally able to grudgingly concede that John Watson was indeed right about his magical cock.
“John, don’t be rude!” he hears Mary shout from behind him, her voice tinged with shock at seeing him treat a child—one of his pupils—this way.  “He needs your help with something!”
John knows that Sherlock can never resist presents.  He opens both glass-green eyes to look at John and nods his head enthusiastically.
“What?” John says, confused, not understanding.
Pints out with the mates. It’s been a while. And even though he doesn’t understand half the things Josef and the others say in their heavy, Bavarian accent – which gets worse with every pint – he enjoyed himself a lot. Walking back up the hill in the snow after hadn’t been fun, but John hadn’t dared to take the car either, not in the state he had been in. It may have cleared his head a bit, or he would be in a worse condition right now. Still, a bit of a lazy day wouldn’t hurt, not that there was much to do at this time of the year.
John smiled contentedly. “Be gentle with him, Mike. He’s used to being a recluse. Baby steps!”
“Sherlock I—”
“Good game,” he finally said. “Seems like a good team.”
“You will?” John comes over to stand with him.
“Watson?” Donovan checked.
She paused her reading, resting a hand on the book to hold her place and gave Mycroft a sympathetic smile. He found it patronizing, although he was sure it was a well-practiced look she used regularly in her work. “Not too sure,” she said gently. “It’s got to be drugs though, surely, given his history?”
“Jesus.” The reality of that thought hit John hard and he stopped for a moment, flicking Mycroft another angry glare. Mycroft’s eyes shifted away in embarrassment.
“That it would do this to you. Or I would have planned differently,” Sherlock tried to explain.
______________________
John’s chuckle is a low rumble against his back. “But you did deduce the murderer one chapter in. When I hadn’t even introduced them, yet.”
“Yeah of course,” Sherlock swallowed hard, and put a happy mask on his face.
“How did you—”
“Of course you can, John,” he scoffed. He always found John’s moral dilemmas ridiculous. “I do it all the time. Like with your last girlfriend, what was her name again?”
As Greg listened, he assessed her:
mean it,” Sherlock replied stubbornly.
“It's not just the acute kidney failure; you have an infection which reached your lungs. There’s some fluid, which is why you were having trouble breathing, the coughing. As Molly established, your kidneys are not working like they should. Your body gave out on you… finally. But you lasted surprisingly well, considering.” Describing it was hard for John, his voice sounded cold and hard. He didn’t mean it to, but it came out that way anyway. This happened on his watch, to his friend, to the most important person in his life.
notice them missing? Sherlock could not contain the outrage inside him over that. John would never be that careless, nor would he himself for that matter. Rosie was their whole world now. Or Rosie and John were certainly
Sherlock walked past her, avoiding eye contact but glancing back to watch John as he moved towards her on his crutches, tentatively. He gave her a sheepish look and Sherlock could tell he was apologising already. Her body language indicated that she did in fact already know, but she seemed calm. He wished he could be there with John to help, but he supposed that might not be helpful. He had to walk on and leave John to that. He was so caught up in thought, he didn’t notice the person walking towards him. Without warning, John's books were knocked out of his hands, causing a loud scene, snapping him back to the present.
As he climbs, he thinks about how excited he is to see Sherlock, how relieved he is that his friend is back again. John thought Sherlock had seemed distracted, and yet happy to see him.
it have you?”
“Sorry, Molly – about before. God, that was embarrassing,” John finally said now that Greg was out of earshot.
“Of course he is,” John softened in sympathy. They were both scared. “I know that. Of
“Oh. Your brother knows, by the way,” John added, while Sherlock was silent.
, John thinks.
John smiled to himself as he went about sorting the tea. The last two months had gone by so quickly and Sherlock had been improving every day. The casts and splints were off, his back healing quite nicely and the challenging road of physical therapy with a stubborn detective had become their daily focus. John had to admit to being disgruntled over the young, tanned, muscled therapist that Mycroft had arranged. He was sure that it was deliberate, and Sherlock had played up to it with his very best efforts which only riled him further. John couldn’t help but get prickly about it and it seemed to just make Sherlock happier, which was even more annoying.
“You think I’m capable of stabbing that woman. Do you think I did all of them, then? That I’m some sort of rogue evening murderer, getting a fix and chasing after victims across the continent?”
“There’s nothing else you can do,” Mycroft said, putting a hand on John’s shoulder.
go. But you have to
… and now you’re here.
“Are you just going to disappear without telling the team?” he asked sadly.
Sherlock reached out without thinking and touched it
“Sherlock?” he checked, concerned.
Thursday 5:41pm
John blushed as he realised he hadn’t, in fact, noticed. He was so caught up in his own head at that point, and his own anger about everything. He looked at Mike, and Mike could see the realisation dawn on his face. He tilted his head to show he was open to listening, to helping if he could.
“What are you
“So… everything okay?” He asked tentatively, trying desperately to make conversation and give John an opportunity to talk.
“Now you know everything, can I ask you to keep a better eye on him?” Mycroft said with warning.
deserve better than
“All in good time. First we need to wait for John.”
“What? Can’t a brother check in?”
“You really should tell him,” Mycroft added, as he fussed with a piece of imaginary lint on his trouser leg.
Something in the music gives him the energy he needs to walk the hill, ignoring all his aches and pains. The pure excitement of meeting this person, this musical wizard, who seems to have trouble sleeping in as well, is too much for John. He is sure it takes him half the time to walk that hill than it ever has before, and though his heart is racing and his breath is struggling from the effort, he’s never felt so alive. He’s barely using his cane to help him. He can hear the melody stopping and starting as the violinist tries to bend the notes and shape them into patterns: every note calling a resounding ‘yes’ in John’s heart.
His eyes lost focus again for a moment and then refocussed as the head-spin abated slightly and there was one more detail he had never noticed before. Her curls were always so thick around her neck and ears, but at this angle, when she leaned right down to pull the plug, her curls parted and the area of skin behind her ear was suddenly in view. And there it was: a tattoo. A bell-shaped arm with a triquetra. Like the others.
John's eyes blew wide, locking sight with Molly. "Fuck. Well, that explains it."
“Sally?” he pleaded. Surely she could be persuaded.
“John…”
“Yes. Well on that…” he cleared his throat. “What are your intentions with my brother?”
“I uh… sorry I haven’t been in touch I—”
John walks forward to sit on the top step, reading it over and over a number of times, before finally dropping the paper to put his head in his hands, the words burned into his brain.
The excitement, the buzz of it all, warms them both up from the inside, the anticipation of finally getting to do this again, a relief, until the phone rings again loudly.
“Vassily is the conductor of the London Philharmonic, John,” Sherlock explains.
. Don’t you stand there in your designer suit with your smug face, telling me how to—”
They both just stand there, in silence. Sherlock breaks the tension by walking to the door to grab his coat and put it on. The nagging in his head won’t stop, so he thinks about saying something again.
“No, that was
“Greg—”
“Yes. I’ve made my decision. Will you come and lie here with me?”
“What?” John was caught by surprise. All Sherlock focussed on was the work. When he wasn’t playing with Rosie, that was. Everything had always been about the cases.
“Ah. Dinner’s ready,” John says, and the spell is broken.
“Is he the father?” John asked again.
Sherlock whispered weakly into the room. But his John didn’t respond. His eyes were too heavy to contemplate opening.
“That first day we met? I walked into the lab with Mike, and I was busy looking around the room remembering the old days and then… I saw you. You weren’t really looking at me at first. But I saw you and it was like being hit between the eyes. You were the most ethereal, gorgeous creature I’d ever seen. You asked Mike for his phone and I thought if I offered
“Oh I hear that.” Greg understood perfectly well. His job may not have been as lofty as this man’s, but he still worked for the government and devoted way too many hours to it for his wife’s liking. He laughed in agreement, without meaning to.
to be here. I want to help him get better,” John argued.
The next morning, John places his backpack on and braces himself for the long arduous walk into the village, to visit the store. Luckily, the leg has settled a bit after a decent night’s rest and the temperature is being forgiving as well. Halfway there, an old truck, travelling along the dirt road, slows beside John. The excited barking of a familiar dog in the back catches John’s attention.
“Thank you,” John answered simply, before Mycroft fell off the verbal ledge he was teetering on.
“Perfect,” he scoffs angrily. “Tea?” he asks them both mockingly, not waiting for their answer.
“A Celtic cross?” Sherlock asked.
He would smell of alcohol when he went home. He moved past them, ignoring their shouts of apology and giggles. He really did hate parties. Further along the side of the house, was a small strip of grass and a clothes line with some sheets hanging out.
______________________________________
“Molly?” John answered the phone so quickly, concerned, and ready. He obviously had been sitting with it in his hand, staring and waiting desperately for the call. It gave Molly a jolt.
“I’m perfectly happy with us. Sarah and I shared a couple of kisses at a party and some text messages. She’ll get over it,” he said with confidence.
“Right, let’s try this next one, shall we?” one of the crew asks, interrupting his happy thoughts.
It was very unlike Mycroft to be reassuring, or kind, even. John walked over with the tea he’d made, placing one on the coffee table. He noted the distinct smell of alcohol about Mycroft and raised an eyebrow in curiosity but said nothing. He took himself to his armchair, cupping his own tea protectively for moral support, not commenting on Mycroft’s platitude.
“Oh, I’m not laughing,” Sherlock replied angrily. “But I’m not completely incapable either,
very different, John, and this time we will be jumping you to a location as well, so your body will need a moment to adjust,” Donovan tried to pacify him.
His phone buzzes on the table between them.
This obsession, this unstoppable force I can’t shake…it’s not just the thrill of the chase, the cases, the excitement." John was frustrated and couldn't hold it in any more. "It’s
“Haven’t they?” he asked, reaching out to touch John’s arm.
“Oh he was shot a few days ago now,” Molly said with confidence. “Almost a week even. He came in well before your girl, but there was no rush on him, so it took me some time to get to it. Lucky really, that I worked both of them, and so close together,” she said absently.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry I know I’ve been distracted,” he said rubbing his hand over his face before looking at Sherlock deciding how to tackle this.
“Finding what?” John didn’t want to sound stupid but he also didn’t want to say the wrong thing.
Sherlock tried to marry the voice he heard with his memories to figure out if it was, indeed, John. But it couldn’t possibly be.  John was in London. John thought he was dead. John would never forgive him, let alone be here in the dungeon rescuing him. He must still be hallucinating, or at least projecting another memory of John’s voice onto whoever this person was.
John doesn’t even get the word out before Sherlock’s manager barges into the bathroom, freezing as he sees the two of them gripped together passionately. John is thankful the bubbles are still well intact, protecting at least some of their privacy.
The lady nods at him in acceptance and goes about printing a ticket. She throws a dubious glance in John’s direction again as she works, wondering why he gets such a privilege.
His biggest weakness had always been trusting people that seemed to be interested. With James, he had misread the situation in a big way, and had thought it was more. James had lead Sherlock on deliberately, and then humiliated him. Of course by then, the drugs were their binding factor and nothing else mattered. Sherlock could overlook a fair amount if it meant he could get that fix. But now he had a new interest. Now John was very interesting to him indeed. And suddenly he didn’t want to be tied to James or to the drugs. He wanted to find a way to connect with
“I’m not sure I know how,” Sherlock moaned.
As the game continued, they shared looks back and forth, each time Sherlock’s heart raced faster. He wanted to believe it meant more, that John was as interested as
“How did you know?” he asked, surprised.
“Alright, Jones, that’s enough,” Donovan reprimanded. Mycroft sat staring at the screen.
“How did you go with the homework? Did you get it done?” Mike asked, leaning across to sticky beak at John’s books.
“Classy,” John had chuckled, and Sherlock had just taken another bite to spite him.
John gets to his feet, pulling the other man up and into a hug. “I can’t either. I love you. I want to be with you.”
“Oh, well apparently he wants to fund my next year and half at school – including boarding – so I can stay,” John spat.
“Do what, John?”
“Oh, great. So back to the Yard?”
“I played… for you,” Sherlock says, and it’s another stab. John can’t even hate him for it. No matter how rude Sherlock might be, he has never been cruel intentionally. Maybe he just doesn’t realize how much this hurts John.
Thursday 5:23pm
“It was real enough… for me. Jesus, Sherlock, don’t you understand? It was real.
Sherlock moves past him, a little closer than needed, their bodies brushing by each other, as he grabs for the next piece of wood. “Shall we?” he asks.
“I’m happy for Sherlock, honestly. That he has John. But Myc,” he began, noticing Mycroft’s eyebrow lift at the familiarity of the nickname. “Today, when I picked him up… when I had to take him in the car… it reminded me of…” he couldn’t even finish his thought, suddenly feeling sick at the memory again.
“Yes I have. And I still think you need to come back to Baker Street. Live here, with me. Mrs Hudson would love to have Rosie about. I could leave you behind on the dangerous cases. Lestrade would love it if I let him tag along for a change, or Molly. John, what kind of a father would you be to Rosie if you are isolated and miserable? There is so much I could teach her. Oh please, John, just think about it." He let out in a flurry of excitement and pleading. "I know you’re scared. I know you’re hurting and you’re angry and all of those things. But look…you came back to Baker Street. Even when you asked me to never speak to you again, you came back here. Why did you come back here?”
“No, of course not. I thought you would…wait, I’m your…”
“Well, what date did we jump to today?” John checked.
“I think he loves you — incredibly deeply. I don’t know how you can’t see it. He will always forgive you, too, but he will never forget. And he will always fear that the next case will be the one that takes you from him again. Because once was enough for him and that nearly broke him. Now he’s facing it again. Here you are in kidney failure. He must be terrified. He doesn’t want you to leave him.”
“Thanks Greg.”
Without another word, everyone returned to their stations, a hive of activity. The sounds of fast typing on computers, rustling of papers, and not much discussion continued on. Everyone had a task and they were busy.
“Okay?” John checked. Sherlock nodded quietly. “You’ve had trouble…?” John prompted him to continue.
“It’s possible. I was looking into it, quietly.”
. To Sherlock it was the sound of friendship. It usually filled him with a warm sensation of familiarity. Somehow this time, the noise didn’t bring him any sense of amusement. It was a vicious, cold sound now. Hollow, and terrifying. He didn’t know where he stood with John after the letter, and to see him here, in Baker Street was all the more confusing. But to see him in this state was worse than he could have imagined…and John had his box.
The boy cleared his throat uncomfortably. “Uh John Watson, sir.”
“Well, you can’t expect me to do this all by myself?” He stalked back out into the loungeroom to argue. “Since you
They stare at each other for a long moment and John bristles at the impertinence of this stranger, allowing him to fumble like that. With an annoyed glance, John takes the opportunity to grab the last can of beans from the shelf.
“He was… well he’s not in the report. I don’t know really… but I expect he was…”
“I will, John, I will. Just not yet,” Sherlock placated. John was fussing more and more. But it was sweet, he supposed.
Sherlock smiled to himself. He liked John when he was fiery like that. But a small part of him worried anyway. James had connections and he was sneaky. He was devious.
“I thought I’d trained you better than that, John,” Sherlock said defiantly.
“When?”
They sat in silence, neither one acknowledging the fact that they were doing something quite routine, despite the fact John had sworn Sherlock as his enemy, had ended up in a drunken stupor on the floor and was clearly grieving his wife. The silence as John cleaned the cut and organised the band-aid stretched out uncomfortably.
“His creatinine level is
“I honestly don’t know Mycroft, it could be anything – a lack of proper sleep and food, a reaction to his meds, drugs, even a brain tumor.” There was a pause as John swallowed loudly enough that it translated through the phone line. “I just want to run these first before we get ahead of ourselves.”
He stands there for a moment, taking everything in, before he slowly makes his way back to the house, his leather shoes causing him to struggle as he stumbles down the steep hill.
“I… don’t remember this person. This club even,” Sherlock said to Greg.
,” Sherlock pressed.
Not good?
“Is there anything else you need?” Mycroft asked, concerned.
he reminded himself.
“John I…it’s
Sherlock answers, recovering from the shock in an instant, raising his eyebrow. “Eloquent.”
“Yeah we did. We did win.” Mike said, nodding. He liked that John was focussed on the team even in his current state. That made for a loyal and good teammate. His instincts on John were right. “No thanks to
Rosie? Even when I can’t come out on cases as often?”
Sherlock had stayed locked up in his room for a good hour or more, unable to face everyone. The look on John’s face had been enough to make him want to shrink into himself and disappear. He knew, deep down
“Right. Well here it is. My room,” he shrugged, gesturing to the space.
“You’re what?” He began to raise his voice.
…” he said between clenched teeth, squeezing both hands into fists of complete frustration. God, just running through the list made his blood pressure rise in annoyance… as well as complete and utter adoration. The thought punched him in the gut for a moment, making it impossible for him to speak. He loved this man, and had known it for a while now. Telling him was turning out to be a lot harder than he had anticipated, though.
His voice is a bit shaky when he answers. “So, you’ll stay?”
simple,” Sherlock argued, opening his eyes to make sure Mycroft heard him properly.
Sherlock nails it in perfectly and turns to John with an excited, self-satisfied grin.
“Nothing. John—”
It gives Sherlock a huge boost and his heart gives a loud thump in appreciation which makes him blush, although he knows John won’t have heard it. He starts to run the bath, adding some bubbles along the way, as John already begins unbuckling his belt, toeing his shoes as he talks, peeling his wet jeans off his legs.
“It’s been slow,” Anderson interjected.
______________________
“I’ll be interested in your thoughts on the explosion. You’ve watched it many times. Perhaps seeing the space might give you insights into where the blast could have originated from. As a military man, I’m sure you will have ideas on that.”
“Why didn’t you call me? I—”
“You… you did?” Sherlock could not believe this. It was like Christmas!
John leapt up from the chair, arms flailing to deflect the touch. “No… no,” he pointed at Mycroft. His legs lost their strength and he stumbled out into the corridor finding his balance by leaning against the opposite wall.
“Right. Good to know. Sounds a bit terrifying actually,” John commented.
“Of course it is.” John said.
“Sherlock!” John leapt up as well, trying to keep a close eye on Sherlock as he moved frantically about the room.
“There it is,” he said, sitting back in the chair, satisfied.
“So she must have told him about the hotel, written down the room number for him on the card and given him some verbal instructions? We saw them talking on the tape before he left,” Greg confirmed.
John’s lips are soft against his, and his stubble is a wonderful contrast, as he leans over and cups his beloved’s face in his hands to pull him close. He can taste the coffee, as he licks at the spot of jam that has gathered at the corner of John’s mouth, sweet and rich. It makes his heart race and his blood burn. He is desperate for more – more kisses, maybe other things. It feels like he has some catching up to do, that with the long time they have known each other there should have been an opportunity before this – and maybe there was. One they didn’t see, one they were too afraid of taking. They could have been kissing, touching, flirting, long before this. He is not going to waste time on regret, though. Not when he can spend it climbing into John’s lap, instead, feeling him warm and firm, hear his sound of surprise, then the hum of agreement.
Mycroft knew he was pushy and tough on Greg, but he needed this. Greg knew that, too. And Greg knew him well enough to understand his gruff manner was with good reason. He glanced out the window to the grounds below. The sight of the ordinary people moving about only made his stomach acid churn.
“Mycroft, you can go.” It wasn’t a question, it was a firm statement, a demand. A possessive, territorial move.
He feels alive.
“The boys are thrilled – they all think you’ll fit right in, actually. You want to join us for a bite? We were all going to go out for a pint or whatever takes your fancy,” Mike offered, and John had to stop himself from feeling emotional that on day one he might have actually managed to make a friend, a group of friends. That hadn’t happened in a while for him.
“Fantastic!” he said without thinking.
“Fine. Sore, but nothing I can’t handle,” Sherlock replied, trying to make eye contact with John, desperate to gauge his thoughts. But John was squarely focussed on the job at hand. Sherlock could have been anyone, really, just one patient in a sea of thousands.
must be sick,” John joked, allowing himself a laugh, relaxing his shoulders slightly.
“It’s fancy. Ornamental. Something you would normally put on display, I imagine. Not to use as a weapon in combat,” Greg added. “The stabbing might have been difficult with the cut-out sections on the knife blade. Not what I’d grab, for a quick and dirty death, unless it was the only thing to hand.”
“Hey mate.” John said happily.
“They’re already on their way, Gregory’s been making the arrangements,” Mycroft informed them, before going back to the call he was on, no doubt to his people, making preparations already.
