"No, you don't," answers Lucifer, and holds up a hand when Dean's head pops up and murderous green eyes swivel his direction. "Not alone. We're all here to help protect you and Sam. You have an entire hotel full of people willing to help you. And a room full of people who love you."
Finally, Sam had enough. Before Lucifer had the chance to go argue with Michael yet again, Sam would do it first. He walked off to go find Michael, deciding to start in Heaven's throne room. Thankfully, Michael is there, sitting on the throne. Dean is there too, though he looks vacant, like only his body is there. Sam has the eerie feeling he's looking at a corpse rather than his brother.
"It's a boy?" Dean asks, and he goes down to see the baby. In the next minute Cas has something slimy laying on his chest. He opens his eyes to see his son lying there.
"Well would you look at that? Little Sammy is all grown up now, and killing hellhounds with his bare hands!"
"I'm offended Dean," Balthazar comments, sitting across from them. "I don't secretly want to kill you." He pauses for emphasis then adds, "I make sure you know it."
When he looks up again, he's not sure how much time has passed, but it's only him and Dean in the kitchen now.
The doctor stares him down. Cas watches him impassively. "You'll do," repeats the doctor. "Lesson number one, any and every doctor will push you around if you let them. Do not let them." He stares around at the class a moment. "You could all learn a lesson from him. I'll see you and Ms. Masters tomorrow morning." He swaggers out the door.
"I just have to check something. If I'm wrong, it's no big deal, but if I'm right... If I'm right we'll know what we're up against. And we need that. I will not stand by and let you be possessed again. Do you have any idea how helpless I felt? I'm an archangel, I don't like to feel helpless, Sam. I just need to know what we're up against."
"-but then I figured, you and Michael are Omega Rights lawyers, so... I figured maybe I'd follow in your footsteps. Plus, it'll be fun to beat Alphas and stand up for fellow Omegas at the same time," finishes Sam with a charming grin.
"Aren't I lucky?" Sam drawls. There is a long pause, then Sam says, "Well it's been fun. I'm going out, don't wait up."
Standing up to get out of the tub proves to be a huge mistake. His stomach cramps angrily, letting him know it's not happy with the position change. Considering the half-gallon of ice cream in his stomach, he winds up kneeling in front of the toilet vomiting the entire contents of his stomach into the porcelain bowl. When he finally gets up again he's in tears, eyes burning from the strength of the stomach cramps and vomiting. He staggers over to the medicine cabinet and grabs the thermometer, finally realizing he's sick.
"Cassie?" And then Lucifer is squeezing his brother tightly, tight enough to make him gasp for air and complain he can't breathe.
Raphael is gone now, Sam sees as he looks around the battlefield. The demons have smoked out as well, so that only their group is left. Someone is kneeling over Lucifer, perhaps making sure he's dead. He definitely is. Sam checked.
Hours pass before Sam moves. He's been curled into the tight little ball for too many hours, and he uncurls to stretch his arms behind his head, spine readjusting with obnoxious cracks. He tosses his neck, loud popping sounds accompanying the movement.
"Maybe he's completely reverting back to Biblical times, when siblings did marry each other," Sam suggests.
They troop back upstairs and check out the hallway, cautiously waiting for Lucifer to pop around the corner. He doesn't, so Sam knocks on the opposite door from theirs- Dean, Cas, and Michael's room. Michael yanks open the door. "Brother. Samuel. Please, come in." He props the door open so Sam has to duck under his arm.
"They beat angels in the garrison, so the garrison leader will be next. Those angels have power that matched Castiel's when you first met him. Then they'll fight a Seraphim. Castiel was a Seraphim, so they're a bit stronger than your average angel. Then an archangel."
"If it comes down to it, Bobby or I will walk you down the aisle if your father won't," volunteers Crowley.
Sam strides over to the motel room door and lets himself out without a word. 'As if it's not enough to hear that three of my biggest enemies are coming back, I have to marry Lucifer?! And Gabriel. Sure, I've kinda made my peace with Gabriel with the whole Mystery Spot thing. And he did help us in the end when it mattered, even dying by Lucifer's hand...and that complicates matters too, because he probably doesn't want to marry the guy that killed him. So at least I hopefully have an ally in this stupid marriage thing that Chuck/God wants me to participate in. Unless he'll go the opposite direction and torment me too to try and teach me another lesson...' His thoughts continue in this vein for a while, and he stomps around angrily the whole time. When he eventually tires out he trudges back to the hotel room.
................................................................................................................
"I imagine it was very hard for them to make a decision." At this point, they're at Lucifer's house, and Sam passes Crowley off. "Did you want to come in?" Lucifer questions, grabbing his key out of his pocket and unlocking the door deftly with one hand.
The rest of the wedding passes in a joyous blur. Cas can't remember who exactly he danced with, or to what songs, but he remembers dancing after eating, and having lots of fun. He danced with Dean a lot, and they kissed a bunch too, he knows that, but anybody else falls to the wayside as unimportant.
Balthazar is very clearly biting his tongue to keep from making a comment about how he's not surprised Sam intends to follow in Lucifer's footsteps. Instead, he asks, "What college are you thinking of going to?"
'You were with me for such a short time. You didn't remember anything once you woke up,' Lucifer answers.
The brothers leave together, shutting the door firmly behind them. Sam rolls out from beneath the bed, brushing dust off his front. He grabs his blanket combo and dusts that off too. He hides that in the stairwell before setting off to find a new place to sleep tonight.
Cas is by their side in an instant, fingertips glowing with blue light as he touches Sam. The light travels through Sam's body and returns to Cas with a zap. He frowns, brow creasing, and sends the light again.
Cas grabs Sam's wrist and they're vanishing from the hotel. When they reappear, they are outside a large warehouse. "We're going inside. You are going to get the children out and get out yourself. No fighting the vampires."
"So Sammykins, got your eye on any Alphas you want to kiss you like that?" Gabriel asks as they clear the bakery door, settling into a lope to catch up to Castiel.
"So you're telling me fire just flew out of my hands and magically caught the vampires on fire?" Three nods answer the question. Sam turns to the angels before he makes his next point, "And you all tell me I was the one hallucinating."
The silence is awkward and uncomfortable, but Sam is not about to be the one to break it. He distantly recalls an assignment that he did at Stanford where you had to make a short resume speech, as though it would be delivered in an elevator. He didn't like the assignment then, but this awkwardness is terrible too. He bounces on the balls of his feet, eager to be left out of the elevator.
A tiny smile plays across Gabriel's face, and he and Lucifer both sit back down. "He's very good at that."
"About this wedding thing." He settles in on the ground, crossing his long legs and resting his hands on his chin.
They're nearly back before Dean exclaims, "This one!" and drags Cas in. It looks okay, clean and not too busy, so Cas allows himself to be taken inside.
"Not the point," Sam interjects quickly. "The point is, Gabriel tried to make the right decision. You didn't."
Sam nods and faces front again, refusing to acknowledge his father. He feels a tap, and then Mary's leaning forward. "Dad and I talked last night, and he left. He's not happy, but he's not actively gunning for you anymore. I don't claim that I would make the same decision you did, but I understand why you did it." She kisses his hair and sits directly behind him. After a moment, Sam dangles his hand back, letting it hang. Mary doesn't leave him for long, she takes his hand and tucks it between her knees, squeezing his hand in comfort. "I can't imagine you're any happier about this than I am," Mary observes.
Dean goes over the bed and begins waving his arms. The whole room expands. Another large bed appears next to theirs, clearly meant for Sam, Gabriel, and Lucifer. At the foot of those beds, three other beds arrive, facing horizontally. "It's crammed, but it'll do," he decides as he tilts his head to make sure everything is even.
"She turned me down because my boyfriend is clearly the possessive type. No amount of telling her I didn't have a boyfriend helped," he adds, glaring at Cas.
Gabriel rolls his eyes skyward and flops back down onto the bed, eyes rolling back in his head as Kali sucks on his mating mark. "I will be there in half an hour."
"All right, all right, let's go eat before Apocalypse 2.0 breaks out because Michael Jr. hasn't gotten his food."
"It's always been me and Sam against the world," Dean bites out as though he's angry. "I don't know how to do anything else."
Sam shakes his head no. He pushes his own pizza to the side and goes out to start the car. "I'm done. You all come out when you're ready."
They just got back to the bunker from their most recent case, and Dean is in the shower. Sam had already finished, but Dean is still enjoying the water pressure. Cas had quickly "zapped himself clean with angel mojo" as Dean called it, so he didn't require a shower.
"Well hi there," Cas mumbles. Dean settles onto the bed, propping himself on his elbow facing Cas. "Come here often?"
"I'm serious. We all have such good memories there. Sam taken over by Lucifer, Lucifer and you and Adam thrown into the Cage, Bobby dying, me getting punched over and over and losing Sam, Cas getting blown up- really, what's not to like?"
"I wouldn't want him to relocate. Besides, I'm planning to come back to this area again someday, so it kinda seems pointless to leave for college. I figure I can leave after college, and take some neat trips around the world and all that."
Which brings about the important question: where is he? He had been so so hot, so...Hell? But then, where's Lucifer? Or Michael? Were they distracted by Adam? Sam doesn't hear his screams but that doesn't necessarily mean anything. Adam could be unconscious.
He sneaks inside, keeping an eye out for his future husband. He's not in the lobby, but he is in the dining room. Crap! Sam really wanted the fruit they had, too!
Gordon's response is instantaneous- he reaches into his pocket and hurls holy water at him. Lucifer growls, advancing toward Gordon until Sam grabs the back of his shirt as he passes and physically yanks him up short.
He breezes through the door and sits down to dinner again, and it's only when Gabriel stops eating to gape at him that he remembers he's just been in a fight, and is probably covered in blood. Within minutes he's upstairs in the shower, then when the water runs clear instead of rust-colored he's toweled off and back in his chair, dressed completely. It's only when glancing around the table that he realizes with a start that Sam has now joined them. And while it's certainly not unusual for Dean to end up at their house, Sam typically doesn't join him. Plus, neither Dean or Cas are at the table, which means they're over at the Winchesters, which means Sam came over by himself, which is even more unusual.
Lucifer breaks the kiss, and Sam works on getting his brain back online, and encouraging his lungs to relearn how to pull oxygen in. The rest of the world turns on slowly, then all at once. Dean is yelling about how he doesn't need to see that, John and Mary are gaping at him, Adam looks smug. Gabriel, though- his eyes are shining like he's been given the largest piece of chocolate on the Earth. "Finally!" he whoops.
"They're going to lower the amount of oxygen the machine is giving him until he can breathe on his own. If all goes well, he'll be off in a few days. He did wake up for them. He's understandably confused, and still very lethargic. As best they can tell, he doesn't remember that he was shot. They're having trouble figuring out if he knows the date, he keeps going to sleep on them. And of course there's no telling what he does or doesn't remember. But he is awake."
Sam turns at the voice, and his eyes widen in shock. "Cas?!" he yanks the angel behind a pillar of the hotel, staring at him in amazement. "Is it really you?"
"Enjoy it while it lasts, sweetie," Rowena tells him in her thick accent. "After the second trimester you'll end up feeling like a bloated whale. And your feet will swell up."
"No. You found out a few years ago. We didn't do anything about it until I moved back here a few months ago. Then we started dating."
"Wow," is the only thing Sam can say. Michael is gaping at Dean, unable to answer, and Cas decides to resolve the issue by climbing Dean like a tree and kissing him until Dean nearly falls.
Lucifer doesn't ask again. He sparks out of his own body and enters Sam. It's not like the last time, Sam's not struggling for control, not desperate to win, not fearful for his life. Inside his head, there is only peace.
"We're not having sex tonight. We're going to bed, and we'll talk about this tomorrow." He pulls back the covers and Cas slides into bed.
"Why though? No, I'm serious, why?" he repeats, seeing Sam's skeptical look. "It's not like he's going to make fun of you for it."
Dean looks relieved, as though Sam has given him a legitimate reason to hate the suit. "Yep, that's it. Too close to the crotch and the thighs."
"Yes, but that would- oh, Father d**n it! That's brilliant! You said Gabriel told you the thing would prey on our worst fears, didn't you, Sam? Because if I gave Dean the grace to deal with this, I'll be completely human. It's not ideal, to look for this creature as a human-and coincidentally, it's also one of my worst fears, that I would become human. I spent eons in my cage wondering if I would eventually run out of grace and be forced to live as a human."
Sam's brow furrows as he tries to figure out the hidden meaning behind that message. Lucifer had never...had he? Sam was almost certain he would remember that. He remembers the other forms of torture, so there's no way he wouldn't remember being raped if it had happened. So it hadn't happened. But then why was he supposed to be in bed?
"Sam!" Ben's outside the door, and pounding frantically. Sam collapses against the door, trying to find the breath to lie and reassure him he's alright.
"Good morning," a soft voice whispers. Gabriel is lying facing him, an arm wrapped around Sam's back. He slowly retracts it with a quick grimace. "Sorry. I get grabby when I sleep with people."
Cas does, though neither him or Dean can actually dance, so they do more of a sway in place. "Did you know we're not actually married?" Dean asks as he guides Cas into a little square.
Sam picks Crowley up this time, carrying him out. "Well," he remarks as they hit the door, "that was unexpected."
As though Dean's voice has summoned him, Cas forces his way into the hotel room, lugging massive amounts of frozen vegetables, ice packs, bags of ice, and popsicles and ice cream.
"No thanks. We're wondering what your plan for sleeping arrangements was," Sam answers, pulling up the chair and spinning it so he's straddling it backwards.
Dean troops off dubiously, still looking close to passing out. The security guard eyes him suspiciously as he heads toward the racks. Dean looks at the first suit, then makes the mistake of looking at the price tag. "Michael??!!" he hisses across the store. "Come here!"
Sam turns to Lucifer. "I don't understand. What is this bedroom for? Ours is the huge one, isn't it?"
The angels are still standing there when Sam turns around, and he's still ignoring them, so he ducks out the door without saying anything. He brandishes his knife as he tiptoes down the stairs, then falls to the ground as Dean and Cas finally enter, distracting Baldur so Sam can sneak by. He bounces to his feet again, knife ready as he sneaks into the kitchen.
Rowena winces nearly imperceptibly, but Gabriel and Lucifer notice it. "What did you do?" Lucifer demands as his eyes begin to glow red.
Dean glances up, sizing him up a moment before deciding he's not a threat- yet. "Hey," he returns. Then he turns all of his attention to Cas. "Baby, are you okay?"
"Hey," Sam mumbles, pressing up against Gabriel as he grabs for the coffee. "Did you find anything?"
Jess saunters off with a quick smile Cas' direction. He doesn't smile back. Nothing against Jess, but he needs her to stop flirting with Sam, and for Sam to remove his head from his rear end and realize Lucifer likes him.
"No way!" Gabriel disagrees, and he thunders up the stairs, shoving demons out of the way. He body slams Sam as he enters their room, and soon they're rolling around laughing together as they try tickling one another.
"He normally is," Lucifer remarks blandly. "Most people just don't get to see it. For the angels of Heaven he's always confident and in control, but for us and Raphael, his closest brothers, well...this was very familiar for us growing up."
"WE are not starting anywhere," Lucifer says reflexively. "Sam and I are going to track down this monster and get our loved ones back."
Cas reaches out and pulls his youngest brother into his lap. "Oh, honey. We never meant to make you feel that way."
"0901, it's the date Dean and I met," answers Cas, a small smile going across his face as he thinks of his mate. Next thing Uriel knows he's on the floor groaning in pain. "Hurts! Make it stop!"
"Okay, okay," Dean interrupts again. Sam knows him well enough to realize he's getting agitated at the idea of marrying Michael, which is consequently making him ruder than usual. "So I'm to marry Michael. What else?"
"What is it, Dean?" Cas is right outside the door too, and he shoves into the bathroom with them. The space is much too small for the three men, but Cas is undeterred.
"He said you would feel loved. I want you to feel loved, however possible. If flowers and candles and sex are the way to do that, then that's how I'll show my love."
"Uriel?" Cas' small voice floats down the stairs. "I'm sick." Uriel sees his brother standing at the top of the stairs, dressed in nothing but boxers and a sheet. Now, with an Alpha intent on getting to his brother, is not the best time to take fashion advice from 'Sherlock.' Raphael charges, but Uriel catches him as he darts by and yanks him back, pinning his arms behind his back.
"Well, Cas and I know you've all been waiting for this moment, so we're not going to drag it out. Gabriel, you jinxed us, man. We're having twins!"
Lucifer shoots him a wounded look to say 'do you really think I am to blame, here?' But he sighs and says, "Bal, I'm sorry for the slight. Though I clearly missed something, I'm sorry to have thoughtlessly hurt both you, my twin, and my best friend."
And this is all too much, too fast, and Dean isn't even here, and Sam isn't out of danger and Cas is not pushing these babies out when he has other things to do. "No! I need Dean!"
Cas wrenches his arms again, but it's not enough to stop him from burning himself. Suddenly Sam's body jerks and goes limp. The fire blast ends, and everything is quiet.
"You know, like a phone? When you download viruses and you have to reset the phone to factory settings in order to get rid of it. So I'm just resetting the phone. Jess is a nice girl. I could be happy with her."
"I'm standing right here," Dean says, "and yes I considered that. But Michael is different now. He's...kinder."
Sam wanders away, into room 147. The area has obviously been expanded, and in place of a room and its expected furnishings, room 147 has a grassy knoll with beautiful meadow flowers. There are tall cliffs surrounding the meadow, and Sam is just in time to watch Gabriel throw himself off one of the cliffs and launch into aerial acrobatics. He waves to him, and is pleased when Gabriel waves back. Dean is at the top of one of these cliffs, sitting with his legs thrown over the edge as he watches several angels swoop and dive. Sam begins the climb up to him.
"Well a few years ago, when I asked about it, you said you didn't really see a purpose in us getting married."
He can still hear Dean cursing from the distance he's holding the phone away, then Dean comes on the line. "Hello?"
Everyone gasps, and Cas has a terrible feeling deep in his gut that everyone is holding their breath waiting for the doctor to kill him.
Sam goes out to Adam's car and pulls the enormous pile of textbooks into the hotel. He sets up in the lobby with the stack of books and a fresh notebook. Before he can crack open the book, Gabriel is pulling it out of his hands and giving him a large bowl of ice cream. Sam stares at him with a cocked eyebrow.
"Oh really? I'm sorry, did you spend centuries talking about you with him? Because I certainly did. Newsflash: he loves you. It was enough to make me jealous, listening to him go on and on about how much he liked you. He was in love with the idea of you before he ever met you."
Sam steps forward, pressing his hand against Lucifer's chest. "Calm," he whispers, "steady. Calm down, Lucifer."
The girl laughs, then leans casually forward. "So you're Luci? In all the time Michael talked about you, he never mentioned Luci was a guy."
Sam tries, but half the glass ends up down his shirt. "Cold," he mumbles sadly, yanking at the wet shirt. "So cold."
Cas runs over to Lucifer and throws himself onto him. "Lufi!" he cries. Lucifer gently pushes him off. "Not now, Castiel. Play a bit by yourself, I need to talk to Balthazar. Then I'll play with you."
"Definitely not," Sam disagrees. "I'm enjoying the cupcakes." He unwraps a third, but Lucifer is quicker and bites it out of his hand. Sam stares at him, mouth agape, and Lucifer winks at him as he eats. "That was mine."
"I'm sorry. Again. I thought- no, I don't know what I thought. No matter how I justified it, I shouldn't have stopped writing."
You guys! It's been such a long time! I've missed this story- but I graduated with my BSN, quit my job and got a new one, bought a house, and got sick. It's been a busy couple months! Anyway, hope you all enjoy the story, and to quote Casifer, "I'm back, baby!"
Sam gasps and jerks awake as Lucifer's grace heals him. "Hey. So I've been thinking, you're kinda cute. We should get married."
Sam bites his lip, raises the knife, and slashes. It's intense pain, the worst he's ever felt- worse than being stabbed by Jake, even.
"My darling brother," Gabriel says, taking Lucifer's hand and slipping on to one knee, "would you do me the honor of showing me the house we're going to live in for the rest of our lives?"
"Phobos. He's been following us for a while, and he's the one that's been trying to start the war between the angels and demons." He hadn't realized that until just now, but he suddenly knows with chilling certainty that this is the entity Chuck warned them about, that would be attacking both groups. "He's the Greek god of fear. He can make any of your worst fears become reality, which is why you couldn't fly, why Michael attacked you during the fight, and why I used my hellfire to nearly barbecue Mom."
Dean sighs again. "We'll figure it out, all of it. We'll keep Dad out of Hell, and we'll get you seeing only normal things." Thus saying, he turns to look at Sam, really look. "Dude. When was the last time you slept?"
"I don't mind talking about it later," Sam says quickly. "Maybe in that time I can figure out what I want. It's a foreign idea to me, that I would be allowed to be with Lucifer like that. I figured it was a pipe dream, that I'd have to move on and settle for someone else, like you said about if I was to mate Jess. But instead, I can have Lucifer. We just have to talk about when."
He guides Sam back into bed easily, because Sam is through with fighting for now. Adam coaxes him to sleep, then goes into the bathroom to wet washclothes and lie them on Sam. He watches him sleep with trepidation, fearful of more hallucinations.
"Samandriel," Michael answers. "We kept with family tradition, it's an angel name. He's the angel of imagination."
"Heaven claims most everything. We get the 'truly evil', based on our discretion, and those who make deals at the crossroads," Azazel answers.
Sam lowers both hands in a gesture of goodwill, though he's still ready to incinerate her if she makes a wrong move.
Sam closes his eyes and flops back against the pillow, but the vision of him bleeding, black blood dripping from his nose onto his hand keeps replaying. He's turning into a monster, either that or he's subconsciously afraid he's turning into a monster. There's not much difference at this point.
"Father, why are you allowing me to marry Sam? Is this your idea of a cosmic joke, to give me one of the few creatures I will not be able to resist?"
"Morning, Dean!" Sam yells, hugging his brother. "Morning, Cas! Morning, Michael!" He hugs the other two, who blink at him confusedly.
"I married you and made you Castiel Winchester because I believe you're my future. We are going to be amazing, because you're with me."
"I've been looking for you. I wanted to tell you that I didn't hold you responsible for what happened the other day. But John told me you left the hotel."
The fun comes to an abrupt end as Sam and Lucifer take on Michael. The second Michael gets hit with chocolate sauce he yells "Enough!" and uses his power to drench everyone in ice cold water, then waves a hand to clear away the mess. "Everyone upstairs to your rooms now!"
Sorry for the wait on this one, my lovely readers. I had a major chunk of this written out, and decided I hated the direction the chapter was going so I did some major revamping. Now that we're on the flip side, I'm pretty happy with how everything turned out. This will also probably be one of the last few chapters; though not to worry I've still got some major drama points on the way for our boys Dean & Cas, and of course the new lovebirds Sam & Lucifer (who will eventually mate, I promise. But freaking Sam wanted to be responsible and get to know Lucifer again first).
"Michael!" Sam screams, "Dean's afraid of flying!" Michael doesn't even know what that has to do with anything, but he bursts into action, flying up in the air just as Dean's wings disappear and he plummets to the ground at a speed that would break every bone in his body if he was still human.
Within minutes the Winchesters are sitting down to dinner with Michael's family. They have a great dinner full of laughter before the Winchester parents leave. Then with a wave John and Mary are on to Maine, and Sam had knots in his stomach as he says goodbye, thinking about begging his parents to take him with them. He's so nervous to see Lucifer again, and anxious that he might be angry, or worse, hurt by the way Sam left things. But he wants to compete with his class, and he wants to see Lucifer, so he stays quiet.
The moment is broken as Dean screams, "Ew!" Sam's brain loses control of his hands, and they fly of their own accord to Gabriel's shoulders to push him away. "Could you be any more gay?" Dean gripes.
"Only God knows." She huffs a sarcastic laugh. "Probably off somewhere acting like a freakin' idiot, and panicking because he's a freaking idiot."
Dean likes to talk a lot. He almost never stops talking, but he doesn't always need Castiel to answer him, so that's nice. He tells Cas about his mommy being a nurse, and his daddy driving big trucks. His daddy goes away a lot, and Dean doesn't like that very much. He tells Cas about the baby in his mommy's tummy, and how that means he'll be a big brother soon to a baby named Sam. He says he likes feeling his brother kick his hand, and offers to let Cas feel too, after supper.
"Oh, I plan to eat there too. I just won't be dining on anything that anyone else will be allowed to taste." Lucifer clears his throat and Gabriel tacks on, "Except you, of course. Or maybe Sam, because I think taking you on this table sounds like a fabulous idea." He finishes this statement with a lascivious wink at his brother.
"Careful," Sam teases as Balthazar's hands move to his hips. "Don't want Lucifer to kill you," he yells over the music.
Jared takes a breath and turns so he's facing away from them. He turns slowly. "Whatever you do, you will always end up here. Whatever choices you make, whatever details you alter, we will always end up...here. I win. So, I win."
"But what if he doesn't? I wish I could just wrap my arms around him right now and let him know how much I love him."
"Cas, just stop. I know what it means. And no, I already said I'm not coming home. He's a child! He won't be able to stand me on rut- I'll rip him apart! And we can't forget my original argument- he's still too young to tie his life to mine. I mean, he needs time to develop a personality separate from me; the world does not need two of me."
"I'm okay. I'm fine, Sammy," Dean says more sternly as Sam continues looking for injuries. "I just accidentally walked in on Michael in the shower. Wasn't expecting him to be in there. Left out some startled manly sound and vamoosed out of there."
Anna's hand flies up to stop the blade as Castiel brings it down. She jumps up and the two circle each other, obviously looking for weaknesses.
Cas falls into line as they hurry to the ER. "Prescott and Winchester," Dr. Prescott says as they barge into the room.
"Yeah, but it's complicated. It's complicated." Balthazar huffs, forcing a breath through his nose. "But yeah, I'm back for good. We're all coming back. And we're going to find houses, and start moving into the neighborhood." Balthazar pulls a pink pen from his pocket and uncaps it. Then he scrawls numbers onto Cas' palm. He folds Cas' palm over and taps his fingers lightly with his pen. "There. My new number. Pass it around to the family, and text me sometime, yeah?" He hugs Cas one more time. "I've missed you!" Then he's gone in a whirl of strong cologne that makes Cas gag.
"Surprisingly no. He told me he understands why we did what we did. He also told me that Castiel used to carry me, Dean, and Jimmy around when he was a baby. And he finished it off by telling me he thinks everyone is being kept in your Cage."
In the morning, Cas is woken by the smell of pancakes. Gabriel is standing at the stove, flipping them masterfully. "Morning."
"He said that I wanted him to pull that trigger. I never asked him to die! Where did he get that idea?"
Lucifer charges out of the pool and toward Rowena as she jumps up. "You better run!" he taunts as she backs away slowly. She makes a break for the pool, Lucifer tackling her from behind as she makes her escape. He bites her leg as they both hit the water, much to her son's amusement. "Gotcha!"
Cas makes this cute little mewling sound and his knees buckle slightly. Dean presses forward more, because who needs air, or even to stand, when he's finally kissing Cas? They fall together but don't stop kissing.
Samuel turns, nasty smile in place. "Dean. Sam. Exactly who I was looking for." He points a gun, previously unseen, at them.
"Besides, at least this way, you know God won't smite you if you kiss Cas. He wants you to kiss him."
Chuck laughs. "It's very much a benefit now. He learns what to do, and what not to do. But you're right. It's certainly a strength of his. And what about Castiel?"
"Yes you do," Lucifer agrees. "You've got an hour and a half," he decides with a pointed glance at his watch.
"I sent them back to their universe. They had a surprise birthday party for Misha that they all needed to be present for."
Adam nods, turning back to Sam. "Speaking of which, I heard you agreed to marry Lucifer. What on Earth is wrong with you? Did you not get tortured enough in the Cage, you need to sign up for it for the rest of your natural born life? And why are you marrying Gabriel? Isn't that the jerk that you told me killed Dean 103 times?"
"I know, Cas. I'd never want to erase you," promises Dean. "I guess I just like knowing you're mine, you know? Like, I like having people look at you but knowing that you're mine. I like sitting here with you doing homework and thinking that you're mine. I just like the idea of it."
"You didn't think I'd let them kill my brother, did you Cas?" Sam teases quietly. "They intended to kill you and use Lucifer to restart the Apocalypse."
The crowd goes wild. For the first time, Castiel is aware of more than Dean- his father and mother are in the front row next to John and Mary. Meg's behind them, her girlfriend Charlie next to her. Kali is there next to John and Mary, and Anna. Samandriel is with Anna, having gotten bored after he got to throw the flowers. Dean's friend Benny is in attendance with his girlfriend Andrea. Rowena and Crowley are there too. Cas stops looking at the crowd and looks to his husband instead. Dean grins at him, boyish and excited. "Ready to go?"
Sam suddenly has the feeling that he's the only person with sense in the room. "Lucifer, apologize, now."
"We can do it. And for relatively cheap, too. So if we're leaving from our airport in Kansas City, code MCI, we can fly into Boston Logan Airport, code BOS, from Southwest Airlines for $110 a person."
He makes Lucifer a sandwich in silence, putting it down on the table in front of his boyfriend, who's currently slumped over on the table. When the plate hits, he lifts his head and blinks at it in confusion. "What's this?"
Sam drops his bag on the floor with a thud. "I can't keep doing this. Mom and Dad are on eggshells with me. Sometimes I hate him, you know?"
Lucifer sits on a rock, dipping his toes in the water. Sam sits next to him, body tight to Lucifer's so he doesn't fall off the rock. They sit in silence for a while, until Sam breaks it. "Hey Luci, can I ask you something- well, something else?"
"More than just one," Gabriel tells him. "Potentially brain bleach, too." Sam hums in agreement, and that's the last thing he remembers until the sun shines in his eyes the next morning to wake him.
"There's demon blood flowing through his veins, pumping through his monstrous heart right this second."
"Hello, Lilith," Sam returns evenly. "You should keep your mutts under control, or I'll be forced to take them off your hands."
Throughout the entire argument, Sam realizes Lucifer's eyes never leave him once. Whereas Sam has resolved to pretend he doesn't exist, Lucifer is flat-out staring at him. It's uncomfortable and Sam is trying desperately not to squirm, though he can feel his face heating. A completely inappropriate part of Sam's brain wants to flirt, toss his hair like he's seen others do to keep that hot gaze on him. He doesn't. This is bad enough.
"Sure, honey." She turns to Dean and lowers her voice. "I like that one. I don't know about the other one, though. He's a bit... intense."
Dean wakes Cas Friday morning entirely too early. That is to say, before nine a.m. Cas never wakes up easily, and today is no exception- but with Dean bouncing him on the bed in a manner he usually reserves for Christmas, Cas is up quickly.
Dean smacks Balthazar on the back of the head, who turns on him with a fierce growl of death. "You think you're a big boy now, huh?" Balthazar says. Dean leans forward and bites him in answer, chuckling. "You're a pest."
"Seeing him today brought every ignored feeling to the forefront," Rowena tells them, hand coming up to cover Balthazar's. "You're right, Lucifer, it wasn't the best timing, but I wanted to rush ahead because I've wanted him for years. He mated me tonight because I asked him too, not because of any lack of tact on his part."
He feels as though he's just closed his eyes when he falls into another nightmare, this one featuring him standing in Lucifer's Cage as he looks around. There's dark figures in chains, and Sam approaches one of them. The angel looks almost dead, but there's no mistaking Gabriel.
Lucifer nods, seeing the wisdom in Sam's words. I've waited this long, I can wait a bit longer for you."
Dean makes grabby hands at him, and Cas comes closer so Dean can hold him. Their mouths meet again, and this time they exchange searing kisses. Dean can only think "Thank God for this."
Cas sees Michael head out after Lucifer, so he gives Dean a push to get him going. Then he heads off to see Sam.
"Your husband called. He wants to know who's topping tonight, him or you?" another student says amidst snickers.
Gabriel cackles. "No, I don't, but I'm just picking something a little different than everyone else."
Fake-Gabriel morphs into the red and black cloud that had been haunting Sam's visions. And though a cloud shouldn't be able to move anything, it heads toward Castiel with malicious intent. Michael's sword slips down from the sleeve of his suit and he hacks at the cloud ineffectually. It grabs Cas and lifts him off his feet, pulling him up and away.
"We didn't. When your brother materialized you in that room, you never looked around. Brady saw you appear through the window and we quickly figured out you were the real Sam and Dean. The others were quite impressive though. Where did you find them?"
Dean takes the decision out of his hands, as he often does. He wrenches away from the wall and viciously tugs his shirt over his head once more. The flannel over top has Dean looking back to normal. Only a tiny furrow of his brow betrays his pain.
Outside of class they're inseparable too. Mary and Becky both seem to gain new sons, because Dean or Cas are always over at the other's house. The only time you could tell which boy lived where was night, when two little boys already in their pjs would scurry over a fence together, give each other big hugs as though the few hours apart would destroy them, then one single boy would jump the fence alone and crawl into bed alone. And eight hours later they would climb back over the fence, hug again, and carry on with whatever they were going to do for the day, together again.
'Enough moping!' he orders himself fiercely. 'You're sixteen, act like it!' He kicks all the covers off and stumbles over to the air conditioner. It says it's at 75, so Cas jacks it down to 55. Then he strips down to his boxers and goes to raid the freezer, and lower every other air conditioner in the house to 55 as well. Possibly the air-conditioning is broken. He texts his father, who's with his mother at an author's conference. 'Think the air-conditioning is broken, just to forewarn you. Hope you're having a great time. Love, Cas.'
"Hey Mary, it's Michael...mmmhmmm....well it was certainly a surprise, that's for sure...no it's fine, she was totally understanding... I know, right? Oh, of course I will, Mary. Listen, I'll put them back on a flight Sunday...yeah, Martin Luther King Day will give them a day to rest before going back to school. And I'll talk to them. Oh absolutely. No Mary really, it's not a big deal. It's great to see Cassie, and you know I think of Dean as a little brother too... yeah I'll handle that. I'll appeal to their logistical side. I've got it all under control. Uh-huh. Well I love you guys, give my family my love, and Sam too. Remind all the pipsqueaks to write me- Lucifer is the only one who does. Yeah. Love you too. Bye."
"Yeah. Apparently Cas' greatest fear was that I wouldn't do well without him. As soon as that wasn't an issue, I was fine. I've been fine ever since I got a huge glass of water in me and got my voice back. Oh, and I ate a burger and some pie. That helped too. Love me some pie."
"No," Gabriel answers honestly. He crosses over to the dresser and yanks clothes out of it, throwing on the first outfit that comes out. He tugs on the clothes without another word, then says, "Okay, I'm dressed. I promise."
Ash runs up behind them and jumps on Jo's back, nearly knocking her over. There is a bunch of screaming as the family reunites. Once they break apart they head over to the table, Sam trailing them.
Dean looks at him with fire in his eyes. "You can't do that! We just promised 'until eternity do us part!' This is not the start of eternity."
She sits, glaring at Cas until he does the same. Cas follows her example meekly, resolving to talk as soon as he gets the chance. And during break, he does.
Michael appears suddenly and runs toward Cas with his blade out. Rather than the gentleness Sam has started to expect from Michael, he slams his body into Cas, dropping his blade. He touches Cas, and Cas' body lights up as he smokes out of it.
"Probably because my face isn't tear-streaked and I'm not wailing morosely about how Michael is unloved," he quips.
"I'll build the house, we'll show you tomorrow. Anything you don't like, we can fix easily. I can do all of the furnishings and stuff too. Oh, and Michael wants to get some wedding planning done tomorrow, so be sure you don't go to bed too late."
"Alistair. We've already dealt with your parents, you're next, and then we'll take out your older brother. He's going back on to Alistair's rack."
"And what do we have in it's place? What is that? No wonder you haven't been sleeping, if this fear entity is lying right next to you!"
"More dangerous up here," Sam remarks, walking to the edge and rocking there. "It's easier to fall." Thus saying, he hurls himself off the cliff.
Finally, Cas gains the upper hand through sheer persistence. Sam is certain that's the only thing that helped Castiel win, just stubbornness and a determination to be the victor. It works though.
"Sure. We've been married sixteen years, as of next month. And his debt is almost paid off, so that'll be my gift this year. Then next year we can get a house together."
"Get in the car Lucifer, we're waiting on you again. Dean, you're not paying for them. I've got it. Now you quit apologizing and get in the car."
"But in his heart of hearts he does want to be with you," argues Gabriel, tone uncharacteristically serious.
"It's not okay! This is exactly the kind of thing that could ruin this marriage scheme of Father's!"
Without giving anyone a chance to argue, he puts his hand on Ben's shoulder and drags him away to Baldur for a hotel room. In minutes Ben is settled into a room on the second floor near the Winchesters. Claire ends up in a room across from him, and Benny gets a room on the first floor.
He can just barely see the gleam of teeth as Cas answers. "I know you know, Sam. Michael and I both noticed that Dean was beginning to exhibit signs of growing wings. That's part of the reason he was so upset when you went missing yesterday; he's more irritable and moody right now. Last night the bumps on his shoulders were hardly there, but I am certain Dean has noticed them today and, most likely, that is the reason he turned me down when I requested he teach me to kiss as he and Michael did, and not because of any dislike of me personally."
Sam doesn't answer. He pulls the gun up and trains it on Lucifer, eyeing him speculatively. Lucifer wisely removes himself from the group, hands up to show he means no harm as he backs off again.
Sam walks begrudgingly back into the hotel. He should go talk to Michael if he's not going to sleep.
Michael is easy to find, if only because he is in the room next door to Sam's own. Sam raps on the door impatiently, ready to battle for what he thinks is right- a more equal division of the souls going to Hell, and also a way to keep his own father out of it. Michael will most likely disagree with him, and with that thought Sam pounds harder on the door.
Lucifer shrugs at the demons as though to say, 'What can I do?' and steps over his vessel and his brother. Then he reaches down, grabs both men's shoulders, and physically yanks them into the room with him, jumping around them again to shut the door.
"My debate team at school has been invited by Michael's law firm to come and compete in a debate with their lawyers! We're going to go over Columbus Day weekend!"
"I am the Head of the Operating Room. I am the best surgeon you could intern under. And I have picked you to intern under me. So show up tomorrow, on time, listen and learn from me, and keep your sass to a minimum in front of others. Do you understand?"
"I'm so sorry, Sam. I didn't want to leave." She hugs him tighter. "Thanks for killing Brady for me."
He stares down the hellhound's skeletal body and has an insane idea. 'If I break off a piece of its rib, I wonder if that's sharp enough to pierce his heart?' The hellhound lashes out with sharp claws, ripping the tender skin of Sam's abdomen into bloody ribbons, but he doesn't feel it. He reaches out, dragging the hellhound closer to him through sheer force of will, and wraps his hand around the ribs. He forces the ribs to stretch, pushes all of his strength into separating the ribcage farther. There is a loud crack, and Sam laughs as the rib cracks off into his hand. Without a moment to spare, he thrusts the piece of broken rib into the hellhound's heart.
Sam steps forward, taking off his shirt and folding it neatly. Alistair is staring at him, and Sam smirks at him. "If you think you see something you like, I wouldn't. Most people I have sex with tend to die, and that's before I met Gabriel and Lucifer."
'That's why I was able to find you. I did tell you, MFEO. Your body literally called out to me as you slept, that's how I was able to enter your dreams. Unfortunately, it wasn't enough for me to be able to find you, Castiel's warding did its job a bit too well.'
It's a running joke they've had for years, and so Lucifer retorts as he always does, "And you're such a slut." The words register in his brain, and he's mortified. "I am so sorry!"
Dean roars with laughter, which makes Cas smile. He loves when Dean laughs, even if he doesn't always know why he's laughing.
The angel pats Sam's back, clinging strongly for a moment before he releases Sam again. "I have been worried about the two of you as well. I worried that Dean wouldn't do well, and that the two of you would show up here next, captured." He looks around and smiles a bit at Lucifer before asking "Where's Dean?"
Sam lets out a bitter laugh as he glances around the room. "Last time I was here, I was detoxing from demon blood. I didn't think I'd ever come here again."
Cas is silent. He has imagined their children, he assumed all Omegas did at one point. He'd always pictured a dark-haired little boy with Dean's hazel eyes, but he always had assumed Dean didn't want kids. And Cas was happy with Dean and his career, so he had tucked his fantasy away into the back corners of his mind. Dean's words bring everything back to the forefront, and Cas is hit with a wave of yearning for children he's never met.
"You don't," Lilith says bluntly. "There's only been one person in all of history to accomplish it, and that's because he had an angel garrison come for him."
"Get your hands off of him, Alistair," a commanding Alpha male voice orders from behind Sam. "He's asked twice."
"I won't let you take him. That can't happen!" Sam insists. "Do whatever you need to do to me, but don't touch him."
"Mechanics make a lot less money than nurses or doctors, though. At the risk of sounding sexist, do you think that will bother Dean?"
Tears well up in Cas' eyes yet again, and he stubbornly scrubs at them. Small arms wrap around him, and Dean whispers, "It's okay. Don't cry. I liked having you come play with me."
"You're right I'm going to coddle. You may not remember, but you were SHOT, Sam, I thought we lost you-"
"Ish," Sam repeats playfully. He pulls back both hands and releases a blast of hellfire from his palms surrounding the enemy in impenetrable flames, gathering the attention of allies and foes alike.
"Dawn. In a church, so the morning sunlight can come through the stained-glass windows and bathe us in the beautiful colors," answers Michael.
Sam glances around the room one more time. "I'm leaving," he decides. "I'll be outside, Michael," he calls.
"The shattering of the Impala's back right window. He's got a crowbar and is breaking the window." Another crash, and Cas reports, "that was the back windshield."
"You guys!" Gabriel slams the screen door next as he bolts out. "Hi Mary! I found my mate! Her name is Kali, and she's tall, and gorgeous, and she looks like a goddess. She's perfect! She's got this dark skin, and luscious black hair, and beautiful almond eyes, and- and- and I can't believe I found her! I gotta go call Michael and tell him!"
"Yeah, sure. Listen, I'm at their house, I'm actually standing outside on the porch like a creep because I'm still on the line with you. I'm going to let you go so I can talk to Sam."
Cas picks up the remote to turn off the TV, trying to stop his fingers from reaching out to stroke Dean's hair. It's the perfect length for him to run his fingers through. He doesn't, but it doesn't matter because Dean startles awake anyway.
Sam glances around, but there's no hope that he can figure out where they are. He leaves Lucifer for just a moment and begins heading due west, following the path of the setting sun. There's a road, but no signs of civilization in either direction. He's nervous to drag Lucifer along the road, but on the other hand, he can't just leave him there while he meanders to civilization. Thus decided, he turns back to his fiance's body and begins dragging him along, back to the road.
"I arranged the books by information type. There's lore on demons here, werewolves over here, ghosts, shifters, you get the picture. I got a lot of this stuff on demons from Crowley and Azazel, it's a wedding gift for you from them. There's leisure books over here, though honestly I wasn't quite sure what you read for leisure so I just picked a bunch of random things. Dean suggested some titles, so I made sure to include those, but I still can't promise we got everything. If you think of any you want and don't have just let me know. Oh, and of course you can reorganize anything, I wasn't sure how to set it up so I just guessed. They're arranged by section, then alphabetically by author's last name for now but if you want it any other way I can change it."
Lucifer laughs. "It won't last forever. You'll write to me, right? Often?" He feels uncharacteristically shy asking, but he should let Sam know he's important, and that Lucifer isn't going to forget about him.
Dean is alone in his room for once when Mary comes knocking at his door. He's working on homework, but Mary's visit promises a distraction.
"I know, Lucifer, I know. I'm just telling you it's an option. Not a good one, not one we should even consider, but she offered. The demons are concerned too."
"Well, maybe I could be like a second Alpha for you. Like, I could help protect the house when your husband isn't home!" suggests Lucifer, bouncing on his toes excitedly.
Lucifer and Gabriel both wince. "He woke up and said something about how he didn't expect to experience love with me. Then we kissed. A lot. I didn't really think anything of it because I thought maybe he had time to think it over and decided he would try this whole relationship thing with me-us," Gabriel corrects automatically. "With us. Lucifer had been in the shower and he came out for his shirt, which Sam and I were laying on top of. He reached over to tug it free and Sam freaked for a second. He flipped me over him so he could protect me. And then he told Lucifer he loved him."
"C'mon, the firm is taking the students out to dinner. Tell Dean and Cas they're coming too. We'll get a table for us six," Michael says.
"Sam and you were always opposites, Dean. You were my vessel, he was Lucifer's. Is it truly such a surprise to find that if you are to rule heaven, he is to rule hell?"
"Not exactly. We're from an alternate universe," Jensen says. "We play you guys on a TV show. I'm Jensen. Sam-lookalike is Jared, and that's Misha."
It's not like Michael has ever been good at telling Cas no. "Yes, of course. Let me just Google what I have to say." Thirty minutes later, Michael is prepared. The children run outside together and form a processional in the yard. Sam is ring-bearer. The other siblings fan out on either side of the two little boys, even Uriel, who has to be pried away from his summer homework. With all the solemness of a real wedding, Dean Winchester marries Castiel Novak.
Sam can't, so he doesn't answer. Instead, he lays back on the blanket, allowing the warm August sun to beat down on his face. "This was great. Thanks, guys."
"Why did you take them?" Sam asks, ignoring the backhanded compliment. His body is tensed for a fight, but if he has any chance of getting out of this without taking on the literal god of Fear he'd like to take it.
Sam is already there, leaning toward Jess in a moment that clearly is meant to exclude the rest of the world. Lucifer stops short, quickly enough Cas bounces off him. He hadn't realized Jess is the girl that had been all over Sam at the debate!
They take Sam to see Aladdin on Broadway, which he loves. The guy playing the genie is so good he gets a standing ovation during 'Friend Like Me' and the poor man is so impacted he's nearly in tears. It's awesome.
Lucifer's eyes flash angrily. "Do you not have a sense of self-preservation, or do you just not think? What would have happened if Dean hadn't been fast enough to catch you- if we hadn't seen you- if you'd hit the ground and died?"
Sam smirks. "No, I'd just rather not take a knife to the back courtesy of one of you three. I've done that before thanks to Azazel and Jake, and I'd rather not do it again."
"Where is he? This concerns me. If not for the fact that I know he's hiding from me I'd go find him myself."
"I don't know. If I was him, the answer would be 'yes definitely.' But I'm not." He turns his head to the side to be sure the wall looks fine. "Anyway, I'm just saying it's something to think about," Balthazar says once he concludes that the wall fine. "Breathe, Sam," he orders as he realizes Sam is panicking.
Lucifer nods. Sam turns his attention to the front again, only to realize with shock that Cas is fighting. Sam doesn't know this angel. Unlike Anna, this man seems to prefer to stay on the ground. He's a vicious fighter, and Sam can tell right away he's much better than Anna.
"I don't know, okay? I don't know. I have an idea. It's a vague idea, and I'm hoping to Father I'm wrong. If it's what I think it is- well, if it is, none of us are going to be safe."
"One final thing Sam. My greatest fear. If I haven't come back yet, then the fear god knows I'm onto him and I'm being held somewhere. My greatest fear is that my family won't come for me. Good luck." The screen cuts to snowy static, and Sam leans back against the couch. They're in grave danger, and in a split second, he knows what he has to do. 'Lucifer, I need you. Come alone.'
Cas laughs, but cuts himself off with a quiet gasp. "The baby is kicking!" He grabs Dean's hand first, placing it on his stomach though Dean's felt it many many times before. The baby kicks his hand too. Sam's hand is the next, then Lucifer, Michael, Rowena, Balthazar, and finally Gabriel.
Something must happen that Sam misses, because Cas has Anna on her knees now, angel blade to her throat. They stare at each other for a moment, and Cas reaches to help her up. Anna trots off, head held high with dignity, and Sam lets out a breath he didn't realize he was holding. Cas looks fine, no blood or oozing grace to speak of.
So that's why Sam's here, at their house, while everyone else is getting ready for Dean's wedding tomorrow. He's looking for clues, anything out of place that will let him know he's not going completely crazy. However, it's hard to know what Gabriel would leave as a hint. "If I was Gabriel, and I was going to leave a hint, where would I leave it?" Sam mutters to himself.
Mary purses her lips. "Your father is having a hard time with everything. He was there for the wedding, but he wasn't sure he wanted to come to the reception."
"Here," Lucifer says to Sam, offering his hand. "Come with me up to our hotel room. I'd like to show you something."
He climbs into the driver's seat and leans back, spacing out until his family climbs into the Impala with him. Mary climbs into the front again, and John and Adam in the back seat. It is silent the entire way back to the stupid motel. Once Sam parks, Mary and Adam scramble out like they've been lit on fire. John doesn't move.
"Dean was planning to hide out in Baby and invited me to join him too. We can both join, if he'll let us."
"Don't touch me!" Sam yells louder, desperately praying Jess comes back. His prayers go unanswered, and his heart beats faster inside his chest in panic. It feels like a tiny hummingbird thrumming in his chest as the man reaches for him again.
Gabriel crawls onto the couch like a gangly colt, but he manages to get comfortable quickly, snuggling into Sam and shutting his eyes. Sam grabs the textbook he was going to start with and flips it open, dropping a hand to mindlessly stroke Gabriel's hair as he does so. Gabriel purrs low in his throat.
They do as Mary says, both of them escorting her to the dining room on their elbows. Sam is struck with a heady sense- he had never imagined that he would ever see his Mom again, and she's here with him, forgiving him for her death and about to see him get married. He's so abruptly thankful that when they escort her to her seat, he gives her another tight hug just because he can.
When you two stopped those demons and killed Azazel, I knew that you were going to be a different man than the monster I had begun to believe you would be. I went to heaven then and watched over you from there.
Castiel does not zap Dean back to normal. Instead, he fixes Lucifer with a pitying look. "Sam will be alright, Lucifer. And I think, with time, he will grow to love you as you love him."
Sam swings his body to the other side, staring down Gabriel and Lucifer. "This is news to me!" Gabriel exclaims.
"I went to Stanford to get books on Political Science," Sam explains as he gulps down the concoction, making a face at the taste.
"Give me the phone!" Sam orders, grabbing it back and entering the address. Then he drops it into his lap and takes off, careening like a crazy person down the road. He hardly brakes even as they enter Bobby's junkyard, steering masterfully around the cars that haven't moved since he began driving.
There's unrestrained glee when Lucifer finally steps free of the Cage. Sam feels his shock as he searches for him and doesn't find him, and then he goes after Nick. Automatically, Sam can see the difference between Lucifer's chasing after him and chasing after Nick. It's true, Lucifer had offered not to harm his family, to resurrect them. And though he offered Nick the same, and appeared as Nick's wife in much the same way he appeared as Jess, he had not terrorized Sam as he did Nick. Sam feels a sudden flash of guilt toward Nick. Perhaps, if Lucifer had appeared to him in the same way, he would have said yes a lot sooner.
The scene changes suddenly, Mary Winchester smiling at him before she slides up to the ceiling and bursts into flame. John's voice, disjointed as he screams, "This is your fault!"
"I don't want to hurt Castiel," Lucifer reassures him, but Sam is past the point of listening. He swings the gun up, the safety still off as he holds it beneath his chin. "What are you doing?" Lucifer barks, alarm in his voice for the first time in the conversation. Neither man notices Dean run off with purpose in his eyes.
There's senior pictures of three boys: both Winchesters and Cas. Dean's picture is him in a green flannel and jeans, leaning against Baby with a lazy smirk. In his hands he's holding a wrench. To the left of his picture there's a picture of Sam, dressed in a black button-up and dark pants, holding a gavel with a mock-serious expression. His hazel eyes are sparkling, belying his stern expression. To the right of Dean's picture is Castiel, dressed head to toe in navy blue scrubs, stethoscope stretched between his fingers and held behind his head. He's got a slight twist on his lips, like he's trying hard not to laugh. Beneath those three pictures there's one more: Dean and Cas, both in black graduation gowns clutching diplomas, heads thrown back as they laugh at something together. The empty space to the right is clearly for one on Sam's graduation day.
They roll around in a pile, Lucifer taking a bunch of hits but giving more. The sound of a gun cocking is what finally stops the fight.
Gabriel shakes his head. "Not in this case. It's rude, very nearly a challenge to Dean's mates. Between angels, you shouldn't heal another angel's spouse or soon to be spouse. It's like saying you don't think they can take care of them."
"Kidnapping," Chuck answers seriously. "Listen, here's what I've foreseen: the best things, the most balanced in the universe, come in threes. God, Jesus, Holy Spirit," he says, ticking off each person with his finger.
"Forever. That's all Sam and I have left, an eternity with our angels. And that's how long Michael will continue to be different. He promised."
"He started to see you. You spoke to him, helped him on some of our jobs, but in the end you turned against him like you always do. I think, when he said that this was what you wanted, that he forgot that he was actually seeing you and not a hallucination. Your hallucination self, Hallucifer, must have told him at some point that you wanted him to shoot himself. So now he was trying to give you what you wanted."
"Letting this end the way you want it to," Sam answers him calmly, "because if I give you what you want you have no reason to come after him." His eyes drift shut as his finger tightens on the trigger.
"I know, Lucifer," Rowena agrees, reaching out to cup his face. "You don't have to be afraid. He doesn't know, that much is obvious. And I don't think he'd let you hurt him."
Sam just laughs. "You guys always said I have him wrapped around my little finger. If anyone is doing the pushing, i think it will be me."
Dean doesn't answer him for too long. Finally, he says, "You can't know that. But I can. He's been through so much, it would be stupid if it would be a fever that ultimately kills him." He goes silent again, watchful eyes trained on the bed. Sam's body jerks and shudders as shivers rack through him again before he goes still. The family keeps watching, each of them rooting for Sam to make it through.
Great. It's the first day of class and everyone is already going to know he's an outcast. Cas straightens his spine tightly, his go-to move now to express his anxiety. He's been working a lot to improve his confidence, and hopefully it paid off.
It's only when Misha gives himself a paper cut that the why gets answered. Castiel, who's sitting with Dean on his lap helping the three TV superstars do research on how to send them back, begins bleeding as well. He doesn't notice, but Dean does, and when he looks up he realizes Misha is bleeding too.
"Because I was afraid she was right. I didn't want to hurt you, I was trying to help you. But seeing you now, I don't think I helped. I think I hurt you badly. And I'm so, so sorry. That was never my intention."
"I know. And I know that you're concerned. I would love to tell you that I will not backslide, but I can't promise. I also know that you are used to protecting me, but I'm willing to fight for this."
"Lucifer!" Poor Sam startles upright, fumbling for a weapon before coming up with the picnic basket in lieu of a better option. He's ready to swing until he identifies Michael, who clearly just popped in to interrupt their date and to save Sam from answering Lucifer's question. "I've been calling you! We're supposed to be picking a wedding venue! Did you lose the schedule I gave you?"
If you walk through the living room, you come to the kitchen. It's huge. There's chrome appliances everyone, and over half the things Sam sees he doesn't know the name for. Gabriel whoops and runs over to the industrial fridge, which is big enough for him to crawl into. Once he's back out, he snaps his fingers and puts tons of groceries inside. "Breakfast here today," he decides. "A kitchen this beautiful deserves to be broken in pronto."
She shoves him, Lucifer shoves back and then has to grab her because she's off balance and nearly falls in the pool. "I hate you," she tells him.
"It worked, didn't it?" Sam remarks as Dean flaps carefully five feet off the ground, Cas hovering nearby to grab him if he falls.
"Thanks for getting me out of there with the demons. I didn't want to keep dancing with them. Though I'm not sure you grinding on me is a better alternative."
"Well, he did just pick him." She looks over to see the two archangels standing inside the door. "Gabriel, you're on Sam's team too. Your pick, Dean. Why don't you pick two as well?"
Cas' heart stutters as he imagines possibilities. As a young Omega, it's quite possible that Sam is being sexually harrassed- or worse. "So long as it's not dangerous to you or anyone else," he promises.
"We are going to take as long as possible to get to the hotel tomorrow, by the way," Dean says. "I just don't want to play nicely with Michael any sooner than I have to."
"You'll be fine! And just think, you'll probably meet loads of beautiful girls with British accents," teases Lucifer.
"Can I come in?" he asks, twisting his hands nervously. "I'm sorry, I know I'm interrupting at a bad time, but I saw something you need to be aware of."
"Sure we could. We both have money, and we could just go to Massachusetts. I mean, we're married, which means your family is my family. So, Michael's my brother too. And if he thinks that he's unwanted and his family thinks he's a mistake, then we should definitely go and let Michael know how much we both love him, and, most importantly, tell him we don't think he's a mistake."
"I know how that goes. Listen, if you need someone to talk to, I wrote down my number. Give me a call." She hands him a napkin with ten digits written in bright pink pen.
Sam's blood runs as cold as Lucifer's normally does. "So you intend us to give up our brother, and our family, in return for our parents? We will not allow you to have them. We don't intend to restart the Apocalypse."
The first outfit he puts on is white. It's Sam's tongue-in-cheek way of mocking this whole idea, he's dressing himself up as a sacrifice. Or a virgin, which he is not. So, just a sacrifice. He looks pure and clean and completely innocent.
"My chance to back out came and left already, round about the time the tow-headed boy in the sandpit told me we'd get married one day and I'd drive a car just like his."
The bartender squeals loudly. "I've wanted to see him forever!" She rushes on with, "I'm sorry, we're so rude! I'm Lilith, and this is my mate Azazel."
With another loud click, Claire is free and throwing her arms around Sam's neck. "Thank you!" she gasps as she releases him.
"I don't know, but we'll find her. Not to worry, she wouldn't leave without you," he reassures the child. "Rowena!"
"I sent the boys here specifically so you'd have to go to Hell. You were too well-protected, and I needed you to be warned of what's coming. The visions aren't telling you enough."
He starts bumping the temperature up on the air conditioner closest to the front door, until it's up at 74, right where he likes it. As he goes around increasing the temperature on all the air conditioners, he realizes that the cookies-n'-cream ice cream he bought as a study snack is gone. He only bought it last night. "Cassie, if you ate my ice cream I'm going to freakin' kill you!" he calls.
Dean slumps to the ground, wings curling tightly around his body. "After Cas and Crowley rescued Sam from Hell, we realized that they had left his soul behind. Soulless Sam was, to put it nicely, a monster. But he didn't have any recollection of his time in Hell, so we thought it was a blessing at first."
Sam is working on the lock on the handcuffs around his wrist when he answers. "He's here, with Cas. They're going to kill the vampires. I'm getting you out of here."
He realizes everyone is starting at him a second too late, and hears Judge Moseley ask if he's okay. He makes up a lie about not having enough sleep- which is true, but how can a lack of sleep distract him when Sam is right there, within reach, within biting and mating distance?!
They eat dessert in silence. Sam leaves, and Lucifer doesn't even realize he's watching to be sure Sam makes it next door safely until Rowena clears her throat. "So. That's him."
Cas has no argument for that, so he crawls into his own bed, Dean with him for the first time that's not heat-related. It's somewhat nerve-wracking.
Unfortunately the only answer they have as to why Jensen, Jared, and Misha are all running around is just theories. Nobody seems to know how they got there, or why.
Lucifer shrugs. He can't think of anything else, and Sam's still looking like he wants to kill someone. But then he turns the blade toward his own palm and slices. Lucifer is fairly certain he squawks like a chicken. He's trying to get the blood to stop flowing. How deep is the cut? Skin is separated, but are the bones and tendons fine? How about the nerves? He should be able to tell, but because Sam is close to immortal and can't be healed, he can't tell. Can humans bleed out from hand cuts? How much blood is too much?
"It has nothing to do with the fact that you're a demon. This thing preys on your fears. The more people we take, the worse off we are. So we're not taking Crowley or Rowena either, we just need them to tell us how to get there," Lucifer explains in an attempt to keep the peace.
"If the problem is safety, why don't Dean and I go too?" suggests Cas. "We can stay with him, and if you're not comfortable with a hotel, we can ask to stay with Michael for the weekend. I'm sure he'd accommodate."
"Anyway, this god does exactly as advertised- he brings your worst fears to life. I think he's mainly been feeding off of you- that's why Michael got possessed, is because you were worried Dean would get hurt. It's also why you were able to burn Mary with your hellfire- because you were worried somewhere deep inside of you that you would end up hurting her, so you did. I think that's also why you've been having your visions, as a way of taunting you with the future. I'm not 100% certain on that though, that could also be a "gift" from Dad. Anyway, I digress. The problem is, while this god has latched onto you, he doesn't have to stay that way. He can take anybody's fears and use them against them. The more people you take with you to hunt him, the more fears he's going to have to work with. Honestly, I would only recommend taking one person besides yourself, and even then, only because it's not safe to go by yourself. Obviously, I can't tell you who to take, but I'm going to recommend that you don't take Dean. If I remember correctly, one of Dean's worst fears is flying. I don't know if he's quite gotten over that, and I wouldn't want to find out what can happen to an angel who can't fly. I would rather you bring Lucifer, but again, that's up to you. Plus, it depends on your fears. You need to be completely over your fear of him hurting you, or else you'll probably end up getting hurt by him at some point. I guess what I'm saying is, if you're going to take someone, try to figure out what their biggest fears are before leaving so you have some idea what you're up against."
With a final pout his direction, Jess succumbs to the beat of the music. She dances off, until Sam can just barely see her blonde head bobbing as she dances to Beyonc's 'Run the World (Girls)'. It's her favorite song.
Sam shrugs. "Dunno. You'd mourn for a while, I guess. Take comfort from each other. And get over it eventually."
Cas hears him run out and say something excitedly to Dean before the front door opens and closes again. Dean walks into the kitchen, bouncing Jack, who's been lulled to sleep. "Sam said he remembered being at Stanford?"
"The rest of tonight?" Sam echoes. "Mmmm. Tragic. Whatever will you do without sugar for the rest of tonight?"
Sam stares at the blanket as his heart beats faster in shock. He hopes desperately that they will keep talking about this, but Lucifer doesn't say anything else about it. Instead he suggests, "You should go find him, Gabriel. We need to try to spend time with him, though it would certainly be easier if he wasn't as stubborn."
"Yes, he was. It wasn't your fault. And I want you to know that I forgive you," Mary tells him, pulling him into a hug. Without Sam even realizing it, his arms come up to hug his mom, drawing her in. She smells like roses, and he can feel tears start to well in his eyes. He doesn't let go for a while, long enough that everyone besides Dean have left the room. Even Michael, Cas, Lucifer, and Gabriel are gone.
"Because I hate Gabriel. I despise Gabriel with all of my being, because he was meant to be a pagan god and instead he betrayed us. He left us all fall to ruin while he prospered as an angel. So I looked for my revenge. And I found it in you. A human, a gloriously weak, wonderfully fearful little human whom Gabriel loved but was so wrapped up in his own fears for the future- well, Sam, when you basically gift-wrapped yourself like that for me, how could I possibly resist? You were so delicious, offering up fear after fear for me. I played them all out, and let myself run rampant again. You made it so easy for me."
"You two idjits listen to me. If your father can't accept the two of you, then you just leave him to his stubborn stupidity. The two of you are grown men who have accomplished things your father only dreamed of, and if the worst thing anyone can say about you is that you married a man, you're doing d**m well. And if your father can't accept that, he's dumber than I thought."
"Hmm?" Lucifer shakes himself out of his thoughts. "No, no. I'll just, be going then." He vanishes quickly.
"Yeah. I don't remember why actually, but I told my teacher it was because spiders should never be that big. You should have seen the look on her face!"
"I'm not in your head. That's written all over your pretty face," Gabriel answers, tapping Sam's nose.
Sam leads the way, ensuring that they don't end up in the one he's familiar with. It's enough to re-live Gabriel's death once.
"But ultimately he made the right choice! He died to protect us, and he gave us the secret to reopen your Cage."
Gabriel takes hold of it then, conjuring a pen and beginning to tackle the list. "Location: active volcano in Hawaii. Flowers: hibiscus-"
Cas says nothing for a moment. The whole thing concerns him, makes him worry for his brother. If these allegations are true, his career will be ruined before it gets started in the U.S. But that's ridiculous. Balthazar would never do anything like that, none of his brothers would. Plus, Balthazar in particular feels like Sam's a younger brother he's meant to protect, it wouldn't even cross his mind to have sex with Sam.
Lucifer looks up, eyes going comically wide. "Your souls look identical. I've never seen that before," he breathes.
Cas does, and he shouts from the pain. His legs won't cooperate with him, and he's trying to brace and just can't. He collapses against the chairs. Then he feels something grab his leg to anchor him, and looks down to see Lucifer. "It's okay, Cas," he says. "It's okay. I've got you."
"I paid attention to how hot girls dance. Always have. Probably always will," Dean answers with an unrepentant smirk.
"Sorry I'm late!" Sam bellows as he jogs up. "They're reconstructing the sidewalk on the next street over, and it put me behind. Do we have time for me to shower, or do you want to go right now?"
They're interrupted by a firm knock on the door. "Hello Sam. My name is Dr. Prescott, I was the surgeon who took care of you."
"Find something in him and call it out, Lucifer. That's what we're meant to do." He leans back, throwing his legs up on the counter. "I love you, son. And I think you are going to be a wonderful Alpha for a lovely Omega one day. You two will change the world. You are already a good Alpha, but I don't want you to settle for good when you can be exceptional, do you understand?"
"He typically does," Lucifer remarks dryly. He smiles at Sam, which makes him nervous. He knows several smiles of Lucifer's- 'I am evil,' 'I just killed a man whoopsie,' 'I just manipulated you,' and 'Hi, I'm marrying your son, Mary Winchester.' This smile is none of those, and it makes him nervous. "Come join us."
Michael manages to coax Sam in once the water is drained out of the tub, but the second the shower comes on he lets out an inhuman screech and claws at Michael's arms in a desperate bid for freedom. "Stop it!" he gasps, "I'm not broken." Then the words turn into a begging litany for "DeanDeanDeanDeanDeanDean."
There's a crack as an egg falls from Cas' hands. He grabs the calendar and flips, mouthing numbers. "Oh no no no no," Dean hears him mutter.
"Shut up, Lizzie. You're fired, grab your things. You don't harass any customers, particularly not lawyers. That's idiotic. Sir," he says, turning to Michael, "is there anything else I can do to make this right?"
Dean's arms slot against him, pulling Cas into his arms and hooking a leg over him. He falls asleep with his nose buried in Cas' hair.
"Gabriel killed your brother! And don't you dare tell me that didn't bother you, because I was inside you and I know you're lying."
When his mom comes looking for him hours later, she finds him on the floor still, leaning against Castiel's bed. His mouth hangs open as he snores, but he still holds his youngest brother carefully. Cas snores too, and neither boy wakes as Becky places a blanket over them and sneaks out of the room again.
As Michael was being so stubborn, Sam got to stand by and watch as life slowly faded from Dean. It wasn't that his brother wasn't laughing, or smiling, or that the light was missing from Dean's eyes- those were all things Sam had seen before, mainly if Cas was gone from their lives for a bit or dead, but this time it was that Dean just didn't want to function. He stopped eating, and didn't drink alcohol. He stopped saying things loudly, and then he gave up on saying anything at all. Sometimes he didn't get out of bed, and if he did it was only because Sam visited and physically pulled him up. He was just...ceasing to exist, and it worried Sam more than anything else. He had seen Dean a lot of different ways, but he had never seen anything like this.
"If she wants to flirt with Lucifer that's certainly none of my business. After all, anyone would be lucky to end up with Lucifer, as mom always said."
"There!" Michael declares, spinning around quickly as he glances at the room. "It looks beautiful! Cas, Dean, are you two content with how it looks?"
"Inside voice, Sammy," Dean reprimands. He tells Michael, "I don't think we're going to get him in this tub without a huge fight, and fighting with him will only jack his temperature up."
Gabriel shakes his head, bolting to his feet and yanking Lucifer up with him. "I'm okay. We're okay," he promises.
Phobos laughs, a long evil cackle like a villain of vaudeville. "Well that won't do at all. If you won't play with me, I'll have to use someone else's fears. And luckily, your fiance has given me some wonderful ideas." He pulls an angel blade out of thin air and attempts to stab Sam.
Sam grabs the distraction, thrilled that Michael has offered him a different conversation. "Where are the flowers?"
Gabriel laughs. "Where's your sense of adventure?" He leans forward, crawling into Lucifer's lap to pluck the cupcake from his brother's lips. "You could've had it if you tried harder, Mooselet."
Michael races to the hospital. Before he even stops the car, Lucifer is already out and moving to the ER. "Hi, I think my brother was brought in? His leg would be bleeding- maybe he was shot?"
"It's not going to harm him, I swear. You were the one who was complaining last night that he didn't want to be around you because he was too scared of you, so I gave you twenty-four hours with him being in love with you."
"Fine. Leave me alone with him, I don't care," pouts Gabriel, throwing himself dramatically back onto the oversized bed.
Lucifer steps out into the hallway and lets the nurses know that Sam is finally awake. They head in, so he stays out in the hall, wandering off to an area where he can use his cell phone before he starts calling the Winchester and Novak families.
Sam nods. "He's planning to come back once I graduate from high school. They all are, including Balthazar, or so he says. Then we'll talk about the possibility of mating."
Mind made up, he leaves a note and tries to find someone's car he can borrow. Adam lets his car go without a fuss, so Sam is off.
"Let's go," Cas declares, sliding his chair back with decidedly more force than necessary. He strides across the bakery with determined strides, not even looking to ensure the others are behind him.
"But they don't really talk about it. And most times they're young too. Like Cassie and Dean." He falls silent for a moment. "Luce, you'll be related to Cassie on both sides of the family."
They're at supper that evening with both the Winchester parents (John is home for once, shockingly) when Dean remarks, "So did you guys talk about Sammy's crush on Lucifer at your Omega Night?"
"Okay," Cas finally concedes, "I just don't want you to lose money because Dean and I are telling everyone the gender of the baby."
"That picture of us is one of my favorites," Dean says, as Balthazar reaches out to touch it. "Cas looks gorgeous in it."
"Okay, good. Can you look at this worksheet on cross-sections and see how I did? I need a study partner."
Michael sighs, a sound full of loathing as he yanks his fingers roughly through his hair. "Then it appears my brother knows me better than I know myself."
"You choked me. Tried to kill me. Tortured me. Tried to possess me. And I'm still here," Sam whispers back.
Dean disappears into the kitchen for a moment, and he appears much more alert by the time he comes back. He's also carrying a bouquet of flowers with him. "Here. I got these for you."
"Oh, right." She frees him and helps him up. His skin has repaired itself while Sam dozed, so Alistair would have a fresh canvas to begin again. It helps them now. Sam wiggles one foot, then the other to encourage blood flow, then he takes off.
"Dean, dude, you sound awful," Sam tells him with a small smile. His brother still looks like a walking corpse swaying on his feet, and his gaze is still unfocused, but he's spoken, and that's more than Sam's heard for at least a week.
"I'm just imagining how that conversation is going to go. Like, are you going to get all hot and heavy one day and he's like 'Let's mate,' and you're like 'yeah no you keep that anaconda to yourself.'" Gabriel's shoulders shake as he whispers "My anaconda don't want none unless you got buns, hon!"
"I can't help it! You were literally created for me, OF COURSE I LIKE YOU! Only you can't stand me, so what does it matter?"
Sam bites his lip so hard it hurts. 'This is their play? They are going to try to force us to give up Lucifer and Cas?' He and Dean share a look and step back outside the hotel. It's not very difficult to find out who issued this proclamation, Raphael stands before the hotel with his arms spread. Several other angels are spread out behind him, eyes sharp as they wait to see if they should attack the Winchester brothers. One of them, to the right of Raphael, holds a sharp blade to Mary's throat. The angel to the left has John in the same position.
"Just you wait, it'll happen to you too. And someday I'll remind you of this conversation. You have a good night, Lucifer."
"What part of Hawaii requires a jacket at this time of year?" Sam and Lucifer exchange a guilty look. "No, you know what, never mind, I don't want to know. Just help me with this trellis!"
"I concede the point." He grows serious suddenly. "Rowena," he begins, taking both her hands in his own, "I will help you with the baby. Anything I can do to help, I will."
"I have to go up to Maine for Columbus Day weekend," John muses. "Why don't we let the kids go? They can visit with Michael and Lucifer, and you and I can take a vacation to Maine. We can drop them off, and pick them up on the way back. If they stay with Michael, we don't have to worry about him in a hotel. And all those family Alphas will be looking out for Sam, so he'll be much safer than otherwise."
Uriel stares at him, unamused. "Cas," he finally speaks when his poor brother has screamed himself hoarse, "you're being silly now. Mom and Mary understand you're an Omega going into heat. And Dean and you both know to use condoms to not get pregnant. You'll be fine. You're becoming an adult, sweetie. This should be really exciting."
Sam is in the kitchen cooking the burgers when Cas finishes, while Kevin is inflating one of the two white balloons with a helium tank.
"I'm just asking," Balthazar says. "Not trying to start a fight. But uh, while I'm up upsetting you, I'd like to ask one other question: does it bother you that Cas is making more money than you?"
Sam throws himself at Lucifer. He's kissing him like his life depends upon it, which is nice, but Lucifer is still trying to get the bleeding to stop. He flutters frantically for Sam's palm while they kiss, still applying pressure.
"You're next," Alistair promises Dean before he smokes out of his meatsuit. Lucifer growls, but he stalks off toward Sam, smoothing his hair out of his face.
"Kind of, yeah. So get this. You put the information about Hell out there. You explain how to make a demon deal. You talk it up like it's a great thing- we can do anything you want, and you'll keep it for ten years, for the measly price of your soul. Your brother died? We'll fix it. He'll live, and you- you'll get ten years of happiness with him. Afterward, we get your soul. But that way everyone knows what they're getting into. People will still be interested. Then we add on a catch. If you are interested in getting your Hellbound friend/family/whoever they are back, you can try to go to Hell and rescue them yourself. But if we catch you, we keep you too."
Unlike Michael, who decided to leave home at nineteen, Lucifer and Balthazar are both ready to leave the summer after they turn twenty -one. It's nearing that time now. Bal has been clingy lately, nearby all the time like he doesn't want to be away from his twin any sooner than he has to be. Consequently, he's also been hanging around with Sam, Rowena, and Rowena's son Crowley, because that's who Lucifer wants to be with.
It's Michael who answers. "Not alone, of course Castiel and I will rule by your side. Were you not informed? Balthazar, Bobby, and Crowley are to be heaven's ambassadors to Earth. Lilith, Ruby, and Azazel are ambassadors to hell, and of course Sam, Gabriel, and Lucifer will rule hell."
Gabriel saunters over to the bathroom, stripping his clothes off on the way. He's sashaying his hips, but the effort is completely wasted because Sam is facing the other way pulling on jeans.
Lucifer guides Sam down to the front, seating him next to Gabriel. "Remember, there's nothing to worry about. Dean's going to be fine," he reminds Sam, echoing Michael's words from the night before.
Dr. Prescott's gaze snaps up to him, then he barks, "Dr. Winchester, go get Dr. Blake instead. Tell her to scrub up, you can't be a part of this one. Go help with the other victims that are coming in. And page L&D."
Sam holds his cocoa close, a tiny smile on his face. "This feels familiar, too. If not for the fact that Gabriel isn't here and Dean is in the next room, this would feel just like an Omega Night."
Sam can't think, can't move, can't get to Lucifer. Because this is all a mistake, Lucifer can't be dead, they're getting married soon. This was probably Gabriel's idea, a lousy prank that he doesn't realize isn't funny. He staggers over to Lucifer and collapses to his knees, feeling desperately for a pulse though he knows logically he won't find one. Of course he won't, live angels don't get wing imprints burned into the ground.
Uriel blinks at him, uncertain where to even begin ripping apart Cas' ridiculous argument. "Where on Earth did you get those stupid ideas?"
His phone starts ringing in his back pocket, and he fishes it out. "Hey, baby...no, no, I'm fine...I went over to Cas and Dean's...yeah no it's a bit of a long story...yeah I will probably be back soon...no you don't have to. I'll walk home...yeah I'm sure...okay. You don't have to...Okay, if you want...yeah I'll let him know...okay. Love you too. Bye."
"Sam!" Gabriel hustles toward him, launching himself into his arms. Sam feels guilty as Gabriel hugs him tightly, both arms wrapped around his back. "Where were you?"
Sam steps into the light, making sense of the situation quickly. Samuel Campbell is back, and Adam, Claire, and Ben are holding him back.
It's yet another Omega Night. Cas has been sitting in Gabriel's bakery since 3 p.m., engrossed in a paper on ethical dilemmas while he waits for Gabriel's shift to end. After the paper they have to do a presentation, and it's a major part of their grade. Sam had just gotten off work at the restaurant next door, which means within the hour Gabriel will be off too.
"That's fine," Lucifer tells him, privately resolving to murder Dean Winchester at the earliest convenience.
"I know, sweetheart. But if there's hormones, you might both want to do things neither of you are ready for."
"That's great, Cas!" Sam balls one of the applications and tosses it across the room into the trashcan. "You don't want that one. The campus is sexist toward Omegas. They deny it of course, but you won't get into a medical program with that Board picking."
"And you won't be! That way the wedding can go on!" In this moment, everyone forgets that hurting Jared would result in Sam being hurt, and so on.
"Race you guys there!" Sam announces, and he trips Dean before he takes off down the hall. Dean roars profanities as he follows him.
"I knew it! Okay, then I'm going to call Mom and Dad and tell them I don't want to do this debate thing anymore."
"Did you seriously just use daft, ergo, and drumroll please, all in one explanation? Glad my husband is intelligent at least," Dean says.
Dean turns the car around, but no one says anything until they arrive back at the hotel. Sam pulls himself out of Baby reluctantly and troops back inside. He pays no attention to his brother, who has dropped back to talk with Cas, but steels his nerves and troops up to room 225. He pushes the door open and stalks inside.
Dean turns to the paper, skimming quickly as he shovels pie into his mouth. "No, I'm not giving up Baby, and that's final."
Sam's face is very pale when he answers, "I don't think- I can't- I mean, we haven't talked about that at all! Do you really think that's what he's coming back for?"
Sam is stubborn though, especially when it comes to those he loves. And in all of Lucifer's arguing, he's never once said no, or said that he doesn't want to marry Sam. He just thinks that Sam doesn't want to marry him, and that makes all the difference in the world, because Sam is totally willing to marry this angel, even if he's being an idiot. So he stays on his knee and says, "That's not an answer. Yes or no, will you marry me?"
As far as clubs go, it's not a bad one. It's well-lit by the disco lights on the dance floor, and the people aren't too creepy-looking. Sam feels safe, even without Jess sitting at the table with him. "Go on!" he encourages.
"If you've been writing our address wrong on each letter you send- twice a week for a year- then I'm sorry dearest brother but you are a complete imbecile and perhaps should be stopped from becoming a lawyer," Michael states with mocking assurance.
"Really, Dean? I knew you were into him before I died! Why do you think I refused to sleep with you?"
Sam reaches back and touches Gabriel's hand, squeezing once for strength before dropping it. "You cannot have Castiel. And you will not harm my parents."
"Probably not. But hey, at least he comes with a ready-built room you can put him into time-out in, if you need to. Michael does not have the same perk."
Dean makes it to the center of the circle before Anna lunges. She vanishes, so Dean keeps the blade raised cautiously as he turns in a circle, waiting for the inevitable attack.
"That's not true!" Lucifer contests hotly. "I tried to talk to you, Michael, Bal, and I always reached out to you, but you wanted nothing to do with us!"
With a put-upon sigh, Gabriel snaps his fingers and Michael's hair returns to it's normal dark sheen. Jared stares at him oddly for a moment.
"Winchester! We're headed over the ER. There's an Omega who is suspected to have received a date rape drug at a bar. He's uncooperative with allowing us to perform a urine test on him, and you're the only Omega on shift tonight."
Lucifer rests his head against Gabriel's for a moment, breathing deep to stop the tears welling up in his eyes. When he gets himself under control again, he asks, "Where's Sam?"
The angelic voice that thunders around the room is completely unexpected, and nearly knocks both human boys over with it. "In exchange for Mary and John Winchester to be returned to their sons free from harm, the rebel angels request Lucifer and Castiel in their place. The angels will deal with the rebels themselves."
Dean heads back to the table, balancing his plate carefully. As soon as he's in reaching distance Michael grabs him, and Sam wisely lets him go. Michael yanks him onto his lap and kisses Dean harshly to prove a point- mine, not yours. Next to them, Cas rolls his eyes at his brother's display of dominance and turns away.
"It is your destiny, Sam Winchester. We all know you and Dean are destined to bring Apocalypse. The time is nigh."
"He wanted your brother to kill you. That alone is grounds for being sent to Hell. To say nothing of the multiple times he hit you or your brother, the times he left you without money, the times-"
"All due respect, sir, I wanted to intern under the cardiac doctor. You'd be better off taking Meg Masters on as an intern, not me. Besides, she and I often switch back and forth between top of the class."
The music ends and Balthazar bows with a flourish. Then he takes Sam's elbow and guides him back to the table.
"Sammy, Sammy, Sammy, Sammy-" Dean singsongs, before morphing into "a little bit of Sammy in my life/ a little bit of Sammy by my side/ a little bit of Sammy's all I need/ a little bit of Sammy's what I see/ a little bit of Sammy in the sun/ a little bit of Sammy all night long/ a little bit of Sammy, here I am/ a little bit of Sammy makes Dean his man."
Sam's distracted by two other men entering the room. Apparently it's not enough to have Not-Sam, because now there is also Not-Dean and Not-Cas.
"Let's get him inside," Michael decides. "We can heal him from there." He guides the other angels into picking up Sam and carrying him inside.
When Cas' Mommy finally comes for him hours later, that's how they find the boys. She picks Cas up and takes him home, Cas waking up just enough to know he's with his Mommy before he goes back to sleep. His Mommy and Dean whisper together for a moment, and Cas is invited back again. Then they go home, Cas is tucked into his own bed, and he doesn't move again until early morning when the sun peeks through his curtains.
Oh God. Now Dean's being dense- because he honestly doesn't know, or because he wants to hear Cas say it? "The, um, that thing. You texted about."
"My fiances are both savages," Crowley states matter-of-factly. "Trying to make them both behave is a full-time job."
"Really? The Sam Winchester I knew would've wanted to be a lawyer and a lawyer only. So what's happened to you since you left us here after your girlfriend died in that freak fire?"
"I didn't mean to hurt him, that's why I wonder if there's something wrong with me; he was my best friend in the world and I hurt him. Badly. I wasn't trying to be mean, I just couldn't understand why he would waste his time talking to me."
Lucifer's coffee somehow managed to spew from his mouth and travel down the wrong tube to choke him at the same time. He looks horrified as he finally glances over to where Sam is standing. 'I knew it. I shouldn't have come.'
Crowley glares at him. "Would you rather him find out when his father dies, and launch a revolt against the kingdom he's leading?"
He tries to keep writing his essay, but now he can't focus. It would be the polite thing to write back once to explain, his mom is right. Lucifer never treated him as though he didn't matter, but by ignoring his letters for the better part of a year Sam is treating him that way. It's not that he doesn't care, he just doesn't know what to say. He's always so conscious of the fact that Lucifer is an adult. Most adults he knows don't care about the things he does.
Sam nods in agreement. Crowley's words are not something he wants to think about too closely anyway.
In response, Gabriel climbs her and shoves his tongue in her mouth. "You love it," he gasps when he pulls away to suck in air desperately.
"There was a temple built to him in the pass of Thesselia, from men's skulls. He typically rode into war alongside his father and his brother. When the battle between the Olympians and the Titans went down, he was given part of the thunderbolt of the lightning god, according to this website. I'm assuming that's why I've been seeing him as a black cloud with sparks throughout it."
Sam shrugs. "Dean did it too. I am so sorry. I wish there was more we could have done to help you guys. We didn't want-"
Michael picks himself off the floor. "Sorry, everyone," he says politely with a wave of his hand. After a moment, conversation resumes. Sam leans over Jess to begin introductions to Lilith and Azazel, and for the moment Lucifer feels calm again.
"No way, Sammykins. I crossed a line, and I'm sorry, but we need to talk about this to know what went wrong," Gabriel tells him.
Lucifer shuts down the computer and heads to their room, climbing up to the top bunk. He lays in silence, tossing and turning. "Just tell me," Balthazar calls up to him.
Michael leans over and gently tugs Castiel's fingers free. "What have we talked about with this?" he chides lightly.
"I'll hold you to that," retorts Sam with a flirtatious wink. He backs toward to door. "For now though, I think I better go."
"Castiel Winchester. Omega. I became a doctor because I want to help people." The class gets dead silent.
"I'm sorry. I wanted to reassure you that Michael and I are in no rush to select a house, since that topic of conversation seemed to upset you."
It's the first day back from their honeymoon, and Dean is already pounding on the door at six a.m. "I found a case. Vampires. Sioux Falls. Team Free Will, back together again. Here we go."
Michael, however, seems to already be on it. He snaps his fingers and tiny little Impalas pop up as decorations. More snaps, and the blue flower bouquet Dean has with him has a tiny Impala topper. Led Zepplin's 'Ramble On' bursts from unseen speakers, and Dean smiles so widely Sam's surprised it doesn't hurt his face. "Michael's got it under control."
Lucifer pulls the baby into his lap and wraps an arm snugly around him. Cassie snuggles into him instantly, a picture of complete trust. "Love you, Lufi," Cas announces before slipping his thumb into his mouth.
A large pout takes over Sam's features, but Lucifer isn't deterred. He's not about to explain to a seven-year-old the intricacies of an Alpha refusing to care for the child he impregnated a woman with. Sam glances over to Rowena and his pout morphs into a frown. "That's your shirt." Lucifer nods absentmindedly as he eats his own pasta. "She's an Omega," Sam realizes as he looks Rowena over. "Is she...your Omega?" Lucifer promptly spits out his lasagna. Sam continues on, "Because Mommy says that you are good for protecting Omegas. Did someone hurt her, so you hurt them? Because that's something you would do. Mommy says you do it a lot. Mommy also says that whoever ends up with you will be 'one lucky Omega indeed.' So," he declares, turning to Rowena, "you're one lucky Omega indeed!"
A laugh from Dean shakes his whole body. "You're too tense, baby. Just relax. It's me, Cas. You've known me your whole life. I'm not here to hurt you or take advantage of you. I'm here because I love you. Or, if you need, I can leave because I love you. You decide."
"So you guys are the Winchesters. And that's Castiel, the actual Angel of the Lord," Jared says. "And that's not my wife, that's a demon," he continues, pointing to Ruby, who turns her eyes black for a second. He skitters back a few feet.
"I don't honestly care, so long as the baby doesn't always cry whenever I hold them. What do you think, Gabe?"
"I'm just saying, making those kind of jokes can get you into a lot of trouble, especially since you're going to college."
Sam shrugs. He tries to recall the feelings that he had before the fire had sprung into being, and within seconds he has a small flame concentrated to his palms. "Oh my God!" Sam screams, dropping to the ground and trying to put the fire out. "Get it off, get it off!"
"You shouldn't have done that," he says angrily, which frustrates Lucifer because if either of them have a right to be angry it's him.
Lucifer moves in to touch him, so Sam leaps away. "Have you met my mother?" he babbles. "Mom, this is Lucifer, Lucifer, this is my mom."
Gabriel reaches over, rucking up Sam's shirt and stealing Ruby's knife in one swift move. "You little rebel. I knew you were perfect for me, but this is too much."
Lucifer flashes out of Sam's body, and once Sam has singular control over his vocal cords he repeats, "It's okay. I said yes this time."
"Be rational, Lucifer, seriously. He hasn't seen you in years, how does Sam know you didn't willingly throw that debate to help him? Maybe he thought you wanted him to look good in front of his classmates, some of who look down on him for being an Omega lawyer."
"Thank you. Come on, we're going to eat now that Sam is finally here. Sam, you and Adam in the backseat, you too Dad. Mom's sitting up front."
Ben glances up and mouths 'thank you.' Sam nods, twisting so only Ben can see the thumbs up he's giving. Ben laughs then drags Claire off. Sam drags Dean off toward the elevator, Dean still muttering angrily under his breath.
Michael takes them all to the restaurant, calling ahead on the way to be sure they'll have a spot for eight people. He also makes sure the restaurant knows a bunch of lawyers and students are coming. By the time they get there, everything is prepared and a cheerful hostess is leading them back to their table.
Cas trots off with a "DEAN! HOW DOES THIS SUIT LOOK AT MY BUTT?" and Sam can just barely hear Dean stutter and stammer over a reply.
"And yes, I know what you're going to say- I didn't talk to you about filming our sex last night. And you're right, I didn't. Sorry. I wasn't planning to, but then I saved it so that if anyone else found this video, like Dean, the sex would discourage them from watching any further. I figured if you or Lucifer found it, one of you would be more likely to watch it to the end. And since you're seeing this, I'm obviously right."
"ESL?" Sam's definitely heard the acronym before, but it takes him a second to define it. "English as a Second Language?"
"I don't know what you're looking for out of this. And we have to talk about it tomorrow, because I have no clue what's going on. But I- I do love you too, Castiel."
Blades crash, neither man appearing to immediately have the upper hand. They bounce back, eyeing each other and feinting two or three times. Dean suddenly drops, and Sam's gasp of alarm is over loud in the room. He jumps up, tugging Mary with him, only to realize that Dean dropped on purpose instead of having his feet cut out from underneath him. He rolls, making a crazy slice toward Inias. Inias pulls his foot back and delivers a solid kick that launches Dean back several yards.
"I know, Mary. I just thought it was funny. It wasn't. Besides, he's like my brother. I've changed his diaper. And he's going to be my brother-in-law someday. I don't think of him romantically at all! I know he's off limits!"
"If you'd come with me please? Cas leads his brother into a conference room, then turns to face him, standing so his back is to the door. "Mr. Novak, the results are negative."
Lucifer studies his watch for a moment. "We need to go," he decides, and without another word he is hauling Sam out of the store and onto the busy sidewalk.
There's no fanfare with this. Cas simply slides them off, then sits back on his heels. "Of all my Father's creations, you are truly the most beautiful."
The room next door has been propped open. 'A case?' There's no sign of anything supernatural or otherworldly in that room, but there is a gun under the pillow which Sam takes and tucks into the waistband of his pants. He had been unarmed, and that's not safe, especially since he doesn't know where he is.
"Ben?" Dean echoes. "What's wrong with Ben? Nothing, because I left them safe and Cas wiped their memory," he answers himself. "They're fine, they're safe."
Michael snarls his displeasure at this idea and bites Dean's lower lip sharply. Dean surges up with a low growl and bites him back.
"Thanks, buddy!" Dean says, coming over to give him a hug. Then he's off to admire the food. They eat together, and Dean declares he's stuffed after eating two burgers and one of every dessert Cas picked. Which is good, Cas likes when Dean is taken care of.
Dean looks away, arms crossed angrily over his chest. "Cas and I aren't like that. We don't even kiss."
Whatever retort Sam is going to make us cut off by the ringing of his phone. "Hey," he says softly, light blush staining his cheeks. From that alone, Balthazar knows it's his brother. Sam walks off, laughing at whatever Lucifer says, and sends a sharp pang of jealousy shooting through him. Balthazar frowns at the wall contemplatively. Perhaps it's time he found his own mate and reconciled with her...
"Wait. Mary, this was my fault," Balthazar says. "He was shot...it was Alistair that shot him. He was coming for me, but Sam got in the way. I should be on that table- oh God, why wasn't it me? Why did it have to be Sam?"
"No, no, Lucifer is the other one," Mary says. "The blonde that's also at Harvard." When John still doesn't seem to know who they're talking about, she adds, "the one that was always over here playing Alpha while you were trucking."
"I'm too sexy for my pants, too sexy for my pants, too sexy for my pants- so sexy it hurts!" Sam drawls.
Lucifer takes a deep breath. "Yeah. Sometimes I want what Michael has so badly. But I'm luckier than most. I know who my mate is, I've just been waiting for him for a very long time."
"You wouldn't believe me if I told you. Let's just say I found someone else. He's a diplomat, and I want to learn this stuff to support him. But because he's so busy I don't have time to actually return to college. So I was hoping I could just buy the books."
"Can't do what?" When Sam stares at him, Gabriel's mouth drops open. "I'm sorry, do you mean to tell me you can't mate my brother because you think his knot is going to be too big?"
Without understanding why, he moves to block him. "What are you doing?" he demands, arms folded menacingly in front of his chest.
Several other hellhounds join the first one, the group of them snarling as they stare Sam down. He puts his hand on the demon knife in his belt and pulls it out, knowing it's slim protection against the creatures. Still they wait, snarling and pacing, but not attacking.
Dean and Cas are both sitting at a table in the room playing poker. A folded down hand tells that Michael has been playing with them too.
"Every night. Until I fall asleep. He bought me a phone so Mom and Dad don't have to pay for it." Then he tacks on, "Don't tell Dean."
"Oh marvelous. Well done, Lucifer. This is truly the way to convince him you're alive," Gabriel bites out.
"Anything," Sam promises. His heart is racing, but for his brother he'll do it. After all, he owes him big time for abandoning him in hell.
Cas nods. "I will take care of him. Thank you, Sam." He pop's outside with Dean, and wraps his arm around him. Dean restaurant his head on Cas' shoulder, and Cas reaches up to touch his forehead. Cas and Dean vanish instantly.
"We'll help you figure it out," Michael vows, taking Dean's hand again. "But Lucifer is right, you and Sam are certainly not alone."
In his memory, Lucifer answers the deceased Sam, "You're right where you were always meant to be. But it's not your time. Stay with me for a while, and when you return, fear not, for we shall be reunited in a few years."
"It's more complicated than that, but that's the long and short of it." Sam takes the water out to Lucifer, who is just starting to stir.
Dean can distinguish the difference between Gabriel's calls and Lucifer's, which start up a moment later. He's so caught up in listening to them that he doesn't realize Bobby and Balthazar have come out until Bobby speaks.
"I did. Gabriel's not strong enough, and Lucifer is being self-deprecating enough that I'm starting to think he'll fit in great with our family."
"Yeah, obviously," Gabriel tells him, waving the money. "Twenty dollars a piece." He gets up then and hugs them both. "Congratulations, you two."
Cas looks over at Dean with a raised eyebrow. "That was a surprisingly in-depth picture. I stopped listening around the time you hit 'tow-headed with your brilliant blue eyes.' You've been imagining our children?"
"Everybody's coming back from the dead, Mom. You'll get to meet all our friends!" Sam exclaims enthusiastically.
Sam hurls himself at him, slicing wildly with the knife. He's thrown against the cage wall, but he simply rebounds back and throws himself back at the vampire. It's a fight he's not going to win, he's certain. "Cas, I'm sorry," Sam thinks frantically as he's slammed into Claire, knocking them both to the ground. "I need your help."
Lucifer switches the phone to his other ear. "So besides Cas hitting his first heat and joining the ranks of mature adults, what else is new over there?"
Cas sits there calmly eating his pie as the brothers toss food at each other. It's not worth getting in the middle of it. He'll just help them clean up later.
Michael huffs, storming over to sit on the chair near the bed. "What you don't seem to grasp is that just because you are doing something because you believe in it does not make it right."
"Rules!" Charlie yells before the teams separate. "If you're fighting someone, adjust to their skill levels. Angels and demons both, no pinning humans to trees or anything for longer than five minutes. Angels, no flying. Everybody, no intentional maiming, permanent scarring, etc. The creek Michael made here is the boundaries between our teams  First person to get the other  team's flag on their side wins. Anything I'm forgetting?" she ends, looking to Dean for confirmation. He shakes his head, so she says, "Okay! Red team, move out!"
They head down together, Sam grabbing his laptop from the stairwell. "Sammy, why is your laptop here and not in your bedroom?"
Cas nods solemnly. Gabriel heads inside to start homework, so Cas goes to see his other brothers. He has five other brothers: Michael is the oldest at twelve, Lucifer and Balthazar are ten-year-old twins (though they're not alike at all, only a bit in looks), Uriel is eight, and Gabriel's six. Cas is the baby, as they're all fond of reminding him.
I just got a comment suggesting I put the kid's ages somewhere, so ill put it in an author's note at the start of each chapter
Michael begins pulling various outfits off the racks, throwing them onto Dean's arms since Dean still hasn't even so much as glanced at the outfits. Within minutes Dean has a mound of clothes in his arms. "There. Try them. Do not look at the price. Pick one you like."
Bobby looks to Crowley expectantly, so that's where Sam looks too. Crowley sighs. "That's a bit more difficult to guess at. Dean's was slightly more obvious, because as a ruler of Heaven we all knew he was going to be growing wings, and we figure he'll probably have a low dose of angel mojo too. He'll be immortal, of course, as will you. You though...it's very hard to guess what skills you're going to need. You definitely had to be able to see the hellhounds. Most likely, you'll need to be able to see our true forms. But other things...your spouses, for example, both have wings. Will you get them too, in order to fly up to Heaven and chit-chat with the angels up there about how they're running things? It's possible, but no guarantees. You're a wild card right now."
Sam's face burns. He's not sure what to do- he and Lucifer have not been intimate- nowhere even close- so it's not like they'll be making use of it tonight. Or any night in the near future, probably. Unless Gabriel knows something Sam doesn't-
Michael sits forward. "You and Lucifer need to sit down and talk about this. Tomorrow. You'll feel a lot better once you both express what you're feeling."
Meg's hands, pressing unerringly into the small of his back, make him groan loudly in relief. "You've got magic hands. Keep going?"
"Because knowing my brother, I don't think he'll be content to let you sleep in a separate rooms afterward."
"You did warn him about this, right? Marrying Michael would probably be worse than marrying Lucifer!"
Dean slams his fist on the bed. "That's not good enough! He's in danger now! And I have to help him, I have to protect him!"
The day after Cas' sixteenth birthday, he wakes to sheets covered in sweat and a body radiating warmth to put a furnace to shame. Also, he feels lousy. This is not fair to feel this way, especially considering everyone is out of the house. Cas likes to be babied when he's sick. If Dean was around he'd settle for having Dean baby him, but Dean is visiting his Uncle Bobby a few towns over.
"Okay." Dean's jaw cracks with the force of a yawn. "Let the phone on. I'll keep it running." Sam nods even though Dean can't see him, crawling back into Lucifer's arms and nesting in to his bare chest. "Night, Sammy."
"I'm going to kill Chuck the next time I see him," growls Sam under his breath. "He forgets to tell Dean and I all the important stuff."
"Jess said-" Sam begins, reaching for his fiance. The second he makes contact, he lets out a delighted exclamation of "Cold!" He rips Lucifer's shirt off, pressing into him and wrapping his arms around him. "So cold," he mutters contentedly, pressing his lips into Lucifer's clavicle.
Dean obediently takes his turn as the manual labor, pushing Sam around while belting out the lyrics to the theme song. Cas tags along beside him, looking bemused. "Zachariah is very upset with you," he tells Dean.
"No, it's not. It's a park. I figured we could talk more here without disrupting the others." He sets a fast pace that Sam easily keeps up with, leading him toward a tiny pond. There's an island in the middle, and Lucifer leaps nimbly from rock to rock until he's on the island. He turns back, but Sam's already stepping off the final rock, staring around in wonder. It's probably a good thing Sam's not looking at him, because Lucifer is sure his face would give him away. "This is my favorite place on campus," he explains instead.
"I dunno. I mean, it looks-" Sam's voice trails off a moment as he comes up with the right words, "freakishly large."
"Well, I'll probably have to slow dance with you, and then Lucifer, and then the two of you together. So at least three."
"Boop." In the time Jared was talking with Sam, and Dean has entered into some sort of awkward staring contest with Jensen, Misha has wandered over waaaay into Cas' personal space and booped his nose as Cas used to do to Kevin. Only he still hasn't moved his finger.
Rowena's hand flies up to restrain him. "Not yet, easy tiger. It's my own fault, really. He got me pregnant, and I should have known better than to tell him." Lucifer's sharp snarl echoes in the high-ceiling room, bouncing across the walls at this revelation. "I'm sorry to come here, but...I didn't know where else to go."
As though he knows he's being talked about, Sam looks toward the three adults. He says something to Crowley, helping the toddler swim closer to where the adults are sitting. Once close enough he pulls himself out of the pool and drapes his lanky body over Lucifer. "What's wrong?"
Aurora says something else but Sam isn't listening any more. His keen ears have heard a howl, and he turns slowly toward the sound, legs tensed to launch him toward it if he hears it again. A second howl, accompanied by a person's scream, is all it takes to have Sam hurtling out the door.
Sam pushes himself up from the bed. He's feeling great now, so his first order of business is to go find his dumb fiance. "Where is Lucifer now?"
"Don't be embarrassed, Sam. As far as crushes go, Lucifer isn't a bad one, even in spite of the age gap between you two," Michael says.
"Very good." Lucifer's praise coincides with the last note hanging in the air. Sam's eyes fly open as he hears clapping. Unbeknownst to him, the demons had come in some point during the dance.
Kali releases Gabriel and the two say something softly, Gabriel's head resting against Kali's, blonde hair mixing with black curls, before Gabriel gets off the counter and saunters away with a smirk. Kali slaps him on his butt as he jumps the front counter, causing Gabriel to shoot her a flirtatious wink.
Well I think it's been a year, and this story has very nearly come to an end. I want to do an epilogue yet, but we're nearing the end of the road. Thanks for the support, kudos, and comments.
"Hi there, Jack Henry Winchester. You're so beautiful," Cas whispers tenderly to the baby. He doesn't realize there's tears rolling down his face until he feels them dripping off his chin.
They are up late talking. Charlie is the first to call it a night, then Kevin. Sam follows, and suddenly it's just Dean and Cas. "Well, night buddy. Thanks for this. This was a great birthday."
"Just me, Balthazar, and Kali yet," Uriel answers. The three remaining people walk down, Kali offering Cas a hug and soft congratulations.
"I've been inside your head," Lucifer reminds him. "I've seen a lot of things about you. That's how I knew you'd never come to the Big Apple, but you wanted to. It's also how I was able to make our house."
"No, I'm not. I don't enjoy sex with women, that's why I have sex so infrequently. But I'm curious about men, okay? Just never done it yet. Alright? Women don't do it for me."
Dean is already sneaking into the warehouse as they approach. Cas and Sam hurry so they are directly behind him, entering with him. Sam can see the cage where the children are, so that's where he goes. There is one lone vampire guarding it, and Sam dispatches him effortlessly.
"That's fine, we'll figure out a way around them. Remember, we can't kill them, but we can use angel banishing sigils."
"It won't," he reassures Dean. "I'll call you. Once a week. And I'll say... We'll use a code word. Like Poughkeepsie or Funky Town. And if I don't say it, you'll know something is wrong. We'll use... How about a**butt?"
Both archangels freeze, pulling away until they're not touching him at all, watching him with brightly-burning, barely-concealed lust in their eyes. "Are you sure?"
"I'm serious too. I have an idea how to defeat him, not kill him, but to defeat him, which will have to be enough." Sam finally pulls his eyes from his fiance and Cas for a moment to inquire, "Where is everybody else?"
Lucifer nods. "I thought it was wise." He turns to the crowd of people watching them and calls, "He said yes he'll be my Omega!"
"Me. The Sam I was before I got shot. He has all these memories of things that I just don't remember. Like, I looked at the pictures at home. That Sam, he graduated from high school. He has a ton of awards from track, having a top GPA, being a part of the debate team- and I don't remember any of it. It feels like an impostor came in and lived my life and locked me away, and nobody ever noticed. He did everything I wanted to, and I can't remember! I hate him! And I don't want to stay in that house because everywhere I go there's memories of him."
"Like, Dean and I, both having sex with Cas? EW! No. Dean is marrying Cas and Michael, and I'm marrying Lucifer and Gabriel. Oh, and Bobby will be marrying Balthazar and Crowley, and Azazel is marrying Lilith and Ruby."
Sam agrees, "He does." There's a pause as Sam dips his hand into the water. Two geese had been swimming nearby, and they come closer curiously. "So who's your mate?"
She laughs, then turns to Mary and John. "Hello, I'm Anna. It's lovely to finally meet you in person, I've heard so much about you! Come in! I'll take those bags, we have the boys set up back here. We figured we will give Cas and Dean the guest room, and Sam can sleep on the couch." As she talks, she leads them back into the guest room and closes the door. "We wanted to let you guys have the final say on rooming. We weren't sure if you'd be okay with Dean and Cas being together in one bed, and we also wanted to be sure you were okay with Sam sleeping on the couch alone. We're not always home, not even when people might be going to bed. And Lucifer keeps strange hours now that he's in school. The potential would be there for Sam to be asleep on the couch alone when Lucifer gets home."
"Possibly," Lucifer answers with Sam's mouth. "But I don't want to think about him right now. Come here."
"Well, we're not exactly going to go ask for permission, Cas. Here, you Google the prices for a flight from here to Massachusetts. I'm going to look up the closest airports."
Sam haphazardly throws a plan together in his head as he runs away from Lucifer/Phobos. This isn't how he likes to work cases, but it also isn't the first time he's charged headfirst into a situation without a plan. He leaps behind a pillar and remembers hiding out here with Adam, and again when he was hallucinating and certain Lucifer would kill him. Which- that line of thinking is so not helpful right now. He crouches down, taking deep breaths to calm himself as he thinks.
Cas exhales a deep breath. "I'm fine," he whispers. "I can't wait to do this for the rest of my life."
"Guys, I know you two love me. You didn't have to come all the way to Harvard to tell me. I know." He hugs Cas tightly, then hugs Dean.
They make the drive in silence, Sam's hand clasped tightly in Lucifer's. They get out of the car and head to the courtroom together as a unit. Sam holds his head high. Everyone else is already there- the Winchesters and the Novaks, and Balthazar's students behind them. They all stand up when they see Sam, standing in silence. Sam and Lucifer join them, and the court is called to session.
"Yeah, babe. You're so sexy. Love that dress on you." Another vibration, then another. Both ignored. "C'mon, Kali, don't make me beg."
Sam's eyes skim the paper until he reaches that part, 'buy a car' and right under that, "House hunting?" he asks, reading the next part of the list.
"He's right. If you're sure he's the father, we can get a paternity test once you have the baby and prove it's his, then force him to pay child support. Wait...how did you know that, Sam?"
The entire bar goes dead silent and judgmental eyes swivel to them as Michael screams the last sentence. Lucifer cringes internally. "Please be rational, Michael."
"We did?" Sam croaks, the first words spoken since he's sliced into his arm. "Because I certainly didn't. I'm a monster!"
"I've always felt that was a demon's prerogative. After all, who else would be arrogant enough to believe they could top the torture methods of both Lucifer and Michael, together?" He walks willingly until he's in front of a pole in the ground that Raphael had created just for this purpose. He presents his wrists, allowing Alistair to lash him tightly to the pole.
"I decided to propose right this time," Dean explains when Cas looks over to him, overwhelmed and lost. "I wanted our family here to celebrate this time."
