. Tony shackles Bulldozer with twin sets of reinforced power-dampening manacle and leaves him writhing on the floor in pain next to Thunderball before going off into the dark expanse of the old basement in search of Steve. Sam he finds on the way, locked in hand-to-hand combat with Wrecker—Tony pauses on his way to Steve to knock Sam’s opponent out with an iron hand to the back of the skull.
. Even after I licked and fingered your sweet little asshole open, huh? That’s okay. I’ll open you up. Gonna fuck you wide open. Keep going, sweetheart, that’s it. That’s so good…”
- - -
took their limbs, I should cut out the middle man and give them new ones, myself.”
, wet and weak and shivering violently head to toe as he careens head first off that highrise, coming hard against the mattress while Steve fucks him with those hard, short, breathtaking thrusts, never letting up even as Tony thrashes under him, bucking and
The Soul Stone is hard, not because of the climb, or the Red Skull (although, in fairness, it does throw Steve for a moment), but because he has to watch the soul stone plummet to the earth knowing it won’t bring Natasha back. There are only so many things he can fix, and this isn’t one of them.
The smile that splits Tony’s freshly-shaven face is so bright it warms Steve down to his toes. When Tony walks over—barefoot—and takes the plate from Steve, he can feel Sam and Natasha watching the entire interaction with laser focus. He expects Tony’s thanks; he doesn’t expect the second cheek-kiss of the day, let alone one that lands smack-dab on the corner of his mouth.
you've had a little velvet box hidden away in your bottom bedside drawer for four months when Tony wakes up and sees you in bed with him, realizes you've been watching him sleep—so peacefully, the furrow between his brows erased, as you play with his slightly overgrown hair (you wish he'd keep it, but it's a hazard, in your line of work). you kiss him on the forehead and say
“Steve?”
The woman turns to face them. Her features are striking in a way that makes Steve think of old friends from the war, men he met on those rare occasions he had leave. He’d listen to Native American Code Talkers tell stories of land and legacy and home, stories older than anything Steve had ever known. He’d never been so humbled.
Rogers’ face tightens. “What about—” he glances down through the glass. “The others? Will they know? Will they be alright?”
This will do for now, though; Steve’s touching him, and he’s not running away. If anything, he seems more than happy to stay right here, in bed with Tony, touching him like he’s something precious to be cherished and kept safe. When Tony opens his eyes again, Steve is right there, smiling down at him.
So why does hearing this woman—this stranger—talk to Steve about him make it all seem so fleeting?
“What’s on 60?”
Their last battle had brought down one of Dr. Strange’s colorful enemies, along with an entire wing of a children’s hospital. It had been vacated for construction at the time—Tony wouldn’t have let them get anywhere near it had it been occupied—but a lack of casualties doesn’t negate the fact
, it’s so obvious. Glee, hunger, intent, all there, malicious and toxic. HYDRA, right out there in the open.
“I’m sorry.”
Looking back on it now, those six months were just stolen time, a pocket-life Tony knew he’d never get to live out to its fullest, but he likes to think he took advantage of every second of it.
So without a single thought beyond a passing prayer for the best, Steve raises a still-wrapped hand and knocks on Tony’s door.
Steve tamps down the urge and rage long enough to present Pierce with the last stone. The look that flickers behind Pierce’s shrewd blue eyes is telling enough—Steve could punch
When he leans down, slowly, Steve gets to watch Tony’s beautiful eyes flicker and shut. He counts the dark lashes where they rest on Tony’s high cheekbones, breathes in his smell and listens to the shudder in his exhale before drawing him in for a kiss that draws everything else to a quiet, blissful blank.
in sparkly gold letters against white ceramic—another one of Natasha's inspired birthday gifts) on the island counter and sighs. Again. The marble under his hands is cool to the touch, now, he notices, not warm like he remembers. Tony has to remind himself that it had been warm because he’d been sitting on it long enough for it to leech his body heat, what little of it hadn’t been going into Steve.
Tony just shakes his head and smiles softly at Steve, taking Steve’s harebrained response in stride like being ignored is no big deal. Steve, meanwhile, could kick himself: he’s put a lot of work into learning Tony Stark these past few years, especially in the wake of the Ultron snafu; he knows better than to make Tony feel like he’s not worth being heard.
Nope, he’s definitely still a bit hysterical, but Steve hasn’t let go of his wrist. His expression is mostly concerned, possibly even a little bit hurt. Tony’s heart sinks against the side of the arc reactor casing: is that hurt his fault? Of course it is. It always is. How could it not be?
thoughts run into the wall, for once.
“Why don’t you ever kiss me?”
Now, he’s got a fresh full-body tan from time spent in the sun, a slew of new tech ideas for the team (including an infinitely better low-profile tracking device for Natasha, because who says he doesn’t do nice things for people), a mostly-rested brain, and a packed schedule that will allow for very little—if any—interaction with Steve.
It starts out gentle, barely a caress, but it feels like getting hit square in the chest with his shield. Everything stops and the only thing Steve can do is
the one who’s been suffering under this misunderstanding. Sam comes to stand next to him, leaning against the kitchen counter, eyeing the still-cold plate of leftover lasagna in Steve’s hands.
“Still breathing?” he asks. Tony smiles; Steve smiles back.
“Just want to make sure you get home okay.” Steve looks at him when he says it, but his eyes are shadowed, his expression suddenly remote.
“If this is you trying to scare me off, it’s not gonna work.”
One day Steve will tell him he already did, a long time ago, and it wasn’t the least of anything.
The food is delicious and borderline excessive, coming in wave after wave along with wine and bread and cheese and free courses compliments of the chef, and by the second hour of their meal even Steve’s increased metabolism is starting to feel sluggish. Of course, that’s when Duncan places a massive, beautiful, steaming bowl of rigatone alla vodka on their table. The smell of it alone is enough to rouse him.
Rolling his hips, Tony presses a kiss to Steve’s neck and holds on, whimpering when Steve instead slows to a stop. Thick and heavy and deep inside, Tony can feel Steve
He should be stronger than this. He should be past having panic attacks that leave him winded and jittery whenever someone mentions taking the reactor from his chest, and he should be able to talk to Steve about it without breaking down. But between the stress, and the hunger, and the fatigue, and the whole loving-but-not-being-loved thing, and Steve’s sheer proximity, Tony can’t help it. One tear becomes two, then three, and now he’s shielding his eyes and whispering apologies and a panicked
He’s in a SHIELD recovery room. Nothing is immobilized, which means nothing’s broken, which is a relief. He can hear and see, but his head hurts like a building fell on it.
Steve smiles and introduces himself—Airman Bill Levee, apparently, is just as talkative up close. For all that his hand is made of metal, his grip feels remarkably, tangibly
, to the basest atoms of your existence, that Tony loves you as much as you love him.
Tony, meanwhile, comes to a complete standstill for all of a second, glancing sidelong in Steve’s general direction, before launching himself across the room to retrieve a bottle of green smoothie from a cleverly concealed mini-fridge. He doesn’t bring Steve one, because he knows Steve doesn’t like them.
Tony grins. It fills him to bursting, how much he loves Steve,
, Clint wouldn’t stop talking with a fake German accent for a week.”
Steve relaxes back into his hold on Tony, relieved beyond words. He didn’t fuck it up by mentioning the scepter; nearly, maybe, but not entirely. Smiling, he says, “It’s a kiss, Tony. I’m not asking you to marry me.” (Which is objectively hilarious, Steve thinks, because he has absolutely thought about what it would be like to be married to Tony and the results were
When Steve speaks again, he’s much, much closer, and Tony wishes like hell that that didn’t make every single hair on his arms stand on end, that the low baritone of Steve’s voice didn’t make Tony shudder and want to bend himself over the counter. That part of their relationship is over. He has to
, Tony, just like that. Fuck, yes…”
“It’s a lot better than what I had planned for the evening.”
“S-Steve…”
did Steve Rogers learn to talk like that? “That’s not fair.”
Tony laughs. “Steve, that’s not your job. Besides, I’ve tried replacing booze with sex, and it’s really only a quick fix at best,” he says. Something dark flashes in Steve’s eyes at that, the same way, Tony realizes, they did when Tony had mentioned
It’s not surprising to walk into the Avengers common area and see Tony Stark working on something no one can quite comprehend. That’s par for the course, really, as commonplace as days that end in Y. Machines, phones, tablets, watches, the toaster after Hulk pressed the cancel button a little too hard—they’ve seen Tony futzing with just about everything that exists in the Tower (and some things that don’t—couldn’t—exist anywhere else except where Tony is).
“—over with?”
Tony smiles and gives him one more lingering kiss, promising more with touch than words could ever hope to because now, at last, he can.
people, Tony. We’re allowed to be, at the end of the day, to each other if not the rest of the world.”
Even Tony, with his unenhanced ears, can pick up on the scandalized gasp that escapes her when Steve says it.
, he’d cried, so confident, so certain that his hero would come and put Howard through the wall and carry Tony away to safety—and then down the bottle comes…
Steve
As Tony rights himself onto his knees, he hears running water and a long gargling sound, followed shortly by the sound of Steve spitting in the sink.
Something sours in Tony’s stomach.
And Steve is right there, breathing heavy, wet and gasping and grunting against Tony’s tender mouth, their foreheads stuck together like magnets.
Tony doesn’t respond, but he doesn’t have to: the look on his face answers Steve’s question just as well. “Armor or no armor, you
Tony had been awake, and thank god for that. A little rattled from the impact, but he’d improved the suit’s systems after his last bad fall so that the armor absorbed shock and redistributed it as electrical power. That way, Tony said, the suit would recover faster, as would he. Hypothetically.
sorry, because I should have told the world about us ages ago.”
Tony hiccups half a sob before he can clap a hand over his mouth and stifle it. That…that’s
He looks the way Steve
Tony shakes his head.
Tony has heard and seen Steve speak in front of angry mobs. Politicians. Royalty. Children. Intergalactic super-beings. Hydra. Nick Fury. Not once has he ever heard words come out of Steve’s mouth so confidently and with so much conviction. He says
Together in the darkest part of the room he and Steve work in tandem to load the first reel onto the projector and let it run: it’s early footage of the first Avengers team, recorded off of a news broadcast. Down in front, the rest of the team throws popcorn and jeers, laughing themselves hoarse at the costumes, the villains, the dialogue—“‘He’s a real ball of fire!’” Clint wheezes from his beanbag before Natasha pelts him with Milk Duds—while Steve and Tony sit back behind the projector, shoulder to shoulder, running their own private commentary all the while:
“Takeout,” Tony says again, releases his handful of Steve’s jacket and carefully smooths it back against Steve’s chest.
The other eyebrow goes up. “Of course he did.”
“Sir is in his office.” Jarvis’s response is prompt as always, but Steve still thinks his tone is a little cool.
Together, they head out of the conference room, and Steve lets Tony lead them past the main bank of elevators to a hall at the back of the building, and through a door marked “Maintenance.”
“Just what I’ve always wanted,” Tony tells her, deadpan, in lieu of rolling his eyes.
Natasha sighs, like she’s so put upon. Tony knows that sigh well, though usually he gets it from Pepper or Rhodey. “I told him you’d had palladium poisoning,” she says, as if it’s obvious. And it is, but not what Tony had meant, and she knows it. “Coulson didn’t tell him anything, just sent him your file. The one he should have seen ages ago.”
he thinks, but doesn’t add. It’s a new thing he’s trying, not saying the things that pop into his head every time he so much as thinks about Steve. It’s harder than it looks, but he’s pretty sure that, for all Steve can be an absolute dick with very little provocation, if Tony
The restaurant is expecting Steve when he shows up. They don’t even ask his name, just whisk him off to a table that’s tucked into a corner to give the illusion of privacy, in spite of being fully visible to the big room.
“The executive floor, please, Jarvis,” Ms. Potts says as the doors close again.
He just needs to look at this in a different light, Steve thinks, smiles a little under his fingers. He’s an artist, he can do that.
“There are two camps,” Banner puts in, and why does everyone seem to know what’s going on but Steve? “Half the country thinks you’re the only thing standing between them and the destruction of all their so-called Family Values – they want Tony off the team, thinks he’ll corrupt everyone with his deviant ways.” Tony snorts, but doesn’t interrupt. “The other half think you’re a bigot, can’t believe you’re allowed to represent our country, and want to get rid of you before you drag us all back to the Middle Ages.”
“Sorry, Captain,” Jarvis’s voice seems like it’s coming from everywhere and nowhere at the same time, even though Steve
board meetings. “I sit and quietly do useful things on my phone. This was our deal. I show up so they think I’m not completely ignoring them, and then I get to ignore them and do
’d been less of a self-righteous
Pepper sighs. “Better than I’d hoped,” she admits.
as much, and here’s this guy throwing it out there like it’s the most obvious thing in the world. It’s somehow worse than the questions and speculation they get about their sexual preferences – at least that’s just crass and Tony can laugh it off. So now Tony’s ultra-aware of the fact that they’ve managed not to kill each other for five whole months, and he’s thinking about what kids from either one of them might look like, if they’d find a donor and a surrogate, or if they’d adopt, and this is not what he needs to be doing now. Or ever.
“Have you eaten or slept at all?” Pepper asks, her tone indicating she knows the answer already, but feels compelled to at least try.
“He’s been shouting me down about following orders since I met him, I don’t think it’s got anything to do with our matching bling.” Tony holds up his left hand as Exhibit A.
“Damn,” Steve breathes, takes half an automatic step forward, leaning in to see the street outside the Tower, and hits the glass. “Ow, shit,” he rubs his head where it had collided with the window, and turns to scowl at the room at large. “No comments from the peanut gallery,” he says a little more loudly.
leak the information.”
“The team knows we’re not sleeping together,” Tony insists. “They wouldn’t like it.” And he knows they don’t see Steve as a national icon, not really, not anymore, but if anyone knows what a trainwreck Tony is, it’s their team, and there’s no way any of them want that for Steve, national icon or not.
“Is anyone else awake?” Tony asks, pushing himself up and out of bed. It became apparent early on that none of them sleep very well with any kind of consistency.
“I’ve never been to Bogotá, either,” Steve tells them, figures he can get the story out of one of them later. If Natasha was going to tell him, and Clint didn’t want to talk about it, it’s probably a funny story, rather than about something that went belly up.
“Your chariot,” Tony offers a hand, lets Natasha balance as she steps up onto one of his boots and slings her arms around his neck.
“Cap, you’re up, got a minute?”
“We have a situation,” Pepper announces. There’s something off in her voice, and that’s what makes Tony turn. The tight twist of her mouth makes him frown.
“Right,” Coulson finally says. Steve manages to stop staring at the door long enough to swing back to face him. He doesn’t even look ruffled, something Steve envies. “This will have to happen quickly. A long engagement from this point will spark more rumors we don’t want. If we get it moving quickly, though, everyone will just assume it’s
“Same, please,” Steve says awkwardly when Ms. Potts gives him a long look. “Tony’s in his office?”
It’s Tony’s turn to scowl, which probably isn’t very adorable of them, but it has the intended effect of changing the subject. “Do you have a better idea?” he sounds a little put out, but a little intrigued, as well. The scowl might be a little playful, if Steve thinks about it, though where that thought comes from, he doesn’t know.
“For a given definition of ‘eaten’.” Jarvis somehow manages to sound bland and long-suffering at the same time. “Sir had a smoothie at approximately half-four this morning.”
“Heaven forbid,” the dryness of Jarvis’s tone would give Pepper a run for her money. “I merely felt it might do you some good to know Captain Rogers is currently giving himself what appears to be a pep talk, and Agent Barton provided one as well before he went to join the others in the event hall.”
“Natasha promised to run over it with me when we’re done here,” Pepper confirms. Tony swivels to look at her.
The hail-like shower of pennies falling from the Empire State Building cuts out as abruptly as their sources say it started, leaving behind cracked windows, dented cars, and more bruises than Tony wants to think about. Luckily, there haven’t been any reports yet of anything more serious than a concussion and a few sprained ankles from people running in panic.
Tony blinks. “I. Yes?” He is not awake enough for this. He gives himself a little mental shake. “I mean, no. I mean.” Tony throws a glare at the slow drip of coffee. It refuses to speed up. He turns back to Thor, who is still beaming happily at him, though starting to look a little confused. “My – Rhodey – my friend – best friend – he’s coming in tomorrow night. Tonight, more accurately. He’ll be my best man.” Tony frowns, a little. “I hope, anyway. I haven’t asked him properly, but he claimed it decades ago, so he gets right of first refusal.”
Tony grins again, and keeps grinning as he blasts another rat. “What do you see, Widow?” he asks, watches as Steve neatly vaults in through the open car doors to join Natasha.
Tony waves a hand vaguely. “What are they going to do? What do you mean you shouldn’t have said –” and it all comes crashing back. “Oh.” He can feel his pulse pick up, feels it in his chest and his hands like he’s vibrating. He has to force himself to take deep breaths, focuses on that instead of the way his face is starting to tingle. “Right,” he says, feels like he had to choke it out, but it comes out sounding almost normal.
“A witness for what?” Steve asks, opening the folder. “Is this for the marriage license?”
And Steve’s left with a half-finished sketch of Tony’s tower, a slowly-cooling drink, and his own noisy thoughts. “Well, hell,” he says aloud, and barely refrains from dropping his head onto the table.
Tony groans. “No, J. He did not
“Tony,” Steve looks startled, and Tony almost asks if he was expecting someone else, but manages to bite back on the impulse at the last minute. He can do this. And the way Steve’s eyes sweep him from head to toe and back is both unexpected and strangely gratifying. “You look,” his eyes sweep up and down again, and he swallows. “You look good,” he says eventually, and even though there’s a stranger in the room, Tony’s pretty sure it’s not for her benefit.
“I slept with Katie on and off for half a semester, and I still get Christmas cards from her every year,” Tony reminds him. “Her oldest is starting college next fall.”
Steve looks a little startled at that, looks back at Tony, wide eyes stupidly blue, and Tony hates himself a little for noticing. “I didn’t say that.”
“Nat just –” Clint emerges from the neck of his shirt, short hair all askew, and gives Steve a long look. “You’re not paying the least attention, are you?”
Coulson’s eyeroll is nearly audible. “We’ll get right on that.”
Steve hesitates for a moment, clearly on the verge of saying something, and Tony braces for it. But when Steve speaks, all he says is, “Tea is better for nightmares than coffee, I’ve found. Non-caffeinated tea. Helps me warm up and calm down, instead of feeding the adrenaline.”
Turns out, he wasted his time.
time to tell someone about the murder of their parents.”
Twice Steve opens his mouth to ask why Tony isn’t putting up more of a fuss about this, and stops himself both times. He wonders if maybe he’s not the only one feeling a little trapped, but it’s so odd to think of Tony, of all people, feeling trapped by having a lot of people around, given his life, that Steve has to shut that train of thought down. Something to think about another time, when he isn’t already feeling like his head might explode.
Tony grins involuntarily, and slides into the seat next to her. When he looks away he finds Rogers watching them, a small frown creasing his forehead. “Problem?” he asks, raising an eyebrow, and Rogers starts, like he hadn’t even realized he was staring.
“Nothing fancy, but please find something that’s not covered in grease.” Tony can see her judging him out of the corner of his eye. “And maybe take a shower, so
“At least I
Steve continues to stand in the middle of the kitchen for several long moments, alone, staring at the pile of plates in the sink, trying to figure out what on earth just happened.
“So you should come!” Clint decides. He heaves himself to his feet with more groaning than is probably necessary – they hadn’t gone
Steve’s face crumples. “I’m sorry,” he says, “I shouldn’t have said anything, you just, you were standing there and then you just. Sat down. I don’t think you fainted, but you didn’t exactly not faint, either. And you weren’t answering me. I thought.” Steve shakes his head. “Should I get Clint? Or – or Bruce?”
Tony snorts as the elevator doors glide open and he steps out into the penthouse. “As well as they ever do. The team will likely all be moving in over the next couple days, not positive when, exactly, except for Rogers – he’ll be here within a few hours. We’re getting married.” He collapses down onto one of the couches, just for a minute.
Tony scoffs. “There is no relationship. The body armor has nothing to do with my suit,” he points out.
loudly. But this, this walking along, lost in their own thoughts, nowhere specific they have to be – even if it’s because they’re stalling – no one they have to save, it’s just. Nice.
Steve yanks his gloves on with a little more force than necessary. “Good of him to make those decisions,” he snaps, then wishes he’d bit his tongue. This is not the time for him to get all twisted up over who’s calling the shots. Tony likely has more information that Steve does. “How big
Tony huffs. Before he can cross his arms defensively, before either of them can think another thought, Steve reaches out with both hands, pulls Tony forward by the front of his too-nice shirt and kisses him, fast and firm and warm. The kiss is a point being made more than anything else, but a point nonetheless.
“Thank you,” he says earnestly, squeezing Tony’s hand. He doesn’t thank him
So, that’s something.
, and then Steve presses against that devilish spot inside him again and Tony is crying out against the meat of Steve’s shoulder, “Fuck, Steve,
“Yeah, let me know how you feel in twenty minutes when it starts getting crusty.” Grousing helps Tony ignore the discomfort-slash-embarrassment of having come in his pants and the fact that he still has yet to talk to Steve about the thing. At least Steve looks as rumpled as Tony feels, hair ruined and clothes disheveled, patchy with sweat and twisted in all the wrong directions and stained in some pretty obvious places.
For a moment, the only sound in the room is the
It’s not enough to make Tony blush, but it’s a near thing.
Tony fists the front of Steve’s shirt (
After almost an hour, Tony apologizes for hogging the conversation and Steve can’t hold his tongue: “Maybe I like listening to my
Steve sounds upset. He sounds—Tony looks up and sees it, the
It’ll be fine, he reminds himself. Like Tony said:
It gets caught in his chest the moment he sees himself filling up the screen, young Tony standing alone in Howard’s office, having perched the camcorder on the big oak desk to record himself with Cap’s shield—the real one this time, not a toy. On screen, Tony has his back to the camera, the vibranium shield clutched in his too-small hands. He has to perch it on the floor, its weight just enough to counterbalance Tony’s, but holding it…even now, he remembers the thrill of that first time. The cool touch of vibranium humming under his fingers, the knowledge that he was holding his hero’s greatest treasure…his adult fingers clench against his thighs at the memory.
figuratively. And if we’re being honest—alright, I’m not saying it would
Steve smiles. “Sam’s fine. A little pissed off at you for not giving him enough of a heads up before you threw me at him like a glorified football, but he’ll live.”
That cold block in Tony’s chest spreads to his extremities.
Tony laughs along with everyone else, warmed by Jarvis’ voice offscreen telling “Young Master Anthony” to show off his latest invention for the camera. He feels Steve’s eyes flicker over to land on him whenever young Tony smiles at the camera or laughs at something Jarvis says, but Tony ignores it.
and doesn't that just
is a far cry from the marriage proposal the paparazzi thought they captured yesterday, and yet:
, he loves it, arching up for another one that never comes, because Steve is too busy undoing his own belt buckle. But he does hear the man hum thoughtfully, even as he shucks his own jeans and kicks them onto the floor to join the rest of their clothes.
“Hey,” he finally manages to respond, even as he ducks out of Steve’s path toward the kitchen to make coffee (he’s already had a cup, but he needs to busy his hands and have something to look at that’s not Steve’s perfect fucking face). “California’s the same as it ever was. Rhodey says hi.”
It’s not like when Natasha kissed him—hot and hurried and just shy of open-mouthed. This is slow, unbearably tender, and Tony never parts his lips more than a centimeter or two, if Steve could count. It’s
comment. He lowers his hands, repulsors whining as they power down.
He tries to calm himself by fiddling with his tie, but this thing with Steve is so painfully new, it’s a short drop from blissfully happy to unbearably anxious. Only a week ago they were platonic friends (and co-leaders, and partners), unvoiced longtime feelings notwithstanding, and now Tony has visceral memories of Steve saying
“I learned a lot of things before I met Sharon,” Steve’s voice rumbles in his ear, and Tony gasps, because
, where was Steve hiding this part of himself all this time? Tony gasps and clenches as around his knuckles tight as he can. Steve’s breath stutters against his throat. “Yes, so good, so—
Sam and Natasha stare at Steve with varying expressions of
Tony’s hoarse, braying laugh follows him across the communal floor all the way to the elevator doors.
And god, is Steve ever fucking him. Relentless, so damn thick, bussing his prostate on every withdrawal only to drive against it on every return thrust, intense, blinding pressure and deep, throbbing heat, so deep inside him. He’s so hard, cock pulsing against his belly as Steve fucks him, but he can’t touch himself. If he does he’ll come, and he wants so much more of this. He never wants it to end—Steve being so deliciously dirty, talking like a goddamn sailor and fucking him like it’s his job, ruthlessly sweet with his hands on his skin, pinching his nipples, squeezing his cheeks as he thrusts long and deep into Tony’s ass.
Slowly, thoughts of Howard, of hurt, start to melt back into the shadows. In their place is Steve, filling up all of Tony’s empty spaces with light, even some of the ones he didn’t know he had. For such a strong man, Steve is unbearably gentle, handling Tony the way he might handle spun sugar or thin glass. Tony has never felt so genuinely cared for, and the fact that he can’t pull back and thank Steve with a kiss smarts a little in the face of it.
As if anything about Tony Stark could ever possibly be
“Please,” he whispers, hand softening on Steve’s chest. He never wants this moment to end, being held in the soft safe circle of Steve’s powerful arms, never wants Steve to stop looking at him like that, like this is everything
and he needs the space to work it out for himself. you're always there to fish him out when the water gets cold, and by that time Tony's ready to tell you about whatever's eating him.
—so fucking
Steve gets on his bike and hightails it upstate without another thought or word to anyone. The traffic is light once he gets past Yonkers, and it’s a blazingly fast straight shot to the compound from there. He pulls up to the main gate just as the press conference is supposed to be starting—did Pepper cancel it? Is she speaking on their behalf?
“Oh, you will,” he answers, low and hot against Tony’s mouth, kissing him slow and heavy and deep like it’s an act of mercy. Tony moans into it, arching up on his elbows to meet Steve halfway, rocking back with what little leverage he can muster under Steve’s weight to grind against his cock, which he wants inside him
,” is about the most intelligent response Tony can offer before his brain shuts off again.
The words—carelessly indifferent as they are—pierce Tony like rebar. As his stomach sinks somewhere around the vicinity of his feet, the woman’s words circle round and round in his head like the gears in his watch:
Tony doesn’t have to think twice. He reaches out and takes Steve’s hand. Something in him melts to see the nervousness fall from Steve’s eyes; an easy happiness taking its place the moment skin meets skin.
Steve tips Tony’s head back to look at him directly. Have Steve’s eyes always been this blue, this atoll-deep? A man could drown in those eyes if he’s not careful. Tony would go willingly.
“Flatterer,” Tony rasps, breathing shallowly against Steve’s steady hand.
“How about this: you sleep, and in the morning I’ll ask you again when you’re not dick drunk.”
Tony scrambles for a handhold, digging his fingers into the back of Steve’s neck and hanging on like a limpet while Steve rolls and bounces him slightly on his thigh and pulls him up hard against his dick every now and then, clutching his ass so firmly Tony knows he’ll have ten individual bruises in the shape of Steve’s fingertips there for a
of skin on skin. He wants that. He wants whatever Steve wants. He wants
He is trying to muster the same courage that had brought him into Steve’s arms that night, but in the broad, bright light of day, taking those steps into the living room where Steve is sitting on the sofa, blissfully unaware of Tony’s presence, feels like an insurmountable challenge. Doubly so given that Steve is probably well aware of his standing there and isn’t doing anything about it. Tony tells himself that doesn’t smart, but his ability to lie to himself seems to be flaking.
“Ha,” Tony wheezes. “Speaking of Legos.” He drops it into his pocket along with the laser pointer and whatever else is in there and hangs his head. Rubbing his brow, Tony says: “God. I could sleep for a
, and this is just Steve’s fingers; how is he supposed to survive Steve’s cock—
, Tony thinks to himself as the kettle clicks off, ready to pour. Steve’s sense of diplomacy is truly on another level, considering how this exact topic of conversation came up in the first place.
that makes Tony shudder and bite his lip. Steve kisses him again for it. Tony rolls when Steve pushes him over, onto his belly; with a moan, Tony drags his own burning cock against the wet spot under him, reveling in the cool, slick touch even as Steve runs his hands up and down Tony’s back, gentling him again before the next round.
At 5:56, Steve glances at his watch and takes a sip of water, opting to watch the bubbles in the champagne glass rise to the surface and pop instead of drinking it outright. At 6:08, the same waiter refills his water glass. They make small talk even as Steve fidgets under the tablecloth. In all of his gearing up for this blind date, the thought had never crossed his mind that the other person might be the one to duck out.
Steve gasps, throat clicking as he pumps the blunt, purpling head of his leaking cock with his fist, tight little circles and twists until he comes with a grunt against Tony’s shoulder, shuddering as he comes, and comes, spilling all over his own fingers, his cock, and Tony wants to cry, it’s so beautiful, how much Steve comes, dripping through his fingers and down the shaft of his cock with it. Perfect, squeaky-clean Captain America, covered in his own spunk—“Fucking
Tony’s not sure how the rest of it goes, traditionally, but he’s pretty sure a Jewish Seder ritual doesn’t involve a six-foot Irish Catholic man with a face carved by angels turning the faithful in place to look him in the eye.
,” he says, like Tony is a revelation. When Tony glances at him, Steve’s eyes are wide, blown black, his expression a little dazed. “Does that feel good, Tony?” he asks. Tony moves his hand, nodding, sucking his lip into his mouth only to release it with a groan when Steve pulls his fingers out to graze Tony’s rim oh so softly.
Tony swallows down the bitter pang of his own miserly self-consciousness and arches his back under Steve’s roving hands, purring under the attention and shoving down thoughts of scars and judgment and pain. Steve seems determined to only make him feel
“Tony.”
. and eventually—quickly, even—you learn. you learn to tell him in every which way you can think of, without words, how much you love him, and why. you text him pictures from your runs through Central Park (he makes the photo you sent him that spring, of the adolescent raccoon emerging from a hollowed-out tree, his lock screen for a week before he changes it back to a picture of you in bed drooling onto your pillow). you help him take off the armor when he's dead on his feet. you feed him. you train with him. you listen to him ramble on about bad movie science and cheer when Matt Damon mentions him in that Mars movie. (You literally
is only a matter of perspective (and a little bit of elbow grease).
“O! Captain, my captain,” Tony crows, grinning, “What can I do for you?”
Steve, meanwhile, is gasping, grunting as he works Tony over, sweating along his hairline and across his big, beautiful chest. It pools in the notch at the base of Steve’s throat and Tony wants to lick it, more than anything else, so badly he all but launches himself off the bed and onto Steve’s lap, scrambling to get his arms around those broad shoulders and seal his mouth to that beckoning notch. Steve doesn’t even blink when he does it, just wraps his arms around Tony and holds on, flexing his hips to thrust up into him without missing a beat.
Fuck it. He’s been hurt worse before.
so you set yourself to the long and genuinely joyous (if at times frustrating) task of convincing Tony that not only do
himself, more like, until he’s leeching Steve’s body heat for his own and chasing his hot, unhurried tongue with his.
of his heart) that he’s looking directly at Tony Stark, whose face has gone an endearingly bright shade of red, almost the same shade as the armor.
The way Steve’s eyes darken at that little remark is definitely something Tony intends to investigate further, later. For now, he leans into the hand now resting on his cheek and sighs.
to be a part of Tony's life like this. it's also frustrating, and infuriating, and dangerous, but that was always the case. the only difference is now, you can have make-up sex.
you manage?”
“Captain Rogers,” he says, and sticks out his hand. Steve shakes it. The man points a thumb at himself: “Captain Freddy Harrison. A little after your time, sir, but an honor to meet you regardless.”
you have planned?” he asks carefully, and Tony knows before he opens his mouth that the truth will out, because Steve has that effect on him. He always has, goddamn him. But for once, Tony is almost relieved, because if there’s anyone in the world who will appreciate what it means for Tony to say this, it’s Steve Rogers.
Strangers want Tony Stark, the celebrity; Steve wants Tony as a friend and teammate. That’s all. So Tony steals his nice, platonic hug as he trembles and breathes his way out of a panic attack, being careful to avoid nuzzling the soft notch at the base of Steve’s throat the way he wants to. Badly.
And, god, when did Steve ever laugh like that with Tony? Sometimes he got close, coming up with little
“I know he does.” Steve expression turns dour, then, a complete one-eighty from the face Tony had been looking at a second ago. “I’m sorry,” he says. “Did anything else happen? With Hammer?”
It’s a few more minutes of Steve blowing Tony’s mind with kitten licks to his soft palate and firm, intermittent thrusts of his hips before Tony has to pull away with a gasp of “God,
, and he’s not counting them but he’s not going to forget a single one of them, either. This one is hard, fierce like Steve is fierce in battle, charging forward with single-minded focus; Tony moans, kissing back as much as he can in this position, bent-backed and breathless as Steve siphons the air from his lungs and sucks his lips until they’re slick and pliable and helpless against Steve’s. When his arms start to tremble from the effort of holding himself upright, Steve notices, and he moves a hand from Tony’s ass to his throat, holding him there so, so gently, even as he continues to plunder Tony’s mouth like he’s digging for gold. Tony shivers—Steve is so strong, he could crush Tony’s windpipe as easily as if it were a twig, but Steve is also hypercompetent and infinitely caring. He would never let it happen.
“He reminds me of Steve,” Bucky tells the room when young Tony is shown with a replica of Cap’s shield, posing triumphantly to the sound of Jarvis’ delighted laughter. Jess aww’s.
Funny, the room has stopped spinning, but Tony still feels off-kilter, like everything is a little unbalanced. Or maybe that’s just Steve, and the way he’s looking at Tony, hard and scrutinizing but relieved. Tony’s felt the same relief before, with Steve—the knowledge that despite a dangerously close call, the man he loves most in the world is still alive, and is here with him, despite everything.
and the other usual clichés, but one kiss from Steve has Tony ready to list all kinds of superlatives. Steve kisses steady, and Steve kisses kind; he waits for cues from Tony before adjusting the pace, or his position, or the pressure. He gives and gives and doesn’t take.
“Hm.” Steve huffs, but he doesn’t look at all put out. If anything he looks—happy, if Tony had to put a word to it. Happy, and not a little bit satisfied, like he’s
He looks
“I can hear you thinking,” Steve says as he lowers himself onto Tony, who wraps his legs around Steve’s absurdly narrow waist without a second thought. “Care to tell me what’s going on in that big beautiful brain of yours?”
It had to be that one.
“I would caution you against your choice,” they say, wise and mischievous at the same time, somehow, “but I know you will set things right, when the time comes.”
“J-just for you, handsome,” Tony slurs, swallowing around a mouthful of drool because Steve’s cockhead keeps grazing his prostate and it’s so, so fucking good, it’s
“I’ll handle it,” he says. He’s taking a page out of Tony’s book here, winging it where he’s used to planning. Bucky was proud when Steve told him his half-cocked idea to go back in time to be with Tony Stark, however Tony would have him.
Tony startles and turns on his heel with a gasp to watch as Steve—glorious, beautiful, stunning, distracted, nervous, harried,
He must manage okay, because the look that passes over Tony’s face is the same one Steve’s seen in the mirror a thousand times since the day he realized he was halfway in love with Tony Stark: wonder, one part lost, one part found.
Tony wouldn’t be the first to admit it—he wouldn’t be the third or the fifth or the fiftieth, even—but he’s a very physically affectionate person. For a man who doesn’t like being handed things, he loves using his hands to show his fondness for others. He has his little touches, arm pats, shoulder squeezes, handshakes; hugs are almost exclusively reserved for Rhodey and Pepper (Happy, Steve’s learned, isn’t a hugger), but no one is exempt from being kissed when the mood strikes Tony Stark.
Howard stumbles into frame like a bad Vaudeville performer, slurring Tony’s name like an expletive.
“I think we need to compare our respective strategies,” Natasha says, taking Wanda’s arm on her way to greet the other woman. “This is Wanda; I’m Natasha.”
“Later,” he says, leaving Tony’s wrist to reposition his legs for him. While Steve works, pulling Tony’s legs out and down and open, Tony swallows down the burning need to beg Steve
calls us up out of the blue one day and says ‘You’ll be waiting six months to a year for a decent repair job, let alone a complete replacement, and I owe you guys, come on by
Steve doesn’t even have to use his Captain America voice to get Tony to do as he asks. By the end, it was like that all the time: Steve would ask, and Tony would oblige, and the ease with which they learned to communicate as a couple was unlike anything Tony could have hoped for, except for the part where Tony didn’t want to go public with their relationship and could never get Steve to understand
Sometimes it’s the only thing that gets him through it. Coming home and talking to Steve in hushed tones over leftovers and water, sometimes tea, with Steve none the wiser that all the while Tony is fantasizing the most mundane things: sickening little domesticities like Steve undoing Tony’s cufflinks and massaging his shoulders before carrying him to bed, or even just wrapping him up in a hug for a few minutes, whispering—
Tony looks down, can’t help it: Steve is just so gorgeous, massive where he hovers above him, and Tony gasps when he sees the absolute work of
, knocks him upside the head with it.
Tony didn’t install security cameras in the bathrooms, so he won’t be able to rewind the footage to make sense of how he went from standing flat on his feet in front of Steve to being pressed back and up against the door having the air siphoned from his lungs, but he’s not about to lodge a complaint. He just hooks his legs around Steve’s waist and holds on for dear life while Steve fills him in on everything he’s been missing this past week while caught up with meetings and profit statements and schematics and event planning and now his brain is oozing out of his ears because Steve’s cupping his ass with both hands and is all but fucking Tony’s mouth with his tongue and who the hell needs a profitable global business when there’s
“Tony, what—”
“Yes, Steve,
“Knew you’d be so good for me,” Steve murmurs against his neck. Tony is slipping—he almost doesn’t hear it. “You’re so sweet like this, aren’t you, baby. That’s it,” he says, scraping the back of Tony’s neck with his blunt fingernails, “ride my fingers, just like that.”
this moment, just like Tony seemed to be.
even when you fought, bloody and fierce and deeply, horrifically
“Steve, I’m—oh, God, I’m getting close,” he breathes, rocking up to cling to Steve’s head and mash their mouths together in a graceless kiss that’s more teeth than lips, but it’s so hot, feeling Steve like this, panting against his mouth as he fucks his thick, slick fingers in and out of Tony’s fluttering hole. The pressure is right there behind his groin, deep in his pelvis, buzzing and terrifyingly close. He hasn’t come untouched since he was at MIT, young and soused and fucking anyone who’d have him, but with Steve it’s easy, too easy, to let go like this. And really, if anyone could break that particular streak, it’s Steve.
, standing there in the kitchen at—Tony glances over Steve’s shoulder at the microwave—three thirty in the morning, arms full of a blushing and bewildered Tony Stark, who may or may not be hallucinating all of this.
Steve’s so wrapped up in the food he’s eating that he almost,
. “I think I could keep you like this all the time. Filled up with my cock, all loose and wet and open for me whenever I want it. I could come by anytime, slide right in,” he says, drawing his cock all the way out in a long, wet slide that Tony can
, I don’t need your help.”
, and Steve would reciprocate, but this isn’t real life. This is a fluke, a generous departure from their day-to-day lives so Tony doesn’t break his sobriety or go on an insomniac tech bender for three straight days. After this, Steve will go back to his life, and Tony to his, and they’ll be friends, but Tony will have to go on living knowing this is what he could have had if things were different.
“You used my toothbrush, didn’t you.”
, and he tells himself he won’t, but nothing changes the fact that right now he is so strung out and overwhelmed by everything that’s happened the past few days that he
Tony can’t talk, but he can make those noises Steve likes so much, moaning around Steve’s tongue as he sucks it into his mouth, gasping out little broken noises on every long, powerful thrust of that huge cock inside him. He wheezes when Steve speeds up, drops his head onto his shoulder and cries out as Steve smacks his other hand to Tony’s ass and hauls him up and down, slow and deep and dirty, holding him down to spread him out on his thick base before pulling him up, teasing his sore, slick, prickling rim with his fat cockhead before shoving him back down on it, filling Tony up with one shuddering thrust.
As if to drive home his point, Steve rocks back and Tony is crying out, loud and unrestrained, when he feels that long, scalding tongue push back inside him and lick, deep and wet, all the way back out to lave Tony’s hole before Steve is spearing him again and kissing his rim with all of the dedication and attention he paid his mouth before, hard, sucking kisses that make Tony moan like he’s dying, but what a way to fucking go, pried open on Steve Rogers’s tongue while he holds Tony’s impossibly hard cock so, so gently, lets it drool precome thick and heavy over his fingers as he works Tony open.
magic. And his heart was made of pure light. He’d placed it in Steve’s hand. Steve never told anyone how it burned him to hold it, or that he’d prayed for the wound not to heal.
Tony isn’t about to cry out of sheer happiness, but he’s not
the world was when Tony wasn’t around, how much smaller and duller and just...
Tony starts moving around, shuffling back and forth across the living room floor, looking for something that probably isn’t there. Steve knows when Tony is avoiding eye contact with him—it happens often enough.
Tony’s not okay unless Steve is with him, because Steve challenges him, Steve inspires him, Steve builds him up and makes Tony want to be the good man Steve somehow sees him as. In this scenario, he skips the question and kisses Tony breathless, instead, reminding him with his plush, pink mouth and a little bit of teeth that Tony
“Ooh, is that you, Tony?” Wanda coos from her place on the loveseat next to Vision.
, that hurt…”
of times.
Steve doesn’t know where that came from. Tony gasps and looks up at him like
thigh
and still Tony can’t muster himself to take the dozen steps into the living room and plant himself in the man’s lap. He can do that, can’t he? Or did the week of almost total radio silence put a kibosh on the whole Steve-and-Tony thing?
“Furniture, sometimes. Cityscapes. Did a course on nudes, once,” he adds thoughtfully, and Tony almost chokes on his sip of wine. Steve smirks. “That sort of thing.”
“Back up whatever footage we got and send a copy to SHIELD to analyze,” Tony tells Jarvis. “I’ll go over it with Bruce when we –” he cuts off when a gloved hand grabs him by the arm. He stops, looks at the hand, then up at Steve’s face. “Did you want something, Cap?”
“Right,” Steve pointedly doesn’t roll his eyes. He gets the feeling, sometimes, that Coulson knows when he does, even if he can’t see him. “Is that everything?”
“I live to serve, sir.”
Steve double-checks his bike to make sure he has everything before heading out of the garage for the elevator. It’s only mid-afternoon, but he thinks if he plays his cards right, he might be able to drag Tony out of his workshop for an early dinner. One of the agents on the team he’d been assigned to had suggested a place not far from Central Park, and walking in the park together has proven to be a great way for the media to get the “happy couple” photos everyone seems to expect of them without actively putting dozens of cameras in their faces. It also has the added bonus of being a great place to people-watch, which has quickly become one of Steve’s favorite things to do with Tony. Tony’s weirdly observant, and the two of them are good at getting details the other misses. The commentary tends to be more biting when they’re among the socially glamourous set at formal events, but in the park, watching strangers going about their everyday lives, Tony’s wit is softer, and more often than not ends up with him making notes for something to bring to life later in the workshop, anything from better shock-absorbers for wheelchairs to toddler-friendly kites.
Tony shrugs. “It feels right,” he tells him. “I don’t know what this,” he gestures between them, “is. I don’t know what it can be, if we make it out of this. I know what I’d like it to be, but if that’s not something you want – if
Natasha’s got an odd look on her face, but all she says is, “If you’re sure.”
“I think someone’s getting cabin fever,” Clint’s grin is much more natural. He swings his legs, kicking his shoes against the floor like a kid. “Any chance Fury will let you off your leash long enough to come play? They’re putting together strike teams for a handful of missions, and I’ve never been to Bogotá.”
“I’m fine,” Tony says, closes his eyes for a moment while Rhodey fiddles at his wrists, then forces himself to open them again, meet Rhodey’s gaze, and say it again. “I’m fine. We’ll do our song and dance, we’ll appease the voting and tax-paying public, and we’ll get out of this and go about our own lives again. I don’t expect anything from him. I’m working on being less of a dick,” he raises an eyebrow at Rhodey, because Rhodey had called it ‘pigtail pulling’ the night before, and Pepper tends to refer to it as him getting his hackles up, but Rhodey doesn’t say anything. “Hopefully, he will respond in kind, and we won’t end up killing each other.”
,” he insists, not sure why this is a sticking point, but, somehow, it is.
“Seriously, ask Natasha about the legal stuff. Or even Pepper, she likes you, and can probably de-legalese the whole thing for you if you want. And she’s got plenty of experience dealing with my less than savory exploits, so she can give you a full rundown on the best way to play off anything. Either way, they’ll be more help to you than I would be. And I’ve got a thing, in the shop, I’m in the middle of it, so you go back to sleep, or drawing – you should show me what you’re always doing in that book, by the way – and I’ll go. Do my thing. In the shop.”
Flashes start going off the moment Steve steps out of the limo. He leans back down to offer Ms. Potts a hand, but Tony takes it instead, and Steve can see Ms. Potts nudging him forward even as she narrows her eyes at Steve over Tony’s head. Her injunction to “ramp up the couple-ness, every time you are anywhere together,
Steve winces. “Sorry,” he says. “I didn’t mean to startle you. Are you bleeding?”
For what feels like a long time, neither of them speaks. Tony doesn’t know what to say. If he did, he wouldn’t have avoided the two of them being alone together this long. Sorry doesn’t cut it, and he’s not sure he is, anyway. But it wasn’t worth it.
“And they all have such tiny dicks,” Steve continues, still peering intently at the statue.
Tony looks up from the glass of Scotch he’s been holding long enough the ice has melted. He’s not sure when he lost track of everyone. He’s pretty sure Bruce and the new woman, Carol, had been sitting next to him on the couch, talking, only moments before, but now Carol’s across the room, deep in conversation with Rhodey, and Bruce is nowhere to be seen. It’s just Steve, hovering in front of him. Cap. Rogers. Tony’s not sure enough of where they stand to know what to call him.
“I’m also sending you a few other files. They’re older. Eyes only. And I’d highly recommend you take a look at them at your earliest convenience.”
“Sir is partial to blueberries,” Jarvis replies. He sounds a little stiff, but Steve can never quite be sure if he’s imagining things like that, or if maybe it’s the accent.
’ve taken.”
“Come talk downstairs?” Tony says when the silence stretches.
“– so you are just going to have to deal with it,” Pepper says over him. “Look,” she says, softer, “I’m on your side, here, if there are any sides to be on. This isn’t what I would wish for you. Maybe if we hadn’t –”
Slowly, Steve makes his way from room to room, touching bits of furniture, opening cabinets. There are full windows everywhere, reflecting the rooms back at him, but if he stands next to them, he can see the city lights winking up at him. Everything looks clean and comfortable. The sofa is soft, opposite what he’s learned is a full, high-end entertainment center. There are shelves of books in a wide variety of genres. There’s a closet full of clothes that look like they’re his size, everything from gym pants to full suits. The bed is large and neatly made. The bathroom is even bigger than the one he’s been using in the penthouse, with a multi-head shower and a decadently large bathtub. The same brands of shampoo and soap he’s been using are lined up neatly on a shelf under the main showerhead, which would be a little disconcerting, but he’s been around long enough to recognize that Jarvis probably had everything set up for him. The kitchen is open and airy, all gleaming chrome and shining marble countertops.
“That’s not –” Steve tries, but Tony’s already backing towards the door.
. “Enough stalling,” she says, and that’s the end of that. “You won’t get better just standing here.”
It’s another couple innings before the paparazzi find them. Tony’s mostly surprised it took that long, gave up on questioning
“You have no idea,” Steve murmurs, directly into Tony’s mouth as he kisses him again.
, thinks,
has been pleasant. It makes for a surprisingly nice change, though Tony’s a little concerned that Steve might be a pod person, or trying to lull him into a false sense of security. To what end, Tony doesn’t know, but thinking about it is helpful to Tony being able to keep himself in check, and not get too used to Steve being friendly, which is all kinds of dangerous.
“I see nothing unusual, sir,” Jarvis adds. “Whatever was causing the change appears to have ceased.”
things so the time’s not a complete waste. You
“I.” Steve stops, not quite sure how to answer that. “I’m moved in?” It comes out as more of a question than he meant it to.
call us out for bank heists. And I
The agent laughs. “Godfrey,” she supplies.
Pepper kicks him under the table.
, Tony doesn’t want to come just from this, but he
“Captain?” he asks, and Steve thinks,
Steve gives him a wry smile. “I didn’t love feeding time for the piranhas,” he admits, “or the way they think it’s acceptable to ask such invasive questions in a public space like that – or anywhere, really, but especially in a place where they shouldn’t be to begin with. But I had a good time in spite of that, and I hope having to make a hasty exit didn’t ruin it for you.”
“Fair enough,” Steve allows, manages a bit of a smile of his own in return. “And it was fine. Thank you for asking.”
Steve shrugs. “I didn’t say it does,” he hedges, then rushes on before she can call him on it. “It is good to get out, though. Do something that’s not being photographed. And training here is different. It’s important to mix things up, keep us on our toes.” He tries on a smile, and it doesn’t feel totally fake, which somehow seems like a victory.
“You’re kidding me.”
Tony rolls his eyes, though he knows Steve won’t see it, picks up a different screwdriver to adjust one of the gauntlet’s fingers. “They’d pick up a story on Tony Stark cheating,” he says. He doesn’t add that there’s a good chance there will be stories even if he hasn’t done anything. He’s surprised there haven’t been any before this.
From Pepper’s look, when he chances a glance at her, it doesn’t. “And before that?” she asks.
Sudden silence as Sabotage cuts out makes Tony jerk up from where he’s been bent over one of his jetboots, fixing some of the finer circuitry in the repulsor unit. Pepper’s heels click across the floor as the door slides shut behind her.
“Ms. Potts,” Rogers is part way around the table, standing awkwardly, like he’d jumped to his feet when they’d walked in. Tony wishes he’d been paying attention to have seen that.
Tony can’t help but laugh. “Yeah, upstairs,” he says. “Do you want – yours or mine?”
“What the hell?” he hisses. If this is retaliation for the height crack, Steve is pretty sure it’s overkill.
It’s flattering, more than flattering, the way Steve won’t let go, doesn’t stop kissing him all the way up to their floor, and even then can’t seem to pry himself away long enough to get from the elevator to Tony’s room, keeps reeling him back in to kiss him again every time Tony steps back, pushes him against the wall halfway there.
“Don’t stop, and don’t talk to anyone,” Tony says, reaching up with his free hand to adjust Steve’s tie, as if that had been what they were talking about the whole time.
Tony comes fully into the room and closes the door behind him. He’s holding a sheaf of papers in one hand. “I wanted to give you these,” he says, holding them up. “Make sure you had them, for when you need them. Natasha probably explained them when she was going over paperwork with you back before – well. Before.” He takes a few steps closer to the bed and holds the papers out. Steve takes them automatically.
Feeling a little warmer under the collar than he’d like, Tony swallows roughly, himself. “You, too,” he says, wants to reach out and touch, because Christ on a cracker does Steve look good, but isn’t sure that’s allowed. He firmly tucks his hands into his pockets to keep them out of trouble.
Tony is not going to listen to another lecture. Not now. “You were dead,” he says, and Steve’s mouth snaps shut so hard Tony can hear his teeth click. “Dying. All of you. But I wasn’t. I was the only one of us still standing. And it was my fault. I could have stopped it. I
, things won’t be that bad after all. For right now, Tony’s going to actually let himself hope, because he’s not entirely sure how he’s going to get through this otherwise.
“Nothing,” Barton says. “Actual nothing. The rats are gone.”
Now that he’s thinking about it, he realizes a number of the books he’s seen have been things he’s mentioned – sometimes only in passing – as titles, or authors, or events he’s been interested in. And, in that light, the art he’s recognized probably isn’t just Ms. Potts having good artistic taste, though, from everything Tony’s said about her, he’s sure that’s part of it.
Steve blinks some more.
He spends the rest of his morning reading a hard copy of
“That’s already gone,” Tony says, thinks maybe this at least will be okay, Steve approves of charity.
“You are welcome.” Thor claps him on the shoulder again, and Tony’s knees almost buckle this time. “I had thought to question you further on your aim for this alliance, as you had not spoken of your affection previously. But I see now that I need not ask your intent, my friend. Your regard for the good captain is plain, and it brings to mind many of your actions since we formed our band of warriors. For all you speak, you say very little of what you truly feel, letting your deeds show the depth of your attachment. This is most commendable.”
“If it is any consolation, sir, Captain Rogers also seems to be rather anxious.”
“Tony’s got this,” he tells them both, gives Tony another shove.
Tony rolls his eyes expressively at Bruce, who just raises an eyebrow. “I’ll tell him. Jarvis, get the kids up to the hangar when they’re suited up.” He salutes Bruce, and the screen goes dark as he heads for the landing pad and a suit.
Steve ducks back into the train car. “Widow and I are going to go over this car, see if we can find something. Iron Man, Hawkeye, run another sweep of the tunnel.”
Not that he’d use it as a selling point, but dinner and a walk in the park tends to lead to other things for the benefit of the various less-than-stealth photographers that follow them around, and the random passersby who also like to take less-than-stealthy pictures to post on the internet. And whatever else he may be, Tony really is a very good kisser, and Steve would be lying if he said he wasn’t enjoying that aspect of things almost as much as he’s enjoyed going to museums and art shows. He doesn’t want to overdo it, or make Tony uncomfortable, of course, but he likes wrapping an arm around Tony’s shoulders, or holding hands over tables or between chairs. He likes kissing his hair or cheek when they’re standing around talking to people he doesn’t want to talk to, or in greeting, or when one of them wanders off. There’s something comfortable about it, something settling, and Steve hadn’t realized how much he’d wanted that kind of casual contact until he had it. Steve also really likes kissing Tony properly on the mouth, though, which is far from settling, but also something he hadn’t realized was something he was missing. He’s careful about initiating, isn’t sure how much Tony is actually interested and how much is just play-acting for the world at large, but sometimes Tony
Pepper eyes him, but doesn’t refute it, just pulls up the first form on her tablet, and passes it over. “Come on,” she says, “the sooner we get done with this, the sooner you can go back to tinkering.”
“No,” Steve shakes his head. “Bucky and I went to games sometimes, when we could, but he liked it more than I did. He stepped out for a while with a girl who played, and liked to go with her. Must’ve been in ’38 or ’39. I don’t remember why she was down here, but she went back to Canada eventually, and that was that. Bucky moped for weeks.” Steve looks a little sad, himself. He’s been talking more about people he remembers, seems to be finding it easier, and Tony’s happy to listen, likes learning the ins and outs of anything Steve will tell him, but sometimes Steve’s face makes his chest hurt in ways he can’t quite blame on the reactor.
“No,” Rhodey shakes his head, but he keeps his eyes on the tie. “This is worse than a crush. You had a
Pepper clears her throat, taps the clipboard again, says, “Jarvis, would you run a web search for Tony Stark? Just project the first link that comes up.”
“Don’t,” Steve warns, still feeling on edge, and, because Tony is apparently in an obliging mood, he just grins a little wider and doesn’t say anything else until they hit ground level.
“Don’t be stupid,” Natasha tells him tartly. “If he hasn’t done it by now, he’s not going to. The fact that you used to make weapons isn’t new information, he had it before he ever met you.”
Some time later – at least half a dozen chimes, which could mean ten minutes or ten hours – Tony’s elbow-deep in holographic blueprints for a reactor-based Maserati engine when Cover You in Oil cuts out abruptly, followed by the hiss of the door and the sharp clack of Pepper’s heels crossing the floor.
“Can we discuss surveillance above ground?” Natasha’s voice is dry as dust. “Those of us not encased in metal would appreciate the fresh air.”
Steve’s frown is visible in spite of his mask, but he doesn’t say anything, just heads up the ramp into the jet. Something about the way he moves reminds Tony of nothing so much as an offended cat.
“You have your own kitchens,” Tony points out.
and the sound of cursing from under the car, and then the music cuts out and Tony rolls into view on a creeper, clutching his head. He squints up at Steve. “What the hell?”
The agents follow Steve inside and up the stairs to his apartment, waiting politely as he jiggles the key a little in the lock before it turns. He doubts any of the locks in Stark Tower need any extra coaxing to open, can’t even remember seeing any actual locks the few times he’s been there, everything just slid open automatically.
Tony shrugs, turning to face him, and forcibly keeps his hands at his side rather than tapping at his chest where the arc reactor used to be. “Less than you are,” he points out.
If they had been anyone else, Steve’s pretty sure there would have been a mad dash for the door. As is, Natasha and Clint are silently gone in seconds, and Banner and Tony have vanished out into the corridor – Banner asking Tony something about the lab – before Steve has even made it out of his chair.
Then one of the pushier men shoves his phone in Tony’s face and asks, “You and Captain Rogers have been married five months now – has Father’s Day brought up the topic of having kids?” and the bottom drops out of Tony’s stomach.
“Only when it suits the media,” Tony reminds him, turns around, still holding the gauntlet and screwdriver. “And mostly –” his voice cuts out, and he has to tilt his head back a little to see Steve’s face. He hadn’t realized he’d gotten so close, and it’s abruptly difficult to draw a full breath. They’re never this close in private, and it’s conjuring up all sorts of memories Tony does not need right now, of every time they’ve ever kissed or danced or stood with Steve’s arm wrapped tightly around Tony’s shoulders, keeping him close for the eagle eyes of society and the press.
“Bruce is just showing me this one last –”
this is how these things always end up. It’s what got them shackled together in the first place. Somehow, though, he’d started to think they were past this, that maybe they were starting to actually get along. Tony’s even enjoyed some of the time they’ve spent together, and not just because Steve’s nice to look at, especially when he’s all spruced up.
Rhodey hangs out with him until Thursday night, which is pretty awesome of him. Tony doesn’t think he’s seen him this many days in a row since they were at MIT. It makes a nice change to have someone to eat with, and chew over armor upgrades while they chew on takeout. Tony even deigns to actually make some of the upgrades to the War Machine armor himself, instead of just talking about them. He usually stays out of it, since the military has been so grabby about it, but it’s
,” he says.
Tony barely refrains from rolling his eyes. “Thank you,” he says instead. “Is Steve in the hall, yet?”
,” Tony bites out. “It was theoretical. And incomplete. What happened shouldn’t have been possible. And you’re a goddamned hypocrite to tell anyone off for experimenting,
Tony carefully hangs his towel over the back of a chair, next to the one Steve used, and tries to decide which of the openings he’d practiced while brushing his teeth will be the least likely to end in bloodshed.
Something clenches in Steve’s stomach at the look on Tony’s face. It’s not something he’s ever seen there before, even on other nights they’ve run into each other post-nightmare. This isn’t the last vestiges of panic, or the need to fix something, or prevent something from happening. It’s loss tinged with guilt and the inability to get away from what should be over and done. Steve knows that look.
Then there are the times Steve remembers being unable to clear his head, being unable to settle in the glittering crowds, being unable to take a deep breath or focus amid the flash of cameras, could only be grateful there was no smoke like there used to be, and Tony would get them out. Steve doesn’t know how he does it, but Tony seems to have an uncanny ability to find quiet corners, or abandoned hallways, and just, well, remove them from the center of things. In light of new information, Steve’s starting to wonder if that unnecessary callout had been manufactured. It had been a particularly bad night, and the combination of the distraction and just getting away from the glitz and glamour and back into his comfort zone had worked as nothing else could have.
“And you’re not?” Steve tries to keep his voice level and easy.
The final parts of the newest pacemaker Tony’s been working with R&D to develop are just coming together nicely when Jarvis interrupts with a phone call.
It takes three reminders from Jarvis and two only-semi-irate phone calls from Pepper to get Tony out of the workshop the next morning with strict instructions to shower before showing up to the lunch meeting he’s
“Soon,” Steve promises, but that’s not
“We’re all proud of you, and of Tony, for going through this – I don’t know that I could, were I in your situation – and we all appreciate what it means. But that does not mean any one of us is blind to the situation. I know how difficult Tony can be, and that many of us may not seem to, but we do have his best interests at heart.”
After what might be hours or might be just a few more moments, Steve pulls away, just enough, breathes, “Ready?” across Tony’s lips.
“Right,” Steve says again, can almost feel Tony’s lips against his as they move, can taste the coffee Tony was drinking throughout their debrief on his breath. He can feel where Tony is using his grip on Steve’s jacket for balance, and tightens his fingers a little on Tony’s shoulder to hold him, but a moment later Tony drops back onto his heels, and Steve’s fingers slide up the back of his neck just a little, brushing into the short hairs along his nape. Steve can feel the nearly imperceptible shiver that runs along Tony’s spine, and then Tony is stepping away from him again.
Ms. Potts gives him another smile that doesn’t make him feel any more comfortable, then glides off in the direction of her own office.
Steve apparently doesn’t give a damn what Tony wants. He swells like bullfrog, and just goes off.
Tony laughs, though, light and easy. “We didn’t get much of a Valentine’s Day,” he says. “Had a nice breakfast together, but we both had to work,” he shakes his head like it was some kind of tragedy, and for a moment Steve forgets he’s still angry in his relief that Tony’s managed to strike the right chord between the truth and what viewers are probably looking for. “I don’t think I got to see this guy more than a few minutes at a time in passing until dinner,” Tony’s hand lands just above Steve’s knee, and he squeezes a little.
Tony raises an eyebrow.
“I’m not the one living in the building with the sentient elevators,” Steve points out, following, and then bites the inside of his cheek when he remembers that’s not true anymore.
“This is common knowledge,” Thor points out, and he looks a little amused now. “And I was informed of the nature of the agreement upon my arrival. I was given to understand, however, that it was your proposal, and –”
There’s a ripple of movement, heads turning, and Steve looks up to see Tony making his way across the room towards him, sauntering between tables like they’re empty, not full of people watching him, or like the blatant attention is nothing more than his due. Yesterday morning Steve would have said he knew which it was, but now he’s not so sure. He’s starting to get the feeling he knows even less about Tony than he’d thought he did.
Tony glances at his phone as it buzzes in his hand with the upload. “Great,” he mutters, and shoves the phone into a pocket. He holds out his arms, letting the suit wrap around him, relaxing into it, and calls the coordinates up on the HUD. “Where are all our brave little soldiers?”
Tony blinks, and then his grin settles into something almost fully natural. “Would you prefer ‘Sweetcheeks’?” he asks, tone innocent.
“Was there –” Steve starts to ask, stops. “I know this isn’t going to be easy,” he says at last, makes sure he’s meeting Tony’s eyes. “We don’t always see things the same way.”
“It’s going to be everywhere,” she says, voice crisp, pure business, a perfect copy of every time she’s ever needed Tony to sign something, approve something, every time he’s shown up in the media for any number of reasons and she’s had to issue a statement for him. Tony appreciates it, and tries to ignore the way her expression still hasn’t changed. “It’s just online right now, but it will be in print by tomorrow, latest. He can’t talk about the lawsuit without going back to jail, and he can’t make something else up without someone digging and finding out the truth, so he’s going to avoid that, but the rest of it, well. It’s pretty obvious it’s not a recent thing, but it’s still going to get a lot of airtime. You’ve never been known to have serious relationships, certainly not with men, so there are going to be questions.”
And that was apparently the wrong thing to say, because Steve’s coming straight at Tony now, shaking the book he’s still holding in Tony’s face like an overlarge finger. “What gave you the right to sell off my things without asking?”
Tony blinks. “Not you,” he says. “Other people. If you’re going to sleep with someone, they need to sign that, so they don’t blow the cover off this marriage thing we have going on, or accuse you of cheating in the press, or whatever it is they’d come up with.”
“They what now? The who?”
The arm chirps again. Steve’s not quite sure where the sound is coming from.
“All right, then,” Coulson nods. Taps the table for a moment. “The others will need to be updated.”
The locker room at SHIELD that has been set aside for the Avengers to use is oddly impersonal. It’s not something Steve ever noticed before, and he’s pretty sure nothing has changed in the last few weeks, but it’s bothering him, in a background irritant kind of way. Clint and Natasha haven’t seemed to notice, or, if they have, they haven’t said anything about it, chirping each other good naturedly through the partitions while they shower and change back into street clothes.
“Pictures from last night are already circulating,” Ms. Potts adds. “Jarvis, if you would,” she taps the counter, and a series of photos appears above the bagels.
Steve doesn’t even really have to think about it, just nods as she comes back into view. “That would be great. It’d be nice to be doing something useful.”
Not that Tony’s never thought about it. He and Pepper even talked about it at one point, when they were still in their honeymoon phase and it seemed like things between them were really going to work. It’s just that he hadn’t thought about it with
Steve blinks. “You’re welcome,” he says automatically, isn’t quite sure what to make of anything right now.
“I can see that,” Tony gets out, and he can feel the laughter bubbling up in his chest, can see Steve making a valiant effort to contain his own smug amusement.
“What, like you’ve used yours?” what Tony can see of Steve’s face has flushed in a way it only ever does when he’s furious. “To create sycophants incapable of telling you ‘no’?”
“Yes, that,” Tony agrees, and he hopes that Natasha knows that even if he can’t see her, she’s his favorite right now. “But they’re not. Being expanded, or whatever, and sent here. They’re being brought here, and then blown up. Expanded. Made bigger.”
“You told him I had palladium poisoning.”
“What do you mean?” Coulson presses, at the same time as Steve’s “How do you know?”
“Perfectly in line with your usual course, then, sir,” Jarvis points out.
“I don’t –” Steve starts, tries to pull his thoughts back together. Tony’s got one hand hooked into the open front of Steve’s jacket, the backs of his knuckles just grazing the front of Steve’s shirt underneath, and Steve is suddenly very aware of that almost-there contact.
“That would be the Avengers alert, Captain,” Jarvis’s voice cuts into the blare of the alarm.
“Born ready,” Tony answers, gets the laugh he was going for, and smiles more easily for it.
Pepper eyes him for a moment from the doorway, then comes all the way in, circles him slowly, brushes at his shoulders, and then nods approvingly. “Very nice,” she says. “He’ll only have eyes for you.”
“Of course, Ms. Potts.”
Tony rolls his eyes, but goes to follow her orders, wondering if he can handle actually asking Steve about it outright, or if he needs to just continue to keep his mouth shut and wait for impact.
Mr. Cooper chuckles. “I do,” he agrees, “That’s why I’m a little surprised you didn’t have anything excessive planned.”
Tony turns back to Coulson, ignoring the odd look Rogers is now giving him. “Anything else, oh great one?” he asks. “Ms. Potts will make sure Jarvis has an updated calendar, complete with instructions on hand-holding for the cameras, and he’ll make sure the Stone Soldier gets all my plus-ones.”
After too many pictures and too many questions, with no way to politely excuse themselves, Tony’s inclined to agree with Howard, much as it pains him. He thinks,
“Fine. Sorry. I just. Was thinking.” Steve picks up a piece of bread and starts spreading butter on it, just to have something to do with his hands.
“Bleeds off the poison,” Tony explains, and Steve can’t tell if he’s being serious or not. “Gets it off your chest, so you’re not just holding it all in and stewing.”
“Agent Coulson was very specific,” Agent Godfrey tells him, and then moves off to start wrapping plates Steve doesn’t even remember buying.
Steve blinks, because that’s not quite what he meant. He opens his mouth to clarify, but Thor is still talking.
“Didn’t we already go over this?” Tony asks, keeps his tone casual, face blank, turns back towards his work table just in case.
Coulson makes a noise that from anyone else might sound like frustration. “Not yet.”
“Is that why I’m here?” Clint takes a bite of a bagel he’s already slathered liberally with cream cheese.
“The alligators are gone,” Steve answers, a little tense and a little incredulous.
“Good,” Steve whispers, and leans in to kiss him again.
,” Tony feels compelled to point out. “I kissed him
“Right. Well. Thanks,” Tony says, clears his throat. “Just. Just make sure he has clearance for everything. We can set up access for the others later, when we know what they’re doing.”
this.
“So now?” Steve manages.
“The coffee,” Steve says, voice level, almost gentle. “Just the coffee. Caffeine.”
“Everybody grab a buddy,” Tony sings out, just as Natasha starts to lower to ramp.
“Long-range ballistics,” Cap tells him, “much classier.”
Tony resists the urge to point out that that is not, in fact, an answer, and he can tell from Pepper’s smile that she is doing the same. He doesn’t look to see Rogers’s reaction.
“He –” Steve stops, tells himself firmly this is an olive branch, not an attack. “Yes,” he says, instead. “We had a mission, but, given the situation, they’re sending another team.”
Tony is still trying to process. He has no idea what’s about to come out of Steve’s mouth, but he’s sure it can’t be good.
“Did you see where they went?” If Steve sounds like he’s trying not to roll his eyes, Coulson sounds like he’s pinching the bridge of his nose and taking relaxing breaths.
of pretending he’s pretending, and he just. He would just like, just for a bit, to pretend everything’s real, not in a for-the-cameras way, but for himself. If he’s going to be royally fucked up anyway – and he has no delusions about what the situation is doing for his sanity – he may as well let himself have this. Steve is
“Dr. Banner?”
Steve can’t help but roll his eyes a bit, and is pleased when Ms. Potts’s smile shades into something a bit more genuine.
“It can wait,” Pepper informs him, and, no, it really can’t, but Bruce, the traitor, just waves him off, so Tony ends up trailing Pepper back across the lab and out into the hallway.
“Captain!” the boom of Thor’s voice almost makes Steve jump, and he twists to see the other man standing in the doorway behind him.
“Did he say why?”
,” Pepper’s tone is clearly an attempt at not sounding irritated, which is just great for her, because Tony is plenty irritated enough for the both of them. He was in a groove, and as much as he’s trying to cling to it, the interruption has knocked his focus loose, and he’s becoming rapidly aware of the headache building behind his eyes from lack of sleep, and the sour feeling in his stomach from too much coffee on not enough food. “I am
The bang and crackle of late night fireworks outside the Tower windows make them both jerk in surprise.
“Tony.”
to keep this from you.”
“You’ve been married long, then, Nick?” Steve can’t help asking.
, but the birds wheel around, and now they’re mobbing Tony. Steve’s heart almost stops when the armor goes spinning top over toes, the grating thud of the impact echoing in his ears.
on me, or anyone else.”
“I just wasn’t quite prepared, is all,” Steve forces himself to admit. “I’m fine.”
“The last of the civilians are clear,” Coulson’s voice says over the comms as Tony takes a second lap, slower this time. “Paramedics are standing by, but nothing further has been reported.”
“Sir slept for approximately three-quarters of an hour earlier this morning, twice that some three hours prior –”
else?”
, but he knows Steve hears it anyway. He’s not sure if that’s good or bad.
“I spoke with Stark about the ceremony. He said you might require my assistance, as you have few friends in this time.”
She doesn’t even give Tony a chance to argue, just takes him by the elbow and steers him back inside.
. There was no
It’s a quick flight, so Tony doesn’t have long to dwell – or try to come up with ways to incorporate better sensory feedback ports into the suit – and they land only just ahead of Barton, Natasha, and a handful of SHIELD agents.
Tony doesn’t know what to say to that. “What’s in this file?” he asks eventually, isn’t sure that’s the most important thing, but it’s been a while since he’s hacked into SHIELD, and he doesn’t know what they’ve changed in his absence. He makes a mental note to look into it.
Not surprising, but. “Do you want to?”
“Charming is also acceptable,” Pepper allows, and Tony has to actually turn around to scowl at her. She smiles blithely back. “Everything’s going well. The wedding photos were a huge hit. You’ve been trending on Twitter since Monday.”
“Be less busy here,” Steve snaps back. “Go be busy on the perimeter, we can’t let these things out of the park.”
“I missed you.” For a minute, Tony doesn’t realize he’s the one who said it, but Steve’s stopped walking, and has turned to stare at him, eyes wide and dark in the shadows around them. May as well go for it, he thinks. It’s probably truer than anything else he could say. “While I was gone, when we thought we were done. I thought about you, and I missed you. But I missed you before that. When you were gone. I didn’t know how to tell you. And that stupid phone –”
“But, sir –”
“I wouldn’t dream of imagining otherwise, sir.” There’s another pause. “The Captain made his suggestion in spite of knowing your regard?”
“Apparently this is the solution to all of our media problems.”
“I need to tell you,” Steve hesitates, looks more unsure than Tony has ever seen him. “I don’t know how to tell you. But you’re right, it’s not my – I don’t have the
“Civilians all clear,” Coulson puts in. “Agents have them all above ground. Where are the rats?”
tell him?”
– was not about you. There was no need to tell you or any of the others. Not yet. None of you would have understood the science – we were only just figuring it out ourselves – and we knew you wouldn’t stop to think, you would have just gone off half-cocked without waiting for an explanation.” Tony manages to bite back the
“The team won’t care,” Steve says it a little too loudly, and finally has the grace to look a little sheepish. He takes a deep breath and lets it out slowly, and they’re so close together still that Tony can feel the air wash over his face and shivers, just a little. Steve’s got both hands on Tony’s arms, now, rubbing lightly up and down, like Steve’s automatic response is to try to warm Tony up and he doesn’t even realize he’s doing it. Tony shivers again, can’t help it. “Look,” Steve’s voice has gone soft. “I wasn’t going to do this like this. If you’re not interested, that’s fine. I thought maybe you might be, because. Well. But you don’t have to do anything you don’t want to do.”
“Bet he didn’t tell
“Sorry,” Banner says blandly. “That was me. Old tick, you know.”
“We should be good, but thank you,” Ms. Potts replies, putting all the papers neatly back into their folder.
“Yes, ma’am,” Steve replies automatically, but he continues to sit there for a long moment after Ms. Potts and Tony head for the elevator, taking deep, slow breaths. He’s not sure why the idea of going to get a marriage license is all of a sudden making him tense up. He knew what the plan was, and it’s not like the legality of it is going to change anything, anyway. It just seems oddly
“Put him up,” Tony taps the air by one of the screens, and Bruce appears, looking only minorly ruffled. “Good morning, Cupcake.”
“He managed to keep McPherson a secret for a decade and a half,” Natasha points out. She sounds vaguely put out about it, like it was a personal offense.
“Or maybe it will give him the chance to fall for you?” Pepper offers.
Tony refrains from rolling his eyes. “So glad you approve.”
“The workshop?” Jarvis presses.
“Will it?” Tony asks, and it’s a little more pathetic than he’d meant for it to be.
. “What wouldn’t be a hardship?” he asks.
Tony sighs, tamps down the urge to try to further delay the inevitable, and allows Pepper to chivvy him out of the workshop, up to the penthouse – there’s no sign of Steve – and into the shower. He can hear her rustling through his clothes in the walk-in closet.
“You have no idea,” Tony tells him, then gives Ms. Potts a cheeky half-smile when she narrows her eyes at him.
A distraction. He needs something, anything, to focus his mind, take it off the vastness of space and the things he
Rhodes says something that doesn’t get fully picked up, but sounds like
“Of course they are,” he mutters to himself, because of course they are.
“You saw how he reacted.”
Tony shrugs, careful not to dislodge Steve’s hand. “Not intentionally,” he says, and this is exactly what he doesn’t want to talk about, not now. The secrets they’ve been hiding, the fears they carry, they’re out there, and he knows that’s for the best, but this was more than he’d bargained for, and he just. He doesn’t want to think right now. And it’s not usually that simple, but for once, he doesn’t. He tugs Steve forward by the shoulder until he can press his lips to Steve’s forehead, like a benediction, wants to wipe everything away.
“You two are positively nauseating,” another one of the women drawls as Steve walks away. “I can feel a toothache coming on.”
By the time they hit the bed, Tony’s in his boxers and undershirt, and Steve’s down to just his pants, untied and hanging loose off his hips.
“Spoilsport,” Natasha’s voice is accompanied by the crackle of electricity from one of the new stings she’s testing out, and she’s briefly lit by blue sparks.
Steve opens his mouth, then promptly shuts it, because, well, yes, sort of, but still. “But I didn’t
Oddly, that does make Tony feel a bit better about everything. At least he’s not alone in this, and maybe – just maybe – it won’t be so terrible. He’ll have company for all the events he can’t get out of attending, though he’s seen the calendar Pepper has been putting together, and it seems like he’s going to be going to more events than ever, which is unfortunate. But if he and Steve can figure out how to get along, having his company should make all the posturing and posing far more bearable. And if he and Steve can get along, well. Sometimes Tony wants to put on the suit and go a few rounds, but the bit of him that hasn’t managed to douse the damn torch he’s carried for decades can’t help but thrill a bit at the idea of actually being friends with Steve Rogers, actually letting him see the best in him, the bits that everyone else misses, the scattered pieces he doesn’t hate as much as the rest. He’s seen Steve laugh a few times now, seen him smile a few more, and he doesn’t hate the idea of being able to cause that. And fake as he knows this marriage will be, he’s still going to be married to
“I mean they’re no longer here,” Steve still sounds tense, like he’s waiting for something else to happen, but also a bit like he’s trying not to roll his eyes.
Tony slows until they’re walking next to each other and grins at him, shark-like. “To get caught.”
“And for once we don’t want them to,” Pepper agrees. “So it will all work out well in the end.”
.” And he turns around and stomps off before Tony can even open his mouth.
“I didn’t know you had a bad side,” Mr. Cooper replies, and it sounds to Steve like more than simple flattery. “But I know publicity shots when I see them. What did you really do? When it wasn’t a romantic dinner for twelve, not counting the cameras.”
Pepper glares. “If you even
on Katie Whatsername, at MIT. Do you remember how badly that turned out? Because I do.” He gives the tie a final tug and steps back.
, you wouldn’t be here, when all your friends are dead,” Tony snarls back, and, even as incensed as he is, the second he sees the words hit home, he regrets them.
“Non-Disclosure Agreement?” he reads aloud off the top of the first page. “Why do I have to sign this?”
Steve watches him for a minute, pretty sure he just got the shovel talk from his fake husband’s best friend, and unsure whether he should be laughing or concerned.
Tony’s mouth twitches at the word
“You’ve been involved with a number of local charities in the last year or so,” Mr. Cooper prompts, “Can you take us through how you chose them? And what you do with them?”
“You did say that it was unfair for a man of his aesthetic appeal to be a decent human being as well.”
“I’m not anxious –” Tony starts, then cuts himself off. “He is? Are you spying on him?”
Tony nods, and pulls a mug down while the coffee machine gurgles to life.
“You said yourself we needed a workable alternative,” Fury points out, and Steve is surprised to realize he knows the man well enough to detect the hint of smugness.
“This is all a little unconventional,” Tony says as they settle, waves a hand that seems to encompass everything, the chairs, the audience, the cameras. Steve’s not entirely sure what he means, it looks a lot like all of the other sets they’ve been on recently, and the handful he’d been on before that, in the year since the Chitauri invasion, before everything with him and Tony blew up.
There’s a slight scratching noise – Jarvis’s solution to rolling his eyes. “Had you wanted to change access permissions for Captain Rogers, sir?”
It’s only a few minutes to Central Park, and Steve can see the pigeons before they get there. The giant birds are dive-bombing anyone not under cover.
“They were,” Coulson confirms. “Stark already apologized.”
“What?” Steve asks, lips moving against Tony’s with each word. “What’s funny?”
“Paparazzi,” Tony says, low, then, before Steve can turn, “No, don’t look,” and “Don’t punch me,” he adds, leans right up into Steve’s space, and kisses him on the mouth.
“I remember the days when that wasn’t a sentence that would have happened,” Barton sounds a little wistful. Tony can relate. “Those were good times.”
“Right.” Tony takes a step back, holds out his arms to each side. “How do I look?”
Museums are not high on Tony’s list of places he’d like to spend any significant amount of time, but after half a morning at the Met, he isn’t as miserable as he thought he’d be. Mostly that’s due to how thrilled Steve seems to be, and how contagious his enthusiasm is.
Steve looks perfectly at ease, and a little like he’s going to start trying to sell Tony war bonds. It’s fairly impressive.
“I was just curious if you were paying attention,” Steve admits when he stops quietly wheezing. “You could have been building the next Helicarrier, for all I can tell.”
“In the lift,” Jarvis cuts in.
“Does SHIELD know what the radius is on these things?”
“Morning,” Tony responds automatically, then, “Why are you in my kitchen?”
“And then?” Tony prods.
Tony’s nodding. “She always asked what the point of having money was, if you weren’t going to help people with it. Granted, she loved her fancy parties, but she always donated her party clothes after she wore them. She said Society would never let her live it down if she wore something twice, and there was no point letting things just sit around getting dusty in her closet.” There’s a look on Tony’s face that Steve doesn’t think he’s seen before, almost soft. He doesn’t quite know what to do with that. “And Steve, of course,” Tony’s face clears and he looks at Steve, shakes his hand a little, “always wants to help, so it seemed appropriate.”
Pepper opens her mouth, and Tony winces.
“Yes, Sir,” Jarvis hesitates. “And if Captain Rogers tries to pay rent?”
Eventually, he gives himself a mental shake, and goes to get ready for a run.
“Mr. Stark here is all set,” the girl with Tony says, “so Dan and I can get out of your way, give you two a minute alone.”
Steve huffs out a breath, managing to look stubborn, righteous, and
“I beg your pardon?” From Fury, it doesn’t really sound like a request for clarification.
For several long moments it’s soft, gentle, barely there, everything and nothing like what they’ve done in public. Tony holds as still as he can, afraid to move. Then Steve presses forward, one hand sliding up Tony’s arm to the back of his head, guiding him to a better angle as he kisses harder, lips parting against Tony’s, tongue sweeping out, and Tony feels more than hears the noise that bubbles up from his own chest. Steve hums in response, drops his other hand from Tony’s arm to circle his waist, fingers spreading almost possessively across the small of his back, little finger slipping just under the waistband of Tony’s slacks, and Tony promptly drops everything he’s holding in an attempt to get his own hands on Steve’s skin.
, but there’s still a strain there between them, and Steve doesn’t know how to make it go away.
need to go.”
“See you out there,” Steve says, soft, over his shoulder, and then Tony watches him walk through the doorway. He can’t help the way his gaze skims down Steve’s shoulders and back, sticking for a second on his ass, and down his legs, then back up right before the door swings shut.
‘no’! Everyone else is too busy trying to kiss your ass.”
He nods, anyway, because Steve’s watching him, waiting for a response, lets his legs fall open, lets Steve make himself at home between them. He wants to watch, wants to seal this safe in his memory, but he can’t quite take the visual on top of the physical sensations, wants this to last.
Tony looks away. “Probably.” He doesn’t really want to think about it.
Steve hasn’t done anything more presumptuous than kiss him on the cheek in private, and Tony has managed not to freeze up since that first time, but he’s started doing it more often, and he lingers over that, too. Tony can’t help but wonder if it might be misplaced affection, if it’s not an actual bet or dare of some kind, of Steve missing being close to people. He’s been close with Clint pretty much since the beginning – Natasha had said something about Clint having sought Steve out after the Chitauri invasion to thank him for trusting him, and the two of them bonding over hitting things from a distance with old-school weaponry – and they’ve clearly gotten closer working missions together. He’s gotten closer with Natasha in the same way, and is at least comfortable working with several of the SHIELD teams, but Tony doesn’t think it’s anything close to what he’d had before he went into the ice.
Tony takes a circuit around the top of the building, but there’s no movement.
Tony cocks his head a bit, and now he’s just watching Steve again, like he’s waiting for something.
“Oh.” Tony shrugs a little. “Might head out early, watch from the Tower.”
He’s been doing this more than he maybe should of late, slipping outside while Steve’s otherwise engaged, though usually it’s with groups of people. Tony’s certainly glad for Steve’s sake that Steve is doing better in crowds, but he’s also glad for his own. He hasn’t had to be less vigilant, exactly, but it’s been nice to be able to get away for a few minutes, to get a breath of air, or even just to use the restroom without worrying Steve might have a panic attack. He hasn’t asked Steve what it is about being in the Captain America uniform that makes bright lights and loud noises okay, when he has so much trouble in any other kind of suit, but, well. He figures that’s PTSD at its finest, and he certainly can’t throw stones there. If Steve wants to talk about it, he will. Tony wouldn’t be surprised if he had, with Barton or Natasha, maybe. Tony thinks they’re all probably better at dealing with their various traumas in armor. He certainly is.
“Race you back to the quinjet?” Barton offers.
“Pigeon’s good eating,” Clint’s remark is casual. “And there are more than enough to go around.”
“What do you want?” Steve’s voice is rough, ragged already, and his fingers are tracing patterns over Tony’s skin – hips, sides, across his stomach – like they have a mind of their own.
“I should –” Steve tries, because he should probably go handle press, too, as much as he hates it, and as much as he doesn’t actually want to go smile with Tony for the cameras, but Rhodes interrupts him, as well.
“I –” Tony starts, but Rhodes cuts him off, gives him a firm shove.
Tony blinks, because that’s a good point. “Both.” Both sound problematic.
Some part of him, though, wanted to do it. Stupid and masochistic though it might be, a part of him wanted to know if there was already something going on. The part of him that couldn’t wait until someone else brought word back that Steve hadn’t asked for a copy since he’d moved in because he’d already had someone sign one and didn’t need to pick up anyone new. Tony’s pretty sure he wouldn’t have been able to handle hearing that from Pepper. Certainly not from Natasha, if she’d even bothered to follow up with him.
“Yes,” Tony says before he can talk himself back around again, and his stomach swoops at the look that crosses Steve’s face, surprise and something a little like hope. “If you – I – we – yes.”
Bruce hums down the line again. “Movement patterns and growth radius suggest two cars down from Hawkeye, towards the back of the train. I can’t tell from here if it’s science or magic.”
“Give them a show, right?” Tony’s smile turns into a smirk.
And Tony. Tony
“Let me,” Steve says, hands wrapped in the bottom of Tony’s shirt, and, for a wild second, Tony almost tells him no, leave it, because the literal peak of human perfection is standing in front of him, and he can flaunt the reactor all he wants, but the scars are a different story. Steve’s seen him shirtless before, though, has seen him
Steve freezes for half a second, because they’re still airborne, but then Iron Man shoots past him, one armored arm hooked around Banner, and out into the open air. War Machine, Clint in tow, is next, and then Thor is offering Steve his hand, like they’re heading out onto a dancefloor.
They’re almost back to the Tower when Steve breaks the silence, clearing his throat to get Tony’s attention. “I had a really good time today,” he says when Tony looks at him.
For a second, Tony thinks Steve might actually haul off and hit him, but he just steps back, expression still furious, but colder now. “Clearly such a hardship for you. Remind me to thank whoever pried your wallet loose from your fingers, but it isn’t necessary. I can pay my own way. I wouldn’t want any
Abrupt silence falls, and it’s almost deafening.
What feels like only a few minutes later – but is probably at least a few hours – Atomic Punk cuts out, followed by the predictable click of Pepper’s heels.
Whipping around, heart jerking in his chest, Tony stares.
Tony glances up with a wry smile, then looks back down, starts moving the bits of bread around on his plate. “So kind of them not to want to interrupt our honeymoon.”
“Affectionately, sir.”
Ms. Potts makes a noise that’s half-thoughtful, half-impatient. “Well, now they’re interested. And they’re going to be even more interested if we continue to stand here.”
, and that. That’s maybe not what I need to be taking from this, but right now? Right now, it’s something I never thought I’d have.”
– to trust you with our secrets, especially secrets that are not relevant to the team but certainly involve the safety of people
“I like being covered in grease.”
“I could maybe get the gang together, set up a mission, Operation Save the Puppies, but then we’d have to know who’s killing the puppies, and there aren’t actually any puppies in need of saving. I mean, there are, of course, puppies in need of saving, all the time, I’ve seen the ads, but there are no specific puppies being targeted at this moment in time, at least that I’m aware of. What I mean is –”
Captain America is alive.
and Hard as Howard had always bragged. Tony doesn’t want to be able to communicate with that, that
The uniting of a fam-squad is often called a “rave”. In this, the Essence of your fam-squad is celebrated, whether that be through drinking, dancing, cuddling, reading, or anything else.
⏩⏩⏭⏭🗯🗯💦💦
He freezes, and Steve
The whole team fights, first against each other, and then
He escapes, and becomes Iron Man. Flying away from Yinsen, donning this suit of armor that Yinsen helped create against the world; Tony knows he must be strong, he must be Hard, if he is to face what is to come. Yinsen helped prepare him for that world; Tony must honor that legacy.
Pepper, Rhodey, Tony. And JARVIS, too, if you count him (you should). Four-ish people, in the entire world, who know that Tony loves the feel of silk. That he loves embroidery, the soft tug of the thread painting dazzling pictures across a blank white canvas. That he is, to his core, a Soft Böi. Those four people are the only ones who know of the hidden cabin.
Fury glared at him for a moment longer.
Tony flicked a small glob of butter off the knife-blade at him.
War Machine replied, after a pause.
He was a nexus of probability, a focal point… …a star.
He was accurate, and sneaky, and generous.
“All right, run that by me again?”  Tony waved a hand at him in a ‘roll tape’ motion.
Tony had the emergency/police band frequency crackling rapid-fire information in his right ear, and only smooth static in his left, the channel kept open for Peter.
Peter flushed.
At first he wasn’t sure the record was being played at all, because it started with a soft, regular mechanical noise, almost like the very faint beat of a helicopter blade.  Then a slow ripple of cymbals, and a clear, meditative guitar began.  Hide-headed drums, like he’d heard in North Africa while countering one of Rommel’s agents…
Harry would learn so many… many things that Tony would have preferred he hadn’t.
“-I- want ‘im,” Luke declared.  He prodded the forklift driver with the toe of his boot, “-hey!  Toro!  You seen the Goblin around here, or what?”
Steve’s loft, 2:51 AM (next day).
The window washer nodded, smiling wryly.
Tony shut his eyes and felt the light, smooth bodies ricochet softly off his right cheek and fly off.
made him feel better.  He turned to sit down at the kitchen table, and stopped, staring stupidly.  Sitting in the center of the otherwise empty tabletop, there was a ring.  Tony’s thoughts flicked uneasily to Reed Richards’s book about parallel universes for a moment… and then his reawakening mind recognized it.
“Yes.”
“You know, if you put an open bag of Corn Pops in the crisper, the condensation-” Tony began, slipping into lecture mode.
The result was… dirty.  Shadows.  Shades in shadows and scraped lines of texture, meaningless, yet speaking in a way that made him hesitate to look at it straight-on.
“A conversation I had with Pietro, actually,” Steve admitted, “-you see, his room is right next to mine…”
Steve was hard too, uncomfortably hot and confined beneath layers of khaki and well-fitting blue leather.  …But seeing Tony like this, touching him and watching his eyes slip closed, lips parting-
“Fury, can you get a missile launch authorized?”  Iron Man demanded, picking himself up.
,” Falcon replied, just this side of insolence.
“Harry!”  Mary Jane wasn’t sure exactly where his injuries were, so she put a hand to either side of his face, and kissed him.
It was a multi-level nightclub, tall lines of sputtering neon wavering in the heat of the blaze within.  The lower levels of the building were already gone, a glowing inferno through the open front double doors facing onto the street.  The shaken crowd outside had had the sense to fall back more at that point, and they cowered like a gold and polyester rainbow on the far side of the hastily erected police barricades.
.  It’s okay though.  I’ve caught a few things he missed while he was editing this one…”
Minutes became half an hour, and Tony felt a little better.
“…Hi, Steve,” he whispered, finally.
Then he heard quiet, desperately-controlled breathing and whirled around, shield upraised.
“Fair enough,” Tony nodded.
“-This one’s from Jarvis,” Tony said, setting his coffee cup down and holding up the handwritten page in question.
“…The Green Goblin did this?”  Tony asked, carefully.
C-4      Mr. Tambourine Man       Bob Dylan
Peter felt obscurely hurt.
Outside the burned building in the warehouse district, NYC, 9:45 AM (same day).
Tony’s bedroom, 9:46 PM (same day).
He made it, and escaped out into the hallway beyond, shedding insects as he went.
“Get up,” Steve ordered quietly, smiling down at him.
Tony got up, and paced around the garage floor backwards and forwards for a moment, eyes fixed on the screen of the gray scanner in his outstretched hand, as if he was dancing with it.  Forward… back… over… …-there-.
(camera pan over the broken section of street and downed telephone pole)
“He’s my assistant,” Tony called back.
,” Peter whistled.
“I read all about it after I woke up.  They ran Charlie Chaplin out of America, Tony…  Charlie
“Okay, I’m talking to this guy who can cancel out gravity, but then he just floats there like a soap bubble and he can’t- -yeah, I’ll ask-”
Harry put the brush down, and smeared the center of the design with his fingers.
“At any rate sir, the Cube was destroyed,” Cap summarized, “-so we accepted the newly-liberated islanders’ gracious offer of a ride to mainland Jamaica in one of their sailing craft, and I was able to contact the Avengers from Kingston.”
…It hadn’t felt this bad when Steve had shocked him back, Tony thought frowning.
Steve reached up, fingers tracing the skin around the base of the covered arc reactor in a smooth caress.  He touched a brief constellation of small, irregular scars, almost lost against the more obvious details of Tony’s chest.  The way the upper and lower muscles didn’t shelve so much as blend and layer together.  The hard symmetry of the latex-covered arc itself, and the pale blue glow within, cold and clean like the light of a star.  Small tan nipples- -Steve brushed one firmly with his thumb- -that he’d somehow expected to be darker…
Part of his mind wasn’t ready.  Part of his mind was still scared, and if he pulled Tony’s mind apart far enough with his hands, he could watch the other man lose it from a safe distance again, and not think about what it might be like to hold him naked.
He put out a hand and touched rough, scorched cinderblock.  Felt the cement in between crumble under his fingers, just a little.
“-Is that cheese?”  Tony asked.
“Nice work,” Spider-Man said, approvingly.  He looked up at the way the silos towered into the twilit sky, and scampered up the back of one.
…Even aside from the nauseating crunch of the British villain’s bones and jetpack slamming together into the cooling unit of a cab-over semi-truck at a combined velocity of over 120 miles per hour…
Steve waited.
It was to his credit therefore, that he stood his ground, feet apart and gun held firmly in both hands with barely a tremble… with the Green Goblin bearing down on him.
“YES,” Harry said, vehemently.
fast, leaving the ground with a startled yell on sheer momentum and wrapping himself up the web-line like a yo-yo on a string.  Spider Man managed to release the web in time to avoid being wrapped up WITH his opponent, but the hurtling man collided with him in mid-air, knocking both of them to the floor.
“No, Colonel, they all did.  I re-distributed the members of Iron Man’s team where I felt they could do the most good for the rescue effort,” Steve explained.
“No,” Steve laughed.
“No, I’ve got this,” Tony replied, absently.
weapon, almost brutal in its simplicity…
He could smell the oily chemical tang of the insulation foam of his armor overheating, and the points where metal touched his skin felt like they’d been left out for an afternoon under the Saharan sun.
“Web this to the back of his head or something,” Iron Man ordered, pressing the small device into his hand.
Tony drifted somewhere between sleep and waking, riding the steady hum of the power from the wall.
“What does he look like now?”  Danny asked.
An early-model Harley-Davidson Panhead with a gas tank the same shade as the blue on Cap’s shield, and fittings of untouched, glowing chrome.
“Do you want a beer?”  He asked, without looking up.
Peter thought, in the tiniest fraction of a second before his body finished tensing to move.
“…Why?”  Peter asked.
“Hi again,” Tony said, and instantly started fishing for his lost sunglasses under the truck’s radiator.
Steve’s loft, 8:48 PM (same day).
“Yes, actually,” Steve replied seriously, smiling at him.
…Floating high up in the nearer left-hand corner of the room in what looked like a split-second attempt to hide, were Wanda and Warbird.  …Though Steve supposed that having seen this
Steve shut his eyes, forgetting for a split-second that the scent didn’t -belong- here.
Tony asked, finishing a line of screws on the back of his chestplate and flipping it over.
“Aaah!”  Steve did a quick and improbable twist of his body, grabbed empty air where the shirt had been a moment earlier- and woke up.
Chuck Easton had been on shift for four and a half hours when he got the call.  He’d seen a lot in his tenure as a security guard there, and he was prepared for thieves, punks, tweakers, lost children, vagrants, irate customers, and the occasional gang-member…
“I feel so loved- -Ooo, hey, the part about War Machine is on!”  Peter pointed.
He grabbed the gun’s base, wrenched the weapon clean off at the swivel-point, and pistol-whipped War Machine in the faceplate with it, snapping his scratched gray helmet to the side with a noise like a wrecker’s hammer.
Pause.
“Are they
“Fun day at the office?”  Tony guessed, wryly.
, suit up!”  Tony cut him off.  “-We’ve got creeps in a hijacked coast guard cutter attacking a container ship near Ellis Island…”
Opening his eyes, Tony found himself in the arms of a beautiful woman.  The surface of her blonde hair flickered in the rush of wind the way the edge of a frayed flag does, and the fact that she wasn’t squinting at this speed made her seem far more than human.
There had to be -dozens- of real estate companies in New York City, but within a time window of less than two weeks…
“What’s the other refrigerator for?”  Steve couldn’t help asking.
A shadow in the smoky night sky above, Peter was swinging back and forth between the roof of the club and the roof of a high-rise across the street, bringing people across with him.  The fire department had one engine trained on the club itself, and another hosing the nearby buildings for the inevitable collapse.  Fat drops spattered and hissed across the hot metal of Tony’s faceplate as he drew back from the sealed double-doors.  The cops had taken charge of the two long, thickly-spun weblines Peter had left from the corners of the building to the ground.  The braver and more desperate of the trapped people above were wrapping their jackets or shirts around the line and sliding down the long curve to the ground that way.  The zip lines were a calculated risk, dangerous as hell to use with a mob of untrained civilians up there, but with the roof tar melting under them, there really hadn’t been any choice.
“You can sling your webs almost as fast as the Falcon can fly, but what would be
Cut to a grade-schooler in a ‘Yankees’ jacket.
“They have flagpoles you can use for flashy aerial attacks?”  Tony teased.
the Green Goblin’s arson spree.  Best case scenario if that happened, the bastard would get clean away, and at worst the Goblin might decide to do something
Luke’s radio replied, distractedly… before static strangled the channel entirely.
“Anybody you wanna bring in for a look at this stuff?  -Before- we call in the shmucks that lost it in the first place, I mean?”  Lt. Farrell asked.
Together now, nothing fancy, strength meeting strength in a rolling snap that set Tony’s teeth on edge, made his breath come in deep, sharp-edged gasps.  Then a shift in the angle, and he was leaning further forward than he meant to.  A strike that grayed out his vision, but didn’t quite finish him…  Two…
took on the RED SKULL armed with nothin’ but his winnin’ personality, an’ his trusty pair o’
“I tried to keep you out of it, but… you’re kind of a hero yourself,” Peter shrugged, uncomfortably.
“You’re welcome, Tony.”
“Yez lookin’ too high, then,” the boxes muttered, “-run over all kinna people like that…”
Steve returned with a handful of records, and sat back down beside Tony.
“You have a very active imagination,” Tony smirked.
“I wanted to lay on it,” Tony replied, “-on my back.”
he’d done, told Steve about his parents, and losing Stark Industries to his cousin Morgan, and Sunset Bain?
“So… how did it go?”  Tony asked.
Tony sighed, and lapsed into unhappy silence.
Tony hung back as aunt May congratulated Peter, and surreptitiously checked his watch.  All the indicator lights were still off.
Steve’s hands moved in a pattern that echoed, an asymmetrical counterpoint of greater and lesser force, careful inside and just a little -too- hard across the muscles of his shoulders.
“-I’ll tell Peter you stopped by, all right?”
“I think it’s a furnace, or some kind of experimental microwave device,” Peter guessed.
“HEY!  Do I look old enough to have a son in high school?”  Tony demanded, trying to sound hurt.
Dimly-lit warehouse, NYC, 7:20 PM, 1971.
you die…!”
?         Leader of the Pack         The Shangri-la’s
Tony entered the rest of the code with his eyes shut, and finally got it right.
“-What…?”  Harry asked, craning his neck.
“You were sayin’?”  He prompted.
“Okay, what parts of your armor do you have to process cryogenically?”  Peter asked.
Unlike some jukeboxes, this one would change records every time a new combination was pushed regardless of whether the old song was finished or not…  -which was fortunate, because Tony played the beginnings of
Tony’s bedroom, 8:48 PM.
“Hm-?  Well, Power Man mentioned you ran a bike shop here in the village, or I doubt I would have,” Steve replied, guilelessly.
Tony remembered he was holding a cup of coffee, and drank.
“Yes, it was,” Tony replied, pleased at the deduction.
And what if the Green Goblin sat down in his own Halloween-themed kitchen with five bucks worth of New York City newspapers, and put all this
Steve’s loft, 1:34 PM (same day).
Tony replied tiredly, reaching up to key his radio.
He cornered the Racer against the side of a building, taking a brief chance, but War Machine missed, his reversed hand repulsors tearing out the re-bar in the wall behind the Goblin, narrowly missing-
“What day is it?”  Tony demanded.
heavy…”  Tony fumbled, “-are you leaning on it?”  He frowned.
“The Avengers found Captain America,” Luke told him.
Steve unzipped Tony’s coveralls to just above waist-level, and pushed them down off his shoulders.  He lifted the edge of the shirt Tony wore underneath, and there was a brief tangle of clothing as both of them tried to pull it off at once.  Tony won possession by leaning back momentarily, and tossed the shirt over his shoulder without looking at it.
…The fact that a martial artist as gifted as Steve was probably
Peter sat.
He and Tony were relaxing at the kitchen table drinking coffee, and from the look of the dishes in front of them and the delicious smells that lingered in the room, they’d already
Steve glanced over his shoulder in Peter’s direction, then changed quickly into jeans and a clean white t-shirt.  He wasn’t used to paying attention to modesty around other men, really- -the Army had beaten out what little modesty he possessed
“-I can take care of that.  Bring it on inside,” Tony nodded knowingly, stuffing the note in his pocket.  Steve did so, and Tony pulled the rolling garage door down.
“Hey Peter!  Are you done in there?”  Tony called through the bathroom door.
Iron Man breaking mach one, from unwisely close range- -he’d blurred that one.
The following hours go something like this:
The Hardest Hard Böi to ever Hard, who now knows that Tony- that Tony-
What does matter is the fact that Tony and Steve finally hooked up, and Natasha won the betting pool. Well, JARVIS won the betting pool but was disqualified because he’s basically omniscient.
each other, trying to defend New York from aliens (what the fuck, world?!?). And there’s definitely…. something, there, in the way that the six of them seamlessly work together. Tony wants to hate the easy teamwork, he really does, because Captain America turned out to be just as
Steve is the only person in Tony’s life who’s asked something, not for himself, but for
It appears that, through all measurable indexes, Sir is 55% happier, healthier, and more productive when Steve is present in his life. Currently, Sir is the unhappiest he has been since before New York, due to Steve, as well as the other Avengers, not being present in his life.
As you hit puberty, your body will flood with hormones that cause you to have near-relentless urge to find, have, and protect a singular squad. As you move from middle school into high school, most people will find themselves cutting ties until they only have one main squad. This has led to the ‘class and squad exclusion’ cliche that is very popular in most high-school movies.  (see: Mean Girls, Clueless, etc.). While this can be very helpful in forming tight bonds- 25% of high school squads will one day become Fam-squads- it also means that, for the 5% of high school students who are unable to become part of a pack, these four years can be some of the worst in their lives.
Tony hates Captain America, and everything he represents- all the falseness, all the bravado, the lack of feeling. He detests the sharp edge of the shield, done up in blinding primary colors, screaming for attention.
and instead blabbers on about shawarma, while he tries to ignore how fondly Steve is staring down at him.
The easiest way to tell what your orientation is through vocalizations. There are two mains vocalizations: UwU and RawR. UwU is mainly used by Soft Böis, and RawR is mainly used by Hard Böis.
No-one else has been this steadfast in his life. Rhodey is constantly off with the Air Force, Pepper always asking Tony to
Tony does not embrace his oncoming death; yet, at the same time, he does not struggle to avoid it.
Soft Böis tend to like pastel colours. They usually relax by doing things such as knitting, baking, and napping.
Tony is a Soft Böi to his core. Howard and Maria are Neutral Böis, capable of working either way, but all the best CEOs are Hard Böis. There is no room for a Soft Böi in a world of conference rooms and incredible wealth.
The others discourage it for a little while, trying to lure him out with promises of food or entertainment, but over time they seem to accept it.
Then Afghanistan happens, and Yinsen becomes the fifth person in the world to know.
“❓❓❓” he says, concerned.
Being a Soft Böi, even if it was suppressed from a young age, is an integral part of Tony.
It’s terrifying; flying into the wormhole, being completely and utterly alone. Seeing the gaping expanse in front of him and not being ready, prepared, for how small, insignificant,
Before Steve and his fucking
Soft Böis are
Great, because he can fill the suit with soft padding, making the lights dim and the entire world look soft and hazy through the HUD. He can fly to the tiny soft cabin in the woods in a matter of minutes, simply drop off the radar and allow himself to
Tony spends the next couple of days tinkering around, mulling things over. And by mulling, he means being depressed and slouching around the cottage, but we’re not talking about that.
He doesn’t have a plan, really, of where he’s going, so he lets himself just
Maria panics- she has faced the force of Howard’s wrath before, and no Soft Böi, especially one as sensitive as Tony, would be able to survive it.
It is well within his parameters to send Sir’s GPS location to Steve Roger’s StarkPhone.
So Tony secludes himself away, builds up his walls, works on improving and improving both his mental and physical armour.
So Tony secludes himself away, builds up his walls, works on improving and improving both his mental and physical armor.
Even though Howard thinks he is a Hard Böi, Tony is raised on stories of Captain America. The strongest, toughest,
he would feel in that moment.
Tony’s never had a squad before, always been far too secluded
He holds Tony after the torture, sees how he needs his hair stroked and to be wrapped in blankets, and says nothing. Tony
If only he knew.
Tony has been trying to conform to expectations all his life. He has tried to be Hard, to only make weapons, to fit into the neat little boxes everyone puts him in.
A nuke.
As soon as the door whooshes shut behind Steve, Tony goes into full-on panic mode. Steve knows. Or, if he doesn’t, Tony is going to slip up around him sooner or later.
Tony lands heavily in the suit, careful not to stomp on any of the flowerbeds that surround the quaint, pink cottage. The one place he comes to be completely himself, with no worries or concerns.
Therefore, the better question to ask is:
It’s certainly not ideal, (that’s the fucking understatement of the year), but-
Steve gently persuades him, with lots of kisses and nuzzles, to come back to New York.
After burying Jarvis, in a small ceremony almost no-one attends, Tony breaks.
Tony, well versed with the place as he is, does this all with his eyes closed, shrouded by a small unicorn-themed sleeping mask. Because, well, laziness.
Tony hates him on sight.
RawRRawRRawRRawRRawR
Here's chapter three in which Steve and Tony meet. It goes just about as well as you think.
A photo of this moment- the single tear, the sharp bespoke suit, the impeccable façade- will become famous. It will become
What. The. Fuck.
Tony realizes he’s crumpled to the floor, Dum-E draping his favourite pastel blanket over him. He clings to it desperately, frantically trying to regain some semblance of control over his emotions.
JARVIS contemplates Steve Rogers for a moment- a fraction of a second- and runs some data.
Permanently.
But he can’t stop being Ironman, either. Ironman needs to be available at a moment’s notice, and living apart from the team will strip him of that ability.
One, stupid little crack that Tony can never seal.
He can’t go back to New York. He can’t, can’t,
After he comes back to his senses, a still-sniffling Tony glares at Rhodey, daring him to say something about his now-obvious orientation.
Whatever.
. Someone will realize, and the entire Stark legacy will crumple.
came in and started being nice and shit.
What. The. Fuck.
And it comes in the form of
The first time Tony ever gets surgery, he is seven. The plastic surgeons take all of the adorable chubbiness, the softness that made his face gentle and kind, and cut it away, giving him hard planes and rough skin.
is Steve Rogers.
They make it a tradition, going up there a couple times a year. Looking back, Tony will realize it’s the only happy memory he has that’s related to Maria.
in a single look, drawing up battle plans on the fly.
Tony takes the nuke, defying all expectations, and lays down on the wire.
But there’s one chink.
some whisper- and heads to MIT alone.
not only as a team but as- as- a family? A squad?
An orientation, simply put, in an aesthetic preference through which one relaxes.
Tony’s voice is rough, gravelly as he talks to the crowd.
And then, of course, Agent Coulson calls him in.
unpredictable, and antisocial to keep many people around. He never wanted one, anyway; he had JARVIS, and the bots, and Rhodey and Pepper. That was enough.
Now, let’s talk about some stereotypes. Throughout history, Soft Böis are often portrayed as weaker, dumber, and less efficient, while Hard Böis are seen as stronger and smarter. Innumerable scientific studies have proved this inaccurate, but the belief is still wide-spread and pervasive. There’s a reason that most of the top CEOs in the world are Hard Böis, and it’s not their competence. In fact, some studies have even show Soft Böis to be better leaders, as they tend to be more empathetic and able to pick up on subtle social cues.
to invite Steve). He does it even though that’s something a Hard Böi wouldn’t do, because the thought of having a
All of the previously mentioned things, however, are rather subjective. Where one Soft Böi might find drawing peaceful, the other might find it frustrating. You need to figure out your own style and aesthetic!
Maria ships him off to boarding school the first chance she gets, a desperate attempt to keep Tony’s secret. It’s Hard Böi only, where the blankets are rough and the rooms are freezing. There, Tony learns to defend himself, use his tongue as a knife to cut others with, even though every time he cuts a Hard Böi down to size, he feels like he is cutting into his own soft underbelly.
His Soft Böi time, something he used to only need once a week, becomes a daily habit. Another room is built, similar to the one in the Malibu Mansion, secluded away in a corner of the workshop. Tony’s the only person, besides JARVIS, who can access it.
Most people will be part of a fam-squad, even if they’re not in a romantic relationship. Don’t worry if you have neither, however; you will find Böis to bond with over time.
Tony cries and screams, UwUs again and again on the floor of his penthouse, shaking, sobbing, vomiting in his grief. Rhodey, that beautiful Neutral Böi, sees all of it; patiently supplies him with endless numbers of pillows, pastels, fruit.
But he secretly loves it.
When the times comes, it’s Tony that turns to Captain America for instructions.
They build a secret room together, in the deepest part of the Malibu mansion, that is filled with cashmere blankets and embroidery hoops. Tony goes there, after particularly tough meetings or when he’s just had enough with the world, and allows himself to relax. Just for a little while. A mini cabin, hidden away in a cliffside, sheltered from the world’s eyes, where Tony can yowl UwUs all he wants.
What is a Fam-Squad? Your parents are probably part of a Fam-Squad. It’s a group of Hard, Soft, and Neutral Böis that have platonically and legally bonded together. Within Fam-Squads, which are usually 4-8 people large (but can be much larger, such as the 200-person Fam-squad that occupies an entire town in Switzerland), there can be several couples.
The next thing Tony remembers is shining bright light, and he moves towards it. It envelops him, soft, welcoming, stroking his skin, soothing his hurts-
He can’t kick the Avengers out; most of them have no-where to go, and that’s just too dickish a move, even for Tony.
He can’t kick the Avengers out; most of them have no-where to go, and that’s just too dickish a move, even for Tony.
for Steve, until one day in January, seven months after the squad moved into the tower.
is both terrifying and wonderful.
In terms of clothing, Soft Böis tend to prefer loose, soft clothing, while Hard Böis like much more tight-fitting, practical cloth.
Steve looks at him weirdly out of the corner for his eye for a second, then accepts the excuse and leaves with a gentle squeeze of Tony’s shoulder, one that does Not make tony feel warm and fluffy, shut UP brain.
Vanko happens, and honestly, it’s barely a blip on Tony’s radar. Tony cares more about the fact that Rhodey
JARVIS’ main protocol is to ensure that Sir is as happy, healthy, safe, and productive as possible.
And Tony- Tony hates it, the easy camaraderie. He feels like he’s betraying his younger self, in a way, that person who would’ve spat in the face of Captain America without a second thought.
Steve Rogers.
He is raised to run the company, to live in a world of sharp edges and steely greys.
is what saves him.
She’s brilliant, in an entirely different way from Tony. It takes her less than two weeks to figure out his orientation.
New York City.
JARVIS has observed Sir carefully over the past couple of days. He appears to be in extreme emotional distress, but refuses to allow JARVIS to employ any feel-better protocols for Tony, all of which were implemented by Steve Rogers.
That only leaves one option; Tony removes himself from the situation.
Tony laughs when Howard says that, laughs and laughs and then vomits into a nearby trashcan. Because Howard- uncaring, unfeeling,
He is indefinable, Soft and brave and
(See the end of the chapter for
He ignores the innumerable calls from the Avengers; most are from Steve.
(See the end of the chapter for
🍆➡️🍑😳😳🆒🆒.
He cannot hold the façade anymore.
It stays their secret, the four of them, working around it, and they manage to keep it for
And there is some truth behind each of those labels. But Tony- Tony’s
One, stupid little crack that Tony can never seal.
It’s not easy.
fulfil.
But ♥️?
Maria and Jarvis take him to a small cottage in the woods to recover, while Howard is away on a  business trip. It is filled with soft edges and pillows, and it’s the one place Tony can be himself. He doesn’t have to be a child genius, or an engineer. Tony can just be soft, just be... himself. A Soft Böi.
who lies within. Jarvis, killed in collateral damage, a product of Howard’s recklessness.
just FYI I has no idea if Tony ever goes public with this shit or not so make it up I guess.
He stays quiet.
He peels back the eye mask, and- no. No no no no no no no no no NO!
Howard and Maria die, driven off a cliff by Howard’s drunken rage.
As always let me know your thoughts in the comments + kudos if you want :D
poster for what Hard Böis are supposed to be.
There they sat; the hard Böi and the Soft Böii; sending their purrs out into the night.
But how do these vocalizations work? Well, you know how you naturally say ‘ow!’ when you stub your toe? Similarly to that, in times of high emotion, you will naturally vocalize either UwU, RawR, or your own personal vocalization if you are a Neutral.
Tony learns to hide it, as he grows up. He learns to suppress the UwUs which want to naturally  roll off his tongue, turn them into the hard RAWRs of Hard Böis, even though they scrape his throat and hurt his tongue.
Soft Böis still aren’t allowed to enroll in the army.
But when he thinks of the Avengers
freaked out about it if not for one
they would take the suit away from him faster than Tony can whip up a cross-stitch or assemble a gun.
Fuck the WSC.
Tony starts working on remote-controlled armour that directly interfaces with his thoughts, measured only by a small, simple headband.
There’s the Tesseract, and the whole Norse-god thing, and honestly, Tony would be
Telling Steve the truth is out of the question. They would kick him off the team in an instant. Then the SHIELD would find out, and then the board, and before too long the entire world, and everything that Tony’s worked for, everything that he’s built up over the past decade would be
Steve asks
And that’s that.
If the world discovered that Tony is vulnerable like that, is weak, is nothing more than a
He always encourages Tony to eat, always invites him to team dinners and brunches. Steve starts leaving little doodles, too, adorable cartoons of a distraught monkey nagging an owl to eat, or sleep, or whatever he’s trying to get Tony to do at the moment.
“✅ ✅ ✅” he replies, and there’s not much talking after that.
He grabs the bomb with both hands, directing it up, up towards the massive hole in the sky, Captain America’s words ringing in his ears.
It’s fine. Tony’s fine.
She conspires with Jarvis, shoves metal and hard lines into his hands, paints his room a dark blue. Covers up his true nature.
It is never even a question.
Fuck them.
Tony’s not dying anymore, and he has his sarcastic cross-stitch and some pretty good friends, so everything’s going pretty well.
A role that Tony could, theoretically, fulfil.
And, who cares if he’s only eating protein shakes, or sleeping two hours a night? Tony used to do that all the time, before-
He peels back the eye mask, and- no. No no no no
Tony invites them all to live in his tower (Steve included, but only because it’d be rude
tiny little fact taking up the majority of his brainpower:
“😳” Tony stammers for a second, before gathering his wits. “❌😴”
Steve leans over him. He looks almost angelic in the sun, which is streaming down from the seamless sky, unbroken by terrible holes and rips.
to this pinnacle of everything that Tony hates in the world.
The dark lines that cut across his skin are mesmerizing. Tony wastes away hours, standing in front of the mirror staring at them. It’s, in some ways, representative; finally, the Hardness that’s been poisoning him for years, turning him rancid from the inside out, has been visualized. Can be measured, in blood toxicity.
“😰” he cries as Avenger Tower fades in the background, “UwU, UwU, UwU!”. The UwUs resonate, reach some deep hidden part of him, cutting into His hidden Soft Böi side.
is just- just- just
And just as Tony was embracing that toxicity, allowing the Hardness and palladium to spread throughout his soul, Howard saves him.
That his greatest creation, his pride, his joy, was
Tony’s breath slows down, slowly bringing himself out of that haze of panic and fear, and he’s immediately overwhelmed by an intense sense of shame. He can’t bring himself to look Steve in the eye.
He cannot tell Steve the truth.
This is the peak of vulnerability, crouched and shivering in a fuzzy beanbag and dressed in a fucking panda onesie.
See, the thing is. 💗 is platonic, right? That’s, like, ‘you’re my pink fuzzy friend.’ And 💕 is companionship, two hearts beating next to each other.
Before Tony knows it, he’s standing nose-to-nose with the Optimum Hard Böi,  snarling in each other's faces, egging each other on, each rearing to fight. Well, not nose-to-nose, because Tony only comes up to about mid-chest height on the mass of muscle and blond hair and perfect teeth that is Captain America. And isn’t that great?
Because no matter how many times Tony pushes him away, refuses to reply, locks him out of the workshop, the idiot just never. Gives. Up.
They sit, Rhodey, Pepper, and Tony, in his Soft Room after the fight. Tony’s sprawled across their laps, hands idly sewing a flowery cross-stich, one that states in flowing cursive, “Calm your tit: just one tit, leave the other one crazy and out of control. That’s your party tit.”
Tony shoves those thoughts aside, the ones whispering to
