There was only 6 weeks until his end of year project was due in, and then only another week until the gallery to display all the classes work in front of anyone at the university who had any interest in attending. Steve had nothing. Well not nothing, he’s been taking photographs and making sketches, but none of it linked together, he had no overarching plan, no motivation. He’s told Tony that art was about showing the world something you were interested in and right now everything was
“I’m not! I, um, I’m, um, fuck I’ve never said this out loud before” A mildly hysterical laugh slipped out. “I’m bi, bisexual I mean, I like Sharon, like a lot.” The arm ‘pinning’ him in place relaxed a little, Steve could have easily walked out of the hold, but he figured Tony deserved this interrogation. Besides it felt, kinda nice?
---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---
. “It’s okay. Well no it’s not okay, you have frankly the worst timing ever, but it’s okay that you’re gay.”
“So much make sense now. Why he kept flirting with you. How you ended up in Peggy’s office with him when you were going to the toilet.” Sharon ignored Steve’s protests. “Why he was so angry about us and then why he ran away! It was all because you’d had a relationship and were hiding it from me! God Steve! You lied to me, for months you’ve lied to me. I can’t believe you.”
---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---   ---
“I didn’t know he was your uncle. I didn’t I swear.” Sharon pulled her hand away and stood up, pacing away from the bed before turning and glaring at Steve.
“Well, now that that’s settled and you’ve both proven how smart you are, perhaps we can discuss a topic everyone can get involved in?” Peggy raised her eyebrow and she stared them both down. Steve flushed as he realised how Tony and he had completely monopolised the conversation for the past 10 minutes. He squeezed Sharon’s hand and squeaked out a sorry.
Clearly the universe hated him, because it wasn’t Sharon that opened the door. Steve faltered in his step forward to embrace her, when he realised it was actually Tony stood in front of him. Tony raised his eyebrows and snorted in amusement when he saw Steve almost stumble away from him, then turned around and walked away leaving the door open in what Steve assumed was an invitation to come in. He resisted the urge to rest his head into the door as he shut it, somehow it felt like this was going to be even more awkward than the last time he was here.
“But we didn’t go on our first date until 3 weeks ago.” Steve squeezed Sharon’s hand in relief as Tony relaxed at that news and stopped glaring at him. “I got tired of waiting him to make a move so asked him out”
“With his blessing?! We don’t need his blessing! Urgh, I’m sorry Steve I don’t know why he’s been such an asshole to you.” Sharon grabbed Steve’s hand leading him down the stairs, she seemed more upset by Tony’s comment to her than anything else, maybe she didn’t hear everything? “What were you two talking about in there anyway?”
Sharon closed the door to Peggy’s house and let out a small sob as she slid to the ground. She’d managed to keep it together for the whole walk home, but now she couldn’t hold back any longer and broke down. She vaguely heard someone call her name and felt arms wrap around her. Part of her registered that it was her Aunt and she managed to whimper out “Steve. Tony”.
“Uncle Tony! Stop flirting with my boyfriend! You’re embarrassing him.” Sharon was clearly trying to keep the smile off her face whilst she admonished her uncle. However, the sight of a tomato red Steve staring awkwardly at his shoes made that a lot harder than it should have been, and she couldn’t help the small giggle that escaped causing Steve to half-heartedly glare at her.
“Wait, let me walk you home. You’re upset and angry, it’s not a good idea to head back by yourself.”
. And third, why can’t you use Sharon in your project? I’ve never seen her be self-conscious of having her image out there, I mean she’s in a lot of club publicity shots. Plenty of artists have ‘muses’ and I know it’s not really your thing, but portraits are art too.”
So word decided to delete the second section of this chapter so it's a tad rushed. Also I was aiming to post a chapter a week but the next chapter probably won't be up for a while cos life sucks and I probably should have written more buffer before posting
Tony snorted as he reciprocated the handshake, his fingers stroking almost imperceptibly across Steve’s “You don’t have to call me ‘Sir’, Tony will do, unless you’re into that.” A grin stretched across Tony’s face as he winked, causing a flush of red to spread across Steve’s face. “And now we know you’re pretty when you blush”. The red got worse.
Steve gestured to his crotch; his current position meant that Sharon couldn’t see anything but she assumed he meant he was still soft. “Oh Steve, that’s alright, it’s normal. Anxiety can make it harder to get an erection, especially if it’s your first time, it’s okay, it’s not something to have a sexuality crisis over. Sexuality isn’t about who you have sex with, it’s who you’re attracted to.” She tried to smile reassuringly and reached out to cover Steve’s hand.
to be vaguely okay with being bi, before you, only 2 people knew, Sam and… someone else. And now I’m not. God the only way I could even consider being okay with interacting with a guy in that way was by setting the age range too high to pick up anyone I knew at college.” Steve laughed slightly hysterically, 5 minutes ago he was going to lose his virginity to his amazing girlfriend, and now he had broken her heart and was rubbing it in by talking about being on Grindr, what was wrong with him? “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t be talking to you about this. I’m sorry, I do love you I really do, just not the right way and I don’t”
“Steve!” Sharon practically squealed his name as she launched herself at him. Steve caught her and span the two of them around for a moment before bending down to place her feet back on the floor and place a sweet kiss on her lips. Sharon reached her arms up to wrap her arms around Steve’s neck, whispering “Hi” as she pulled him into another kiss.
“And that worked out so well. I’m going home. Don’t contact me. I can deal with a lot of things Steve, but not only have you just chosen when I was half naked on top of you to realise you don’t find me attractive, you and someone I’ve known my whole life have lied to me for over 6 months. I deserve more respect than that, so don’t contact me.” Sharon moved towards the front door, but before she could open it Steve blocked the exit.
Sam was about to start reading a handout on coping mechanisms when his phone pinged. “Avoidance didn’t work” He sighed and threw the handout back in his bag as he texted back “I’ll bring pizza” Steve probably needed it more than him.
“I agree, maybe I should spend more time on Campus if this is what students look like.” All thoughts of being hugged by his childhood hero vanished when Steve heard the man’s voice from the stairs and looked up to see his face. Sharon beamed up at the man and ran towards him, diving into a hug.
Scott Summit is actually really cool, seriously, being able to design stuff like his work is life goals
Steve scrubbed his hands over his face, his breathing was still faster than normal, but he wasn’t on the edge of triggering an asthma attack, so he guessed that was improvement. “It would be a bit creepy wouldn’t it? To have an entire gallery installation of paintings and sketch of or about one person.”
of him.” At Peggy’s confused look Tony groaned and carried on. “We matched on grindr about a month before they started dating, we exchanged… ‘pictures’ for a few weeks. I was going to ask him to meet up but he stopped replying.”
Steve glared at her slightly as he pulled his hands away from his tie and held back a sarcastic response. He may not be meeting the president, but Peggy Carter was his childhood hero, the founder of SHIELD, a global security service that worked towards the eradication of violent crime, war and discrimination. Steve had applied 8 times before he went to college, Peggy Carter was a global hero, but most importantly, she was his girlfriend’s Aunt and the first member of her family that he was allowed to meet.
“Steve, we literally just went out for coffee.” Steve closed his eyes and ducked his head in embarrassment, it had just come out and he’d put no thought into what he’d actually said. It worked in the films so he just blurted it out. Luckily Sharon was used to his occasional ineptitude with words and moved towards his bike, then turned back towards him with a grin on her face and reached out for the spare helmet. “Well are we going back to your place or not?”
Steve broke the kiss, his breathe coming in pants as Sharon shoved her hands up the back of his shirt, scraping her nails down back before starting to pull the shirt over his head. Steve let go of her waist so that he could rip the shirt the rest of the way off and throw it into the corner so that he could get his hands back on Sharon’s waist. Sharon gasped slightly, reaching out hesitantly to place her hand on his chest, her eyes blown wide as she swallowed. “So… Um… T-this is great, but do you have a…  A bed we can move to before I mount you right here?”
“Well you can have your boyfriend back now, with my blessing and everything.” Tony slammed the door behind them, leaving Steve to bluff his way out. After all stress builds character or something like that.
Steve looked down at his plate, this wasn’t too bad, he could get through this. It was just a dinner with his new girlfriend, his childhood hero and the guy he met on grindr and exchanged dick pics with. Totally normal, not awkward at all.
Sam snorted and raised his eyebrow. “Sure, unless you know you’ve been dating them for months. Besides it doesn’t have to be an entire gallery of just Sharon, throw in some stuff she likes too, maybe if you ask nicely you could paint Peggy too. Have generations as a theme? Or SHIELD? I mean everyone knows you love them.”
fine. Now stop worrying, anyone would think that you’re going to meet the president” Sharon rolled her eyes as Steve ‘straightened’ his tie for the 5th time since they’d left his apartment, the same tie that she’d told him was completely unnecessary, but the man was Stubborn (with a capital s).
Sam snorted at the attempt at a subject change. “Afraid not Stevie, you are the only mess in my life.”
“Of course, just head up the stairs, turn left and it’s at the end of the corridor.” As he started up the stairs, he caught Sharon turning towards Peggy and asking about Tony’s behaviour, so there went his hopes that it was normal for Tony and not just because of Steve.
“Now should we go through to the dining room?” Peggy didn’t wait for an answer and began herding the group into the dining room, whilst subtly pulling Tony toward the back of the group, where the young couple couldn’t see the dirty look she threw at him. She seated Steve and Sharon together and Tony opposite in Sharon in the hopes in would encourage him to be on better behaviour, then headed to the kitchen to fetch their dinner, ignoring both Sharon and Steve’s offers of help.
“Option 1: Denial, if Tony says something flat out deny it, say you have an identical twin you don’t talk to, fake it til you make it, or more realistically until everything blows up in your face
“She’s going to get hurt either way! I’m just trying to minimise the damage.” Tony sank down into a chair, resting his elbows on the table as he rubbed his hands over his face.
“You’re the first person I’ve told that I’m bi, well first person that wasn’t threatening me, I’m not ready to tell anyone else. Now in line with avoidance, want to play COD? You can call it research if it makes you feel better.”
“I’m bi.” Steve blurted out, looked slightly manic, like he couldn’t understand his own words. Sharon pulled back slightly, so she was still straddling Steve but not sat on him.
Uncle Tony and Sharon walked back towards the group; Steve felt like he was going to throw up. Tony smirked at Steve, the smile not quite covering the threats swimming in his eyes. Steve took another deep breath and held out a hand to shake “It’s a pleasure to meet you sir”.
Sharon deflated and scrubbed her hand over her face. Steve jumped off the bed and edged towards her. “It wasn’t a relationship, it was just a couple pictures, I didn’t want to ruin us by telling you.”
“Whoa, calm down Steve. Deep breaths. C’mon, lets sit on the bed, you can put your head between your legs, and we’ll talk this out.” Sam rubbed his hand up and down Steve’s back whilst he manoeuvred Steve into a better position. “Okay, first, based off knowing you and your art over the past 2 years, you’re not going to fail. If things are as bad as you’re making out, you might not get the best grade, but you’ll still pass and that’s okay. Secondly, inspiration hits when you least expect it, so just take a step back for a couple days, do some
Tony was perched awkwardly on the couch between Natasha and Steve when Natasha grabbed his head and shoved it into her lap.
He hid his face in Steve’s back. The wind stung his face when he looked up, so he just breathed into Steve’s jacket. He could smell Steve’s cologne, and his eyes closed. If he wasn’t on an accident disguised as a bike, then he’d probably be in heaven. Steve was just so comforting. Tony was ridiculously infatuated that was for sure.
He pulled his wallet out of his back pocket and plucked a small picture out. He flashed it at Tony’s friends. The photo was rather adorable. It was a picture of Tony as a toddler. His hair was curling in every direction, and his wide smile exposed his missing teeth. Steve’s cheeks lit up pink. Tony tried to ignore what that meant. He was a master at over reading into things.
The bike itself was gorgeous. Tony could tell that Steve took great care of it. The sides were painted meticulously. Tony wondered if Steve painted it himself. He was talented enough to do it. Tony’s hands twitched. He’d really like to get his hands on that beauty. He could make it run so much better. Steve would probably like that. Maybe he’d offer to fix it up for Steve’s birthday. But as much as Tony appreciated the mechanics of Steve’s bike, he had never ridden a motorcycle before and was pretty convinced that it was a walking death trap.
“I’m here for you, Tony. No matter what.” Tony had a hard time believing that people were ever going to be in his corner. He’d been betrayed one too many times, he guessed. But when he looked at Natasha, he knew she was telling the truth. Something in her eyes. Like she was seeing something that wasn’t there. He knew that she was a kindred spirit. Tony weighed his options and ended up grabbing Natasha in a quick hug. Her arms wound around his shoulders and squeezed. They stood their breathing together for a couple seconds before he pulled back.
“Ew. Gross. No.” Tony’s nose wrinkled in disgust. It wasn’t like Steve was the first person to assume that he and Rhodey were together. Tony spent most of their interactions in Rhodey’s lap, they gave each other physical affection like breathing, and they called each other the gooiest nicknames they could think of. Tony thought it was kind of sad that everyone always came to that conclusion. Tony had been starved of affection for most of his life, and Rhodey had been told that men weren’t supposed to be close with other men since he hit puberty. By all accounts, they shouldn’t have clicked together to have the relationship they did, but when all the outside factors were removed they were both touchy people. They could cuddle each other and be honest and know that the other boy would never judge them. It was a relationship that both of them desperately needed. Regardless of the truth, everyone always assumed that he and Rhodey were secretly dating no matter what the two said on the matter.
involved. The two were practically brothers. Tony spent a lot of time worrying about whether or not Bucky would mention anything to Steve.
“Well she’s Natasha so probably, but Tony she seems supportive. I think that you should tell the rest of the team. I don’t think that they’ll take it poorly.”
“I love you, Platypus. Bye.” He pushed his pone back in his pocket and walked back to the living room. The movie was paused and they were all looking at him. Whelp… that was embarrassing.
They spent the rest of the night cracking jokes, and Tony forgot about all of the shit weighing him down.
“Don’t worry about it.” Tony responded absentmindedly. He was scribbling with his right hand and taking desperate sips from the bottle ever couple of seconds.
“Wait!” Tony called before scrambling out of the vehicle. He gave all of his friends quick hugs before lingering on the last one with Steve. “Thank you so much for this. I had a lot of fun.”
Tony agreed without a second thought. Damn, Steve. At least the two of them were alone. If Bucky was there he would have died laughing. Tony had absolutely no resolve to resist Steve when he broke out the big eyes and the please. Damn, him.
“Is this… coffee mixed with an energy drink?” Bruce asked incredulously after spitting the drink out in the grass beside him.
“Awe Tony. You slept with Steve and didn’t even take advantage of his amazing cuddling skills?” Bucky’s voice sounded innocent, but they all knew better than that. Bucky was a little shit through and through.
Steve looked completely dumbstruck, and it was the most beautiful thing Tony had ever seen. Tony didn’t care that Steve shouldn’t like him. He didn’t care about all the things that made him not worth loving. All he cared about was that Steve was looking at him like he was the best thing he’d ever seen. He was looking at Tony’s dumb brown eyes like they held the secrets of the universe.
“Of course, I did, idiot. I like my innuendo filled one armed jock too, okay? Walking around with Hammertech on your body is basically the equivalent of someone hurting you, and I couldn’t let that slide.” Tony joked.
Clint was Natasha’s right hand man and was basically the funniest person Tony had ever met. Tony was pretty sure that Clint could patent his eye roll as a weapon of mass destruction. That man was even snarkier than Tony himself. He often found himself engaged in heated banter battles with the other boy, and both of them would leave the conversations flushed and grinning. He also did his very best to distract the teacher when Tony was doing inventing work during class. That was much appreciated.
“Hammer products are top of the line.” Pepper deadpanned. Tony let a giggle escape. That was such a blatant lie that Tony couldn’t help but react with uncontrollable amusement. The day Hammer products surpassed Stark Industries was the day the general public could assume the real Tony had been exchanged with a mindless clone because any other explanation wouldn’t make sense.
Tony rolled his eyes, “Oh you mean my many sexploits” Steve made a choked noise, “all of those were lies. I’ve only ever dated two people. They weren’t… great people so my parents worked pretty hard to make sure those scandals never got out. As for the kidnapping, it was reported that I was in Japan. I’m not sure what their plan was if they never found me. They didn’t want to public to freak out and the stock to drop.”
“It was my uncle. God. It was my fucking uncle. He told me he loved me. He held me when I couldn’t stop crying because my dad was being a dick. He took me to get ice cream when the house was empty. He told me that I was going to have a future. That I didn’t have to build weapons. I trusted him. I trusted him, and he turned around and sold me to terrorists. He wanted me to die. He probably still does. That’s why I can’t go home to the only three people who have ever loved me like a family. He could have paid someone that would actually put a bullet in my head on command. I miss Rhodey, and my best friend Pepper, and Jarvis, and being able to go outside without being terrified, and being able to swim in a fucking pool without getting panic attacks, and not having gruesome scars all over my body. I miss not having to hide. But I can’t have any of those things because my own uncle betrayed me. My own fucking uncle.” Tony grabbed a wrench from the table and threw it as hard as he could. It smashed into the wall, but he didn’t feel better. He let out a strangled scream.
He heard retching noises beside him. He couldn’t really see Bruce because Thor was rubbing his back, but he knew who the culprit was. He didn’t even want to look at Bucky and Steve.
The boy cocked his head, “Why would I beat you up? You helped me and Buck with math which we suck at by the way.”
So, he tried not to enjoy riding on the back of Steve’s motorcycle too much. He tried not to read into their study sessions. He tried to ignore Steve’s soft eyes watching him during math class. He tried to ignore the pull in his stomach when Steve threw him over his shoulder to stop Tony from studying for another second. He tried to ignore how nice it felt to be wedged in between Steve and Bucky with Steve’s arm around his shoulder. He was okay really. He really was.
As soon as he got to the bathroom he flung his shirt off and held his head in his hands. His friends were going to find out the truth sooner or later. He was a celebrity. Someone was going to recognize him. He was shocked no one had already. He needed to stop getting so attached to people that were just going to leave when they found out who he was. The door opened, and Tony cursed himself for not locking it. It was Natasha in the doorway. She closed the door behind her and knelt down next to him. Her eyes flicked down to the large network of scars covering his chest and then back up to his face.
Tony took a seat in the front next to the window. He figured if he needed to flee he could just launch himself through the glass. Who was he kidding? No way was he strong enough to even put a crack in that glass. He stared at the glass with a pouty expression on his face before he realized he was in a public area and stopped. The rest of the class filled in and didn’t spare Tony a second glance. Tony was equal parts relieved and offended.
Tony felt pathetic, but he nodded anyway. Tony followed Bruce out of the bathroom feeling disgusted by the way he wanted to curl into Bruce’s side and skip the rest of the day. He wanted Pepper there to run her fingers through his hair and whisper sarcastic comments in his ear. He wanted Rhodey to pick him up and cradle him in his lap. He didn’t feel safe alone like this.
Tony smiled when he got the alert that he was alone in the tower. He pulled his makeup bag out of the safe. Tony smeared foundation on his face and then powdered his cheeks with a nude blush. He used his steady hands to paint on the perfect cat eyes and then swiped mascara across his lashes. He turned his lips red and then headed towards his closet. He slipped on his lace underwear, pulled on tights with a black line running up the back, and put a cute dress on. Tony grinned as he stepped into black heels and began to parade around the tower.
“Yeah you’re right. How dare you flirt with me? I’m a married man. An abandoned forgotten housewife. But married all the same. Woe is me.” Tony drawled in a high pitched southern accent that finally caused Pepper to break her composure. Uncontrollable giggles erupted from the other side of the phone, and Tony grinned in victory.
Tony remembered how Steve promposed with startling accuracy. Bucky had herded Tony into the art room where Steve was waiting in a paint covered apron that made Tony’s heart do all sorts of crazy things. Steve pulled with tarp off of his easel with a bright red face. It was a painting of Tony the day they first kissed. His eyes were closed, and his dark hair looked almost ethereal in the sunlight that Steve had created. Tony couldn’t process that this was how Steve saw him. It took him a moment before he realized that the word prom was painted on the bottom with a question mark. Steve looked anxious because of course the idiot would still be nervous that his boyfriend would turn him down
Dummy rolled over and pushing his claw into Tony’s lap. Tony patted his bot, and Dummy beeped happily.
“I’m taking my baby genius home. It was nice to meet you.” Rhodey said with a smile before hurling Tony into the passenger’s seat of the car.
“Rhodey!” Tony screamed before ducking out from under Steve’s arm and running to his best friend. Rhodey lifted him and spun him in a circle before putting him back down.
Tony weighed the pros and cons of helping the two boys. He was already done with all the problems. They would probably look at him which is a big win, at least until they punch him in the face for looking back. Tony closed his eyes and hoped that maybe life would throw a plot twist in his direction for once and have something good actually happen to him. He wrote out the answer and process of how to get it on a new piece of paper. He folded it into a paper airplane (the perfect paper airplane, he had folded about two hundred with Rhodey to determine it). He pulled his arm back and threw it. He let out a brief sigh of relief when it came to rest right on top of the blond one’s paper.
“What is it about me that makes everyone fucking hate me? I don’t understand what I did. I have a group of friends for the first time in my life, and I don’t even get to enjoy it because I might die. What’s wrong with me?” Tony’s voice faded out. A couple tears slipped from his big brown eyes.
Tony laughed again this time not the product of surprise but of joy. Steve joined him in laughing. He tucked his head into Tony’s shoulder.
He looked at Natasha again. He wasn’t nearly put together enough to create an excuse to get everyone to his house. He needed her to do something. After getting to know her better, he’d ended up disclosing exactly why he was in this small town. She ended up becoming one of his best friends. Saying that she was going to murder whoever was targeting him was basically her catchphrase.
“On my way down to co-ordinate search and rescue.” He assured him, saying the words aloud to let the others know where he was going.
“Thor’s heading back to Asgard.” Tony explained as he handed over a mug of coffee. “But we decided yesterday that we’d go say goodbye.”
“Please don’t do this.” Peggy begged, and Steve wished more than anything he could do that. “We have time. We can work it out.”
“Exactly… They’re coming back.” He could hear their footsteps and their breathing, still fairly relaxed so they must have had a less exciting trip.
“Kill the reactor, Mr Stark.” Erskine called out, his voice noticeably panicked too. “Turn it off! Kill it! Kill the reactors!”
They paused once to let a pair of guards pass by, their easy laughter letting the group know that the place really wasn’t on high alert. Twice the paused to let Falsworth take a photo, the apologetic thrum of their surface bond making Steve accept his request with far more grace than he would have with Stanley.
He headed over to his bike and sat down in the saddle. He had a day to himself, no definite plan until he had to meet this therapist tomorrow afternoon.
“Only ice?!” He snarled, words were becoming difficult as sentinel side of him lost interest in talking.
“Last year, Earth had a visitor from another planet who had a grudge match that levelled a small town.” Fury’s exasperation was plain on his face. “We learned that not only are we not alone, but we are hopelessly, hilariously outgunned.”
Steve shook his head as he met his older friend’s gaze. “Don’t think about it.” He insisted, squirming on the spot as he resisted getting any closer; he had enough problems without his Ma shaving his head to get rid of any lice.
“You’re not exactly a symbol of hope.” Colonel Philips sighed with a curl of his lip. “And one of you isn’t the army I was promised.”
“This is my Iron Man suit.” He stated, and Steve could feel the nervousness rolling off Tony as he showed him something he was clearly proud of.
“Just keep me posted.” Bruce would definitely turn up; his fear of hurting anyone wouldn’t keep him away when they were this desperate, but Tony hadn’t forgotten what he had said about being exposed; he wanted to know when he got here so he could give the other guy an extra layer of cover in the form of back-up.
“Steven…” he rasped, lifting a weak hand to point to the younger man’s heart. Steve understood the message, but pain reared up inside him as the scientist’s hand fell and his life left his eyes.
“So, you’re Tony’s new sentinel?” The man asked as he strode into the room, his sharp eyes clearly noting Steve’s small but muscled form as he blinked away the haze.
It sure looked like a factory floor, but as he made his way across, Steve couldn’t begin to guess what they were making. He grabbed one of the small, glowing boxes before carrying on, as Stark would probably know what he was looking at.
He began to remove the plating to access the wires. He was going to have to pull a fair bit of this apart to get it repaired quickly and he would probably just build a new helmet altogether when he got back from this secret SHIELD meeting. He had another suit mostly complete, but he liked to know he had a backup suit around for if he needed it.
“Well, as I live and breathe, Nick Fury?” Tony opened with mock surprise, faking an accent just to see the man twitch.
Bruce shook his head. “I don’t think we should be focussing on Loki. That guy’s brain is a bag full of cats; you could smell crazy on him.” But Steve disagreed. Maybe he was crazy, but he was still dangerous and he clearly had a plan.
Steve couldn’t help snorting at that. “You’re Captain America, not me.” He’d only seen one show so far, but it had been enough; Steve was almost glad he’d spent just five and a half weeks in a lab rather than dancing on the stage.
“So, he’s building another portal?” Bruce concluded, apparently able to grasp what was going on quicker than Steve could. He’d really only been given the basics – that an alien had come to Earth, stolen the Tesseract, bewitched a number of people and had notions about becoming a ruler. He hadn’t considered the Tesseract a portal making device, but Schmidt had disappeared from the Valkyrie so sucked through a portal wasn’t too far out there.
Once inside, the group gathered as Steve sent a message to Fury to update him. Loki let out a groan as he regained consciousness.
He turned and headed to the left, startling when the door slid to the side on its own. He stared into the room, trying to suppress the queasy feeling that was growing. “It’s kinda dusty in here.” He murmured, then jumped again when Mr Jarvis’ voice piped up from behind him again.
“Then you know that’s not true.” He said plainly, feeling a flush on his cheeks, this time because he was trying to not cry.
Fury’s sigh definitely had a growl in it this time. “I’m not saying we should separate you two right now. What I am saying is you can’t get him the help he needs, especially not without causing a massive fuss. That’s not what he needs, Stark.”
“You located the Tesseract?” Thor asked and Steve turned to look properly, trying to figure out what was going on. He was sure that he would appreciate modern technology when he got used to it, but the way everyone else gave it their full attention was a little annoying. He preferred the war table they had had a few months, but really so many years, ago.
“Want to go see if Mr Johnstone is back yet?” Steve asked as casually as he could, trying to hide how scary it was to see the blood under Bucky’s fingernails as he scratched at his head.
Howard had called him suicidal before he had gone, then pulled him into a tight hug and told him not to die. Hell, maybe he wasn’t feeling too stable after Bucky’s death, but the knowledge of how close they were to actually stopping Hydra had spurred him on.
“Do you… Will that take you long?” Underwater, he meant… but maybe it was best not to outright state that; he wondered if, like himself, the thought of large bodies of water turned Tony’s stomach… And to be honest, he wasn’t sure he like the idea of Tony doing lots of work in the water with only a suit of armour to protect him.
Steve nodded his head and allowed Bucky to lead the way, his distress a high note that strummed over and over along their bond as they stepped over bodies, through puddles and dodged the gigantic vermin that crawled about.
“If you’ll lie down for me.” Erskine gestured to the large, metal machine before turning to mutter softly to one of the women. “Comfortable?”
Bucky laughed, settling back into his usual, relaxed state. “Yeah. There was stuff on fire, but I’m not real sure what he was trying to do.”
“Official consulting hours are between eight and five every other Thursday.” He pointed out, a little bitterly. The only SHIELD business he wanted to know about was where Steve currently was, and he doubted that was included in the folder.
“I’m okay.” He insisted, staggering to his feet with Bucky’s help. “Come on.” He moved towards the stairs, keeping pace with Bucky as they hurried through corridors and out a hole in the wall.
“Out of the way enough that it could be Schmidt.” Steve continued softly, his eyes scanning over the map.
Rogers was silent for a moment. “Your heart and… something else?” Their bond was steadying as he pressed his ear to the older man’s chest, the blinding panic receding as he listened.
“Not on the actual chest piece cos I’m not sure it’s up to any rapid influx.” Tony nodded down. “Just aim for the shoulder. The whole suit is designed to absorb lightning, but the actual shoulder joint seems to be the most intact.”
“A hero? Like you? You’re a laboratory experiment, Rogers. Everything special about you came out of a bottle.” Tony stepped close enough to Steve to smell his breath without trying as his words cut deeply because Tony wasn’t wrong; the most Steve had been able to do before was change the location of where he got beat up occasionally, he’d never been anything impressive. If Erskine hadn’t picked him, he would have died years ago from all his different health issues and his lack of money to pay for anything.
Jim retched, clamping a hand over his mouth as he shivered. Gabe moved his friend’s bowl away so it didn’t spill before reaching over to pat his back. “Keep it down! We haven’t got rations anymore!”
“And you’re all about style, aren’t you?” Steve commented, anger bubbling up at the man’s casual attitude.
“But you’re not the only people out there, are you? And you’re not the only threat.” Fury turned to look at them, his eyes meeting Steve’s for a moment before sliding over to Bruce. “The world’s filling up with people who can’t be matched, that can’t be controlled.”
“Get me as close as you can.” He replied to his guide before shifting to address the woman before him. “You two are gonna be in a lot of trouble when you land.”
But Steve didn’t like the idea of him rushing off on his own; he’d seen the cube turn someone into light and shoot them into the stars and he doubted the Iron Man suit would protect against that. “Look, all of us-”
Steve sighed. “I look like a kid playin’ dress up with his father’s clothes.” He was more than aware of how small he was, but it hadn’t bothered him until he found himself swimming in a uniform.
And he couldn’t help grinning as he saw them waiting. They had a very long walk ahead of them, but he didn’t much care what Philips did to him after this. It was worth it.
“We didn’t come across any trace of Schmidt.” He explained stiffly, still on high alert as he listened for enemy soldiers. “Once we found Erik, we headed back. It was real quiet.”
“Not without me.” The engineer spoke up before he could help himself as he felt something in his head fuse with the captain’s mind as the young man tucked his face into Tony’s neck.
“The room I was in last time was fine.” He assured the man as the car began to move slowly along and Happy leaned up and out the window to place his order.
At the table on the bridge, Steve sat beside Tony as Fury stood before them. He’d taken off his outer jacket of the costume, and he wished he could take the clunky boots off. He wished he could go to sleep and wake up in a hospital somewhere in Greenland, back in 1945… he wanted to go back to the comfort of familiar things in familiar times…
“Stark.” Thor said, pointing over to where the Hulk stood on the sidewalk, crouching over the Iron Man armour.
As Stark’s car banged loudly and dropped to the ground, Steve headed over to the recruitment centre. He scowled as he watched Dick Sanders dare Eddie Davis to sign up; they were both fourteen, but both taller than he was. Even if they lied on their forms about just their age, they’d probably get in; they were both stronger than Steve, their bodies filling out with muscles that he could only dream of.
“It’s like calisthenics.” Then fought a grin at the expression Steve was pulling. “You might have missed a few things doing time as a capsicle.” The jolt of misery let Tony know that mentioning ice might not be a good idea.
Steve went for his gun, but Schmidt’s second punch knocked him off his feet. Landing on his back on the walkway, he lifted both his feet and kicked Schmidt hard in the chest as he stepped over him, sending the other man flying back, and he scrambled to his feet.
As Erskine put down the microphone and headed over as the nurse gave him a shot. “That wasn’t so bad.” Steve informed him in what he hoped was a positive tone; it was no worse than any other shot he’d had in his twenty one years of life.
Was that why Steve had moved out in the first place? He should have called sooner. “I trust you.” He informed him, now confident in the knowledge that this was true. “I want you there.”
“No sir. The suit is sealed, but I believe there is a fault in the removal mechanism that got tangled.”
“I know it’s only a short stop.” Bucky noted as he accepted his hand. “But it’s nice to be somewhere that we don’t need to look over our shoulder.”
Bucky was shaking his head, but getting to his feet anyway. “It’s only fun until we get caught. Then he drags us to Father Peterson and I feel real bad.”
As Dum Dum and Howard wandered off, Jacques pulled out his pack of cards; Bucky, Steve and Jim sat down with him to play as Falsworth and Gabe chatted quietly on the couch.
After Joan had died last year, Bucky had taken to looking after Steve, especially when his ma was working at the hospital and wasn’t there to check he was eating. And honestly, the younger boy didn’t mind; he’d always been envious of Joan for having a big brother and while he missed her with an ache that sometimes made him worry his asthma was acting up, it was real good that he hadn’t been forgotten about.
Would that work? Steve relaxed slightly at the idea of fresh air; he’d been in this facility for weeks and he felt like he was going insane with them prodding at him constantly. He kept zoning out as he had no guide to settle him and it felt like the rest of the time he was half feral, beyond frustrated and desperate to be somewhere else. Any time he had control over what he was doing, Steve tried to meditate.
“Let them pick some other guy to dress up as a dancing monkey. Say I got bigger overnight or something.” Steve objected. “I’m small, but I’m fast and strong and my senses are off the scale. They can take my blood and study it all they like but let me do something useful.”
He knew that a sentinel’s abilities were of a fixed range, that they could increase and decrease between one and five of the senses of touch, taste, smell, sight and hearing, though how many senses and how far they could change it depended on each person. Guides only had changes to their ‘sixth sense’, but this gave guides an ability from a much larger pool. All guides could sense a sentinel they had a bond with, as well as any guides they may have formed a lighter bond with; they could detect emotions and sometimes specific thoughts. He’d heard rumours that some partners developed an ability to converse with each other over distances, which was a bizarre but fascinating idea. He’d never managed it with Bucky nor Howard.
“Don’t worry, Black Widow. We’ll hit him hard enough to keep him down until Tony and Bruce can help.”
“Captain America.” A man called out, his German accent curling around the title. “How exciting. I am a great fan of the films.”
“It depends what you are trying to find. A lot of modern stuff does go onto a computer, though it’s not always uploaded to the internet. Older records though, it depends on where they lived and what they were doing.”
As a distraction from how he’d let Bucky die, no doubt; he couldn’t help the heavy sigh as he recalled why he was here.
Further down the train, he could hear Gabe capturing Zola, but Steve couldn’t make himself get up and go help like he was supposed to.
Fury objected, but Tony ignored him and forced a grin onto his face as the sentinel let him pull back. “C’mon then, buddy. Let’s head off.” And meek as a lamb, with an unnervingly innocent, wide-eyed expression on his face, Rogers took Tony’s hand and trotted obediently after him.
Thinking about them in an office well-lit by natural light was less overwhelming, but it still hurt. In the silence that Doctor Foster was letting continue, he turned his attention back to the painting of the screaming man as he considered the idea of the artist being separated from someone he loved.
The ride through Brooklyn was stranger than Steve had ever imagined. He gazed out the windows as familiar streets and alleys raced passed him, and he couldn’t help but point out these places to Agent Peggy Carter. She was as beautiful as ever, and having her attention on him made him all sorts of nervous; apparently, that made him babble like an idiot for far longer than he wanted to.
“Yes.” She frowned at her hands which rested on the edge of the table. “Have you ever heard of the Theory of Evolution by Charles Darwin?”
“Neither am I.” The smaller man assured him. “He’s got the same blood on his hands that Loki does. Be right now, we gotta put that behind us and get this done.” Maybe Steve wasn’t interested in blindly following orders, but he was clearly a soldier used to fighting a war, able to put a lost battle behind him on focus on what needed doing next… Tony’s eyes slid to the patch of drying blood on the wall, where Coulson had died. “Loki needs a power source. If we can put together a list-”
His guide nodded. “I have flight and my repulsors seem to be working, but I’m not sure about anything else.”
As they skidded to a stop, Thor staggered to his feet and glared at Tony. “Do not touch me again.” He growled threateningly but Tony was spoiling for a fight, his frustration of the past few weeks finally finding an outlet in someone more than strong enough to take it.
“Steve… Steve…” Bucky muttered, one hand sliding up to touch the bare skin on his neck as the younger man pulled him to his feet.
“Howard?” The captain nodded, his eyes slightly glassy as Tony felt an almost physical pain along their bond. “You remember my Dad? He must have died around when you were born.”
Steve was about to mention the explosions at the 1942 show when gunfire sounded around them. Hells bells, this was not what they needed; he’d wanted to sneak in unnoticed. Jumping up, he grabbed the shield and opened the door.
He took a moment to stare at the map Philips had stepped away from, taking in the landscape, the roads and anything else that might help later on. Without a word, he marched out the tent and through the camp, where the rain hand finally let up.
His head ringing and his vision spotty, he stared at the flickering landscape as it rushed by. He couldn’t bring himself to search their bond to see if he was alive… couldn’t currently remember how to search their bond.
Crouching down behind a trunk, Steve searched his mostly dormant bond trying to see if he was close enough to Bucky to feel him, or if they’d been apart so long that he needed to be closer. But to be honest, it was hard to say. He could feel something, but it was muted in a way that could either be distance or… or there could be something wrong with Bucky’s mind. He shuddered at the idea, but it tightened his resolve and he moved.
“Engine three. I’ll meet you there.” Tony said, pointing Steve along another corridor as he stopped at a room that had been labelled ‘tech room’ on the schematic.
“Natasha.” She replied with a smile, and Steve felt a light flutter of approval as she let him peak behind her wall.
“Put on the suit. Let’s find out.” The thought of Tony being ripped away from him, just like Bucky had been? He wasn’t going to just let it happen a second time.
“It’s his MO, isn’t it? I mean, what are we, a team? No, no. we’re a chemical mixture that makes chaos. We’re- we’re a time bomb.” Bruce spoke up.
Steve edged closer to his shield, which would deflect that weapon. “Not my future!” He yelled, before diving for his shield, deflecting the next shot then throwing it to knock Schmidt off his feet. It bounced off the core in the middle of the room and some kind of electricity seemed to spark out from it.
He reached the walkway, his breath coming in choppy pants as he kept his head low to avoid the gunfire. That had been close. But he could hear Tony getting rattled around by the rotors, so he took a deep breath and shifted himself onto all fours and reached a single hand up to pull the red lever down.
“Captain Rogers.” Stark interrupted, and Steve could feel his guide’s building frustration at the situation.
He sometimes wondered what it would be like if people knew that they were the Howling Commandos; the artists always drew a group of guys who were similar to their group, but not close enough that they were ever recognised. There were a handful of photos of Cooper with them, but they were only ever labelled ‘Captain Cooper and the troops’. Steve, he knew, had been given the option of having a photo in the comics, because Captains Rogers and Cooper were the inspirations of Captain America, but Steve had said no.
It was the Hulk’s roar that jolted Tony back to the land of waking. “What the hell? What just happened? Please tell me nobody kissed me.” He babbled as he looked around, unmoving as the suit must have ran out of juice.
Bucky turned back to give him a salute, but didn’t say anything until he reached the girls. Steve stared for a moment longer before heading back inside. He’d said he was going to try his luck, and he meant it. He bet loads of people skipped over the unimportant bits of medical history; they didn’t need to know he’d had a brother die of diabetes before he was born, or that he’d had yellow fever, because the doctor had said it had been a mild case. He debated saying his asthma had been a childhood problem, but they’d be able to figure that out pretty quick.
He grabbed a pair of comfy sweatpants and a t-shirt; the kid was shorter than him, but decidedly more muscled so he hoped they’d fit width-wise just fine.
A moment later and the light faded, then the cube burnt through the floor of the plane. Choosing not to worry about it, Steve grabbed his shield and headed over to the pilot’s seat. He tugged off his helmet, sat down and checked the flight plan… which was not good.
Tony spun back to meet Steve’s eyes. “We are not soldiers!” Coulson had not been some kind of cannon fodder, thrown at the enemy to slow him down. Steve didn’t argue; his gentle expression was genuine as he waited for Tony to continue. “I’m not marching to Fury’s fife.”
“But… It was… We joined more wars?” He wasn’t sure why he was surprised; people always found reasons to fight each other. The Great War had been the War to End All Wars, but that clearly hadn’t worked.
“I think Steve would have been here anyway.” Peggy noted, a hint of laughter in her voice. “But actually, we need a lift.”
“Shut it down, Doctor Selvig.” He commanded as he approached the man, coming down to hover over the rooftop of his own building.
“These trenches were shelled over two weeks ago.” Dum Dum explained as they all crowded round the little table. “So there’s been time for changes, but a base this big?” He pointed to a marking on the map. “It’d take time to move. The last two places we took were just outposts, but this looks like something more permanent.”
“Not really. There just aren’t that many bad guys running around who need something like this to take them down.” A grin twisted Tony’s lips as he glanced outside. “I help the emergency services out, so this suit can become airtight to stop me breathing in smoke and JARVIS keeps the inside at a steady temperature. I also have screens inside the helmet for scanning, in case I can’t see very well.”
“We all are!” Natasha yelled back as Steve heaved a sigh. “Cooper was Captain America. Not me! It’s not that difficult to remember!” He’d been friends with Cooper and the thought of people just dismissing him like that was infuriating.
Watching Fury talk to the dark-haired alien on a television embedded in the glass table, Steve reflected again on how easy it had been to capture him; first in Stuttgart and then later in the forest; Loki had had ample time to escape as Tony had picked a fight with other alien, but he had simply sat there and waited. Honestly, something about it just didn’t sit right with the sentinel.
“You’re leaving already? I thought we were having a moment.” He caught her amused glance before saying “I know, twelve percent, right?” before she could.
The next room along had to have the prisoners in; the atmosphere was heavy with fear and frustration, and the place stunk of ripe, unwashed bodies, of vomit and untended injuries. Inside was quiet, and Steve could see prisoners in round cages, only a few of them whispering, most simply sitting and staring blankly out.
“I don’t think he ever left his town before the war.” Steve shrugged, at least able to understand the other man’s enthusiasm. “It’s all kind of new for him.”
“We have a true bond, so traditionally he becomes part of my family. That makes him more mine than yours.” Tony retorted without exactly meaning to; this wasn’t why he called. “But really, the actual Captain America? The guy who actually did the stuff as opposed to the guy who did the posing?”
“I’ve only got enhanced touch, Steve. I told them I was stable.” Bucky stepped closer as his volume dropped.
“Not that I know of, but you could always look into the different meanings. The files sent over from SHIELD suggest you try to acclimatise yourself to the modern world, and I think that exploring something you are interested in is a good way to do that. You can go to the library and either find some books or use the internet on the computers they have there to have a look.”
“I just…” Her gaze drifted around the empty pub, checking they were alone. “Long before we knew who was going to receive the treatment, we talked about it. There is a theory that male human sentinels were once able to bear children too.” She had gone red as well, but she seemed determined to tell him about it.
“It’s just a prototype.” Tony shrugged, and Steve wondered if Bruce was unaware of the one in Tony’s chest; he remembered that it had something to do with Tony’s heart and that it powered the Iron Man suit, but maybe it was slightly different when it was being made to run a whole building. “I’m kind of the only name in clean energy right now. That’s what he’s getting at.” Tony stated but Steve already knew this as Tony had explained about fossil fuels and greenhouses gases back when Steve had stayed with him weeks ago.
“Jay can help with that.” Tony assured him. “Tell you what, I’ll let you get something to eat and I’ll show you my workshop and my suits later.”
“Straight into you… We have things set up for him so when he’s ready to head back, bring him over to us.” Fury was one step away from gritting his teeth.
“You just don’t like him because he gave me Last Rites in August.” The younger boy teased. He’d been real sick a year ago, and it had been in the previous summer that everyone thought he was done for. Father Peterson had prayed that he make a full recovery if it benefitted his salvation, and Steve had gotten better. His Ma said that he was going to grow up and do something wonderful, because he’d recovered from being so sick and now she and Bucky were wanting him to be a little cherub and follow all the rules. And Steve was trying, but the rules were boring, and surely calling bullies out was a good way to work towards salvation? He was pretty sure God didn’t like bullies either, Father Peterson was big on respect… that and loving your neighbour as yourself, but Steve was fairly certain he’d want someone to say something if he was bullying someone without noticing it so he was probably following that ideal too.
“You underestimate Steve’s ability to aggravate people if you think he needs to meet them more than once before they want to take him out.” Bucky joked, grinning at his friend who glowered at him.
Steve paused, letting Bucky lean against the corridor wall, but only for a moment. “I joined the scientific division and they gave me this weird experimental treatment.” He shrugged, then began to move again, allowing his friend to take his own weight. “I’m stronger than I look, I’m healthier, not had a lick of bother with my asthma. I’m also a sentinel now.”
“Well, you said you guys hadn’t had any time to yourselves, so I mentioned it to some people.” He shrugged simply, watching as all the Howling Commandos huddled together. “I have a car, but you’re gonna have to sit on top of each other.”
“Got it covered.” He assured him as he spun about and fired his repulsors at two different targets, taking both of them down.
He gasped as his bond was strained beyond anything he’d ever imagined and, as he let go of the missile and watched it destroy whatever was waiting in the darkness, his mind went hazy with the agonising pain.
“After I convinced the board to not just consider this but actually allow it? Twelve percent?” She headed over to the sofa and as the laughter began to show on her face.
“This is beyond you, metal man.” Thor stated, his voice evening out as he spoke with confidence. “Loki will face Asgardian justice.”
“Just trying to keep them off the streets.” He explained lightly, checking to see if there were many more dotted around.
He’d gone from several nights in Tony’s super modern home where he had an AI running everything to an apartment set up by SHIELD, where he had a record player but not even a television. Weirdly enough, even the lighting made it feel old in comparison to Stark Tower, which was lit up with brightly, both inside and out; his SHIELD flat seemed dingy in comparison. He wouldn’t have minded staying with Tony as the man was his true guide and a good guy, but SHIELD had suggested that distance was better for him, so that he didn’t end up too dependent on an already busy man.
“Yeah, and I threw up?” Steve could recall. It had been the summer after his Ma had died and Bucky had been determined to make him smile again.
“I enjoyed spending time with my men.” He stated, avoiding discussing the actual work; his work had been necessary, but not the kind of thing you enjoyed. “But my guide died and I- He was -” He stopped as his voice rose in pitch, squeezing his eyes shut as he tried to forget the idea of Howard having to carry on for so long with a broken bond.
“Crying?” His sentinel asked; he felt both Bucky and Falsworth’s surprise at his statement, but he was confident that he was right.
And Mr Johnstone? Well, his prices were too high and Steve only wanted an apple. That was probably fine too.
“Try keep his ankles out that water.” He added, thinking about what they had trudged through to get inside.
“You can’t join.” Steve crossed his arms over his chest, gripping his sides tightly to try and stop his trembling.
“Do you hear me, is this on?” Erskine spoke into a microphone to amplify his voice for the people in the observation booth. Steve began counting his breaths. “Ladies and gentlemen, today we take not another step towards annihilation, but the first step on the path to peace.”
“Well, male sentinel monkeys can give birth.” She said, and Steve’s jaw dropped at the unexpected direction, his face flushing red and she startled him out of the numb bubble he’d been in.
Shit… Fury had said Steve’s previous guide had died while he’d been in a coma. Tony had never even had a surface bond with anyone before, but he’d read up on stuff when he’d been identified as a guide; having a true bond cut off like that hurt like hell, some people couldn’t survive the death of their bond mate.
The thought had him laying into the punching bag even harder, his fists flying as he tried to push the thoughts from his head. He had spoken to Fury yesterday, JARVIS had informed him the man was calling and so he’d accepted the contact. The man had at least been sympathetic to his circumstances, but he also had the demeanour of a busy leader who needed every soldier in the right place. Steve could only hide here for so long before his leave ran out and he had to get going.
“Find someone to mention it to anyway. If Fury is putting you back into active service then he would probably prefer you in darker colours.”
Steve was being judged on his height… he could tell from the way Schmidt’s gaze went up and down. He hated it. He walked up close to Schmidt and punched him in the face, same as he had so many bullies. “You got no idea.” He said, not quite growling.
“Give yourself some credit, please.” He insisted; he would rather develop the tech anytime over having to talk to snobs in suits about why they should buy it. He just didn’t have the patience for that. “Give yourself twelve percent of the credit.”
“Yes please.” Steve grinned and tugged over the side table as Erskine took out the thin, bright red dominoes and laid them out flat. He was awful at playing cards with the other men because they could always tell when he was lying, but he enjoyed playing dominoes in the quiet with a man who had looked at him and seen something more than anyone else ever did.
“If it saves him from heaving up then I don’t much care.” Bucky sighed as he covered himself up with his patched blanket. “Good night, Steve.”
Lying on his forms didn’t even strike Steve as a bad idea until the doctor in the room with him was called away by a nurse, and his eyes couldn’t help focussing on the warning sign about lying on the enlistment form. Forcing a shudder away, he began to tug his shoes back on.
“What?” Fury sounded genuinely surprised and the statement, but Tony could feel the panic in the sentinel’s mind starting to retreat. But the growls had settled to soft rumbles and he heard Fury sigh “You have got to be kidding me. Stark, Captain Rogers has just woken from a coma to find his guide is dead. They had a true bond. ” But Fury wasn’t foolish enough to step any closer.
“This is your transponder.” Peggy handed over a small, mechanical box, completely ignoring his attempt at a question. “Activate it when you’re ready and the signal will lead us straight to you.”
Another blast of the weapon was again blocked by the shield Bucky held, but the force of the blast threw him backwards. Steve threw his shield, knocking the guy out again and he ran to the gap.
Steve wriggled closer to slip under his arm and Bucky couldn’t help the sigh of relief as his friend pressed his face into his shoulder. They had crossed over into the German lines, and the bodies scattered weren’t their own, but the looks of terror on their faces were enough to turn Bucky’s stomach. Times like this made it hard to remember why he’d ever wanted to be a soldier.
He opened the knee plates and had the blades slide out as he planned to do as much damage as possible with this attack, then he flew straight down the leviathan’s gullet, allowing JARVIS to keep him on track as he released his missiles and twisted his arms enough to fire his repulsors.
The soldier himself wasn’t bad looking, a little on the short side maybe, but the tight, rain-soaked t-shirt that was stretched over his chest showed he was well muscled. However, the frustrated growl let Tony know the soldier was likely a half-feral sentinel; one who was moving cautiously towards him.
“Found makes it sound like I was looking.” Tony grumbled, though he continued petting Steve with confident, comforting hands. “It feels too cliché to say it’s a happy accident, but that particular phrase wouldn’t be wrong.”
“I’ll think about it.” Tony stated as he leaned forwards to take the bag of warm food from Happy. “Here this one is yours.”
As he tried to centre himself, he couldn’t help wondering what else he had missed. If people had been to the moon forty years ago, were there colonies up there now; or had they gone even further? Were people living on Mars too? Would he be able to step foot on another planet? The idea was actually kind of exciting, if only he could speak the same gobbledygook as Tony; what if that was how everyone spoke now? It was a little intimidating because he could tell Tony had been dumbing down his speech for Steve, and he had barely caught what he’d been talking about… which was a disappointing thought, because no one in their right mind would let someone who was so far behind out into space to visit another planet.
nearby. There’s a lot of noise coming from somewhere far away, a lot of voices and some cries, babies and adults alike, and the constant rustle of movement and footsteps all around.
, at the same time. Knowing he knows Tony way too well in some aspects, and also knowing he is a complete mystery in others. Trusting him, but being afraid to do so, wanting to trust
, the person who punches him is not even a villain or an enemy. It’s actually one of the Academy’s first students, the famous – or infamous –
after they lose impulse, and he watches, horrified, as people below scramble to not get hit by their own allies’ attacks as the sharp and blunt objects just plummet right back down onto the massive wave of people.
Tony feels the sharp edge of the knife entering his ribs, past the muscle and metal and into soft, vulnerable flesh, like it’s piercing a lung. He can’t breathe. It hurts, not just the admission of Bruce’s pain – but the
He’s still worrying about it, resisting the urge to rub his eyes until he can see sparks beneath his eyelids,
Long gone are the days where he would jolt in surprise when that happened; at this point, he knows it’s not the flip phone. Never mind they have different ringtones, at first, he always assumed – he always
Natasha makes a brief pause, as if she has actually more than one argument and is deciding which one she should present. After a beat, she goes for a question so simple it is obviously a trap:
know about them without Lang being here. Pym kept those things very well-hidden, and no one could get their hands on a sample, even if they tried. There’s no way of knowing what else he was hiding under his mattress.”
Thor would have probably looked for Tony in his bedroom first. He wonders if he did. He wonders, masochistically, if Pepper was there and they
“But you miss him too, Jarvis. I can tell.” Maria dares to touch his shoulder in a supportive gesture, being as gentle as possible while she tries to direct his attention back to the screen. Back to
, and work our asses off doing something that’s actually worth it, like helping the people who are out there.”
Tony knows Thor is a god. It’s not easy to forget, given his size, his posture, and his power, but it rarely comes up to the attention for anything other than a confirmation that yes – there are not alone in the universe, yes, there are actual, living alien-gods, yes, there are beings out there more powerful than they can imagine; But rarely ever, Thor’s… essence is brought up for the mere fact that he, for all intents and purposes, has seen
“Yeah, from what I hear about the guy, he always is. Was.” Tony shrugs, uncertain. “Maybe Lang will let us take a look at it when he gets back. Not exactly my area – something about the distance between atoms, maybe nuclear fission, I don’t know – but maybe you’ll have more luck with that.”
in Rhodey’s face, but they’re friends now. Friendly, at least. It’s hard, talking to Steve – it doesn’t take long for Tony to realize the guy
And Tony lets out a small sight and says, “Rhodey’s fine.”, and Pepper also breathes a softer sound, her shoulders easing just a little bit, a small dose of relief easing into her body. “He’s on his way. Bruce’s with him.”
again, even if they were to return to the US someday. There’s a lot riding on this. His trial will put the Accords back on the table for discussion, will light up the flame of conflict once again, and they have to be
The ringing in Tony’s ears is loud, shrill and hysterical, his heart beats fast and painful, like it’s pulling too tight, nearly imploding inside his ribcage.
Vision nods, and he lets her go with visible reluctance before turning around and heading to the jet slowly, leaving Clint to finish his goodbyes.
Steve had been so concerned for Tony’s heart. He couldn’t stop thinking about it. The sound of his shield crashing into the glass casing of Tony’s Reactor haunted his dreams more and more often as days went by, louder and louder as the world around Steve started to get quieter with each and every goodbye he had been forced to utter, becoming so empty and so sour he feels like he is being
She stands there, with her back turned on him, her arms crossed and stance wide, a pose perfect for a quick attack to the back if she decided to raise her elbow and spin on her heels. Steve makes note of that. Not that he actually believes Natasha will attack him before they start talking; But the fact that she is ready for it if the need arises is not something he can ignore.
Tony can’t help but reach for her hand, toying with her fingers and grazing the engagement ring. He looks up at her, and the way his heart stutters is just as powerful as it was years ago, and he wonders, when she looks back, if his eyes feel as unguarded and fond as he feels inside, if she can see the depth of his guilt, of his sorrow, if his body is even capable of translating in expression the nameless pit of sensation that storms within.
“You’re the one who makes the speeches.” His voice is sarcastic, nearly dismissive, and when Rogers’ jaw squeezes tight in that old quirk of his, the one Tony has come to associate with the imminence of an argument, he nearly regrets poking at this sore wound right at this moment, but in all truth, he’s too tired to care. “You’ll be better at it than any of us will.”
“But please try.” She begs, and holds him tighter. “Please try to find another way. I can’t lose you too. I can’t watch you do this again.”
Steve nods, and the conversation dies so awkwardly it’s nearly painful. It’s ridiculous, the situation they’re in – long gone are the days where they used to be at each other’s throats, actually, Steve is now his friend, one of his
As soon as he steps too close – which is not at all, for a normal person, but for people like Natasha and T’Challa, who are far more aware of their surroundings than the regular person, is more than enough -, they both stop talking and turn their head back at him, gazes sharp and unyielding, like predators zeroing on prey. Something dark passes through Natasha’s eyes, something distant, and although her face doesn’t change, Steve can see the armor she pulls around herself like a cocoon, blocking away every crevice and scar, leaving her completely invulnerable. She transforms into the Black Widow right before his eyes, as she’s never done before.
wasn’t. Machines need to have their wirings all attached and rightly placed to function, but Vision wasn’t
When he has no other order to complete, U usually finds something to occupy himself with, something to grab and examine, just as Dum-E always does.
Steve closes his eyes, wishing he could make it stop. Wishing he could make this right. But he can’t, he doesn’t know how.
There’s an exhibit on National Identity, which is the most ironic thing that could ever happen and Tony nearly cries of laughter, despite Steve’s threats of leaving him there even though Tony has already paid for their tickets; But in the end, Steve might not have liked sushi, but he is entranced by the details of the Japanese prints. It’s surprising how much fun it is, to visit a museum with Steve. He’s so
Steve suddenly finds himself curious about what the hell is going on here, between them. Wasn’t Romanov the one who wrote Stark’s report? Why would she say something like that, something that makes her sound like she hates him, when she…
want to be reckless, because I wanted us to be careful, while you all decided that following Rogers to whatever he wanted to go was a smart thing. Frankly admiring, how much loyalty you can have, considering how little you knew about what was really going on while you were playing house.”
“I turned off all my transponders and communication devices before I left the United States, as well as my tracking. We decided that it would be safer if no one, not even Mr. Stark, knew where I was headed.”
She wants to believe him. She wants to believe this is Anthony so badly, just so she can tell him she loves him, she misses him, and she thinks about him every day.
not. I talked to her. Over and over again. It’s not easy for her to accept it, you know? The media talked about her as if she was a monster, and that got into her head. But she has been getting better, I promise, but she has to come to terms with it on her own.”
The world spins around Tony, out of focus like a speeding car, and Tony’s body locks up completely, all his muscles contracting in pure instinct, so hard and unmoving it feels they’re made of marble. His heart beats so loud and so furiously he can’t hear anything else past it, exploding inside his chest, and it hurts, it hurts, all the way down to his arms, and Tony desperately wants to reach for his torso and check he isn’t injured, he isn’t bleeding to death again, but his hands are trembling and spasming with the adrenaline, and he can’t move them at all. He can’t feel them. They tingle and they burn, but they don’t
“You’ve never seen the Accords, Scott.” Steve harshly says as an argument, a little desperate— and then his breath gets caught on his throat, painfully, as the meaning of his own words catch up to him.
“Well, I’m listening now.” He ominously says. “So… Would you like to tell me what the hell is going on with the team?”
“What?” Sam parrots, frowning at Steve’s expression, and then he follows his line of sight to the television, his eyebrows shooting up in surprise when he reads the headline.
She blinks once and it’s like she’s suddenly awake, and strides towards him with a purpose, completely ignoring how stiff and tense he gets at every meter she gets closer, her objective the only thing in her mind even though Tony has no idea what that objective is yet. Even if her weapons aren’t drawn, Tony feels the almost overwhelming urge to protect himself, to step away or to cross his arms over his chest in a fighting stance, or to tap twice in his Reactor and suit himself up just in case—
“What?” Sam chokes, not because he didn’t listen, but because he cannot believe Steve has just asked that question.
He doesn’t know what Rogers told him. He has no idea what Wong is thinking right now. Tony can only fidget under his hard gaze, and hope this
very recently, and I am so, so grateful for it! Thank you very much to everyone who stayed around for this Part as well,
Tony can taste the desperation inside the Quinjet, the quick breathing and the skittish gazes, the clenching of hands and the jittery knees – there’s eleven people in this cabin, and the last time Tony fought with at least one of them was years ago, and they weren’t even fighting with each other, they were fighting
“The theory is… interesting.” Bruce admits, and he sounds as if he’s surprised by his own admission. “Time travel is a tricky thing and it seems like not even magic can solve that. There’s an entire section on the Time Stone, the story of the guy who found it and created the necklace Strange wore – the Eye of Agamotto, they call it.”
“You can find heat much easier in much less hostile places.” Tony shakes his head. “Gotta be something special. I’m saying radiation.”
. He has no proof. No one does. But the rumors of her involvement with the disappearance of Rogers’ shield and Wilson’s armor right before Leipzig, then Carter’s sudden drop off the radar for weeks, and everything – It’s not hard to
“And with the Stone, it went mad. As all things do. Ultron himself came from the Mind Stone, I’ve told you this.” Thor rebukes, annoyed, frustrated by Tony’s adamant arguing. “It was not your hand who made him vengeful. If you don’t believe me, remember that you and Banner have also made Vision, a being, that if you’ll recall, was able to lift my hammer. And
when his reflection looks back. He grew out his hair, his beard, he tore off the star from his uniform; He did
for that. There are other geneticists and other emergency responders and other engineers and other specialists – but no one else knows about aliens and otherworldly threats like they do. He will help, he’ll do whatever he can, he will – but no one else but
Tony couldn’t get it right with either of them. Either he’s suffocating and he needs to pull back, making himself useless if they’re in any real danger, or he steps back too soon and too far and hurts their feelings, pushes them too hard to prove themselves, drags them into danger unwillingly and unknowingly.
Because who else would have brought Barton here? Who else but his best friend, who refuses to accept that he
“I’m calling is to inform you that Agent Barton has made it safely inside the United States territory.” He informs, as professionally and efficiently as he can. “He hasn’t surrendered yet, but he will in a few hours, and it might be broadcasted on the news soon enough. If you’d like to monitor it, I’d recommend staying alert.”
they ran was out of his control. For someone who has once lost so much important information because he wasn’t
this crowd turn in his direction, to watch him walk towards them like he is some sort of spirit they have never expected to see made flesh – is a grim, surprising,
“I’ll see what I can do.” Tony replies, but Ross is already closing the door on him, and suddenly, Tony is blessedly, completely alone in the conference room, and only then he can sag and relax in his seat, taking in a breath so deep is lungs hurt.
Like he’s witnessing something he shouldn’t. Like he has stumbled upon a secret too big to ever be spoken about out loud.
It makes Steve’s skin itch, the phone in his pocket getting heavier and heavier each and every day, a nagging sensation at the back of his head which never lets him rest peacefully.
“Good luck with the Accords, Clint.” Steve offers him, as an assurance for Clint and as a reprimand to himself, to remind himself he should keep quiet and let Clint choose whatever he decides is best for himself and his family. This is his goodbye. Clint says his and hangs up, and Steve is left in a dark, empty room with only the sound of the breeze outside for company, the slowly rising rays of the sun, and the terrible,
so clearly before this. “And there’s no way to separate them. They mirror each other, and for reality itself to exist, they need to work together. You may see them as different things – like this is a… whatever this is, I don’t remember what these are called –, but they are both
“As much as possible.” Vision nods. “I have been assured Mr. Lang’s lawyer is trustworthy and the arguments for the reduction of his sentence are appealing. The Ant-Man suit is unfortunately unavailable for the foreseeable future, as it is property of Pym Technologies, but it’s now detained by the government, so even if Mr. Lang obtains a reduction of his sentence, it might be difficult for him to be able to act as the Ant-Man from now on. At least for some time.”
Let's string in some more canon content! - in case, you know, you thought I was joking when I said I'm making use of literally everything. We still have some unexplained issues to resolve! And for our emotional journey, this is Bruce, Part II. We're getting personal in this one, folks.
“He said that’s how he found you.” Steve comments, feeling a little lightheaded. “Through… energy, or something like that. Something inside your powers.”
“After the conflict caused by the Accords…” Vision says, quietly, in that particular cadence that he uses to convey gentle reassurance, but in Steve’s ears, it sounds far too much like
It’s not judgment. It’s not… a threat. Tony finds himself lost in the habit of looking for Rogers’ reaction at a pivotal moment, to search for his face and measure his expression, his
And it’s the vibration that tips him off, even before the sound, and Steve honest-to-God startles and nearly cracks the table with the force which he hits it with his elbow, dropping everything, the projector making a heavy sound as it hits the wood.
Bring him back from wherever he was hiding, and bring him back from the dark places in his mind, bring him back to
He feels wrong. He feels heavy, and hot, and too much. The urge to take the phone out of his pocket and call is almost overwhelming, but he won’t do it in front of everyone else, he can’t afford to show that kind of unrestraint in front of his team. They are all sneaking glances at him, unsure. Waiting for his reaction. Waiting for his plan.
“There is.” Steve concedes, leaning back on the couch, pretending to give in to a laziness he definitely doesn’t feel. “That’s why I’m thinking we should go back.”
She brings him inside, and shows him the computer. Jarvis, just like her, doesn’t believe or maybe doesn’t understand what she’s trying to say. But it’s ok. She knew this would happen. She knows the only way Jarvis will understand is by seeing it for himself, so she shows it to him.
But before he can attach the cable and literally connect himself to an unknown ship, something makes him stop – a question that flickers in his mind, the old, gravelly voice that’s always at the back of Tony’s head, always whispering things to him, and he freezes millimeters away of possibly making another irreparable mistake.
Tony knows what he misses about JARVIS. He misses everything. Companionship, most of all, but his intelligence, and the sheer
“We didn’t know if it was going to happen again.” She confesses, tense. “No one knows what happened. We didn’t know what caused this, and everyone was afraid it would
Tony is going to have to – he’s gonna have to throw it all away in favor of the mission, in a way that he never has before, because the next time the klaxon blares, he
like they’re progressing, but he’s not really sure they are. It’s hard to know, when he has no visible, tangible goal to reach, not as far as the information they can get on the Stones go. They have no idea how much information there actually is out there – if there’s any useful information at all. When it’ll be enough? How much information is enough to justify moving on to the next step – attack? Tony knows what he’d
Just as he doesn’t chase when Barton stops struggling, heaving in stuttering breaths through his parted lips, staring at Tony like a wild animal, before turning around and shaking the others off, to stalk into the Compound and disappear into the halls before anyone can stop him. Natasha chases him, but Tony doesn’t.
Tony had to spend a long time figuring out how to fight by himself since the team split. It wasn’t the same as working alone as Iron Man, not anymore, not like it was at the beginning. It couldn’t be. It was like the world had gotten bigger – and it had. His world had gotten bigger, because now he knew Earth was just the start, and there were other things out there, bigger things, that he needed to worry about. You can’t close that door after it’s been opened, no matter how hard you try. All the bullshit Tony had faced at first, he will admit, he brought it onto himself; Obie, Vanko, Killian. He caused them, one way or another. He won’t deny it. But even then, even with how hard it had been to deal with them, they had been only
“Tony won’t pick it up.” He says through gritted teeth, like the words are being dragged out of him, burning up in his throat like acid.
, a voice says in the back of his head. It’s not Tony’s, nor Natasha’s, nor anyone else’s. It’s his. And it’s curious and accusing, malicious and gentle, all at once, and Steve doesn’t understand.
He hadn’t noticed how much, before. Maybe because he was trying not to notice it. Maybe it was all finally catching up to him, slowly but surely, every time he allowed himself a moment of quiet and a wander of thought. Maybe this is him finally coming down from the adrenaline high and feeling the throb of his bruises and the stinging of his cuts every time he moves, finally taking in the full extent of his wounds after the fight.
Nebula looks over her shoulder— and at first, she merely stares at the car behind her, bewildered, clearly not understanding Tony’s explosive reaction; Until two seconds pass, and Tony sees the way her shoulders tense when she looks down and see the other side of the street from under the car’s chassis, and sees the
if she is not too familiar with the details of Jarvis’ investigation. He prefers working on this at night, when the world is quiet, and he can hide in the shadows, even though there is no real necessity.
, and his voice is raspy and smoky and grating, and it sounds distressed and pissed off and so, so sad. “Nebula. Where are they?”
“Using the elevator.” FRIDAY replies, cool and sweet, soft, and Tony knows she can detect the way his heart his racing, can see the flow of the neurotransmitters from the biomarkers implanted on him, probably being able to name Tony’s current emotions much better than Tony himself can. And even still – or, maybe,
“I never thought you’d do something like this.” She says, like it’s a confession, a string of words she’d never uttered aloud if she had any other choice. “Out of all of us, the only one I thought it would be incapable of doing something like that would be you.”
And Tony’s intense with his affections. Because he does have affection for Steve, alright, it’s not… They’re not
He doesn’t tell anybody. One, for security reasons: it’s crazy and it’s brilliant, not really an original idea but it’s the first time he has all the right tools and circumstances to make it work, and he’s the one who’s going to do it, and no one else. Two, for possessive reasons: It’s his tech, it’s his son, and no one else can mess around that. No one else has the right and to be honest, the ‘right’ thing is too much of a gray area even for him, and he doesn’t need other people snooping around and making everything more complicated. And three, for prideful reasons: If it all fails, no one will know.  No witnesses means no explanations and no explanations means no unnecessary work. Everything Howard loves the most.
, her frame almost unnoticeably trembling despite the stiff posture, as if she’s barely containing herself.
Bruce blinks confusedly for a second, not following Tony’s abrupt turn of the subject matter, until he realizes Tony is talking about the
couples don’t just recover from that kind of break like that. I looked it up, they haven’t been seen together for a really long time before this. And now they’re getting
“Jesus, Steve.” A voice calls from behind him, and he turns to find Natasha, looking at him with furrowed brows, almost as if she’s wincing.
He tried to sleep, but every single time he forced himself to relax his body would burst into uncontrollable shivers, as if his muscles were rebelling against him, injecting adrenaline in his system and denying him an escape from the cruelty of consciousness. He then got up, and decided to do some push-ups; and by some he means about 600 of them, without even breaking a sweat, but that is useless too because he can still hear himself think. He’s feeling trapped inside this room, no matter how spacious and beautiful it is. He looks around and instead of walls he sees bars, keeping him confined and isolated, forgotten by everything and everyone outside these walls.
“Let’s hope it’s later. We really need to get moving, and I’d kill for a hot shower and a week-long nap.”
“Do you even know how much a hundred dollars is worth?” Tony asks, before he can remember that absolutely is not the point. “Also, what are you implying here, Point Break?”
“Knowing T’Challa and his family, and they sort of stuff they create in their labs, I assume the princess must have a very neat record of all of these little things.” Tony wiggles his fingers, impatiently, and with a sigh, Barton, of all people, reaches into his pocket and fishes his comm to hand it over. “And surely a way to keep tabs of them, to know who has them. One of the ways to do that is to listen in to the conversations that happen on comms.”
“A… pot?” Tony asks, almost inaudibly, because forcing even the smallest words out of his mouth and into the air feel like disrupting this moment too harshly, a cruelty Tony doesn’t have in his heart to do.
They don’t have anywhere to go, actually, but they do take a few steps aimlessly, putting in some more distance between Wanda and themselves. It’s not really necessary, but Steve is feeling restless,
I'm sure you all can see why that is a stupid plan right away, but to add to the pile of issues I have with it, Kevin Feige has also added that Thanos not only eliminated 'intelligent' life but also animals and plants, and other sentient beings, all over the universe.
.” Natasha exhales, so low, so lifeless, that it makes Steve’s blood go cold inside his veins, and he turns around—
He wants to ask why it bothers Steve, that’s not a lie, but he won’t. And he also can’t figure out on his own, so even if it kills him, there’s only one option to choose – he has to drop it. Steve is here; Tony has to trust that the worst part is over, that Steve is done hiding, and they hopefully can go back to normalcy and Tony can return to ignoring his desire of doing something really ridiculous like holding Steve’s hand.
“You told them?” Tony asks Rogers, half in surprise, but with an edge of sharp judgment sneaking into his words without his permission.
“I’m sorry.” Wanda pleads, before Steve can say a single word. “I’m sorry for what I did to you, in Johannesburg. I will never do that again.”
He turns around, and walks out too, pushing past everyone’s hold so easily they can barely try to stall him or call his name before he’s out of the lounge.
letting them all in and learning about his insecurities. Clint probably thinks Steve is trying to pull something, acting like a disappointed father when their kid argues back and refuses to see reason.
Barton looks like hell. There is no fight in him that Tony can see. His eyes are blank. Tony has – The last Tony had seen him, it had been through heavy bars and bulletproof glass, with his arm on a sling and a bruise throbbing in his face, with guilt weighing on his shoulders, and Barton had been snarling at his face, mocking him, trapped like a criminal in a cell that was never meant for him. For any of them. Barton had looked at Tony like Tony had been the filthiest thing he had ever seen, a low bastard who had somehow betrayed him, like that was
“The Norns were the ones who informed me there were more Stones besides Mind. We have their knowledge to thank for Vision’s life. And that wasn’t all – They told me about Thanos’ Gauntlet, they warned me of the dangers of Extinction that would fall upon us. They warned me of the destruction of my
“Thor…” Tony says, face contorted into a mockery of a smile, brows furrowed and nose flared, an ugly, jagged smile pulling at the corners of his mouth, a reflex deep-settled of attempting to hide his pain under a false mask of humor failing miserably when the hurt is already simmering so close to the skin. “Thor, if what you’re saying—”
Maybe it is really hard on them. Steve might be the leader, but he is the leader not because of some formal arrangement, but because they all allowed him to be so. All of them, including Tony. Tony, who said he didn’t work well in a team, had given Steve the chance to call the shots and he had never went back on his word. But he had been the first to know, hadn’t he? About the Avengers. And he was the one helping fund their initiative, designing them gadgets, helping in building them a new home. Steve might be their leader, but Tony is their
They are. These people, on the floor, right there; Tony can look at them and see May Parker, hell, see himself there, he can
the base that day?” Steve exclaims, the facts not adding up inside his head. “What do you mean? Wanda got to Tony
but—but Steve doesn’t want him to feel bad. He knows Tony reacted on instinct. Hell, he did too. They were angry, they were being pressured by all sides, they had no time to think of a way out. It was all… It was a mess. They fought, they hurt each other, they separated; but they’re not broken. Steve doesn’t think they are. And he shouldn’t let Tony think they are.
“They were ready.” Steve concedes, but there’s absolutely no emotion in his voice as he says it. He feels so
“I think you are rejecting something because you don’t allow yourself to think about it.” T’Challa says cryptically.
Pepper looks at him with her eyes glossy, a little wet, as if some emotion is bubbling inside her low and constant, verging on overwhelming, threatening to spill over at any time, and she’s keeping it down by sheer will. Her hold on his hand turns soft and caring, but her fingers are cold and clammy. In the crease of her brows, Tony sees the worry and the pain she’s hiding behind the small smile that pulls at the corner of her lips, the familiar strength of masking her sorrow with efficiency and a comforting posture, with the instinct of making herself strong to endure whatever hardship is threatening to push her down.
“Okay, so the first thing is finding safehouses.” He reaffirms. “What sort of place would be a safe place in a time like this?”
Does that sound like an important information to you? Maybe not, but it should. I'll tell you why, and you'll see what this information says about Steve's character, his shortsighted logic and, finally, his decision in that bunker and how this - all of this - could have been avoided.
Tony is everything Steve associates with the future. He is loud and he is brash, obnoxious and incredible and fast and incomprehensible, and Steve fears it and adores it in equal measure.
“Then the Scepter gets lost and some HYDRA guy gets his hands on it – and hating Steve is almost a pre-requisite to get a membership –
flustered, and now they’re both flustered and fumbling over words, two idiots screaming at each other on the sidewalk. “You have to better than
“Mr. Stark allowed me to use an amplifier to search an area much wider than I was originally capable of. It is the same technology used to trace the signature of the Infinity Stones, so only Mr. Stark has the access and the capacity to reproduce it. That’s all. You are still safe.”
It’s shock. It’s exhaustion and surprise and fear, all jumbled together – but he doesn’t mean it. He has no intentions of starting a fight,
Tony struggles to process this information, when he realizes how much he’s actually lacking from the previous days. They really didn’t – they didn’t talk at all, did they? Tony has no idea what happened to them, and they have no idea what happened to him. Thor – Thor saw Thanos
. “And I’m not going to sit here and watch you kill yourselves just because you can’t work as a real team! I’m gonna go, and I’m gonna find him,
The first few times, though, he was there alone more often than not. Sometimes Sam would come along and they would play or dance, or maybe Steve would sit at the bar talking to Natasha or Jan, or meeting the new people that had arrived on campus when he wasn’t looking. But many times, he’d been there by himself, just playing pool.
, right into the teeth. “You yelled at us, so yeah, I yelled back. Don’t act like you weren’t accusing us of something, Tony, you know you were!”
was a nightmare, and wishes he could wake up from it and find the world still whole on the other side.
And Tony wants to ask, he wants to press her for answers, he doesn’t want to be left in the dark anymore, even if the dark is safer, even if he knows it’ll hurt.
before, when Tony simply assumes everything is his fault, and so does Steve, and Steve refuses to get help, and Tony refuses to not be allowed to help. It’s nothing new; They might be superheroes, but the position doesn’t come without some sort of trauma as pre-requisite. He knows that. And he knows, on some level, that Steve might just be going through some rough days that are completely personal and Tony should not interfere. If Steve wants to talk to him, he will.
to it now. Right? It should be. It should be because Tony is doing this again, he’s sitting there and having all hope of making the only meaningful romantic relationship he has ever had, with the only woman he has ever truly loved, being crushed to pieces
with it? No one thought for one second that I might not be right in this? Putting ourselves on the line again for the smallest chance of victory in the entire universe – Lang is leaving his
“The idiot, Quill.” The blue being reminds him, objectively, even when Tony doesn’t say a word. “He had a ship. It’s still around. We can use it to get out of here.”
, going mad with too many thoughts that don’t make sense, that don’t fit together, that he can’t reconcile because it feels wrong.
” Rhodey exclaims, toeing the line between furious and confused, but the sounds of the armor moving around the other side of the line is all Tony cares about.
“Yes.” Steve assures him. “T’Challa’s sister, Shuri, was the one taking care of him. They helped him fight off the triggers.”
Or he thinks she does. In part. Maybe fully. Tony isn’t sure. She teased him about it once, just once, but it was a joke.
“You know what?” Rhodey says, taking in a deep breath ans shuffling with some papers at his desk. “I think I’m gonna take a break here at the base. I’m coming up there for the next month. Buy me some cake.”
Her body turns back to him slowly, her eyes careful and apprehensive, and when she speaks, her voice is no more than a whisper:
“It’s less than half.” Tony whispers horrified, rising to his feet. He accidentally pushes Nebula when he does, but he doesn’t feel it at all.
Steve makes an aborted move backwards, considering just giving up in this conversation altogether, when Natasha’s voice interrupts him harshly.
“But then she left.” Nebula shrugs, but not nonchalantly. Defensive, a little hurt, maybe. Something awkward on her stiff shoulders, a fragility she’s not accustomed to. “She left, she found Quill, and the rest of those… she chose them instead of everything Thanos planned to give her, instead of
“Tell them all to check in. We’re doing a count of how many we have left.” Natasha replies. “Send in ID and location, and wait for further instruction.”
. The clothes he’s wearing are new, clearly some sort of Wakandan traditional attire, something that Steve doesn’t know the name of; and he looks comfortable, at ease, like he probably hasn’t been in the last 70 years.
you asked. You might as well have picked up the phone and talked to him about it.” Natasha reprimands.
struggle with communication or knowledge. It’s easy to forget, with how easy-going and friendly he could be, how open to learn their ways and customs he always presented, how
the part of him that screams that he’s making a mistake as far as he can if it means he’ll get the confirmation of what he’s suspected all this time. Rage rearranges his priorities, muddling them into unrecognizable nonsense, and suddenly, it feels far more important to
“So you want to do this?” Tony presses, his pulse picking up speed at the possibility. “Or is it – or does it stop here?”
She has reasons of her own. She has feelings of her own. There’s only so much Steve can ask of her, given how uncaringly he has treated her in occasions in the past.
While we're on the topic of "children", we might as well talk a little bit about miss Wanda Maximoff.
“No. Not that we know of?” Rocket shrugs, throwing Nebula a wondering look. “I mean, you can definitely create wormholes, but those aren’t like that. You
“Technically, this is my house and you have to follow my rules. That’s how it goes.” Tony interrupts, flippantly. “I’ll even take you to the store instead of buying online. If that will appease your nonagenarian sensibilities.”
getting involved in more serious trouble now that there’s only three of them, but Steve is not sure if the sudden change of rhythm is something they were
is not a concept Tony has never considered before, exactly. But it’s not a concept Tony has ever proposed himself to untangle. To unravel, to find absolute truths in. That was never his job. Never his desire. As a scientist it might be fascinating, but as a life philosophy is a waste to sit and think about it, more so after the one and only occasion he needed to be told
There’s a manic anxiety inside Tony’s chest now, the same rush of adrenaline he gets after throwing himself off a high place but before the suit can catch him; the uncertainty of free fall, and he needs to be caught before he reaches the ground.
“Something on the ground. Seems like a large explosion. I’m still picking up big heat signatures on the radar.” She says, as she clicks buttons and turns switches on and off in lightning speed, her brows creased painfully. “It’s too dangerous to go closer.”
Maybe she won’t. Not like she has anyone to tell to, anyway. And it’s not like it’s important. Because it’s not. Tony has never told anyone because it’s no big deal. It’s just something he had to do, to make sure the nanotech would work fine, attached to his entire body. It’s not – He’s not in
For the most part, this was a good idea. He hadn’t gone fully feral in more than two weeks; however, the problem was that he was losing what weight he had managed to put on in the training camp.
“I do love marching.” Jim quietly grumbled, and Steve didn’t need to see him to know he was smirking really.
“I’ll go get them.” Steve nodded to him, turning confidently down another corridor, hopefully knowing where the infirmary was.
“That’s a little bit tougher to explain.” It wasn’t a long one, but he had no time… There were still six bombs in position and then the seventh that Steve had crashed back on board.
He hastily spotted some wiring and grabbed it, praying fervently that the gloves he wore would keep his grip and wouldn’t be his downfall. He slid a little as he heard the rotors of the nearby engine start up and Tony’s voice called out “
The awkward silence was short, but Tony didn’t like it. “What’s your name?” Rogers looked up, curiosity rippling lightly along their brand new bond. “Hey, if we’ve got a true bond, we should know things… like names.”
“No. There was a uh – cellist, I think.” Who would be waiting for contact that would never come again, and she would never get the full story of why.
“I didn’t think so. Where is everyone?” The sun hadn’t quite set yet, so he couldn’t have been here more than an hour.
“That’s because you’re bad at keeping yourself busy. Even your Ma says so.” Steve tried to smile but failed. He wrapped his hands around the tops of his arms as he stared at his friend. “S-so you need to listen to me instead and stop thinking about the pain.”
“The Hydra camp is in Kreuzberg,” Peggy’s voice pulled him out of it, and Steve felt Sandra’s fur fade beneath his fingers, “tucked between these two mountain ranges. It’s a factory of some kind.”
“Depends what you like doing. You can’t go drinking in the town cos you don’t speak the language, but I have a wine cellar, as well as whiskey and rum. I sent someone ahead to stock up on food and sort out bedding and stuff.” Howard said as though it was nothing. “I’ve got cards and games, you can drink, smoke, eat… no women, I’m afraid but I should still have a record player around, though I think it was broken so I might need to fix it before you can use it.”
“Here.” He walked in to find the kid sat in a pair of undershorts… as in actual shorts; they nearly reached his knees; they were weirdly and adorably old-fashioned. “Those need to come off too or you’ll just get the sweatpants wet.”
“I try.” He ran his fingers through his messy hair. “Rhodey has a suit too for use with the air force. His sees more action than mine does.”
“I don’t know about that, but it is powered by the cube,” Fury explained, which meant they had the same power source. “And I would like to know how Loki used it to turn two of the sharpest men I know into his personal flying monkeys.”
“Excuse me?” Steve shifted uncomfortably, this wasn’t the usual ‘Your asthma means no’ that he always got.
“There are several softer spots, sir. However, these are only appear to be softer in comparison with the rest of its body. It will still take considerable firepower to bring it down.” JARVIS’s calm voice help settle his pounding nerves slightly as he quickly formed a plan.
Nodding, Steve jumped over the gap and swung himself up to the walkway. Sliding the panel out, he admitted to himself that he didn’t know what he was looking for.
As he sat with his head down breathing carefully, a nurse came in to take his blood. He hated to scare anyone at all, especially a young dame like that, but he snarled at her, lip curling as she jolted him back out of his daydream, where he’d been anywhere else.
“Considering the circumstances, I am not surprised.” The housekeeper relied. “And it is currently evening. You were only asleep for five hours and twelve minutes, Captain.”
“The inside of the removal mechanism is worse, sir. I’ll try to have the damage repaired while you are out, but it is extensive.”
Tony looked curiously at him, and Steve could feel the pang of sympathy that went through him. “Now I focus on tech. We build a lot of cell phones and tablets, ah which are communication devices; phones you keep in a pocket.” He pulled out a slim piece of what looked like glass with lines on it, which emitted a faint humming noise that Steve could only pick up with his sentinel hearing, barely distinguishable from the other electrical noises in the building. “It connects to the internet, which is like…” Tony hesitated for a moment. “I guess it’s like having access to loads of books and records, you can use a search engine to find information, and a lot of people use it to talk to each other and share photos and videos.”
“First time we’ve come away without rescuing animals.” Dum Dum spoke up, snorting as Steve jokingly punched his shoulder.
He lead them on a merry chase, through tunnels and around sharp bends again as he listened carefully to his comms, unable to fully suppress the concern about his team mates. He blasted through the streets towards Steve when he spotted him fighting, landing long enough to bounce his repulsors off Steve’s shield, the vibranium amplifying the energy to take the enemy down quickly, but he shot back up into the sky when he saw several Chitauri flying towards Barton’s position.
“Well, I did do all the heavy lifting. Literally, I lifted the heavy things.” He downed the rest of his coffee, grimacing slightly at the burn of hot liquid before following her. “Also, the security snafu? That was on you.”
“Hey.” Stark whispered to him, pressing their shoulders together again. “Let the doctors have their fun and if you aren’t out in a few months then I’ll come spring you.”
“Are you ready?” Erskine asked, and Steve nodded his head silently. “Good. Take off your shirt, your tie and your hat.”
“Natasha is on the roof of your building. Clint is up on that building.” But as he pointed, Thor landed on the building.
“So…” Gabe started when he stepped inside, the other two following. “Schmidt is apparently away for a few days, or so we heard a couple of guys saying.” He was grinning slightly.
“Sir, we will lose power before we penetrate the shell.” JARVIS reminded him as he tried slicing it with his laser.
“Hey Steve? You want to move back in with me? You know, assuming we all come out of this alive?” He blurted out as he increased his incline.
The cube seemed to emit a light like a flash light, pointing in one direction as Schmidt’s skin seemed to burn and he yelled. For a moment, it looked as though Schmidt was also changing into a light that was shining upwards, then Steve shut his eyes as the brightness burned.
“So, it flies?” Steve prompted, willing to move on; they had known each other for less than two weeks, so of course the engineer wouldn’t want to give out such critical information to him.
“I know I hypothesised that this could make someone a sentinel, but damn…” Stark’s voice was almost breathless but Steve only whined in response. “And on that note, a feral super soldier is not something we need to deal with so let's jus-”
“No. Not yet.” The man agreed, but he must have seen something in Steve’s face because he sighed again. “I will say this. You know Mr Hodge?”
The chain on the bag broke again, and the heavy leather flew into the wall and toppled over. Panting, Steve crouched down and gripped his hair, trying to calm himself; he was hiding here, in a place where everything was provided and he had a guide who occasionally wandered through and was genuinely a quirky delight to have short conversations with. He’d used the internet now and JARVIS had been helping him look into changes to the world since 1945 so he wasn’t totally ignorant of this new century… but he also hadn’t looked up the Commandos or Peggy; he hadn’t been able to turn around and take a look back at a more personal angle to the things he had missed. He had no idea if they were dead or alive, or even which he would prefer! To have the past cut off so completely, or to be able to see how they had aged and moved on without him. (At odd points, the thought would catch him that maybe Peggy had married and had kids, had had that life that he had wanted with her, but he always shoved that notion away firmly. There was no point dwelling on it as he could do nothing to change it now.)
Cooper was learning to relax around them, even if Stanley was hanging about. They let the photographer stick around and kept him safe as best they could but he didn’t make it easy with his need to be there whenever something happened, but he was also the one who made notes on what they did and took it to the people who made the comics… He supposed Stanley must have some understanding of how annoying he actually was because those comics? They always made the Howling Commandos out to be big heroes, with a close camaraderie that people loved to read about.
“Okay. I can do that.” Maybe. How hard could it be? He stepped closer to the soldier and rested a hand on his shoulder; his distractingly muscled shoulder… in his tight, still-damp shirt. “Ro… Steve? Hey, Steve?”
“Good morning, Captain Rogers.” A soft voice spoke, apparently from a speaker located in the top left corner of the room.
Steve laughed. “I don’t mind Cooper, but his guide, Jonathon Stanley is the one I struggle to be okay with.”
“Mr Stark? How are your levels?” Erskine asked, as he must have realised Steve had nothing else to say.
He got to his feet and staggered over to the ladder, his strength returned as he settled back down. “Yeah. You?”
“Huh…” Tony shifted back, his posture relaxing as he sipped his coffee. “My dad’s parents died in the late forties, long before I was born. I never met them.”
For a moment, Steve wondered what the right answer was. Say yes, like some kind of hero? Say no like a coward or sympathiser? But looking into Dr Erskine’s face, Steve decided to just go for honesty.
The men nodded again and crept off to the side. Steve led Bucky, Falsworth and Cooper along the next corridor. The whole thing had him on edge for one simple reason; he couldn’t smell Schmidt at all around here; whether it had been a long time since he had been here, or whether he sent other people to collect the special guests he gather, Steve wasn’t sure… But it meant he didn’t know what to expect at all; he didn’t know who was in charge here.
Steve thought of the extra hole in his belt. “No, I guess not.” He would probably be even further from his ideal soldier if he knew that Steve was part of a true bond who had let his sentinel leave without him; the need to see Bucky again had been a constant ache since the man had left New York, the pain of it sometimes making him chuck up his dinner when he let himself think about the gaping hole the older guy had left, how he was fairly sure his friend was alive, but couldn’t feel any of his emotions.
“I’ll be there.” He assured him, before nodding to Bruce and stepping over to Clint and Natasha. “You two back off to Fury?”
“We’re dead in the air up here. Our communications, location of the cube, Banner, Thor. I got nothing for you. Lost my one good eye. Think I had that coming.” Fury sighed as he moved around the edge of the table. “Yes, we were going to build an arsenal with the Tesseract. I never put all my chips on that number, though, because I was playing something even riskier. There was an idea, Stark knows this, called the Avengers Initiative. The idea was to bring together a group of remarkable people, see if they could become something more. See if they could work together when we needed them to, to fight the battles that we never could. Phil Coulson died still believing in that idea, in heroes.” Through the haze of his own detachment, Steve could feel the panic welling inside Tony as he stood up and walked out. “Well, it’s an old-fashioned idea.”
“Great.” Tony groaned as he stood up, the helmet hanging from one hand as he turned to look up at Steve.
Steve nodded and allowed himself to be pulled up as he pushed his worries off to the side; he still had a bond with Bucky, now the initial panic was ebbing away, he could still tell his sentinel was alive… and now Steve was a sentinel as well… He staggered to the side as his mind struggled with that notion, and Stark grabbed his arm to keep him upright. Steve now had a true bond with Bucky, but also one with Howard Stark, which was a little awkward as he had still only managed to get one word out to the other man.
“Maybe don’t search out for them on your own though.” Dr Foster suggested after another few moments. “I’m sure Mr Stark would find the time to search with you. It may be good to have that support there in case things become overwhelming.”
“The scientists can keep you.” Philips scowled at him, the bitter disappointment evident in his eyes.
” She murmured, sounding hopeful, and while Tony couldn’t hear Selvig’s end of the conversation as he wasn’t wearing an earpiece, he hoped the man had said something along the lines of ‘There is a way to close the portal’ because that was what they really needed right now.
“Yeah. Big man in a suit of armour. Take that off, what are you?” Nothing that compared to Howard, as far as he could see, nor Peggy, nor Bucky, or Dum Dum, Jim, Falsworth, Gabe or Jacques. Steve didn’t trust this man with his life and he wasn’t sure if he ever would.
But Tony was shaking his head already. “I don’t like being handed things.” He didn’t make many genuine promises, but those he did he tried to stick to; and years ago he had promised Happy that he wouldn’t let anyone he didn’t fully trust hand him stuff. Sure it made him come across as rude sometimes, but people had issues with him anyway so this wasn’t really a big deal.
Looking up, Steve could see his shield. There was nothing to fight here, but he wanted it. In slow, painful movements he dragged himself, trying not to think about the trail of blood he was leaving behind.
Guides often developed a more unique ability for their individual person as well. Steve had always been good at sensing the emotions of others, Falsworth had been good at detecting how many other people were in their area, Stanley, Cooper’s guide, had had a similar ability, but his range had been smaller and he’d been able to detect animals as well; the guy had once said they didn’t want to ask how many living things were in the area because the actual answer would make him vomit. He’d never really known many other guides, but Black Widow’s ability to hide herself from his mind wasn’t too hard to understand… even if it did make her feel weirdly like half a person; he’d never encountered anyone he couldn’t detect at all before and it made it a little tough to accept that she was really there.
“And it helps to know you’ll be safe over here.” He finished with a note that was difficult to argue.
“Are you quite finished, Mr Stark?” Peggy's sharp voice cut off Steve’s reply, but he turned to her anyway. “I’m sure the Captain has some unfinished business.”
“The Stark Tower? That big, ugly… building in New York” He hesitated as he felt Tony’s disapproval, but Steve wasn’t entirely sure if Tony had any other towers; SHIELD hadn’t really encouraged him to read the news. They had been providing him with information of current events on printed paper for him to catch up on everything.
Bucky’s laugh barked through the cool, evening air as they headed home. The joy that flooded their bond from Bucky’s end wasn’t enough to eliminate Steve’s dread of being left behind, but he smiled for his friend anyway, not really wanting to hold him back.
“Yes, and people objected to the idea that some monkeys could reach the spiritual realm when there are so many mundane people in this world who can’t.” She gave a sad smile, and Steve remembered that she was one of those mundane people. Now that Bucky was gone, he could tell her that he never had been; Bucky couldn’t be arrested for lying now that he was dead.
“The Tesseract belongs on Asgard, no human is a match for it.” Thor interrupted, but his words were background noise as Tony stepped towards the door.
“It tastes how diarrhoea smells.” Bucky complained, his body shuddering as he stared down his next spoonful.
“There wasn’t really time. I mean, who would I say anything to? Plus, it’s already made. I wouldn’t want to waste it.” Oh yes, he was a man from the Great Depression, where waste was on par with mortal sin.
“Which is why he can’t stay.” Tony plastered an intentionally fake smile on his own face, hoping the guy would stick to the idea that he had other places to be.
“I have a plan. It’s got a bunch of parts to it and everything. A complex plan.” He assured him before looping around a building to fire into the leviathan’s face, the volley of ammunition doing little real damage, but effectively capturing its attention. “Well we got its attention. What the hell was step two?” he added, unable to resist baiting the AI.
“You did everything you could.” She said, her soft voice as confident as ever. “Did you believe in your friend? Did you respect him? Then stop blaming yourself. Allow Barnes the dignity of his choice. He damn well must have thought you were worth it.”
Her confidence was stunning, and Steve gaped after her, open mouthed. He had to find some way to explain that the private had kissed him and not the other way around.
“Bucky!” he gasped, and he grabbed his arm. The skin contact blew their bond wide open, and Steve nearly crashed to his knees. “Bucky…”
“And you know that monkeys, chimpanzees, those kinds of… animals, that they are the only other creatures that appear to have sentinels.”
“I’m not gonna stop trying.” He pointed out, before sighing and stepping back. “You said you’d found some girls?”
The electrical discharge that was fired at him in response was absorbed by the suit and as JARVIS stated “Power at four hundred percent capacity.” Tony smirked. It was good to know that the modifications he’d made to his suit (after his encounters with Ivan Vanko and his electrified whips that had been powered by an arc reactor) had been successful. He hadn’t fought with anyone who threw lightning or electricity around in several years now so his tests had all been done in his workshop.
Thankful for his dark clothing, he jogged over to an open window and swung himself inside. The room was empty, apart from a desk with an old oil lamp burning on the corner and stacks of paper lying around. He only glanced at the files on his way past, but they weren’t written in English so he couldn’t get anything from them.
As the others went to talk to Philips and the other commanding officers, Steve glared at the wall, annoyed at himself for giving up so quickly, at his men for being so gentle with him, at everyone in the area, because maybe if they had gone back, they could have found him.
“Sure am. So, a sentinel? How did you two meet?” Rhodey asked as he headed over to the cabinet to pull out a glass.
“You don’t know that.” Steve replied because he knew that his friend was alive, could feel life in their bond still… but Steve really didn’t know for how much longer. He collected one of the girl’s helmets, big enough to be worn with their hair all done up so it wasn’t a bad fit for him.
When he arrived at Central Park, Steve smiled to see the others arriving too. Bruce was carrying a case that held the Tesseract as he scrambled out of Tony’s car.
“I know. But you weren’t training in England. You were training over here.” He explained, unhappy with the idea of his sentinel being so far away.
Steve shoved his hands into his pockets. “You go ahead. I’ll catch up with you.” He said, as casually as he could.
“You know, you can visit German bases without rescuing people?” Gabe said, his eyes bright and Steve laughed.
“Doctor Banner?” Steve tried addressing him respectfully as opposed to familiarly. “Put down the sceptre.”
At the end, a short man with a briefcase ran away, and Steve was about to give chase when he heard a moan from a room off to the side.
“I’m not in.” He retorted without hesitation, still a tiny bit bitter that SHIELD had left with his sentinel. “I’m actually out.”
“I understand.” Then Mr Jarvis was quiet for a few moments, long enough that Steve was wondering if that was the end of their conversation. Surely people still said goodbye at the end of a conversation like this? “Earlier today, you discussed Howard Stark.”
“Sir, the Mark VII is not ready for deployment.” The AI knew what he was thinking already, but this suit had really had it. He wasn’t confident in the idea of fighting in it, and watching Loki walk across his balcony? Well, he kind of wanted the firepower to take him down.
“Like what?” He asked, quietly annoyed at himself for not asking Tony if he knew what Steve was allowed to discuss with people.
“Hell, Steve? You okay?” Bucky’s hands were gentle as they turned him over, skimming lightly over his face and down to his chest, where Steve reached up to grab them.
Steve shook his head. “No.” He replied honestly. He was finding he quite liked this doctor, more so than the others he’d encountered recently.
“Seeing. Still working on believing.” He’d never been a fan of the horror genre, but he didn’t think anything could compare to this. “Where’s Banner? Has he shown up yet?”
Steve might have agreed if the plan was to take the base on his own, rather than provide a distraction. “He told me you were insane.” He had to fight to keep the manic grin off his own face. Something about staring danger in the face always got his heart beating.
“It’s good to meet you, Doctor Banner.” Tony greeted as Coulson gave Steve a sympathetic smile and Hill simply shrugged. “Your work on antielectron collisions is unparalleled and I’m a huge fan of the way you lose control and turn into an enormous green rage monster.” Fury stopped at the top of the stairs and frowned at Steve’s guide.
“I can do this all day.” Steve smirked, giving him the line he gave to all the bullies. Schmidt didn’t get it, but he didn’t need to. Steve knew what he was… a plain old bully who couldn’t resist the chance to brag.
“You couldn’t have the power of the gods!” He yelled. “Yet you wear a flag on your chest and think you fight a battle of nations!”
“Put on the suit.” Steve said again, because he refused to fight Tony without it. He stepped closer to his guide, the need to do something rippling through him.
Relief seeped through their bond as the sentinel understood what Steve wasn’t saying, almost painful in how strong it was; Bucky knew Steve could stop him shipping out and knew he was stubborn enough that he could talk himself into it.
He staggered back to his feet as Thor yelled, just in time to see Steve block a strike with his shield. The resulting shockwave knocked him off his feet again and he groaned; he was definitely going to be sore in the morning. His sentinel had landed beside him, but he wasn’t projecting any kind of pain along their bond, simply that solid determination that Tony was coming to recognise.
“If anyone is around to make us food, then I’ll be there.” He assured him, though he was currently more tired than hungry. “Can you get up to your tower?”
“That man is playing Galaga! He thought we wouldn’t notice, but we did.” Steve glanced over at one of the men sat at a computer screen, tapping away like everyone else. He didn’t bother to ask what Galaga was because he could feel Tony’s mind working over the problem as he rambled. Howard had always felt the need to talk while he worked, but he usually spoke about what he was doing to the actual thing he’d been working on. “How does Fury even see these?” He asked as he considered the glass screens; computer screens as opposed to television ones, Steve assumed, as they didn’t have any video feed like the ones inside the table had.
“We only got about a ten second window.” Steve reminded them. “You miss that window, we’re bugs on the windshield.”
“Oh, I just got back into New York. I got a little lost and he came over to join in the conversation I was having.” Steve stated vaguely with a shrug, unsure who he could talk to about his circumstances. “Then he decided I should stay here for a few days…”
“He’s only met you once, right?” Cooper didn’t seem to mind that they preferred Steve as their Captain over him, even he had stepped closer to the blond in a protective move that he didn’t seem to be aware of. “And that was, what? Four months ago.”
“Huh?” He pulled his eyes away from in front of the car to stare into Tony’s amused face. “Just… don’t you go inside to get food now? Or is it like getting something from a stand?”
“So… you build stuff? Like Howard did?” He inquired eventually as he padded over in his long pants to sit on a stool by the counter.
They stepped into an antique shop that Steve had been in several times, because they had reasonable stuff and the woman who ran it was always willing to haggle enough that he could get what he needed. As he watched her apparently exchange code phrases with Peggy, Steve repeated to himself what Erskine had told him; good becomes great and he was a good man rather than a perfect solider. It had to be enough…
Tony’s hand were warm as they settled in Steve’s hair and pulled him back to press against his guide. “Didn’t think so.”
“That I did know.” His friend stated, and Tony didn’t need to turn back to know she was fighting back a grin.
“Including why Fury is so interested in him?” He dropped into a dry bar stool, folding his arms on the counter and dropping his head down.
He just hoped they would understand when they were in their right minds. Firing back, he caught one in the shoulder, but another began firing again and he stepped back to dodge the bullets. The walkway fell away, and Steve felt the rush of wind as he fell through the air.
Before he had the chance to advance any further, Thor pushed him back with his hammer as though he didn’t weigh an extra 200 lbs with the suit on. Jumping back to his feet, he saw the man disappear of the back of the jet with his brother.
“Steve.” He whispered, edging closer to his friend to grasp at his hand. “Come on, pal, I need you to focus on me.” He wasn’t a guide, and couldn’t use the spiritual side of their bond to guide the blond back, but maybe he could get through to his senses. “I don’t know why we don’t have more guides in the Commandos, you know. Bad plan when you put this group together there, huh?”
It was a little worrying to see the surprise in Bruce’s expression as he looked down at the weapon in his grasp. However, a beeping cut through the room and they glanced back at one of the screens.
Inside the main living room, Pepper was focussed on the screens. She still wore a pair of shorts as a concession to the rising summer heat and Tony paused for a moment to admire the view. She really was gorgeous and he genuinely wished they could have made it work… but they argued too much and he valued her friendship more than he wanted to get laid.
But as they stepped out onto the factory floor, explosions ripped through the air. Realising they wouldn’t be able to walk across the main floor without getting burnt, Steve tapped Bucky on the arm and they made their walk up to the walkways that crossed higher up.
He was going to miss this when he had to go back to Fury and could only visit occasionally, like he had with Howard.
“Sniff away, Steve. I’m not gonna be fresh, but can’t be as bad as this.” His guide was in distress, which was keeping his own senses focussed, but at least these were all dead. Steve’s guide abilities had increased with the experiments that Erskine and Stark had done, but they’d never tested those limits because Steve had never told anyone he was a guide; but Bucky knew he had an awareness of everyone in the vicinity, and he could tell when someone died… which was not a great thing to learn while in the middle of a war.
“He forced our hand. We had to come up with something.” Fury tried to explain as Steve felt a sickening jolt in Tony.
When he was close enough, he could only lift one arm to reach for it, but once it was by his side, he relaxed.
“However,” Erskine continued, his voice warmer as he interrupted Steve’s musing, “you are here because I think you are who we need.”
“I will return.” He assured them softly, meeting each person’s gaze before turning to look at his brother, who was muzzled. “Alone.”
“I see he waited.” The younger man commented in a suspicious tone as he lifted a hand to tap his ear piece. “Black Widow? We’re ready to head up.”
“Yeah, this is a team.” Bruce muttered, and Steve glanced over as Tony rubbed his eyes. The anger that had fogged his mind was starting to clear, at last.
“Come on, you’re kind of missing the point of a double date.” Bucky shoved his shoulder as he found his guide staring despondently at a poster. “We’re taking the girls dancing.”
“Of the people in this room, which one is A) wearing a spangly outfit, and B) not of use?” Tony managed to dig into a root problem; Steve wasn’t sure what he should be doing; they only had one foe at the moment and he was sat in the helicarrier’s prison cell.
Tony pulled a face that the kid couldn’t see, still on the bar stool but leaning over the arm to tuck into Tony’s body. “The wall? That’s what you’re going with?” Had he not looked outside? “Okay, three things you can hear.”
There were bright lights sweeping across the ground, voices shouting in a language he assumed was German and soldiers scurrying about. A part of Steve wanted to back away, hide in the safety of the trees and head back home… but a larger part knew that he couldn’t leave Bucky here.
He knew what Bucky was talking about; ever since they’d seen Schmidt and escaped, Steve had been having nightmares, dreaming of his own skin peeling off to show that red skull… He shuddered and pressed close.
He laughed, but quickly got to work, first checking on the state of the next building to be converted to clean energy while he ate his dinner, because he wasn’t sure how long this thing with SHIELD was going to take and he wanted things to be as easy as possible for Pepper. Then he hacked into SHIELD’s database and began to pull up their more in depth files.
Tony was about 1000% sure he was not going to say hello to whoever Clint and Natasha were. His ability to schmooze socialites and the media unsurprisingly did not transfer over to kids his age. He decided his chances of being beat up would decrease if he just didn’t open his mouth. He really could not afford to get beaten up. He was positive that would result in a flashback which would be ridiculously hard to explain away by his usual bullshit.
“Rhodey and I met at MIT. I’ve already graduated college by the way. After I got to know him, Rhodey ended up becoming the consultant between Stark Industries and the Army. Something about preserving the new generation, but he never told the Army anything I didn’t want him to. We were together in Afghanistan to give a weapons demonstration when I was kidnapped.” Tony stopped for a minute. He wondered how much he should tell them.
Thank you so much to all the people who left comments, they really helped keep me going with this story! Life got completely crazy, but here is the last chapter. I hope you enjoy and leave a comment. Thanks!
When Tony gets a call from Rhodey about the progress of the investigation, Tony has to make a decision about whether or not to tell his friends. Their reaction may not be the one he was expecting.
Tony let out a strangled noise and pushed his hands through his hair, “no more than I was before. The fact that someone probably has a hit out on me isn’t new information.”
“Tony, where have you been? Are you okay?” Steve asked taking a hesitant step towards him. He was the only one who knew he’d gotten a call from Rhodey after all.
They sat in silence for a few minutes. Tony took that time to observe his companion. Steve was wearing a white shirt with the sleeves rolled up. His muscles were on full display. His jeans were close to threadbare, and there was a rip over his knee. He didn’t know why the little piece of skin showing was so appealing. Maybe it was just because it was Steve. Tony thought everything about him was endearing. Steve was biting his bottom lip and staring at the sky.
For the most part, his friends bantered back and forth while leaving him out of it. They could tell that he was invested in whatever he was working on. Tony pulled a thermos out of his backpack and chugged it. Bruce glanced down to see the whole bag was filled with them.
“Okay Agent. I’m Tony Scott. Do you think maybe you could help me find my way to me English class? I’m a senior by the way.” Tony pushed up his glasses as he waited for the boy to respond. He hoped he would say yes. He was kind of scared about navigating the hallway alone. Filled with people, someone could touch him, touch touch touch. Tony felt like vomiting and he hoped his green face was coming off as normal first day nerd jitters to the other boy. The last thing he wanted was to blow his cover with the first person he met. Normal high school kids didn’t have extreme cases of PTSD.
“Yes, Steve, oh my gosh, yes” Tony threw himself into the other boy’s arms causing him to stumble back into the wall. He heard Bucky snorting in the background, but he didn’t care. It was gorgeous.
“Rhodey mentioned my heart problems. I got that while I was being kidnapped. A bomb exploded near me, and my heart nearly got shredded by shrapnel. I was given heart surgery while awake with no anesthesia. It’s one of the worst things that’s ever happened to me. I don’t. I don’t think there’s any true way to describe the pain. After that, they wanted me to build them weapons. I told them to fuck off, and they didn’t like that very much. They waterboarded me. Over and over and over. I was there for three months before I was able to escape with some homemade explosives. Rhodey found me in the desert. I would have died if not for him.” Tony was shaking.
“Apparently the boys are having technical difficulties with getting Bucky’s hair to behave.” Natasha snorted again, and showed the boys a photo of a grumpy looking Bucky with multiple clips sticking out of his tangled hair.
“You’re an asshole” Rhodey shot back. He still didn’t put Tony down. Tony gripped Rhodey’s arms just a little bit tighter. He buried his face in Rhodey’s shoulder. He missed how easy their friendship had been before his kidnapping. Now, they were both walking on landmines. Spending two months searching for his missing best friend had left Rhodey scarred as well. The two of them were still working on how to find healthy and normal interactions again. They’d both lived through traumatic experiences, and naturally they had changed a little bit.
“Holy shit, Tony” Bucky breathed out. All of a sudden, Tony had arms wrapped around him. He buried his face in Bucky’s shoulder and let out a couple of the tears he’d been restraining. Bucky still liked him. The relief hit him like a punch to the jaw.
Natasha’s comment did exactly what it was supposed to do. Clint started screeching in protest, and Bucky immediately started defending Natasha and picking on Clint. Thor was laughing and seemed unable to form coherent sentences. Natasha slipped her arm around Bruce’s shoulders. At the touch, Bruce seemed to calm a little from his panicked state. Tony felt terrible for putting Bruce on the spot like that, but Tony definitely wouldn’t have been able to respond to Steve coherently. The only person that wasn’t reassured or distracted by Natasha’s remark was Steve who was staring at Tony with a furrow between his eyebrows.
“That was your first time on a motorcycle. Steve is kind of a crazy driver. I just wanted to know how it went.” Bucky defended himself. Dammit that worked. Fuck Bucky’s ability to make his innuendo filled questions sound rational. Tony wasn’t insane. He was doing it on purpose!
Thor was always around with a smile or well-placed comment. He had a habit of throwing his arm around Tony’s shoulders during lunch or when they were walking around the school. He seemed to have a radar for when Tony was upset. He always appeared when Tony was freaking out to either glare at whatever was upsetting Tony or wrap Tony up in a warm hug. Tony would never admit that being lifted up into a hug was actually kind of fun and comforting. He wasn’t short; Thor was just ridiculously tall.
“I should probably go soon. I have to feed my cat.” Not his best excuse, but Tony was still shaky from imagining the pool. He couldn’t really afford to be in public for much longer. He was pretty close to freaking out.
“I didn’t realize you had this free period.” Tony remarked. The sun was shining through Steve’s blonde hair. He was having a little bit of a hard time focusing. Steve looked nervous. Tony wondered why.
“I have a hard time talking to pretty dames.” Steve mumbled, but Tony heard and his face lit up with a bright red blush. Steve seemed entranced by Tony’s blush and ran his finger over his cheekbone, which only made him blush harder.
They didn’t see Tony all weekend presumably because he was spending time with his best friend before he deployed again. When they saw Tony at school, he was wearing a large dark hoodie.
“A secret girlfriend!” Clint shouted. Rhodey threw his head back with a groan. No way Tony was sleeping through that. Sure enough Tony rose up and dragged his hand over his face sleepily. The Avengers were frozen in shock. Steve’s face turned a steady bright red. “Why the fuck are you wearing makeup?” Clint asked.
“Yeah, I’m fine.” Tony let go of Steve reluctantly. The man got off the bike quickly and turned back to Tony. His eyebrows were pulled up, and his huge blue eyes were wide with concern. Tony didn’t say anything else, but he did grab Steve to help stabilize him while he was climbing off of the motorcycle.
“I told you we should have all gotten ready together” Bruce pointed out with a barely concealed laugh.
Natasha pointedly looked at his scars, “I have a feeling that you can qualify as one of the victims of that mass murderer.”
Tony stumbles his way into the math classroom after getting lost and having to ask for directions three times. Unsurprisingly the only table left was in the back and unoccupied. Tony sat his bag down and yawned. He needed a cup of coffee. He was calculating the number of coffee thermoses he could stuff in his backpack when he was interrupted by voices whispering beside him.
“No.” Tony responded with a pout before thrusting his hand out to grab one of the helmets that Steve was holding. He secured it to his head without a second thought. This was a great idea.
“Hey-” Tony yelled, but Bucky had already tossed the thermos to Bruce who didn’t hesitate before taking a sip.
“You’re my good luck charm, Tony.” Steve said with such an endearing smile that Tony couldn’t help but feel warm inside. He shot Steve a shy smile. He wished that he could grab Steve’s hand and hold it. Steve was probably a great hand holder.
“Tony has a… heart condition. He’s an idiot, but I would like him to remain alive.” Rhodey responded with a withering glare at said idiot.
The only other person there at the moment was a ripped guy with flowing blonde hair. He looked like a football player, and Tony was embarrassed to admit that he was more than a little bit scared.
And… now he knew what Bruce was trying to mime. Tony’s entire body grew stiff. He instantly pictured a pool in his mind. That was a lot of standing water. It would be so easy for someone to just… push him under. He sucked in a breath. He wasn’t even looking at water. This was ridiculous, but none the less he felt his airway start to tighten up. Pool parties required bathing suits and that meant all of Tony’s gross scars on display. He’d been able to avoid it up until now by wearing long sleeves and avoiding mirrors, but he’d at least have to wear short sleeves by a pool. He thought about the jagged scars that ran from his arms up to the completely destroyed skin on the center of his chest. They were recent too which meant they were an angry pink. No no no. He could not let this happen. All it would take was one wrong joke from Clint, and he’d be pushed into the pool. He could swim, but he wasn’t confident that he’d be able to in the middle of a panic attack. Even worse, if he did freak out at Thor’s house, then he’d have to have a conversation about why he couldn’t even think about large bodies of water without breaking into a cold sweat.
