“Tell me I’m wrong.” She’s suggestive, all lithe movements leaving behind a cloud of floral-sweet perfume as she backs away from him. “Unless, of course, this is about you not wanting to be just another notch on his whittled-down bedpost.”
“Steve,” Peter says, and it’s really quite comical how self-aware he looks then. “I can call you that, right? Mr. Stark told me I could.”
A loud buzzing jolts him back to the reality of sitting across from a man who will never be able to give Steve what he needs, and therein lies the why of all his questions for his past self.
“And you’re already teaching her money management,” Steve says seriously, knocking Tony’s bottle with his. “Very important stuff at that age.”
“We’re having a conversation about your language later,” he tells her, and she looks sheepish for half a second before Callie must say something that catches her attention.
There’s a stupid impulse to joke about it, to offer Steve a chicken’s exit and let him get off the ride before it really begins, but then Steve is nodding with a resounding, “Yes,” and Tony thinks that maybe Steve had been onto something, doing it all in this very specific order, starting with traveling to the house before moving onto their own series of confessions.
“Tony,” he says, stubborn but sounding so content that for a second, Tony forgets why he ever wanted to move. “Just shut the hell up and let us enjoy this.”
“You would know, mister journalism degree, wouldn’t you?” he cheeks, and Steve just rolls his eyes with what feels like the same kind of fond exasperation he’d seen painted on Pepper’s face.
Carol holds herself with both authority and grace, and Steve feels like she’s peeling him apart from the inside out as she sips steaming tea.
“Keep it,” she says, and when he twists around, she’s unwrapping what looks like a slice of lemon pound cake. She must see the confusion on his face and elaborates. “The last line. I mean, Clint’s right, as much as it pains me to admit it. The whole thing does make it sound a little like you’re in love with him, but who isn’t a little in love with Stark?”
“We can go somewhere else,” Tony promises. “You want Italian? I know you like pasta. What about a steakhouse?”
“Then you’re mine, too,” he declares quietly into the stillness of the kitchen that is theirs as much as it isn’t.
He looks at Tony pointedly, but Tony is too busy wrestling the mug away and swallowing without regard for quality.
He declines the cocktails but accepts the questionable meat and cheese sampler and a packet of Skittles that remind him of Lance. Before he deplanes, he counts out a generous number of bills and refuses to let her turn them down. She blushes and he knows it’s going to be a story she tells everyone she meets, how a post-apocalyptic Captain America had flown in the first row and given her a hefty tip.
Most days he walks around with a tight band encircling his lungs, the low but constant anxiety never fully leaving him. He helps grow SHIELD, does his best not to interfere, because that’s the price he has to pay for allowing himself this indulgence. He thinks of Bucky and HYDRA and a glacier in the Arctic and doesn’t say anything, no matter how much the band can feel like a noose.
Pepper Potts’ mouth goes thin before twisting into what looks like foreshadowing to a genuine smile.
She refuses to go until he explains, so they compromise, and he explains in the car. They both cry and she clutches his hand, furious and demanding to know why he thought he couldn’t do a thing about any of it.
“I’ll check with my editor, but I’m sure she’d be more than happy to publish something, especially with our online traffic growth as of late,” he says, recovering as fluidly as he’s capable of when confronted with a Tony who looks more jaded than he used to, who wears every minute of his capture and subsequent ordeal in the lines of his face and the curve of his posture. He’s still handsome, though, Steve thinks admirably, before amending - he’s even more handsome for it all, if possible.
The sun sets violet and indigo and buttercup yellow-orange as they drive back to the house, and Steve just about presses his face to the window to watch. He took plenty of pictures before they got in the car, after they found a parking lot with food trucks and Morgan gorged herself on chili cheese fries.
“Now, Rogers,” he says, too calm, too practiced and confident. “You’re a bright kid. You could have a real nice future here, if you wanted. This has turned into the piece of a lifetime, you know that.”
“This isn’t your fault,” she says firmly, but it’s been another month of trying, and nothing is happening, and Steve doesn’t understand. He doesn’t understand how Peggy can be so patient, so understanding, so resilient. “Howard says he knows of a doctor at Columbia that might have some answers.”
The air tastes of the crisp bite of fall, not dissimilar from that which he’d left behind. Petrichor and chocolate flood his nostrils, the latter faint but distinct enough to rustle up his memory. The sun shines bright and warm on the exposed skin of his face and arms, a sharp contrast to the damp press of the ground against his back. Birds chirp and bees buzz close by, and when he finally peels his eyes open, he’s only a little dazed by the vast expanse of cloudless blue sky above him.
He thinks of a different compound, familiar and foreign in its insignificant deviations. He thinks of a second funeral and camaraderie beyond that of his wildest dreams.
“You told me you were okay with it,” Steve reminds him, arms uncrossing for a brief second like he’s worried that Tony’s changed his mind.
Tony waits him out, and Steve kind of wants to laugh at the idea of Tony picking up on some of his tricks over the years and stealing them for himself. He’s certainly smart enough to figure them out. It’s just that Tony choosing to be silent is a bit of an anomaly, and Steve wants to dig into that and get to the bottom of why this is worth shutting up for.
“We did it, Cap,” Tony had said, faceplate melting away as an eerie silence and stillness descended upon them. “Thor killed him, and Danvers destroyed the gauntlet.”
Tony slowly lifts a hand to cover Steve’s, caressing the back of it, and Steve shivers despite the fact that he feels as warm as anything, so warm he feels alive with it.
“Hey,” Steve says, sandwiching the phone between his ear and shoulder as he holds out a hand for Christina’s final choice. “Do you want me to sneak you anything from Burger King?”
Even covered in streaks of dirt, his uniform ripped and bloodied, Steve Rogers still manages to pull off confusion with all the charm of a golden-haired schoolboy.
“I don’t necessarily have to eat as much as the serum demands,” he admits. “But it can get...uncomfortable.”
“Let me buy your coffee,” Steve blurts out, reaching forward to gently catch her elbow. “It’s the least I can do.”
“No,” Steve settles, and Tony knows that after this, he’s never going to bother asking the question again. “And for the millionth time, no, I’m not just copying you.”
It’s still comically, tooth-achingly sweet, and this isn’t at all how Tony ever envisioned it, but that’s okay. He’s just infinitely thankful that it’s happening at all.
Steve sleeps in a guest bedroom with white sheets, and the next morning over enormous bowls of sugary cereal, he asks Morgan how she feels about an art project. He can tell she's not entirely sold on his presence yet, but he’s willing to put in some legwork. She wouldn’t be Tony’s kid if it were easy, he thinks.
“Is there someone I can get for you?” Steve asks carefully. “Someone I can call? I don’t want to leave you alone.”
“You two loved each other very much,” Steve says carefully, not wanting to give anything away. “It was my understanding that you made each other very happy.”
Tony taps his foot a few times, then turns around to click a few things off. “Come on,” he says, jerking a thumb further down, past the suit scraps. “Want to show you something.”
“What the hell happened in your world?” he demands once Bucky has returned with a striking new vibranium arm, and finally -
“Literally, stop flirting,” Natasha says from where Tony had assumed she’d been sleeping in a seat not five feet away from them. Her eyelids don’t even twitch.
They remain partially in the water, locked in a comforting embrace, for a very long time. Their muscles don’t ache and there’s no need to rest, no sun to rise and alert them to a new day. Tony shifts slightly every now and then, and Steve shifts to accommodate him, but aside from that, they are still.
Tony goes quiet for a nanosecond before he’s huffing out a laugh that makes Steve irrationally displeased, considering how accidentally biting his words had come out.
- and rolls his eyes before tossing back three more almonds to keep from saying anything he’ll end up regretting. They’re dry enough to suck all the moisture from the membrane of his mouth, so he takes a too-large gulp of grapefruit-scented bubbly water before wondering if the line has gone dead.
“Or hair clips,” she says thoughtfully. “I have these really cool ones with blue bows on them. Mommy says that way, she doesn’t have to fight me to stay still. Can we do makeovers tomorrow?”
Tony had spent months getting over his breakup with Pepper, and Steve had spent months getting over Tony.
“No,” Sam says, the single syllable layered over a laugh, and Steve detours by the window to shut it completely before landing on the corner of the sectional opposite Sam.
“We’re thinking that not everyone ends up here,” Tony says. “There has to be a certain...suspension of disbelief to exist here. Nat didn’t say as much, but I get the feeling that there are people she’s tried to find.”
And then it’s like that scene in Harry Potter, where he loses all the bones in his arm and the appendage collapses like Jell-O, except this is Steve’s entire body, and it’s a miracle he doesn’t melt right off the chair and slide onto the floor in an amorphous, gelatinous, apple-pie flavored blob.
He figures it’s okay to ascribe to the Tony Stark philosophy, in which the day only really ends once you go to sleep. There’s no instinct for it, and Steve wants to sit on the wooden steps forever, uninterrupted.
When Tony finally poses a question, his voice is as crystal clear as the sky stretched wide open above them despite the fact that he’s still nestled into Steve’s chest.
“I did not tell you, in my universe,” Steve says, and his voice grows even rougher. “I was scared that you would hate me, and I was unwilling to be the one to hurt you. We weren’t close, not at all, but I desperately wanted to be. I placed my wants above what you deserved, and after a series of very unfortunate events, we fell out hard.”
“I’ll take care of it,” Tony tells him, talking a million miles an hour and there are a dozen voices in the background, none of them belonging to Steve Rogers. “Where do you want her body?”
Because he needs for nothing to have happened. He needs to believe that he hadn’t been so incredibly
“I didn’t want to risk it,” Steve murmurs, eyes falling shut as his head tips back. “If anything had happened…”
After New Years, there’s a house for Denise and Josie. There’s a house for Denise’s brother and sister, for the twins and Jackson and everyone who’s left. There are eighteen of them, including Steve, and he can’t believe it. He borrows the phone that Beth got for Christmas, the one that she can buy minutes for with the allowance Josie is planning on giving her, and listens to the ringing as his fingers rub over the piece of paper he’d written Sam’s number on.
“I know,” Steve says as soothingly as he can as he finishes picking the tiny pieces of asphalt out of her skin. The tweezers feel too small in his hands, but he manages to steadily maneuver them until all that’s left is a raw, red, bloody mess. “Thank you for helping her, Serena.”
Except Steve looms close as Tony navigates the lock, breathing on the nape of his neck, just far enough away that Tony wants to lean back against the line of his body and feel hot and heavy exhales against his bare skin. He fumbles the keyring,
“Only if you go get some sunscreen from Diana,” he tells the boy, ruffling his hair and taking the chalk.
He settles for happening upon him after everything has passed, once Jarvis is paying the caterers and Peggy has excused herself to the restroom. Steve enters the kitchen to ensure there is nothing else for him to do, and sees Tony slumped over the counter with a bottle of dark liquor clenched in one fist. For a brief moment Steve considers turning around and pretending he’d never come in, but Tony is too quick for that, catching the movement out of the corners of his eyes.
“I love you,” Tony insists, hands coming up to cover Steve’s. He doesn’t pull at them, just holds them, and exaggeratedly puckers his lips until Steve indulges him with a tender kiss.
“He gave me a bit of a heart attack at the time, so yeah, I think I remember the voice from the ceiling who ever-so-politely informed me that I wasn’t in Vegas anymore.”
“I’d be willing to take you up on that bet,” Tony says, steely. And then something clicks, and Tony narrows his eyes automatically. “What does he have to do with my parents’ death? Or did you just happen to walk in here today with two Earth-shattering but entirely unrelated revelations that you just so happened to be willing to share with the class?”
“Then you understand.” Tony tips his head in Steve’s direction. “I wasn’t a good enough man to stop myself back then, but at least I have the sense to regret it.”
Steve lets JARVIS guide him in the kitchen, and after Tony’s been away for business for too long, he comes home to warm kisses and warm chocolate chip cookies. They’re a little undercooked and nearly fall apart in his hands, but Steve just licks chocolate smudges from his fingertips until Natasha tells them to get a room.
“I leave because I know you never want me to stay!” Steve yells out, and he needs to get out of the car. “Jesus, Tony. It’s the only thing I can do! You’ve never let me fix anything, never accepted an apology. I’m not going to push you when you’ve got all the right into the world to hate me, but I’m not going to stick around to be crucified, either!”
“I miss everyone,” Steve says, and saying it feels like a weight off his shoulders. “I’m just not ready to go back yet. I’ve got a place that feels like mine, that I helped build into what it is now, and that’s important to me.”
This is a reminder that we know next to nothing about what's been going on in Tony's head, despite what judgments Steve passes and the conclusions he comes to.
“The shower here works just fine,” Steve says, jerking a thumb at the house, and it’s so typical of him that Tony’s look of disbelief is to be expected. “There’s still a bed, if you’re okay with that. Smells clean, like everything else in there.” He’s watching Tony closely, and suddenly shifts gears, shrugging and sliding on that veneer of imperturbability that he wears whenever he has to pretend that he’s not bothered by someone else sitting in his favorite spot on the couch. “Or we can find a hotel. It’s getting late, but there’s bound to be something. Might not be up to your standards, but it’s not like the house is either, so.”
“I think he wishes he could have loved you,” Steve says, purposely light. “I think he wishes he could have loved you like a son, but he was afraid he’d want you to be his Tony, so he couldn’t.”
“You don’t have to come back,” Bucky says, and Steve’s chest loosens and tightens at the same time. “But things are okay here. He’s okay with everything. In case you were worried about that.”
“I know my name,” he says, and he lifts Christina off the counter with one hand, setting her down on the ground easily. “You two go change out of your school clothes because Josie won’t be happy if you get ketchup all over those shirts, okay? Then come back down and we can go.”
donate a hefty sum to the CEO’s wife’s foundation of choice to ensure it wouldn’t ever become an issue again.”
Steve kisses Tony hard, hard and sudden enough to send the crown toppling sideways, and Tony rescues it faster than Steve’s reflexes can.
“Water’s fine,” Steve says, and Tony gives a short nod before taking his time with the coffee machine, some overpriced contraption that grinds the beans and noisily spits out Tony’s espresso. Steve doesn’t stare, ears straining involuntarily while his eyes fastidiously take stock of where Tony might sit and how to best position his phone to record the interview. There’s a chess set on the coffee table, which is more amusing than it should be, if only because he can’t see the Avengers sitting down and taking the time to play board games.
“Thank you,” he says, and it comes out rougher than he wants it to. “I don’t know how, but thank you.”
“I'm calling an Uber,” Tony says, trying to keep the labored panting out of his voice, thankful that Steve is steadfastly looking forward and can’t see him struggling. “I've been scammed. Hoodwinked. Bamboozled. As soon as I'm done killing you, I'm suing you, and I can't think of a jury in the world who would put me in jail for throwing you in the Potomac. Although that’s a little more your style, isn’t it?”
“It looks lovely,” she says, handing him a glass as he stands at the window, looking out over the setting sun to the mess of a garden he’s created.
The first time is awkward until Steve asks about Morgan. He learns that her current favorite color is aquamarine and she loves penguins. She’s going through a phase where she’s scribbling on everything, and Pepper is fighting a losing battle when it comes to keeping her artistic tendencies confined to appropriate surfaces. Last week she took scented markers to Pepper’s snow-white duvet, and Tony confides that he thinks she does it on purpose. According to him, she’s too smart for there to be any other reason, and Steve secretly agrees.
Tony refuses to rinse his mouth out in the sink, weakly mumbling something about standards and filters and viruses lurking on non-porous surfaces, so Steve convinces him to step outside into the nearby sitting room and wait while he fetches him a glass of water. He’s not convinced that Tony’s going to be there when he returns, but obligation pushes him forward.
“That for me?” Steve asks, treading water till he reaches Tony and nods at the cherry popsicle in his hand.
“They’re your friends,” she insists, much pushier than Denise ever is. “We’ll survive without you for an hour.”
The wooden chairs are just as sturdy as he remembers, wrapping his fingers around the back of one and pushing his weight down for a second. The seat doesn’t even creak under the force, and Tony casts a look around at the space to note the way the evening light bathes everything in a golden glow. It’s pretty, sure, dust motes floating in the air like diamond particles, but he’s going to get hungry soon, and a bad mood usually isn’t far behind that, so he doesn’t spend too long romanticizing the empty house.
Tony just nods, and for a moment Steve thinks it’s for him, but then maybe-Joe is clearing his throat and Steve knows that this is the end of their time together. He steps out of the way so the door can be quietly shut, and then Tony is gone before Steve can impress the sight of him in his partially-undone glory into his brain for forever.
“Not what I meant,” Tony says once he’s drained his water bottle and tossed it on a side table amongst at least a half dozen abandoned drinks. He plants his feet, looking side to side in an impression of someone gaining their bearings. “Is there a service entrance around here?”
“To the car,” Tony says, like it should be obvious. “I can’t go out the front like this, come on, you understand. It’ll pull up around back. Hey, did I miss the burgers? Someone said there’d be In-N-Out. Walk with me.”
The sun hasn’t even risen yet, Rogers’ hair sticks straight up because of the cowl, and it’s not a life Tony ever thought he’d be living.
“You boys planning on coming down to the meeting you called anytime soon?” she asks, and a glance at the clock on the wall reveals that time has indeed flown by without the two of them noticing.
“Of all the gin joints in the world,” she muses, and he laughs for lack of anything better to say as they move up in line. “How are you?”
It’s been seventy-three years, Steve thinks. Seventy-three years with a dam firmly in place, and then finally it all cracks into a million tiny pieces. It’s the exact thing he’d been terrified of since he’d first jumped over to that alternate timeline, and it finally happens.
No matter how hard he tries, he can’t shake Christine’s words about Tony’s taste for blondes, nor the vivid memory of unexpectedly silken lips devouring his own.
The last time he’d taken such obvious care with his words had been when telling Steve why he bought him the blue tuxedo, and as he had back then, Steve treads with as much delicacy as he can muster through his innate emotional clumsiness.
“People get lonely, Bonnie,” he says, keeping his voice gentle and wondering how the hell parents deal with their teenagers. “Sometimes having someone else there helps. People need other people, whether they realize it or not. I forget that a lot. But Tony’s an old friend, and him being here reminded me.”
“Don’t worry,” Steve says, crueler than intended, judging by the way Tony’s head jerks in his direction. He takes greater care with his next words. “I didn’t touch anything.”
“Right here,” Tony promises, and he’s doing his best to maintain the fast and even pace that seems to be working for them. It’s through sheer determination to get Steve where he needs to be that he’s managed to hold himself off, but it’s getting harder to keep his composure as Steve falls apart piece by beautiful piece. “I’m right here.”
The only difference in scenery is the abundance of flowers, tall and deep maroon. Somehow he knows that’s where the sweet scent is coming from, even before he sits up to snap a stem between his fingers and bring a bloom to his nose. He inhales long and slow, soaking it all in, before lowering his hand to the ground, flower held loosely.
“Don’t tell him I have it,” Tony says, eyes going round with fear. “He doesn’t like it when I steal things.”
“This sounds like a private conversation,” she says tightly. “Please don’t make me wish I’d bunked up front with whatever opera Bruce is in the middle of forcing Thor to listen to.”
“Tony, my hair is not a fan of the weather today,” she says, still on her phone. “Either close the door or get in.”
Steve nods along, definitely not thinking about what sharing a bed with Tony is like. He’s not the jealous type, and he definitely doesn’t think about how it might compare to what Pepper and Tony had over the years.
And Tony recalls with perfect clarity, wanting to ask Steve if he really thought that he’d be a good dad, if he believed in the very concept of soulmates, if he ever thought about letting Tony reel him in and kiss him till their mouths bled together -
It’s surreal, the way Tony’s bumping his nose against the soft hollow just under Steve’s ear. His willpower is withering away to nothingness as Tony twines their fingers together sweetly, a contrast to how hot Steve’s getting, all sweaty anticipation spreading out from his neck to his face and down the length of his torso till it reaches -
That seems to snap Steve back to his usual stiff-upper-lipped self, and he throws Tony a long, dirty, scathing look for good measure.
“Like a little lost puppy,” Clint coos, reaching up to ruffle Steve’s hair, and Steve lets him precisely once before ducking his head away. “Except, like, a human one who is an adult and knows how to suck dick.”
Steve can’t breathe, can only shake his head and feel like maybe, just maybe, this conversation is happening years too late.
The box looms, fancy and over-large in a way that makes it impossible to guess what’s inside, considering he doesn’t remember ordering anything larger than a replacement pack of razor blades recently. Not to mention, he rarely orders anything to the office, mostly because his desk is only one amongst a sea and the lobby is usually manned by at least several relatively competent security guards at all hours of the day. The color of the ribbon is vaguely familiar, a nice rich blue against the goldenrod of the box and obstructing the black of a logo, but that’s hardly a valid clue.
He thinks of all the secrets he carries, of how much she’s sacrificed for him. He’s wondered a billion times if he made the wrong choice, and as often as he tells himself that what they have together is enough, he’s always wondered if Peggy was happier in his original universe. If her husband and children had made her happier than Steve has.
His hand is covered in a fine layer of dust as he dumps the saved almonds into a small pile next to the LaCroix can, and he wipes it off on his thigh for lack of a better option. “Listen - Mr. Stark?”
“It’s certainly what I’m known for,” Tony says, distracted. Then he leans in, grins, all sharp-toothed and dangerous. Like a fucking shark, Steve recalls, thinking of how for every chip he’d lost back on the casino floor, Tony had won them back twofold at the very least. “So. Tell me.”
“Motherfucker,” Tony swears, determined to come up with ten ways to blackmail Steve Rogers to kingdom come before the day is over.
“So no clues,” Fury says, as he lingers over the threshold. “Nothing. So far my universe has lined up exactly with yours, and I get squat out of you?”
“Nothing,” Steve assures him, noticing how Tony’s stepped away from the installation, tools abandoned. “Thank you for telling me the truth.”
Bruce crash-lands in New York where Tony and Rogers and Peter are waiting, and no one gets on a spaceship they don’t belong on. Everyone travels to Wakanda and reunites with Thor, and Rogers knows to tell him to go for the head.
Steve doesn’t falter, not even for a millisecond. “Walking keeps you humble. Keep up,” he advises, like he hasn’t heard a single thing Tony has said.
“Let’s just say that I knew CNN only gives so many people their own segment in a lifetime.” Steve contemplates another slice of pizza. “Being employed was enough, at first. I had to find the silver lining later.”
There aren’t adequate words to communicate what he’s thinking, and more importantly, he doesn’t think he can speak them anyway. To show his hand like that, expose how he’d been ready to go to bat for a man who can’t even be assed to defend himself, to be so fucking
“Yeah, we’re going to need the good stuff if we don’t want to die tonight,” Natasha says, patting his arm once and then flagging down the bartender again.
“Fucking hell, Steve,” Tony says wetly, rubbing at his face and getting to his feet. “You go back - you won’t change a goddamn thing - you leave everything exactly the same as it was in our fucked up world - ”
“To what, give me shit?” Tony says in mock-outrage. “I can make your life very difficult, I’ll have you know.”
“Yeah,” Steve says, and he shifts infinitesimally, and Tony has to swallow a moan so as to not ruin the mood. “Yeah, I suppose. But then I thought - the other you didn’t love the other me. So for a while I was thinking that maybe in every universe, Steve Rogers is fated to fall in love with a Tony Stark that will never love him back.”
“Well,” he says, looking down at Steve calculatingly. “I guess this is the only time he’s ever been right about something.”
Steve weaves between furniture to the kitchen, some of his not-anger bleeding away into his past where it belongs. The sliver of extra brain space provided is immediately used up by the realization that Sam’s finished the last of the peppermint-mocha creamer, and Steve reaches for the carton of milk while accepting that it’s just going to be one of those days.
“I stopped for all the usual reasons,” Tony says, light, like despite what he’s said earlier, he’s really not all that worried about what Steve includes in his article. “You ever realize that suddenly that last flight of stairs feels a lot longer than it used to?”
He’s going to leave, Steve thinks, residual insecurities jump-starting. They’re going to part ways and Steve will be exactly where he started, again, spending years erasing this man from his soul until only the faintest of stains is left behind. It stirs acrid fury and regret in him, because he doesn’t want this, he wants to keep living a normal life where he isn’t fighting a force of nature that he’ll never truly win against. He’s only ever been powerless when it comes to Tony and he hates that he’s never been able to get them on equal footing, not truly, not for more than seconds at a time except even that’s been more of an illusion than anything, proven by how quickly Steve’s falling into old habits and falling for -
“I’m not,” Steve starts, the words all in his head but jumbled, and he has to shift them around like rectangular hipster fridge magnets until they form a cohesive sentence. “I don’t think this is a good idea.”
“Of course,” she says, opening the front door to show him outside into the dazzling California sunshine, and he knows that she will be doing no such thing for him.
“Uh.” Caught off guard, Steve points in the direction of the maintenance hall he’d seen the beginnings of a few minutes prior. “Somewhere that way, I think. Why?”
“Pretty sure legalese qualifies as foreplay for her,” Tony quips, moving forward so expertly that Steve doesn’t get very long at all to contemplate whether or not he’s said something wrong enough to warrant backtracking. “Me, on the other hand...”
They collapse together, Tony’s face tucked in Steve’s neck and they’re both sweaty with heaving chests pressed together. Steve feels like he might never catch his breath again, never wants to if this is what he gets to have, and it’s like all his bones have dissolved with the sheer intensity of it. His brain goes blissfully empty and it’s got to be the same for Tony, who just puffs short, uneven breaths against Steve’s thundering pulse point.
Steve’s been in love with the cocky billionaire, the reckless superhero, and the reluctant bachelor.
“No, it’s not,” Tony says, mouth pursing suspiciously. “There’s more. You’re hiding something else.”
“Are we starting a nudist colony?” Sam asks, not even bothering to sit before he’s got a mouthful of eggs and is pointing his fork in Steve’s direction. “Between you and Danvers - ”
the guy who tips everyone like cash is going out of style and who had looked at Steve like he was worth something, like he was worth Tony’s time instead of just another business appointment he regretted bothering to show up for in the first place.
She watches him carefully, and they both know that he’s never talked about the future, his past, not like this before. He’s never confirmed anything like this before.
“Oh, wow,” Tony says, stopping as he enters the kitchen. “So you’re really embracing the whole caveman look, then.”
“I don’t want to go to the hospital,” Tony says, and Steve never looks away from him, just watches as he uses his fork to push his eggs around his plate. “It smells funny.”
“Just making sure we’re on the same page,” Tony says, tilting his head back so he can squint at Steve in the dark. “Your favorite universe is the one where I died and you got so miserable that you had to go back in time and potentially screw with the entire multiverse just to find your happy ending?”
“There is a book of documents in my bedside drawer,” he says calmly, at peace with what is to come. “In case something happens. Everything that was worth anything was in Peggy’s name, and I had it transferred to yours upon her passing. Including the house. It’s yours to do what you wish with.”
He just inhales, hypersensitive even by his own standards, supremely tuned to everything around him. There’s the same rain-soaked chocolate-tinged scent tickling the inside of his nose, the same grass-covered and sun-warmed sensations blanketing him. Once he can determine what’s the same, it’s easy to determine what’s different.
“You don’t have to stay with us,” she tells him. “Just because you landed here, it doesn’t mean this is where you have to be. There are other people you can go see.” She pauses, and then adds, “Our feelings will be hurt, but we’ll get over it. It would be nice of you to come back eventually, though.”
“He’s all I’ve got!” Rogers erupts, and there’s a reason that this is the moment in time Steve had pinpointed, the slice of time where he had to intervene. “I’ve barely got Peggy, we both know you don't count, I’m all alone, and he’s all I’ve got! I could have had him all this time, but you’ve been too busy playing house! And HYDRA - you could have stopped them but they’re still there, and now I’ve got to - ”
She leans up, on her tiptoes, and brushes his cheek with her lips. It’s near meaningless, a courteous social gesture, but there’s something conflicting in her expression when her bare feet settle back on the polished floor.
“I suppose it is about time, isn’t it?” he says, like the idea has never occurred to him. “Us, men - we’ve got a bigger window. Not like Peg.”
“I can’t change the channel if you don’t ask me to,” Sam says, just a hair too close to antagonistic, and Steve knows he’s right. He sighs in response, leaving his phone on his thigh and raking fingers through his hair.
Steve doesn’t get to hear the rest of his justification because he’s too busy shoving Tony against the door, and then they’re kissing hard and picking up right where they left off in the kitchen. Despite the fact that they’ve really only been building to this for a couple of months, Steve can feel the years of repressed hunger and want rearing their violent heads, and he’s got his hands under Tony’s shirt before he can really think about it. Thankfully Tony doesn’t mind, moaning into Steve’s mouth as he clutches onto Steve’s biceps, fingers digging hard enough that they could leave marks behind.
Pierce turns truly ugly for a moment before his face smooths out into something a little more diplomatic, but the damage is done.
Steve parses through everything that is to come, knowing that there is so much he could choose to divulge. It might be best to do so while Tony is like this, while there’s a chance he might not press Steve, while he might not even remember it. There’s no guarantee though, and he can’t risk it.
Other hand halfway to tapping out a message to Natasha, Steve freezes, bitter fear coiling unpredictably in the pit of his stomach.
It’s not difficult, Steve thinks, concentrating on lifting the inky-black of night. He delivers the most spectacular sunrise above the lake, painstakingly coloring patches of clouds and ensuring the light shoots between the branches of the trees on the other side of the water. There are so many shades he’s never gotten the chance to experiment with that he takes his time with, and he eases them into an artificial daytime.
One of Natasha’s widow bites goes flying between them, landing on the floor amongst remnants of Steve’s uniform with a painful buzzing sound.
“That’s a very generous offer,” he begins haltingly, and Tony is shaking his head before he can finish.
“I’m hungry,” he says instead, because his stomach is mere minutes away from growling and embarrassing him. “I’ve been reduced to foraging from this barren garden like a caveman, so unless you’ve got other plans - ”
, their bodies an intoxicating back and forth and then Tony doesn’t think he can hold off for much longer.
Tony leads him around the front of the house. There’s a long pathway carved into the landscape that slopes down until it turns into wooden steps that spill out onto the messy shore of a lake. It’s big and glassy, reflecting the stars and the moon, and Tony bends down to roll up the legs of his pants.
“You mean, at least in a professional capacity,” Tony says, and Steve lifts the box to balance against his hip while Tony makes no motion to get up.
“I thought interrupting was my thing,” he struggles out eventually, and Tony’s mouth tips up into Steve’s favorite category of smile. There’re more lines on his face than ever, permanent and deeper set amongst the salt-flecked pepper of his visage. Tony isn’t some youthful playboy anymore, and Steve is no longer a mulishly starry-eyed idealist. He does his best to scrounge up a smile to reciprocate with. It feels somewhat hollow, weighed down with disappointment at the same time, but it must be enough as Tony’s grows soft.
He wants to tell her to give her boss a message, to tell him to Fuck Off with capital letters, only that might be a little rude even by his standards. The last thing he wants to do is say yes, no matter how big of an opportunity this is, so he takes a giant gulp of organic plant-based protein shake and wonders if his health insurance covers frostbite. Really, the jacket would’ve taken ten seconds to shove on, but he was racing to answer the call without the chance of being overheard by -
It exudes life, choices made over years and years, little bits and pieces added here and there. There’s paint peeling by the back sliding doors, gray trim giving way to a brown that’s truly horrendous and eighties inspired. The picket fence is snow-white and new, made of that durable recycled material that’s everywhere nowadays, and Tony wonders when it was installed because he’s fairly certain it had been wooden before.
Steve’s throat feels parched, and he finds himself wishing he’d taken at least half a sip of champagne. As it is, the soda he’s been nursing for most of the night is greatly diluted by sweating ice cubes, and he casts a look at it before determining that it’s not worth the watered-down taste.
Most mornings he wakes up relieved, exhaling when he sees Peggy’s prone figure next to his. Current events occur as scheduled, newspaper headlines exactly as they should be. He’d been warned of the consequences of changing things, yet it all goes as it’s supposed to.
(He remembers the last time he thought that. Naked and strewn out on someone else’s bed, someone he thought could’ve meant something to him, rolling over to snag his phone from where it had been knocked off the nightstand to somewhere on the floor and barely within arms reach. There’d been a magazine half under the bed frame, and he’d braced his weight, palm on the spine of it for half a second, until the glossy pages had slipped and tugged the rest of the front cover into the strip of illumination from the barely-cracked bathroom door.
“She tripped and fell,” Serena says, even though she’s already repeated the story several times. “Right on the street.”
“You should tell Steve to wear his beard like this,” she says, so tired that she’s getting delirious.
“You said you’d always thought you’d kiss me first,” Steve explains, and there’s tension in his shoulders that Tony fights against.
Steve switches to his contacts list. He scrolls, scrolls, scrolls far down until he reaches a name that he’d never confirmed was attached to the number that had called him once upon a time. The tiny black font blurs the longer he stares at it, and he stares for so long that he starts to zone out. The words coming through the soundbar on the entertainment center filter through in pieces, each of them peeling back bits of the carefully constructed demeanor he’d spent several heartbroken months perfecting.
“Yeah, I’m not so sure that’s a great idea,” Steve says, eyeing the circuitry. “I didn’t even understand when you explained the first time, so...”
Tony obliges when Steve demands he slick up his hand, and then grasps Tony with such painstaking care that he ends up panting hotly into Steve’s mouth.
. What the hell could drive a man to live that kind of life? He’s barely lived, he’s in that tiny old house, he’s - ”
There’s no one else around them, not at Caesar’s private pool, no one except for Tony’s bodyguard who manages to be both discreet and good at his job, as evidenced by the way he’d easily slotted himself between Tony and a mob of paparazzi in the casino earlier. No one else is in the vicinity and Steve knows it, because it feels like Tony is the only other person who matters, who
At four forty-five, he pulls his phone out of his desk drawer and thumbs around the touchscreen. Absently clicking in and out of apps, he avoids one in particular until he ends up locking the screen and shoving the phone back in the drawer. He emails his editor to let her know he’s staying late and will have his portion for the feature finalized by the time he heads home. The box stares at him from the corner of his eye and his phone is nearly burning a hole through the wooden drawer front, so Steve pushes back from his desk to stretch his legs for a bit.
And then he gives Tony the signal, and his nostrils fill with wet grass and lake water, and he is home.
Steve sells the bike for scraps once they’ve got enough together to buy an old SUV. Denise teaches the older kids how to parallel park and do three-point turns on the weekends in empty parking lots, and Josie shoves Steve out the door one Monday night.
“Try the prosciutto-wrapped melon before it’s gone,” Tony advises, but there’s a twitch in Rogers’ jaw that gives him away. “What, you’re not a vegetarian, are you?”
“Where’re we going, then?” Steve asks through a too-tight throat, and Tony just laughs, something ephemeral that’s easily lost to the cacophony of the Las Vegas strip before them. He swims to the far edge, long strokes that speak to lessons in his privileged youth, and Steve follows along with far less elegance, shaking his head at himself for doubting Tony’s talents.
The faceplate clicks down, and even though Steve’s sure the motion is highly controlled and mechanized, he wants to swear that it snaps with a petulant finality.
So he wraps his jacket tighter around him in the whipping winter wind to head up the drive to what is hopefully the main entrance, and spends the entire walk giving himself a pep talk on how to
“He made me tell him everything,” Steve says, and phantom sweat seeps out between the lines of his palms. “And maybe I shouldn’t have, but at that point, what the hell, right? Anything to stop Thanos the first time around.”
(Well, he does think real hard. He thinks about Tony, and what it means to be together again, and how of all the great adventures he could have embarked on after his death, this wasn’t on a list of things he could have ever seen coming.)
Steve had pushed his upper half upright, Tony assisting minimally as the silence started to disappear, awed whispering buzzing around them as everyone began to feel the impact of reality.
The line between Rogers’ eyebrows gives away his displeasure, even as he tries to squash down the frown aimed at his basket of shawarma.
Steve reaches his hand across his chest, finding Tony’s and winding their fingers together seamlessly. It’s jarring but not unpleasant, definitely not unwelcome, and Tony can feel his insides grow warm. Then Steve tips his head to the side, brushing a kiss to Tony’s knuckles and his own fingers, and suddenly the AC isn’t enough to keep Tony cool.
“A little something to remember me by,” Tony announces, like what he’s done is completely normal and hasn’t shattered Steve’s insides into a million pieces. “Try not to forget anything this time, yeah?”
“It’s alright if you do,” Tony says in that same way. “Just try and do me a favor if you can, yeah?”
There’s too much of Steve’s strength behind it to call the kiss tender, but Tony comes embarrassingly close. The yearning inside of him spirals up from the pit of his stomach, dormancy disappearing as Steve adjusts his grip, fingers feathering out and securely holding on now that Tony isn’t pulling away. Tony kisses back, primarily as an instinctual reaction to being kissed, but as the fevered surprise fades, it leaves behind a striking awareness that this is
“When we interrupted each other,” Steve says in an attempt to be helpful. “When I told you, I never would’ve let us fight each other. When you told me to go ahead.”
“You shouldn’t finish that sentence,” Steve interjects quietly, shielding himself from the creeping discomfort of having Tony declare outright exactly what he thinks of Steve’s career. He leans over, tugs the crust out of Tony’s grip (he tightens his fingers momentarily, surely more to give Steve grief than because he actually wants to keep it), and sets it amongst the other pieces discarded in the box between them. He’s got a thousand defenses at the ready - he’s more than his day job, not everyone can afford to live out their passion projects, there’s actual merit in what he does - but decides not to obfuscate, and be truthful instead.
“You had Pepper,” Steve says helplessly, and the sun is setting rapidly, the clouds turning from fluffy white to mottled shades of gray. “And Rhodes, and this time you had Morgan. I wasn’t going to insert myself where - ”
His first thought is to pray that Pepper knows kids can be easily swayed, and he just spent a week indulging her daughter’s every whim, but then Steve feels like he could burst with the feeling he’s experiencing, so he squeezes Morgan back.
“Fajitas for dinner,” Rhodes says, indicating the chopped onion and peppers on a cutting board. “Welcome back, Captain.”
“Hi,” Tony says, adorably bleary as he manipulates his hologram. He finishes something, then reaches a hand back to pat Steve’s hip - he whirls around on his stool, eyebrows shooting up as the realization hits. “I at least put on sweatpants.”
(He’d been in the middle of the line at the corner store when the staticky radio behind the counter had crackled with a familiar name, causing him to fumble a cold brew and a pack of gum till the man at the register had looked at him suspiciously, like Steve’d been on something, except he hadn’t been; he just hadn’t been able to handle hearing how Tony was taking his break-up harder than ever, sighted pouring champagne down the bare chests of several male performers in a club not more than a single subway line away from where Steve had stood.
“I do,” he confirms, mind spinning with the overwhelming relief at having the most pressing of his problems solved for him in less than ten seconds. The perks of being rich and famous, he thinks, fully aware of where he’s standing. “Thank you, really. I appreciate this. Ah, if you don’t mind, is Tony…?”
“It’s easier on missions,” Sam explains, unperturbed. “Just checking in. You need your own damn phone, man.”
“And what else did he tell you?” Tony asks, hoping that Steve won’t notice him prying. Of course, it’s fruitless and Steve notices.
“About that,” Steve says before Tony can defend himself, which is fair because there’s not much to defend. “I was thinking. The house has been empty for a couple of years now. He said the neighbor’s son agreed to do some basic upkeep, but I really should head down and evaluate the situation. How do you feel about coming with me?”
There’s a painful awareness of how tightly he’s got Tony’s fingers clenched in his, and with the cold only compounding the issue, Steve makes himself release his hold while focusing on Tony’s hovering face. Concern lurks just underneath the quirk of a well-practiced humored expression, eyes alert and ready to take notice of any sudden movements, and Steve moves especially slow.
“Tony,” Steve says, keeping the chastising irritation out of his tone to the best of his ability. “Tony, c’mon. I just wanna get you in your car, and then - ”
The same thing had happened the only other time they shared a bed. Tony had insisted on the luxury of the guest room at Clint’s farmhouse, and with Bruce too tetchy after everything that had gone down, no one else had been willing to bunk with him. Natasha had been in a world of her own and Steve had respected that enough to steer clear.
“Don’t start something you can’t finish,” Tony warns, but it comes out weaker than he’d like as he grips Steve’s hand, fingers interlacing.
“Yeah, with all the food that comes on the plate,” Tony says, impatient, extending a fork loaded with half a strawberry and enough whipped cream to drown a small child. “This is the
“I know what not seeing each other means,” Tony says with a smirk that makes Steve acutely uncomfortable. He should go, shouldn’t let Tony get any more digs in, and yet in most situations that would be better solved by flight, he finds himself bolted to the floor and succumbing to the urge to fight.
He almost wants the same treatment, but settles for brushing his hands together until they’re mostly clean.
Steve remembers what it had been like, to feel drawn to Tony. Even right away on the helicarrier he’d been inexplicably drawn to him, but had figured it for professional irritation and personal differences. It hadn’t taken him too horribly long to get past that, but it had taken him decades to really understand the magnetic draw for what it had been.
“Here is fine,” he says, because here they can share a bed, and at the very least he can lie a foot away from Steve all night, falling asleep to his rhythmic breathing and oscillating between shame and exhilaration at the vivid fantasies that will undoubtedly flood his thoughts. Yeah, here is definitely fine and preferable to a hotel where they’ll have no excuse to stay in the same room, much less the same bed, and he’ll be left alone with regret at not having done anything about how he feels, yet again.
They kiss, slow and steady and aimlessly, and when Tony pulls away, Steve kind of wishes that he wasn’t the only one who didn’t need to take a breath to survive.
Except as Tony wakes up fully, he begins to chatter. Even at such a young age he has so much to say, and Steve does his best to hide how he marvels at him. Tony talks about his tutors and his favorite toys, and Steve listens intently and nods and asks questions in all the right places. He almost doesn’t notice when Peggy gets off the phone, and when she touches the back of his hand, he nearly jumps.
“Thank you,” Tony says, an expertly fashioned smile settled on his countenance as he extends his right hand in Steve’s direction. “It’s been a privilege.”
I needed you, even when I acted like I didn’t. I didn’t want to need you, I wanted to kick your perfect ass, but of course I
But Steve is already striding out of his office, blood boiling in his ears as he makes for his cubicle.
Rogers pours out a healthy pool of ketchup and drags a bite of sausage through it, chewing while looking off into the distance.
“He’s head of security now,” Tony continues. “I mean, he’s still recovering from everything. Got a long road ahead of him. But he doesn’t drive me around anymore.”
“Hm,” Tony hums, watching close as Steve sucks in good old-fashioned nicotine, savoring the way it sharpens his nerve endings. “Funny.”
“It’s not that,” Steve says, a sense of familiarity fighting to curl up in the base of his belly like a dog curling up for a nap. After trying to kiss Tony (Christ, what the hell had he been
A few days later, there’s a donation. It’s obscenely large, credited to a Howard Potts, and Steve itches with questions. He wants to know why, and how, but there isn’t a number to dial and he just curls up with Serena in his lap and holds on a little too tight as she lets herself be rocked back to sleep.
It’s a crash course then, bruising kisses across every stitch of exposed skin and hurried touches exploring as thoroughly as they can in their desperation. Steve feels stripped down to his core, Tony’s mouth hot and leaving delicious burns down his abdomen until he can flip them and return the favor. Tony grunts when Steve pins him down, heavy hands on bucking hips while he sucks kisses into solid thighs. There’s a hand in his hair and Steve is ready to oblige, but then he’s being pulled up,
Even now, though, he can’t see why that Steve had wanted to. If he’d truly loved his Tony, it wasn’t as though going back would fix anything. His Tony had -
you, really?” he asks, words tinged with a desperation that Steve understands all too well. “You’re not just some old guy. Are you?”
“Hi,” he says blankly, still a little too disoriented to automatically mind his manners. He reaches for them as quickly as he can, leaning forward and extending an open hand in her direction. “Ms. Potts. I’ve heard so much about you.”
“‘Tony Stark is the greatest person I’ve ever met,’” Natasha reads aloud, and Steve feels his ears go scarlet. “‘Which is what I told him I’d say in this article if he followed me on Twitter, and he did.’”
Sour shame lines Steve’s stomach, and he wonders if maybe he’d’ve been better off pushing Tony away the moment he’d initiated the kiss.
The words get caught in Steve’s throat, but the look in Tony’s eye makes him think that’s okay. He’ll get another chance.
“Pretty sure my date left me a long time ago,” Tony says, unbothered as he takes the cap but doesn’t screw it on. His fingers dance against the bottle, condensation wetting his fingertips.
Less than an hour later, after stopping by his apartment exactly long enough to drop off the box and not a second more, Steve slides onto a weathered and ripped leather barstool, the stuffing worn thin underneath him. Natasha passes him a shot glass, and he tips back the amber-colored liquid within without preamble. It goes down about as smoothly as a cactus, but he manages not to choke and calls it a win. He can feel Natasha boring holes into the side of his head with that very particular brand of judgment-free invitational curiosity she wears so well, and he tosses the glass along the waxy bartop from one hand to another before steeling himself.
Fury calls to express his condolences, and Steve still refuses to tell him anything, much to the man’s strongly verbalized chagrin. He’d never known the director knew so many swear words.
Steve accepts the flute readily. He doesn’t take a sip, even as Tony does; it’s in his best interest to stay stone-cold sober tonight, considering what had happened - or didn’t happen - the last time he got drunk in his presence. The risk of appearing rude is worth it, in this case.
“Can we get a picture?” one of them asks, her round hazel eyes earnest, and Steve forces himself to relax. “We just - we never thought we’d run into Captain America here.”
Steve thinks of Tony, who has let him know that he’s breaking at least half a dozen traffic laws in order to make it upstate as soon as possible, and leaves his duffel on a table in the hall outside the common area.
“Of course he’ll remember you. We’re both blondes,” Christine says, tanned shoulder lifting prettily as she raises a hand to pat her hair, as if to ensure that the heavily hairsprayed updo hasn’t budged since the last time she checked. “With big racks. Kind of his thing, if you haven’t noticed.”
He leaves it at that, letting the damp paper towel float down into the trash on his way out the door.
“He’ll get us there safe,” Sam says, jerking his chin to where Bucky is already fiddling with the controls. “We want to sleep in our own beds tonight. Everyone misses you, you know.”
“Intent is important,” Steve’d insisted, because he could be bullheaded too, except then Tony had proceeded to deliberately change the subject to ask Steve why he’d started interviewing celebrities in the first place.
and Tony looks wild and lost and found all at the same time, and it’s so much that Steve doesn’t understand how they aren’t both plastered all over the walls already.
The two of them look like they want to argue, but Steve just spins the box around to look at what’s left.
Steve laughs him off the phone because Coulson had been good, but nobody could ever beat Tony Stark at his own game.
Now that they’re both officially retired, life is quiet and good. Steve watches Peggy closely, knowing that he still has years before she begins to forget, but not wanting to miss a single thing.
“What were you going to say earlier?” Steve asks, and in the low lighting Tony can see him wet his lips with the tip of his tongue.
Steve squints at him and wipes the illusion of sweat off his brow. “You’re not pushing the shopping cart.”
“Tony,” he says, needing him to understand this if they’re ever going to be able to be in the same room together without ripping each other to shreds. “I’ve only ever let you lay down the rules for us. Because me? I’m okay with it, whatever it is. Whether you want a little or a lot from me, I’ve left it up to you. The Accords were the only time - the
Steve glances around at the boys. Elliot is pushing his glasses up his nose, but otherwise they all seem unbothered.
“Why didn’t you stop any of it?” he asks, and Steve sighs. “Steve said he asked you - sorry am I supposed to call both of you Steve? Because that’s a little weird, no offense.”
There’s a distant thump on the end of the line, a tiny yelp, and then the distinct fumble of a phone before he can hear her breathing clear as day through the connection.
Steve’s got no idea what he means to say, but he’s saved the humiliation of finding out when Tony snaps his chin up and jerks it in the direction of the open door.
“We’ll be up soon,” Tony says, and he’s back to playing with his toys, looking too busy to be bothered by anything. “You should go shower - I can smell you from here. What happened, you end up in the sewers?”
“Yeah,” Steve says, and he’s vibrating with tension, like this entire meeting has been a tightrope act for him, a balance between doing what is right and what is easy.
(FRIDAY had been right, though, and Steve had been fine. He’d just gone down for a split second after distracting Thanos long enough for Thor to get close, and by the time he’d opened his eyes and tried to struggle to his feet, the nanites had reformed and Tony was holding him down with as much force as required.
“ - you’ve revealed approximately five details about your personal life, two of which I half-gleaned from your personnel file when I sat in on your yearly employment review.”
There’s a lot more sighing than Tony thinks is necessary, but Steve graciously steps out of the way and snaps a single blurry picture (okay, so he’s not always great with technology) that Tony promptly sends off. Hopefully the vibrations of the incoming text won’t wake Pepper.
“Like hell you are,” Tony says, and he goes for the glass before Carol’s threatening him with a photon blast, keeping him from the margarita. “Excuse me, might I remind you that this is
It’s getting harder, though, and Steve pulls up a knee towards his stomach as he fumbles for a response. Cool February night air cuts across the tops of his shoulder blades, sprouting goosebumps in its wake and giving him a spare moment of clarity.
Peggy touches the back of his hand. When he looks at her, worry has etched itself into every growing line on her face.
Tony swallows past the tangle of heat and want in his throat, knowing that in the grand scheme of things, there are more important things to be said than how much he wants Steve to kiss him again, preferably on the mouth.
“He was a little busy trying to keep Natasha from getting pummeled to death, don’t know if you saw.”
Rogers takes in a deep breath, looking away. The bartender returns with Tony’s scotch on the rocks and what looks like a ginger ale, of all things. It figures the man immune to alcohol and hangovers doesn’t even bother.
Steve doesn’t know what his eyes have to do with it, and he was never a boy scout, but he keeps his lips sealed.
“The magazine dresses me every year,” Steve says, and maybe he’s being stubborn, but the thought of looking at the black-edged blue again is enough to make him nauseous. “I don’t need to own a tux I’ll never wear again.”
“Don’t you know her?” Sam’s questions cuts through the tangent about whether or not Sokovia had been a cover-up for much more nefarious motives, and Steve looks up, grasping the lifeline gratefully.
“My apologies.” She at least has the decency to look somewhat contrite this time. “Is this where you kick me out and force me to once again go through life wondering why I, an expert at uncovering dirt on people and getting sources to talk, can barely find out anything about you?”
“So that’s why we’re here,” Tony says, suddenly very cold, and not in a pleasant way. “This is why you asked me to come with you.”
“I grew up, Tony,” Steve says, unexpected bitterness smacking him dead-on. He clears his throat and averts his gaze from Tony’s dramatic wide-eyed offense. “That was four years ago. I’ve got a job I’d like to keep. I’m not some green reporter who doesn’t know better, not anymore. I’m not going to any afterparties.”
Once he’s dry, Tony dresses carefully, a balance of comfort and professionalism. He’s still half of a leadership team, still looked to as an example, and he thinks the clean jeans and sweater are more than good enough considering the circumstances. As much as he wants to head downstairs and efficiently make the rounds so he can hit the hay sooner rather than later, he’s got another stop to make first.
“How would you know?” Steve attempts to challenge, but it’s empty, falling flat, and judging by the little smirk on Tony’s face, he knows that.
“I’m not here to make you out to be anything.” Steve wants to bristle, not appreciating the insinuation, because Tony should know which side of the line he’d choose if forced to. That’s why he’s here, isn’t it? “I’m here to interview you within a set of specific parameters. TIME wants an article about the series of events that occurred this past spring and the relevant factors at play. Public perception is a pretty large part of what you do, and I’m asking you to comment on that.”
He doesn’t think he’s aging much, if at all. He needs the least amount of sleep in the house, so he stays on the pull-out couch downstairs. The house isn’t huge but it has five bedrooms and works exactly the way they need it to and he wonders how Tony knew. It takes a while to settle in but it feels like a home the entire time, and Steve smiles as he helps Elliot with precalculus and holds Serena while she watches cartoons.
Tony’s hand is warm and dry as it curls into Steve’s, and Steve gets approximately a microsecond to register that before Tony is stepping in, invading any kind of standard personal bubble in order to clasp his left arm around Steve’s shoulders. Except it’s more of a wrap than a clasp, given how close they suddenly are - Steve can see the product-ridden strands of Tony’s hair, a shade or two lighter than the stark almost-black it had been last time, and he can smell it too, something clean and salon-like that’s gotta cost a million bucks an ounce - and Tony has to lean up to reach, a hint of muscle lurking underneath his suit jacket sleeves if Steve remembers correctly. At least, Steve assumes those corded biceps are still there, judging by the strength with which Tony pulls him down an inch or two, leaving no room for argument.
She doesn’t sound nearly as surprised as he’d like. If anything, she sounds bored, but maybe that’s just the exhaustion. It better be just the exhaustion, because his current predicament is anything but boring.
“I’m not really his friend.” It’s a weak protest and he knows it, mildly embarrassed at the flattery, but Pepper merely levels him with an unimpressed look as she steps near the curb where a sleek black car is currently pulling up.
Tony leans back in the oversized chair, elbows propped on the armrests and fingers steepled precisely. He regards the room carefully, knowing that he’s posturing but unable to resist the temptation to regain control of the situation.
“The Avengers stick together,” Steve says, because not doing so had been their undoing. “You find something you will live for. Not something you will die for - no,
Tony levels him with a reluctantly impressed glare. “You hold your liquor appallingly well,” he says distrustfully. “If I’d known that it would take as long as it did to knock your sweet ass on the floor - ”
“You gonna finally tell me how you’re doing?” Steve asks, thinking of how Tony’s evasive maneuvers have changed over the years.
He’s aware of Natasha watching him as he forces himself steady enough to continue deleting, except the piece is saved to the company server and he doesn’t know how to -
Steve runs the tap to rinse the sink and washes his hands. When he’s done, Tony is facing him while looking lean and ready to pounce, both hands open and imploring. It’s a cue that it’s time to go.
“I know you think that’s supposed to hurt,” Tony drones over a loud, sparking sound, “but I’ve heard much worse over the years. And let’s not act like you’re a great example of successful communication. How long did it take you to work up the nerve to ask me about that night, exactly?”
“You should come and check it out sometime,” Tony says, and it’s so blasé that he could be talking to anyone, except he’s not, and Steve is once again uncomfortably aware of the fact that Tony only gets to be alone with people he wants to be alone with, especially when he’s at a crowded party with hundreds of people who would kill for ten seconds of his undivided attention. “With all the renovations the upper floors are going to need, I’m thinking about a workshop for repairs when I’m in town. Useful, right?”
Because here’s the thing: it’s been six years and ten months to the day since Steve first looked into Tony Stark’s irresistible eyes, and not a day has gone by that Steve hasn’t thought about him. After the gifted tuxedo, Steve’d resolved to move on, but as good of a show as he’s been putting on, he knows deep down that he’ll never really be over this weird, awful, twisted
Tony goes unfocused for a minute as he sips, leaning away. They’ve both rolled up their sleeves despite the chill from their water-logged interlude, leaving Steve cold enough to instantly miss the warmth of Tony’s attention in the humid club. He settles for watching as Tony looks off into the colored lights of the club, beyond the glittering bowels of the Las Vegas strip. He considers clearing his throat to regain his attention from the scantily-clad women before them, but then Tony flashes him a thousand-watt smile.
“That was - that wasn’t a real offer, though,” Steve says, feeling far less confident than he tries to sound. “You asked because - you didn’t mean - ”
Steve rolls his eyes and wheels them towards the cart drop off, case of seltzer tucked under one arm.
He grasps for Steve’s drink, which Steve wordlessly slides towards him, and downs the entire thing in one almighty chug. His lips are red as he wipes at them, Steve notes, a reddish-flowery-pink, and he briefly fantasizes about whether or not they get even redder under less innocent circumstances.
But the sting of unmistakable rejection has Steve shaking his head, and he’s on his feet before he means to get up.
He’s not entirely sure when the urges started. He just grips the glass bottle tight and refuses to allow himself to reach out.
“They only managed it because I helped them cheat,” Steve says quietly when the initial relief and exhilaration has worn off and Tony’s body is sagging despondently. “We wouldn’t have been able to, Tony. It wasn’t just one thing I did for them. Maybe it was one thing at first, but at the end, I told them exactly what needed to happen so they couldn’t lose.”
“Ah.” For the first time since he’d blindly dug his phone out of his pocket to quell the incessant jolting vibrations - and really, it’s far too early on a Saturday for anyone to be calling, so he thinks he’s got every right to be short with her - she sounds less than one-hundred-percent certain. “Yes, we are aware of that. But Mr. Stark was very specific, and I was ordered to contact you directly.”
He’d write the same sort of article he’d written at the time of the kidnapping, and that’s exactly why Tony wants him for the job.
Because when he reaches down for the first brush against Steve’s hole, there’s not a single iota of doubt in his mind that this is what they’re supposed to do together.
No matter what happens, Steve refuses to reconsider his decision to accept the interview. He’s spent the entire last week strengthening his own resolve - spurred on by his so-called friends ganging up on him to ask if he knows what he’s doing, if he’ll be able to evade Tony’s seductive clutches one more time, and if one more person implies that Steve isn’t capable of holding his own against a man he’d once had the strength to push away in the intimate backseat of a limousine, he’s going to start plotting his retreat from civilization - and as recently as this morning, posted up on his tiny snow-dotted balcony with his tongue-burning sugar-cookie-creamer-filled (thanks, Sam) coffee, had seriously considered emailing Maria Hill to bail on the entire thing.
“I think the house was built in the seventies,” Steve says, forcing himself to frown, but he can’t hide the entertained sparkle in his eyes.
“Okay, no,” Tony says, shaking his head. He dives in with a knife and fork, attacking the accompanying mountain of strawberries and whipped cream with single-minded focus. “You’re not even doing it right - ”
He does talk of Morgan, as his voice grows hoarse, as he tells Tony why he had gone to him after so many years, and it’s there that Tony truly interrupts him.
He waits for Steve to drop the shirt, to stand up and find a seat where he’ll settle for approximately five minutes before getting restless and searching for something to do. It doesn’t come though, and even though Steve isn’t directly touching Tony at all, he feels goosebumps sprout up under his gaze.
in the back of his throat. He drives into his dry fist at a punishing rate, too close too soon, oversensitive and unable to distinguish reality from memory as Tony clings to him and whispers in his ear.
“I vaguely remember Ms. Potts accusing you of lacking in that department,” Steve says diplomatically.
“As if you’re one to talk,” Steve says, because while Bucky might be rocking a more cropped cut now, there’s photographic evidence of previous hairstyles.
Steve watches as neatly manicured fingernails brush a stray few strands of hair away from the casually diamond-studded necklace seated just above her blouse’s modest neckline.
They don’t speak for what feels like days but could be mere minutes. There’s no need. The ambient noise is a pleasant soundtrack, frogs croaking and reeds rustling with every slight breeze.
Tony gets up long enough to get the coffee going again, because Carol was cruel enough to leave the pot on the opposite end of the counter, and then sits back at the counter and whines until everyone is seated with a plate and Steve pulls out the barstool next to him.
Perhaps this is a dream after all, he thinks, reaching down for a flower. His fingertips brush the petals before shifting down over the thin stem, and he breaks it easily, about six inches down. It must be a dream, because his cosmos had only ever been vivid and electric in color, and yet these are close to the color of blood, a cherry-wood wine that smells utterly divine.
The snow isn’t falling fast enough to pose a problem, the ground not yet cold enough to allow it to gather enough to hamper the drive back into the city, but Tony nods at the implication - at the unspoken need to get far, far away, as soon as possible - and doesn’t press any further.
She clearly sees something in his face or hears something in his tone, because she comes back and leans up on her tiptoes to kiss the side of his face just once.
“I just thought,” Tony says, metered and neutral, “that I wasn’t really into the idea of anyone else wearing it.”
Then there’s a slightly mechanical voice coming from the ceiling and announcing the time and weather conditions, and Steve barely manages to land on the bed instead of the floor when he falls on his ass in complete shock.
“I don’t know why he told you about me,” Steve says, only he’s just finished telling Tony about Peggy’s funeral, and Tony’s just said that he was glad the alternate version of the Avengers could be there for him.
For five minutes, Steve’d had his share of internet fame. The piece was all anyone could talk about, published in its entirety as he’d originally intended with the minor addition of a footnote about how the kidnapping didn’t change a single thing about how Steve had regarded Tony after their day together. It had been a risk, but one that had paid off massively despite how Steve quickly became known as the guy who’d publicly declared his love for a missing man via blog post.
“No, no,” Tony says quickly, barely giving Steve time to attempt to kiss him back. “No, it’s okay. It’s okay, Steve. I love you. It’s okay if you love me. Hell, it’s okay if you don’t. It’s kind of the assumption I’ve been operating off of, anyway. But it’s not weird, I don’t care if it is, because fuck those assholes, I love you, and if you brought me here because you love me too, then know that I don’t think it’s weird at all.”
“I thought you’d want me to talk about why Iron Man deserves to fight the good fight,” he says before he can convince himself to shut up and let Tony run the show, because they’ve tried that and it’s never worked out too well for them. “I’m the one who fought for you when you were in Afghanistan, and everyone knew it. Hell, you’re the reason Vanity Fair hired me. I owe my career to you, otherwise Pierce would’ve had Conde Nast blacklist me.”
He can’t force Tony to do anything, but there’s a certain kind of anger-melting beauty in taking what he wants.
“I know,” he says on an exhale, one hand settling on his hip while the other leaches warmth from the mug. There’s a commercial for some cologne on the tv, a ridiculous montage of shirtless men in dark rooms enticing the viewer to buy the product as a holiday present. “I know you won’t.”
When Steve passes Tony his scotch on the rocks, poured from a bottle that he’s sure must cost at least four figures, he pretends that the moisture on his palms is from the sweating glasses.
“He parties too much,” Peggy tuts as they grocery shop, Tony’s face smeared on the front of multiple tabloids at the register.
They’re not a bad crowd, Steve thinks as the sun-drenched warmth insulating the wedged spaces inside his leather jacket begins to dissipate, leaving room for the evening frost to seep in. He’d excused himself to attempt to locate a bathroom around the time Pietro started to grumble about his stomach and Wanda began shooting down all of Vision’s offers to prepare dinner. They’re not bad, but they’re a group tightly bound by what makes them different, and they all know that Steve is an outsider. It’s not like he wants to be a superhero (well, not
“No snap,” Tony had said while letting the armor recede entirely back into the reactor and snatching Steve’s hand out of the air. Flesh on flesh, warm and pulsing and alive, with Tony’s pulse hammering in his ears despite the rising din of relief surrounding them. “We’re all still here.
“I can’t believe you’re admitting that I’m right about something,” Steve says, chuckling against the back of Tony’s ear.
“You’re drunk,” Steve says, because the roof of his mouth tastes unfathomably of scotch. He ignores the transfer of a blunted mintiness that lurks behind his front teeth, and how Tony’s temptingly rock-hard against him.
He can’t look at Tony’s face, not while he swallows thickly and is so good at earning Steve’s sympathies. He studies the white vees between his ghostly fingers, how close the tip of his middle finger is to that unraveled bowtie, how the strangely warm
“Sounds fun,” he placates, because they both know Tony’s not serious. Well, he’s not one hundred percent serious, at least. “Don’t forget the fireworks.”
The expression on Bonnie’s face tells him that whatever she needed to hear, he hasn’t said it, so he tries again.
“Okay,” he says, ten seconds later when he’s drained a few more long gulps of too-grainy sludge, wishing it was coffee instead. “I’m sorry, let’s try this again. You need me for what, again?”
Tony’s all casual indulgence, arms laid out horizontally on the pool ledge behind him with his bare chest on display in the glowing moonlight. He’s the perfect shade of tan with the perfect amount of sparsely curling chest hair, looking at Steve through lids a little too low and amused to be strictly professional, and that
“I know, darling,” she tells him, and he can picture her tucking him in, smoothing the covers over his tiny body. “She should be back tomorrow.”
There’s talk of things getting bad in Houston. Steve hears it when he wanders into a SuperWalmart because he’s running out of toothpaste, because for all the things he can live without, toothpaste is not one of them. His facial hair has grown out enough to look mildly scruffy and he knows it’s a sign, recognizes the signs that he’s not doing great, but he’s got his clothes in the washer back at the olive green painted motel and that’s good, at least.
Tony brightens as he demonstrates, and the hours pass until Peggy returns. After that it isn’t long until Maria appears in a cloud of expensive floral perfume and pearls, and Tony throws himself at her until she pats his head gingerly, looking for all the world like she has no idea what to do with him.
Steve shrugs, like he hasn’t been uprooting Tony’s universe bit by bit since he walked through the door an hour or so prior.
Tony is wasted, a product of days of drugs and alcohol and attempts to lose himself to escape the misery, but he’s always been too clever for his own good. Nothing can do much beyond slightly dampening that, slowing down his neural processes just barely.
He’s been handling the bulk of the incoming calls for the day, but when the line rings as he’s wrapping up a call to schedule when Harry can be picked up by his uncle and his partner, Beth clears her throat.
But then Tony pushes off the wall, dips down under the warm water for a few horrifying long seconds where Steve panics and wonders whether or not he can swim, if the excess of liquor and lack of adequate food has had the worst kind of effect. Of course, Tony pops up easily, having traversed half the distance between them, and pushes his dripping hair back off his forehead in a way that draws Steve’s naked wanting gaze.
“Great,” Tony says, and his sudden put-upon smile cuts deep, vicious and overexaggerated. “Another old man, here to tell me what a horrible loss this is. Someone else here to tell me all the great things Howard accomplished, like I haven’t grown up hearing it all, being told that I’ll never - ”
“Come on, sunshine,” Tony says, making sure to smile extra wide, trying to coax one out of Steve. “Let’s rip off the bandage.”
Tony feels that it’s time for Iron Man to retire, how it’s going to happen, what it means for his team and the world and all Stark Industries’ relief efforts -
“It’s okay, you know,” she tells him, wobbly and croaking as her lungs work overtime to recover. He’s thankful for her, thankful that she allows him to give her so much, thankful that he’s had her to keep him sane while knowing that Tony was in a cave in the desert and Steve could have found him in an instant if he dared.
They manage a companionable silence for exactly as long as it takes the commercial break to come to an end, at which point Steve tenses. He reaches for his phone, wanting a distraction so that he can get away with not paying attention to the segment without changing the channel entirely, especially since Sam’s eyes are glued to the report. It’s impossible to block out entirely as Steve checks his email, especially since the most recent item in his inbox is from a
“No,” Steve says. “I regret that I don’t remember, and I regret that I didn’t ask you about it sooner.”
“There's no point in lying about it,” Clint says, and Tony shoots him a highly affronted look before going to get Steve a new drink.
“You sure?” Steve asks, going adorably pink as he does sometimes, and Tony nods emphatically. “I don’t know, I was just gonna say, I hope you know I wouldn’t let that happen to us. Not after everything we’ve been through.”
“Why?” Steve asks, reaching for an almond and crunching it between his molars. “Why d’you need to give me anything?”
There are so many palm trees. Steve tries not to stare in awe, but there’s something about being alongside the ocean that makes his insides feel inflated with helium.
“I’m sorry,” Steve says, grimacing further as he hears how affected the words come out. “I’m just - ”
“Not even my editor?” Steve says, to cover the way he doesn’t want anything to do with any of the women in front of them. They’re all beautiful, with miles of lush curls and shimmery shoulders, but that’s all, really.
“Money, care for Peggy, anything,” Tony says, smooth-talking, putting on his show to cover up how he’s really feeling. “I can visit often. I can put her up in the Tower - I’m putting all the Avengers up, everyone’s got a room.”
“I can’t leave these kids,” he says, and it’s not an excuse, and Tony must see that because his expression softens. It’s nearly dark now, the angles of Tony’s face transformed into gentle lines. “But like I said. I’ve always left it up to you. All you have to do is be straight with me.”
Tony angles himself towards Steve’s open sprawl, and wonders if he’s played right into Steve’s hand.
“You wanted an article, sure, and I was more than happy to give you one. You were attractive and let me charm you, but you also let me toss your recorder and drew the line at skinny dipping while letting us pretend that we gave a fuck about those strippers, all while making it very clear that you weren’t in it to write about my excessive partying or how I’d abandoned my responsibilities.
“Unless you’re expecting me to drive us back to the compound for the night,” he continues, hefting himself up and making sure he hasn’t gotten dirt on him, “we need to figure out what we’re doing. Because I want food, a bed, and a shower sometime in the near future.”
He doesn’t know how to answer, and Beth swaps their bowls out. The chocolate is overly sweet and cloying, but it figures the kids would love it.
Pepper randomly comes to a stop, studying Steve more thoroughly than he thinks he’s ever been studied in his life. “I’ve spent entirely too long protecting Tony Stark to not have learned that the job includes protecting those who are on his side,” she tells him, direct but with a warmth in her eyes that he hadn’t seen in Malibu. “He makes a lot of enemies, quite frequently, but it’s very rare when he manages to find a friend.”
Tony packs protein bars in the suit and always remembers Gatorade after, because Steve is stubborn and forgets to fuel up and recover properly, reckless and dependent on the serum in a way that Tony will never understand.
Tony must overbalance, because as he’s angling his face to avoid smacking Steve’s face head-on (which Steve kind of wishes he would, and
“Glad we’re on the same page about that,” Tony says. “I’ll be alright. Shit like this - keeps us humble, you know?”
“Yeah,” Steve nods. “I know I left a lot of people behind. But I think I needed a new perspective. Something to help me remember how much - to help me remember that it’s okay to love the people who mean a lot to me, even after everything we’ve been through.”
“I’ve got him, darling,” she murmurs, easily transferring the tiny bundle to her arms. “I’ve got you.”
He’s completely joking, because Steve is more than competent and Tony is getting old, which is half of why he’s bowing out gracefully like this.
There had been sacrifices along the way, but he’s pulled it all off and it’s nothing short of miraculous.
“So everything is what we want it to be,” he says, and the path suddenly descends steeply, the decline just barely navigable. “How does that...work?”
Steve lifts a hand to touch Tony’s hair, making sure the cosmos aren’t at risk of falling into the lake.
“Oh, so you do know who I am,” he says, snapping the fingers of his free hand before holding up his palm in a very sarcastic
Steve jumps, pen clattering on the floor as he curses under his breath and twirls around in his seat to see Christine being trailed by a courier carrying a very large box adorned with a very large bow.
“To notice things about you,” Steve stresses, and Tony holds out the cigarette. He doesn’t relinquish it though, merely holds it close enough so that Steve can fit his mouth around the filter, lips brushing warm calloused fingertips, and yeah, this definitely is a problem.
And Steve looks at him - really, truly, looks at him. He sees anguish and pain and insecurities, hope and yearning and enduring strength, and reminds himself that this is a different Tony. He might look exactly the same, a precise facsimile that makes his own heart burn with repressed longing, but he is his own person who knows a different Steve Rogers and is about to have his life shaped very differently from how the Tony he knew had had his life changed.
“You’re a selfish coward,” she cries, and it’s the worst fight they’ve ever had. “You’re going to - they’re going to
“If you were flexible, I’d’ve propositioned you when we hired you,” she says sweepingly. “But you’re not, and he is. You’re both extremely attractive, and we all know what happens when attractive people get together. Forgive me for assuming you’d know better than to pass up a chance with someone as reportedly talented in bed as Tony Stark, especially considering the history there.”
For a long time, he had wavered over the best time to intervene. It hadn’t been like after the fall of SHIELD, when there had been no question about what he needed to do. He had sat at the table well into the night, night after night, mapping out different ways it could all play out and missing his battle-sharp skills, his determination, had missed not caring about having more than a rough plan because he trusted himself to improvise and survive.
Steve looks away, focuses on Elliot who’s miserably failing at acting like he’s not hanging on Tony’s every word.
it’s just a minor stab wound that requires a little surgery, and Tony is forced to drag Rogers out of the waiting room by the scruff of his neck once she’s asleep and recovering.
“Steve,” Tony says with a chuckle. “Things haven’t been the same since you asked yourself to tell me about my parents.”
Ultron is inescapable. Steve knows this, knows that no version of him is capable of stopping Tony’s genius when combined with his fear. Still, the team acts faster, acts as a
He’ll bring it up soon, he tells himself, watching Tony toss his crust back in the box and brush crumbs off his hands.
“Someone’s been looking for you,” she informs Steve, dangling her little phone in front of him. “Call them back so they stop calling me. My phone went off in Chemistry today and my teacher almost confiscated it.”
“Yeah?” Tony says, twisting around to look at him. “That’s it? Nothing about how you’ve got to spend time at the house, and how it’s a miracle that you and I haven’t blown up half the continent yet? Or - ”
Tony wants some sycophant who’s willing to fight tooth and nail till the world gives Iron Man the benefit of the doubt. Because Steve’s done it once before, and he’ll do it again if it’s the right thing to do. Which means that Tony knows how susceptible Steve had been, and is certain that he’ll be just as susceptible again.
“We don’t have to,” Tony says without inflection but watching just the same. “I can keep them from coming this way, or we can go somewhere else.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve manages to push out through partially crystallized lungs. “It’s just been a long day, a lot going on - ”
In the context of the time they’ve spent together yesterday and today, it’s incredibly confusing, and Steve is thrown off guard. Unwilling to be caught vulnerable again, he swallows involuntarily and dares himself to meet Tony’s gaze.
Proof that Steve Rogers had never been stupid, he thinks, before giving him a talk practically identical to the one he had given Fury.
“I’ll do my best,” he says, and then she’s hanging up without saying goodbye, which he doesn’t mind because he kind of deserves it.
“I want us both to feel like we have all the answers we need,” Steve says, swallowing pools of anxiety that do nothing to ease the flow of nerves. He’s not sure how to ask for what he wants, what he needs to navigate a stormy patch in the midst of glassy waters.
“They smell like cake,” Tony says, nose scrunching up as Steve takes his hands away. “Like - red velvet. Mom loved red velvet. Thought it was a novelty. Dad thought it was classless.”
“You’re going to get stuck in there,” Steve comments idly, leaning against the kitchenette once he’s made sure that the microwave is on and the mug inside is rotating warmly. “And since I’ve got no idea what you’re up to and you insisted on emphasizing that we’re the only ones in the Tower, you’ll be up creek without a paddle when that happens.”
Tony just looks at him over the fine white porcelain rim, big brown eyes unblinking and unsettling. Resisting the urge to squirm a little, Steve shoves aside any awkwardness he’s feeling on his end and places the phone down on the table.
As he speaks, Steve works Tony’s pants down his hips, just enough to reveal his half-hard length, and Tony forces himself to speak as Steve’s hand wraps around him, sure and strong.
It’s a mess, it really is. Tony pinches and pulls at Steve’s nipples until he’s got entirely too many pounds of super-soldier slumped down against him, unable to maintain his usual brand of unparalleled control, and he has to smack Steve’s ass and tell him that they’re not done yet, they’ve barely gotten started.
The decision never feels any easier. If anything, it becomes agony, the bands slicing him into pieces, cracking him open to bleed. Maybe the universe has stayed whole despite his presence, and maybe this is the price he has to pay.
Tony is so motionless that he could be asleep, and just as Steve peers down in an attempt to confirm, Tony wedges himself even closer. His free hand smoothes over Steve’s thigh, fingers twitching like they want to grab hold of something, and Steve immediately offers up his other hand.
When they dig him out of the ice, Steve refuses to have anything to do with it. Fury pays him a visit, lets him know that things aren’t going so well and they’ve set Rogers up in a private rehabilitation cabin.
That, though, he thinks he can apologize for. So he does, stammering through the whole thing as if he doesn’t have conversations with people for a living, and he tells himself to get a grip.
“I didn’t say anything,” he says, keeping his eyes forward so he doesn’t expose himself. Justin Theroux is attempting to extract Tony from whatever mess he’s in the middle of creating, and Steve grimaces into his glass before tipping back the last of it.
Tony lets out a strangled little laugh, caught in the back of his throat and scraping and rough, and Steve is sure he’s about to be told off for how inappropriate that was. But Tony seems intent on surprising him and nudges their temples together before aligning their faces nose-to-nose, and Steve goes a little cross-eyed but refuses to look away.
“I’m pretty sure we met in Vegas,” Steve says, caught between embarrassment and the desire to wrap a hand around Tony’s hip, if only to get him to stop bobbing around maniacally. “February, two-thousand and nine.”
“The beef sliders,” he says, eventually, as he sees a paunchy man with an oversized gold watch and sparkling cufflinks beelining for them. “Like little burgers. You’re lucky they opted out of the blue cheese this time.”
“The kids like you,” Steve settles on. “Not that I expected any less. You’re always good with people, when you want to be.”
“You don’t have to keep it all inside,” she says, and it’s a phrase that had once been well-worn but has long since fallen out of style between them.
“He had your help,” Steve placates him. “I remembered a few things. Sometimes I’m useful, you know.”
Steve rubs one palm down the front of his fresh jeans, then switches his beer to the other hand so he can repeat the motion. “What do you want to know?”
“I’m sure what you’ve got is impressive,” he says diplomatically, and when Tony pouts and reveals a weapon that looks suspiciously like a gun but he claims isn’t one, he makes sure to ask lots of questions and act very engaged.
Steve considers his words with the utmost care, but ultimately it doesn’t matter. The truth is one that he has long been intimately familiar with. There’s no desire to lie.
“I’ve had a really great time,” he confesses, staring out over the ocean. “I - I don’t think I’ve felt like this in a really long time. Or ever, really.”
“Just like Bruce,” Tony says, and Steve’s heart stutters before the moment passes and he can laugh along.
Steve swivels his wrist and pretends to pay close attention to the ticking hands of his watch. “Well, I wouldn’t say the entire time,” he says, if only for how Tony’s expression goes righteously indignant, and Steve suppresses a smile as he shakes out his left hand and extends the right to Rhodes. “Colonel.”
“About...forty-five minutes ago,” Steve says, checking the microwave clock as Tony crowds his space. “And I did tell you. I gave you your own mug, and you took one look at it before getting back to work.”
“Have you seen Pepper lately? I haven’t been with Pepper in years. Not since she found the plans for the compound,” Tony says, sitting back in his chair and running his fingers through his hair. “Why would I - how could - she had a kid with me?”
They just...kiss. Steve has no idea how long it goes on for, rubbing his thumbs into the perfect sloping divots on either side of the base of Tony’s spine. There’s some tentative jerking of hips, but strangely Tony doesn’t seem in any rush to hurry things along. Steve’s silently appreciative, not wanting to do anything more in the back of a car with a hired driver mere feet away, but nevertheless falls victim to the scorching tidal rush of Tony’s teeth tearing into his lips with a magical unit of pressure. It tugs at something deep behind Steve’s navel, desire-spiked lava flooding out to singe his fingertips and toes, and he moans loud enough to feel ashamed by it as Tony breaks the kiss to smile down at him in a pleasure-soused blur.
Carol threatens to photon-beam his mouth shut, and while they antagonistically debate the realities of that statement, Steve leans back on his elbows and admires the cloudless sky. When Tony leans back on his hands, his biceps flex invitingly and Steve can’t resist the temptation to kiss the one nearest him. Tony doesn’t flinch, doesn’t even look at him - he just flips a hand over, and Steve pulls it to him so he can kiss the center of the palm before giving the appendage back to its owner.
So Steve angles the phone to capture where Tony is pacing the shore, leaving behind footprints that are effortlessly washed away by the tender caress of the waves. He’s on his own phone, talking about something probably business or compound related, and after telling Beth that that’s all she’s going to get, Steve stretches out on his towel and relishes the way the sun beats into his skin. Morgan splashes around until she tears herself out of the water, pulling at Tony’s shirt with dripping hands, but Tony just shakes his head and points up at Steve.
“I want to go on the roller coasters,” she demands, and Tony uses a hand on the edge of the counter to stand up. Steve wants to help him, a firm but gentle hand under an arm, but just swirls the wine around.
“Don’t be,” Tony says, and he’s so dismissive that Steve’s confused. “She’s been a good sport through it all, didn’t try to bury me in legal fees or a custody battle. We juggle Morgan around like a little hot potato, but it works, and she’s not demanding to see a therapist yet, so I figure we’re doing alright.”
Tony is beautiful, and he looks like a burning flame even in the night, and Steve swears, if it’s the last thing he ever does, he will not extinguish this.
“I know, Steve,” Tony says patiently. “Why d’you think I’ve got them set up through the Foundation?”
He has to arch away from the solid warmth of Steve’s front to fit a hand between them, finding his length and curling around it.
“I believe you,” Natasha says valiantly, but with the kind of expression that makes him unsure of whether she really does or not.
Manny offers to take the picture and winks at the girls who giggle in response. They thank Steve profusely before departing, and he doesn’t know why he was so worried in the first place.
“Don’t you dare ruin that,” Pepper says, eyes on the bottle as she pours. “I had it imported from Italy.”
“I don't know that we have much of a system left to shock,'' she says, and then offers him a hand. “Let’s go for a walk.”
“So that’s...your room,” Tony says, gesturing into the comfortably sized room. “Told you, you had one. Meant it. It’s the biggest, but don’t tell Rhodey, he’ll get offended and demand an addition to his. Well, the biggest after mine, but that doesn’t count, obviously - ”
“We can move on,” Tony says, and Steve squeezes his hand before letting go, and the loss is greater than Tony would expect as he watches Steve rub his palms over the thighs of his thin sleep pants. “We let it be simple. We already agreed, we’re different from them. This only has to mean something if we let it.”
She has never asked before, not like this. His throat grows thick and he closes his eyes, aching inside for the boy down the hall and his parallel universe counterpart.
Tony yawns again and this time Steve does too, only remembering to clamp his mouth shut halfway through.
“I haven’t made that woman happy a day in her life,” Tony says definitively, incredulously. “And I doubt she’d stoop so low as to marry me, much less have a kid with me. What the hell was your Pepper smoking?”
It’s the last straw, really. Tony feels his throat grow thick as he thinks of hugging Steve goodbye at the platform, of the distorted childhood memories, of his parents dying and the most unexpected man instilling within him a sense of hope that he hadn’t known how desperately he needed at the time. He starts to think of what could have been, but then Steve presses a barely-there kiss to the side of his head, mostly catching hair, and he knows he wouldn’t go back and change a damn thing, and he
“I don’t mind going over it all again,” Steve says, his hand resting on his thigh, still safely ensconced within Tony’s.
Steve is going to ask, he decides. Before he leaves the Tower, he’s going to treat this meeting like any of the others they’ve shared: like it could be the last time they ever see each other. He’s going to reach deep in himself and find the courage to ask. It’s been easy to cling to Tony’s favor and pretend that he’d never crossed that line, easy to never have to look himself in the face and ask what the hell he’s been thinking, but he’s not going to live in willful ignorance anymore.
“Oh,” Tony says, face doing something like he doesn’t know what to do. “That’s - this isn’t Coachella, Cap.”
“Lucky you,” Rhodes agrees before frowning at Tony, who’s currently shredding the petals of the peonies in the centerpiece. “Okay, seriously? I don’t care how much you hate these people, but if we don’t at least pretend to make nice with some of - ”
And Tony looks at him, long and scorching. He takes the hand that isn’t holding Steve’s and pushes into Steve’s hair, holding him there and cradling his skull tenderly.
Someone should’ve cut him off earlier, Steve thinks aggressively. Someone should’ve been looking out for him, but then again, it’s not like anyone’s been looking out for Tony since Christmas -
“I know. Let me tell you - bullshit. Half the city of Houston is suddenly back, and nobody wants to get a fucking job. They want welfare. Some kind of retribution for what happened to them. As if it’s our fault they disappeared! They’re not getting a single dime of the taxes I’ve paid while they were gone. Well, they can kiss the government’s ass all they want, but no one is coming to save them. They’ll have to get back up on their feet all by themselves, stop looting all those stores.”
When Rogers comes by next, around Christmastime, Peggy has trouble keeping the two of them straight. Steve serves a roast and Rogers has brought a store-bought pie, looking for all the world like he can’t imagine a world where he knows how to cook an entire holiday feast. A consequence of flying under the radar and letting his wife’s career reign supreme, Steve tells him. Rogers tries to insist on helping with the dishes, but Steve orders him to keep Peggy company, and the entire thing feels very surreal.
“Sam,” Steve sighs, but it’s hard not to loosen up when Sam is so on the nose about Steve’s tendency to retract in on himself whenever the going gets tough. “It’s not worth talking about.”
Steve opts not to respond, and instead just budges over to give Peter room to work on the stove. Thankfully his blush seems to have receded by the time Bucky slouches in, having just gotten back.
“I look forward to the finished product,” Tony is saying, only it’s too polite, too curt as his tongue swerves along the lines of his teeth, and the handshake is as abbreviated as his syllables.
“We’ve been trying to simulate the impact of certain celestial forces,” Tony calls from where he’s seated, shaking out his hands. At Steve’s look, he waves to the tools in front of him. “Just cramping.”
“How’d you know what Pierce was asking?” Steve feels like he’s losing the thread of conversation. Either Tony’s ability to make someone else feel like they’re drowning is contagious, or a very specific quality he looks for when hiring.
“I don’t think my barber does white guys, but maybe he’ll make an exception,” Sam says, and Steve rolls his eyes. “At the least we can get you a recommendation, a little beard oil, maybe do something about those split ends and - ”
“You don’t have to explain,” Tony says, and he’s kind, brushing off the weird not-quite-full-blown panic with the gentle ease of someone who’s experienced much worse, and Steve aches sharply with gratitude. “They’re a lot, I know.”
The bands tug around his heart. He knows that everyone is watching him so he forces himself to pull it together, to stroke the back of the baby boy’s hand with a single index finger.
“You care about me!” Tony crows, walking backward, which really must be the worst idea in the universe as the heel of his shoe catches on a tuft of carpet and sends him careening onto his ass. Sighing internally, Steve watches to see if he needs a hand to get up. He doesn’t, slowly but surely getting back to his own two feet and decidedly
The rest of the Avengers line the very back row, like a gaggle of children being forced to stay quiet during Sunday mass, the promise of a reward for good behavior the only thing keeping them in line.
Steve makes his way between things, between heaps of scraps and what he swears looks like a children’s biology playset. He points to it as he gets close, and then pulls the safety glasses off Tony’s face to stroke the dent left behind on the bridge of his nose.
It’s the confidence boost he needs, the assurance he’s been lacking ever since he’d been bowled over by Tony’s presence, and he heads to Pierce’s office ready to present him with what he dares to think could potentially be a final draft.
“I’m here,” Josie says, and she’s got her eyebrows raised so Steve raises his right back. Serena’s grip loosens so he lets her go, and she heads back to the family room. “We expecting any other visitors?”
“I’m pulling rank here,” Steve says, plucking the donut out of the box and taking a large bite. It’s just faintly warm still and Steve doesn’t have to think on it for more than a second to know that the donuts are Tony’s doing, just chewing fluffy-yeasty pastry and taking a moment to savor the rich chocolate on his tongue.
“She said it could be a late birthday present,” Beth keeps going. “We text just fine, and we’ve talked on the phone a few times. It’s been fine, except for when she’s apologizing.”
“He wants me to interview him for TIME,” he decides on, because at least there’s a chance this bomb drop of information will shock Sam into
“So open it,” she says with an obvious shrug. Steve rotates in his chair, booted foot swiveling him back and forth just to watch her narrow black-lined eyes at him. “Rogers. If you don’t open it, I will.”
They part with a heavy handshake, reluctant on Fury’s end. The sun rises and Steve proceeds as usual.
- angry, bleeding again and red-raw angry at letting himself feel this way, at Tony for existing as irresistibly complicated as he does, at his career for leading him here, at himself for not making better choices along the way. He’s finally angry, giving in to the weakness and unwilling to deny it anymore. Despite trying to do his best, it never seems to be enough, always falling short and letting a mere man crush his hopes and dreams time and time again. Tony might have no idea what he’s done, and Steve knows that he’d end up regretting it if he’d been allowed to follow through with the kiss, but it doesn’t matter.
Steves exhales, his breath crystalline in the cold, and he feels warm. He presses their foreheads together, gathers her into an embrace, and exhales again.
you want?” It’s gentle prodding, nothing that will offend Steve, and Sam knows that, otherwise he wouldn’t ask.
There’s a moderately thick layer of dust coating the fireplace mantle, and Tony swipes a wavy trail along the edge while taking in the surprising lack of personal belongings in the living room. He rubs the dust between his thumb and forefinger, inspecting it in the light slanting through the south-facing windows. When he looks up, ready to make some quip about how the teenaged boy a few doors down seems to have slacked on his caretaking duties, he finds himself in an empty room.
That’s his job, though. Just like it’s Steve’s to zero in and extract answers to the difficult questions, it’s Tony’s to make people feel seen and special.
Steve stares, unable to decide how he’s feeling as he sweeps his fingers along the edge of the very shield-like object leaning against a cabinet.
By the time the house is quiet (the driving rotation means that normally Denise would drive the high school kids, but Tony’s unknowingly thrown a wrench in those plans so she packs up the girls and begrudgingly allows the middle schoolers to squeeze in as well, since they start later), he realizes that he’s not sure whether Tony plans on coming back or not.
Despite the bumps along the way, Tony likes where he’s ended up: in cheap-by-his-standards pajamas, drinking with a man who can’t get drunk who also happens to basically be his best friend in the entire world, on the front porch formerly belonging to a good-as-dead man who had so painstakingly taken steps to shape Tony’s life into exactly what it is.
“Did you have any plans?” Steve asks, because Tony had mentioned a day together without Morgan, but when faced with the actuality of it, it doesn’t seem as simple as it had. “Because I can entertain myself for a bit.”
rings violently in his head, and he spills all over his hand and wrist with a wet gasp, hips falling to the bed in defeat.
“No, but it is.” Tony shifts his weight around, eyes glittering with sudden interest, the most he’s shown since he’d reappeared. “Because however you feel is going to color the presentation of my answer, no matter what I say. So before I make an ass out of myself -  which I probably will anyway, let’s be honest, this is me we’re talking about here - I think it’s only fair that you let me gauge exactly how big of an ass you’re going to make me out to be.”
“You’ve never tried to do anything for me,” Tony says, hard and brittle. “You want to talk about things you could have done for me? Why don’t we take a little trip back to Vienna? Or Leipzig. We could start there.”
Tony grips his knees. Steve can see how white his knuckles go with the force of it, but he won’t retract his question, not when he’s finally worked up the nerve to give credence to what’s haunted him for so long, but he won’t make Tony answer if it makes him feel like this. If Tony really doesn’t want to talk about this, Steve can take it as neither a confirmation nor a denial and move on with his life.
“I do know everything,” Natasha says, and it’s a short walk to the living room where they’d informally asked the live-in Avengers to congregate, so they pause while still out of earshot. “But it would be nice to have it confirmed.”
Except Steve Rogers has never been stupid, and at the end of the first visit, he finds himself cornered by - well, himself.
brings him back to his surroundings just as abruptly as he’d let them. He wrenches his thoughts away from Steve before failing miserably, and then sighs and reaches for his phone. His jeans are sticking slightly, the mid-Atlantic humidity just about as insufferable as any kind of weather gets, and extracting the device from his mysteriously tight pockets feels more like trying out for a contortionist circus act than an everyday task.
Steve’s ears burn red-hot as Tony splutters, babbling and telling Pepper she’s insane, and Steve pats Morgan’s legs as he stands.
The sheets are damp against Steve’s temple, and when he blinks, a fractionary sheen of a teardrop blurs what little vision he’s got left in the dark of the room.
Tony looks up at him, and suddenly he looks like he’s aged every single one of those years they spent apart.
It’s true that even the others who had known about the other Steve really hadn’t known him. He’d just been an old man to all of them, quiet and gentle but firm, near impossible to uproot unless he wanted to do it himself. Tony reaches up, gripping Steve’s shoulder and shaking.
Steve rotates his wrist, long fingers skimming the inside of Tony’s wrist before sliding up his palm and weaving their fingers together. It’s impossible not to stare, and despite the muggy weather, goosebumps spread up Tony’s bare forearms.
“You think I don’t have it all arranged?” Steve croaks out, unable to smile so soon after, but terrifyingly close.
“The oven takes longer,” Rogers points out, and as he peels a banana to cut into thin slices, Tony notices that his fork has stilled.
“You seem kinda bummed,” she says, licking her spoon again. “Sometimes I get bummed after I talk to Callie, you know. But Denise says that’s normal, to miss your friends right after you talk to them. Reminds you of what you’re missing.”
Morgan serves as an excellent distraction. She demands near-constant entertainment, and Steve is more than happy to provide it to her. He builds a blanket fort and tells Morgan age-appropriate scary stories that make her laugh until her stomach hurts. Tony makes pina coladas, adds rum to his and Steve’s, and Steve secretly loves the way Tony’s tongue loosens until he’s singing along to a Top Hits playlist that he claims he has nothing to do with. Various scrunchies make their way into Steve’s hair, and when he teaches Morgan how to flip a pancake, a velvet red one ties it all up in some semblance of a messy bun.
“As if any dollar amount in the world would be enough to retain one,” Tony says dismissively. “Anyway, as I was saying, back to your ass and its - ”
“ - thought it was only right that I give you a real chance at what you came here to get,” Tony finishes, talking over Steve like he hasn’t heard him, only Steve knows he did. “So come on, hit me. Any questions you want, and then we can declare things off the record so you can finally partake of some of this basically overpriced sparkling grape juice and I can go back to harassing personal information out of you.”
He’s not the same man Steve used to know, Steve realizes with a pang. But he still smiles at Steve the same way.
When Beth comes flouncing in after school one day, her tongue is blue with her cotton candy gum and she’s rolling her eyes as the other high schoolers file in after her.
Steve had merely shaken his head. “I don’t need it anymore. And he lost his. He lost everything, back in that universe. It’s the least I could do. I couldn’t give him anything else he wanted, but I could give him back his shield.”
When it gets bad, Peggy strokes the back of his hand, light as a butterfly, and doesn’t stop until he can breathe again.
“He needed to hear that,” Tony says after several moments, hand withdrawing and shifting into his previous position. He clears his throat. “What happened after that?”
“It’s okay,” she says, and he can’t remember if she’d always been so comfortable touching him. “As I said, you don’t have to stay with us.”
“Er,” Tony hedges, watching closely as Steve stands stock still in front of the deli counter. “Do we need to - ”
“I made a choice,” Steve says, and it’s all pouring out of him now, because this Tony is the only one who can ever really understand all that Steve has been through, from beginning to end. “I made choices, and I was so sure that I made the right ones, but what if they were only right for me and not for anyone else ?”
“I hope you mean drive as in, in a car,” Steve says with due wariness, unsurprised that Tony knows exactly where he lives.
“I am begging you,” Tony says, appreciating Steve’s complete lack of modesty as he efficiently sheds the uniform and swaps out his compression underwear for a pair of cotton briefs, so fast that all Tony can see is a large swath of pale skin and a hint of soft cock, no time for details as Steve dresses with that military efficiency and implicit acceptance of momentary nudity. “Please, please, please. Just once, try to make it back from one of these bonding exercises without giving me more work.”
“I can do that.” Steve smiles and doesn’t even have to force it, because for all the indignance and distress he’s incurred over the years, he’ll never have it in him to regard or treat Tony poorly. With more words on the tip of his tongue, he understands why Tony must have said it to him over the phone before:
The line falls icily silent. Steve curses to himself as he fumbles his phone and plastic shaker bottle, balancing the former on the narrow railing ledge while attempting to simultaneously avoid spilling his cookies-and-cream shake and switch the call to speakerphone.
Steve can feel the burn behind his eyes, deep in his lungs, overcome with the revelation that of all the scenarios he could have happened upon in this strange new world, he found Tony. He found Tony and Natasha doing exactly what he would have wanted them to, living the cozy and leisurely life that the Avengers had never been able to successfully attain in their universe.
“I can go, if you want me to,” Sam offers. He’s not even bothering to conceal his grin behind the lip of one of Steve’s mugs, and the promise of coffee is enough to signal the release of the pressure valve in Steve’s chest. He straightens up, eases the clenched grip he has on his nearly-empty protein shake, and does his best to smooth his face out into something less furrowed and more neutral.
There are so many of them. Thor is in deep conversation with the space cowboy, Vision and Wanda are sharing the loveseat, but the one person Tony really wants to see isn’t anywhere to be found amongst the victors. He wants to climb back upstairs and call it a night, sleep through the daylight until he regains the energy to join the waking world once more, but everyone wants to shake his hand or pat him on the back.
“Okay,” Steve says, lifting their joined hands to kiss the back of Tony’s palm, and really, Tony doesn’t know how he’s held it together all day. It’s too much, even for someone as used to pushing his own limits as far as Tony is. “Hit me.”
He grabs it as the two girls debate Ariel and Mulan, and thinks that it’s probably Josie, who’s out with the younger boys. She’d whisked them away after school to do some shopping, since they’re all out of laundry detergent and Ben and Jackson had needed to release some pent-up energy in the aisles of their local Target.
“Don’t be afraid,” he says, because he knows better than the man beside him what he is going through. “Make friends. Be brave enough to love. And trust that no matter what you do, others will want you, too.”
Steve’s tongue has to dart out and wet his lips before he can speak again. “You’ve always been nice to me.”
“You don’t have to keep it all inside, darling,” she says gently, held together as elegantly as ever.
“We do better together,” Steve says eventually. “After hearing about everything that happened in that other universe, it seemed like everything went sideways whenever we started fighting.”
“What are you even asking?” He knows he sounds exasperated, but it’s the best he can do right now. After all, he does like being able to afford the good meat from the butcher around the corner and the well-fitting suits he’d finally given into upon his promotion. It’s smoke and mirrors mostly, a glass-walled office that he despises and often shirks in favor of hanging out at the cubicles with the junior writers, but it helps to look the part. All his old ones had started to wear at the seams after so many years, anyway.
Tony inhales, holding in great lungfuls of smoke, and Steve wonders how he can manage that when Steve can’t seem to get enough oxygen to his brain on a normal inhale. His mouth feels dry when Tony flicks the ash at the floor before extending it to Steve.
Tony just half-shrugs, leaning against the doorframe and for some reason reluctant to cross the final threshold.
Steve meets so many people his head swims. It’s almost entirely kids and young adults, a few older individuals who lost their kids and only just got them back but want to keep at the work. It’s a Saturday, and Callie groans with Beth about homework while Elliot reads a well-worn paperback that’s definitely not for school. When a young woman who introduces herself as Josie slots into the seat across from him, with a wild head of tightly coiled hair and big gold hoops in her ears, Steve shifts and wonders if he’s made a mistake.
“What?” Tony asks. “Careful, you’re going to yank my arms right out of their sockets like that - I’m coming, calm down - ”
Of course, Steve thinks, looking at the reflection of a very rumpled, very sweaty, very inebriated Tony Stark.
“So,” Tony says, once he gathers the necessary courage. “Do you want to tell me what’s going on with you?”
His Steve Rogers, he’d like to clarify. Not the other Steve. Only the Steve who covers Tony with blankets when he falls asleep in the communal living room while watching tv, and always saves him the corner brownie pieces, and knows Tony so well that he hadn’t had to ask before knowing that no matter what happened with Thanos, saving Peter ranked above everything else.
Expression guarded, Tony opens and then closes his mouth. He rubs at his chest briefly before settling his hands in his lap, uncharacteristically subdued and no longer the vibrating ball of energy that Steve has come to recognize over the years.
Steve imagines that a lot of people want to. Despite the fact that they haven’t been bothered by obnoxious patrons yet, he’s under no delusion that that’s half because of Happy and half because of the distracting scenery. Tony is whatever is miles beyond popular, and that’s why Steve can’t risk this, can’t let the opportunity get away from him.
It takes a second for the words to register, because Tony really had been expecting something he wouldn’t want to hear. He has to parse through the pronouns for a second, a task that hasn’t gotten any easier as time has gone by. It’s not bad, he doesn’t think, but he clarifies.
“There wasn’t ever a whole lot of talking involved,” he says with intention, and then he sucks harder, bites just enough to draw a gasp from Steve, and can’t keep himself from smiling.
Tony nibbles on the previously discarded arc of crust, staring out at the skyline before them. They’d come out to the open Tower hangar while waiting for delivery, Tony with a set of tools that sizzled and burned Steve’s nostrils as he prepared to put the engine back in the jet, and there’s some barrier that might as well be magic with how it keeps the warmth in and the December chill out. Steve’s impressed, but the chance of him admitting that is slimmer than none.
Steve wonders where everyone else is, because Denise is out with Crystal and Charlie, but otherwise everyone is supposed to be home.
“He kind of made me promise to tell you,” Steve says, and Tony is bewildered by the look on his face as he recalls something, distant but bordering on affectionate. “Threatened my manhood. Said if I was half the man he was, I’d tell you.”
“There’s more where that came from, you know,” Tony says from behind as Steve pours the liquor down the drain.
Well, then Tony recovered with his people at his side, and Steve wasn’t one of those people. He’s long since come to terms with that.
The day after Steve finally has to put Peggy in a care facility, there’s a knock on the door. He hauls himself up and over to it, and is unsurprised by the man on the other side.
One, is that Tony isn’t entirely sold on retirement. He’s embraced the idea enough to want it announced publicly, but references a future Iron Man in ways that indicate he hasn’t completely disconnected himself from the identity yet. When Steve had asked if he’d consider taking up the mantle again in the future, he had given a hilariously shrug-like gesture and started up with some excuse about why he had to start the engine repairs at the Tower, as opposed to the compound.
Steve chokes out a laugh that rubs up roughly against his sandpaper-lined throat and feels his palms prickle with sweat. “Jesus, tell me I didn’t.”
Steve withdraws his hand and rolls his eyes, and Tony flops back down into his chair, flowers going slightly askew.
“Is he really your friend?” she asks, quietly, and he’s reminded of the girl he met six months prior.
“Daddy won’t take me on the roller coasters,” Morgan says, and Steve nods along importantly. “You look like you’re tall enough for the roller coasters.”
It’s an active process, releasing the strain in his muscles so that he can respond without being defensive.
Steve doesn’t even try to deny it, and they lapse into a nebulous silence, surrounded by humming machines, the Biblical downpour outside, and the knowledge that there’s no reason for the two of them to have lingered down here for so long like this.
Serena clings to Tony once the movie ends, and Steve tries not to be jealous. Tony lifts her up and Steve can see the strain it requires of him, until she’s leaning against his chest and petting his face.
He’s not sure where he is, but overlaying the sense of urgency is a full-body sensation of contentment. Every muscle feels replenished and relaxed, strong and ready for battle, but his head knows that there is nothing left to fight, and it relays this message to his body perfectly. He is aware that he is in a field of sorts, atop a patch of sun-warmed grass and surrounded by the sort of idyllic naturescape that he had spent years attempting to create in his own front yard.
Steve thinks of Tony, of historical pens and venomous words and an arc reactor being pressed into his hand.
“Honestly, Steve,” she says, eyes lightening with mirth as he feels his face warm in the temperate late spring breeze. “I’d cleaned up much worse before. You were child’s play compared to some of the other trash Tony’d dragged back the mansion over the years.”
“Mhm.” She plucks at the thin black strap of her dress which clings in all the right places and ends somewhere around her knees, black strappy heels just high enough to emphasize exactly how long her legs are. There’s nothing wrong with how she looks, per se, but the way she’s been continually adjusting her cleavage all night has him grinding his molars together. “Remember Monaco? The Grand Prix?”
He can barely find it in him to care, sitting vigil by Peggy’s bedside, not wanting to miss a thing. Whatever chain of events will separate this universe from his have been set into motion, and he can no longer guarantee that things will happen exactly as they did for him before.
“I need to know,” he says, and it’s easier to keep from wavering when he’s pretending he’s talking to the cityscape, polished and shiny black behind Tony. “That first time we met. At your house, in Malibu.”
It hadn’t taken much convincing, and Steve hums around the straw of his shake. It’s peach flavored, a touch too artificial, but he’s been swapping back and forth for Beth’s Oreo.
“It was complicated,” Steve manages to get out, and he’s lost track of how much time has passed since Siberia (that’s a lie, it’s been nearly seventy-six years for him, he can count it to the hour), but the loss still cuts through him, more wicked than the sharpest knife. “You have to trust me. You can only say that now because he’s told you now.”
“JARVIS?” Tony says, face crumpling in confusion before he’s darting back into the machinery again. “You remember JARVIS?”
Rogers apologizes and Steve waves him off, but he still strides ahead down the hall to check on her.
The spiced meat and creamy tzatziki help him push down the overwhelming nausea and ignore the bone-deep ache running through his entire body.
“Hey.” There’re icy points of faint pressure on his cheek, skimming down the side of his neck. “Hey, calm down. It’s just an offer, you don’t have to - ”
Eventually, the conversation dies down and Steve is anxious, similar to how he had felt on the pull-out couch. He needs to decide on a question, and when he’s ready, Tony beats him to it.
The public funeral is worse, Tony obviously drunk and clearly forced into his suit, and Steve wants to hold him more than anything he’s ever wanted in any of his lifetimes.
It had changed quite a lot, Steve concedes. The Avengers were still on speaking terms, still functional and ready to fight any homicidal aliens who came falling out of the sky. It was perhaps the most obvious change, the one Steve had primarily intended. In that respect, he’d been successful.
When he remembers, it is the next day. He’d woken up in the middle of the night, unable to bear inaction for a single second more, and had proceeded to listen to the interview recording a half dozen times while crudely scraping his fingers into a sinless keyboard. He’s nearly done with the piece, and when he’s forced to tear himself away long enough to feed himself, he can feel the magnetic itch drawing him back to the task.
“You wouldn’t,” Steve says, and his hand wraps around Tony’s as best as it can, and Tony is forced to let go of his leg. Steve just pulls it closer to his front, proof of his peak-of-perfection flexibility, and tries to pull Tony closer as well.
“I’d like to have seen you sit in a modern-day university for a semester or two,” Tony says primly, neatly waving aside Steve’s flimsy excuses. “You would’ve caught up to me and Bruce in an instant. Why do you think we let SHIELD keep you busy doing muscle work? Couldn’t have old grandpa surpassing us.”
Despair claws at the circumference of Steve’s throat, and he wonders what Tony really believes: that he’d saved the world, or that he’d nearly destroyed it. He doesn’t see how they can exist simultaneously, how any one person can live with those conflicting viewpoints without going mad. He clears his throat so he doesn’t end up blurting all of that out. What he wants to say is something about how clearly public opinion is still in his favor enough to warrant a person of the year award, but when he speaks, what comes out is what he’s been wondering for a week.
Natasha talks, telling Steve everything that Tony had filled her in on. He’d done a thorough job, Steve notes bittersweetly, nodding along as he relives the final battle with her. A couple of times she offers him the opportunity to talk about what he’s been up to since then, but he doesn’t take her up on it and she doesn’t seem too offended. Eventually, the ground starts to level out and then the trees abruptly come to a stop, the forest turning them out onto a stone path that transforms into wide stairs, and Steve spends the last small bit of the journey staring at the sight in front of them.
Confused, Steve works his jaw back and forth before responding. “I’m not a people pleaser,” he says, thinking that if anything, Tony’s the one refusing to double down on his convictions. “I’m doing my job, if you don’t mind. Now, if you don’t want to answer the question - ”
“I’m pretty sure you should be illegal,” Tony says, and Steve knows his eyes are tracing Steve’s tongue as he catches a melting trail of ice cream from the cone.
“And then this one here,” Tony adds, gesturing towards Steve with his cup, “got all dramatic about it. Acted like I’d died or something.”
He doesn’t listen as he marks the date in the desk calendar in glittery pink pen according to Denise’s color-coded key. It’s not till he hangs up and finishes underlining the event that he realizes Beth is staring at him. He glances up to meet her uncertain expression.
Steve shakes his head, similar to how he had when Tony had asked the question the day before, moments after it became abundantly clear that his alternate self wasn’t coming back. They’d both suspected, Steve more certain than Tony for once, but to be confronted with the reality or it was something else entirely. He’d told Steve that it wouldn’t have been unnatural for him to suddenly reconsider the decision, and had even gone so far as to offer to send Steve himself into that parallel universe to retrieve it.
“No, JARVIS didn’t die in the ocean,” Tony says with a muffled snicker. “You’re funny, though. He was an AI, there was no physical form to speak of. I, ah - okay, this bit is kind of classified.”
“No,” Tony says, and Steve wastes no time in closing the door and dropping his bag to the floor. “I swear, it just had to do with space constraints, and - ”
“It’s okay,” Tony says bravely, finding Steve’s hands with his and twining their fingers together, holding tight, and Steve never ever wants him to let go. “You don’t have to try so hard anymore.”
He can’t decide whether he wants to run back towards it all and not miss another single thing, or pack up and head for the west coast.
“You,” Tony says, recognition barely flickering in his hazy vision, body unfocused and tense in all the wrong places.
Maybe that’s what does it, what brings him crashing back to reality, only reality as it is doesn’t exist anymore, and he can’t go any further. This is
Tony smothers a spread palm over his face, sheltering his eyes from the darkness of the night around them. The windows are heavily tinted, shielding them from the bright lights of the city.
“I mean, it’s French toast,” he says, watching Rogers tilt his head to the side and then contemplatively cut another bite. “Everyone likes French toast.”
“Alright,” Tony says, looking out at the home in front of him and wondering about the last time it had seen happiness within its walls. “I’ll keep that in mind. Thanks for the talk.”
Peggy hovers for a moment, that uneasy expression on her face, but then Steve moves to the sink, bottle still in hand, and she backs out of the room without another word.
“I did tell him that,” Steve confirms, trying not to wonder why Tony had bothered to tell Rogers that bit of information.
“So Tony’s really here?” he asks, not even bothering to keep the incredulous relief out of his voice.
He does take his time draining the last of his coffee though, rocking back on his heels on the almost-edge of the sidewalk before getting a move on.
“My life is here, with my wife,” Steve tells him. “And no version of you was ever mine, nor an asshole.”
“I can help you,” she persists, and they haven’t had this conversation since he first came back, since they talked at length about how they were going to do this, what they could and couldn’t live with, and they’d agreed that he would only ever share what he chose to. “Whatever it is, Steve, we can do this. Whatever it is about that boy - ”
“No,” she says. Steve puts everything down, relaxing into a fully seated position so he can look up at her, see her nervously toss her curtain of hair over her shoulder.
The celebrations are over, and those who do not reside at the compound have finally departed. Thor, the last to leave earlier that morning, had promised that he would return in a timely manner after checking in on New Asgard and ensuring their prosperity.
“If you don’t start a new one - ” Tony starts, trying to steal Bucky’s as he passes by on his way to the table.
“Tony.” His tongue curls desperately around the syllables, and Steve rests a hand on the seat between them. He wants to say anything worthwhile - whether to reassure Tony that it’s not about not wanting this, or to ask if he’s missing something from four years prior - but can’t land on any combination of words that doesn’t feel woefully inadequate. “I just - thank you, for the ride.”
“Let him,” she says, attempting to readjust herself against the pillows. He immediately helps her, lifting her shoulders and shifting the pillows according to her directions. “It was what you needed, wasn’t it?”
When he hears the first soft snuffle, the sign that Tony’s falling back into a deep sleep instead of potentially waking, Steve nuzzles in. It’s not yet light out, and the kids won’t be awake for a while.
“Me, but oh, I don’t know, almost seventy years older and with white hair?” Steve interrupts with a smirk that Tony wants nothing more than to swiftly wipe off his face.
“You’re not him,” he says as soon as he can manage an inhale, steadfastly tracing the words on the label with his eyes, not comprehending a single bit of it.
There’s that last bit of human hope inside the wound that doesn’t want confirmation of how he’s outgrown the suit, and Tony Stark to boot.
the world where he watches Peggy carefully apply her lipstick every morning, the world where Howard invites him out for drinks after work, the world where the war is over, where he’s found yet another home, where he goes by Steven Carter and darkens his hair and does his best to fly under the radar -
“What?” Tony asks, all innocent behind his mug from where he’s posted up at the counter. He’s on a tablet, looking like he’s picking up wherever he left off in his workshop, and the memory combined with the sound sends a flush flooding down Steve’s cheeks and towards his chest.
It’s enough for him to pause, and Tony scoops banana-granola-almond milk into his mouth while he ponders a way to approach this sensitive topic.
“I struggled for a long time,” Steve says, once they’ve waded in up to mid-calf, the water growing pleasantly warm in a way that has to be a trick of the mind. “I thought that maybe I’d ruined her life. In our timeline she had a husband and a family, and I robbed her of that.”
Steve watches the ever-changing lines of the body he’s studied over the years, and it all comes back to him with no effort at all. He aches with love, so much of it stored inside but too timid to try and find an outlet. Tony is beautiful, and Steve is in love, and he wishes it could be that simple.
How do we feel about chapter length? Because some of the later chapters have kind of exploded to be about twice as long as these first couple chapters. Let me know if you've got a strong preference towards either super long chapters or more uniformly digestible updates.
There’s Rhodey, pulling him into a tight hug and letting the gesture speak for itself before he’s bragging about how many aliens he’d eliminated.
“Okay, no,” he says, gently but firmly shifting her as far away as he can manage with his body suddenly too small for his compressed lungs.
She eyes him somewhat suspiciously, and he takes a sip while trying not to worry too much about what he’s done to deserve her inspection.
There’s a fluidity to his bones that gives it away, even if he’s not yet quite identified what “it” is. He will, soon. For now, all he knows is that he feels incorporeal and unearthly. It’s different from the lightness he’d gotten used to at the end there which had been less spiritual and more physical in nature.
“We’ll figure it out,” Tony says, hope blooming on his face, and it’s lovely. Steve feels all the lovelier for putting it there. “You go back to your family, okay?”
Old man Rogers is predictably in his garden. The sun isn’t fully up yet, and Tony shudders at the thought of how long everyone will push themselves to revel in their mortality, but a butterfly flutters past his ear and he forces himself to push it all aside for a moment.
“We can go inside,” Tony says, low and calm again, as soft as the fattening flakes landing all around them. “Get warmed up. There’s hot chocolate, we could - ”
“How are you?” Wanda asks, licking whipped cream off the maraschino cherry on top of her peanut butter milkshake.
“Well, fuck,” Tony says as a chuckle threatens to bubble up out of him, never good at letting a silence sit. “That’s not fair.”
“I’m not a big fan of questioning the past,” he says slowly, tongue significant with every word. “I try not to unless necessary. So I’m not going to sit here and pretend like you didn’t play a large part in why I stuck with it. It’s all said and done, no matter what you think of it. I put out that piece about you, landed at Vanity Fair, and my editor knew I would get the job regardless of who my subjects were, so I’ve attained a certain level of professional success over the years that yes, you had a hand in. But I don’t regret it.”
It’s better than being asked to pose for a picture for social media, but as he’s waiting at the curb with his cap pulled low over his brow, he realizes that he doesn’t hate that concept as much as he had six months prior.
Steve sighs, and nearly runs a hand through his hair again before stopping at the last second, opting to run the heel of his hand over the bare patch of skin high on his cheek.
Now, Steve just breathes in sandalwood shampoo and Tony, taking note of how different it is from last time. A lot has changed, and Steve thinks that his mistake before had been in guiltily springing back in bed, realizing a second too late that Tony had been awake and lying there in stillness.
Wanda picks him up because the flight lands early and Tony is delayed in the city doing something with Peter. Bucky and Sam are rushing a recon mission to get back for the holiday weekend, and Rhodes won’t leave the compound while Carol has stopped in for a visit.
“I can’t do it,” he whispers brokenly. “It’s not - there’s too much I want to change. Too much I want to save him from.”
“Guess what?” she says, and doesn’t wait for an answer. “You’re already doing it. I know it’s not fun, watching someone you love go through a tough time, but you’re already supporting him by being there. Just don’t push him, and he’ll be alright.”
“Thanks for the wine,” Steve says, and then he’s kissing Pepper’s cheek, and it feels awkward as Tony follows Morgan out the door. “And thank you.”
Today, though? After meeting more superheroes than most people will see up close in a lifetime and watching them putter around their private living quarters?
“Don’t think I didn’t notice that you didn’t ask who I was talking about,” Christine says, crossing her arms under her chest, long red nails on display.
Steve doesn’t care if he’s being rude. He’s never cared very much about what others think about him (present company excluded, he thinks grimly), but in the last few years, it’s gotten worse. He knows he borders on disrespectful half the time, any semblance of politeness thrown out the window as soon as there’s half a reason to do so. Realistically speaking, if he wasn’t better at his job than just about everyone else now that Christine’s left, he’d’ve been forced to learn how to rein it in a long time ago. As it is, Steve knows what he shouldn’t have to tolerate, and this, right here in front of him, is one big giant reason to flash the middle finger.
“We help Denise and Josie with whatever they need,” Beth says, after a particularly large bubble. “We go around asking for people to donate supplies, we sit with the younger kids. Elliot is really good with the babies.”
“Tony doesn’t like to be kept waiting,” she says, waving him forward, and she stays several paces behind as he goes to leave. “Enjoy your time together.”
“Mr. Stark has already left the property,” she says in a tone that isn’t quite clipped, but very close. It’s admirably decisive. “Unless there was something further that you needed to discuss with him.”
“Just take it easy for a few days,” Steve says, still staring, and Tony knows he’s feeling guilty at having roped them into all of this, but the truth is that they all want to be here. Even Bruce, who has better control over his transformations than ever before, and Thor, who despite originally only signing on to retrieve Loki’s scepter, has come to enjoy sporadically residing in the Tower just as much as Tony would have predicted.
There’s the flush of the toilet in the downstairs bathroom, and Tony appears a minute later. Steve’s set up for the night, reclined against a pillow with a book in his lap, and they stare at each other.
“Complimenting your ass could never be a non-sequitur,” Tony declares, and Steve chooses to bite into a mouthful of briny squishiness rather than respond.
When he tells Charlie, it’s because he's is upset and frustrated about bullies at school. He comes home running his mouth about some kids in his class who wear expensive sneakers and trip kids on the playground, and Steve takes him down to a public park to throw a ball around and slip in what life was like for a teenage Steve Rogers. Charlie brushes it off, but when Denise comes to him late that night and tells him she loves him for loving her family, he tells her that he loves her and it’s his family too.
“Feels like it,” Steve admits. “Wanda was asking for my advice earlier. And I was sparring with Buck, and - ”
But later he sees him with a slider in each hand, and pats himself on the back for such a good deed.
It makes Tony’s throat go tight with emotion. It’s overly sentimental for them, and if he were a braver man, he’d like to think he’d duck under Steve’s extended limb and cuddle in close. He wants to rest his weary head for the first time in a very long time, wants to feel Steve stroking through his hair until he drifts off into a dreamless sleep. Maybe it’s the near-death experience of it all, an ominous prophecy nearly coming to fruition, but if there was ever a time to show Steve how he feels, now would be it.
“This universe has you,” Steve says plainly. “Maybe it took me a while and a phenomenal wife and the risk of living in a world without any version of you and then dying - but this one? With you? It’s my favorite. No question.”
“You stay out of my hot tub!” Tony calls after Carol, who ignores him as she carries the pitcher towards the stairs that lead to the newly completed outdoor area. “Rhodey, I’m writing you out of my will if you defile my brand new hot tub before I do - ”
“It’s like there’s more,” Steve manages when Tony thinks that maybe they’re getting somewhere. “You’re so close, it’s so good, please know that. It’s so good Tony, you’re almost there. I’m so full, but I just need a little more.”
“Because I’m an adult and get to make the decisions around here. Also, tickets are expensive. So unless you recently came across some buried treasure or have been negotiating stock options, that’s a veto.”
and bows his head enough to speak directly into Steve’s ear, teeth catching on fragile cartilage as he snaps his hips at the angle that keeps getting Steve to make that glorious face.
Maybe he’d accidentally transported himself to another universe, Tony hypothesizes. Maybe he’s fucked with the time machine too many times and gotten swept up in it, landing in a timeline where Steve is affectionate and touchy.
They’re running out of space in the cart, but Tony plays Tetris with things until they can fit everything. It’s easy, familiar, the way they bicker over frozen breakfast sandwich varieties that they can reheat in the microwave. Tony argues that Steve’s blanket refusal to enjoy bacon is tantamount to treason, and only once they agree to get a box of each are they able to move on. Steve slides a case of water bottles on the bottom of the cart while ignoring Tony’s lecture on one-time-use plastics, and when Steve’s distracted by the beer selection, Tony swaps the water for cans of flavored seltzer.
Rogers looks up from where he’s banging the heel of his hand against the bottom of a ketchup bottle.
“It’s not a honeymoon,” he says emphatically, only aware that he’s flinging his hands about when he nearly clips a column with the phone he’s supposed to be speaking into. He reels all his limbs back in, takes a breath, and then explains properly. “We’re visiting Peggy’s old house,” he says, because Pepper doesn’t know about the other Steve, and he’d rather not go down that rabbit hole right now. “We’re alone, and he’s being all depression-era moody Steve about it, and I’m feeling like a second wheel on a unicycle. Like a wobbly wheel on a shopping cart. Like a - ”
“Steve Rogers,” he answers reflexively. He wonders if his boss has forgotten to tell him something, or if Clint’s being obnoxious as usual, and uses his teeth to rip open the pack of almonds while setting the half-empty can to his far left atop a short stack of legal pads he can’t remember placing there.
“We’re here,” Tony says abruptly, pulling his phone out of nowhere and momentarily lifting upwards to rap his knuckles hard against the partition.
Steve needs that. Steve needs to know that nothing happened, and he tells himself that until he believes it. Sometimes in the dark of night he feels the urge to dig out his phone and message Tony back, to ask if the offer still stands, to ask if anything else had happened that he should know about. He never does, though, and by the time he wakes up the next morning, he once again convinces himself that nothing ever happened.
“It will not serve you,” he says deliberately, “to live in the past, and forget the value of the present.”
“I shouldn’t be surprised that you landed here,” she says, and now her smile has teeth. She lets go of his hand, presumably confident that he’ll continue to follow her, and he switches the cosmos to the other hand. “I did brag that I got you to talk first, so thanks for that.”
Pierce looks at him evenly. “Fine. I’ll get someone else to write it, and you can clear out your cubicle.”
Tony looks at him long and searching, and no matter how badly he wants to, Steve refuses to flinch or break the stare.
“It’s okay,” Tony says without needing to think, because he can only imagine what kind of onslaught Steve is experiencing right now. “You’re doing great. Here, do you need me to touch you?”
He’s long since made his peace with it. There’s no use in thinking about what he could have done differently, or better. Not since none of it makes a damn bit of difference to the one person Steve would do things differently for.
It might be phrased as a question but Tony doesn’t leave any room for argument, and Steve feels backed up against a wall that makes all the fire in his veins turn to ice - and not the pleasant kind, either. Instinct has him lifting a hand - when the fuck had he gotten one on the supple, blessed masterpiece that is Tony’s backside? - and pressing it to the center of Tony’s sternum. Only there isn’t just fragile human underneath his touch, there’s something hard and bruising under the rigid splay of his fingers and palm, and the air crackles with dangerous electricity.
There’re boxes of donuts stacked on the counter and every kid looks like they’ve had at least one. Denise is packing lunches and Beth is passing her plastic cling-wrapped peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, and heading up the assembly line is Tony, still in borrowed clothing. He’s spreading peanut butter on honey-wheat bread, nodding along as Manny talks his ear off while spreading the jelly. Bonnie looks distinctly unhappy with that situation, scowling as she discovers she can’t position herself within Tony’s line of sight, not with Alexa and Charlie fighting over a chocolate donut.
“‘Just a journalist,’” Tony repeats with a honeyed scoff, shaking his head and not buying a single word that Steve is last-ditch attempting to sell him. “Imagine that. Imagine being stupid enough to think that - ”
“Where the hell did you get that?” he asks incredulously, abandoning himself to snatch up the lube, hardly noticing how Steve lets him. “Please tell me you didn’t find this in the medicine cabinet.”
“It’s going to be a new era,” Steve says, so perfectly still he could pass for asleep. “Are you still thinking about taking a break?”
“You’ll be the first to know, Cap,” he says, and just the way Steve smiles back is more than enough.
Natasha just sighs, and Steve moves to pat her knee affectionately, rubbing a thumb over bone and hoping that she knows as innately as he now does that the three of them were meant to be reunited, were meant to find that which they’d never been able to while alive.
“Make them use them,” Steve tells him. “That’s what you can do. Make sure everyone sticks together.”
“But I get final say on pizza toppings,” Steve says, swapping out overthinking for something lighter, and he’s glad that he does, because it makes Tony smile wide, tongue tucked behind his teeth and eyes wrinkled into pretty little half-moons.
It’s observant, quick syllables sharp on a silver tongue that Steve knows very well. He doesn’t have to look to know who it is but wrenches his eyes open immediately anyway.
“I’m sorry,” she says, hand stroking the back of his. “Jarvis told me, said Howard was telling you.”
Steve knows that Tony doesn’t like getting in the water, so he lets Morgan wrap herself around him and he swims out as far as he can without disappearing from Tony’s sight. Morgan loves it, plastered to his back so she can breathe as he keeps his head underwater. When he finally emerges and shakes his hair at her, she cries out in delight. He treads water for a while as Morgan twists Steve’s hair between her little fingers and tells him he needs a headband.
“But you can call me Beth,” she tells him, snapping her hot pink bubblegum. She’s louder, bouncing off the walls as he follows. Elliot with the glasses is quieter, rolling his eyes at his sister and sneaking glances at Steve when he thinks he can get away with it.
He snags Anne Hathaway’s attention for half a minute before she’s urgently called away, and there’s a moment where it looks like Bradley Cooper is coming to lean up next to him before Selena Gomez appears with a gaggle of her young and objectively attractive friends. They all want to know who he is but lose interest rather quickly upon hearing that he’s a lowly magazine employee, which is fine, because he really would like some face time with at least one more nominee before they all disappear. Sally Field ends up allowing him to accompany her to the restroom, and he compliments her dress and talents before she throws out a complaint about her shoes over her shoulder in parting.
“I know,” Steve says. “You’re being really brave, Christina. What do you say the three of us take a walk to Burger King after this?”
“No,” Tony says, finding his train of thought again. “Just, you know. An Avengers retreat or something. Where we can all let loose and have fun. And don’t try to tell me that that lame party counts, because it did not. I was basically comatose for the entire thing.”
“I just don’t wanna ask for something he can’t give,” he mumbles into the speaker, wedging his free hand in his pocket and guarding his shoulders.
Instead of continuing on with the story (which Steve doesn’t even really need, he’s gotten his answer, and he’ll finagle that into something print-worthy as soon as he’s gotten a grip on his sanity again), Tony raps his knuckles on the table hard enough that it shakes and forces Steve to splay out his palms to steady the centerpiece and scattered glassware.
“Yes,” Steve says, wanting to cry out in relief. “I couldn’t do that to him. I couldn’t let him think there was someone else he could never be enough for.”
“Yeah, buddy, I gotta be honest here, that’s not what ‘threatened my manhood’ means. At least not in this century,” Tony says carefully, trying and failing not to laugh.
Steve eases up onto his elbows and looks around. Aside from the flora and fauna, he appears to be alone.
He breaks off abruptly, looking out into the distance, but his fingers remain still. They are a fiery brand against Steve’s mouth, and he wants this, wants more, but he just waits, leaving things as Tony has left them.
“Wow,” Steve says, opening his eyes to catch Tony’s delightfully frustrated expression. “Would you look at that? I’m exactly where I want to be.”
“Might just want to call and chat sometimes,” Tony says, and the words ping familiar, but this time, Steve embraces them with everything he’s got.
“Any party poopers will not be invited,” Tony decides. “And you’ve been toeing a thin line, Cap, so tread carefully if you don’t want to get left behind.”
Natasha looks between them, and Tony just offers her a shrug because there’s no getting Steve to budge and he’s not going to waste their time trying.
Steve’s mind goes to places it shouldn’t, and he redirects forcefully. “No, it’s fine,” he says slowly. “I might as well. After all, it’s like you said.” His tongue tries to cleave to the roof of his mouth. “Anyone else would kill for this opportunity.”
“Come on,” he cajoles, a last-ditch effort. “It was either this or hospital food, and I’m not paying to eat rubbery scrambled eggs.”
They’re too close, Steve knows, and sucks in a chlorinated breath in an attempt to steady himself. It doesn’t work, his legs wobbly with the effort of keeping upright and staying away. There’s only a handful of feet between them, then three, two, and then Tony is so close that Steve can see the soaked clumps of inky-black eyelashes, can trace the razor-sharp edge of his facial hair, can feel the heat rising between them and the flood of arousal throbbing from deep inside out to the involuntary curl of his toes. He knows he should look away, but physically cannot.
Steve wouldn’t dare pull away, though. Not when he’s being clasped close like this, Tony’s left hand plastered over the top of his back and heavy even through Steve’s own jacket and shirt before sliding up to brush rough fingertips over the very base of Steve’s neck. It’s enough of an embrace to drive anyone insane, Steve excuses feebly within the safety of his own head, eyes falling closed before he remembers that he has some degree of decorum to uphold, especially in the middle of the street, and he snaps them open.
They kiss messily, unrefined but needy as Steve straddles him and Tony rakes blunt fingernails down his back. By the time Tony’s begging him -
“But you said I got dumped on your doorstep,” he says, and they’re cutting deeper into the small forest, the dirt floor sloping every which way, but his footing never slips and neither does hers. “How did that happen?”
“Obviously,” Tony says, waving from Steve’s immobile head to toe. “But if you could kindly move aside and get some photographic evidence - ”
But then Steve’s hands are back on him, slipping up his sides and flexing eagerly, and Tony focuses.
The Memorial Day party is a roaring success. Clint and his family come up for it, and Steve’s kind of thrilled to have someone to man the grill with him. They talk about retirement and preteens and laugh at everyone else as they get overly competitive seeing who can land the biggest splash in the deep end of the pool.
The girls scramble towards the stairs, laughter trailing behind them, and Steve listens for a moment.
He spends the evening talking with Tony, reminding himself that this is not the Tony from his universe. This is a different man, one who has come to know a different Steve, and remembering that helps. Tony walks around as he talks, hands sketching in the air to demonstrate what he’s worked out and what he needs to finesse, and Steve listens while reaching deep in his brain for information he had never fully understood, attempting to help where he can in the hopes that time travel works in this universe the same way it had in his.
“You bring out a lot of things in me that I don’t think I’d let anyone else see,” Steve says, offhand. There’s really nothing he can think of in response to that, so he just kisses Steve as thoroughly as he can and moves his hips, pulling out with a spark of intense pleasure.
“I’ll be inside in a second,” he promises, and Beth nods. She lingers, but he raises his eyebrows at her, and she looks guilty before disappearing.
When they get back to the house, Josie looks at him funny all night. She doesn’t say anything until late, until the kids have gone up for the night and she’s unwrapping a pack of Hostess cupcakes from her secret stash.
He wants to know, never wants to uncover the truth; Tony had kissed him like he knew how, like he knew exactly how much teeth Steve needs to get out of his head and into the moment. There’s red all over his stomach, hemorrhaging and cavernous as his mind refuses to settle, instead racing imagination-wild in a way that feels too vivid for his usual fantasies as he draws a hand over his abdomen. Slow, just his fingertips, as he pretends to know what it’s like when Tony’s gasping his name under him.
“You mean like you clearly want me to?” Steve counters, because he’s smart and knows that Tony thinks he should start wading through the remnants of the tragic legacy that had been left behind for him.
“I’m sixteen,” she says stubbornly, fishing fries out of the paper bag. “I’m not putting any money into your swear jar.”
“Didn’t answer my question,” Tony says, pulling at his hair so the product-laden strands stand on end.
“We are doing this,” Tony assures him, and he wiggles in a little more before pumping experimentally to see what level of resistance he’s working with. “Trust the process, okay?”
He doesn’t have to think about it before he’s on his feet, arms extended. Another thing he often forgets is how these older kids know what they’re missing, and where all the gaps in their lives might be. So he lets Bonnie cling to him for as long as she needs, gently rocking back and forth.
“It’s going to be okay,” he tells her, because if there’s one thing he’s learned, it’s that. “It’s not so dramatic.”
It verges on frantic, really. Tony knows he’s full of pent-up desire and he’s just praying Steve can handle it, handle how Tony hooks his wrists behind his neck and pulls them further into each other. Before long, the kiss turns wet and Steve lets Tony attack the velvet of his bottom lip with his teeth, biting and pulling harder and harder until he’s surprised he’s not drawing blood. Steve takes it though, takes it all and squirms underneath and he’s solid and insistent against the curve of Tony’s ass, a gift that he can’t wait to begin to unwrap.
Tony scowls, looking just like Morgan when he does. He jabs his elbow into Steve’s side before turning away, calling for Morgan to get out of the pool before she turns into a prune.
Yeah. Steve just needs a breather. When he looks over at how Tony sits down just beyond the barrier of too-close, he feels his chest release until the below-freezing wind chill is the only thing keeping him stiff.
He’s thought about it, deep in the recesses of his mind, on and off for so long. It’s never seemed like an option, and he thinks that it probably still isn’t, and Sam is just a terrible gossip.
It’s like looking into a funhouse mirror. Everything is wrong and distorted and all the more horrifying for how familiar and real it is. His reflection is hard and angry, carved from stone, and Steve knew this would happen.
So many thanks to everyone giving this a chance. I know the abundance of OC's might not make it an easy read, but I really appreciate anyone taking their time to read/drop kudos/comment/etc.
A part of him - the part that Clint teases him about, saying that he’s got a weirdly strong sense of morality and justice for a celebrity journalist - wants to explain that last bit to Pepper, but he doesn’t know how to. As certain as he is that nothing had
“Pretty sure whoever has the unfortunate job of being your publicist would disapprove of you referring to my ass in any context,” Steve says in an attempt to corral Tony and the conversation before it completely goes off the rails, but it’s a miserable failure as Tony takes a healthy swig of champagne while -
Relaying a series of events had been relatively easy, Steve realizes, as he tries to puzzle out the best way to explain himself. While he’d of course been cautious of whatever Tony’s reaction to his story was going to be, this is infinitely more difficult. He wants to make excuses for why he can’t, wants to tell some more half-truths, but Tony deserves more than that.
“Not yet,” he says, shaking his head and thinking of the two girls, with their long, straight black hair. They’re a few years apart and attached at the hip, and Serena can’t remember much of anything before Denise and the center, and her older sister isn’t much better. “Alexa thinks they’ve got a cousin who’d be willing, but she’s fuzzy on the details.”
Tony sighs and turns off the main highway. The road narrows, but the palms are just as tall and skinny. “Sometimes I think all that history was what held us together at the end. There's a lot of love there - don’t get me wrong. But if there’s one thing I’ve learned in life, it’s that love isn’t necessarily a deciding factor. Neither of us wanted to be alone for a while there. The last time we were apart - well, it didn’t go so hot.”
He doesn’t finish, but Steve gets it. He might be unofficially retired and better at going unnoticed than ever, but Tony is still Tony and the two of them together might garner too much attention.
“I’ve got insurance,” he says, halfway to friendly teasing. “And sprinklers. You couldn’t do any real damage.”
Steve runs a thumb along a chip in the white ceramic, rough unpolished texture catching along the edge of a barely-noticeable hangnail. “I don’t know,” he finds himself saying.
“You looked good in the tux,” Tony says, like it’s nothing, like it’s not an expensive outfit that Steve knows will fit him like a glove if he could stand to open it long enough to actually consider putting it on again. “I told you. You look good in blue.”
“She helped remind me of something,” he says, looking at the road. With every mile the car eats up, it’s less time with Tony, and he’s dreading leaving him. “About how important people are, and how important it is to tell them what they mean to us.”
Only his desk phone rings as soon as he jiggles the mouse to get rid of the generic nature slideshow screensaver, and he picks it up out of habit, jamming the handset between his ear and shoulder without paying any attention to the caller ID.
They slip away from the crowd as soon as the ceremony ends, and Tony’s got no idea how no one stops them. The rest of the team is going to kill them afterward - minus Thor, who always seems to exhilarate in the random medals they’re awarded for every little thing they do - but it’s worth the way Steve points him down the street with a warm hand to his back.
“Of course I remember,” Tony says, and for a split second, Steve would swear he looks hurt, only that doesn’t make any sense. Offended, Steve decides. Tony must be playfully offended. “We didn’t drink that much.” His eyes crinkle around the corners, narrowed yet friendly. “I didn’t. Maybe you did. Did you?”
“I feel like I know you,” Tony says, and there it is, that bleeding heart of his, the one that got him killed in the end.
