“Tony, how long have you had her? A couple of hours? Babies are super temperamental. The littlest thing could set her off.” He said simply, cocking a brow.
Tony thinks about being a dad.
“Fine. We’ll alternate. It’s your turn next time.” Steve said simply, scooching past Tony and walking into the nursery. Thankfully, Steve had thought ahead and purchased a changing table, which he had customized with little prancing unicorns around the base. “I’m gonna change your little tush, and then we’ll have lunch and you can meet some of our friends.” Steve singsonged at her, tickling her tummy. Ellie squirmed in his hold, eyes twinkling with happiness.
“Hi! I’m Alexa. I’m the door girl for right now. You’re…” she paused to look at a slip of paper taped to the edge of the desk. “The Stark’s right?” she asked, head snapping up curiously. The pair looked at each other, then back down. Steve nodded in affirmation and her smile returned. “Okay! It’s my job to take you to Ms. Honey. She’s making lunch. C’mon.” Alexa easily hopped out of the chair and trotted past several doors with a hop in her step. “Ms. Honey! The Starks are here!” Alexa called in a peppy, singsong voice, entering a large kitchen while passing various kids zipping by with toys and a few sitting at the kitchen table. A woman with long brown hair speckled with gray strands, looked up from the stove, holding a spoon in one hand. She turned and smiled, setting the spoon on the counter.
“Thanks babe. You got up pretty early huh?” Tony asked, standing on his tiptoes to grab a mug. He put in a k cup and started the machine. Steve leaned against the arm of the couch
(See the end of the chapter for
“Linguistics and Military science major with a minor in mathematics. If you wanted to know, I would have been happy to tell you.” Marcellina said, shutting the screen door gently behind her and taking a seat on an adjacent bench. Steve shot up at the quick voice, suddenly tense. “Don’t worry. I like that you did your research. Shows you care. And of course, because you’re Tony Stark you’d be able to find out those kinds of things.” Carefully, she reaches into her back pocket to take out a set of keys. She tosses them to Steve. “That’s the key to the storage unit with my parent’s belongings in it. It’s no bigger than a closet, but I kept the things that I think remind Ellie of home the most. I want her to grow up with her heritage and her identity.” She sighs and leans back to close her eyes for a moment. “Ask whatever you want.”
“Aw, El, don’t cry.” Steve comforted, wiping her tears with his thumb and setting the small plate in front of her with a cut-up slice of cheese pizza. She immediately quieted down, reaching for the fork and picking at the squares awkwardly and leaning forward to put them into her mouth.
Steve thinks about being a dad and being with his best friend again.
Chapter 7: I'll Come Back
Thanks for reading another chapter! We're getting close to the good stuff, and then I can start adding in more characters. However, it'll be a couple more before Peter, and a bit before Bucky. I finally got around to making a tumblr that was marvel themed! Yay! Because of that, I have chosen to add little chapter additions that will only be on my tumblr. They won't be imperative to the story, it'll be more like a little post-credit scene of extra fluff or something, that way you don't have to read it if you don't want to. The tag I'm going to use for information about the story (I'm going to be posting a whole timeline and explaining the stories I've chosen to write that will eventually branch out from this one) as well as these little postcredit scene-esque additions will be #hmhthecall in case you miss an excerpt and it ends up lost in stuff I'm reblogging.
“Right.”
Tony kicked off his shoes and sighed deeply. He ran a hand over his face as he headed into the kitchen, grabbing a water bottle and going straight for his bedroom. It had to be past 4 AM. Birds were chirping away outside, but the sun hadn’t begun to rise. Tony sauntered down the hall, to the master bedroom, smelling heavily of oil. Splotches of antifreeze decorated his hands and as well as his face, but he paused when he heard gentle music playing lowly from the nursery.
Tony panted, running a hand down his face. He had started to sweat. “Yeah...yeah, kid I’m fine.”
Steve’s sensitive ears easily picked up the sounds of rustling blankets and the quiet snuffles coming from beneath the duvet. He shot up, blue eyes snapping open in panic when he realized he and Tony had fallen asleep after their heartfelt moment. He looked down and saw the squirming lump beneath the blanket and couldn't help the playful smile coming onto his face.
“I see Ellie has captivated you.” A sudden light voice caught their attention. Ms. Honey held the hand of a short-haired boy, George, and a girl with little buns on either side of her head, Susan. Steve smiled sheepishly and nodded. Quickly, she shooed them off to play for a moment and walked over to the cribs and easily scooped Ellie up in her arms.“This is Eleanor, but we call her Ellie. Can you say hi Ellie?” The girl grinned and gave them a quick hand flap as a wave as Ms. Honey bounced her on her hip. Ms. Honey sat down, setting Ellie on her knee, and the baby attempted to stand up in her lap, grinning widely and babbling. “Ellie’s parents passed away a few months ago. Luckily, she has an older sister, who took care of her until she graduated from college and joined the Marines. She didn’t really have anyone to care for Ellie...and she ended up here. She’s very well behaved and always loves to be the center of attention. If you catch her on a good day, she’ll sing and dance to just about anything you put on, and most days are her good days. She can be energetic, but she loves to sleep, and she’ll sleep all day if you let her.” Ellie had focused herself on one of the buttons on Ms. Honey’s t-shirt, playing with it between her chubby little fingers. “If you’d like, you’ve got about…” she pauses and looks at the duck shaped clock on the wall “30 minutes until they have to go down for their nap.” The pair looked at each other. Tony saw the pleading look in Steve’s eyes and melted without even exchanging a word. “If she isn’t what you’re looking for, there’s always Francis, Susan, or George.”
"All right, no counseling, then." Don coughed, an oddly hesitant little sound that Steve couldn't imagine coming from Thor. "You need to wait several days before..." he glanced at Steve, then away, "engaging in any sexual, um, activities."
"So, as far as dates go, how has this one been so far?" he asked, trying for a casual, joking tone.
This wasn't the  old Avengers, so when Tony didn't turn up at the breakfast table, Danny  Rand had taken his seat, and no had commented on it except Jarvis, who  had frowned and sent a tray down to Tony's office.  No one had commented  on the fact that Danny was wearing one of Luke's t-shirts and Jessica  Jones's bathrobe, either.  It was probably time they all stopped  pointedly not commenting and just got him his own chair.
Tony closed his eyes and stepped forward into Steve's solid, leather-clad mass, wrapping his arms around Steve as tightly as he could. He'd thought he was prepared to give Steve up when the time came. He'd been wrong.
Maybe she wouldn’t need them anymore with Chthon sealed up again.
Sin's snake-themed neo-Nazis didn't share his qualms about using lethal force.  Two of them opened fire on him, and Sam had only a split-second's warning as the man he was fighting suddenly jerked and twitched in his grasp to fling his arm up and deploy one hard-light wing as a shield.
Jan stared at him for a moment, unsure if he was actually implying what she thought he was implying. Surely no one could possibly believe that Steve's death had been staged, not when it had been on national television.
"They're coming," Rhodey's waiter was whimpering. "They're coming. Do you know what they're going to do to me? I can't let them. I can't!"
"You put me to sleep," she said slowly, remembering.
Nosebleeds were far less disturbing, he decided. And he'd started to have the same panicky reaction to losing contact with the Extremis that he did to arguing with Steve. What the hell was wrong with him?
"The Scarlet Witch has just rejoined the Avengers," Ben said slowly, "after nearly two years where no one heard so much as a whisper about her. The Avengers Mansion was destroyed by Kang and Ultron, and then she was simply gone, with no explanation. A lot of our readers thought she was dead, possibly one of the mutants who were killed when the so-called M-Day event happened. Now she's back, and at the same time, thousands of mutants around the world have regained their powers. The X-Men have refused to answer any questions about the phenomenon. I'm hoping you'll be a little more forthcoming."
"Actually, it's Mrs. Watson-Parker," MJ's voice was dry. Then she looked up, her eyes meeting Peter's. "Peter! There you are. Is everyone all right?"
He probably blamed Steve for Tony's absence, for once not entirely without reason.
"Stay away from her," he snarled. "If you're even telling the truth, which I doubt." Loki had not been called the Father of Lies for nothing; she lied as easily as she breathed. And threats against a conveniently absent Sif were exactly the sort of bluff she would make.
"Jackson Pollock's paintings aren't supposed to mean anything or be some kind of incomprehensible political statement. That's the whole point. Plus, he did interesting things with fluid dynamics."
Wanda made a choking sound, glancing quickly at Tony and then away.
Jan wondered how he felt about the fact that Wanda was about to get off that plane. Things had been awkward with them, since Vision had been disassembled and rebuilt, so awkward that their marriage had fallen apart, and even though Vision had regained the ability to feel emotion, he had claimed that he was over Wanda, that their marriage was a thing of the past. Jan sincerely doubted that was actually true, but with Vision, it was sometimes hard to tell. He had the best poker face of anyone she had ever met.
"I've had relationships that consisted of nothing but ill-advised sex," he said, deliberately light, as if Vision's all-too-present ghost weren't suddenly filling the room. The smile he forced took effort, but the momentary twitch of Wanda's lips made it worth it. "They were fun. Well, some of them were."
Strange marshaled his thoughts, seeking the degree of mental clarity that would be necessary for a working powerful enough to seal the incipient breach between realities and drive the fraction of Chthon's essence trapped before the high altar back where it belonged. Chthon was likely using the destabilization of magical energies caused by the spear to keep a toe-hold in this world, relying on the thinness of the dimensional barriers here to make it possible.
Too much blood.   Even when he pulled the shirt aside, he couldn’t tell how deep the stab wound in Tony’s left side was – the blood obscured everything, welling up again instantly every time he tried to wipe it away.  He caught a flash of white the second time and his stomach lurched as he recognized bone.
Hank picked up his empty glass. "Aren't we supposed to be playing this stupid game? Who's turn is it?"
ooOOoo
Hill was looking at him with pity. He could feel it.
Tony was staring at him, droplets of water glistening on the ends of his eyelashes. Steve realized that he was leaning in so close to Tony that their foreheads were nearly touching, that his hand had somehow gone from Tony's bare shoulder to the side of his face. He felt his own face heat as he abruptly became very aware that Tony was naked, that he himself was half-way there.
“Then you didn’t have a choice.”
That was always such a satisfying move to perform, Steve reflected. Dangerous to use on anyone who didn't share Hyde's enhanced durability, though; if his shield collided with someone's face at the wrong angle, it could drive bone fragments into their brain and kill them.
Agatha's house had been a sanctuary for Wanda once; she had learned so much there, and Agatha had been there for her through her marriage, her pregnancy, through losing the twins, losing Vision.
He was probably going to go hide in the basement lab, where he would stay holed up for hours, not emerging until either Steve, Pepper, or Jarvis dragged him out.
. I want it destroyed." She surprised herself with how intensely she meant it.
"Is there anything we can do to help you guys out?" he heard himself asking. "I'm guessing you didn't call just to share gossip."
"I don't know if that's better or worse than thinking I tripped over my own shield," Steve went on, belatedly realizing that after Kathy Dare, the ex-girlfriend who had shot him in the spine and then tried to avoid attempted murder charges by claiming that he'd abused her, Tony might not find that kind of joke funny.
He was too tired for this right now, shaky, disconnected, still feeling like he’d been put together wrong. Tony flexed his fingers, trying to collect himself. He hated being this weak in front of Steve; everything else aside, Steve didn't like being reminded that he was damaged goods.
Her eyes were still tearing up as she rounded the first corner and nearly ran smack into a dark-clothed man with an assault rifle.
"I had one. You have no idea how many ways there are for something with that many tiny, moving parts to break." Before Tony could offer the inevitable reply that he knew exactly how many ways there were and start listing them to prove it, she went on, "and I was supposed to be at Strange's sanctum sanctorum at one for a lesson. He can never be bothered to be on time for anything, but woe betide the rest of us if we keep him waiting."
He didn't like the extra delay, but he ducked into the bathroom to throw a few handfuls of water on his face and rinse out his mouth. As soon as he saw himself in the mirror, he realized that Sam had been right; there was a wide smear of blood across his chin and the right side of his face, and his teeth were red.
"Other people's desserts never have calories," Jan said, cheerfully, "it's a rule."
"Steve," he said, surprise clear in his voice.
She narrowed her eyes. "I thought you were infallible and nearly omnipotent."
"Don't assume that," Steve told him. "It could be from anywhere. And snake venom is just a guess."
"I set myself up for it pretty well, though." He smiled at Steve, the kind of smile that had no real humor in it.
"You could say that," Tony admitted, with a smile he didn't feel. Mind control was not something he particularly wanted to talk about right now, but Clint was clearly worried about something.
"So do I." Though since magic or something like it had given him back Steve, and brought Clint and Thor back as well, it might be worth rethinking that stance.
The cat was, in fact, staring at him. It was sitting on the floor a foot or so away from the couch, unblinking blue gaze fixed on Rhodey.
The words just slipped out, Steve wishing even as he said them that he could take them back. Tony's half-hidden face in the first photograph drew his eyes again, and for a moment, he could almost see the slightly blurry video footage of his own motionless body, and hear Tony's voice, low and broken. "
Tony made a choked-off pain noise when the plug went in, and his hand sprang open, dropping the cable. His back arched, and the fingers of his other hand dug into the arm of Steve's couch, white with tension. The room's other lamp flickered, dimming perceptibly for a moment.
"Oh, and you two should probably stand back a couple of feet," Tony added.
"So how's that new car of yours working out?" Tony asked, as the two of them stepped smoothly into a turn. He was getting the hang of this not-leading thing. Another couple songs, and it might not even take effort. "I had doubts about some of the design elements, but I figured you would want the higher horsepower."
"Steve, it took me half an hour to find the bug your ex-sidekick left in our closet. It was
Agatha was between Wanda and the door. The only way out of the room was though her. Unless... they were on the first floor. Outside the window, it was only a three-foot drop into Agatha's flowerbeds.
Steve's lips twitched, but he didn't smile. "You can critique my dating skills some time when you're not bleeding all over our new kitchen floor," he told Barnes. He set the first aid kit on the table with a thump, and flipped it open, pulling out hydrogen peroxide and a roll of gauze. "This kit isn't equipped to handle serious injuries. I think we should-"
, whatever it was, was not only not her aunt, but evil. Evil and unimaginably ancient.
"Have you seen this?" The living-room door slammed open, and Jan strode into the room, the clack of her heels loud and angry on the wooden floor. She flourished a copy of TIME magazine at them, holding it so that the cover was clearly visible; inside the traditional red border was a press photo of the Avengers, taken just after Thor had rejoined the team. "Did you know about it? Damn it, Tony, you're supposed to give the entire team a say in any press releases we put out."
searched for signs that Sin was telling the truth about her father's presence. Repeatedly.
"That is not the part that need concern you, however." Thor stepped away from Jan, moving to Tony's side and placing one massive hand on his shoulder. "My friend, you must take great care not to engage in any... amorous activities with any man so long as this spell endures. In order to ensure the success of his scheme, Loki laid a trap within his spell to ensure that my womb would quicken the very first time I lay with him."
Looking at him now, Steve found himself unable to move, unable to think of anything to say. He wasn't sure whether he ought to apologize for the trauma he'd helped inflict on Tony, or be relieved that the pregnancy - and the attendant threat to Tony's health - was over.
Steve wished he could. "Yes," he said. "They've both been affected." First Tony and then Jan, and there was nothing he could do to remedy it. By the time the Avengers had gotten the call, they would have already been exposed. "I don't- I don't know what it's doing to them."
The building shuddered perceptibly as Jan stopped leaning her weight against the damaged wall, and Carol held her breath; if Tony said it would hold, it would probably hold, but the first few moments after the building settled felt very long. Thirty feet between the civilians and a potential collapse would be enough to save lives, but it was a narrow enough safety margin to be risky. People would get hurt, if Tony hadn't judged this properly, or if some unseen bit of damage made his calculations useless.
about people; it was what he did.
"It's good to be back." Wanda closed her book, keeping a finger between the pages to mark her place. "I was so far away from myself for so long that when I look back at what I was doing, what I was thinking, it doesn't even seem like me. It wasn't all me, I know that now - some of it was Immortus - but I think I lost my way before that. First I lost the- the twins, and then Vision, and then I even lost control of my powers." She set the book to one side and pulled her bare feet up onto her chair, tucking one foot under her and wrapping her arms around her knee. "And then Immortus... I know it's not as bad as what happened to Carol, as what Marcus did to her, but it was still a, a kind of violation."
Steve sighed. "I'll go get a wrench."
"I knew you were insane," Hank said, "but you can't actually think-"
"You'd hit on him," Rhodey interrupted. "Yeah, we got that."
"Which is why you answer your email and run virus scans on your armor while we're in bed together." Steve turned away, stripping off his sweat-soaked shirt, and tossed it onto a weight bench.
And he was saved once more. "It was ages ago, when Tony was on the west coast after the drinking, back when Rhodey was wearing the armor." Hank had been out there too, in his first attempt at hanging up the costume and just being a scientist, and Tigra. And Bobbi. "Tony and Rhodey got into an argument while Rhodey was fighting some supervillain, and Rhodey socked him one. Or anyway, that's what the Witch told me; she's the one who tried to break them up."
Tony's lips twitched.  "Clubbing tends to involve more sex and recreational drug use."
Once she was out of sight of the cathedral, she started to walk faster.
"I'd like to get some sleep first, if you and Wong don't mind putting me up for the night. Or, well, the day."
Steve leaned in and kissed him.
"It doesn't matter." Tony waved a hand dismissively. "Indres didn't lie about-" he broke off, then said, "It is true, you know it is. Even Jan just wanted a distraction from everything that had happened with Hank. Even if I hadn't told her about being Iron Man, it wouldn't have lasted. She can do better."
"Well, no. Do you think you could get Dr. Strange to come help us out?"
"He feels... there's an aura around him, something familiar. Not Chthon," Wanda hastened to add, before any of the others could suggest it. "Something warmer, sharper." She studied Strange more closely, looking past the bandages and pallor and the tired lines around his eyes to the faint hum of magic that still clung to him. The feel of it brought back a vivid memory of standing at the high altar of St. Margaret's, fingers clenched tightly around the brass altar rail that had been the only thing keeping her on her feet.
Steve blinked, and his attempt to slip sideways and let Tony's left-handed jab slide past him yet again did not quite succeed. "No?" he said, absorbing the blow and squaring off to deliver a few more of his own.
"I don't think he'll hold it against you." Steve hadn't quite started sulking when the projected arrival time had gone by without Tony putting in an appearance, but that was probably because he and Clint had been busy arguing over something. Jan hadn't bothered to pay attention to what, because it had been incredibly petty, and only the two of them had actually cared about it.
Steve let go, backing off a step, and watched as Tony visibly struggled for words.
ooOOoo
It did nothing, of course. She moved almost too quickly for Steve's eyes to follow, knocking the arrow from the air with a swirl of her heavy cloak.
She'd lived in this small village, at the foot of Mount Wundgadore, for her whole life. But how could she have? It didn't make sense; she didn't know any of these people, didn't even remember the names of the streets.
Wanda winced almost imperceptibly, but nodded.  “I knew she would be.  Chthon began modifying me to be his avatar before I was born, and she didn’t even have any powers, or innate magical ability.  Channeling that much chaos power through her body would have destroyed her.”
It hadn't even occurred to him how painful it must have been for Wanda to have a teammate who was pregnant. Especially, considering how difficult it had been for her to conceive, one who didn't want to be pregnant and wasn't planning on keeping the baby.
Professor Xavier had confessed that he felt partially to blame for M-Day, that he had let his sentimental attachment to an old friend's child prevent him from stepping in when he should have. Most of his proposed solutions had chilled Tony even further than the thought of killing Wanda in cold blood had. Better true death than the sort of 'merciful' living death Xavier had proposed.
"Posed too much of a challenge. He doesn't like 'worthy opponents' who then refuse his patronizing offers to join him and help conquer the world as his loyal minions." Tony's mind was only partly on the conversation, most of his attention focused on simply enjoying Steve's presence.
It was unfair of him to doubt that, to worry that having her returned to them this way was too easy, too much of a relief, to come without a price.
Steve blinked. He'd expected more of a reaction when he finally worked up the courage to say the words. Maybe Tony hadn't noticed. "Yes," he agreed. "You are being stupid." He let go of Tony, standing, the memory of those hours spent watching Tony lie there motionless suddenly crashing down on him. "You- I was afraid you weren't coming back."
"Tony!" Steve shouted, raising his voice to be heard over the sound of Tony's blacksmith work.
Steve might be capable of prolonged sulking fits and epic cases of missing the point, but he didn't wallow in guilt or self-pity.
She vanished mid-word, and Sam was suddenly alone was alone in a room full of cold, damp fog that reeked of wood smoke and old ice.
She turned and saw them then, and her face, so eerily similar to Sif's, contorted in a sneer. "I see my darling brother is too busy to speak to me, and sends his mortal companions in his stead. Unless..." her eyes went to Don, and her sneer shifted to something more amused, a sort of contemptuous smirk. "The little doctor. It's always such a pleasure to see you, brother, whatever form you hold, but I cannot fathom your attraction to this fragile mortal shell. It doesn't become you."
Tony had actually been the first of them to figure out that something was wrong, insisting with tear in his eyes that something was controlling him, that someone or something had done something to him and made him drunk.
Tony shook his head, unsure how to respond. Hank wouldn't have been able to help him stop drinking, even if he'd tried. Rhodey hadn't been able to.
"Sorry about that." And now it was Clint's turn to be awkward. "I was pretty confused those first couple of months back. The only part I really remember was trying to hunt down the Witch, to see if I could get her to tell me what she'd done. Why she killed me. Why she brought me back."
The nurse smiled at them, his broad, freckled face pleasant.  It was a real smile, not a polite or practiced one, and the knot in Steve’s stomach hurt just a little less.
She took back almost everything she'd thought or said about having Wanda back on the team.
"A crazy woman stabbed me with a salad fork." Clint flinched as Don started dripping some kind of clear fluid that burned like hell into the arrow-wound. "Then, after I took the fork away from her, she grabbed one of my arrows and stabbed me with that. Of course, that was after she'd already stabbed the Falcon, so at least I'm not the only one who looks really lame." Now that he thought of it, why wasn't
Iron Man had never dropped anyone yet.  Not accidentally, anyway.
He heard the whine of Clint's arrow and the clang of it hitting metal and had an instant to brace himself for the crackle of electricity. It didn't come; there was a sharp shock of static, and the tentacles released him abruptly.
He wasn’t sure how long he’d essentially hidden in Wanda’s room before Nick had come and personally dragged him off to be debriefed, or how long said debriefing had taken, but it felt as if he’d been on the helicarrier for hours.  Days.  There'd been a prepared media statement from SHIELD and a press conference somewhere in there, too, with more slanted questions about superpowers and public safety than he'd been able to listen to right now.  By the time he’d made his way back to the infirmary, Tony had been out of surgery.
Tony glanced down at his watch again. It was exactly two minutes later than the last time he'd checked it. "Do think Strange really is on to something this time? He's been meditating on it for a month."
"Yes," Steve answered, without hesitation, and threw a punch at Tony.
Tony, eyes still closed, turned his face into the touch, and Steve realized suddenly how close they were standing. Tony was only inches away. All he had to do was lean down a little and-
It seemed like an eternity passed before one of the nurses came to speak to them.
"Actually," Wanda said, "I'm staying, too. Or at least, I was thinking of staying, if it won't cause too much trouble, to keep working on this. I'm sorry, Tony. I've been studying chaos magic on my own, but I haven't had anyone to teach me since Agnes. I have much better control over my powers than I used to, but I know I'm not doing as much as I could. I should be able to fix you."
"Oh, thanks a lot." Rhodey sighed. "You're sure Spiderman wouldn't be willing to help?"
Maybe that one actually
For a long moment, Tony said nothing, and Steve's stomach sank even further.
"Why would you-" he started, and then felt a chill as he remembered Tony's face that night on the Helicarrier, when Steve had accused him of being suicidal.
It always felt like she ought to be banging a gavel on the table when she said that, though the current team line-up was much less prone to shouting fights and arm-wrestling matches in the conference room than some.
This chapter contains a discussion of (mind-control induced) dub-con.
He would never get used to that unmarred perfection, no matter how often he saw it, touched it. Never get tired of it, either. The memory of the gaping wound in Steve's stomach, strangely bloodless in the autopsy photos, the better to reveal the blackened power burns around it, was going to be in his dreams forever. It was there even when he was awake, sometimes, a ghostly overlay when he looked at Steve. It didn't happen as often, anymore, but like the memory of Happy's face the last time he had seen him – black and purple and completely unrecognizable, and totally absent of any life, the sound of his heart monitor a cruel mockery in Tony's ears – he knew it would never leave him entirely.
Jan surveyed the table, noting the fact that Steve and Tony were sitting as far away from one another as they could and refusing to meet one another's eyes. She thought the two of them had made up and gotten over their differences - they'd been spending time together off duty, and Steve had finally, blessedly, stopped sulking for the first time in over a year - but apparently not. That, or something new had come up.
she was. She'd insisted on coming with them, as had Clint, but both of them were hanging back, following slowly behind the others as if they'd rather be anywhere else.
He couldn't protect them both from Sin and the potential threat of Red Skull and also lead the Avengers, and he'd already made his choice about which responsibility came firSt. That didn't make the idea of letting them face her on their own, of being only the back-up, called in 'if they needed him,' any easier.
"I'll  go put on a shirt that doesn't have oil stains on it," Tony said,  making it sound like the concession it was.  Disheveled and  grease-stained was a good look on him, and he knew it.
"As long as he's pregnant, Tony can't safely be returned to his true form," Wanda said, finally. "He's stuck as a woman right now. And the longer he stays this way, the harder it will be to change him back."
Regardless, he wasn't going to miss the opportunity to boost circulation with front page pictures of Captain America's wedding, and neither was any other major news outlet. It was enough to make Tony seriously consider eloping to Vegas, except that a) Steve would refuse and b) Jan and Jarvis would both kill him.
When Steve entered the infirmary, Tony was buttoning his shirt and casting longing glances at the door. When he saw Steve standing in the doorway, he stiffened, the expression in his eyes shifting from impatient to trapped.
He'd only just managed to break a sweat, knuckles not even sore yet, when the gym door opened and Hank ducked in.
She sighed. "You know I shouldn't be doing this, but I get the feeling it will be easier for all of us if I just give in now. If you follow me, I'll take you to them."
For a moment, Steve wasn't sure if he wanted to comfort Tony, or shake him — he hated hearing that particular dull note in Tony's voice. He almost reached out to lay a hand on Tony's shoulder, but thought better of it. Tony was holding himself stiffly, his shoulders hunched forward slightly, and didn't look as if he'd welcome a casual touch.
A flight attendant was pushing a cart down the aisle toward her, collecting all the passengers' trash. When she reached Wanda, the woman gave her a bright, false smile. "Thank you," Wanda said, passing her the mostly-empty plastic cup, and the woman blinked.
," Tony interrupted. "I haven't touched the damn thing despite how much easier it would make getting through the work day or how much it means to our ability to monitor Chthon's effect in the city. You said my word was good enough for you, so stop asking!"
“Don-“ he croaked.  "You’re walking.  Is your leg-“
"What about my heart?" he asked Hank. "And, well, everything else."
Steve had always been able to beat Tony in unarmed combat, but previously, Steve's only real advantage had been skill and training. It hadn't exactly been a fair fight, but it had been close to one. He hadn't truly thought about the difference Tony's new smaller size would make, or rather, he had thought about it, but only in terms of how it would affect Tony's fighting abilities, not how much easier it would make it for Steve to seriously hurt him.
"In terms of horrible things your exes have done to you, talking you into doing that to your hair was only marginally less horrible than Kathy Dare shooting you." Jan almost sounded as if she meant it.
"I don't
Then there was a bright flare of light in front of Sin's face, and she shrieked in rage, firing her gun wildly into the air, where Jan had been a moment ago.
Chthon's will slammed against his cracking shields like a wall of water pounding against a crumbling dam, forcing its way through the cracks and
Everyone on the East Coast knew. Hank had been assuming that Tony had kept it a secret from absolutely everyone, planning to quietly arrange for an abortion and pretend it never happened. "If you didn't want me working changing you back any longer, you could have just told me," he said quietly.
Brutal honesty, Carol had learned, was a lot easier to dish out than it was to listen to.
He'd been completely worn out by it yesterday afternoon, when Steve had found him lying on the bed in the dark, obviously suffering from another headache. This time, it had been bad enough that he'd actually confessed to overdoing it and agreed to talk to Maya.
They made it another fifteen feet down the hall, Sam on his left and Carol and Jan in the lead, before six men came charging out of the special exhibit space, brandishing a mismatched collection of rifles and handguns.
No response.  Steve didn’t dare take his hands from the wound to touch Tony’s face or check his pulse, so instead he leaned down until his forehead was nearly touching Tony’s and listened for the sound of his breathing.  The thumping noise of helicopter rotors drowned out everything else, but he could feel Tony’s breath against his face.
Hank was having good luck with his research — amazingly good luck, if this gene thing was actually as big a discovery as Hank thought it was — and didn't have any immediate plans to hand it over to the government or build killer robots with it, and whatever was wrong with Tony, it wasn't the near-disaster that would utterly shatter Cap and destroy the team that Clint had been afraid of.
Why had she slept with him? She had liked him, yes, maybe even been drawn to him; he had been very friendly, and certainly not unattractive. But somehow she didn't think of herself as the kind of person who had sex with strange men just to be friendly. She hadn't done it before, had she?
"I can't say for sure, but my guess is that the main worry for small children would be less the psychological effects and more the toxicity; they've got so much less mass, and..." Hank trailed off, suddenly wearing a look Peter knew he'd had on his own face more than a few times. It was the look of a man who'd just been struck by the blindingly obvious.
Redwing had grabbed the spear in his talons, and he was so much smaller than Strange – what would it do to Sam, if Redwing-
"After sexing me up."
"Maybe I should have," Peter said. "Maybe I was just being a wuss and ignoring my responsibilities. Reed and Tony didn't hesitate."
"Nay," he said, "I would hear them from your lips."
This one had been taken at the museum showing the week before last, a close-up of himself and Tony. They were standing only inches apart, Tony frozen in the act of smoothing down Steve's tie. "Steve Rogers and Tony Stark share an intimate moment at the opening of a Metropolitan Museum of Art special exhibit," the caption read, but the words, and their implications, were unnecessary. The picture alone was damning enough.
Somewhere behind them, the musicians began playing again.
Tony forced himself to look away from Maya and Deodato, down at the laptop he'd brought with him, and pulled up visual and numerical representations of the electromagnetic emissions given off by the teleportation equipment Sin had used at the museum. It was familiar — the combination of high and low band frequencies was something he had seen before — and he'd been meaning to break it down and study it for over a day now, but instead had spent most of yesterday afternoon curled into a useless ball, first in the desk chair in his office, and then, after Thor had left and Pepper had threatened to call Steve to come and get him if he didn't leave as well, in bed at the Mansion.
"I had an appointment scheduled next week to accomplish essentially this," Tony said flatly. "I'm fine."
He had been wearing one of his old lab coats, his hair uncombed and the lower half of his face covered in blond stubble, looking every bit the scruffy, abstracted scientist he'd been when Jan had first seen him in her father's lab. Hank had no idea how cute he looked when he was all fired up with the joy of scientific discovery; numerous attempts to inform him of the fact had never seemed to penetrate.
They saw the traffic jam first.  Cars were backed up for blocks around Times Square, a solid mass of metal and red and white head and taillights.  Up ahead, news helicopters were circling above the general vicinity of Broadway and 42nd Street, filming what they could in the last few minutes before twilight.
"That's not funny," Clint muttered. "And I do not!"
Daredevil had heard whispering in the cathedral, before Chthon had influenced a previously law-abiding man into attacking Strange. Wanda had said that she could feel both Chthon and the magic in the book trying to speak to her because of her powers, but magical ability didn't seem to be necessary.
"If you wanted to try and get out of sparring with me," Steve said, trying to make his voice light, and failing miserably, "all you had to do was ask."
"It looks like that didn't work out well," Cap said, dryly. Behind him, Jan slipped into the room, shutting the door behind her. She was in street clothes, too, the three-inch heels of her boots somehow nearly silent on the tiled floors.
"Who knew your checkered medical history would turn out to be so useful?"
"Tony."  Steve's voice came out harsher than he'd intended, his fingers tightening on Tony's shoulders.  "What the hell do you think you're-"
"Great," Clint sighed. He didn't look comforted; Tony had the feeling his words hadn't been helpful. "So I'm a date-rape victim. Why does that not make me feel better?"
He looked... tired, but otherwise all right.
"I know," Tony said again. "I promise I'll keep you updated on anything that might affect breaking the curse from now on." He stood, edging away from the examining table and toward the door and Steve. "I've got… I don't even want to think about how much work I have to catch up on. I walked straight out of a meeting with federal officials. I hope Dr. Avison was able to keep them distracted; I'm not sure she's ever going to forgive me."
Carol made a little half-laughing sound, either disgusted or amused or both. Clint couldn't tell which. "Then I can promise you, you didn't take advantage of her. If she put the whammy on you, even subconsciously, then she must have wanted it."
"It makes people hallucinate," Cap said. "Things so bad that they started stabbing each other with silverware and jumping out tenth storey windows to get away."
The press was going to eat them both alive, Steve thought. And then,
She started for the elevator, heels clacking loudly on the tile floor. "We've isolated all of the poisoning victims, since the paramedics said they were violent. We've had to restrain several of them."
Tony nodded, his eyes closing for a second, and Steve moved his hand up a little higher, sliding it over the rough edge of his t-shirt until his fingers were resting against Tony's bare skin. Underneath his palm, the tendons in Tony's neck were rigid with tension.
"You sound like Jessica," Carol muttered. "I know it wasn't her fault," she repeated, more calmly this time. "Cap told me. Tony told me. Simon and Jessica told me. Clint told me. Even Wanda told me. And then Clint... Chthon hurt her, while he was in her head. Used her body to do things. It's not her fault. It's ours, for not stopping it."
"We know, Tony," Wanda sighed. "Trust me, we know." She gave Tony an apologetic little half-smile. He didn't smile back.
Clint ran a hand through his hair and shook his head. "Oh man, I am really not prepared to deal with this. Forget forty-eight hours; I'm calling Cap now."
"Huh," Tony said. "I dated him too, after the Rolling Stone thing. I think I actually met him when I was there for the photoshoot."
"Oh, come on. It can't be that bad."
To lose all of that so suddenly, along with his home and the woman he had loved; Steve didn't know anyone who would be in good shape after that.
Jessica and Simon had been the first of Carol's lovers in a long time whom she could allow herself to get a little rough with, whom she didn't have to worry about accidentally hurting, but there were more ways to hurt someone than simply leaving too many bruises during over-enthusiastic sex.
Thor arched his back, twisted his hips, and threw Loki off him, sending her sprawling nearly at Wanda's feet.
"He'd say he was fine and lie about it." Which was slightly unfair to Tony, but not by much. He'd managed to hide both a serious heart condition and a steadily worsening drinking problem from the team for months, and back when they'd been on the West Coast, he'd spent all his time hiding behind something mechanical and pretending he was perfectly okay, all the while not meeting anyone's eyes and completely ignoring his hair, beard, clothing, and all the other details of physical appearance and grooming Tony usually devoted what had to be tons of time and money to — he spent more on haircuts alone than Clint spent on archery equipment.
Tony checked his watch. It was a quarter to six, which meant that if he wanted to be out of the building in time to meet Steve in Manhattan at seven, he would have to leave pretty much immediately. And so would Pepper. "How long were you going to make me wait before you told me that I was about to be late?" he asked.
He'd sworn once that he wasn't going to lose Tony again, not to the Mandarin or some other villain, and not to the inside of his own head. But now, Steve was helpless to do anything to stop that, not when he wasn't even sure Tony could hear him.
when he was done with it. Or
Sin kicked Clint in the chest, sending him flying back nearly ten feet to land on his back.  She swung around, gesturing sharply with the spear again, and one of the giant concrete planters the city had installed down the center of the street lurched into the air.
"Steve wasn't involved in cloning you," Clint went on, knowing he was pushing it, but when didn't he push it? If it weren't for blind chance, Don probably would have walked right out of the hospital without letting any of them know he was there. "Hank screwed up big-time, so did Tony, but how many of us haven't?" He'd already had this conversation with Carol, but he felt it bore repeating. "You guys gave me a second shot, well, Cap did." And hopefully he'd give Clint a third shot when Clint told him about Wanda. Eventually. There were more immediate things to worry about right now. "Come on, if I just walk up there by myself and tell everyone you're back, they won't believe me." He paused. "Well, actually, they probably will. But that's not the point."
"Wasp, I have brought thee the substance with which our opponents sought to poison the city."
Don was not impressed. When one had been to Asgard, very little was truly impressive.
Jan waved a hand dismissively. "I'm sure you can find someone. If all else fails, you can ask Cap or the Falcon to do it."
Ben gave him a measuring look, the lines in his forehead deepening as he frowned speculatively, and Tony felt a slow, sinking sensation; that had been a stupid offer to make. You never gave a dedicated reporter an opening like that, even one whom you liked and trusted.
"I'll miss you, too." Tony's eyes were still closed, but he could hear the smile in Steve's voice. Steve leaned in and kissed him briefly, then pulled back, adding, "When you get back, we'll do this again, and I'll expect an actual challenge."
"Tony? Bobbi said you needed to talk to me?"
Half naked, he looked disconcertingly like a normal woman, just as he had when he'd first changed. The business suits and the armor did a lot to disguise the differences, but without them... Hank could see how Steve could have found him attractive. He wasn't beautiful, not the way Jan was, but then, no woman could survive any real comparison to Jan.
Tony gave up attempting to explain how innovative the device was — dimensional portal technology probably all looked the same to the untrained eye, anyway — and told her the abbreviated, journal-abstract version. "There's a characteristic instability in the energy signature that shows up only in high-energy physics equipment manufactured in Lemuria, China, and parts of the former Soviet Union, and judging by the energy signature and the fact the last Antarctic vibranium known to be in Lemurian hands was sold to Latveria, I'm ninety percent sure this device was built by Victor von Doom." Ripping off one of Reed Richard's designs, repurposing and improving it, and then pointedly using the result on Reed's home ground where he'd be sure to hear about it was also a strong indicator in favor of Doom, but it wasn't actually evidence. He told Hill and Sharon about the Latverian dignitaries who'd been given a tour of the Met instead.
"Mr. Byrne." She stood and extended her hand as the reporter reached their table. "We're so glad you could make it here this afternoon."
He gave Steve a second once-over, his eyes filling with heat. "You should let Jan pick out your clothing more often."
Surgery took time.  And Tony had been through worse, much worse.  This was nothing compared to being shot in the spine, or his first heart surgery.
These days, of course, he'd thrown away the ability to have even that. Forget sex or romance; he'd settle for just having Steve's friendship back. It had been a little better since that talk in the kitchen - Steve would actually speak to him about more than just official Avengers business now - but the trust and friendship that they'd once shared was broken, gone.
It grated to follow another's suggestions, but Doom did as she said and lowered his weapon. It was useless anyway. "Baldur's Bane will be mine. You lost any claim to it long ago."
Beside her, Gustave gestured impatiently at the building. Sin nodded sharply; they had delayed long enough.
There was a faint hint of apology in Tony's voice as he said, "If it was just my reputation and SE's stock points, I'd say to hell with it and just kiss you somewhere extremely public and get it over with. The tabloids have been speculating about me for years anyway."
"It sounds like you have things under control, Dr. Avison," Tony forced out. "Why don't you take our visitors to see..." what had he not shown them yet? There had to be something. "To see the filters in action."
Carol didn't – in fact, she made an effort to shut the front door as gently as possible, before flying away to find something acceptable to hit.
The elevator started to climb, and Steve glared at his distorted reflection in the polished metal doors and silently cursed at himself. He'd come down here hoping to make himself feel better, and maybe convince Tony to take a break long enough to eat dinner. "Good luck with that," he told himself. "You sure handled that one well, Rogers." Why did Tony have to be so stubborn? So infuriatingly flippant about his own well-being? So good at knowing exactly which buttons to push to turn what should have been a simple argument into something nasty?
"It sounds stupid, I know," Matt Murdock's voice was low, rough, the slightly nasal sound of working class New York Irish in it thick enough to cut with a knife. He had only the barest trace of accent in court, voice smoother and at least half an octave lighter – Strange had heard him speak when out of costume, and it was almost like listening to a completely different person. He would have applauded it as an effective trick to keep Daredevil's voice unrecognizable to people who knew him as Matt Murdock, but he suspected that Matt didn't even know he was doing it.
, fought to end the SHRA
"Chthon's one of the primal forces of the universe," Tony went on, as Carol and Clint turned to face him. "The best we can do is seal him up again. That's about all you can ever do, sometimes." His helmet angled slightly toward the ambulances then, and he added, almost to himself. "This shouldn't have happened."
"It did?" Don was visibly disappointed. "They were the only place that would still deliver here. And they had that carnivore special with five kinds of meat on it."
Wanda, laying out tarot cards on the part of the coffee table that wasn't covered in fluffs of purple down and crumbs of that styrofoamy stuff that filled the inside of quill shafts, shook her head. "He's afraid of the Dee manuscript. Redwing won't come in this part of the house, either."
And they were back to "Things Clint really didn't want to have to tell Cap right now."
Steve shook his head. He actually enjoyed watching fashion shows with Jan, under normal circumstances, but right now, all he wanted was to see Tony up close, to make certain that he was really all right. "I don't... I'm going to go check on Tony."
None of that made waiting uselessly every time the others went out to fight something any less nerve-wracking.
"Oh, thanks!" Steve called after her. The he brought the phone to his ear. Clint was still speaking - he had, Steve guessed, not stopped since Jan had picked the phone up, and probably didn't realize that she was no longer on the line. "Clint," Steve said loudly, cutting across the incomprehensible babble, "why are you bothering us with this? I thought we had all agreed that SOP for sex pollen, alien pheromones, and lust spells was to tell no one, never speak of it again, and pretend it didn't happen. Or, if necessary, get counseling."
He did not need it, yet still, he possessed it, and none of the various explanations for Tony's condition that it suggested to him were pleasant.
"Maybe we'll be lucky, and he'll just stay locked up in that church," Sam said. He glanced at Cap, and then both of them shook their heads slightly. "Or he'll find a way out, and we'll all be doomed."
"I'm not. I just heard the name somewhere and was curious." Clint offered, knowing it sounded exactly like the lie it was.
That, according to Don, was off-limits, too.
going to do it. It's bad for the team, and it's making you miserable."
It made him sound like the kind of man who was so eager for sex that it didn't matter whether the person he was sleeping with was male or female. Which wasn't far from the truth, since he never had minded, but it wasn't out of desperation, or because he didn't have standards, or… and Steve was suddenly very glad he hadn't said any of
Tony winced. "Get used to being obsolete. But it's not going to come to that."
Did she think him as blindly stupid as Richards? "What price?" he sneered. "My soul? My eternal servitude?" He would find the grimoire on his own in a matter of weeks, with no need to sell his allegiance to any more dark gods.
Her own power was out of reach, still locked away in whatever spell Chthon had tied it up in, but the cathedral was full of chaos magic, magic that didn't belong to Chthon and therefore couldn't be controlled by him. Wanda closed her eyes and grabbed desperately for it, reaching toward the altar with her free hand.
Tony's shoulders, seen from behind, had a relaxed set to them, no sign of the tension that had been there this morning. For all that Steve had hoped to get him to rest and recover from AIM's poison, a chance to play with the War Machine armor would probably do him almost as much good as actual rest.
Wanda raised a hand, her fingers limned in red light, and made a throwing gesture.
They were supposed to be temporary, but it was looking more and more as if Henry's flight powers, at least, were going to stick permanently. He'd actually looked kind of spooked when the Initiative scientists had explained that — it had made Carol like him just a little bit more.
"I will skin her slowly," Doom muttered to himself. If SHIELD did in fact possess the Dee manuscript, they would guard it all the more closely now that Sin had so spectacularly tried and failed to seize it from them.
The air around it rippled with chaotic power.
"It was stupid to send Wanda with the other team," he said, after a long silence while the distant sounds of the fight by the river echoed over the communications link. The monster's slime was apparently capable of dissolving through Spiderman's webbing. "It would've been nice to have probability on our side, here. Her powers would have been useful."
"I didn't realize you hated being part of the program that much." Tony's voice was chagrined, his shoulders tensing up and his fingers halting whatever they were doing to Rhodey's boots, and Steve took another step into the room.
"That's Simon and Jessica's team now," Tony pointed out. "And Henry's. I can't crash his team after telling him that I trusted him to lead it on his own, especially not after stealing Pepper back."
"Go," Steve ordered, the word muffled as he dragged his tunic on over his head.  "I'll catch up to you in a minute."
power.  Even if she hadn't already known what the spear was, she would have recognized it.  The fierce, barely controllable power that had broken Chthon's hold on her, that had struck down Strange and burned his hands.
There was a familiar, whiny "feed me" meow from the doorway, and then the cat padded silently into the room, sneering at Sam on his way to Steve — he and Redwing loathed each other, and he considered Sam to be an extension of Redwing.
His own protection was a lot more substantial.  Tony let the under-armor ooze out of his pores and called his armor, grateful that that much of the Extremis, at least, still worked.  He went from naked to armored-up in thirty-seconds, while Steve was still hopping on one foot trying to simultaneously pull on his leather pants and put on boots.
"Can I..." Clint hesitated, "do anything?"
"Clint," Carol said patiently. "When he brought me in from the airport, we were talking about my book, and mistakes all of us have made, like me and the jetliner incident, and Clint and Natasha, and that time Rhodey beat Tony up, and he told me a little about what he was doing right after he came back from the dead."
The last time they had seen her, she had been insane, possessed, and bent on destroying them all. Going back there now would simply be handing Chthon a chance to finish what he had started, and she wasn't going to give him that chance.
Wanda swayed for a moment, then collapsed to the ground in a graceless heap, and suddenly Steve could move again.
“Yes,” Steve said.  He pressed harder, leaning his weight on his hands and ignoring the sickening way he could feel Tony’s ribs shifting – at least one had to be broken.  “We won.  Chthon’s gone.”
Clint was lying on the ground, flat on his back, eyes closed.  Just beyond him, Jan and Doom were throwing punches at both one another and one of Chthon's Doombot puppets.  As Wanda watched, Jan ripped the robot's head off and threw it at Doom.  The Doombot stumbled backwards, Chthon's power still animating it even though the circuitry controlling its AI had to be shredded, and Wanda automatically brought her hands up.  A small burst of chaos was all it would take to shift the Doombot's path away from Clint, keep it from falling on him.
It made no sense. Clint had been her friend for over a decade. He thought of the Avengers as his family. Even if he had believed that she had amnesia, he wouldn't have simply left her there. He wouldn't have slept with an amnesiac woman who didn't recognize him, either. She knew Clint, and that wasn't the kind of man he was – Clint rarely had casual sex, for all that he liked to act like a ladies' man occasionally. Well, except for that one time with Jan, and that had been an unqualified disaster all around.
“I completely forgot. She’s teething.” He mumbled to himself. “Her back teeth are coming in and chewing on the apple must’ve hurt.” Natasha rolled her eyes.
As usual, the extra tidbit will be on my tumblr which you can find
“Way.”
On the way home, the team dropped Peter off (to Ellie’s dismay) and picked up pizza for dinner (to Steve’s dismay). Sam and Clint helped unpack the van and carry everything upstairs, while Tony got Ellie upstairs. She whined the whole way, pausing every now and again to tiredly fist her eyes or let out a yawn. Tony ran his hand up and down her back, shushing her as they rode the elevator up to his and Steve’s floor, but it didn’t manage to do anything for her fussiness. He carried her into their kitchen and grabbed a small plate, fork, and a sippie cup.
“We’ve been talking about this for awhile now, almost 5 months. I’m a lot more comfortable, and meeting a kid doesn’t mean coming home with one. We’d have a lot more work to do, things to put into place, and changes to decide on between us, as well as the team, before we’d officially adopt a child. And even then, it’s a process with paperwork and all that, plus timed visitation, overnight stays and a period of fostering before we can apply to be legal guardians. It’s a bit of a complicated procedure, but my reputation precedes me, so I doubt it’ll be too hard to pull off.” He huffed and twisted his ankle a few times under the table, something he often did while thinking. “And besides, it’s Steve and I. No matter what, things always work out just the way they’re meant to. Pretty sure that super soldier serum gave him some damn good luck too.” Tony mumbled the last bit and downed the remnants of his coffee. Pepper shook her head a bit at his joke and then thought for a moment.
“Someone had a good nap.” She commented, smoothing down her unruly hair and running her finger along her cheek, which was patterned with indentations from sleeping against the ruffles of Natasha’s bunched swimsuit strap. The toddler rubbed her eyes a bit and cuddled back into the crook of her neck with a tiny yawn. Affectionately, Natasha patted her back and went back to reading her book. Every now and again she’d look up, and watch the guys play volleyball. Honestly, it was more like Steve and Tony arguing about a strategy (or Tony not wanting one) and Sam and Clint (who had joined them halfway through the day) winging it and kicking their ass. Natasha shook her head and mumbled, “Men” under her breath.
“Sorry Ellie, that's dangerous. There could be knives in there. Let’s go back to the living room. I bet your dad is back with toys much more fun than the kitchen drawers.” He chirped, easily scooping her up and carrying her to the living room, where Steve was in fact, setting up the various toys on the other side of the couch. “Woah, look at all the stuff he brought for ya!” Peter bubbled, setting her on her feet. Ellie went straight for Steve, playfully trying to climb him, as Peter sat on the couch again.
Steve thought about it quite a bit.
“Maybe I am being a little too uptight.” He replied, cheeks pinking as Tony nudged him playfully. The engineer carried his plate over to the sink, chugged the last bit of his coffee, and eyed the time on his watch before turning to his lover.
“Thanks. We’ll see you tonight.” Tony replied, nodding and heading out after his boyfriend. Ellie leaned her head on Steve’s shoulder, still looking exhausted and irritated. Tony frowned a bit as the two of them closed in on the car.
“Are you excited to be a dad?” He asked, leaning against the workbench as he faced his mentor’s back. Tony froze, caught off guard by the random question.
“Mind if I have her back for a moment?” Steve asks quietly, smiling at Ellie as she eyes the plate, gray eyes sparkling with curiosity. The spy hands her over gently as Steve sits in a chair, holding Ellie on his lap and raising his knee so she’s table level. “Okay, go for it kiddo.” Tiny chubby hands reach out and pinch up a piece of apple, which she quickly shoved in her mouth with fervor. They watch her chew as she reaches for another.
“But I wouldn’t want to do it with anyone other than you, and our little family.” Steve said simply, looking over at his partner as they stopped at another light. Blue met brown. Steve could see the sincerity in Tony’s eyes. He really was thinking about the prospect of having a baby instead of a toddler. “We would make damn good parents Mr. Stark.” Tony scoffed and nudged him playfully as the light turned.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, I just...Ellie said Peter’s name.” Tony leaned over Steve, his dark brown eyes wide.
Tony and Steve make an important decision after lots of consideration.
“Ellie, I want you to know that we did really have a lot of fun today. And I want you to know that both Tony and I…” he nervously shot a look over to his boyfriend who immediately reached over and grabbed his hand to soothe his nerves.
“My mom was born in Mexico. Typical story. Poor kid makes it big off of some kind of talent, family buys their way to the states, the kid works their ass off and lives a happy life for awhile. My mom was no different. She played the Oboe amazingly.” she stopped to laugh. “Of all things, the Oboe. My abuelo, that’s grandfather, found it in a market for cheap. He cleaned it up as best as he could and gave it to my mom. My mom learned by listening and could mimic any melody she heard. It took her to California when she turned 14. And from there all across the United States to different orchestras. She went back home in her 20’s and she helped the whole neighborhood come up and got married to my dad. He and my mom never really got along because she yearned to travel and he wanted to stay home and monitor the stupid farm. My mom convinced him to give the farm to one of his nephews.They moved to Florida, where I was born when my mom was 26. She and my dad never got over the fact that he lost his farm and a part of himself. They fought and eventually broke up. My mom kept living. We moved all over then. I basically lived out of a damned hotel room or a tour bus, but my mom saw that wasn’t a life for a young kid, so she bought an actual house here when I was 9 and really settled down. She played in the Philharmonic, taught lessons in her spare time to unfortunate kids, did concerts for schools and gave up so much more for me. She met Christopher, Nora’s dad when I was 15. We got along surprisingly well and for the first time in a long time, I felt like I had a real family. I got good grades, stayed out of trouble, graduated and went to Columbia. It was the summer before my junior year.” Marcellina paused for a moment to take a few more drags. Her dark brown eyes settled on the window to the infant room for a moment before she breathed out and leaned back into the hard wood of the bench behind her.
“Sure thing Mr. Rogers. Thank you for letting me play big brother. It was pretty fun!” Peter sang.
Steve sat Ellie down on a pink towel and began doing his best to brush the loose sand from her skin. “No, thank you for keeping her entertained. I appreciate it.” He shot a wink at the teen, who giddily, skipped off to gather his belongings. “Now for you Missy. Did you have fun with Peter?” he asked as he began stripping her of her damp swimsuit and swim diaper. Ellie squirmed, happy to be naked as Steve did his best to wipe the sand and syrup off of her skin with baby wipes. He redressed her in a pink bow tie tank top and tiny jean shorts and did his best to pull her sandy curls up into a high ponytail as she wiggled and fussed. “El, what’s wrong?” she whined at him and reached out.
“Alright. Here, how about…” she got up, setting Ellie on the floor and picking up a few spare toys from around the room. A car, a few soft blocks, and a ball that looked like it had fish swimming on it. “These should be good. If you need me, I’ll be right here.” She said, gesturing to the carpet. The two men slid down onto the plush flooring and looked over the toys in question.
“Come on now Steve. It’ll all be fine.” Tony soothed, as the blonde walked (sprinted) to his side. He held his hand gently in his own, giving it a reassuring squeeze as they exited the parking lot and walked up the walkway.
.” Steve rolled his eyes.
I post life updates sometimes and talk to people. Thanks for your continued support!
“In those kinds of situations, you have to keep a level head. If you panic, she’ll sense you’re upset and you’ll just upset her more, on top of whatever may be wrong. Kids are emotional beings. They base their feelings off of those around them.” Natasha lectured as Ellie leaned back into her chest, getting spots of pink popsicle on her hands. Clint took the opportunity to sneak out, heading toward the elevator as well. Steve returned, a bottle of children’s Motrin in one hand and a teether in the other. He silently sat the bottle on the table and used the tiny syringe to suction out the recommended amount per the instructions Ms. Honey had generously taped to the cap. Steve screwed the cap back into place and brought over the full syringe.
“I couldn’t sleep.” Steve said with a small shrug. “So I got up and went running and by the time I was done, it was only 9:30.” Tony bustled around the kitchen for a few minutes before sitting carefully next to Steve, a plate of breakfast in one of his hands.
“Yeah, she seems to really like whoever she meets. Hopefully, she’ll calm down soon. She’s kind of on a bender since she normally goes out to play around this time. Do you think you could keep your eye on her for just a second? I’m going to get something for her to do and try and round up Natasha and Tony. Peter nodded, shooting to his feet.
“Yeah? I can see you as a dad. What’s stopping you from adopting a kid with Tony?” Sam asked, sending a fiery red blush blazing up Steve’s cheeks all the way to the tips of his ears. Steve sat up and cleared his throat.
As he watched the New York skyline to come into view, Tony couldn’t get his mind off of that kid. Something about those sparkling, innocent gray eyes and her high pitched laughter made his heart swell in a surprisingly, out of character manner. Tony hadn’t felt...whatever that feeling was, since he’d dog sat Rhodey’s puppy once and the little thing kept licking his face and pawing at his legs. What was he feeling? Certainly not love. He hadn’t even known the kid for longer than a half an hour, yet he was oddly enthralled. He could definitely see himself and Steve pushing her on swings, having tickle fights, and chasing her around the tower. This was definitely Steve’s fault for putting those...oddly mushy thoughts in his head. He shuddered.
“Baf.” Ellie echoes, raising her arms. Steve scoops her out of the high chair and carries her to the bathroom. Steve bathed her among melon scented bubbles, making sure to get the sand and seawater residue out of her hair, and the crimson pizza sauce off her cheeks. He lets her play with toys as he rinses her off with the shower head.
“There’s the star of the show!” he gushed, plucking her off of her lion and up into his arms. Next was Natasha, carrying a beach bag, then Pepper, Sam and Happy, all of them arriving around 9:30. Ellie was content hanging out in Tony’s arms while Happy and Steve packed the truck. On the ride to the beach, she had a snack of sliced strawberries and dry cereal with Pepper, and by the time they exited the van and stepped onto the hot sand, Ellie was red-lipped and cheery. The little family set up their towels and umbrellas far from the water’s edge, but Ellie was enthralled with the view, constantly trying to take off running toward the shore and scaring the shit out of Tony, to the point where he just refused to put her down and settled for carrying the whiny toddler on his shoulders.
“Ellie, calm down. We’re going to go to the water in just a second, okay?” he whispered, kissing her head as she continued to whimper, grumpily kicking her legs as he removed his shirt and jogging pants off to reveal his dark blue swim trunks. “Okay, okay I’m done. C’mon. Let’s go swim.” Steve and Sam held a hand each and lead her down to the surf, followed by Peter and Pepper. When they reached the crashing waves, suddenly Ellie stopped and stared at the water, almost as if it was going to eat her. Nearby, Peter ran directly into the surf and jumped as high as he could, splashing down into the water only to resurface a couple of seconds later and shake his hair from his face. Ellie watched him swim around, not too far, but not close enough either. Steve gave her an encouraging nudge. “C’mon. Let's just get our feet wet.” The trio took a few steps forward, the water barely lapping at Ellie’s tiny feet. She scrunched her toes in the wet sand and made a displeased face, immediately reaching up to be held. Steve shook his head and Sam chuckled. The blond easily lifted Ellie and set her on his hip. “Okay, I’m going to walk you into the water now. I won’t let you go.” Slowly, they entered the salty ocean water together, until the water was barely at Steve’s hips. He dipped her into the cool water a bit and she grinned at him. Peter popped out of the water close by, grinning and waving and yelling for Ellie to watch him swim. The toddler was completely perplexed as she watched him swim a bit deeper, and then back to her and Steve. He shook the water from his curly brown locks, grinning at her. Steve lowered her into the water until her stomach was submerged, and she wiggled, reaching for Peter. Peter looked back at Steve, eyes shining with hope. The blonde sighed.
“She’s Ellie’s older sister.” Tony chortled, as they rocked back and forth, enjoying the summer night's wind. Steve popped his thigh, stopping Tony’s laughter. “Ouch! That hurts. Not all of us are impenetrable ya know.” Steve snorts as Tony runs his hands over the offended area. After a moment of grumbling, he speaks up. “She’s 23. Fresh out of PLC. She’s a-”
“Marcellina.” the older woman chuckled, gesturing toward Steve and Tony.
“Not it.” He exclaimed, looking wary.
“Light, right.” Quickly, Peter handed over the flashlight. Tony clicked it on and looked inside the suit, sighing when he noticed the issue.
Chapter 2: Growing Hope
“Well, I’ll be damned. Natasha is going to be pissed.” He chuckled, standing up as Steve began folding up her towel and tucking the wet clothes inside of it. “She’s on a roll, huh Cap?”
“What did I miss?” Pepper asked, walking up to them holding a bunch of drinks. “You sent me off to get drinks and I missed all the fun, didn’t I?” The team (minus Peter) cracked open their beers and toasted to Steve and Tony being parents. The couple couldn’t help but give each other a little kiss, which sent Ellie into a whining fit because she didn’t get any kisses. Steve peppered her chubby cheeks in kisses, followed by Tony, who made loud dramatic muah sounds every time his lips smacked against her face, sending her into loud squeals and laughter. Steve watched Tony’s eyes soften as Ellie looked up at him with twinkling gray eyes. Everything was perfect.
Tony grumbled into Steve’s shoulder. “Night Babe.”
“What can I say? Those parenting books were good for something after all.” He bragged, making Steve roll his eyes. Tony gestured to the bed, and the two men kicked off their shoes and laid down next to their charge. “So this is the life, huh? Being a dad isn’t so hard.”
“God no. I’ll carry her in, you just get her bag. We’ll go to our floor and she can meet everyone when she wakes up.” he muttered back quietly. Steve gingerly undid her car seat strap, holding his breath when she stirred for a split second, slowly settling back to sleep after a couple seconds. He breathed a sigh of relief. Tony opened his door, holding both bags in his hand and looking concerned. His boyfriend climbed out, and reached in, gently picking Ellie up and leaning her head on his shoulder. Again, she adjusted herself, stuck a thumb in her mouth, and easily settled. The pair carried her in, after Steve thanked Happy softly, and took the elevator up to their shared floor.
At least it gave Steve something to focus on other than the things Doom had thrown in his face last night.
"Let them take a look at you when they get here," Steve told him.  It might not be Sam's blood drying all over his clothing, but the swollen lump on his forehead and the bruise already forming around his left eye said that he hadn't escaped entirely unscathed.  "Call SHIELD when you get topside and get them to send a medical team."  They'd be better prepared to deal with Tony and the Extremis than the city hospitals, as well as capable of serving as reinforcements just in case Doom had left any surprises behind for them.
"We can talk about this later, when we're out of here," she said firmly.  "I really don't want to die in order to make Doom a god.  If he's off meeting with Sin, he's too busy to come running back here the moment you shed the cuffs, Hank, so get over here and start figuring out how to get me out of this thing.  Carefully."  She mimed slipping her wrists out of cuffs.
Tony didn't respond, as he hadn't responded to anything Steve had said over the past half hour. Steve had been talking since Peter left, telling Tony what had happened while he had been in DC. He wasn't sure if it was doing any good, but he could tell from the rhythm of the heart monitor that Tony could hear him -- it changed when Steve fell silent. At least it was a reaction.
Wanda shook her head slowly. "That would be bad."
“I can try,” Steve muttered, knowing he was being childish.  The short, greying man currently standing by the buffet table was one of the trustees of the Metropolitan Museum, and Steve strongly suspected that he was the specific trustee he had argued with over the phone and through email for most of a week.
he had been that she hadn't forced him to refuse a glass of the wine that had been sitting, open, in the picnic basket right next to him, perfuming the air with its scent.
"He'd want to know if I planned on taking pity on you." The words were out of Steve's mouth before he actually thought about what he was saying. He was too tired to guard his tongue anymore.
The smear of soot made a dark streak across one prominent cheekbone. Yesterday, his eyes had been smudged with dark circles, looking almost bruised, but now only faint traces of them remained. He could easily have just emerged from a night spent in the lab, where he been too absorbed in some project or other to sleep.
Given Steve's mood at the moment, it was a good thing he wasn't seriously injured.  If Steve had reacted this badly to a migraine, a minor electrical shock, and a few moments of unconsciousness, he would probably have completely lost it over a real injury.
They were rebuilding the mansion, rebuilding the team, but if Tony wasn't there to do it with him...
Tony looked away, not wanting to see the guilt and shame that he suspected he'd find if he looked at her for long enough. Remembered that cold, sick feeling of waking up with no memory of the previous night and wondering what the hell you had done, and who you'd done it with. "No," he said, feeling very tired suddenly. "They're not. I shouldn't have brought it up."
"What do you mean, I'm not attracted to men? I've been sleeping with you for months!"
Tony shook his head again, the motion jerky. "Communications equipment. Aircraft engines. Medical equipment. Not weapons systems or munitions. Not anymore. I couldn't let them keep my technology. I couldn't. I had to get it back or destroy it, or- or bad things would have happened. People would have died. Because of me. I had to stop it. I
The massive, Victorian pseudo-Gothic façade of St. Margaret's Cathedral was wreathed in shadows, the soot-smudged stone seeming to draw the darkness toward itself. The floodlight that usually illuminated its five-story high steeple and the giant cross that topped it had burned out, leaving the upper reaches of the building in shadow. The two stressed-looking trees that grew inside cages of iron railing on either side of the building had lost almost all of their leaves; a handful of them drifted lifelessly across the sidewalk, the wind sending them scraping dryly over the cracked concrete.
Tony tightened his grip on the violently struggling woman in his arms, ignoring the lingering dizziness and raw ache in his lungs that made each breath an effort. Jan was there like magic, probably evidence that he still wasn't tracking completely straight, and then the woman went limp, the black coating melting away to reveal a torn and rumpled business suit and short blonde hair spiky with the remains of the dissolving symbiote-substance.
The thin place in the dimensional barriers was no longer confined to St. Margaret's - it surrounded Sin now, and the tentacles of energy were stretching through it, almost solid.   One of them was reaching out toward her, pulsing with dark energy like a heartbeat.
Blood. Lots of blood.
"I know," Tony said. "She already did. She thinks accepting Loki's help would have been a bad idea."
"I know what you mean," Steve said, with feeling. "And no. They're still refurbishing it. Very slowly and carefully. They've been slowly and carefully refurbishing it since 2001."
"Well, yeah," Peter said, "I'm a photographer. When I'm, you know, not wearing spandex."
Sam grudgingly tapped out, and Steve let him go. "What if he changes back?" he asked, climbing back to his feet and rubbing ostentatiously at his shoulder. "What are you going to do then?"
Then he didn't do any more thinking for a long time.
"You were practically convulsing, and there wasn't anything I could do." Steve spoke more forcefully than he'd intended to, the words loud against the background noise of the shower. He'd been helpless far too often, watched his friends suffer far too often. How could Tony have thought he was disgusted? "I don't care what it looks like," he lied. "I don't like knowing that you're that vulnerable, that all it would take for some villain to take you out is to block your access to a power source for a day." How could he make Tony understand this? Tony had always treated all of his health problems as if they were nothing, treated the need to charge his mechanical heart up the same way. "I can't lose you, too. Not you."
Carol didn’t have anything to say to that, and Steve was left to stare down at his clean hands again, and at the long scratch disfiguring the center of his shield.  How was he going to get that out?  You couldn’t polish vibranium.
When it did, one of the first things he was going to do was force the imbecilic woman currently pouting defiantly up at him to kneel at his feet. Then he was going to kill her. Whether the method he chose would be swift or slow would depend upon how well she managed to redeem herself from last night's disaster.
"I'm working on a sequel to my book," Carol went on. "I was hoping to show some of it to Tony; he likes science fiction."
It wasn't like the old days, when it had been just Hank, Jan, and one or two of the other founding Avengers, and his absence from the field would have left a major hole in their line-up. Not like when his powers had kept fluctuating, before his body had adapted to the Pym particles. He was
"You were good," Jessica Jones confirmed.  "Very good."
"He is unharmed," Thor said, rising from his crouch beside Tony.  "Doom shot myself and Iron Man, but was not able to hit Captain America.  What has befallen the Wasp?"
"That's it?" Sam blurted out.  "That's why you wear that thing?  The Red Skull had you beat six ways to Sunday when it came to having a face that frightened small children."
"I know. I... I'm sorry."
"Idiot," Tony wanted to shout, but Doom would never have listened to him.   He raised his hands, diverting extra power to his repulsors.
Tony took Steve by the shoulders and, without breaking the kiss, pulled him downward until they were horizontal.
"I think not."  Doom shifted the manuscript to his left hand and raised his right hand threateningly.  "The way out is obvious.  I will simply go through you."
Strange was waiting for her by the window, in full sorcerer supreme regalia. Did he ever wear anything else?
And – oh,
"Wombat!" He knew his enthusiasm to talk to Rhodey seemed extravagant, but he
"Crazy how?"
Rogers shook his head at him. "And in addition, you'll do a presentation on military etiquette."
I couldn't look away from him. "I missed you, too."
Okay, here's the deal. I wrote that scene. I did. It's pure PWP, for your reading pleasure, in case you want to read it, and it's right
Tony: How could you say I didn't want to talk to you?
Tony: That’s... not something I’d readily admit.
"No one will look out of a window. It's Christmas Eve and it's late. Everyone is staring at the TV or snoring."
"I love you too, Tony. And I'm... I'm so happy to be here with you. And I
Tony had a distinct impression he wasn't missing a word Tony said.
Steve gave him a worried look. “Not good?” It seemed they were unable to string more than two words together, between them.
Steve now turns and looks up at him again, and blinks. It's as if he didn't expect Tony to continue the conversation. He doesn't seem entirely displeased, though.
It was a special kind of silence. Waking up to it, so very early, might have made Tony forget the
“Maybe a little.”
Tony: You chat a lot to her before?
Steve tensed. Definitely tensed. His palms had been relaxed, somehow so natural against Tony’s back (and it felt
, at any rate
. Because if they were willing to lose a medic in order to gain a combat pilot, Fury evidently expected things to get pretty heated pretty quickly. The excitement that arose in Tony stomach was probably an inappropriate reaction to danger. Well. That was the dormitory effect for you. Turned you into a teen.
"Why should I care," Tony says. Still, his voice has gone so hoarse that he's not very convincing at all.
"You okay?" The voice belonged to the woman, and he realized she was addressing him. He nodded. She'd introduced herself as Hope, and seemed to have a suit and abilities somewhat similar to Scott Lang's.
Steve was – Steve, strangely Steve-like in all his Steveness, despite a three-day beard and skiing goggles pushed to the top of his head. He had a skiing onesie on, a dark blue one with red and white details (because, of course he would pick that pattern, of course). It looked brand new. So brand new Tony could almost believe it was
“So, where’d you learn to ski like that?“, Tony asked.
"Nono, I... got a cramp," Cap muttered uncomfortably. He was such a bad liar it was almost endearing.... Tony had to
"No?"
The locals knew Steve, sure, but most anyone else would have driven off rather than let an unknown, burly guy into their car at night. Which was, well, wise, generally speaking.
Tony knew a thing or two about art. As it went, Steve's wasn't exactly amazing. He had a decent eye and a nimble hand; and, overall, an underdeveloped talent. It felt unseasoned. He wasn't really
And then Steve had an idea. Natasha was not going to like it. And he'd probably have to have a chat with Darryl afterwards, too.
"I have an urge to say something comforting," he said, because voicing a part of his thoughts unfiltered apparently was the best option. "But I've always been total crap at it, so let's consider it said and move on?"
"You've no reason to act pissed," he informed her quietly, as he regarded her expressionless face, her perfect eyebrows. She inclined her head noncommittally. Of course she would be angry with him, because he'd rushed headlong into danger without taking real backup – even Tony and Thor had been rather incidental. And she was probably right, in retrospect, but that was no way to gauge your decisions. When the situation was urgent and there was no time, you made the best call you could and you had to hope it would turn out okay. And you couldn't let your decisions be questioned by your troops, even if the said troops were your friends. Steve was always happy to consult with Nat and the others, but that was different. That was at his own discretion.
to shake it off. He wanted to enjoy it for as long as he could, because this was the end – it was over before it started. That was it, he got his Christmas miracle, but like with Cinderella, it would last until midnight only.
that.
Steve rolled his eyes now. "Buck. Really."
The longer Bruce spoke, the more Tony's face darkened. Natasha had just decided to somehow step in before he could rush off without having acquired all the necessary information, when Clint slipped into the room.
"Yeah."
"Don't you channel all those support group vibes at me."
It had been – looking back now – so easy. An easy life. Not just his breezy existence on the warm and glamorous Virgon. No, even after the Cylon rebellion happened, Tony had been rather safe behind the lines. He'd felt guilty about it, but, as had been pointed out to him repeatedly, rudely, and above all correctly, he was not army material. It had made him somewhat sad at 18. Still, his father's disappointment had made up for it. After the war with the Cylons began, he'd contributed in other ways.
. So, he was probably just being a dick in response to Tony being a dick, which was, well,
Perhaps two months later I was walking the streets rather aimlessly, when my feet carried me over to the Bleecker Street. Ridiculously enough, the Sanctum Sanctorum opened for me now, and I stepped in. The Ancient One looked same as ever. I now knew what a curse it must have been.
Steve took a sip of coffee and felt it spread its warm fingers through his gut. He didn't remember if he'd read or heard any gossip about Tony's relationship status. Information of that sort was most often inaccurate, anyway, and made you feel cheep for consuming it besides. But while he was musing on this, Steve took a look at Tony's profile, his firm, compact frame; his own mouth apparently decided to say: "Who'd dump
Tony: So, Everhart left WHIH some time ago. She was just about to launch a new network, she's got good connections and there are some really good journalists onboard with this; they are going to launch their network with your statement. Now, there WILL be critical commentary, but there would have been anyway, and this way I actually get heads up as to what's happening, and I'm getting them some exclusive info they wouldn't otherwise have. It's not going to go badly for us.
"I just don't understand you," Tony intercepted me before I could open my mouth, and that was the last spur I needed.
While Hill questioned him sharply, tersely over the phone – and as he answered even more curtly,  he found his eyes drawn towards Tony again. He was now finished with his physical checkup. Steve fought to keep the smile out of his voice as he watched the techs surrounding him and Hope, clapping them on the back, seemingly asking them a million questions. Steve couldn't hear them over the din, but he could see Tony's grin, could see him drink it all in – the attention, the praise. Like a proud cat basking in sunlight. Steve knew this wasn't the end of it, he knew Hill would summon him to her office for a detailed report when things settled down. And then there will probably be a less formal talk with Commander Fury, too, and the old man would offer him a drink and tell him how they needed him, how he shouldn't run into danger head-first like that because he was indispensable to
Again, the shrugging. Tony was getting mildly irritated, although Steve couldn't have known all these things, of course. It was highly doubtful his captors would have graciously shared the info with him.
“Yeah, right,” Tony muttered darkly. His muscles had gone so week he thought he might sink
"But tomorrow..." Steve began. Why the hell was
Because – Tony couldn't lie to himself any longer. Steve must care about him too, in some way. It was obvious. As a friend, at least. He must care, because, no matter how kind and nice he was, he wouldn't be coming over here
"What do we eat? What's good?" Tony asked as if he were going to be aware of the taste of whatever he ate.
from under the covers.
Tony said: "So, how was the flight?"
But: "Cold," Tony said contemplatively; he didn't seem miffed, just thoughtful. "Controlling, when he could be bothered." It was as if something in the air, in the smell of fire and the dim light, allowed for this kind of intimacy that wasn't their usual shtick. "But usually he couldn't be. Bothered." Tony hesitated for a moment again. "Around here, where there were no distractions, sometimes he wasn't so bad. Or maybe I'm just idealizing this place. I've no idea. Sometimes I think that..." He fell silent mid-sentence, then he turned his head, looked Steve full in the eyes. "What was he like as a friend, though?"
" he yelled into the night, pushing at the door against the wind. He yelled on top of his voice (his throat punished him with searing, scratching pain at once, as well as with a sad, dry sound that was half-cough and half-whimper).
Tony: If you can't, just poke me. I'll go make a cup of coffee or something. We can chat some more.
!" he said through gritted teeth, and Tony could see he was close.
"I could tell captain Rogers to call in July, try to set something up for September."
Which is when Steve grabs him around the waste and practically turns him around. "Quickly," he hisses. "Kiss me."
to talk about it in the first place. He needed to process. He was just restless, that was it. So Natasha was just as good, because he could just as well
"I could've done that for you," I say in my best gallant voice, just to wind her up.
He didn't need Tony interfering.
Tony swallows, reaches out tentatively. Touches Steve on the shoulder, pets him gently down the arm. "Hey, big guy."
, he'd experienced it himself a time or two. It was unwelcome attraction. It was like that time when he'd started getting hard-ons for that separatist asshole that claimed planet Virgon would do better on its own and why share resources with less rich colonies when they could profit from the war. For a time, Tony kept battling a searing desire to throw the jerk politician over the table and fuck him silly out of sheer frustration. A few times the things did get a little heated and it almost happened.
And suddenly Tony wasn't entirely sure if Steve meant the fight or something else, something Tony was craving in his bones. But that was impossible, wasn't it? Tony's imagination was getting the better of him.
"And I'll owe you a solid," Tony finished before it fully registered with him what Steve had said. Then, "You'll do it?"
"No stone-throwing in glass houses," Natasha said and cleanly steered her dapple mare to ride down one raider as she took care of another in her usual style; many other knights would have considered it highly dishonorable.
Tony considered for a moment, shook his head. "Nah."
"Is it really you?"
All that had happened had crushed Tony neatly into the ground and stomped on him for good measure. He didn't know how to get past that, especially in those first weeks, while he still sat and stared at the phone and wondered
He knew his voice was going to be croaky even before he started speaking. "Tell me I'm crazy," he said. "Tell me there's nothing going on here and I'm just crazy."
Tony: No, you don't get it.
Steve’s eyes met his own, though, and stayed there, suddenly all serious.
. Tony dived in front of him, yelling himself, because you never know when a gun might go off, when a finger might jerk involuntarily, and a bullet end up in a wrong, blond head, and make Tony's world narrow down to a single bullet hole, forever.
In the beginning, when Sam asked, Steve insisted he would fix this. He and Tony were friends, they cared about each other, right? They could overcome this.
He gave me a suspicious look. "Do you know something I don't?"
"What?
Tony's throat suddenly felt tight. "I thought..." He tried to smile, but his eyes were beginning to sting, and what was with him and tearing up tonight, what was his fucking problem? "I thought you were going to tell me how he's probably very nice and that I should be happy I have Pepper  to co-parent with, with her sound judgment and strict dating rules, and not someone weak or flaky or boy-crazy."
Tony: Yeah, ok.
With a final long look, Tony joined Steve in front of the fireplace, taking a towel and patting the dog's back dry while Steve did it's tummy. The crystals on its fur had started thawing. "Just pat him gently. Don't rub. His inner organs..."
"I'm getting out of here on my own two feet, or as close to that as possible, thanks" he said. And then, quickly: "But you can hold my hand in the car. If you want to."
, though," he said, getting back to the previous conversation. "So, you can't blame me for misunderstanding."
important thing was for Tony to get to the side motors and see if he could fix the damage. Steve's gut tightened and strained like a taut, overextended rope at the idea of sending him there alone. Tony wasn't even a real soldier yet, and yet Steve expected him to act like one – they had neither time nor resources to coddle anyone. Sooner or later all the new recruits would have to go through one crisis or another. And Tony was doing good, he actually was, everything considered.
The irony was an asshole, as per usual. My Tony who had had his cottage by the lake, his family, his little girl – he was dead. Knowing Tony,
"Want one?" Then, "A gun, I mean," he explained.
Steve wandered, not for the first time.
"You keep saying
"Ah. Right. Sorry."
Tony: Maybe you should just try drawing something that's close to your heart.
. It shouldn't feel so intimate, so much like... forbidden fruit.
Steve turned away, put his skis down on the ground. Tony slammed the door at his back.
"And it's all real, somewhere?"
Tony: I'm here.
He opened his mouth slightly, tasted Steve’s lower lip. And suddenly, it was just not
Both of Steve’s hands were under Tony’s t-shirt in an instant, exploring, rubbing, spreading warmth and goodness all over his back like a lotion. Tony let his hand wonder down from Steve’s chest. It lingered on Steve’s stomach for a second, feeling the muscles move under his fingers, and then it continued even lower down, tracing the waistband of Steve’s pants with two fingers, but no, it was too slow, too excruciating. Even lower, then. As if sensing his intention, Steve had stopped grinding against him and was now standing very still. Tony covered the other man’s cock with his palm and squeezed lightly over the fabric; his thumb found the tip. Steve’s head jerked back, breaking the kiss. His eyes flew closed; his lips were still parted, and red from the kissing. Tony let go, then rubbed a bit up and down, and squeezed again. Steve’s expression almost looked like anguish. “Tony,”, he gasped, barely audibly. His face at that moment, eyes squeezed shut, mouth half-open, was probably the most beautiful sight Tony had ever seen.
"The date," Tony blurted. "Because, it's yesterday was the 15th, then today is..." Tony's hand flew to his mouth. For a moment, he kept the sound locked firmly in. And then it spluttered out, through his mouth, through his nose, mixed with spit and the familiar wet, farty noise against his palm. "Oh god, what's with me and this time of year?" Tony managed between giggles. Incapacitated by mirth, all he could do was shake against Steve's back. "What's with me and this
Tony: Which could probably be considered progress, eh?
The second day was pretty much like that, too, only the exchange was somewhat shorter. It could mostly be summarized as
“Can I help?” Steve asked, keeping a polite distance, and nodded towards Tony’s breakfast project. His voice was as expressionless as his eyes. Very calm, though. Kind of empty. Resembling the glass apples Tony’s mom had insisted on keeping in a bowl.
He had an actual, honest to gods crush on Steve Rogers, big as a space station, and he should have admitted it to himself way earlier.
Tony: This, now? Are you fucking kidding me??
I passed it to Tony.
Tony: I didn't think you'd react this way, honestly.
"Well, is it?"
He shouldn't have. But then again, if he hadn't, he wouldn't have had Steve.
, he thought, because what else was there to life, but a desperate series of trying, always trying, getting tired, and then trying again, because, really, you didn't have anything else. Forward.
Tony: go on
Tony: Yeah, I pretty much went for a full disclosure this time around.
good friend.”
say only turned Steve's cheeks a warmer, pinker hue. And it was a stupid comment, stupid. Tony should have played it cool. He felt his own face  heat up in response, although he wasn't prone to actually blushing, thank gods.
"And that over there is Hammer, Bruce. Just pretend he's not there. I'd say forget him, but that's proven impossible so far, more's the pity." Bruce laughed at this, and Tony felt pleased with himself.
Asshole.
"Secret
"Probably." He twisted his mouth. Steve leaned over to kiss him and Tony couldn't contain a smile any longer, no matter how hard he tried. "You know," he said, "right now, 'heroes coming together' gets a whole new meaning. Do we tell him that, do you think?"
Tony's forearm is resting on the bridge railing; spoiler alert: the wood is wet. Tony raises the arm, tries to shake some of the water away; gives up. His elbow back on the railing, he lets his face sink into his hand, pressing his thumb and forefinger against the eyelids, hard. He's not crying. All his emotions are spent, and now there's only void.
Peter, really. It had been so difficult to remember that, tonight. Now he gave it his best effort.
Tony: I don't know the details, because, again, safety. But he seems pretty okay. For Bruce.
And that was, what, four years ago? And before that? I went to Monaco for a weekend and got attacked by a Russian psycho who had a bone to pick with my dad, so go figure. And then I decide to come here, after more than two decades, and I catch a cold? Really? Sue me for self-pity, but I just want one day,
Peter seemed intent on this line of inquiry. "So, have you told him? No, of course you haven't, have you."
His thoughts still felt muddled, stale from the painkillers. He wasn't going to get into this with Natasha, not now. He just gave her a steady, unwavering look, and she blinked at him impassively for a moment; a muted battle of wills. A few seconds later Nat shrugged one shoulder slightly, looked away and turned to go.
Two wings of their party had noticed Bruce's green flame signal and rejoined them. Mainly foot-soldiers, though, the ones that had created a diversion for Steve's friends to sneak into this hornet's nest. Natasha recognized some of the faces, but for the most part these were the new lads from the northern borders.
Tony: Damn, it got weird, didn't it?
Tony: Yeah, I get it. Depression on a back-burner. And then it hits full-force, eh?
Steve was glad Tony couldn't really see his face very well in the darkness of the car. Without his own dark vision, Tony's face would have been more planes and shadows than actual features. Still, his awkward attempt at evasiveness earned him a sharp look.
It felt like a trap.
, skin on skin. But somehow, the flirtatious note from minutes ago had disappeared. It was pure comfort, offered and accepted.
Tony: Too much adrenaline.
Tony gave him a look. It was a speculative look. Tony knew Steve had recognized it for what it was because he fell silent and waited, very patiently.
Tony chooses not to think on that further.
The question is unspoken but clear: What do we do?
, he mused,
Still. Tony had kept that room the way it had been when Steve left for Peggy's funeral, all those years ago. He'd ignored it's existence, he'd contemplated turning it into a sewing room or painting the walls dark purple or something else petty and ridiculous, but in the end he never touched it. Never went in either. And now it's all packed, and it's officially just a guest room. He should be relieved.
"I was a little drunk. And a lot stupid," he said. "And I'm not used to having superiors, either. It's been twenty years since I had to call anyone
Tony: I just hacked into Associated Press servers, informatively. I'm not doing anything. I COULD. But I'm not.
The taps get a little harder, gradually, but it happens so slowly that it's almost excruciating. Steve can feel the warmth spreading across his back, enveloping him, making his heart pump faster. But then it's over.
Maybe there was enough emphasis in his tone. Maybe Steve could read his face better than Tony supposed. The man snorted. “Yeah, I could,” he said. And: “Let’s go, then. We’ve wasted the best part of the day.”
Tony: And I'm not pissed at you. I'm kind of happy to hear from you actually, right now.
. Or, worst of all,
So, that had been the big plan. Capture Tony to get their hands on Steve, now that there were no Avengers to call for help, now that they were all scattered to the four winds. Somehow, their captors had figured Steve would come for Tony, even though Tony wouldn't have counted on it, himself. But, of course Steve would. Because, of all the stupid, noble things he could do, this one was the stupidest.
As Steve was putting the fatigues back on, the medic frowned. She appeared too be listening to her comm.
"In that case, I don't want to come." They seemed to be interrupting each other a whole lot more then they usually did. Still, now there was a silence. It stretched.
, he ordered himself and turned to look Peter in the face. The man was wearing this open, bright-eyed expression that made it impossible for
"Well," Tony said, "it's not as if I can drive to California all in one go."
“I was going to try an intermediate piste first, get back into gear, then get on with the fun stuff.” His words were soldiering on, one after another. No one would have been fooled by his forced offhandedness. “And then do one of my fave slopes, which is a bit more tasking, but hey, I’ve done it dozens of times when I was younger. It’s pretty late in the morning, and you know what, yeah, you can leave whenever you want, obviously.” He knew he was gazing at Steve with way more intensity than his own words warranted. “But,” he went on, “you could also come
when you mean Fury," he said reproachfully. "And you know it's not about that. It's... I don't know how to put it. I feel like, if we let one thing like that slip..."
"So, er, hi. Tony," Steve said, and then, with a certain defensive note, "I'm... I thought I'd go volunteer in a soup kitchen." As if he expected a negative reaction to this statement. As if he cared.
is the best he can manage.
Tony rests his temple against the top of Steve's head, just for a moment, and to Steve it's worth a million words.
"I am," Steve said simply and somehow very finally.
"Well, then," Tony says with forced calm. "In that case, that's what we'll do."
Tony: Yeah, probably, but maybe it's different when someone says it. When you do.
Tony felt Steve’s guffaw reverberate all the way through him. “Oh, boy,” he said, refusing to consider all the interesting things this did to his innards. “You’ve missed out on everything, haven’t you.” Trying to inventory his own limbs wasn’t a good idea either, because they were hopelessly entangled with the warm mass of blankets and... well,
Tony laughed out. "Breakup food? All right, then. Make it chocolate ice-cream, I guess. What's next? You teach me how to wallow constructively and then we watch
Tony: Is everything about you enhanced?
to come, if you don’t want to.” And then, since all the words up until then were pretty much the opposite of what he actually
"Actually, you don't have to dress up," Tony said quickly. "I mean, it's really..."
Tony: Of all the supersoldiers I've met, you're defo my favorite.
"I think we have a lot to talk about," I say very mildly. "Wanna go get something to eat?"
I pulled my wallet out of my back pocket and passed him the photo I'd begged from Pepper for keepsakes, on the day of Tony's funeral. On it, both Starks really looked alike, too. She was sitting on his shoulders; age two.
Tony: Yeah.
He laughed. I could tell he was pleased.
a small part of him added, the one that remembered more of that evening than Tony cared to admit. But how much did he care, in what manner? If he knew anything in life, Tony knew one thing: he would never ever ask.
"That... probably wouldn't be appropriate," Cap said, somewhat stiffly now, although he didn't sound pissed. "Nine or ten rounds around the landing bay should do the trick for you, though."
If things were falling against Tony's ceiling, it meant that something big and heavy was also falling against the
,” he blurted. His throat was tight. Steve turned to stone mid-motion as he was getting up from the chair. Slowly, he sat back down. Didn’t quite look at Tony. No backsies now.
(See the end of the chapter for
, and Clint laughed out and clapped him on the back and said "Hey, man.
Steve didn't quite dare fill his lungs with air. He wanted to go to Tony, to hold him, to kiss him a thousand times and never stop, but despite Tony's words, the peculiar distance still persisted between them. "Is it too late?" Steve asked softly, because he thought that may have been what this was about. But, even if so, he wasn't sorry, he couldn't be sorry these things have been said. Even if nothing ever happened, he'd still have this.
that.
"I think, if you wanted to actually take me in, you'd have done so by now," Steve went on.
“All right.” Steve regarded him for a moment, his brows raised in amusement. “How about doing something new? Would that count?”
"Well..." She hesitated. "Not yet."
Tony: I'm really happy you told me
“So? Feel like skiing today?“ Tony’s heart drummed an irregular beat in his own ears.
"Well, there you go," I said. "It's a pretty big difference. The whole sequence of events. That's your divergence."
Steve  couldn't stop looking at Stark. He tried desperately to hide it, to keep an impassive face and avoid his eyes, but his gaze was magnetically drawn to the man. It wasn't about physical appearance, although Stark's was pleasant enough. It had something to do with the way Stark sprawled in his chair, all effortlessness and easy smiles and ironic glances at his fellow cadets. It was as if he owned not only the chair itself, but also the briefing room and everyone in it. It tickled something inside Steve, and he didn't know if it was irritation or a prickle of curiosity.
"So?"
But then he's pulling me back into his arms and clinging to me, and I can feel his tears on my neck. He pushes me back, then, and just glares at me. "You asshole," he says softly. "I missed you. You could have come earlier. Why didn't you?" His voice is quiet and fierce, but it's not real anger. He's just... too happy to be able to be really happy. I know that mood of his.
Tony nods his head back to their bedroom. “Let’s go back to bed. We can just put her back in the crib once she’s asleep.” Steve nods in agreement and follows Tony back to their bed. The couple climb in and snuggle up under the minky, soft blankets. Ellie nuzzles into Steve’s chest and cuddles her rabbit in one of her arms.
“Papa” she repeated casually, looking between them as she waited for a response. Sam cocked a brow at her.
“Take your time.” Steve reassured, now sitting straight up to listen. The brunette chuckled.
“Well I haven’t asked Tony. He’s busy with the company, and inventing and...stuff. He doesn’t seem to want to be a dad as much as I do. Plus searching for Bucky has taken up the very little free time I had.” His blue eyes settled on something in the distance, refusing to look at the patronizing glance he knew his friend was giving him. “Plus, being an Avenger means not being home and SHIELD missions. A kid can’t just be left alone while I run around blowing stuff up.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Or babies for that matter. Hell, kids at all scared the shit out of Tony.
Never, had Tony Stark ever wanted something as much as he did right then.
The time for her to return to the adoption center came a lot quicker than either dad wanted. Ellie had settled in comfortably between Steve and Tony on the couch, big gray eyes drawn to the TV screen as it played Moana. Ellie sucked on ice chips to soothe the pain in her gums, happily humming along to the various songs in the movie. By the time it was coming to an end, it was nearly 5:15.
Steve frowned as he swallowed the last bite of the pizza he’d been eating. “Plates. Or anything for that matter, missy.” Ellie continued her giggling, slowly coming down from the hilarity of a plate hitting the floor. Tony snickered and shrugged.
“You know, if I didn’t know better, I’d say something surprised you babe.” Tony teased, bending over to lean on his partner’s shoulders.
“Welcome back! Is that a new bunny Ellie?” the front desk woman asked politely. “I bet your guest will be happy to see you’re feeling better!” she said, picking up the phone. Tony and Steve looked at each other in slight confusion. She placed the phone back down and offered the same sign in slip on the clipboard back to Steve.
Quick question, would you guys prefer I update twice a week?
“A background check?” Steve questioned, closing the file. Sam nodded sitting up.
The next morning, on his run, he looked a bit longer at the playground than he used to. He imagined pushing a little girl or boy on the swings and chasing them around the play equipment.
“What’s got your mind, Steve?” Tony asked, nudging his leg. Steve chuckled and nodded his head across the room. A dark-haired baby was peering between the bars of a nearby crib curiously. Her piercing gray eyes stared and Tony waved at her, making her break into a huge grin. Quickly, she ducked down and popped back up in a makeshift game of peek a boo, bursting into giggles everytime Steve or Tony acknowledged her, then dipping back down again. Tony’s heart...fluttered. Had it ever... done that before?
Part 2 of the Beach R&R Trip. Ellie surprises her daddies.
“Hey. Good to see you made it to out from the lab.” Steve teased, swirling the brush through a cup of dirty paint water and sitting back and stretching his arms as his bright blue eyes took him in. Tony sat down next to him and eyed the work he’d done. Each unicorn was a little different than the last, with different eye and mane colors, and they all seemed to vary in size. He gestured to it.
“Well, this may blow your mind a bit more. I have a confirmed sighting near Albania. As in, pictures and a possible residential location.” Sam explained, opening the other file and pushing it over to . Surely enough, there were pictures of a man who looked almost identical to Bucky, kind of slinking around a city. Steve looked at the photos slowly, analyzing every detail and reading over the reports. “So? What do you want to do?” Sam questioned. Steve took a deep breath and let it out slowly, thinking over his options.
“That she is.”
By the time they pulled into the parking garage, Ellie had surprisingly dozed off, still holding the billionaire's calloused finger. Tony continued scrolling through various notifications, looking uncharacteristically domestic as he held onto the toddler’s hand. Steve couldn’t wipe the grin off his face as he reached over to tap his boyfriend on the shoulder.
“Sounds very doable. I’ve got a Pepper on speed dial in case of a paparazzi emergency, but Happy will also be on standby if need be.” Steve let out a slow sigh at that, thanking god under his breath. “Are you...okay?” Tony questioned, as he took another sip of his coffee. Steve smiled softly at that, reaching out to pull the smaller man into a tight embrace.
“Natasha, Banner, Bird Brain, I’d like you to meet Ellie.” He addressed cockily, setting her feet on his legs so she could stand. Ellie blinked at them, head cocked a bit to the side.  “Well are you going to say hi or what kid?” he questioned. She grinned and sent an excited wave their way. Natasha smiled, aweing over her and reaching out to hold her.
“Maybe. I know you’re tired. Let’s get you back to sleep.” Steve lifts her to lay her back in bed, which sends her into hysterics of screaming and grasping at Steve’s sleep shirt. “Okay, okay I won’t put you down it’s alright.” He sets her back on her on his hip and bounces her. “I’ve got you. I won’t put you down honey.”
The weekend rolled around in the blink of an eye. Steve had agreed to let Peter go, as long as he consented to being extremely gentle around Ellie since the boy was prone to tripping and falling, breaking things in the lab, and trying to show off to Tony. Natasha and Sam decided to join them, along with Pepper and Happy, bringing the beach group to 8.
Originally, Steve and Tony had agreed that they would leave the kid’s room relatively bare. And they’d stuck to that. The walls were painted a pale turquoise (a color the two had agreed was gender neutral). Other than a white plush chair, a nightstand with a white, rabbit shaped lamp, pale turquoise and white chevron curtains hanging over the long glass windows, and soft gray carpet, it was mostly bare. Steve took a moment to look the room over. Nothing had changed, but maybe it should. Steve reached into the closet and pulled out a few gallons of paint; white, pink and blue, and a couple of small paint brushes. Sinking to the floor, he pictured a few unicorns playing together along the baseboard and got to work.
Steve did his best to be normal. Be a normal human being for once, he told himself, keep it down, keep the feelings on a low simmer; but that was bad, that was the recipe for letting pain show through the anger, and he didn't know how to deal with pain.
"I hadn't been back here since mom and dad died, I couldn't stand it", he heard himself confess. Where the hell was that coming from all of a sudden? And then, the compassion that shone in Steve's face was too much, and a quick step back for Tony was in order, a retreat into the practical. "There used to be electricity here and everything," he added hurriedly. "There's an old TV – a huge, thick one, you've never seen anything like it, I think – it's in their old bedroom. And a VCR. That's... never mind. The wiring must've gotten screwy at some point. I felt too shitty to look into it today. But I didn't think the place would look like this. I could have had someone refurbish it, get new furniture..."
What he thought Tony had implied – about the kiss, about his own feelings on the matter – scared Steve a little. He was so used to the status quo of misery and sadness that the possible change made him want to back off.
Tony shrugged. "All the little clues. Even if I didn't suspect anything, that indentation in the car door would have been a dead giveaway. Besides, I knew that they found you and that you went missing. I wasn't
Tony: Oh
Tony: I'm just pissed, Steve. Not at you. Don't pay attention.
Tony decided to ignore this. (His foot was okay. Or, well, no, it wasn't – obviously – but what could Steve do about it?) "Which reminds me," he said, "I can't decide at which point it becomes okay to make jokes about 'taking a look' and such?"
, he wants to tell Steve.
"Then shut up and watch the movie."
He sounded so perfectly serious and matter-of-fact that Tony couldn't keep his smile to himself. That was Steve for you, apparently. One moment he was all sad and profound, the next moment it was eyeballs and hooves.
But Steve’s eyes lingered on his torso for a moment, cataloguing his chest, his upper arms, then seemed to move down. He reached Tony’s midsection and stopped there, as if drawn by a magnet. Tony felt his cock pulse, sing, basking in the gaze. Steve’s eyes were heavily lidded now; something dark had surfaced there.
Tony: Fuck, Steve, I don't know.
– just a sip, in order to feel himself
"Who?" Peter leaned against the railing beside him, for all the world as if he was preparing to hear a juicy piece of gossip.
Santa Cap," Morgan had specified, and so Tony was now calling Steve Rogers, to whom he had barely spoken in three years, and the said three years had come right on the tail of the two years of not speaking at all. And that... sucked, but that was simply how things were between them, and that was that. They'd both screwed up, and there was no coming back from that. On a few occasions since the Snap they'd had to work together on big rescue missions, but that had been strictly business.
No, Tony thought, not Mr. Integrity. Not
– he was aware of Cap reaching towards him, and pressing his fingers right over Tony's – pressing Tony's fingers down,
