? Wait... what if Cas really didn't want to do anything with that douchebag but just thought he had to for Dean's sake? The consent issues with that reaper bitch already made his stomach turn to think about too deeply.
"You know... I always thought that if you ever did have an actual 'gay thing', it would've been with Castiel."
home?"
"Dean, I don't understand how you could possibly be upset right now," he groused.
, the word type is misleading because it implies subcategories. What I mean is that you are the unique combination of you that could make a once singular minded angel feel more human than falling or
"Are you saying those strange Muppets are like us?"
"Dean..."
that night... He owed
Dean felt his gut sink. Cas thought he didn't care about him, too. He could kick himself because
Dean's cheeks turned red and he gave a short, embarrassed laugh. "Shut up, Cas," he said without any heat. Cas smirked against his chest.
. Open for
"Look, Cas, your teeth are almost chattering. Do you want me to help stop the chills until the fever breaks or what?"
"I think this is the best morning I've had in all of existence, Dean."
Dean looked up at that, surprised and visibly relieved. "That's... that's great, Cas!" His smile was beautiful and bashful and tugged at Cas' heart.
"Get some rest, Cas."
"Do you think about you and I having sex?"
"The OG."
Cas shrugged. "If you'd like."
"Heya, Cas. I'm just checking on you. Let me know that you're alright," he said into the receiver.
The familiar, deep rumble was tinged with caution, maybe guilt, but it still felt like balm to Dean's soul. He found himself grinning like an idiot and shook his head before he let himself lean sideways into the angel, inhaling the familiar faint scent of Jimmy's old fabric softener that, for some reason, never went away mixed with thunder and oceans and celestial light.
"O-okay... But, you should have somebody, too!" Cas raised a questioning brow. "Yea! You need to get your rocks off, too, right? And it's probably been even longer for you."
"So... did you just not want sex tonight? Or you don't like it in general?" Cas turned to face him more squarely, careful not move his hand. "Like do you even... You know..." Ok, he was absolutely blushing as he made an obscene gesture with his free hand. "Shake hands with the milkman?"
Cas laid back down and closed his eyes tight against his pounding headache.
with an interesting stranger had always been enough. And this was
"Ok, now you're just making shit up!"
, he might add.
Cas sat up to do as he was told, grimacing when even the water burned on its way down.
tell Sam the whole story about what happened just before the Empty took Cas.
Dean chuckled and shook his head fondly. "I'm such a bad influence on you. Alright, sweetcheeks--" he said, leaning down to plant a smooch that was a little harder and lasted a little longer. "I just have a few conditions."
Cas' smile was breathtaking. He scooched up so that they were face to face, sharing the same pillow, and cupped Dean's face gently in his hand.
Because it was never really a choice. Sure, he could have chosen to remain an angel, but Jack's gatekeeping would have meant being stuck in heaven away from the Winchesters and he'd take that tradeoff every time -- just like he'd choose to save Dean again, without a question.
He bent down to take off Cas' shoes and socks himself, surprised by how intimate of an act it suddenly seemed. Cas must've been thinking the same because his blue eyes were wide and fixed on Dean's and he seemed to have forgotten to breathe which, regardless of whether or not he actually needed to do so, still had Dean grinning pretty goofily.
Camellia- My destiny is in your hands.
Adam snorted a laugh. “No, my assumption is magic, and tell you the truth, I’m glad, not looking forward to it.”
“You’re most welcome, Dean.” Castiel nodded back.
“Tell me where you got to Joe, I need to know?” the red-haired omega asked, picking up a dusty book from a shelf near her.
“You’re telling me.” chuckled Sandy, shaking her head.
“Dean Winchester, I need to find Bobby and my baby brother.” Dean could feel tears prick his eyes.
The bats seemed to wake with the cry of the angels. They were small, about the diameter of a Kestrel. They plummeted down from their lofty perch at the top of the cavern. The sound of their wings beating together reminded Castiel of waves crashing on rocks in a storm. The creatures shrieked and attacked the angels, their sharp razor-like talons ripped into flesh, like a hot butter knife.
John informed him that angels would collar him, make him suck cock and hide him away in a basement. They would not feed him and whip him because he’s an Omega. Dean believed him since presented all his father had done, was belittle him and hurt him. John had not allowed him to mix with Sam anymore, and Dean missed him.
Dean graduates and gets his award. Dean also has a very important question to ask his angel. Dean asks to go to his family and the pair get ready to take the next step of there journey.
“I wanted a job; I need money to see my uncle. My folks have little, so I told them I would work for it.” Dean hated to lie, but he could not reveal the truth. “I won’t be taking anything from Cal, though. I will visit him he seems lonely.”
Dean sniffed, and he stared at his angel. He was okay, thank all the Heavens, his mate was safe.
“I’m going to rule the world, Dean; it will be mine.”
“Cas, please come on fuck me alpha.” Dean's pants needing his hole filled.
Dean finished his meal and noted down the bus timetable. The bus would take him to Sioux City. He wished the bus would take him all the way, but that’s how it worked, and it was so disheartening. He needed to pop into a bank for a top-up of money and would require someplace to stay for the night. Dean watched some cartoons, missing having a T.V in the agency. It was a treat for him. Knowing he had to be up early. Setting his alarm and went to bed.
“Commander, we are losing,” exclaimed Eremiel blood was dripping down his eye. Suddenly a bat crawled along the leader’s shoulder and bit into his neck. Yelling in pain, he dropped to the floor and shook.
Dean dumped his bag down and took his clothes off. Putting the shower on and he got in and savoured the warmth. Washing the grime of the road off himself, feeling quite normal again.
Dean looked around and pouted, “Guys, I just had a thought. Do the angels only marry omegas?”
Bobby snorted and dipped his head in acknowledgement.
“Dean let her leave. We can sort this out,” Castiel tells him quietly.
Castiel came on silent wings, but one by one they all noticed the commander. The buzzing noise of voices calmed slightly. Charlie clapped and squealed as she saw her friend.
“Nice try,” growled Castiel. The angel aimed his trusty sword with his grace into the glowing coal, the heart of the creature.
“Please Dean, don’t be like that.”
“I was born, to help people?”
“I’ve come about the garden job, sir,”
“He’s a busy angel. Don’t assume for one moment Castiel does not cherish you, Dean.” admonished Cam.
The doorbell sounded, and Dean went to open it. Shocked, he stood there with his mouth hung open at the woman in front of him. “Well, boy, you going to let me in?” Missouri asked him.
The boy’s nod and swap numbers. “Good, now Adam, you sit down, and Dean up into the stacks so they won’t notice.”
“I will be fine Dean.” whimpered Harry, adjusting his head but his world spun around. “Well, maybe not. Take mine and Kate’s bags, Dean; they will come in handy.”
“Yes, remind me never to get onto it again myself.” Castiel shivers. Still, in awe of his beautiful mate.
“Why Anna? Why did he leave me again?” sobbed Dean.
John Winchester pushed his newly presented son to the intimidating white building of the Angel Agency. His friend Alistair told him he could make good money for the boy. John needed cash for his younger child and himself. The man did not care for the older boy who looked like his late wife, Mary.
“Cas, what about dad?”
They walked hand in hand into the garden; at that moment, nothing could burst their bubble of happiness. But dark clouds were ascending from the Heavens.
Castiel twisted Dean around to face him. The angel brought his hand up and held Deans head gently, tipping his head to the side, caressing those tempting lips, sweet to the taste. Castiel moaned and pushed harder. Dean’s hands were on the angel’s firm behind. Castiel’s hand-carried on down to Dean’s chest, and he sought his neck, nibbling and sucking delicious little marks.
Mertha touched his hand, giving some comfort. “To step away from you, Dean. Even when it gets so hard, it hurts his grace. If he walks away, it ends now. We recognise who you are, but we have to know for certain who Castiel is. We are not one hundred per cent clear of his lineage, the stars do not line up,”
Castiel mojoed them up to the second floor, and the angel showed him the spare room. There was a stone fireplace like the one in the living area. There was a veranda that overlooked the forest with chairs and a table. The wooden floor had thick green rugs, and the walls had pictures of the wilderness. The bed was a king, with light blue covers. In the corner was a light blue chair with a wooden bookcase and lamp. There were shelves for knickknacks and a walk-in wardrobe. The bathroom had a small shower and claw foot bath, all done in light blue and white tiles.
Dean nodded, “I guess I will learn that if he’s high up.”
“I better keep on your good side then you never find out.” quipped the angel, grinning at his mate.
“Yeah, it is, but what if…I end up like my dad? What if I’m a dreadful person and all this crap was for nothing?”
“Give me your phone. There are codes I want to give you the angels can’t crack them.” Kevin fiddles with the phone. “The app installed can decode your lanyard; you can reprogram your timetable, food, just about anything. Don’t get caught.”
“Dean, this is non-negotiable, and if I find you sneaking any food, not on your list, you will get a punishment. Your blood tests speak for themselves. Your body is still healing. Your Nephilim side has not come out, and you’re running on empty.”
“Cassie, I’m glad you ran to me with this. I will watch him, If anything arises, I will come to you.”
“Jody, can I ask what became of Samuel Winchester? Did the Campbells get contacted?”
“I kid you not; it’s an actual place.” Charlie sniggered behind her hand trying not to draw attention to them.
“Gabriel informed me that Castiel got black wings because he visited Lucifer so frequently.”
“They took that chip thingy off then?”
“Uh-huh.” Dean could not form a coherent word.
“You can carry all of us Cas?” asked Dean puzzled.
“Dean, are you with me, sweetheart?” Castiel asked, clutching the omega in his arms.
“I ain’t letting you off omega, just you and me. I think you’re alone, ain’t got no one.” The bus driver sneered.
Dean put his hand over the angels. “We can start over this coming year. We can’t keep glancing back angel, that won’t get us anywhere. Let’s look forward to our future.”
the words echoed around his head.
Warnings: Minor character death, fighting, panic attack, PTSD like symptoms.
“This is killing you, Dean; can’t they understand that?” Charlie sniffed, touching her friend’s hand.
“Castiel and Dean, on behalf of all present here today. Those in the past, present and future and our father in the Heavens. By the strength of your love, I now pronounce you bonded by words.”
The door flew open, and Gabriel stepped in. “Brother set him down he’s not worth it. Dean needs you; he’s been calling.”
Most of Dean’s friends and family sat in a large circle in the agency common room.“So, everyone’s got their jobs?” Mertha asked, glancing around for confirmation.
“Treat him, different commander, he will not be like anyone else. One wrong word and you could lose him. We could lose him.” Charlie was shaking; tears fell fast down her pale face.
“Mine.”
“Bed now, baby boy.” the angel growls, his eyes glowing red.
Dean felt the link for the first time since he had come down to Hell. He hears his mate.
“No, brother, he’s placed a sigil on the door. It will injure you. There is no way out for you. You would just be a light ricocheting off the walls.”
“Dean, will you calm down, everything is perfect,” Mertha called to the omega.
“Dean, I want you to have this,” Adam whispered.
Adam seems a little uneasy. “I want to say sorry for how I was, just know that.”
Dean gets up on wobbly feet. “I’m not coming home tonight.”
“A hot shower sounds fabulous.” Dean beamed at the woman, taking his room key.
“Maybe I should take him away, just the two of us?” Castiel thought aloud.
“Castiel, can we talk before we leave?”
Francis smiled at the younger boy. “No problem, so who’s your mate?”
“I agree with Dean, the commander and the archangels, want us to land there,” Charlie told the group.
Castiel's garrison hunt for Dean and find him. Castiel finds and helps Dean, with his demon problem.
“You two have a wonderful time,” Gabriel told them.
“Saving the world, putting Heaven back on track. It’s a tremendous task he’s only nineteen. Deans got meetings up in Heaven, then back down here. Poor kids never stood still half the time.”
“Thank you, Dean. Castiel, for keeping him safe. I will always be in your debt.” Michael bowed low in respect.
“Yes, oh,” Castiel growled out.
“I can, Hannah, no problems. Now, Dean, you must stay in the human quarters. You can only leave with your angel or your angel appointed HAG.”
Now, its the weekend and I need to go spend it with my daughter, love you all, have a great weekend. xxx
Dean feels amazed but glad someone else wants to help him. He goes to the food hall at five and then by six makes it to the library unnoticed. Adam and Charlie are waiting for him.
“Yes, commander.” Gabriel nodded and flew away.
It bore Dean; he had nothing to occupy his mind. Gabriel and Castiel were not about that weekend. No other person trusted available.
The man tutted, patting dust off his clothes and cracked his neck. “Castiel, you get one free pass in a lifetime, that’s yours. Now we need to talk.”
Castiel growled, tugging gently on Dean’s hair again, getting better access to those divine lips.“Are you okay, sweet boy?” The angel murmured — eyes like sharp razors searching for issues.
This is just started to get a Beta going over it. Thanks to Chell my friend. Bare with me while it gets done thanks x
“Don’t fall back to sleep love this is quite important.”
“Yes, Cam and Sami will keep them safe. I will dispatch someone to look after Deanna. You have today, be well.”
“Wings away, love, please.” begged the angel, scared now. Never in his entire life had he ever been this scared.
“You always have a home here with us,” Gabriel told his friend, coming in for a hug.
“A month I would bet a little earlier than you.”
“Is that safe?” queried Charlie, anxious at the idea.
The holding cell was a small round room, with sigils and every known warding mark on the walls. There was a demon trap in the centre of the place, but Crowley skirted around it. Dean noted that some sigils were lit up, striking gold against the black paint of the walls.
“Mertha, you’re an angel, you don’t have women’s issues.” giggled Dean.
“Cas please.” moaned Dean never being touched like this before, it simply felt divine.
Mertha fussed over Dean. “Castiel is going to admire this outfit.”
“Nor I, honey. Charlie researched and there has never been a known case.”
“Cas can I open my eyes now?” Dean huffed his annoyance at his angel.
“So, let this bond be made,” Michael shouted to the Heavens raising his hands high into the air.
“Thanks, Crowley. Say hi to Zad for me. I want to know how it went with Joel and Raz.”
Dean knew that it must be significant, so he put the leather bracelet on and rushed out the door.
Sam pulled Dean towards the house, but even with his family by his side, he still did not get that sense of home his soul yearned for.
Mertha laughed. “I will bring the plastic plates and cutlery out then. Think how to push him, Dean, this may not be enough.”
“It’s in my job description. I can’t help if you won’t tell me. Dean, it only makes me feel worse like I’m failing you somehow.”
Meeting Charlie in the games room, they play until midnight, and they go up to bed. Adam is not about, but Dean goes by himself, knowing war had broken out.
Dean says goodbye to his friends. School work becomes harder and he finds an interesting book in the library. Castiel goes to his big brother for help.
Both angels turned to Dean open-mouthed. Blushing, realising a student had heard and understood. The boy was underage, after all, and it could get them in trouble.
“Sorry to trouble you, Anna, but I require a word with your mate. Charlie showed my Dean around last night; he’s my mate. I had hoped she would know a little; he’s gone missing.”
“Yes, Dean, sit down.” Castiel pointed to a seat near his desk. “I just received the word; Samandriel will watch Sam. I can trust him, and he’s looking forward to the task.”
“You have no children; you have no family at all. There is no one to talk with your life is over; we will punish you for your crimes, filth.” Castiel spat out. His grace was humming in his veins, his eyes glowing electric blue.
Dean pushed his burger away, “I’m going to miss you guys, I can’t believe I have two years left of this.”
The last sphere was dark, almost midnight blue, like the night’s sky. On closer inspection, there were pinpricks of light, and he could see the constellation of stars, Orion, Perseus, and The Pleiades among others. Then shooting stars shoot across the glass, lighting up the globe within. Dean gasped in awe at the pure beauty of this fantastic gift.
“Cassie, you could have asked me for help.” grumbled the archangel.
“What does that mean?” asked a puzzled Dean.
Dean watched as they called his friends up on stage, the angels’ mates looking on with proud smiles. He clapped and cheered but felt a sense of sorrow that he would lose his best friends. His mood took a steady downward spiral, and he could not shake the melancholy he felt.
“I don’t care I hate injections.” Dean scowled grumpily.
“So, it’s fair that I could lose you? That I could lose my mate, just when I found him? Because you’re dying, that would kill me.”
“Castiel always a pleasure to greet you.” Hannah bent her head.
“Ok, Dee, if this keeps you safe, I will go. Promise you will call when it’s all over? I need to know more about my angel side. I also want to meet your mate. I have to talk to him, make certain he’s good enough for my big brother.”
“No sweetheart, you have let nobody down. It’s your father that let you down, Dean. John may think we’re dicks with wings, but we won’t let anybody get away with abusing a child.”
“Yes, alpha.” sobs Dean, his body shaking with pleasure.
“Sure, Anna promised. Plus, we can keep in touch via text and computer.” Charlie whispered and looked around, making sure no one could hear her.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The last thing Dean expected to see when he came out of the bathroom was some dude leaning over Cas at the pool table.
“Then how are you even supposed to know you like them?” He bit back quick, before the relief became too evident on his face.
Cas realized that might have been an inappropriate thing to say as Dean choked on his coffee. Sam did his best to control a smile but it spread across half his face anyway, he chuckled and patted Dean on the back as he made his way out of the kitchen.
Time was taken.
Cas thought about that for a moment. "It’s the closest thing to peace I get." he reflected truthfully. Dean snickered at that and a warm smile tugged at the corner of Cas’ lips.
It was incredibly soft, so much so that it was in stark contrast to the sharpness of Deans stubble brushing against him. He leaned back against the wall and placed his hands on Dean’s waist, pulling him closer, and Dean’s thumbs gently caressed his jaw as he coaxed the the angel's mouth open with his lips.
He waited for another chuckle, a "goodnight" but it didn’t come. Instead Dean pulled him into a hug, a very tight hug, and held him there. Cas stiffened at the touch but Dean didn’t let up, and he soon found himself melting into it, reflecting that it was exactly what he needed as he lost himself in the strong sent of Deans shampoo. Human touch, another one of his fathers creations that awed him, another he sought comfort in.
Dean slipped in a warm tongue and Cas familiarized himself with the taste of their mouths mingling together, the brush of Deans stubble playing against his own. Everything was lost in that moment, everything they had ever experienced blurred to "before" and all that was left were their lips, and their mouths, together, finally together.
"I’m fine Dean." Cas assured him, "You just gave me a philosophical issue to ponder, Angels and their lack of sleep."
“Yeah or maybe that guy would’ve forced you into something you didn’t want to do.”
Cas really didn’t have time for this, well, he did and that was the problem. "What?" he asked, turning to find Dean in a pair of blue pajama pants and a soft grey T.
"You never sleep." Dean said, munching on a greasy piece of bacon. His voice was thick and deep from just waking up and he could barley keep is eyes open as he spoke.
, “I gave everything for you.”
Dean chuckled at that, and Cas couldn’t help the feeling the sight of his smile brought him.
He clenched his fists, “Well you’re done helping, buddy.”
“Jeez man,” the guy said, throwing his hands up defensively and taking a step back. “I was just tryin’a show him a good time.”
"I highly doubt that’s possible Dean." Cas replied.
"Hey Cas wait up," he called, his bare feet pattering on the floor as he approached.
” Dean demanded, pleaded, desperation drenched in his wavering voice. It was an honest question. He needed to know, he wanted to know, why did an angel fall from heaven for a man who meant nothing? For someone who was closer to a piece of shit on the floor than a decent human being. And keep on falling.. long after it ceased to be God’s will.
It was fierce
Sam had already turned in for the night and Dean had just headed to his room, after trying to convince Cas to watch a movie with him, failing, and eventually watching it by himself as Cas stole glances at him from behind books.
"Why?" He asked, his head tilting to the side as his eyebrows knotted together. Normally he would just roll his eyes at a comment like that (it almost always led to a horrible joke) but there was sincerity in Deans voice and he became curious.
... to have an enjoyable experience, Dean.” Castiel said, pulling away.
The angel turned around, the wetness of his tears mixing with the rain on his face, the pain and desperation clear in those deep blue eyes. He had never looked so broken before, and Dean knew then, the promise of “don’t ever change” had died long ago, and he had never even stopped to mourn it’s passing.
?” Too much emphases on the word guys, and he really shouldn’t wave his hands around like that. He was making a scene. “Have you ever even
Cas could do better.
Cas looked at him, and it seemed like almost pity in his eyes.
Deans door was ajar as he passed by and he made a point not to glance inside. He was almost to the end of the hall when he heard what sounded like a body falling off of a bed, followed by Deans voice.
“Why don’t you get lost before I show you a good time” Dean spat out. He’s always been bad at comebacks, but he thinks he got the general message across.
He was even more surprised when Dean greeted him with kiss the next morning, and this time it was Sam’s turn to choke on coffee.
As if reading his thoughts Dean replied, "I mean don’t get me wrong, having to sleep sucks," he stated, taking another swig of coffee. "But it’s a break you know. Hell, it’s the closest thing to peace I get."
Cas paused, “you really think I would let something like that happen to me?” He took a step back and met his eyes, unbelieving.
“Cas wait...” he called, voice immediately thick with remorse and shame, but the angel was already out the door.
"Oh ok, well... try not to think about it too much." he said, giving Cas a tentative pat on the back.
This isn’t what Dean wanted, he wanted Cas to scream and yell at him, to shove him into the wall and say all the unspoken things between them, to beat the living shit out of him if he wanted to. Anything else but just standing there with a hurt look and a clenched jaw. Even a glance over to Sammy told him he had majorly, fucked up.
Sam was smiling softly as they returned, soaking wet and holding hands. Dean nodded at his brother as he grabbed the keys, “We’re goin' home Sammy. Take your time.”
Cas pulled back for air, looking deep into his eyes, “does that answer your question.”
Nothing was as easy and as hard as pushing open those double doors.
"I feel bad for you Cas." Dean sipped his coffee and looked up at the angel sitting across from him. His hair was wild and disheveled in the morning, Cas liked it that way.
Cas shook his head in disbelief, tears welling up in his eyes and his lips drawn tight with anger. He opened his mouth to say something, but it seemed there were too many words to choose from, so he settled on nothing.
“He’s expressed his indifference to gender tons of times Dean, and it’s always seemed like that applies to the people he’s attracted to as well.” He sat back and took a sip of his beer, “I don’t know why this is so surprising to you- ouh.” Sam let out a deflated sigh as Dean got up abruptly and stormed towards the pool game, apparently not as surprised at his brother’s reaction as he initially let on.
Cas turned around.
“You seem to have no issues with me making advances towards women." Cas contended coolly, raising an eyebrow in judgment.
That night he as he made his way down the bunkers hallway, he felt as if all the millennia of sleepless nights had caught up to him. He was tired, of what, he couldn’t be sure.
“Maybe if you left me alone I would have found that out Dean.”
Dean sighed and shook his head, “look I don’t know what to think Cas, but it seems to me like every time you slept with someone they were manipulating you!” He threw his hands up to start counting. “You’ve got creeper lady who found you in the woods and just decided to keep you, you’ve got the reaper who slept with you to get info on Metatron and then tortured your ass, I don’t even want to get into whatever that thing you and Kelly had cause she bore the spawn of Satan man and I don’t know what that says about character for you but for me- I mean, hell, even Meg only kissed you that once for your angel blade!”
It was poetry and rock music and honey and milkshakes shared in a burger joint and lightning when it hits water and everything in between.
He started walking back towards the bar but turned around. He’s been an asshole this far, why not keep going?
Dean held the nape of Cas’ neck, stroked behind his ear and gently thumbed the rain soaked hair out of his face, bit his bottom lip before letting it go.
with one?”
“Yeah well,” Dean took a step back and ran a hand across his face, embarrassed, with no way to explain what he really meant, or what he
“How?” The angel demanded. Resolve unwavering.
to mean, “that’s different.”
“And I mean, since when are you
“Dean!” Cas called sternly as the guy scoffed and walked away.
They had come out for a couple beers, some good music and food, not for some asshat to hit on his angel.
The way he crashed his lips against Dean’s. Fisted his hands further in his jacket, pulled him closer, off the wall and then back down again. It was hungry, reckless, everything they hadn’t said and everything they
Cas pondered that as Sam watched their interaction thoughtfully from the counter.
“I was
Dean scoffed at that, "Yeah, when?"
Dean let out a frustrated sigh. “It just is.”
“Don’t do that don’t you dare do that Dean Winchester,” a sob caught in the angel’s throat. A
“It answers a lot of goddamn questions Cas.” Dean chuckled breathlessly, leaned forward and rested his head on the angel’s shoulder, hands slightly shaking as they held onto him, heartbeat struggling to return to normalcy, “it answers a lot.”
"Geez, Cas! Would it really kill you to just say 'had sex with' or 'fucked'? And... I don't know! Kristy? Kristina? Something with a K."
"Oh. Because I thought Billie's human form was rather beautiful."
" He shook his head. "But, I mean, I guess it makes a whole lot of things make a whole lot of sense..."
The lack of fight caught him off guard. Not that he wanted a fight, but this was the type of scenario that was ripe for Dean's trusty, reliable defensiveness. Instead, he seemed defeated.
"I really hope so, Dean."
Dean still always made Cas' cup of Joe right along with his each morning and made him his favorite food whenever he looked like he was having a rough day. Cas still had Dean's back in every hunt in that obviously protective way and remained the only one who could get Dean Winchester to admit when he wasn't fine without making him feel like that was a bad thing. They still watched Westerns and bee documentaries and made their way through entire Netflix catalogs in the Dean Cave or listened to the mixtape on the car rides Dean always invited Cas on whenever he needed to clear his head.
"Just answer the question, Sammy."
a douchebag because Cas didn't deserve that. Wait... was this Cas' first time since that reaper bitch? Did he know to be safe? Last time he thought being safe meant having his angel blade... Should he have given Cas
And since there were no cows that called the bunker home, he was prepared for the long haul.
works for us. Now can we please just go and find your new home already and enjoy greasy burgers and beer? Dear
"No, Cas... You know I'm not one for chick flick moments but I need you to know, in case it wasn't obvious before: I love you, too. More than I've ever loved anyone besides maybe Sammy, Cas. And I mean it with all of my heart, all of my soul. I. Love. You." He punctuated the words by crowding closer until his forehead was resting on Cas', their lips mere centimeters away, both breathing too heavy to be standing still. "And if you'd like more, I think I'd like that too. Just be patient with me, buddy."
"I missed you, buddy," he said, finally looking up to see the shy tug at the corner of Castiel's lips.
!" Sam chuckled, surprised but impressed.
And that brought him to the elephant in the room that Sam, who was watching him with big, expectant puppy dog eyes, had graciously let him avoid thus far: Dean wasn't gay. Or at least he'd never considered himself gay enough to ever think about trading in his second favorite type of pie for...
going to give him fellatio for his troubles--" Dean's eyes widened in surprise at this but Cas only shrugged. "But he lived so far away that, by the time we got to his home and had a couple of glasses of wine, I checked my phone and realized..."
What was the protocol here? Dean flirted all the time, usually for a case or something, but this was the first time he was considering having sex with someone since they... What? They were still just bros, right? But if Cas was in love with him, would that mean he'd be hurt? Cause he'd had dry spells before and he could probably just not have sex at all if it meant Cas would be hurt...
been simplifying complicated things for the masses for what? Fifty years now?
in response that seemed paltry in comparison to the last set of words he'd said to Dean.
"So, it
Cas stared back at Dean for a long moment, suddenly feeling breathless and speechless as something became increasingly apparent. He had spent the past ten years accepting that he and Dean would only ever exist in orbit of one another in this queerplatonic space. He'd quietly gone through every stage of grief around the thought of it ever turning into more than that throughout the years, culminating with the moment he conjured the Empty as the final stage of acceptance. Their recent understanding even moved the needle from 'tolerable' to 'preferable' for Cas, who placed much more value in emotional intimacy than physical intimacy, anyhow. But all the while, it had always seemed an easy place, safe even, for Dean to be in (even if he didn't fully understand it). And it always made sense, what with all of his hangups around masculinity and intimacy. But, now, for the first time maybe ever,
He didn't know why, but it felt like he had just been punched in the gut.
Sam was doing the fish thing again. "Well... Yeah, Dean!" he spat out incredulously. "Yea, for starters you'd hold hands and walk off into the sunset and probably get a home and maybe start a family... All the bells and whistles! You know, relationship things!"
"Cas, when you said that the one thing you wanted, you knew you couldn't have..." He swallowed and now Cas' eyes were on him again, guarded and expectant. "You do know you've always had me, right?"
Cas rolled his eyes, reminding Dean, again, just how much of a bad influence he was on the angel as he gave him one more lingering peck.
"Cas... You deserve better. I know what you want and, believe me, it's killing me that I can't just give it to you, but I can't." He shook his head.
5 missed calls, 3 unread texts, 3 unread group texts.
had his heart squeezed in his chest by a witch before but this felt worse and he was already regretting letting the words slip out of his mouth.
Lots of things were shifting in ways that he'd never dreamed of. It was good. He just wasn't always great at recognizing exactly how things were shifting until they bit him in the ass.
angel.
Cas resisted rolling his eyes. Just last week he'd called to tell Dean that he'd encountered a small vampire nest that he planned to take on on his own and Dean had just asked him to stop for pie on the way home. "What exactly were you worried about?"
"Dean?"
Dean was used to all of the stages of Sam's face whenever he was processing something and trying real hard to find the best Dr. Phil words to match the occasion (eyebrows disappearing into the luscious mane, mouth working like a fish out of water, eventually schooling his features blank before finally switching over to the serious, concerned look) but he really wished he would hurry it up already. Dean had
you have wanted them with Cas?"
Dean snapped out of it long enough to remember where he was and what he was
"Yes, Cas, I'm sure. And last thing: one walk off into the sunset."
"Is that so?" Cas used his knees around Dean's hips to pull him in closer between his thighs, a wry smirk on his lips.
Dean rolled his eyes. He knew he really should just let it go, laugh it off as a joke. Not only was asking Sam, of all people, basically giving him permission to open up a Pandora's box of emotional talks and chick flick moments, but the question itself was a dangerous one for someone who had been desperately trying
“Well, shit, your daddy gave it to me. Said it was a gift from your mom’s family. Did not want it in the house, not with kids around.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel curtly nodded. “The other archangels have you any news?”
“Lucifer, I did not expect you to come.” Castiel held his brother in his arms, not wanting to let him go, for he may be dreaming.
Castiel swiped at his eyes angrily, not wanting his tears to fall, not wanting to sound weak.
“No one’s come lookin’ for me.” Dean nodded.
The boys laughed at the big bad warrior angel who feared him. “I’ve missed you, little brother.”
Castiel blinked up and saw the omega who had saved him. “Yes, thank you.” Castiel frowned.
“What on Heaven is wrong?”
“Dean, you’re up. How do you feel?” Charlie wondered, watching the omega with apprehension on her face.
“I need a word with Michael don’t worry it’s our turn to protect you. Get better and stronger. I have some exercise equipment in my room. Just don’t get caught getting it.”
“Thank you! That’s very kind of you.” Dean told the old woman.
“Charlie, everyone seems to fear Castiel. Why?” Everyone, even Jace, seemed to have an odd reaction to him.”
The angel groans inwardly and got up, preferring to roam through more pointless rooms.
XxXxXxX
“Charlie said I needed to come up. She sent everybody away. What is it, love?”
Dean put the ring on his angel. Castiel glanced at it and smiled when he saw that it bore a part of his mate to carry around with him. Castiel entwined their fingers, and Michael nodded his head to the choir who sang their song. They filed out, and Dean felt giddy with happiness.
“Hey, guys, when did you get back? What have you been up too?” Dean asked his friends.
Dean kissed the top of Uriel’s head. “I forgive you, Uriel, I truly do.”
“Lucifer’s not the bad guy?” gasped Dean scandalised.
“You’re the boss alpha.” Dean giggled quietly, snagging the angel’s hand.
Charlie recited it; she had learnt it off by heart at the agency.
Dean knew that book might be rubbish, but his mate had given it to him. That meant something to the older boy. With everything that had been going on, Adam must have felt kinda lonely. He knew what that felt like.
They eat breakfast; the letter burning a hole in his pocket. Castiel wanders slowly over to Dean, slightly guarded.
“Yeah.” The omega nodded.
The living space was again open plan with a brick chimney breast and a wood fireplace — lots of mismatch furniture and a comfy looking brown leather couch. There was a vast reading lamp that curved over a baby blue chair. A small bookcase stood nearby and a wooden table that had a book on it.
Pain shot across the angel’s face. “I want you. It was never about taking a human mate, or any mate. I knew something was going on and Chuck would not tell me. It was like he was taking my free will away. I had to keep away from you, and I saw the pain that caused you. I am genuinely sorry for that Dean.”
“You will grant the commander respect mud-monkey.” growled the angel.
“I tried kiddo.” the angel whispered.
“They took the book I was reading.” sniffed Adam, upset. “Michael gave it to me.”
Charlie was still glancing at the direction her best friend had just disappeared. “Cas, I know it’s like forbidden unless its an emergency, but I consider this is one of those times. Dean’s been acting odd, don’t you think?”
Then he went upstairs. The entire second floor was one room. The bed was an emperor set in the room's north corner. The walls were a pale blue, but it did not make the room feel cold but warm, anyway. There were walk-in closets and again the large windows that peered out to the forest below. There was a balcony with a green table and chairs. The room had wooden floors, but plush deep blue rugs covered the area.
Dean stood there with his mouth gaping open. “Your joking? But, but she’s a, a Fate.”
“Hey, come on, this is for you. Smile, please?” He cupped Dean’s jaw and kissed his lips.
“Cas, that can’t be.”
“I thought we could do with a treat.” He told Daisy.
“Aschaniis ol oiad tahila,” Michael told Dean, who held his hand out.
Castiel raised his eyebrow but conveyed little. “Hello, Dean welcome.”
“Hello, I’m here to auction my boy to the Agency.” The thundering tone of his father echoed around the foyer. “He’s sixteen, fit and healthy, so I’m confident you will put him to good use. I demand good money for him,” demands John, talking to the female angel on the desk.
Castiel walked over to Dean. The angel peered into the Omega’s soul. It was like peering into a supernova, shimmering in golds, reds, and greens. The brightest soul of a righteous man he would become. It took Castiel’s breath away, and he didn’t need to breathe.
Tissues at the ready everyone...
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean grabbed Castiel’s hand. “Sounds like a plan.”
Castiel tried to contact Madan but still nothing from Kappa garrison; it disturbed the angel with the radio silence. Not wanting to show such disharmony, he plastered a smile on his face, turning to his smaller faction. “We know where the room is, so that’s our goal. Both myself and Dean will require a guard. We must reach those stones, no matter what, and put an end to this war. They will come for us; there are no doubts there.”
Dean searched for his friends but hid behind a plant pot, seeing Adam and Charlie talking to a male angel. After the bullying incident, he felt insecure and wondered what the hell they were doing. The omega had been confident he had seen this angel talk to his tormentors before; he could not place the time.
Everyone ate, and the chatter grew boisterous and merry. Smiles and love for each other were at the table that night. Dean’s heart hurt, so he slipped away, not choosing to bring anybody’s mood down. No one saw him leave, that his clothes were slightly bulky. The moon was high that night, its white fingers showing him the way his only shadowy companion.
Castiel nodded and smiled softly.
“Dean, I’m leaving now I will get you in a while.” Declared Hannah. “Pam will look after you.”
“What’s your price?” Dean asked him.
Castiel stood on Everest, the world below lay at his feet. The wind and snow whirling around him, his arms were outstretched, his eyes ablaze with azure grace. ‘
There was no mention of the angel. Charlie kept giving Adam strange glances, so Dean knew there was something wrong. How could he trust them if they were hiding stuff from him? He listened to them talk and let it wash over him, trying to come up with some explanation for their strange behaviour.
Castiel strode to his target purposely. “Maybe if you gave him love and understanding as I do, let him make mistakes, let him live his own life he would have done.”
“I feel it, Missouri; they’re coming,” Dean whispered, shivering at the itch under his skin.
“At first I assumed nothing of them. Most of my life I have experienced visions in shadows like old black and white movies. Then over and over I saw stars, not unlike the night’s sky but with five points like a splayed hand. All I could see were wings and a sword. I puzzled over this but could never understand what I was seeing. Until Cas left a mark on my skin.”
Castiel raises an eyebrow, still holding on to his weapon, his angel blade never far from his mind. “What do you want from me and my mate?” Castiel asks again, not playing her game.
“Hey, you’re safer now. Don’t worry.” Dean told her kindly.
“I hope, no, I pray his powers arrive soon, then at least his human body can heal.”
East Feast Menu:
Dean stood up and saw the imprint of Uriel’s angel body imprinted ash on the floor. Walking over to John, his wings unfolded, he held his angel blade high, ready to strike. The light of the angel guard illuminated the night.
“Well, your man will cherish this. Those types always do. Long as your both happy, that’s all that matters.”
“You what? Where am I going, dude?” Dean asked, shocked.
They heard a commotion in the common area and shifted, to discover a towering angel with dark skin, stroll in and look around.
Not thinking, his mind concerned with the ever-present silence from his mate and now the injured. The angel reached out to touch the seemingly harmless stone. Castiel placed his large hand around one and picked it up.
Castiel dragged Dean into him once more and kissed him, passionately.
“Not, yet, Castiel had to get back, sort the mess out with the garrison. Cas came back with me, made sure I was safe though. We’re going to sit down and talk soon when he gets back.”
“What the king does not find out about, won’t bother him” the other’s laugh but it grating on Castiel and Dean’s last nerve.
“I guess, we do. What is it you want with me?” Castiel growled out.
John got out an angel blade, and it made Dean see red. “How many of my family have you killed? You bastard.” Dean screamed at the man.
xxxxxxx
“I don’t know. I have so much going on in my head and, I’m scared.”
Hannah bowed to the two angels. “Walk this way into an interview room; we have news.”
“Hey, Dean, how are you doing, sweetie?” The bubbly doctor asked.
“I know love, sorry to interrupt your sweet dreams.”
“Yes, they do separate people and play mind games. It happens to the best of us.” Castiel reassured his friend.
“Yeah, that’s fine.”
“Dean takes after his mom. Sweet, kind, fearless and brave. He would not leave someone to die by themselves, even though he realised it would hurt him. I’m glad he gets none of your DNA, truly.”
“All eyes are watching you. Get back to normal, or you won’t be going anywhere.”
“Sammy, you ready?”
They talked about this and that until a middle-aged man walked into the shop and sighed with relief.
Chuck stood and paced the room and faced the two lovers on the couch.“I realised my creations; humans were going to be trouble. I had given them free will. I did not want to have to educate them, to make them do anything against their will. They should choose their paths in life for good or bad. For Crowley and the crossroad demons, they had new subjects. Lucifer helped in Hell, and we realised there were good and evil in the demon world.”
“The angel that guarded Uriel?” Dean asked, thinking back when he had heard that name before.
“Seraphim first class,” whispers Jace like it’s something impressive.
Her breathing was slightly laboured, but she nodded. “Thank the lord. Now we need to find Dean and the others.”
Dean glanced at his watch and exaggerated his movements, the other boy observing him. Flopping back, he huffed loudly.
“Come on Cas stop, please.” giggled Dean, tears rolling down his face.
“Dean Winchester, you will look at me. You have suffered, you are not a victim but a survivor. If it takes every day until this world ends, me saying that you are unbelievable, then I will do it.” growls, Castiel, needing to hunt down John Winchester for what he had done to this sweet boy.
“Hey, ouch. Sure, promise I won’t be late. See you tomorrow.” He let out a loud yawn and stretched his arms.
“Bobby Singer, well it just so happens that I know him. What’s your name?” she probed gently.
’ he thought to himself.
“Get on with you, boy. I’ll tell the commander.”
Castiel placed the bracelet around his wrist and secured it. “Thank you, Dean, this is wonderful. There is something you’re not telling me.”
“Then let the bond be made,” Michael chanted loudly to his audience.
“That’s your new project then. Now be good for Missouri, she’s a white witch, so maybe she will teach you a thing or two.”
“Okay.” shrugs Dean. All he needed was food, and to sit down.
XxXxXxXx
Castiel sorts John out, making sure he knows, he knows his power. John as a plan but it does not pan out. Gabriel looks after his family.
“Why the hell would I want to talk to you about?” exclaimed Dean in shock.
Dean never realised his brain was shrieking his dads, name, that his mate could hear him loud and clear. Dean relaxed, glad that he had his angels’ support. Castiel made him seem safe, made him realise he could achieve anything he wanted. Castiel gave him wings to fly.
“I want to know why they came after me in the alley; they said some stuff about mom.”
“I brought Castiel a Feast gift. I never gave it to him. We’re meeting for lunch shortly. I want him to have it; now we are more settled.”
“Confess, you have invariably been at his side, Cassie. You never actually abandoned him, you broke the rules for him. Keep doing that little brother. I have a feeling he’s going to need you, eventually.”
Castiel clutched his omega tighter and buried his head into Deans’ shoulder. “I love you; I will never stop. You’re the best thing that ever happened to me. It will pain me to let you leave love. If it’s what you need, then I will grant your wish,”
Michael dropped them off a mile down the dirt path that leads to Cain’s house. Stating it was a beautiful day, so they should stretch their legs. Dean had spent little time with his brother-in-law since he finds the angel easy going and that he has a fondness for cars. That’s why he learnt to drive. They talk about new and old vehicles. Dean found him admiring the older angel a lot more.
Gabriel just grinned, and Mertha rolled her eyes.
“No clue. Something to do with this test.” Dean shrugs, wishing his head would stop throbbing.
“I-I did?” Castiel peeked out from under his fingers.
“Don’t worry, little one.” Charlie chirped,” But if he does that thing with his eyebrow, just know that trouble’s brewing.”
“They never wanted human mates; we observed them talking. Maybe they performed some deal. With me away with my garrison it’s been harder to look into the situation.”
“Yeah, I could eat and drink.” Dean agreed with his angel on the matter.
Dean chuckled and kissed his mate’s burning cheeks. “Hey, babe, don’t sweat it. I guess the lakes got bigger now, which is excellent. They wanted to create that but worried about the beauty of the area. You carried out a remarkable job. I mean, you even increased the trees.”
“Steady son.” A man called from below. “Let me get up there, not a job for a young boy like you.”
“I think Dean will love that Cas.” Sam beamed at his future brother-in-law.
“I will investigate, if I am not back or you hear anything untoward, get out of here.”
Cas had met his mom and she loved him like her own. Dean had practically adopted Cas' son as his own and they
"You're beautiful, Cas," he whispered into his hair, feeling adventurous enough to say it aloud, even if Cas was sleeping soundly.
When he sniffed his pits, Sam just rolled his eyes and tossed his napkin at him. "A-Ro-Man-Tic! I said, have you ever considered that you might be aromantic? Or maybe even demiromantic? Or shoot, I think there's a greyromantic, too!"
"Hey, maybe it's like pigeon poop. You know that crap's supposed to be good luck?"
"Dean?" he croaked, sleepily. "Is this all a dream?"
"Yea," he said, dialing the number (one more) one more time. "I'm just... Nachos and beer nuts, you know what I'm saying? I'll be out in a minute!"
Cas stared down at his folded hands, frustrated. "Dean, you already know that I never would have said those things aloud if there had been any other way, but I believe I said at the time that I didn't expect anything from you."
He dialed Cas' number but it just rang and rang.
Dean knit his brows together. What was Sammy not getting? "That's why I'm asking, you big doof! What does more look like when you've already gone to heaven and hell and searched purgatory
Dean kissed his forehead and rocked his hips once. Cas' actually moaned and
Jerk."
"What?" Dean frowned, not understanding where this was going but having long learned that Cas' seemingly random lines of thought usually had a way of connecting to something meaningful to him. He sighed. "You mean like a
"Why?" Oh yeah, full squinty face.
"I'm in the bartender's bathroom."
Cas squinted. "Which one?"
He thought it only by the grace of Jack that he didn't completely lose it at the look on Dean's face when he spun around, face scrunched up in confusion, green eyes following her gaze across the bar to find, not some hot, young chick batting her lashes, but a big, burly bear of a man
started a family. What if at the end of those long days they
than best friends -- like, you just
Cas shrugged. "You have been philandering with women the entire time that I've known you."
Sam waited for signs of his brother's impending conniption but he was surprised when Dean's only reaction (besides the fact that his face had turned beet red) was to raise his fruity drink in the dude's direction and nod his thanks. Yea, sure he couldn't quite seem to meet the guy's eyes, but... still!
Dean nodded.
"No, I'm not mad, I'm just incredibly confused... Dean, I
He reached for his hand and Cas took it, pure blue eyes staring fondly into green and, all at once, Dean felt absolved and good and safe and
Sam's hands rose placatingly as if trying his best not to spook a skiddish cat. "Okay... Okay. Wait, are you trying to ask me if I would've supported you? Because, Dean, you know I love you and I loved Cas -- of course I would've supported you..."
"Dean... You are the only person I want to have sex with."
Cas looked at him wryly. "And you would do this for him now? As an adult."
"Oh, you son-of-a-bitch!" Dean laughed and rolled Cas onto his back to kiss the smartass out of him.
to just fuck. You seem like the type who would... I don't know... dole out body kisses and whisper sweet nothings and shit. Or something." It was especially hard to tell in their current lighting, but Cas would've sworn he was blushing. "And that's not really what you want in a situation like this."
Cas frowning down at him, tilted head and squinty eyes and all, confused by Dean so readily invading his personal space.
it to be enough! Thankfully, Cas -- the literal Godsend that he was -- looked pleased as punch, like it was all he'd ever wanted and... OK. Maybe... Maybe they could figure this out after all.
Apparently that did it because, right on cue, Dean raised his hands, defensively. "You got it all wrong, man -- this isn't like a jealousy thing! I was just... worried about you, is all!"
If completely freezing after a heartfelt love confession wasn't enough to do the trick, then surely greeting the man (fresh back from the dead after sacrificing his life through the power of freakin' love and then, subsequently, having relinquished his powers just so that Jack would let him come back to earth to be with, you guessed it) with a measly clap on the back and a '
"No problem!" Sam got out once he finally composed himself. He smiled a big, bright, megawatt of a smile and said, "And guys? It's about damn time!"
And that was enough, really. Because Cas had been right all along: Sometimes happiness is in the being; In the saying. It was enough for them to just know and
Cas narrowed his eyes in question.
" again, but it was too late. A decade's old thought that now felt too bittersweet sat front and center in his mind, clawing for purchase. Despite Dean's apparent progressiveness, he still didn't know if he should press his luck...
Fuck a
you? You and Cas? I mean?"
"Yea," Dean kissed him again, this time nipping at Cas' bottom lip and soothing it with his tongue. Wow, this really did feel natural. What the fuck had they been waiting for? "Firstly, this is awesome. Much more of this."
"Hmm... interesting. Well, Dean," she leaned in close. "I'm Ashley, I'm off in 30, and I know how to do a few things with my tongue that should probably be illegal, if you want to check it out."
"Dean, wait-- ok, now, what exactly did Sam do to you?" he chuckled, clearly recognizing Sam's handiwork.
He parked facing the ocean and got out to sit on the hood, taking a moment to breathe and calm his nerves.
He exhaled a long breath and tried to mentally prepare himself to go back out there and have some fun himself. He got as far as his hand on the handle before he realized that he should probably at least leave a message.
"Really? So titles and commitment and waking up next to the same person every morning and pillow talk and promises and future planning sound like a good time to you?" He shook his head, eyes rolling up to the ceiling and huffing out a laugh, "PDA and snuggling and 'chick-flick moments' over just sex?"
He was feeling kinda bad for opening all this up... Yea, it was cool to
Castiel smiled and caressed the side of his face with his thumb. There was a sparkle in his eye and the corner of his mouth twitched as he responded, "I know."
Dean closed his eyes tight and asked the question he only now realized he was afraid of asking. Afraid of the response. "Whatcha doin', Cas?"
There was something about his gentle tone and the understanding, encouraging nod of his head that left Dean feeling overwhelmed and speechless. But then Cas was at his side.
"Finally decided to push the beds together?" he finished for him.
"I mean, I'm all for keeping this part," he continued, pecking Dean sweetly on the lips again, a smirk playing on his own when he pulled away (which tugged at something in Dean's gut). "And adding more. But since you managed to get yourself killed mere months after my final sacrifice, we do seem to have a lifetime before us in the closest thing that heaven has ever been to paradise. I believe we have time to figure out what
to be doing. The bartender chick was staring up at him, trying and failing to get little Dean's attention, too.
"Uh... Hiya, Sammy..." He rubbed at the back of his neck, guiltily, and shot him an apologetic smile. "Sorry, we um..."
Cas was staring at his cell with his brows furrowed in concern.
, he and Cas' was profound! They could've had that! Not just
"I know that, man, I'm just surprised that
so soon..."
Cas had looked so hurt and then silently resigned as he hit him with a
"Maybe. But like... Cas..." This was the part that worried him most because he had no idea where Cas stood here. "You know Bert and Ernie have separate beds, right?"
Dean reached up to let the backs of his fingers brush lightly against his cheek and smiled when Cas leaned into the touch, eyes fluttering shut far too reverently for Dean to deserve.
"Maybe that's the whole damn problem. Maybe it didn't need to be more. I already knew Cas loved me, it didn't need to be said -- especially not when I felt like the only reason he was saying it in the first place was to say goodbye. Well God dammit if I didn't want to say goodbye!" He looked down at his fist to avoid the puppy dog eyes. When he spoke again it was hushed. "I just... I just hope to Jack that it was as clear to him as it was to me that I loved him with everything I got. I mean, c'mon, Sammy -- he was my best friend!"
"And I you, Dean. I wished to see you as soon as Jack released me from the Empty but he's been very insistent about order and gatekeeping and, while he assured me that I'd see you soon, Dean, I really didn't think he meant
Sam only looked even more confused so Dean sighed and decided to finally,
"No, Dean -- There's not just different sexual orientations but also romantic orientations to think about. You know how I don't usually have sex unless I have some kind of romantic attraction?"
, per se, but it sure as hell would make him feel a lot less guilty. He plastered on a big, encouraging smile and pat Cas on the back. "See anyone you like?"
was that hot!
There was no immediate, drastic change between them. There didn't need to be.
Dean walked into the war room to find his brother looking amused yet slightly exasperated. Meanwhile, Castiel, former angel of the Lord, was sat at the map table frowning down in deep concentration at what, at first glance, appeared to be a rubber duckie. Oh, yeah -- nope, it was at second glance, too. He looked to Sam who only shrugged in response.
"Yea, Cas. Are you?"
He shrugged. "Nothing. He just made me realize that I do this weird thing where I look at friendship, sex, and relationships like they're never supposed to... I don't know, cross streams! And maybe I'd actually
He was stuck to the spot, still staring at the closed door that Cas had just walked out of.
His heart fluttered when Dean smiled sweetly in response and then lifted their intertwined hands to press a soft kiss to the back of Cas'. He looked up at the vacancy sign and then back at Cas before nudging him with his shoulder, suggestively.
! It's bad enough as it is but, on top of that, I can't shake this feeling that I let him down, man! I don't even know what he wanted, can't ask him, but I still let him down." He huffed and looked away.
The stupid part was that he'd spent
"No, Cas." It wasn't the first time Sam or any number of people or creatures, friend or foe, had joked about their relationship but this
Cas narrowed his eyes. "Yes, you said --"
"Really? Because you still look like death."
"Hey, Cas."
The last of a weight he hadn't even realized he'd been carrying simply slipped away and Dean floated on cloud nine as he pulled Cas close and kissed him like no one was watching (Which Sam certainly did not appreciate but, hey, he'd get over it).
"I resent that I have survived for millenia as a soldier of God and now a common viral infection has the power to take me out. But no, Dean. I don't regret any of the sacrifices I made to keep you safe or be here with you today. My only regret is that you feel responsible for it."
Cas nodded, speechless, but he just looked so awestruck and so perfect and Dean felt his heart swell before he closed the gap, letting his lips press gently to Cas'. And then he did it again. And again. Just chaste, sweet little things that made him feel giddy. And Cas was smiling. Honest to goodness smiling!
"Sam."
Dean rolled his eyes and tried to make his voice sound gruffer, tougher, when he spoke.
He owed Cas more than that and he knew it. Hell, as much as he'd beaten himself up over the way he'd just...
deserve to have someone with less hangups. Someone who could give him what he needed.
He shrugged and took a sip of his sweet ass drink, hoping it would wash away the lump in his throat -- it wasn't half bad.
Dean blushed harder than a nun in an adult toy store. "Kinda strong for a pickup line there, buddy." Because he didn't know how many mornings there were in 400 million years but it wasn't exactly playing fair.
"Oh." Dean didn't like the kicked puppy look any more than he liked the angry scowl. The man hadn't looked like he'd had a happy moment since...
Cas sighed. He held out his hand, palm side up between them. An offering. Dean didn't take it fully, but he did reach out to gently trace the lines of his palm with the tip of his finger, making Cas' heart warm.
Dean stared straight ahead as Sam climbed in but he could tell his eyes still looked weak and red and he wasn't surprised that, when he finally spoke, his voice was still a little too raw.
"Yea, but the worse part was I didn't even get to say anything to that! I was just so fucking confused by what the fuck was happening and why, and then he was just......
"Dean, what is the name of the last woman you had intercourse with?"
"Cas, do you actually know who Bert and Ernie are?"
type of weary, but the
But then Cas went and caught the flu.
Dean rolled his eyes. "But like...
They could've--
Amy, or whatever her name was, was pretty and confident (
Dean huffed out a laugh and rubbed up and down Cas' arm, comfortingly. "This ain't that, Cas. I used to do the same thing for Sammy all the time when he was little."
"Uh... Yea, I guess..."
Dean smiled, candidly, and shook his head like he couldn't believe he was about to say this next part. "Yea, Cas... I mean, how could I not when you're walking around telling me you love me and shit? And, have you seen yourself in a doctor's coat or a cowboy hat? Come on man." Cas felt like his whole world was pivoting, shifting upside down and turning inside out all at once. He'd never in his wildest dreams imagined that he'd hear those words. Dean shook his head again. "Putting the two dicks thing aside, it's just... Cas, I've never had something like this. With anyone! I don't have the blueprint for all this feelings crap and I don't want to mess it up. But like, sex has never meant that much to me besides like base, hedonistic pleasure and whatever we have, man, it seems pure. I don't want to turn it into whatever crap I have with girls, but adding all this feelings shit into it is..."
they are each other's person and they lo--" He swallowed. "Love... each other."
"Ehhh... I don't know about that, Sammy. You were liable to start drinking demon blood for some good cookie and I wouldn't exactly call that normal," he said, smugly.
Dean's jaw dropped and something stirred in his gut at Cas' words.
"Unkown."
thing going for you." He shrugged nonchalantly and then turned to look Cas in the eyes. "I just figured if this was your first time bumpin' uglies with a dude, then you at least deserved somebody who would see that and be gentle with you, you know? And then I just kept thinking about the fact that I don't even know if you know
his face heat up over the phone. "Pssshhh! Uhhh... Nooo. Your phone must be acting up."
"Terrifying," Dean countered.
"I only wish that you could see past my sacrifices to see my gains. That you could believe me when I say that you are worth it."
It took a while, but finally,
"Are you ok?"
He heard Dean's footsteps come closer and the glass clink on the nightstand before the bed dipped with his weight. Cas cracked open his eyes to find Dean sitting on the edge of the mattress staring at him with something warm but conflicted in his gaze. He reached out a hand to his forehead to check his temperature and then gently brushed away the damp hair plastered to his face.
Sam looked heavenwards and sent up a silent prayer to Jack or Castiel in the Empty or whoever had ears open that they
I'm so sorry, Dean! I didn't know!
Cas shrugged. The medicine was already starting to kick in and he could feel sleep nipping at his heels. "Well I think most humans are beautiful in some shape or form."
list running (of which a certain badass angel with constant bedroom eyes had long been the front runner), but Sam was right... Sex had never been about an emotional attachment for him and a nice, warm slice of
He heard the whoosh of feathers and felt the dip of the hood sinking beneath him but kept his gaze forward, almost too afraid that he'd somehow been mistaken.
Cas stirred and Dean kissed him on the nose to help coax him awake, smiling lovingly when blue eyes slowly blinked open.
He knew he must be burning up, yet, he couldn't stop shivering despite the two blankets he was buried under.
He sighed.
to think about the whole potential dumpsterfuck of shit it stirred up. Cause really, what was even the point if he couldn't have Cas back? But there was a little (big) part of his sad, battered heart that couldn't let it go now that it was out there.
Then he shot him a quick text in case he didn't listen to the voicemail.
"Yea, yea -- sorry to blow your sacrifice so soon but, to be honest, Earth just doesn't feel right without any angels in it and I needed mine back."
Sam was clearly still trying to ask him if he was a part of the LGBT alphabet soup but... Something was making it feel more complex than whether he liked dick or not because it wasn't Cas' dick that had him so conflicted (or at least no where near as much as he ever thought it would). It was bigger than that but he couldn't put his finger on why.
meal?" Cas only shrugged so he took his own liberties. "I made you pot roast with potatoes and glazed carrots the other day... You've been on that cinnamon toast crunch kick the past few days -- but I don't know if that really counts. And you had beef jerky and chips for the car ride. Speaking of which, you gotta eat a vegetable today, Cas, or you're going to be stopped up like nobody's business."
"I don't know yet, babe. Let's just take it one step at a time," he said, reaching down to grab Cas' hand and actually urging him to put one foot in front of the other.
should have this, then."
Cas sighed and now he felt especially stupid.
Cas squinted, confused. Dean's heart was beating frantically as Cas tried his best to search his soul, as if he still had the power. Then his face softened and a warm smile slowly spread across it.
Cas frowned in confusion and then decided to just answer the parts of that that he understood. Like the confession before the Empty, Cas felt hesitant to share, nervous that maybe it'd reveal too much and be too much for Dean. But something about Dean's thinly veiled vulnerability tonight made him think that the truth might actually be the balm that Dean needed.
"You," he said, simply.
Dean had to admit, their aim was pretty dead on. He was just about to make a joke about his brother being lucky it came out the top end when the bartender tossed her hair and bent low in front of Dean, cleavage spilling onto the bar top.
freaking out because he just wanted Dean to be happy!
Cas was too damn important to ever risk fucking things up just for the sake of getting their rocks off. But now, sitting in this dive bar in the middle of Akron thinking about having chick flick moments with an angel, his mind drifted to the thought of him beneath Castiel -- not just
Sam let out a long breath and Dean could tell he was measuring his words carefully. "That's... Shit, dude..." He shook his head, speechless. Finally, he frowned and asked, "But it still comes back to the question of would you have
"So, does that make you Ernie?" Dean choked on his beer. Sam chuckled at his own lame joke, seemingly proud to have jiggled the latch on Pandora's box, just for funsies.
. Who does it for you? What's your type?"
He peaked up at Dean, trying not to think too much about it, lest he got called "
have some answers, but now what? Cas was gone and his brother had just realized that he doesn't love right and, now that he finally realized he could've had something more and actually wanted it, how was he ever supposed to get that again? How, when it had taken someone to pull him out of literal hell and withstand multiple apocalypses with him the first go round? He felt
"Good morning, sleepy head." He rubbed up and down his bare back, soothingly, and Cas blinked up at him, drunk off the touch.
He couldn't say that it was
I do, and now I don't know what is happening."
"Dean, did you not tell Sam that we were sleeping elsewhere?"
"Yep, Dean Bonham, FBI. We're just wrapping up a case in town."
at him.
come together instead of going their separate ways? Sharing a bed. Him trying to stay up all night talking the angel's ear off about stuff that wasn't monsters. Giggling like the school boys that they never got to be about stupid stuff they each liked like Star Wars or Honeybees. Taking comfort in Cas watching over him, but actually from the comfort of his arms...
"Ok."
The flirty smirk came naturally. "Why hello there, sweetheart. Sure, another round for me and my friends here."
more with Cas?"
"Forget what I said!" His freckled face flamed as he remembered his own words before they faced Raphael all those years ago. "I'm just sayin', maybe the good folks over on Sesame Street had it right not to label 'em. The point is they're best friends. But not like Big Bird and Elmo are best friends, you know?" Cas had his face all scrunched up in confusion. "They're
"Come on, Sam. Let's go find those kids."
Cas nodded. "But it could be beautiful. And you do do things that terrify you on a fairly regular basis."
He stared down at the pavement. "You know, at some point in all this it just hit me that I had probably just pushed you right into the arms of the man that was going to make you open your fucking eyes and realize that you can have better. That I'm not all I'm cracked up to be because I couldn't even give you what you want."
They'd found themselves in Grantsburg, Wisconsin one late afternoon after Garth called about an potential rogue werewolf and, of course, no one wanted Thriller bringing any extra attention to Garth's family. They'd stopped by a bar for drinks and cheap bar food after they'd hit an unexpected roadblock.
Dean shook his head and chuckled, lightly, to himself. "Not yet, Cas."
"Did you want to?"
Banging at the door made him jump before the guilty ex-angel could answer.
"It's just not following the usual rules. I think we need to go back to the drawing board because I'm not even sure this is a werewolf. If not, then a silver bullet is only going to piss him
Dean laughed. "So, you saying I should do you, Cas?"
"Dean...
words, at least. Although... Sesame Street
. He was just about to apologize and backpeddle when Dean surprised him for the second time in five minutes:
"That's not what I mean, Cas."
"You can go and fornicate with that woman, Dean. I don't care."
Dean wiped the beer from his chin and chanced a glance at Cas, not surprised to find him carefully watching his reaction, full head tilt and all.
didn't expect dude to down his beer, wrap his arm around Cas' waist, and lead him out of the bar without either of them giving Dean so much as a backwards glance.
"What was the last meal I had before this?"
for each other? When you've died for each other and would do it again? When you already trust and confide in each other more than anyone? What? Are we supposed to hold hands and walk off into the sunset to prove something to somebody?"
Cas simply shrugged and pulled the covers more snug around them. "Then I'll say it every morning that I wake up next to you," he said, sincerely. Dean's heart melted at the words and he was putty when Cas' lips claimed his, soft and yielding, yet, possessive. And that's why Dean loved Cas. He always saw through his bullshit insecurities and never let him push him away when he really wanted to be held closer.
At that, Cas looked truly touched and paused his wandering hands to pull back and search Dean's eyes. "Are you sure, Dean?"
"You told Sam?"
"Huh."
type.
He made sure to do the air quotes. "--is the thought of you and I being as close as we ever possibly could in this form, not necessarily the act itself. It's only ever you. Always you." Then he added, as an after thought, "And yes, I masturbate."
He rolled his eyes. "That is
bravado that it made Sam roll his eyes. "It's 2020, a dude can take a compliment from another dude without being a dick about it."
"What are you talking about? I'm romantic! I'm downright charming!" he smirked,
Dean just nodded fervently and Sam got the impression that he was trying to find some type of resolve.
Dean's eyes grew the size of saucers as he rushed to find his phone.
"Anyways, where I need romantic love, you don't seem to in the same ways. Maybe you're just content with familial love and platonic love. Maybe you just feel those so much stronger than romantic love." He shrugged too casually.
Dean snorted and then squeezed him closer. "Dream realized, maybe," he said before planting another kiss on his forehead.
"Hello, Dean."
Dean's heart clutched and he swallowed because, now that he thought about it, the only complaint he ever had about his angel was that he wasn't around enough. That was easy enough to chalk up to Dean's protective side and, knowing how much trouble Cas was bound to get into when he was left up to his own devices, made sense he'd want to keep him close. But there was also the fact that, whenever there was something he was excited about or found funny or cool, the first person Dean wanted to share it with was Cas. Maybe it wasn't just because his friend learning new things was kinda cute but because him learning new, little known parts of Dean (like the bits and pieces of his soul) and still loving him made him feel so God damn good...
Cas looked away. Ok, he was just going to pretend he hadn’t said that, that was fine.
“No.” Castiel admitted to the dingy wood floors, and Dean let out a breath he hadn’t know he was holding.
As he approached their table and sat down heavily, Sam looked at him like this wasn’t completely different, like it’s something he should’ve already known.
"Hey, you all right buddy?" Dean caught up to him and laid a hand on his shoulder, "You seemed a little off today."
“Dean and I will be in opposing garrisons, but we will rendezvous in human Hell. Gabriel, Lucifer, Michael, and Raphael will take garrison Gamma, Delta, Epsilon and Nu. I will lead garrison Beta as they know my command. I will put Dean with Kedi, whose command leader for Zeta garrison. This garrison is a mix of humans, angels and Nephilim. Anak and Zakum, you’re both in charge of Eta, and Theta garrisons. You are the largest of the garrisons; you will split the guard between entrances of the Hell gates on Earth.”
High-pitched shrieks rang out. Black smoke billowed out of the mirror. His hands had shards of glass sticking out of them, blood dripping onto the stone floor. Hissing through the pain, Dean snatched the white sheet off the floor and threw it over the fractured mirror. There was a sudden loud scraping of stones and clanging like machinery. Dean turned to discover where the noise was coming from. A doorway had opened up in the brick wall on the opposite side to the mirror. He glimpsed back down at his hand, there was no trace of the incident; he had healed himself. Deans powers buzzed around him. His shackles of the pass had fallen aside. The dark reassesses of his mind no longer distressed him. Dean moved on, out of the doorway to find his garrison and his mate. He was no longer scared of the dark, for he knew now he carried the light of the world on his wings.
“I don’t get this, how come it looks like the day?”
“They did what now? Cassie, have you got any further in detecting who sent them in?”
Dean sighed heavily and leant into the warm embrace of his friend. “I know it sounds selfish with war brewing on the horizon. I wish me and Cas could become bonded. Have all my friends and family around us. A slice of happiness before crunch time.”
A firm body and hands wrapped around him, and the angel kissed the back of his neck. “Your uncle will expect us soon, love; you better get dressed into something more suitable.”
“Mertha, you won’t do that to me?” whined Dean, pleadingly.
“There is no need to shout Mr Winchester. Let’s start, shall we?” The angel was staring daggers at the older man. “Now Dean’s condition is not exemplary. His mental health I gave two out of ten. His physical condition again two out of ten. We’ve had to run a full blood count, so again that will keep the cost down. His age and his status, of course, will bring the money you get up and some good news his line is a Seraphim.” Hannah could see dollar signs in front of Johns’ eyes when she mentioned that.  “We can give you thirty thousand dollars.”
“Walk away from me again, and I will tan your hide.” spat Castiel in full alpha rage.
“Before the Lord could help, the wise woman the wickedest Fate of them all. They used to be four, but now there are two.”
“What! He said that to you?” Adam and Charlie looked on with horror.
“Dean, will you stop pulling on your tie? It will have too many wrinkles,” Adam growled, tying the tie into a Winsor knot. “You look amazing in that suit. Is it the one you wore for your first graduation?”
“No, Dean, we have to take the right tunnel, that will lead us to the human Hell. I have no inkling where the left tunnel will lead us.”
Anna snorted. “Cassie is not pleased. That dad put you both through these tests. We could hear him wailing on angel radio, my quiet, mild-mannered brother.” she chuckled and shook her head. “Then he rushed home and would not come out of your nest. growled out the command for his garrison to find the ring. asked Gabriel to bring your clothes and we’ve had radio silence ever since.”
“I told him the rules I expect of him. Dean, he broke down over burgers and pie Gabe. Then when I told him why he was inconsolable and for the rest of the day, he would not leave my side. Dean informed he was lonely. Although he had people, he spoke to, he had no friends without Adam and Charlie.”
He muttered to himself.
The garden was empty. Dean could hear the soft trickle of water. Tall trees towered up high into the brilliant bright blue forget-me-not sky. The scent of flowers fills his nose with wafts of perfume. Dean walks over a bamboo bridge. A crooked pond lays beneath, and he sees fish’s swim to the surface catching flies.
.’ Castiel whispered through the angel radio. Dean dug his angel blade out for safe measure; the battle was imminent. The angels surged upon the foul hell beasts. Dean saw others near the entrance they had just arrived. The omega pulled some team members back and fought the humans before they could get at his garrison.
There was a noise of accomplishment from Kevin, and Gabriel went over to the young omega.
“Dean, I have to collect blood from you,” Dean responded, and he turned his head aside when Pam got to work. “Sharp scratch baby, that’s it relax. You’re doing great Dean well done.”
Hannah turned to Pam and spoke. “Deans been abused Pam, we need pictures, for evidence. I have to call Jody Mills, and you need to run line testing. I have a feeling he’s a Seraphim blood tie, his soul sings to me.”
Gabriel waved his hand, and a room appeared with two cots. Shaking his hand again, they gently placed both angels on them. The angel blew his horn and strips of gold chains looped around their torsos, arms and legs, so they could not escape if they awoke.
Dean, Adam and Charlie ate their food, chattering about their friend’s latest adventure’s. Dean could see that Castiel was talking to Mertha. The angel turned, and the omega knew he was requesting permission, and he nodded his head. Castiel smiled and hugged his sister.
“Call me Cal.”
“No, not really.” Adam shrugged.
“I think not John. Dean forgave, you, yet you still treat him like this.” Castiel was growling louder, like thunder, he stalked John like a tiger slaking its prey. “You will end your reign of terror; you will cease to exist on any plane of existence. You’re a vile plague, I dislike you,” growled Castiel, who picked the man up, lifting him so high his head scraped the cave ceiling.
“You are overly close to an object we guard. I assume you know what it is, commander; you are far from stupid. You will never reach it. We have a meagre gift for Dean, its waiting for him.”
“I’m observant, angel.” Dean winked.
“I love him, Adam, I never had one before, thank you.” Dean sniffed, touched by his gift.
“I have no idea, sweetheart, but that was out of this world. Castiel gently kisses his mate sweetly. Tracing his fingers down his sweat-soaked body. “Let’s get a shower.”
XxXxXx
Dean walked back to the human side of the agency before he turned to Amber’s desk. Mertha pulled him into a room by the entrance.
Castiel paused and studied Dean with soft eyes and brushed a hand through his hair. “The moment I sensed Dean I recognised he was special, he was mine, and that I had to protect him. You kept me away from my mate, father. You allowed Dean to think I did not want him, did not love him. I’m not confident I can forgive you for this.” Castiel bowed his head in contrition.
“Well, that won’t be a human than, they aren’t capable.” Jace sneered.
“Fine, open your eyes then.” grunted the angel, once again sounding like he wanted the world to swallow him up.
“Now, remember Castiel; Dean hates the reminder of John Winchester. I think it’s the last name.”
Dean glanced between the two alphas nervously; his gaze kept resting on the black stone, something was pulling him towards it. Dean blinked over at Charlie and Gzrel in the little room they waved, but he could not hear them. He looked at the battalion, trying to work the bars free, but he knew it would be of no use. It was two humans, one Nephilim and one angel against the Fate of the world.
When he got up the next day, he cleaned his teeth, sprayed some deodorant on and did his business by a tree. He drank some water and ate some beef jerky. Putting plasters on his blisters, wishing his Nephilim healing powers would come to fruition. Dean went on his way, not noticing the single black feather that was lying next to his bag when he packed it up to leave.
Back at the agency Katie, Charlie and Amber were decorating the agency’s garden. The arty types had made streamers and hung them around the trees. Cam had put the arbour up. On one side there were blood-red roses and the other lemon-yellow roses. It depicted the colours of the alpha and omega. He placed a wooden stage around the arbour so that the mates could stand and one slightly raised for the angel of ceremonies.
Someone cleared their throat behind them, and Dean glanced up. “Cas, I didn’t think, you could come today?”
“I will get you some help, brother,” Castiel told the ailing angel.
“Are you kidding me?” Charlie looked uneasy.
“Aschaniis ol oiad tahila Dean,” Lucifer told the young omega. “I hope you will look after each other. Love each other and treasure every moment you have with each other.”
“Hey, I get it, but no more shit like that. Deal?” Dean holds his hand out, and Adam smiles and shakes his hand.
“I reconsidered. I know about Jace and Hael, but not about Ion. He was doing what?”
“You too.” Dean went to stand over near an advertisement board and wondered what the woman meant. Looking at his bank book, he realised he had another three thousand dollars transferred into his account.
“You guys don’t have to,” Dean mumbled, shyly.
Mertha spots the bracelet on Dean’s hand and raises an eyebrow and surveys the young boy.
“Keep this to yourself for now until I can gather more research. Please, Dean.” Charlie hung off the younger boy’s arm.
Dean hugged his little brother tightly. “I love you, Sammy.”
“Your aunt here, son?” asked the aged driver.
“I’ve not seen Cas, since yesterday. Why is he so concerned about me?” Dean asked the older angel, slightly puzzled.
Joe snorted and shook his head. “So, pancakes smothered in syrup?”
The two boys embraced, and Dean felt he belonged somewhere for the first time in his life. He had people that cared for him, and it seemed unfamiliar, strange, but by God it was addictive. Dean wanted to bottle the feeling and keep it with him invariably in case it melted away.
“Cas, I love you, no matter what they put us through. I won’t stop, never stopped. My soul cries for you; I hate being apart. I need you more than ever. Tell me, you still want me? After all, that’s happened,”
“Good, I’m glad. But what has that got to do with this room?” Dean looked around the doorway but saw nothing suspicious.
Dean stood no longer fearing the beast who had now retreated to the back of the cave, turning he shuffled forward and fell. Dean felt like he was floating and arms grabbed for him. Someone was screaming his name, but that to just brought silence. The darkness suffocated him, and he lost consciousness.
Castiel raised his eyebrow. Charlie and Adam giggled, knowing this was not the truth. Dean had blatantly gone against Castiel’s diet recommendations since he entered the agency.
Gabriel passed Michael the angel’s blade and without blinking cut into Castiel's and Dean’s hand. Castiel hissed, and Dean tried to pull away.
“Commander Castiel, he’s somewhere about.”
“My names Francis, by the way.”
“Your mate won’t let that happen, Dee,” Sam told his brother.
Castiel stood there, his eyebrow arched, and his arms crossed. “Yes, brother. People underestimate Dean.”
The angels, humans and Dean turned to fight the slithering beast. It sought to whip them and catch their legs. It slammed Kate and Harry against the back wall of the cave. Joe yelled and stabbed the long appendages with his arrow blade. Purple goo oozed out and soaked the omega.
“Yeah, she’s over there.” Dean pointed at the lady.
Thanks for your love and support. I have this for you. Now I just need more sleep, that's all I do most days. Sleep is good.
Dean realised he would receive no cooperation, so he went with the instructions. “I fell, in a hole and Cas saved me. I-I lost the ring.”
“Really?” Adam jumped up so quick; his chair went with a clatter onto the floor. Charlie squealed in delight.
“What now?” Bobby turned his head between Dean and Cas. Castiel showed them his unique ring, and they both admired it.“Well, that’s different, good for you for putting both traditions together.”
I just want to thank those that have been on this incredible journey with me. I have had so much support and love it's been magical. Thank you sincerely, I will always keep your kind words inside when the dark ones come to bite.
The angel’s blue eyes twinkled, telling Dean that nothing would stop the angel doing all in his power to make the day extra special.
“That won’t heal his mind though, Cassie.”
“Well, yes, so we assumed. Who else could it be? We looked after him, and everybody bowed before this little alpha. Castiel was firm, kind, funny, strict and had faith in everybody. We respected him; he was not unlike a human and an angel. Gabriel taught him to love humanity and made certain he understood the good and ugly parts.”
Dean feels a weird sensation rush through him. Icey and warm, his very nerves come awake, his fingers tingle with power. Everyone steps back, even Michael. Dean stares at Castiel and propels him aside like he’s light as a feather on his wing. The alpha lands on the floor and glances up, shocked and hurt at his omega.
My brains got ideas but can I get them down on paper or computer. Frustration, if it's not clear let me know, I've re-written it like five hundred times.
“Why put us both through that? My Dean through that?” Castiel shouts, his temper rising again. The sheer speculation at what they had both gone through, but especially his mate.
“Then get your ass out of bed. Shower, dress and food. In that order, dude.”
“It won’t help.” Dean snuffled, wiping his nose on a tissue.
“What’s going on Castiel?”
Dean groaned inwardly, not needing a babysitter. “This is non-negotiable.” Castiel narrowed his eyes.
“I don’t deserve any of you.” Dean sniffed.
“No, you don’t get to talk to me, not after the way you have treated me.”
“Just a little something.”
Dean giggled. “Yeah all of them.”
“We need a cake and pie.” Gabriel cried, not wanting to be left out.
“We need to get Harry and Kate back to Heaven's plains. They can’t continue forward with their injuries.” Dean told his command leader.
Dean walked along the highway. It was dusty saying; it was winter, and the weather had not been kind. Kicking a pebble with his foot, it bore him hiking, but he did not have a considerable choice. He heard a roar of an engine behind him and turned. A compact car pulled up next to him, and the person opened the passenger door.
“NO,” Charlie shouted, surprising them both. “You will stop there Mr do you think the world would be such an amazing place if it were not for you? We now treat omegas with respect; we are gods, Dean. You are an inspiration to everyone. You are nothing like that man; also, I’m sure Mary would kick your ass if you said that.”
“Castiel’s dealing with the mess in Heaven. Your agency leader and can override this. Grant Dean a HAG, you to be specific. Adam and Dean are friends it won’t appear odd if they spend the weekend together.”
Dean stops and closes his eyes for a second and turns. No other than John Winchester stands before him with a team of humans at his disposal. He should have known the object he formerly knew as dad would work for Hell. Deans heart rate spikes a little, his fingers going slightly clammy around his blade. He flexes his fingers for a steadier hold but never takes his emerald green eyes off the man.
Castiel drew his trusty sword out and crept forward; whoever they were, they were not quiet. It made the angel sure it was the enemy. He tuned into their conversations and rolled his eyes and put the sword back into its leather home. Castiel walked up behind his garrison. Looking around, he could see Beta had joined up with Zeta. They had not noticed him stood there, with his arms folded. Clearing his throat, his eyes still red in protective mode.
“What is it, Adam?” Dean asked his friend.
Castiel watches all this, with curious eyes glued to Dean.
Castiel not wanting to miss any of this vista flew to be near his mate, the Star bond connecting instantly. The angel gripped tightly to Dean and grinned, bringing them close together, kissing the cherry lips of his young mate. Castiel called for his brother and sisters, and Dean shot up higher, to the Heavens and sang to the stars. The sky became half-day and night, not like an eclipse this was different. The actual sun and moon stood side by side in the sky, blinking down at the Earth below. People ran out of their houses, running on to the streets, cars stopped, looking skywards.
Dean rushed back downstairs. Anna was the only one left in the kitchen.
“I understand that if I can get out, anyone can get in. There was a demon in here for a time, so I expect that scared the agency.” Dean smirked.
Charlie and Anna attended to Dean. He was in pain; they supported him through the heat as best as they could. Calling out for his angel fell on deaf ears, crying and clawing at the sheets. Needed the one being that could help him, but left empty-handed.
“I love my lessons even though they’re difficult. I have friends, but not ones I can trust like you and Adam. I-I don’t think this sadness is coming from me.” Dean looked both bewildered and concerned.
“Good, see you on Tuesday then,” the angel walked off, and Dean smiled.
When they returned to their nest, Dean turned on the angel. “So, Cas, when were you going to mention to me about the badass omega thing?”
Dean washed, dried, and put the few dishes away. The strange feeling persisted in the background. Castiel walked in with a book from the library to show his mate when the surrounding air suddenly felt pressurised. The angel pushed him back and push him behind him. In the next second, Castiel had thrown a man against the rear wall, leaving a man-size shape and cracked plaster.
“I talk, but no one I hang out with. I guess I feel lonely.”
Dean sobbed he had never felt so sick in his life, unsure of where his angel was taking him.
Castiel smiled softly at the overexcited omega he had grown to love like a sister.“As do you, Charlie? You all look marvellous. Thank you for pulling this off at the last minute. We all know, what’s going to happen. Though in these trying times it’s good to seek hope and hold on to that. When you feel like you have nothing left to give, when there is nothing but dark, and you see no light. Think back to this day and how much joy and love you brought. Not just to my Dean, but this family. We are all very proud of you.”
Michael cleared his throat and raised his hand skywards. “I thought I would give Dean some driving lessons. It will keep Dean busy and happy.”
Dean put the computer and food up his jumper and half in his jeans. They raced to the elevators and got serenaded with slurs. Pushing Dean through making certain he made it to his destination. Charlie and Adam turned and knew for sure they were in an entire load of trouble.
“What you doing, Dean?” The mirror version asked a little taken aback but kept on with his mental mantra. “Giving up? stupid omega.”
“We need a human Castiel run and grab Joe. He’s the only one close to Dean here.”
“Yes brother, now go get him, and bring him back safe.”
Thank you for your support, love and amazing comments xxx
John’s here, I saw him, he’s going to get me, Charlie. Take me to mommy.”
“Yes, only I can find you.”
A month passed by, and Dean was out of the chair. Pam informed the omega he could eat healthy but regular fares. To drink plenty and take life easily, Dean had yet to choose his classes. The agency had let him off because of how he felt but had encouraged him to get back to class.
“Can you read my mind?”
They both hit the Banana Republic first but found nothing that they liked. Sam and Castiel discovered quite by accident a family-owned tailor shop. It was down one of the back streets of the town. A father and daughter team called Smithson’s ran the shop. They both perused their offerings.
“Yes, commander.” Anna delegated the troops, and half Beta and Zeta left, going into the tunnels.
“I’m guessing hell and dead is a running theme in the gates of Hells doorways?” Dean smirked, folding his arms to his chest.
“Will I see you?” Dean shakes, clutching the angel’s tee-shirt.
XxXxXxX
Dean woke up, lying down on a stone icy floor. Groaning at his protesting muscles and the throb in his skull. He drew up unsteadily, trying to recover his equilibrium. Looking around, he realised he was by himself; there was no doorway, just the window the sole cause of light.
“We can’t let them things bite us, boys you need to sing.” Castiel, looked up at the brothers, in urgency.
Castiel knew where Dean was. Could find him hidden among the twinkling stars themselves. No, Castiel had committed his smell, unique only to Dean. The angel sniffed and followed his nose: figs from the garden of Eden, and the powerful aroma of earl grey. There was something gentler in his mate’s depths, violets and jasmine, cinnamon and vanilla. It reminded him of summers learning to fly in the meadows of the earth.
“I love you Cas.” Dean fought back the tears, but he would not show his brave mate up in front of an entire battalion of angels. He could barely manage a smile; hands slipped out of his angels, not daring to turn back as he trudged over to his garrison.
“I can’t feel my legs brother.” Eremiel splutters his teeth shaking so much they rattled.
Dean stood, his legs like jello walking up to the stage. Gabriel shook his hand and gave him his award. A yellow scroll and a silver trophy in the shape of a star. He trudged back to his seat, face flaming red but pleased with himself. After all, his dad had told him, he would achieve very little in life.
thought Dean.
I hope you enjoy it, Thanks for your love, support and comments... Of to bed to sleep for the next year xxx
“Oh, I had no clue he sold you.” sniffed Sam upset, “Why would he do that?”
Dean pulled his blade from under his hoodie. “This is going to stop,” yelled Dean over the deafening pounding of the storm, which was now overhead. He wiped the rain from his face, vision impaired. Running forward, he swiped at the man. John dodged, and Dean pivoted, turning sharply, and slammed John into the car. John got his hand free and stick the blade into Dean’s arm, but he did not feel it. Dean kicked his legs from under him and kicked him in the stomach.
“We can stop, darling boy, say the word. But never hide from me.”
“Hey, Dean, why don’t we sneak into the kitchen, get some snacks and watch a show?” Joe announced grinning like the Cheshire cat equally bored.
Hannah glanced at the boy all lost. “Dean, don’t worry. I know this is a lot to take in. You will learn all about us in your studies, so by the time, you leave here, it won’t be as daunting.”
The bus pulled into the station, and he let most of the people get off. The bus driver eyed him with curious caution.
They ambled side by side, Charlie telling Castiel what had happened to Dean, and the tentacle monster, Harry and Kate, and how she had got separated. “I needed to stop for a break, but when I got back, they had gone. I knew they would never leave me. I knew this place was playing tricks.”
“You’re young; I don’t expect you too. I was much the same. You can ask Gabriel.” Castiel’s eyes twinkled, and Dean grinned back. “I spoke with Pam, and I will lift some restrictions. I would still like you to see a therapist; I think this worked for you?”
“Yes, sir.” Dean ran up the stairs and started sorting the ammunition he would need for demons.
“We will always be here for you, Dean. Still, hold on to us, and we will guide you. You need to let us know if we make mistakes because baby we will. We can’t fix them if you don’t tell us. All the omegas of the world have woken up. They are protesting about their rights, and they will win. It’s the start of the Star legacy, the reason, you were born.”
“I have to locate him.” Castiel wiped at his eyes. “I need to give him a choice he never had.”
“Something to do with Cas then?” Dean squinted.
“That's brilliant son, the tools are in the shed, the keys here.” the man picked a set of keys up from a table by the front door. The man seemed to wobble, and Dean stepped forward.
“He’s my son, and I want him back.” spat John, sending the chair he sat on, flying.
It unnerved him, and that unsettling feeling sat awkwardly under his breastbone
They had placed white chairs in a semi-circle around the arbour, leaving a clear path to the stage. Anna and Janey decorated them with flowers. They would not wither and die with the enchantments on them. Both angels had a mixture of blossoms, making certain the scent of Jasmine, Lavender and Rose would not only look wonderful but invigorate the senses.
“I have no idea; I never saw him leave.” Charlie glanced around, puzzled as if her friend would just appear.
“Is it Dean?” the angel asked of his garrison.
“Thank you, Dean, you’re very hospitable.”
Castiel’s eyes narrowed, his grace dashing forward. The angel pushing the omegas and Dean to the middle of the group. ‘
Dean was munching on a sandwich that had been thrust into his hand by Mertha and told to eat. Wondering over to Castiel who was stood analysing the maps, meticulously going over the fine details in case they had missed something. Dean ate his sandwich and drank from the cold water he had secreted in his pants pocket.
Dean heard whispers about how he was disrespectful towards his mate. He could feel eyes on him constantly. He needed to get out of there so ran off towards the elevator.
Cam took him to the agency. The angel went off to work, knowing Dean would not traipse off. Dean grabbed Joe, Adam, Charlie, Kate, Flynn, and Harry to assist him. Michael, Anna, Gabriel, and Mertha were likewise on board.
Uriel reached out and stroked the boy’s face. “One day, when it’s your time. Come to see me and tell me your news.”
“Working collectively to reach the tree and get Dean away from Castiel. But it sounds like there is more to that story.”
Dean looked down, feeling sad that only his ring would get blessed. Then he heard Gabriel say ‘I will’. Glancing up, he recognised the ring, the one he had brought for Castiel sat on yellow pages. Gasping, no longer holding back the tears, leaning into his angel for comfort and support.
“My lips are sealed.” Joe checked his watch. “It’s just gone eight, breakfast time. Then we better get dressed.”
Touched by an angel Maya Angelou Poem. Readings from the Handfasting ceremony, Author unknown.
Castiel dropped John, and he fell like a sack of potatoes. “You’re not worth it, filth.”
Pam grabs Dean’s lanyard that’s hung around his neck and presses a minuscule black box to it. A shrill beep rang out.“I will see you, tomorrow Dean,”
“Like what?” laughed Dean.
“Anna, part of your team, search the tunnels, half stay with me. We need cover in case we meet any demons or the Fates.”
“Thank you, Dean, for owning up to that. I know what you did. I won’t punish you for your transgressions. What happened was neither of our faults, though I could have handled it a lot better than I did. I left you feeling unwanted, not loved, and that I can never forgive myself for.”
“That’s not my rule it’s the schools, made over two hundred years ago. Also, you need to keep that point quiet that I can scent you.”
Chuck smiles tenderly at the young Nephilim. “Not everything about protection is about weapons. The sword could be symbolic, Dean. Castiel can’t give you his wings, now can he?” Chuck raised an eyebrow, and it struck Dean with deep thoughts that hurt his head.
Dean ran away from all his problems. Castiel who did not want him, his dad, and the agency. He wanted to be free where someone would love and care for him. So, he continued running, not knowing where to flee, not knowing the direction. Away from all the pain, loss and sorrow that people brought him.
Dean walked along the blackened tunnel. He could see by the bright, green light on the rock face. The walls dabbled with orange slime. The constant drip of water in the background was like an out of tune melody.
“Castiel had been undergoing a troublesome time, and Chuck had sent me to monitor him. Then you appeared, and I saw my brother fall so profoundly into your light he became lost.”
“I came because I wanted to speak to you both about matters of importance. I feel you need to know this information as it’s you that will stop the pending apocalypse.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Come on angel, let’s get going.”
“No problem.” They both went up into the elevator. Arriving at Dean’s floor.
Dean dashed about the common area, making sure everything was ready for the upcoming ceremony. The chairs decorated in the purples and greens of the agency. Chairs were on the stage and in a semi-circle on the floor.
Castiel ran, pulled the security doors off their hinges using his full powers. The angel could hear screams from the humans, but he cared little now, just needed his boy, wanting him safe. Even if he never spoke with him again.
“Crowley.” Dean gasped in astonishment. “The King of Hell is your dad?”
“Where have you been all this time?” Dean’s voice wobbled slightly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean held a glass of orange juice in one hand and a plate of food in another. How on earth was he meant to eat and drink and balance all this?
“Not my personality and good looks, then?” quipped Dean.
“You don’t get to cum, not until I say so.” Castiel orders and nips the omegas earlobe, sending shivers down Dean’s spine.
Dean grabbed his bag and ran. He ran hearing the driver yell but did not glance back, just continued going, not stopping until his lungs were on fire, and his legs hurt from the pain. Leaning against a wall, trying to get his breath back. It took a good ten minutes for him to feel ready to walk again.
They both sat on the couch, the fire lit, and Castiel draped a unicorn rug over his mate to ward off the chill.
“It’s okay, Samandriel, wait. Take care of him either way, send me your location.”
Crowley had been to visit. The higher up demons that sought out souls had gone into hiding, not wanting to be a part of the war. Zad and a few other crossroads demons helped the angels plan their attacks. The best places to enter Hell and a few magical ingredients they would need. Crowley knew a white witch that would help them, and she made hex bags. It would help the angels and omegas with hell-bound creatures.
“That’s, something I did not know. Why does Dean need a guard?” Sam asked, thirsty for information.
“You can come to visit though?”
Dean stared at the portal and backed up a little. “No, I’m leaping in faith.” He ran and jumped through the portal, and all he heard were shouts of rage from the shadow people.
The next-door neighbour stared at him and smiled. “You’re a good boy child. If you can come next weekend, I will have some jobs for you.”
Angels:
“You’re not looking forward to it?” Charlie asked, worried.
“What the…” the man sounded puzzled.
Suddenly, the funnel cloud touched the ground and formed a mini-tornado. A powerful gust of wind blew through the cavern, and the angels had to shield their eyes. A loud high-pitched wail broke out and a brilliant flash of red-lit the cavern up, and the bats started hitting the ground with thunderous thuds, turning into ash on impact.
Dean stared at the angel and glared at him. “I’m used to threat’s commander, they do nothing for me,”
Castiel switched back to English. “Now if you’re all finished there is something, we would like to show you, Dean. Charlie and I realised we had to make up for yesterday and she came up with a magnificent idea.”
Dean doubled up, and his belly laughs, rumbled over him. Castiel’s eyes sparkled in the distant light, loving the unbridled elation running through his young mate’s body. So, he joined in with him.
The archangel laughed. “Sure thing, let me start with this one…”
“You did not answer my question. What do you want with me?” Dean asked again, irritation showing in his voice.
Then Gabriel stepped forward. “The Progress award this year is for the student who’s done his best in all of his subjects. Got two awards from his angel and helped his friends at the agency. He will begin his new job here at the agency, helping recruits settle in. The Chuck Challenger award goes to Joe Hallen.” Dean laughed at the shock on Joe’s face, and he clapped the hardest.
Adam stands next to the road and appraises the boy next to him. “Okay, that grey post with the red sticker about world peace, that’s your marker. If you walk over the road, and through the woods; it brings you out to the main road. You can walk around the town if you wish.”
Dean opened the envelope, pulling the letter that was inside. He read it, shocked at what he saw.
Castiel showed Dean the mark, and he laughed lightly.
Violets-Loyalty, devotion, faithfulness.
“Thank you, brother.” Castiel sobbed, letting go of his anguish.
Johns brown eyes grew wide, noting the powerful creature before him. “I want to see my son,” he growled.
“How about you hugged me without Tula’s permission?” Harry suggested hurriedly.
“I have you, sweet boy. I will take care of you.” Castiel stops and kisses Dean’s nose, his eyes going crossed.
What happened to Castiel? Will, they beat Mallory? Will good, win over evil? Read on to find out.
“So that’s how the story’s like Jack and the beanstalk came to fruition?”
“You make a good point, my lady.” Dean grinned.
“That can’t be, no way.” he stammered. Putting his hand over his mouth, tears swimming into his jade green eyes.
“You're required to wear this Dean, Castiel won’t be happy if not.”
“Nice to meet you, Daisy, my name’s Dean.”
“Adam, I don’t know if I can trust you,” whispered Dean, closing his eyes.
Gabriel vanished, determined to find answers to unanswered questions.
“What’s that noise?” whispered Charlie, who was frowning.
Warning: (Mention of broken bones) Reference to Dean.
“I need accommodation for the night, please,” Dean asked her.
Mertha put their trays away, and Dean got up. Castiel gave Dean a quizzical expression. “I’m just popping to the bathroom.”
Always have faith that I will bring our boys back together. These two will just get stronger but I think Cas will be peed off with his dad.
Dean snorted. “Sure, dude. I need food so if you don’t need me for anything else?”
“I’m sorry, love, truly.” It takes Castiels breath away, his mate is magnificent in his righteous fury.
“That’s odd, keep trying Amber. Maybe there is a glitch in the systems; what about the angel ones?”
HAG- Human Appointed Gaurd.
“No,” Dean screamed.
“That will be great Gabriel thank you for that.”
Everyone was bustling about the agency rooms, getting tables ready for the enormous amount of food Mertha, and the crew had made. Everyone was getting changed and their hair styled. The angels were making last-minute adjustments to the decorations and calming the nerves of their mates, taking part in this extravaganza.
“Ready love?”
Thank you so much for your love, kindness and support with you, I think I would have just given up. xxx
“Kevin gaped at the computer monitor and visibly paled. “Does Dean still have his bracelet on?”
“You have friends though at the agency?” The angel asked, concern in his tone.
“What have you done to my kitchen?” the angel exclaimed in dismay at the mess.
Dean flicked over to different news channels when he felt a weight on his shoulder. He leant back into his angel.
Dean rolled his eyes and strode past the desk he came past last night, but Jace was not present. Dean recognised the direction, but when the angel deviated to the blue corridor, it was all new to Dean.
Thanks for your comments and support it's amazing I love you guys.
“The elders want you and Lucifer to arrange his punishment out. Now his sire’s out of the picture.”
“Won’t that affect their free will?” questioned Charley, perplexed.
Dean let out a breath and sighed. “I will try harder next time. I promise.”
“Well, play with yourself then. You may find your brain down there while you’re at it.” Dean laughed at his joke.
“You don’t.” came a manic cackle from behind them. They turned and saw the Alpha Fate stood by the north wall blocking the light from the window.
“Dean, baby, I want you to have a shower than a bath. Then you will have clothes to put on. Then you will get to meet your Seraphim.”
Missouri helped Sam out to the car. They watched them go, waving goodbye.
“Yeah, look at that kid over there?” nudging Dean to study the boy with a glower on his face, he had vivid red hair and an even brighter red face. “Tries it every time.” the redhead said, shaking her head. “Ty’s prohibited from all things sweet like desserts, pastries, and candy, but he tries, and his angel will punish him for doing it repeatedly.”
“What will you do, brother?”
“Well, I can help with that. I had a meeting with the elders, and there is news.” Castiel stopped walking and moved Dean towards a chair so they could sit.
“Yes, that’s the truth, son. Castiel would you like to start?”
Angels turned around, some going for their blades, but relaxed when they spotted their commander. Anna, his third in command, came running up genuinely concern about her mate, he wanted to waylay the worry, but it pissed him off. Raising a hand, he moved forward, ignoring his sisters’ indignant prattle about Charlie.
Hannah stood next to Anna. “I feel for the person who, touches Dean in the wrong manner or even looks. They judge our brother quiet and sweet.”
Thanks for your love and support xxx
Adam and Charlie pulled Dean up, and they went on their way.
Castiel did sound pleased that he had made his mate happy. The area looked much better, even if he said so himself.
Dean got up on wobbly legs and accepted the award. They shaped it like a star what else would it be. Everyone stood up and cheered and clapped. They all loved Dean and knew he surely deserved it.
Gabriel speaks to Dean the next Thursday about his results.
“I know,” Dean stepped into the classroom and sat by the angel.
“Let’s ask Mertha, she will know.” Charlie pulls him along to the front of a window near the kitchen. A tall woman with grey hair, looking slightly frazzled, spots the two humans, and she smiles.
“You’re welcome, Dean. There are no many advanced humans like you. It fits with my brother’s status, though. Well, good for you.”
XxXxXxXxX
“Madan, it's great to see you brother it worried me.”
“Zeta garrison, stand to attention please,” called Kedi, his navy blue breastplate denoting his rank of a Thrones angel. Most Thrones angels were beta, but like Castiel, he was rare and was an alpha. “I know we have worked over the battle plans a thousand times, but our primary aim is to protect Dean at all costs. Get him and the commander to the stone and stop the apocalypse before it starts. We will encounter demons, they will try to stop us, but other garrisons around us will clear our path. So we should not have to fight unless imperative.”
“What did I just say, Dean?” the alpha growled.
“Cas loves me,” Dean shouted tears were running down his face.
“You need to eat more Winchester.” growled the redhead.
“So, if he tried to do something bad, the angel on his shoulder would stop him. Like he called me names, but he never hit me.”
“I don’t know red, and I’m so lost.” Dean cries in anguish.
“A-Astra.” Joe shook at the sight of his mate.
“Why did you try to save me?” he choked out.
“You can keep the money you gave me,” Dean smirked blinking back down at the book pinching himself making clear it was not a dream.
“It’s a good job; I got to you before Dean.” Castiel’s growl rumbled like thunder. His arms crossed over his chest, watching his dad’s every move.
“Do you not like it? I can redo it again if you wish?” panicked blue eyes blinked at him.
“How, did you know? That’s not possible.” exclaimed the angel in shocked awe. Dean just winked and put his finger to his lips.
Dean breathed in, and a sudden jolt of electricity ran through his body. His wings broke free, and his eyes glowed goldenly. “You come out when I don’t need you.” he chuckled, shaking his head in disbelief.
“Where did Joe go?” asked Adam, who was looking around him.
Everything was coming together; it excited everyone they could not wait to see Deans face. To get Dean into his suit, and to arrive on time. Castiel lamented the loss of his ring, but it was not an essential part of the bond ceremony. Though he missed it on his finger; after all, his Dean had taken the time and effort in selecting that ring for him.
“What! He can’t be it’s extremely early.” stammered Castiel, who tuned looking at his mate.
“Hey, take care of yourself. Don’t leave without a HAG.” Charlie winked at him, and Dean snorted at the absurd comment.
“I will read up on it, Dee.” The little boy grinned.
The angel grasped his boy’s shoulders and stared into green eyes that always captivated him.
The angel nods and snags a grey scanner from a rack near them and picks Dean’s pass up. The scanner beeps, but the angel frowns and sighs. Dean thinks this is an odd concept for an angel to do.
“Uncle Bobby there here, I can feel them.” Fear laced his tone, but he knew he had to keep a clear head. They would use something from his nightmares to play with his mind.
“My name’s Jimmy, by the way, what’s yours?”
“Okay, great, was not sure what I should eat anyhow.”
“You get the cake, Gabriel,” Anna told her brother.
Bracing himself, he stood tall. “You followed orders, angel. Your dad told you to mate me, so you did. You followed me when I ran so; your dad told you to do that. Then you followed orders again, not asking Michael to take me to the nest. I needed you, yet you left me alone.” Dean pulled his shirt back, and there were angry red lines. “See angel, you follow like a duckling. I need you, and you never come. You rather work then be near me. I was in the fucking hospital, and you did not visit. At least I had a valid reason to leave. Why did you run? You don’t need me; you just liked the idea of me. Why you’re at it, I’ll have that ring back. Maybe I’ll find someone that gives a flying fuck about me.”
“Charlie, can I ask you something?” Dean asked in a forlorn note.
Dean feels low but gets a surprise visit. Castiel goes to Gabriel for help and they both get bad news.
The Pleiades-Angels
Castiel went back to the nest, their nest. He cleaned it up, but it was too empty without his Dean. Why was Dean doing this to him? Showing him up like this, in front of his family. Though why did he have to hurt him with those words? Dean feared him; he had made his Dean scared, defensive. There was no other reason for his omega to come out. He was a failure and again questioned why this fantastic, beautiful boy was his.
“Thank you both for what you have done for us, and we will not forget it.”
Castiel kisses Dean, rocking slowly, trying to find their own rhythm. Castiel’s black onyx wings, blanket Dean’s smaller ones. Dean breaks his hand away and buries his hand in the thick black feathers, enticing a guttural moan out of the angel.
“Well, his mother’s surname won’t help,” Castiel commented.
“I’m Dean ma’am.” Said Dean.
The shadows hissed, and he saw them move out of the corner of his eye. “They do not care, they have long left the chamber of Hell.” The many voices raised in anger.
“I don’t see it.” Dean sniffed, playing with the edge of his gown.
“Dean, he knew something, it’s not possible. Why won’t he talk to me?”
“That sounds fair. How did you get around Michael?”
Castiel flew fast but methodically, studying, viewing, searching, scenting.
“So, I’m your protector angel?”
Dean heard a whoosh of wings, and he opened the door. The archangel's shoulders slumped, and he looked dejected.
“Then my dear child, you are not soul mates. Have this day and night. That’s all we can give; it starts tomorrow.”
“That’s awesome.” Dean beamed, he felt so happy after everything that had happened, but sad that Uriel had to die. His face dropped, and his smile vanished.
“Yeah, buddy me to. Oh, Mertha sent me out with fish food. Come on, let’s leave for a walk; it’s not overly cold out there.”
“Sure, with me commander?” Joe said nothing about what transpired earlier. Knowing that time was of the essence.
Castiel smiled and stroked his boy’s cheek and kissed him chastely. “It’s okay, no one saw.”
Jody had heard enough. “John Winchester, I am arresting you for the abuse of your son Dean Arron Winchester and the abuse of Samuel Henry Winchester.” she acknowledged her two men standing by the door. They placed John Winchester in cuffs and led him away.
“Thanks, brother. I love Dean, yet. I know little about him.”
Bobby stepped out of the room and came back, handing Dean a silver blade. He had seen nothing like it before’. To the touch, it was blunt, but it hummed. He could hear it calling to him. Like it was otherworldly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What can’t you give away?” Adam asked, sitting down next to his friends.
“Dean, that’s amazing.” Charlie hugged him, and so did Adam.
He laughed at himself and walked to where it was light.
“Uriel, I expect, and someone’s helping him. That’s the only explanation for how they got around all the warding and into the human quarters.”
“Nice to meet you, Dean-o.” the archangel winked at him and then he gestured to Hael. “I would like this young man to join my morning class on a Tuesday and a Thursday. Put his name down; times and rooms, please, sister.”
“Because now I know no matter what the fates throw at you; and my child they will. You won’t break, you won’t shake in fear, and they won’t take you apart. You’re both stronger together. Your love is so bright it will guide you through the deepest pits of Hell.”
“Commander put that down,” Anak shouted at the rooky mistake of his decorated brother.
“Dean needs a key card, Jace.” the angel sat at her desk was small with light blond hair that was practically white.
“Thank you, sister; we will reunite soon when we reach the ultimate stage.”
“I, um, got you this for the Feast of the East. I wanted to give it to you.”
Dean blinks at his friend. “Cas is a baddie?”
“You don’t own him, angel, I do.” snorted John, shaking his head. “He’s mine, always will be. Deans useless, a sad sack of nothing.”
Castiel turns Dean around and kisses Dean tenderly on the lips. “I love you to my darling boy.”
The angel laughed out loud.
There was a whoosh of wings, and Anna stood next to him, looking genuinely concerned. “You called brother. Is Charlie okay?”
Knowing there will be marks on his boy’s skin, sent a possessive growl rolling through the alpha’s chest like a discharged cannon. Kissing harder, moaning into those plush pink lips, bruised and wet, and solely for him. Much like the forbidden fruit on the tree of life. Castiel probed the seams of his boy’s lips, begging for silent permission to breach the barricade.
“Deans on his way.” Michael declared to the garden, everyone took their places.
“How’s your head? How come it’s not healed?” Charlie inquired, distressed over her friend’s accident.
“Castiel, you stumbled into my life like a shadow, hovering just out of reach. I thought you did not want me, just like everybody else in my life. Then you vanished, yet you never truly did. You were there watching out for me, making certain I was safe, cared for, loved. You gave me a family, and for the longest time, I did not realise that. I thought I was alone, but I never actually was. You held my hand and guided me. When I left the agency, you never let harm occur, not once letting me fall. I have grown to love your company, your extensive knowledge and your guidance and your family. I love your nest you’ve created for us and kindness you show me. Ever patient and thoughtful, letting me stumble, and being my safety net.”
“Turn and close your eyes, omegas,” Castiel warned in his gruff authoritarian voice.
Suddenly, a shiver ran up his spine, and that dark feeling intensified. Dean clutched his stomach, pain like hot needles shot through him. Running to the staircase shouted up to his uncle.
At Percival, there is a gas station he speaks to this man called Garth who’s going to call on his girlfriend, Bess.
The lady looked up at the young boy in surprise. “Sure son, I lost my ticket I was waiting for my son to come to pick me up.”
“Back to back, shield each other.” bellowed Castiel as thick barbed leathery wings passed his face and cut his cheek. The angel hissed but wielded his sword upward and sliced into the flying demon bats. Their bodies dropped to the floor but turned to ash on impact.
Gabriel laughed. “Nope, why do you think Castiel’s wings are black? He loves Lucy, always down there visiting.”
I got slightly carried away with this chapter. I did enjoy writing it. Thanks to my Pagan friends for the info on handfasting ceremonies. I hope it was a happy blend of human and angel traditions.
“Let me move around, and we can check that.” hums the angel.
“Olani hoath ol. My darling boy.”
Dean swallows and nods, his omega shouting from the rooftops, and his eyes flash golden yellow with flecks of emerald green. Dean pulls himself to the middle of the bed and settles his back against the pillows. Castiel rakes his eyes up and down the boy’s body, hungrily licking his bruised lips.
“Thank you, brother.”
“Hey, Cas, fancy meeting you here.” Dean grinned, looking between his angel and best friend.
“I need Cas, please get Cas,” Dean called out again.
“I was teasing you, love.” Castiel grinned.
Trout-Russia
“Castiels concerned, we all are.”
Castiel put his wings behind his back. Daylight flooded fast into Dean’s vision and he had to blink a few times. The angel pulled his mate up off the couch when the clock struck one — the merry little chimes peeling out.
“Well, he’s got a bee in his bonnet.” Gabriel whistled.
“I can’t just leave it, sweetheart, this needs reporting to your mate.”
“It’s an illusion, love, to wreck with your head. They can give with one hand and take away with the next.” Castiel answered, exploring the room himself.
Dean started his chant again, and the smoke dissipated, turning into yellow and black striped butterflies.
“Yeah, she’s a good person. Not everything is black and white in this world, Dean. The bad people don’t parade around with pointy hats and moustaches. I have a book for you to read in my office. Get that woman a drink first and make sure your brothers packed. It’s something you need to read without interruption.”
The boys sang ‘
Dean loved the space it was not too big or unduly small, and unlike Adam did not need luxury. Adam talked about his room as being large, but this was acceptable for him. The commander if he controlled the place had excellent taste.
John pushed Dean, flinging him onto the empty road. His head hit the concrete with a crack. Feeling dazed, the omega could hardly see with the rain and the fuzzy feeling in his head. The older man was just about to put the blade into Dean’s torso when there was a flash of light.
“You’re most welcome, love. I will see you next Saturday, be good.”
“In another lifetime, they did. It was barbaric.”
“Charlie, who’s your friend?”
“You recall what our therapist said, sweetheart? We have to communicate, talk to each other?”
Perseus-Lovers and Heros.
Castiel held on tightly to Dean’s hands and searched into those mesmerising green eyes. “Good things happen, Dean Winchester. I promise you. Remember when I told you to open your eyes, sweet boy, its time.”
“Well, we’d better look after him better than.”
“Thanks, sir.”
The next day was bright and sunny, not a cloud in the Mediterranean blue sky. Birds sang their cacophony of melodies. The cicadas made a loud buzzing noise in the trees; the bees flew from flower to flower happily going about their business and the butterfly’s added to their dance.
“Just open it,” Adam stated nervously.
“I’m going to check the salt lines and demon traps. I have to talk to Crowley first, though.”
Green eyes looked up to the angel beseechingly. “He’s gone? He’s really gone?”
Michael unbound them and set the bonds in a charred bowl. He placed his hands over the bowl, muttering an enchantment in Enochian. The bindings lit up, the fire like a kaleidoscope of colours that represented the rainbow. The fire did not last long and died down quickly. The charred remains were left behind. Michael then got a cedar box off the table behind him. Enochian symbols lightly engraved into the box. He brushed the ash into the box and blessed it.
“I would like that.” Dean beamed at the invitation.
Dean shuffled into the sunny kitchen. It was white and light blue with driftwood, cabinets and counters. Anna and Charlie were at a table that sat on a flagstone floor.
bellows Gabriel.
Castiel turned his head, his hands still tight around John. “Dean.” the angel whined.
“What! What did I do now?” Dean asked, glancing around the table.
“Yeah, sometimes there’s a reason behind an action.”
Dean could spot it in his eyes and the spike of passion flowing through his mood.
“Where are we?” Dean asked in wonderment.
“I’m uncertain what I’m going to do with him some days.” Castiel turned to Gabriel in a desperate tone.
They said goodbyes to their hosts. Dean gave his uncle and brother a hug, and Castiel shook Bobby’s hand. Sam hugged Castiel, and this surprised the angel who hugged the boy back.
“Yeah, why not, what harm will it cause?” Dean shrugged, his seventeen-year-old brain telling him it was a remarkable idea.
“Can I talk about this elevator issue? The gold for us and the silver for them. Why is that? The bible teaches us that everybody is equal.” (He’s not read the book but heard stuff about it and wants to impress the angels.) “I know you guys are high-up in the ranking, but why should we have preferential treatment? I get respect; I don’t appreciate this us and them attitude.” Dean rants at the two angels who beam at each other.
“I will let you know how it goes,” Jody told the angels. “Take care.” And she walked out, wanting to sort this mess.
Charlie chuckled at the commander’s face and linked hands with Dean and Adam. “Let’s have fun.”
Dean spots Adam near a group of bushy trees and the boy waves. The older boy climbs between them, and Dean follows. On the other side is a rotten fence. Adam moves the fence, and the older boy jumps through. On the other side was a dusty road, it's quiet, and does not have much traffic moving along it.
“It means I can’t help you, Dean, when I leave, and that’s not long now.”
“Come in.” came a strong, gravelly voice that called for respect.
Dean plastered on a fake smile. “Yes, he’s busy. I need to complete homework. See you around.”
Dean stepped out of the motel. Starting towards Sioux Falls, hoping that his baby brother would be with his uncle. His Uncle Bobby knew Crowley, so could put him in contact with the King of Hell when he got to his destination. Following the I-29, he walked with determination in his steps. Dean remembered Missouri’s warning about getting a lift from strangers. His dad out there and Rook. Also, he had no inkling who’s going to pick him up. Dean grabbed a lift from a soccer mom and her kids to Percival, telling them again he’s missed the bus and he’s on his way to visit his aunt. All the lies mounting up, and he felt dreadful. Making certain his family is safe was a top priority at the moment.
“So, I would not have been the human or Nephilim you wanted?”
The next day Joe woke with a hangover, stuck to the couch of the library and Dean was half on and half off the coffee table.
“Hey, Cas.” Dean smiled. Suddenly, the angel roughly shoved Dean against the wall. “Ouch,” Dean muttered, reaching for his head.
“No, but you can mark me, angel, and you know it,” Dean smirked.
“None of your business.” he rambled, turning aside from them. Dean pushed past, but Joel grabbed him and pushed him in the wall.
“Silly little omega.” Castiel fondly chastised. “They’re a part of me, love. Pop them under your pillow tonight; they will help.”
“While they abused Dean, my boy also self-harmed. Only I Hannah and Pam know about this. To our knowledge, he’s not hurting himself again.”
“Dean, you have two letters,” Cam stated, popping them in the omegas book.
“Who I know. Like you say, we don’t have long left.”
The girls burst out laughing again, and Castiel winked at them.
“Cas treats me like I’m the only person in the world that matters. Like I’m precious. I can be strong and become whoever I want and achieve all my dreams when I’m in his arms.”
“I heard that’s how the commander’s wings got black,” Katie whispered back to her friends behind her hand.
“Yes,” stated Castiel. “Sadly, I do. We will be ready; don’t you worry about that.”
So I asked what the best song would be for the angels to sing and everyone voted for Hallelujah. I listened to it when writing this. The Destiel one...
“One that doesn’t want me,” Dean whispered.
Deans second year at the school, became a lot tougher than before. His teachers throw everything at him. The omega had homework every day: lessons on Angel history, mating, and social interaction. So much information his brain hurt.
Dean fell into a profound depression. Would not eat or drink enough. Missed classes and would not get out of bed. Gabriel went to visit him. So did Cam, but he wanted one angel, and that angel did not want him, or so he guessed. Over the next week, everybody sought to get the omega up; even if that was to shower. Pam dropped in but could not make the young boy complete any task. A message reached Anna; a visit from the omegas best friend would undoubtedly do the trick.
“I had no inkling I would be in danger, or I would have told you. I mean, if I said the improper action, to the wrong creature, Francis told me.”
he mumbled to himself. ‘
“Oh, I told Batman about you. I was anxious about your safety. I honestly did not think he would listen. He sent Cam, to monitor you. I doubt you will have any further issues with the bullies.”
“Listen up.” Castiel’s authoritative vocalisation reverberated around the troops, making them stand to attention. Though he used no microphones, everybody heard him, even those in the back that Dean could only spy in the vast distance. Castiel’s sharp blue eyes skimmed his troops. “Garrison Alpha will remain here to guard the tree. We can’t leave her vulnerable from attack. You will also find omegas among your ranks; treat them as you would any other.”
The smaller angel sat up sharply. “Yes, of course, I will catalogue it, Hannah.” The angel opened a draw on her desk and pulled out a small black box. Inside were various compartments, some empty, others not. Jace pulled out a leather bracelet with strange symbols.
“Yes Joe, so you and Adam, not me, I’m more for the books.” Charlie grinned happily not to wield a sword if she did not have to. “You and Adam must kill the one last Fate, I know she’s coming. Cas and Dean must end this, but you two can kill her.”
