Steve nodded slowly.  “If you’re sure.”
“It’s more the unspoken rules I’m worried about,” Steve admitted.
“Oh, get bent, you know what I mean,” Bucky said with an eye roll from inside his helmet.
“It’s always about response times,” he said with a smile before turning back to frown between the playbook open on the table in front of him and the card in his hand as if inspiration would magically appear.
“Thank you, ma’am,” Steve said with a smile, reaching out to take the card from her.  He set it on the table with his jersey and the container he still hadn’t managed to open and shot Tony a sideways glance, but Tony just shrugged, unrepentant.  After their hostess departed with a smile and a word about their bay attendant being along shortly for their drink order, Steve turned his sideways look full on Tony Stark.  “What was
Steve watched his fingers trail through the grass for a few seconds before he finally spoke.  “I’m--Sam and I, we were going to grill out tomorrow for the Fourth...if you wanted to come?”
I got to drive the number *10* pick in the NFL Draft yesterday thanks to
“Don’t make me laugh, my abs already hurt,” Sam begged through his wheezy chuckles.
“You’re not missing much,” Steve said with a wan smile.  “So anyway, there’s usually a noticeable income gap in at least one couple, and I know, I
“It did,” Steve agreed as he started remounting the handlebars.  “Have you ever seen tires with dry rot?”
Tony just shrugged again.  “I don’t like people handing me things.”
Sam grabbed his shoulders, forcing Steve to look at him.  “Hey, tell me you hear me?”
“Did you get her a Chia Pet for Christmas that year?”
“So...” Brennan started, shoving three of Steve’s sketchbooks into a pile so he could collapse onto Steve’s bed.
Steve leaned over to turn on the bedside lamp, gasping quiet breath when Tony’s fingers crept higher under his shirt.  He sat back and tugged his shirt off for the second time that night, suddenly nervous Tony wouldn’t like the one on his chest.
“Yeah.  I mean, Joe got the Heisman, but Coach seems to think hardware won’t matter come draft time.”
“You’ll be fine,” Bucky butted in from down the table.  “Just drink plenty of water, do what Fury says, and don’t ask for a peek under his eyepatch like Barton did last season.”
Steve offered Sam a ghost of a smile.  “You do realize I know how the subways work, right?”
“Well as much as I want to continue this...decidedly weird and oddly helpful conversation, it’s getting close to that time, boys,” Steve said with a nod at his alarm clock as their laughter faded into occasional chuckles.
Steve shrugged.  “I remember more this way.”
“Hey, whoa, no,” Tony cut him off.  “No expectations here.  I was just teasing you about the third date, but no.  We’re in this together, so we’ll do things when we’re
“It’s been really great,” Steve said with a small smile.  “I’m really getting excited for preseason now.”
Steve shook himself, staring down at the tiny white ball.  Everyone said Tony Stark flirted like breathing. This wasn’t anything more than a celebratory game with his newest employee.
“Bring it in,” Fury’s voice cut across the low hum of conversation.  “Now, we didn’t get the result we wanted today.  But,” he waited until Steve quit fiddling with his shoulder pads and met Fury’s eye.  “Every single one of you did your job.  Under trying circumstances, no less.  We’re gonna get back in the weight room and back on the field on Monday, and we’ll be ready for Monday Night Football in Cleveland.  Now, get finished here and get home to your families.  Rogers, you’ll be in with the media in about 30 minutes.”
Once they were settled, Tony watched Steve take the first bite of his burger, clearly anxious for the verdict.
Steve smiled at the picture of a young Tony building a robot to do the job he’d clearly enjoyed but had to surrender.  Then at an older Tony wanting to keep a bit of that first robot with him in the newer, more sophisticated model.  He’d done the same thing with keeping that silly Clapper.  Sarah had laughed when she’d opened it.  Laughed and then hugged Steve and insisted he pick out what lights it would control.
Steve nodded.  “I’ll leave a desk lamp on so it doesn’t scare the bejesus out of whoever gets up first.”
Steve smiled, relieved it could be just that simple.  “Thanks.”
“Raising awareness for Play 60,” Steve answered.  “And donating bikes and school supplies to cute, underprivileged kids.”
“No pool,” Steve called up the stairs.
“Reminds me what got me here,” Steve said with a small smile and went back to his strategizing.
“You’re fine, so I’m fine.”  Sam reached out and smacked Steve’s knee.  “But next time you’re gonna spend the night someplace else, just
Bucky dragged Steve into the office then stopped to look at that table full of pictures.  “Good God you were a tiny kid,” he said, picking up the picture Sarah had insisted on framing from Steve’s first day of high school.  He looked back up at Steve. “Sure grew into yourself, didn’t ya?”
Please be aware there’s some homophobic language in this chapter.  This is a real-ass part of sports, unfortunately, but for me part of quality storytelling lies in the verisimilitude of the scene.  If this is something that makes you uncomfortable, skimming/skipping the actual game against Dallas is your friend.
“Careful, people will start thinking I’m more than just your agent,” she said with a smirk as she took his arm.
by David Oshinsky is a really interesting look at the panic over polio that swept America during the 1940s and 1950s, up to and including Salk’s life saving vaccine.  It’s a fascinating read, and I highly recommend both it and everything else Professor Oshinsky has written.
Steve sighed and looked at Bucky before getting off the counter and walking to the front door.
“No. You’re the one who doesn’t understand.” He looked away from Steve, focusing on the battle. “The world’s fate is quite literally in my hands.” Steve stepped closer. He knew Tony well enough to know what would come next. Even after spending five years apart and after a year since Tony’s death.
Tony frowned. “You seemed quite alright with it a moment ago,” he said. “Not to mention I’m quite literally dead to them. I’ve been wanting this for a while now. I know what I’m doing.”
“Fuck off, jerk!” Steve called back, flipping him off with a scoff.
“Tony… no. If you don’t know by now-”
Steve looked at him and grabbed his wrist. “Before you go,” he said. “What are we, Tony?” he asked with a slight frown.
Steve nodded. “Okay… I’m fine with that."
Steve looked away, focusing on the ceiling once again. "I have eaten," he said, just for the sake of making Bucky shut up and leave him alone again.
Steve stopped and bit his lip, not moving for a few moments. And then, he turned. And he was met with the most beautiful sight in the entire universe.
Tony looked down for a moment before looking back up at /the/ Captain America. “Hey,” he said, getting Steve to meet his eyes. “I’m right here. I won’t let anything come near, and I’ll do whatever I can to keep any nightmares away,” he reassured, kissing him gently. So different from the kiss they’d exchanged in the corridor.
Bruce looked up from the papers he was looking at. "Cap, hey. You seem to be doing better," he said with a smile. "What do you need?" he asked, looking at him as Steve walked closer to him.
“Woah, hey,” Steve said, stopping him from moving anymore. “You’re still hurt badly, try not to move too much.” He looked at him with a look of clear concern. “How are you feeling?” he asked softly.
"But I do," Bucky said, walking down the stairs. "I'll go and beat your ass if you don't come back." Steve rolled his eyes but scoffed dryly. "You go and bring him here. You don't stay. We've been separated way too many times, I won't take another."
As their eyes met, time seemed to stop. And Steve’s heart stopped beating for a moment. He looked around. Time had indeed stopped. It was just the two of them.
“Because I love you, okay?!” Steve snapped “Because I have been laying on my bed for a year doing nothing but think about you and about why you died! Because I have been in love with you for seven years and had to put up with your death!”
Tony looked at him, not saying anything. “Stay still,” he muttered after a few seconds.
Bucky raised an eyebrow and smirked. "I don't know. What if you could?" he asked with a smile. "Banner is somewhere around. Convince him that you need to get the love of your life back," he said.
“He hates me, that’s what happened,” he said, turning to look at Bucky, in a mix of anger and bitterness. “So, yes. We’re back to that-”
Just as Steve went to kiss back, Tony stepped back, looking at him. “It depends on you if I live my life or not,” he said, barely managing to stand.
Steve frowned, stepping closer to him. “No. I don’t think you understand. There will be no ‘later’ if you do this,” he said, almost desperately trying to stop Tony from snapping his fingers.
“Where did you come from?” Tony asked, turning to him. Hearing his voice made Steve’s throat tighten as tears threatened to come out, but he didn’t respond. He just walked closer to him as Tony spoke again. “And why?”
“No,” Bruce said. “That will mess up the entire timeline.” Bucky and Steve frowned. Bucky giving him a look, begging not to bring Steve down. “It’s dangerous.”
to you for a while after that. So no, nothing was set in stone yet. But your room had been ready since a week before, and it was hard to let go after you let me shake Mr. Binky’s hand. So you stayed with us and you never left.
Tony chuckles. “
The world goes quiet.
"See? Not bad at all."
you?”
E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆
"I'll figure something out." He tightens his grip on Steve's hand. "I will. I promise."
my husband."
best friend. As in mine and Teddy’s.”
You’re the only one who wants to do the masks, Rogers.
Tommy flicks more soapy water at him. “Disgusting. Never talk again.”
Tommy looks down on the floor. “No.”
“Want me to drive?”
"And cake."
"Do you even want to pull out?"
“Missed you,” Steve whispers again, nipping at Tony’s ear. “I missed you so much.”
"Steve?"
Billy remembers being dismissed whenever had he talked about these doubts, his distrust regarding Tony’s partners. The feelings had been almost immediate after meeting them. They smiled wrong, they spoke wrong, they tilted their heads wrong. Billy had no proof that they were bad people; not at first. After all, he was just a kid. When brought up to an adult—hell, even to some of his friends—they only told him that that attitude was the product of a broken home. Not in those words exactly, but Billy understood their point well enough: he grew up with betrayal so he reaped betrayal wherever he thought he found them.
Bucky shushes him, now miming a telephone with one hand, just as Tony places a finger over his lips.
It’s nothing too bad.
“You’re bringing Steve with you,” Tommy replies.
That’s not how the whole avenging thing works.
It’s a joke. Lighten up.
Some burning.
—hing, now being reduced to nothing because of no one’s own fault. Then the flames disappear and Peter is older in the arms of another set of parents: two men. One evil, one kind. And he watc—
"Hey! You almost slipped too."
How come it’s just us?
It’s more cramped than usual, but Billy had gone out of the unit fully expecting that, so he’s not completely uncomfortable; merely inconvenienced, and that’s something he could live with during one of the busiest days of the year.
“Poppop? I’m sorry.”
HIGHWAY TO HELL
On the third ring, the call drops.
“Help?” comes out of Peter’s lips. “Please?”
“Your dad is so thoughtful, isn’t he, Pete?” Steve says, and Tony has an inkling Steve isn’t talking to Peter at all. The silence stretches for longer than Tony thought it would, and oh, he can feel his armpits dampening. “If your dad was awake, I’d thank him. I’m always thankful for him, but I don’t think I’ve been saying it enough. But let’s let your dad sleep, Pete. I like it when he gets time to rest.
“And how would you know that?”
“Change your shirt, Steve.”
It’s not his fault his kids aren’t ashamed of being arm in arm with their father. Although, with current circumstances, they should keep a bit of distance from each other in case Tony needs to make a run for it. Not that he will, because he needs to deliver the news
You don’t need to cushion the blow, dear.
That it's not a full breakup yet.
“Yeah,” Billy says. He moves closer to Teddy to make the gap between them narrower.
“Are those supposed to be mutually exclusive words?”
Why couldn’t Sam pick a better thing for you to try?
And as if you aren’t already an influencer, Tony.
“Okay, so it’s a different kind of cult than what you thought. How is that ridiculous?”
Tony holds up a scrapbook. It’s very obviously handmade. The corners of the cover are a little bent and worn out. Some of the edges of the pages are peeking through the rest of the ream. The inside looks thick, though, and filled to the brim with photos and decorations glued onto the thick paper.
Steve, Tony, Scott, and I finally have the charcoal masks on.
"Scrambled eggs?" Peter asks.
Now what?
It might help—
He feels like a stranger.
“And yet you let your son stay here with us.”
But I was the one who practically begged him to join us.
“That was fast.”
A̸̛̹̫̥͚̫̱̥̭͑̍͊̾̒̾̋̎̔͜ͅ
and the added domesticity in the apartment had been something of a whiplash to Tony.
“Tommy, I promised you a lot of things very early on. I told you I would never make you choose between your family and myself. But right now, you’re making it very difficult to hold on to that promise.”
“Want me to pull out?"
dating your husband—”
"Okay. That's enough spoiling my son. Shoo." With that, the rest of the guests leave and it's only Tony and Peter in the room.
Tony stops scrubbing the plate with the sponge. “What?”
“You don’t have to leave for that.”
“He’s just looking out for you.”
With one final kiss, Steve gets up and leaves.
Here.
Steve nods.
“You visited Kate?” Tommy says while scrubbing a plate to shine. “How come I never saw you?”
Now what?
"Okay, JARVIS, what do you wanna say?"
"Add to the clothes piled up on it...we had to start a list of pre-approved safe situations for you."
“I know who you are.”
“Thanks, boys.”
So I will be… recording this.
I’m done.
“Have you… um—have you considered, you know, dating again?”
“Ah.”
Tony squints. He ducks his head in a futile attempt to feel less vulnerable. “I don’t know how to say this…”
“But you can kiss my booboo better like when you kissed Pop-pop’s booboo, Daddy.”
Despite the fuss and worry Tony has taken on for Peter’s care, he can’t deny that his son is also looking better. Only two days have passed since the incident at the airport, yet his vitals are as steady as they can be. Everything is within a healthy range. Neither internal nor external injuries seem to be affecting how his body heals, and it’s healing at a rather fast pace, his broken bones and muscle tears already seeing a significant change that shouldn’t have been there.
H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠
Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝
Tony smiles, stiff and uncomfortable. “You can tell me if you’re bothered about Steve, you know. The sooner, the better, Tommy—”
What—
“Tony, I—”
Why don’t you try shrinking?
“This is serious, Pete,” Tony says, his voice low. “I… I love Steve. But I haven’t told him yet.”
“Scariest day of my life meeting your grandfather over the phone,” Steve recalls with a chuckle. “Now I have to meet him for real come New Years.”
On the other side of the argument, Billy is most definitely not going to be Steve’s son in any sense of the word. And that train of thought is something he’s never entertaining again.
“I’ll be honest, Tony,” Steve had told him as the conversation had become more serious, “I’m not used to not having my friends around, but you already know that. I also don’t think you’d subject yourself to living with Sam and Bucky forever, of all people.”
“I’m sure it isn’t.”
Tony winces, and he looks up at Steve.
R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠                             R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜
‘call later. grandpa erik and grandpa charles miss you :)’
“I thought you told them?”
They get up from the bench and make their way to Tony’s car. They keep idle chatter on the way there, Billy and Tommy mostly talking about their endeavors before the holidays. They steer clear of any mentions of Steve, and Tony doesn’t speak unless spoken to. He already knows all of the information being brought up anyway: Billy’s trip to Europe, Tommy’s wrist injury, and all the other little details Tony likes to pry from them whenever they give him a call.
Steve chuckles and pulls Tony’s hand away. “Don’t care.”
Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝
Billy muses for a second, staring at his fuzzy reflection on the flatscreen TV in front of them. It’s the very same model Billy pointed out to Tony some weeks ago when they had gone to the mall together. Now, it’s in his room, and he wouldn’t be surprised if Tommy has a new flatscreen of his own.
"I—um…"
We’ve established beforehand that I will be doing a roll call for everyone present.
“Boxty,” Steve corrects with a chuckle. “Very good, Pete.”
Tony gives him a look.
been making work an excuse far too much,” Steve says, and it prompts Tony to sit up with Steve and press himself closer to his boyfriend.
Tony puts a hand over his lips when he says “my breath smells.”
“I—” Tony pauses as he slings an arm around Tommy and rests his cheek on the crown of Tommy’s head. He places a small kiss on Tommy’s hair then urges Tommy closer. “I don’t—”
Steve bows his head low and takes Peter into his arms. He walks away, taking hold of Tony’s hand and gently tugging him along.
’ but overall doesn’t care.
It burns.
“Is that why he and Teddy went out yesterday? Aw, Tony, you should’ve told them it’s okay.” Steve only seems to redden some more. “I can’t imagine the crowds they must’ve had to deal with.”
“They took you away.”
He wakes up anyway. He has always been a light sleeper when he wants to be. There isn’t any sound, save for the heart monitor, but Tony is used to that constant beeping. In fact, he’d have a harder time sleeping if it wasn’t there altogether. But tonight, he wakes up to a quiet sniffle, and he immediately knows it’s not Peter.
“Tommy, I—”
“Teddy’s almost done with your pancakes,” Billy tells Steve.
He isn’t met with a lot of protest when he asks. He does opt to watch the boys open their gifts.
Can’t go to the bathroom without our pizza.
In a room, pressed against the wall across the door, is a small wooden table with bits and pieces of memorabilia. Steve recognizes some from the Second World War: Captain America collectible cards and postcards preserved in frames. A few notes seem to have come from Steve’s notebooks, pages he had long forgotten about. They are mostly accounts of the actual war and some of their battle strategies, with small scribbles and doodles surrounding them. Above the table is a framed photo of Steve and the Howling Commandos. It’s the original photo, a rare one too, and it isn't some knockoff printed off the internet. Steve would know; he remembers when this photo had been taken and remembers seeing it for the first time. Dum Dum had accidentally placed his coffee cup on one corner of the picture, creating a stain still visible on the photo today.
"Me too. But that's why I started by saying it was a good day. Not because of the weather, or the easy mission, but because of you, Pete. You made it a great day, just by being you."
With Tommy, however, it wasn’t so much as one singular thing as it was him just looking up to Tony all his life.
“You first.”
“No,” Tommy grumbles.
Tommy shrugs. “If my hair has made it this far in life, then bleaching won’t hurt it.”
I’m getting up.
He’s home.
Steve leans down and grabs Peter by the waist, lifting him and giving him small kisses on the cheek. Peter squeals and laughs under his Pops’s embrace. “No booboo for Peter. Pop-pop won’t allow it.”
It has always been Peter’s agenda in playgrounds and ball pits and bouncy castles, playing pretend and heroic and grand. It hadn't come as a surprise to any of them, all things considered, but it does worry Steve. It worries him constantly seeing Peter display any interest in becoming like them. Steve doesn't want Peter to end up doing what they do. He doesn't want his boy to end up experiencing what Steve had gone through.
"Oh, baby. Never even crossed my mind."
“Well, you’re not unattractive,” Billy blurts out.
I’m just doing my best.
Steve fluffs the pillows on the bed. "I'm sure they'll wanna see you, Tony. Clint more than Wanda, probably."
“Cool! Nerf guns!” Tommy frantically removes the tape sealing the box closed.
"Yes, scrambled eggs. I'll make it how you like it."
“Oh, I have no doubt it’s the serum. This isn’t humanly possible. If it were, we’d get nothing done as a species.”
Steve places the frame back on the table. “T’challa did. When Bucky and I got there, there was nothing left to be done. Zemo had killed all the other supersoldiers. I think...he was expecting
“May I come in?” Tony asks, careful.
"We showered together, didn't we?"
“New owners, huh?” Tony brings the bouquet closer to his face, hiding his smile behind the flowers. “With Pepper running the company. Then there’s our new home… We’re finally doing it, huh?”
Billy snorts.
Steve places a soft kiss on Tony's forehead before wrapping his arms around Tony's neck in an embrace. "You can make it up to me by beating Clint at Mario Kart."
Steve gets out of bed. Tony doesn't stir.
Right. That’s his cue.
“You’re fifty, not senile.”
"Well." Tony puffs up his cheeks in defeat. "Fine."
Noh-Varr bursts through the door, water in hand. “Holy shit,” he mutters. He stands there, staring at the scene before him.
“But…?”
She waved him off.  “The start of the season is hectic for veteran players.  I’m sure that goes double for you rookies.  Miss Romanoff had said--that is--she made it seem like you were interested in doing some volunteer work with our organization.”
“I’m yours.”  He sighed and settled more heavily into Steve’s side.  “Much as you’re mine.”
“He’s not far off,” Wanda jumped in when Sharon got distracted by a ding from her email.  “You’ve done media guide profiles while you were at Texas, I’m sure?”
Steve wrapped an arm around Tony’s shoulders.  “I’ll show you when we get home.”
“Thank you, ma’am,” Fury said, coming to stand next to her.  “Now, I’m not gonna spend a lot of time talking to you because we have a lot to do and, as always, less time than I’d like to get it done.  But we’ve got a solid group of guys assembled this year, and you’re going to be some of them. And while I may be in charge, I’m a big believer in compartmentalization.  What that means is, the rest of my staff are experts in the thing they do, so that they can each train you up the best they can. And if you listen to them during the week and listen to me on Sundays, we’re gonna come out on top.”  He glanced down at the tablet he’d laid on the front table. “Before we can get you in with equipment and in the gym for a little wakeup workout, take a look at the tablet in front of you. This is my playbook. Now it’s your playbook.  I sincerely hope it’s going to become your best friend.” He fixed them with his one good eye. “You won’t be happy if it doesn’t.”
“Huh? Oh, yeah.”  He reached out and flicked the edge of the card they’d found that poked fun at his refusal to engage with social media.
“I’m pretty sure that’s sexual harassment.”
Steve wrinkled his nose at her, but he laughed too.  “You’re the worst.”
“Burger?” Tony offered.
“Bucky, your baby quarterback’s here,” he yelled back towards the back yard.  He pointed towards the kitchen.  “Food in the fridge.  We’re just pulling shi--stuff out as we need it.  Beer and ice in the backyard.  Don’t swear around the kids or Mary Dugan’ll kick your ass.”
~~*~~
The press exploded with follow-up questions.  Steve blushed to the roots of his hair;
“Boys,” Phillips barked, “now we got too much time left to just let this one go, so when we go out there, I need you to move that ball just four more yards.  We’re gonna keep it on the ground, so it should be next to impossible to screw up. Give me those four yards, and we’re takin’ home a shiny trophy that’ll have all y’all’s lip prints on it for the rest of time.”
Steve swiveled around in his seat and stared at his teammates crowded onto the narrow bed that had come with the apartment.  “You think I can’t take care of myself?”
“Sure.”  He glanced sidelong at Tony.  “You can pick, though.  Apart from the sandwiches from Lady Ace we got last weekend, I usually just cook for myself.”
Steve nodded.
and stuff like that.”
Steve shook his head.  “You don’t have to explain.”
“Sorry, sorry,” Steve dropped his phone back into his backpack and started scrubbing himself dry.  “How’d today go?”
“Thanks, man,” Sam said with a smile.
Steve shrugged down at the workout clothes in his hands.  “I was...I went out with a--a friend.”
“Steve Rogers.  You’re special teams, right?”
Bucky shrugged.  “Sure. Gotta look out for my squishy new quarterback.”  He slapped his hand against the doorframe. “We’re outta here.  Take care of yourself this week, punk.”
“And you’re sure you want just the numbers?  No Lombardi Trophy?  I did up both, just in case.”
“Hmm?” Steve hummed to indicate he was still awake and paying attention.
“Who the hell doesn’t have closets in the bedroom?” he asked in response to Steve telling him the tiny sitting room off the master was actually the closet and to just bring the boxes labelled CLOTHES to him there.
~~*~~
Tony fairly glowed as he turned and trotted back over to the, now significantly emptier, pens and called, “Bucky!”
Natasha took her suitcase in one hand and his arm in the other and steered them towards reception.  “Yeah, Steve, your mom must be so proud.”
Hill stepped back, and Sharon came to take her turn in front of them.  When she spoke, her voice was friendly, but firm. She clearly expected all of them to listen and take her seriously the first time.  “I know we’ve all seen, and probably laughed over, players who end up on ESPN or the news for doing something wild or reckless or dangerous or
They took off down the path, Wylie zigzagging along beside Steve as much as the slack Steve had left in the leash would allow.  He and Bucky generally kept pace with each other, but thankfully Bucky wasn’t a talkative partner, so Steve could focus on his body and the road.  As they ran, he caught a few people lounging on the grass raising cameras in his and Bucky’s direction out of the edge of his vision.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah?”
“Ma,” he’d said softly, just in case she was dozing.  “Ma, I’m--”
“Sharon Carter is our head of public relations.”  A delicate blonde woman stood up and offered them a small wave.  “She, or someone on her team, should be the first voice the media hears on all team matters.  And I do mean all. Sometimes that will mean saying nothing and waiting for her to speak first.  Sometimes that will mean being discreet and following the precedent she’s set in other, similar situations.”
As soon as Fitz took the first down snap and turned to hand it off to Miller, Steve could see the play breaking down.  Rollins and one of the defensive ends breached the line almost immediately and headed straight for Fitz to cut off the handoff.  They bowled sideways into Fitz, and he went down hard, the ball popping loose.
Sam held his hands up in mock surrender.  “Hey, hey, I’m just tryin’ to watch out for my guy.”
Steve rolled his eyes and went to hang his suit in the closet.  “I love this kind of nosy personal stuff,” he muttered.
Steve watched him push buttons, slide the disc into the player, but his eyes were drawn down to Tony’s bare feet.  He was tapping them softly against the floor while he hummed “Sharp Dressed Man” under his breath.  “You mind if I take my shoes off?” he asked.
She stood and patted his arm, her hand gentle on his bare forearm.  “I know this is overwhelming. Think about it. I know this game. The one on the field
Drafting a national champ seems like the move to make tbh.  Fitz’s arm is shit.
She scrolled for a moment before she asked her next question.  “Now, ticketing needs to know if you’re going to need season tickets in the WAGS section.  And they remind you that anyone two or over needs a ticket to enter on gameday.”
Steve threw his towels in the laundry, shoved his dirty clothes in his “ew gross” bag and slung it and his backpack over his shoulder.  “You finally ready?”
“I’m not embarrassed of you, if that’s what you’re thinking,” Steve told the firefly that had landed on Tony’s knee.
“First birthday present you bought one of your parents with your own money?”
“Don’t wanna mess with
“Jesus.  Might as well have flown us into town in the Iron Man suit if that’s the alternative,” Steve teased as he slid into the passenger seat.
Bucky’s voice as he called out to the rest of his friends, Jim and Gabe’s mingled laughter as they retreated down the hallway, and finally the door closing behind them all had filled the house with a sense of family that it had been lacking since the prior summer.  Even after they were fully gone, the house settled warm around Steve as he started stacking dishes into the dishwasher.
Steve stared down at his hand where it rested next to Tony’s on the bar.  The cool stone made his palm feel clammy.  “I think…” he sighed and looked up to meet Tony’s gaze.  “I know you and I are the only ones who know, but I--I think...I don’t want to look at myself and see a liar anymore.”
When Steve and Fitz got trotted out for the media the Friday before Week One, it felt like a shitshow from start to finish.  Questions about how they had been working together, how many reps each one of them got in practice, whether the 33-3 blowout loss against the Saints in the third week of preseason was the reason Fitz played the whole game against the Eagles.  It went on for over an hour, and while it was certainly unpleasant, Steve was making it through with relatively benign answers, but when a young man wearing a Fox Sports badge stood up and asked, “Steve, are you disappointed the Avengers aren’t giving you the chance to start while Brock Rumlow, a second-round pick, will be starting in the season opener here this weekend?”
Steve laughed.  “Fair. So not to be rude, but, was...uh...were you guys raised in a barn?”
Once Tony put the phone back to his ear, Steve turned back to the windows.  The view of Manhattan from this high up was exquisite, and once he figured out which pane of glass was also the door, he slipped outside onto the balcony that appeared to double as a landing pad for Iron Man.  He itched for a pencil, but settled for promising himself that the view would be just as good next time.
“You’re ready for a weekend though, I bet?” she asked with a conspiratorial wink.
Bucky pushed him, laughing when Steve rolled easily onto his back in the grass.  “Of course I’m sure.  Just bring whatever you were gonna make and we’ll add it to the spread.”
The fear that had boiled just under that desire, though, was that no one would want him.  He’d discussed that possibility with Natasha too; he’d insisted. She seemed to think he was jumping at shadows, but she’d also conceded the wisdom in preparing for both the best and worst case scenarios.  So she’d helped him polish his “normal person” resume and drilled him with interview questions a design firm would ask on top of the on-camera questions sports broadcasters would ask.
“Sure.  I made way too much.”  Steve agreed easily then dug back into the cabinet for another bowl.
“Fellas,” he nodded at them then started getting himself together.
She spent the next hour walking them through the basics for the actual employment side of being a professional athlete.  At one point about halfway through, Steve scribbled in the margins of his notes “why is job orientation boring literally everywhere?”  Sam glanced over and saw it and snorted with repressed laughter.
,” Pepper cut in smoothly, quelling the clamor.  She shot Tony a Look before she continued. “We were interested in drafting a quarterback who would bring local fans into the stadium and would get the ones who couldn’t make it to the stadium to tune in on Sunday afternoons.  We definitely get that by bringing a hometown product back to his neighborhood.” She smirked. “And it doesn’t hurt that he’s got serious talent.”
Steve went over and knelt down on a level with her.  “Hello, what’s your name?’
“Thor.  It is a pleasure to meet you, Sam, Scott, Steve.”  He nodded to each of them before digging into his food.
Steve shook his head.  “Not really.”
Steve
me so I know you’re not dead in a dumpster somewhere.”
“And here I was all set to apologize to you,” Sam said as he sidled up to lean on the counter while Steve tidied.  “I didn’t mean to embarrass you, but I did.  I’m sorry.”
Steve turned to the GM as she reached to pin an Avengers lapel pin to his suit.  “Thank you for this opportunity, ma’am.”
“Full name?” he asked, pen poised over the line.
“Nope!”  Bucky grinned and hustled towards his line before Steve could smack him.
“You’re damn right it was,” Sam griped.  “Every time the house settled I about jumped outta my skin wondering if it was you or an axe murderer.”  He swatted at Steve from his spot in the wingback chair next to the window.  “So where were you that you couldn’t be bothered to call?”
“We’ll get ‘em,” Steve promised.
Tony sighed.  “I have to go to California next week.  We’re powering up a new arc reactor for the West Coast facility.  But I’ll be around for the opening of the full training camp week after that.  We can go for milkshakes and I’ll wear your letter jacket.”
KUTX is one of the best (in my opinion) radio stations in Austin.  I figured out how to stream it at my house, and y’all, I swear, I could feel my life improve.
Steve dug his fingers into Tony’s hair; the sensation of the soft strands a counterpoint to the sucking kisses Tony was layering onto his hips and thighs as he meandered lower.  “I thought I was p-promised a lobotomy?”
Steve nodded up at him.  “Sounds good.  You need us to bring anything else?”
He sat at the breakfast bar in the kitchen and drank his coffee and played around with mimicking some calligraphy he’d seen in a stationery shop window when he’d been out grocery shopping while he waited on Sam.
“Of course, hon,” she answered.  “Yours still the same?”
Steve looked at the little bit left that now didn’t seem nearly as daunting.  “Sure.”
Tony sat up, fingers dancing around the edges of the plastic wrap.  “Is this...how did you…?”
He shook his head.  “No.”
Steve poked his head around the closet door and watched Tony fiddle with hanging up his shirt, tie, and jacket for a moment.  The neat circle of neoprene was covering his pacemaker again, but Steve’s eyes were drawn instead to the scattering of freckles across Tony’s shoulders that he hadn’t noticed before.  He smiled at the way Tony frowned down at his tie as he rolled it up to stick in his pants pocket.  “I’m gonna head back out.  Take your time though.”
“This is the kind of dramatic Nat meant,” he muttered to himself.
“Only part?” Steve teased as he slid onto the chair next to Tony.  Tony pushed a container of cannelloni towards him, and he took a bite then groaned aloud.  “You can
Your kind comments and kudos make my week.  Seriously.  Y'all are the best readers a gal could ask for.  Please feel free to come shriek at me on tumblr too if you're so inclined (@longhornletters)
“Mr. Steve!” She called.  “Mr. Steve!”
“Excuse me Sir, but Ryan from Dominick’s is requesting delivery access.”
the common denominator.”
“It’s a date,” Steve agreed.
“Hey,
Steve laughed.  “Never any doubt.”
Tony took a deep breath.  “So, I was calling because I
Dum Dum clapped him on the shoulder and grinned down at him.  “That’s why we play though, right? So our families don’t have to worry.”
saying, Steve.  If you’re with someone dramatic.  Any kind of dramatic. People are going to talk.  And if they’re talking about who you’re seeing, it becomes a distraction.  For you. For your teammates. And it becomes a tool for whoever you’re playing.”
Steve licked his lips and reminded himself that it was just an urban legend that saliva from kissing didn’t actually stay in your mouth for two weeks.  “Yeah…”
Steve shook his head as he moved to the sink to wash his hands.  “I’m not fancy.”
“I’m not…” he sighed and frowned as he felt himself blushing furiously.  “This is gonna sound crass, but...I don’t like you for your money.”
Tony poked the back of Steve’s hand where it rested across his thigh. “Why Texas?”
He reached out and slipped his hand into Tony’s, smiling when Tony’s face lit up.  It was, he realized, the first time he’d reached out for Tony instead of the other way around.  “All that relationship stuff comes when you’ve got the right person.  They see you.  You see them.”
Steve blinked at Fitz.  “A--a fan?”
“Come, sit, have a drink.”  Bucky motioned Steve over and pointed at the hammock chair next to his lounger.
“Have I mentioned you’re a nerd?”
“Do you have any personal social media?  Twitter?  Instagram?  Snapchat?”
“Plus if you only do that, they’ll have more time with potential families,” Dolores put in.
Steve shook his head.  “It’s late.  I have a MetroCard for a reason.”
“Please tell me right now if I’m reading this wrong,” Tony murmured leaning into Steve’s space.
~~*~~
Steve smiled, quietly pleased, and nodded even as his gut clenched.
,” Sam whispered.
Pietro stuck his head in and called over to him, “we’re ready for you, Rogers.”
She stood and squeezed Steve’s shoulder.  “You’re supposed to be at the Bellagio two hours before the first round starts to make yourself available to the media, so I’m going to get out of your hair.  I’ll come back and get you in an hour?”
”...Maria Hill as a vintage pinup girl?”
A glance up at the clock confirmed Steve could call the play every offense longed to call in a game like this.  He ran up to meet the line. “We’re going under center for this. Victory formation, boys.”
Natasha grinned at him.  “I may have my hands in everything, but I’m not the bad guy.  Promise.” She shuffled the papers back into their folder then swatted him on the arm with it.  “Go get some sleep. ESPN is going to crawl up your ass and live there before you can think.”
Steve smiled and tugged Tony closer.  “You’re just full’a good advice.”
Fitz shrugged.  “Get to be my age in this game, and you’re always hurt.”  He patted Steve’s arm.  “Don’t look so worried.  I’ll be fine.”
Steve turned around and nodded.  “I’m good for a while.”  Tony slithered up under his arm, making Steve smile down at him.  “You built all this?” he asked.
“Hey,” Bucky broke in, a couple of the Howlies trailing behind him.  “Steve, you played with Rumlow, right?”
“Get dressed, you dork,” Sham chided him.  “I’m hungry and the longer you stand there staring at your phone, the longer I have to wait to eat.”
“Less traffic that way,” Tony agreed and gunned the engine.
A soft knock at his door forced him out of his seat.  Natasha was standing on the other side. He couldn’t really explain why, but he was glad to see her, so he waved her in then retreated back to his armchair. He caught a glimpse of her trailing her fingers over the edge of the MVP trophy peeking out of his suitcase.
“Hate you?” Steve and Bucky both turned to see Tony, holding himself up against the wall. “No. For years I wished I could.” Steve frowned and rolled his eyes, muttering a quiet ‘great’ and starting to walk away. “Remember when Ultron ran off?” he asked.
“I fucking love you, and you still haven’t realized how much.” Steve sighed, only to hear a quiet ‘language’ from Tony. He rolled his eyes. “But sure. You’re alive, you can go back and live your life.”
Steve chuckled. “I was asleep for 70 years, I have a lot to catch up on,” he said. He had missed Tony’s dramatic self. “But, to answer your question, Banner is barely around, and neither are the others. After you killed Thanos…” Tony shifted. “They all disbanded. The only ones around are Sam and the kid.”
Bucky looked at him and then at Bruce. “I really wouldn’t try to stop him,” he said. “We’ll bring you back in two seconds, okay?”
“Why do you think everything is a joke to me?” Tony shot. “I think I’m making myself pretty clear,” he said. “It’s up to you if I go back to Pepper and Morgan or stay here.” He looked around. “You live here, right?” he asked.
Steve frowned. “That doesn’t make it any better,” he said. “And you’re going to see them tomorrow, what are you going to tell them? ‘I’m alive now. By the way, I made out with Cap a few times since last night’?” He got no response other than an eye roll from the other. “I’m serious, Tony.”
Steve nodded, looking at him. “I was counting on that,” he said. “Of course they’ll know. I’ll talk to them tomorrow. Have them come over here or have you go there. They live in the same place, so you should know how to get there.”
"Don't. I don't care. For once I want to do something for myself." Steve glared at him. “So don’t tell me that’s it’s a bad idea or dangerous. I’m getting Tony back.”
Steve shook his head lightly, mostly in amusement. “That’s what we all thought when you got engaged, Tony,” he said. He glanced out of the window and sighed, running a hand through his hair. It was pitch black. “You woke up after midnight. Maybe you should sleep,” he said.
Bucky bit his lip and grabbed the collar of Steve's shirt and pulled him up, forcing him to sit. "Now you're going to listen very carefully, because I'm not going to repeat it." Steve looked at him with a frown. "He left because that was what he had to do. Tony Stark didn't want to leave. He had a wife and a daughter. He had you. And he died to protect what he had," he said sternly. "So don't even consider thinking whatever self-deprecating thought that may be crossing your mind, okay?"
Steve frowned, looking at him. He scoffed. “So you’re making me decide between them and me? Why?” he asked.
“I can feel the tension from here!” Bucky called from his room. “Get a room and fuck already!”
“Sleep? I’m not sure anyone here knows what that means anymore.” Steve chuckled softly. “Buck has nightmares almost every night. I don’t really sleep much anymore. So, whatever happens to you, I can assure you that you won’t be alone,” he reassured. “Before everyone vanished, I used to see the war. Then it was more of a reminder of our failure… and for the past year, I haven’t been able to get rid of you.” He looked at him as he answered his question.
Tony stayed quiet for a moment. “What do you see when you close your eyes?” He looked at him. “I just need to be sure it won’t be fucked up when everyone is asleep.”
“What happened?” Bucky asked with a frown, going after Steve. And yet, he got no response. “Really? Are we back to that?” he asked. “What happened?” Again, Steve didn’t respond. “Steve!”
The boy shrugged. “Dunno… they called early this morning and said to bring you these roses,” he said.
Steve awoke to a groan. His eyes shot open and went straight to Tony, who was laying on a bed. He’d been there for four days… but he was alive. That was all that mattered. Especially when he saw him open his eyes.
The door swung open without any warning, but it didn't do much to get the man's attention. "Steve?" Bucky's voice filled the room. "Do you need anything?" he asked. "We haven't seen you in three days," he added, closing the door and walking closer to the bed.
Steve looked at him and smiled lightly. “Your old room is empty… as in, literally empty,” he said. “So, let’s go to mine,” he added. He took Tony’s arm gently and pulled him slowly towards his room.
It was quiet in the Avengers' facility. It'd been a year since they'd defeated Thanos... but at what cost? Would it have been better if they hadn't played with time? If they had just left things the way they were after killing Thanos? Was getting the others back worth losing Tony? For most of them, sure. A small sacrifice for the greater good, even if it hurt them. To Steve, absolutely not. It wasn't worth it because all it gave him was Bucky and Sam. And Steve really didn't understand why Tony had sacrificed himself without previous warning.
Steve bit his lip for a moment. “You did that years ago…” he said, almost inaudibly before crashing his lips against Tony’s. And to say Tony was surprised would be a huge understatement.
This one made Steve feel almost safe. But it wasn’t real. He kissed back for a moment and pulled away. “I can’t let you do it,” he said quietly, looking at him. “We’re friends and you’re married with a kid-”
“No, Tony, I can’t. It’s not that simple.” Steve couldn’t quite understand Tony in general, but now… he really couldn’t understand anything. Why was he like that?
Tony and Steve exchanged a look that Bucky could clearly read. “Lack of sleep,” Tony said nonchalantly as he started the coffee maker. The doorbell rang and Steve and Bucky looked at each other, slightly confused. “Steve, you should get that,” he said with an innocent smile that looked everything but innocent. Steve went to argue, but Tony spoke again. “I’m dead for the next couple of hours.”
Steve scoffed. “You know why. If you’re not oblivious and have ever noticed… anything. Or even listened to me before you almost got yourself killed, you know why.”
Tony smiled lightly into the kiss and pulled Steve closer.
“Look it up on Google, I have about two minutes before the world knows I’m alive, so I’m gonna head home. I’ll see you later.” He smiled, kissing his cheek and walking out as he opened the door.
"I need to bring Tony back," he answered, looking at the rebuilt time machine. "We got that back for a reason, Bruce," he said as he saw Bruce was about to argue. "I don't care if I don't come back. I have to try," he added.
Steve sat on the kitchen counter, swinging his legs slightly. His eyes followed Tony as the other got closer and stole a brief kiss. A spark could be seen in Steve’s eyes. A spark that hadn’t been there in many, many years.
And the world wasn’t ready for Tony Stark to be back in it.
Tony frowned. “I’m not sure if that’s supposed to make me feel better, but it’s not… it’s really not,” he said. He stood up and walked closer to him. “I’m here now. You don’t have anything to fear.” Steve looked at him. “Everyone is alright. You took me back from the dead! You’ll be fine, I know that. But not if you keep pushing yourself to pull all nighters,” he said. He gently moved his hand to cup Steve’s cheek. “Try. At the very least, try to get some rest, you may be surprised.” As he spoke, Steve’s gaze dropped to the floor.
“Cap…” he started, trying his very best not to sound harsh. “I was meant to die for the sake of the world. It was my choice, not yours,” he hissed.
Steve didn’t understand. Why was Tony being so… aggressive? Sure, it was Tony and they had their moment but they were never alone. And Tony had never gotten so close. Oh, shit-
Steve’s eyes left Tony as he saw someone show up in the kitchen. “Morning, Buck,” he greeted with a smile. “Coffee?” he asked, glancing at Tony momentarily.
Holy fucking shit!
Steve turned and walked to him. “Oh, really? Last I checked, everything was about you,” he said. “It doesn’t matter the why. The point is that you’re alive now. Once again, you’re welcome,” he said.
Steve looked at him. “Tony…” he breathed out quietly as the shorter male stepped closer. “Tony.”
An eye roll was all the response he got. “Are you going to tell me why you took me out of my year and made me lose a year of my life?” he asked, and, despite his words, there was no mean or angry tone in his voice. It was almost playful, really.
“I can’t,” he said, keeping his gaze away from Tony’s. “There are so many things wrong, it’s not just you,” he added, trying to convince Tony to let him just… not sleep.
Steve couldn’t find words or his voice for a few seconds. All he could seem to do was look at Tony as if he was seeing him for the first time… the only difference was the feeling in his chest. The first time it was anger and near hatred at the other’s arrogance. Now? There was nothing but fear and overwhelming adoration. And he was sure Tony could see it in his eyes.
“That makes no sense,” Tony said. “Now, who was it that tried to shame me for fighting for myself?” he asked, way too cockily for his current state. “I told you to live your life. Why didn’t you?”
Tony’s eyes widened. “A girlfriend?” he asked, almost in disbelief. Steve nodded with a chuckle. “That poor girl…”
“I tried to live that happy life I lost, just like you told me to,” he said after a few moments of silence. He didn’t want to say the wrong thing. “But I couldn’t. The single fact that /you/ told me to, took away that happiness.” Tony frowned, not quite understanding what Steve was saying. He’d figured out that wasn’t the Steve he knew… he knew that much. “I went on the date I missed with Peggy… I managed to stay there for no over two weeks,” he explained.
Steve blinked and tilted his head slightly. “Of course… what is it?” He frowned, looking at him, still trying to get over the fact that he was badly scarred from the battle and he would probably be for a long time, if not forever.
Tony raised an eyebrow as he stood less than a foot away. “Yeah? What’s going through the oh so stoic Captain Rogers’ head?” he asked with a smirk. “Did I melt the facade?” He fake pouted, getting even closer.
“Don’t be loud, I want to chill,” Bucky called as they walked past his room. “Especially you, Steve, if you don’t want me to never let it go!”
“Well, it was my choice to save your life. You’re welcome, Stark,” Steve said, shooting him a glare and breaking free from his grip, “And I thought you would stop being a jerk after being saved from death…” he muttered, walking out of the door, pushing past Bucky.
"You know that's not the same. He left because he wanted to..." The words left Steve's lips just before his voice broke. "He left on free will."
Steve nodded, standing up. “He’s fine. Still not quite over your death, but he’s doing alright. I’m pretty sure he got a girlfriend. He’s not around much, though. I saw him a few days ago, though. He was doing much better than a couple of months ago. But we both avoided the topic,” he said. “Maybe you should see him tomorrow. I’m sure he would be so happy to see you,” he added.
Tony’s eyes widened for a moment. “Oh… right. I keep forgetting you’re like, five centuries old.” Steve rolled his eyes. “It was discovered in the 50s, I think.” Steve nodded slowly. “Explained for average people, like you, it’s something the brain releases that says ‘get the fuck to sleep’.” Steve opened his mouth to say something, but Tony continued talking. “With technology and shit, people’s brains don’t make enough sometimes so they started making pills or gummies to help people sleep… and make tons of money, but that’s alright, I suppose.”
“Wait… so you’re making me choose for you? All I did was make sure you stayed alive. Plus, I won’t be a one night stand,” he said with a frown. “So you decide what to do with your life.”
Tony looked at him with a frown. He looked at his arm and saw a third-degree burn all the way up his arm. “What- how- how long has it been?” he asked. Voice raspy and it almost made Steve’s knees go weak.
Bucky looked back and forth between the two. “I don’t know that story, so I’ll take it as a hint to leave you two alone,” he said with a soft chuckle. “Steve, don’t let him go,” he whispered as he went past Steve.
So, there he was, laying on the bed, as he always was lately. Glassy blue eyes blankly staring up at the ceiling. His hair somewhat long and had stopped shaving three weeks back. He had no one to impress anyway. He didn't find the need to really take care of himself. He had no one to live for. Hell, he had even stopped drawing.
He didn't talk to any of the other Avengers. He only spoke to Bucky. He'd lost his love once. He never expected to lose another so soon. He constantly reminded himself of the pain he felt when he thought Tony had vanished with the others. People always said 'don't think about it too much. Ignorance is bliss.' But... was it? He didn't believe so.
He got up and followed the sound, slightly confused.
As soon as they walked into Steve’s room, Tony shut the door. “Well, so you want me to stay?” he asked, looking at him smugly. Steve looked at him and rolled his eyes before getting kissed once again briefly. “I’ll keep doing it until you answer.”
Tony scoffed. “Ooh, getting bossy, are we?” he asked with a smirk, sitting on the bed beside Steve. “Okay, then. I’ll stay… but Pepper and Morgan have to know what you did. They have to know I’m alive.”
And Tony wasn’t going to have it.
Before he could even think, he spoke, almost unwillingly. “Tony, don’t!” he called. Upon hearing his voice, Tony looked up.
Tony looked around, not noticing Steve at first. He was beyond confused. Last he knew, the facility was destroyed and he was near death. How-? He sat up quickly, letting out a groan of pain.
“Of course you can.” Tony shrugged.
“Isn’t it?” he asked. “Do I have to kiss you so you make up your mind?” He frowned, looking at him with an eyebrow raised. And he was surprised to see a light pink dust Steve’s cheeks. “Oh, is that a blush? So unprofessional, Captain,” he teased with a smirk.
“Well… that is fucked up, what about the others?” Tony asked. “I’ve only seen you and Anakin Skywalker over there,” he said. Steve frowned, looking at him, almost confused. He knew he was talking about Bucky but… “Oh, come on, seriously?” he sighed. “You’ve been here for over a decade and still haven’t seen Star Wars? Shameful!” he said dramatically.
Steve’s gaze dropped to Tony’s hand. “Over a year. I took you back a year into the future,” he said.
Steve’s blush darkened as he heard Bucky and a long whine left his throat. And Tony found way too much amusement in the Captain’s reaction. “I mean, I’m not so sure about the fucking… but we could get a room,” he said, raising an eyebrow. Steve stuttered, not sure of what he was supposed to or wanted to say. “I can’t really stand much longer,” he added.
Thoughts raced through Steve’s mind, loud and chaotic. And, suddenly, everything went quiet for a moment. It wasn’t for long, but it was long enough to realize that Tony was kissing him.
Steve looked at him and sighed. “Alright. I’ll go, save him from death and-”
Tony smiled slightly and looked at him. “I told you. Lack of sleep. It’s the only thing worth mentioning about last night.”
“We’ll leave you before the battle and you take him here-” Bucky said. He didn’t want Steve to go through any more pain or fighting.
“No, if we do that, there’ll be no saving to humanity. I’ll go back before he died. I’ll figure it out from there,” Bucky and Bruce exchanged a look. “Please be here when I get back.”
Bucky looked at him until he was out of sight. Then, he turned to Tony. “Okay, what the hell happened? I haven’t seen him so happy since 1944,” he said. “What did you do?”
“Sure, why not,” Bucky chuckled, relieved to see his best friend so happy after years. He walked over and sat on a chair. “What’s got you two so happy?” he asked, raising an eyebrow.
With nothing but an eye roll, Steve got up and walked to the door. "Banner!" he called, walking quickly down the stairs to meet the mix of human and green monster that he still couldn't get used to. "I need your help."
Tony raised an eyebrow. “Maybe you should, too, Cap,” he said, looking at him. “You said you barely sleep anymore.” Steve rolled his eyes. “I won’t sleep if you don’t even try,” he said.
“Ah, here they are.” Tony smiled, popping out of the door beside Steve. “Thanks, kid,” he said, glancing at Steve and then at the bouquet in the blond’s hand. The teen gasped as he saw Tony. He pulled out a $100 bill and handed it to the delivery guy. “Keep the change,” he said, closing the door. He turned to Steve with a smirk. “It looked like you needed a rescue,” he said with a chuckle.
When Steve realized what was happening, it too late to process. They were mad at each other, right? Was that a new flirting thing now? Had even the flirting changed? Either way, they were mad at each other just a minute ago… so why was Tony suddenly two inches away and getting closer? And, if he was really mad at Tony, why was he allowing him to be that close and effortlessly pin him to the wall?
Steve frowned and blinked. “Melatonin? What- what’s that?”
Steve opened the door and frowned lightly, blinking in confusion at the teen that stood outside the door. “Um… can I help you?” he asked when the boy hadn’t spoken in a few seconds.
And so, there he was. Steve Rogers. The wonderful and strong Captain America. Worthy of holding Mjölnir. And he still wasn't happy. People adored him. And he didn't care. A year had passed and he still wasn't the same. He wasn't the same Steve Rogers everyone knew. Not even close, really.
Steve frowned. Was he messing with him or was that just an awful attempt at flirting? “No, you’re very stupid all the time.”
Steve held him up. “What does that mean?” he asked. “Is this a joke to you?” He frowned, not letting go of him.
“Do you know what I saw?” he asked, looking at Steve, who stopped walking as if he were waiting for an answer. “I saw you… the others, too, but it didn’t feel the same.” Steve turned to him, not saying anything. “You were dying, right in front of my eyes. And I couldn’t do anything. You said I could’ve saved you…” he said, unsure of what Steve’s reaction would be.
“I know, and you’re right. I’ll think of something. But let’s just forget about them for now, okay?” Steve raised an eyebrow, not used to being told he’s right… at least not by Tony. “I want this and so do you, I don’t really see the problem,” he said.
Steve looked away, pushing him away gently so he wouldn’t fall. “God, Tony, of course I want you to stay. You’re dead anyway, what people don’t know can’t hurt them. But I can’t keep you here.” Tony raised an eyebrow, looking at him.
Tony shook his head. “Nope. I’m very stupid right now. You’ll have to tell me,” he said with the tiniest hint of a smirk.
Steve glanced at him and raised an eyebrow, clearly unwilling to keep up the conversation, as Bucky sat on the bed beside him. "You know what I need," he said quietly, his voice raspy from barely speaking in weeks.
Bucky frowned and ran a hand through his hair. "You know what I mean," he said. "You haven't left this room in three days. Which means you haven't eaten-"
Steve frowned for a moment. “I’m not sure if that’s a really bad threat or a really good promise,” he said, sitting on his bed and looking up at him. He smiled lightly and looked down. “Of course I want you to stay. I didn’t fuck the timeline up for nothing.” Tony leaned against the wall looking at him, arms crossed over his chest. “I told you and I’ll say it again. I love you, and I have for a long time. So, yeah, I do.” Tony smiled. “Oh, shut up. Are you going to sit down or what?”
“To the other side of the country. I was thinking, for next year. We could go fly out to LA, maybe meet up with Tommy. Then drive back to New York. Just you and me.”
. They...they come first.”
So, um…
“Fine.”
Tony sets down the bread knife on the cutting board. He turns around and smiles at Noh-Varr, making Tommy’s heart rate spike up. “Do you mind if I speak to my son in private? Five minutes.” When Noh-Varr only nods, Tony takes hold of Tommy’s wrist and gently leads him back to his bedroom. He twists the lock as the door closes with a soft click.
Not only does Tony insist on opening his presents in private, he insists on bringing Steve along and for Steve to open his own gifts with Tony. This Christmas is already turning out to be the odd one from all the other Holiday celebrations in his life, and Tony has had a lot of odd Christmases. He wouldn’t exactly call it the worst—hardly the first one with a panic attack the day before. But it’s definitely high up on some list somewhere. He just has to rack his brain for what kind of list to put it under.
“Oh.” Tony says through a mouthful of pasta. “He’s a hundred and three. He only looks young because their Red Skull God keeps him young or something.”
Tony settles for a nap.
“What time did you get here?”
“And what was it, Dad? I’m a little what?”
Just go. Jesus.
I’ve waited for you for far too long for that to just happen.
"Hey, it's okay. You can tell me. I won't be mad."
"You shouldn't even be detached from your IVs yet."
Neither does he find it weird that his dad is dating someone with blond hair, blue eyes...er, more
“Nonsense! A cook without an apron is like a knight without armor. Right, Pete?” Tony holds his open palm out for Peter.
"Thanks, Aunt Nat," says Peter.
It breaks Billy’s heart. He could only imagine how much of this is actually hurting his old man.
“No? Okay, then. So, where was I? I don’t know all the details with the Parkers and the Starks, how they’re able to reach a deal like this. I know their deal had a lot to do with research and experiments, that grandpa and grandma, and eventually Tony, would continue to fund the Parkers’ work should anything happen to them. I wanted to know how a child managed to sneak into the story, and Tony did too. But nobody had the answer, and all we’re left with is a choice.
Bucky’s opening up to new suggestions.
Steve sniffles when he returns the gesture. "Missed you too, bud."
“Are you happy?”
Noh-Varr stands. He grabs a glass from one of the overhead cupboards and pours water in it. He slides the glass of water to Tony, who mutters a thanks as he takes a sip. “Tommy has told me all about the divorce. Would you believe me if I say it was with a lot more emotion?”
JARVIS clears his throat, another odd quirk, something Tony hasn’t heard before. Maybe Peter had taught him to do that. “If I may, sir,” he says, the sound of his voice vibrating Tony’s sweater, piercing through his skin. It tickles. Tony is enjoying the sensation more than he’s willing to admit. “Young Master Stark has been bitten by a radioactive spider during one of his field trips approximately thirteen months, twelve days, two hours, and seventeen minutes ago. That spider emitted energy similar to what now resides in the Hulk. And in Captain Rogers’ blood.”
H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝
“Uncle Hank?”
“Why did they put you in a box, Pop-pop?” Peter takes a hold of Steve’s face. His small hands imprint on Steve’s skin the feeling of an electric current, pinpricks, and static; it tickles, then goes numb.
“Tony, ease up on the kid—”
Now, can we start?
"I do have to go." Steve sighs. "But I—I'll give Peter some time and—"
"Are you sure you don't need another room?" asks Shuri. "There's plenty of free rooms here."
“Hardly just some guy if he got to eat lunch with our dad’s boyfriend.”
E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕
“Wait.” Steve gets out of the car and takes two of the spare blankets he has kept in the backseat. He lays one over Peter, now dozing off, and hands Tony the other one after he hops back inside. “Thought you might need these.”
could dye my hair black,” Steve responds.
important to Kate. Just some...
"Stop." Tony can't breathe. Or, no. He's breathing too much.
Instead, he revels in Steve’s small kisses on his temple, his nose, the edge of his lips. He likes the feeling of Steve’s eyelashes fluttering on his cheek. He likes hearing Steve’s voice, still talking about his thoughts and questions on the nonsensical—most likely because of the late hour—and the mundane—most likely from Steve just needing to feel human, and trying to pass that humanity to Tony.
“Just the first page,” Tony says, determined.
They resume lunch with a lighter conversation, talking about nothing and everything, bringing Peter into the conversation when they can. Eventually, their sandwiches diminish to crumbs on their shirts and the picnic blanket, and it's onwards to dessert: a small chocolate cake from a nearby bakery, divided into three equal parts.
For now, he has a plan. Well, less of a plan, and more of just wanting to do something, and he'll see where he goes from there.
anymore.” Steve shrugs the rest of the story away. There’s a tinge of red at the tip of his ears as he pours himself a mug of coffee.
The doorbell rings.
"What else do we have to do tomorrow?" Tony asks.
There's shuffling on Peter's bed. Steve must have made himself comfortable by Pete's feet, sitting on the edge of the bed and touching their son. He could be touching Peter’s calf or wiggling Peter’s toes as he had once done when Peter had been younger. Tony doesn’t let his paternal instincts get the best of him. It has betrayed him once before, in Leipzig, when he raised his repulsor rays at a mild-mannered newcomer dressed in blue and red tights, everything else whizzing past him in a blur. Steve had been no better, but no worse than Tony if he really thinks about it. He has chosen not to, and that night isn’t any different. He finds it easier to justify the anger that bubbles up, the want to spring up from his bed and kick Steve off of Peter.
Steve takes his hand. “Steve.”
Ah, fuck we—
The silence rings in the room as neither of them speak for a moment. Tony can almost imagine Wanda manifesting herself onto one of the empty chairs.
The doorknob rattles. “Are you okay?”
“Fun. Haven’t danced en pointe in a long time, but I’m getting back into the groove of it.”
“Nope,” Tony says from the table. “No booboo for our little kitchen hero.”
“Okay. Okay, I will.”
You’re both being immature. Over a game of Life!” Tony stands up and paces in front of his TV. He stops. “And it’s hostile. He’s being overtly hostile.”
“Oh, um—” Before Tony starts to feel even more of a drama queen, he reaches for the drawer on his side of the bed and pulls out an envelope. He takes one good look at it as he sits straight. “Merry Christmas,” he tells Steve, handing him the item.
“We’ll see.” Billy smiles good-naturedly. “We’ll see. But really, that’s all we want.”
“They have keys to your room?” Steve asks in disbelief. He gently pulls Tony up from the floor and back to the bed.
“So I rushed out, woke up all the other Avengers. Back then, it was just Aunt Nat and Uncle Clint, Uncle Thor and Uncle Bruce in the tower with us. Sometimes Uncle Rhodey too, but he wasn’t there when this happened. We all made breakfast together. Uncle Clint and Aunt Nat made scrambled eggs and toasted a few biscuits. Uncle Bruce and I somehow ended up making a cake.
? You’re practically the same age, Steve. And you’re encouraging his behavior.” Tony yanks his hand out of Steve’s grip. He stomps his way to their bedroom. Steve follows suit, but not before muttering something to Tommy that Tony doesn’t quite catch. He slams the door behind him, and Steve opens it gently seconds after.
"We chalked it up to you being shy. But there was this night. After I realized that I left my slippers in your room after tucking you in. Before I opened your bedroom door to get them back, I heard you sniffling. You were crying. Then you turned on your light, and I thought you caught me. But you didn't open the door. Instead, you called out to JARVIS. And you called him Mr. JARVIS.
“I love you too.” Tony inches closer to Steve. “I love you
“What’s ‘grate’, Pop-pop?”
“Nah. Together for only seven months now, but they were close before that. My dad advised him for the majority of his post-graduate thesis.”
Steve helps Tony brush his teeth. This is completely against Tony’s wishes.
“What?” Tommy shakes his head. “No. No, Dad. It’s not about Steve. Steve’s...pretty great, actually. I’m glad you have him.”
should Steve meeting his sons turn out to be disastrous.
“Did you know my bio-dad’s name is Vision?” Tommy tells Steve. “That’s such a weird name, right? And he took my mom’s last name when they got married. Sometimes I think he wasn’t a real person, but photos have proven otherwise.”
"Good, because I refuse to share that one helmet with the rest of your friends."
I knew you couldn’t trust that mask.
Congratulations, yours is off.
Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜
Tommy gasps. “Is Grandpa sick? Is that why they’re not coming?”
"I hope you know you've reset our entire relationship back to square one. Reset, I tell you. That’s seven years in the trash."
“I did.”
Steve lets go of Tony and ushers him outside with a snicker.
“I’ve met Pietro,” Steve says after a lull in the conversation. “He’s cool.”
“I know.”
Steve cocks his head to the side. “I thought Tony told you, though?”
He tells himself it’s home.
Ah, yes, the rabbit.
But no one is laughing tonight.
"I expected more resistance. Something along the lines of...responsibilities or something. We still got the new kids to train."
“Are you okay?” says a man in front of Peter. He has fair skin, blond hair, and bright blue eyes. The bluest eyes Peter has seen. “You look a little pale.”
Odd, but Tony doesn’t question it. Instead, he clears his throat. Now or never, right?
postgrad, and Tony had found himself more than once likening them to the family of vampires in that movie Billy had made him and Tommy watch. Steve and his friends had been intriguing, like watching a nature documentary. One wrong move and Tony might destroy the peace.
You know you can put FRIDAY in charge of recording, right?
“I could dye my hair black,” Teddy suggests, teasing.
“I’ll call you later, then.”
Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕
Rich people stuff?
Just.
Steve lays himself over the duvet, wrapping an arm around Tony’s form. He gives Tony’s hair a kiss, and his lips stay where they are, just hovering over Tony’s scalp.
.” Tommy elbows Tony’s ribs.
“I should be the one apologizing,” Tony says, pouting. He looks away from Steve and starts picking at the hem of his boxers, pulling at a loose thread. “I don’t wanna hide you away, Steve. I really don’t. Especially not to my sons.”
you go to LA?” asks Billy. “Was there an art show there?”
“Thomas Franklin Stark—” Tony says with more bite than he’s used to.
D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠
"You told...you asked him if you were getting any better at coloring. And if JARVIS had seen the Lego tower you made earlier, and if it was any better than the last one you made. And JARVIS said—"
“I thought they were in a cult?”
Do you know what you’re doing?
She’s not going to—
Billy tries to pull it back down, saying that it’s rude, but Tommy is unrelenting.
Honestly, Steve.
“We can’t all hit the jackpot in high school.”
“Tommy—”
Tony purses his lips. “That’s not your job, honey. Not this time.”
"It's a conversation your father and I have had. When you were ten, I think. It was the first time—the first time that we know of—that you had stood up to a bully. Got you in a bit of trouble, but that's fine. You can't expect a child of Avengers, surrounded by other Avengers, to not do what Avengers do. And I was proud, you know? But I always thought I'd be prouder. Instead...I hoped that...I wanted to suspend you in time. To keep you the way you are. No fighting, no avenging, just Peter being Peter. I wanted to suspend all of us in time and keep us the way we were. But that's...I've done that, and it brought me all my best things. But I wouldn't genuinely wish it on someone else."
Tonight, we’re about to try something my boy—uh.
“I did not stand a chance.” Steve chuckles despite himself. “Not after he tried to convince me he was just some divorcee and that I was barking up the wrong tree. Not even after he told me he had sons my age.” He chokes down on a bitter laugh. “I kept my distance at first. Out of respect for him and myself. But a little distance can only go so much. It’s not like he didn’t want anything to do with me. We were still friends after I finished my masters, after that first rejection.”
Just hold still.
, and just as
“Uh-huh.”
Tony...
“Have you met this Noh-varr?”
“Yeah. It’s unprofessional, is what I’m getting at. I’ve lowered the price of rent but that’s it, promise.” Tony purses his lips together. “We’re making do with it, Pete. I swear we are. And it won’t be long now until their new temple is ready so you wouldn’t have to worry about your dad bunking in with his tenant.”
“I’m joining in on the hypotheticals!” Steve grabs Tony’s hand and keeps it on his thigh for the rest of Tommy’s turn. “Uh...I’d fight Vision for you?”
I forgot.
“What did you say his name is again? Steve…?”
You gotta tell me because I don’t understand.
“Yes.”
Tony melts into Steve and takes a good long whiff of his shirt.
“The point is we’re together, and we get to see this town together. It’s not up to you to know every little detail about it.”
Teddy makes kissy faces at him, and Steve laughs at the sight.
I’m tearing up.
You tell me.
They head to the kitchen.
The sunrise is seeping through the large floor-to-ceiling windows of the gym’s dance studio. But instead of doing his morning exercises like he means to, Tommy is seated on the studio’s lustrous floors staring at himself on the wall of mirrors.
If Tommy were to think about how Tony must have felt during his talk with Erik, well, Tommy doesn’t have to think very hard.
“How lonely
“Let him come up.”
He changes his shirt while Peter is still in the bathroom. He stretches the collar of the clean blue sweater up to his nose: it doesn't smell like Steve.
"Call me if you need help!" Tony shakes his head. He picks up the trash and places them inside a garbage bag. Then he arranges Peter’s gifts, neatly piling them with the rest of their luggage. There’s the Sleeping Beauty doll from Pietro, new shoes from Rhodey, a small spider charm from Natasha, and a very practical but unnecessary envelope of cash from Vision.
Tony spends a large chunk of his day running. Running meant freedom. Running meant moving forward. Running meant he could stare at America’s ass jiggling with every step.
Then hold still—
“Did you make my dad sleep on the floor, Steve?” Tommy points a ladle at Steve. Light trails of pancake mix slowly drip down. “You know he has a bad back.”
Steve finds himself opening the door to their storage closet. Then he closes it again, unsure why he had opened it in the first place, but opens it again for good measure, inspecting the items inside.
Now or never. Now or never. Now—
First, and the least of his worries, is that Steve seems like the type of guy to have bought them gifts. The only decoration they ever bring out during Christmas is a small, plastic Christmas tree they’ve had since they were little. At the moment, it’s barren with gifts. But it’s also tradition that gifts aren’t brought out until Christmas morning. Blame Tommy for being an erratic child without any impulse control. While Tony spoils them to no end, he’s also adamant that they learn to take on their responsibilities seriously, and that includes not unwrapping presents before Christmas morning. So, Billy had reached the conclusion that Steve has presents hiding in the unit somewhere. And if Billy turns out to be wrong: no harm, no foul. He supposes it wouldn’t be unfair to anyone. Steve gets to enjoy more gifts than usual for him, and as much as Billy doesn’t want to cast any pity on him, the guy
"He's not allowed to." It's not a question and it breaks Tony's heart. "He can get in trouble."
a futurist in his core. What it had taken long for Billy to see is that adapting doesn’t only come in his dad making something, it also comes in carving out facets of his life to make room for the people he loves.
It's okay.
Tony was the one who wanted to go.
“No, I don’t mean that. I mean—we should go to the west coast. Take a trip to the mansion in Malibu.”
But now is not a good time to make me question my identity.
Bucky resumes devouring the bowl of popcorn in front of him. "I—"
"Well…I’m sweating my back off."
What?
"Hey, Pops?"
“And then I found someone as fucked up as I am. In LA.” A bitter laugh. Tears stream down his face, but he pays them no mind. His voice comes out raspy, so he clears his throat in between words. “I even knew he was engaged before anything even happened. All we did was talk at first. We’d meet up for coffee, for dinner, then we’d talk. I knew he was engaged, but I invited him to my apartment anyway. To talk...amongst other things.”
Billy plasters a hand over Teddy’s mouth. “Steve,” he says, a little too friendly, “hey! What brings you here?”
Steve is standing by the bedside table, the one furthest from Tony, lifting the picture frame Tony had placed there earlier in the day.
“No, Steve says it’s for my safety.”
Tony’s mind is still muddled, still filled with flashes of light and dust and aliens.
I never was.
they liked to call their pseudo-frat events.
“Oh, Tony,” Steve says, eyeing the scrapbook as he does. A smile spreads across his lips. “What’s inside?”
Always with you and thinking you know what’s best with all your helping around.
“He looks a little fazed,” says the man, “but nothing some sleep won’t help fix. How about I make us the Rogers family hot chocolate? That always helps lift my spirits after a difficult prayer.”
Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅA̸̛̹̫̥͚̫̱̥̭͑̍͊̾̒̾̋̎̔͜ͅR̶̢͉͈̩͚̲͎͔̬̗̬̳̼͒Ĕ̴̜̱̏͋̏͒͝D̴͕̪̟̟̘͙̘̝̤̩̭͉̫̿̂̊̏͛̊̚̚͝ͅHELPŃ̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆
“No,” Tony says immediately. “Stay. Keep Peter company.”
But Tommy only swallows as he looks at Steve’s hands holding Tony’s with a blank expression. He flinches when he meets Tony’s eye and clears his throat to say, “gross!” but it lacks its usual intensity.
Teddy laughs. “You sound like your brother.”
“I love you too,” Tony replies, open and vulnerable. “We’ll have an even better time tomorrow. You’ll see.”
Can we start over?
“When I first met your dad—okay, I know, you might not wanna hear it. But I promise you, it’s a good one. So. When I met your dad, I never thought my life would end up this way. I was a man out of time, that was what I always told myself, what everyone told me. A man out of time. And I was stubborn, and I didn’t want to adapt to this new world. Then I met your dad, and he gave me everything I needed.
“Now you don’t bad mouth me because you need my expert fashion opinion?”
I didn’t want to talk to you because I didn’t want to… let go.
The sound of rapping at his door surprises them both.
I thought so too.
Billy nods slowly. “Okay…are you okay?”
“So, Clint and I coordinated with Tony. It all went smoothly.”
“Dad.” It comes out as a cry, and he inhales a whine before hacking out his lungs with the consequent sobs. He doesn’t notice Tony’s arms around him until he barely hears himself mewling, the familiar scent of Tony’s detergent overwhelming his nostrils.
Billy wraps an arm around Teddy’s belly, and rests his head on Teddy’s chest. Billy feels the steady rhythm of his heart. The
“I knew shit about being a father, so Erik didn’t trust me. Since I didn’t have to leave and I still loved Victor then, we were officially together after Wanda died, and I knew Erik and Pietro hated me for that. But then I was actually doing a good job at being a dad, so I got Erik’s blessing. And I gained Pietro’s friendship. And I got...I got my sons. It was a mess.
"No. Don't come near me." Tony curls up on his side and faces the wall, still with the blanket over his head. "I'm fine."
“So, he talks about my
Because Steve is pushing him to head to bed. Pushing him to sleep. And persistent Steve is one thing. Persistent Steve is something that isn’t exactly a secret to the rest of the team—although Tony does have a slightly altered version of persistent Steve that’s just a little bit softer and sweeter.
“Understandable,” Noh-Varr replies. “Though I do have something for everybody.” He excuses himself from the living room and goes to grab something from Tommy’s bedroom. He comes back with three packs of coffee beans—which he hands to Tony, Billy and Teddy—and an LA tourist t-shirt for Steve. “I got that from the airport in a hurry.”
“It was mostly deers and rabbits. Steve said they performed just two or three human sacrifices during his reign as High Priest.”
“Relax, Steve.” Billy opens his laptop back up, though his eyes betray the smile he’s hiding behind it. “We don’t think you were mooching off of Dad.”
But Tony starts crying again. He keels over, clutching at Tommy’s shirt.
? Steve’s far too young to have to take care of Tony. He still has a full life ahead of him. Plus, Erik and the rest of the family are arriving in New York for New Years. Who’s going to cook them dinner? Maybe Steve can cook? They can’t serve their grandfather pancakes and bacon for dinner. He has to watch his sugar and fried foods intake. Does that mean they have to kick Steve out? Probably not. Pietro already met him anyway. Steve should be more than welcome to—
“The Accords.”
“Okay, Dad,” Peter says, feeling nothing and everything all at once.
“So you just don’t know what they do in the attic?” he tries again when he reaches no conclusion.
“We’re...in a delicate situation.”
“It wasn’t until Bucky—remember Uncle Bucky, Pete? From all the stories I told you?”
Tony has no problem with his sons mentioning their mother. And he has no problem telling them stories about her. Stories that he had been told, stories that he had been there for. She had been a fantastic woman, someone Tony wishes he could have met sooner and became better friends with. Now, Tony can only really see her in the eyes of his sons.
