"So, what," Dean mumbled, "You're still, ah. In love? With—" He paused, searching for a proper word. "Wolfsbane guy?"
Cas blinked, stirred, and groggily woke up. "Dean?" He blinked again, more aware this time. "What are you doing here? What are you—you
sake,” Castiel said, and in that instant, he gave up. “You know what? Fine. You really want that pie so badly that you’re willing to go to such—such irrational and childish degrees in your argument? Fine.”
The newcomer shifted his attention to Beth, and Castiel watched his face change—eyes softening, peering up at her through his lashes, lips tilting up into a charming smile.
He squished it between his fingers, feeling it crumple, the bold scent wafting out, sharp and astringent compared to his own Angel’s Breath, which was delicate as fresh parchment.
“Hmm,” Cas said, and then, to Dean’s surprise (and conviction that that slight sour tinge in his stomach was acid reflux and nothing more), “Sam, Truth or Dare?”
"Okay," Dean said, pressing a hand to his chest to stop the frantic, deathly pound. "Okay. Good. That's—good. I mean, that's obviously not good, but. Shit. You know what I mean."
Cas said. “This whole game is incomprehensible. Why is it a punch buggy anyway? Why not something else? Why must it be about violence?”
"Oh, yeah," Dean said, and disappeared into their room. A few moments later, there was a triumphant cry as he reemerged with the jacket in his arms. "Found it! Thanks, Cas."
With a flustered smile and a wave, Beth heaved her backpack up onto her shoulders and strolled away.
Dean wrung his hands over what to bring, what to pack, for the half-day drive there, from toothbrushes to phone chargers, and then found himself, somehow, standing in front of the second-hand bookstore that he drove by every day to his night shift at the bar.
“Nothing,” Dean breathes, because they might be married, but there are some things that won’t be solved in a vow, a kiss, and two steel rings. He knows that better than anything. It’s the resolution that they’ll have time to work through them that really matters, and Dean knows that they have time, now—all the time in the world. So he gently gathers up all his flickering insecurities and tells them to fuck off because tonight is his wedding night and Castiel Winchester is in his arms and nothing—nothing—will ruin this. “I just—I love you, you know that, right?”
Castiel shut his eyes tightly and focused on the freezing winter air as it entered his nose, imagining it trailing through his throat until it entered his lungs, clearing everything in its path. He tried to tune out Dean’s voice, tried to ignore the five fingers of pressure that were now rubbing his shoulders and gently easing the tension from his neck, because it was only making it worse.
His mother’s water broke on the way to the hospital, and Dean remembered the way she gritted her teeth so hard he could hear them grinding together all the way from the backseat. He remembered the way she had insisted getting out of the car himself, waving off all the helping hands of the doctors. He remembered thinking, at that moment, her mother was the bravest person he knew—braver than Dad, even.
Castiel twists around to grab another pretzel from the table. He pops it into his mouth before taking Dean’s hand and letting himself get dragged all the way across the room, the few remaining bedraggled guests easily parting in their wake.
“Yes.” Castiel’s eyes were oddly bright, shining in a way that Dean had never seen in real life. Maybe it was all the blue. “I have supplies in my duffel back in the great hall, and there’s a studio in the back of the museum. It’ll take an hour at most.” He glanced down at the poster, long forgotten in Dean’s hand. “You can have that for free as a reward.”
John was quiet for a moment, and then he sighed. “Listen, son—she sounds great. She really does. But we need to move, pronto, and unless you can convince her to go on the run with us, there’s really nothing we can do here.”
Frantically, Castiel shoved at Dean’s arm until he was free, and then he staggered over to the bushes and felt his thinly-yanked control snap over the leaves.
and Dean felt like he could finally, finally breathe. Cassie talked about how she was worried she wasn’t going to graduate college much less pay for it, and how her sister was climbing her way to the top of the corporate ladder while her parents stared down at her with crossed arms and furrowed brows. Dean talked about his father, Mary and butter-yellow automobiles, and Sam’s two soulmates by the time he was in high school and the new one, Jess, who was periwinkle blue and how Sam could finally see the sky and planning to propose before they graduate, and how he looked Robin up on Yellow Pages and sent her a text that she never responded to, and then he looked her up on Facebook after too many cans of beer and twitchy fingers, and saw that her two-year anniversary was a week ago. Cassie talked and Dean talked, and then Dean talked some more, and drank some more, and by the end of the month Cassie would gently tug the bottles from his lax fingers before coaxing him to bed.
Like the way Dean liked how Castiel looked in his dark-green jacket, all wrapped up and cozy. Like the way Dean would try harder than anything he'd tried for in his life, not his SATs or his Chemistry midterm, to make Castiel laugh in that uncontrollable, wild way of his—snorting in a way that would make him blush afterwards with embarrassment, but Dean loved it. Loved it.
"I really couldn't," Castiel said quietly, but let himself be manhandled by Dean until they were both sprawled across the couch, shoulders bumping together and ankles intertwined.
okay,” Cas said, and Dean almost gasped out loud (but managed to pull it back) because that was the first time Cas had spoken to him. Granted, it wasn’t anything staggering or extraordinary or even good, but Dean wanted to grin anyway.
The man grimaced. “Yup. And the first thing you should know about Dean is that he hates being called that.”
“Thanks,” Dean gasped, and chugged it down like it was his life force. It tasted like heaven, cold and wonderful, down his throat.
For the next five minutes, Dean went through a myriad of opinions involving Cas’s hair and Cas’s hands and Cas’s body against his, all of which he violently shoved back into that damp, dark, dusty back drawer in his head.
Dean got into bed first—his bed. Castiel followed. Dean’s back was facing Castiel, and Castiel watched the tension thrumming in his shoulders, and then turned around so that he was staring at his own side of the wall instead.
When Dean woke up after falling asleep on the couch with a crick in his neck and a chill along his side, he thought, the old Castiel would have woken me up and teased me about my sleep deprivation. The old Castiel would have brought me a blanket.
He still hadn’t picked out one for the photobook, yet, although he’s had more occasion to count than ever before. He didn’t know why, but every time he thought of sliding that flower in between the pages to preserve for decades on end, he felt sick to his stomach. Like pressing them between the pages meant solidifying the fact and making it real. Even though he knew it was all too real all too long ago.
Castiel’s heart clenched. He bit his lip, pausing to give the impression of consideration, but in all honesty, he’d made his choice the instant Dean had approached him over a week ago, slung an arm around him, and told him with uninhibited glee,
John Winchester nearly killed himself with her. Dean still remembered sleepless nights, when Sam would wake him up by crawling into bed with him, tears in his eyes and a furious quivering mouth to suppress the sobs. Remembered covering Sam’s ears when he heard the shattering of a bottle and the lost noises of rage from downstairs—the choking, the coughing, the vomiting.
Castiel turned his eyes to the parking lot, blurry and warped with the rain that drizzled down in rivulets off the glass of the door. Immediately looking towards the far corner
“You saved the world. And even without that, that bigger image, being with you two has helped me learn so much more than my millennia. You showed me humanity. I wouldn’t want to be anywhere else other than right here, next to you.”
"Think about it, Dean," and Sam was reaching that professor-voice of his now, "he's going to die at this rate, flowers be damned, he'll drink himself to death without their help."
His mother dug up an old photobook from the closet and a stack of encyclopedias. Two days later (Castiel could be patient) he carefully slid the small white acacia into the first page of the photobook, and, using his father’s good fountain pen, wrote
I know, Castiel wanted to say. I know you care about me. I know you want me to be safe. I know you love me. I know you don’t love me back.
The single wolfsbane flower was still resting on the table. Castiel grasped it, now, carefully gripping to avoid damaging it any further.
of camaraderie). A look at the window revealed that it was already starting to get dark, too; the start of before-supper sunsets and the promise of (oh, joy) even colder temperatures.
Dean said, “What is?” so quietly it was amazing that he heard him at all. Or maybe he’d just imagined it.
“That sounds good,” Castiel said, right as the creak and hiss of the bus engine rolled up to the side of the street.
“I,” Castiel said, before his throat closed up like an allergic reaction. He looked at Dean and thought,
Carmen was orange, and she was perfect. She was a helluva cook and an even better baker, and she had a whip-sharp wit that left Dean spinning most of the time, and she was a nurse who used her remaining time to volunteer at the local pet shelter but still left time for dates and movie nights and sex, and she loved every single band Dean loved. They watched the sunset together and Dean kissed her temple with her head on his shoulder and thought that it was everything he had heard of: soft, bright, and warm it tingled all the way to his toes.
Red was the colour of the big embellished seal on Sam’s Stanford acceptance letter, and also the colour of John’s face, ruddy and troubled and tear-stained most days than not when Dean came home too late at night to see him on the couch, like years and years and years ago. It was the colour of the cuts Dean washed and disinfected and dabbed on himself after coming home from bar fights more and more and the colour of the mud-splattered rickety truck that John drove off in with credit companies and landlords at his tail one day when Dean wasn’t in the passenger seat next to him.
“You know who my first colour was, Dean?” John said. “Mary. She was yellow. I met her in high school and I never looked or wanted anything else. When she died, the sun died with her. So don’t talk to me like I don’t know shit and pack your bags, I’m going to pick up Sam.”
“My experience with Hanahaki disease is perhaps more diverse and frequent than others,” Castiel said quietly. “Like I said, I’m what you like to call a ‘hopeless romantic’, although I would word it much more differently. All of these flowers I’ve saved remind me of someone special—individual and unique. But placing them all together like this, such that they’re all collected in one identical, cohesive space—it’s a little counterintuitive.” A long pause. “Dean, I trust you remember when things got really bad? I could always handle it, though. I always got through it without surgery, without any outside interference, before. But you were right, it was awful, nothing like I’d ever experienced before. It very nearly destroyed me. Something like that, I don’t think really belongs to be arbitrarily slotted in with all these dozens of others.”
tripped over it like a landmine. “I know it’s shitty that I only realized after. Self-centred. Too little, too late.”
Castiel fought back the urge to just snatch the tin and run away. “Beth, what do you think?” he asked, faux-polite. “I was here first, wasn’t I?”
Then Castiel felt the bed shift as Dean rolled over. Heard the faint creak of the mattress as Dean shuffled closer. Felt an arm come up around him and gently, tenderly, pull him in. Dean’s hand was resting on Castiel’s stomach, uncovered save for a threadbare t-shirt, fingers lightly curled.
Dean was stripping his mattress for his monthly full-bed wash (something Castiel always insisted on doing, especially when Dean kept getting into his bed without changing his clothes, Honestly, Dean, do you even
When Dean reached the door, he held a hand out to knock, and then stopped; looked into the window, instead.
“Why don’t you take a seat?” Bobby said, leaning against the door of the office and eyeing Dean’s twitchy stance.
Castiel glanced up. “Just anywhere is fine,” he said noncommittally. “Why don’t you pull over that chair and sit in front of the canvas, a few metres away.”
“Okay,” Dean said back in the same timbre. He helped Castiel straighten, and stayed close to him as they made their way back to the path. A few students were lingering, concerned glances flitting over and away from Castiel.
Dean couldn’t do anything but grin back. “No problem,” he said. “Wanna go back to the classroom? We’re going to be late.”
The man arched an eyebrow. “You don’t want the guards finding the two of us sneaking through the secret tunnels, right?”
“Save it,” she said, a tired smile playing across her face. “Just do me a favour and don’t spend it on any more drugs, okay?”
Even Castiel noticed. “You haven’t had the flowers in a while,” he pointed out one day, when they were taking a stroll outside and enjoying the crisp air of a winter being chased relentlessly by a slow, creeping spring.
“If you wanted,” Dean tacked on hastily. “It’s fine if you don’t—it’s stupid, nevermind—” He tried to drop Cas hand.
But that was all just fine. It was 10PM and all Castiel wanted to do was to go home, take a half-addled shower, and fall into a blissful sleep before his 8AM classes the next morning reset the cycle all over again.
“Meg. I don’t—thank you,” he said, almost angry that it wasn’t enough, all the implications brewing inside him and close to bursting.
Castiel summoned a smile, and then Dean said, “You’re my best friend,” and the twinge in his chest grew into a deeper chasm.
Castiel laughed, because if he didn’t he was afraid he would cry. “Can I hug you? I know it’s not my place, but—”
The Impala was parked right at the very back of the building. Castiel parked his own car on the other side. The sky was grey, thunderclouds rolling in over the faraway forests. Castiel hadn’t brought an umbrella, and neither had Meg, and both their outfits were in no way going to survive a downpour.
“It is,” the man agreed. “And I’m letting you borrow it for the day. You may return it to me tomorrow.”
Castiel turned, and he didn’t know what he was expecting but it certainly wasn’t Dean Winchester, waving his arms frantically as he leaped over a flower bush and trampled the tulip buds. The gardener would strangle him if she saw, Castiel thought vaguely.
Okay, maybe Dean had gotten his head out of his ass enough to realize that he needed to treat Castiel better, but he wasn’t enough of a saint to listen to this babble without his eyes glazing over. “Nerd,” he accused, but his smile was fond. “Sam would be
“I can’t just turn it off.” Not after sixteen years of craned necks and squinty eyes zeroing in on the nearest pudgy-looking car, the split-second twist of a torso packing the hardest punch one could muster across the passenger seat. Their dad called it reflex training. Sam and Dean called it war. Dean’s arm still twitched every time he caught a glimpse of those round headlights.
Bobby fixed Castiel with a look so cold the nurse next to Castiel flinched away. Castiel met it with a frost of his own. Bobby held it for another second before snorting out a curse and shaking his head.
But Castiel never pulled out the photobook in the back of the closet, and he flushed down each and every purple flower that he spat up, and he tried to ignore the way Dean's eyes lingered on him longer and longer with each passing day.
“What’s what now?” Dean said, dropping his backpack on the floor with a loud thump and loping over to Sam. He saw the article in the newspaper that Sam had dug up—New Research on Hanahaki Disease, the headline wrote, and below it,
And now he was finally here. He’d only heard of the castle (everyone’s heard of the castle, after all), but viewing it in person proved to be an entirely-new experience.
“Well, try,” Cas said, and huffed. He rubbed his arm and frowned, just a little, eyes downcast to where his canvas shoes were scuffing against the sidewalk. Dean felt something in his heart twinge and tried to hide it with a smirk and a well-aimed laugh, short and fond.
“Your eyes are green,” Castiel responded. “That was the first thing I noticed about you—and then I realized that I could
Castiel's torso came into view, monochromatic and blurred, white bone and dark cavities piecing together a picture of ribs and spine and lungs. All throughout the image were dark, splotchy masses, like ink splattering across paper, like a tumour had multiplied and grown.
“Of course,” Castiel said, and then they were off to Bobby’s office, the door clicking shut behind them. Dean stood in the dust, startled and a little miffed and a lot worried, concern suddenly ticked up to the twelves.
(If he got murdered in these castle grounds before he could even meet Prince Dean, he was going to be solely disappointed in himself.)
The man made an agreeable noise. “The kid’s wicked smart, I can tell you that. He’s gonna do great things in the future.”
Sam was waiting for him at the top of the staircase, his hands resting on his lap and his eyes lowered at the shadows cast onto the carpet from the streetlamps outside. He looked up when he heard Dean approaching. “What happened? Is Dad okay?”
His own face stared back—not head-on, but with his head turned to the sky. He was not sitting, but rather standing; clad in the same jacket he was wearing, but in the middle of a field, surrounded by wildflowers that curled and danced in an invisible breeze. Clouds splayed themselves across the sky, streaking across a grey horizon, and Dean didn’t know how he knew, but it was raining; Dean was in the middle of it all, welcoming the storm with an upturned face and a barely-there smile, nothing but a quick upwards flick of a brush. His eyes were closed.
stare without even turning around. Scowling to himself, he tried again—and his feet slipped in the dirt.
Too late; they’re already out the door. The air is freezing and both of them gasp a little as it pummels them in shock.
“I wouldn’t say that,” Dean said, and that same feeling was crawling up his chest now, like bugs and wood gnats. “Cas, you’re my last one. Blue was the last one I was missing. None of the others worked out. I think there’s a pretty obvious common denominator there—that even my supposed
And besides—if this was an ambush, Castiel supposed it was better for a soon-to-be knight to engage in a fight than anyone else in the castle.
“Absolutely not,” Dean said, and maybe it was the hangover talking or maybe he was still a little drunk. “You always burn them. And put in way too much salt. Honestly, you’re a bit of a heathen when it comes to scrambled eggs.”
"Of course," Castiel said, and let his parents hug him with a voracity and love he hadn't initially thought was there. "I'll be fine, I promise. I'll call every week."
Sam scowled briefly at the nickname before lowering his eyes to the ground. “It’s just that she’s, um,” he said. “She’s orange. Her colour, I mean.”
All around him, curling out in wisps and halos, was green. Surrounding him like a warm embrace, an aura that protected him from the incoming downpour. The only colour in the painting—the only colour in
Sam, suddenly not tired anymore, twisted around in his seat and said, “Yeah, Dean, you should play with Cas,” shooting Dean a Look that Dean repelled with a nasty glare.
The man sighed. “He’s… something.” A rueful smile came across his face. “He hates this trenchcoat; he’s always telling me to get rid of it. I suppose he decided to do it himself.”
. Castiel finished hanging up his coat and immediately started to walk into his room, leaving Dean standing in the hall, feeling lost and disconcerted and like he had been the one to go through surgery instead. Something about the way he didn't come out of his room until way past dinnertime, when they usually would bicker and fight over what to eat.
“Red,” Dean said, and that became her nickname for the rest of their time together, whispered against kisses and grins.
“Thanks, sweetheart,” Dean said. “How ‘bout I take my pie and leave, then, to put you out of your suffering?” He patted Castiel’s cheek and winked. Grinning, now.
one, blue surface on a blue carpet on a blue frame, and blue, blue was everywhere and Dean couldn’t breathe.
“Did they ever find out?” Dean seemed genuinely curious, all his attention poured onto Castiel, and it felt—good, but terrifying at the same time. He had these green-green eyes, like jellybeans or something equally sugary-sweet and artificial.
The man blinked, and then broke into the biggest grin Castiel had seen yet. “They rarely do anything else.”
The resulting pause was loaded, as if Sam was halting his words with apprehension. “So, why does Dad still have it? Mom is—she still loves him, doesn’t she? Up in Heaven?”
He was hellbent on waking up at 7 in the morning every day, rain or shine, classes or not, weekday or end, which in Dean’s mind made him a bit of a masochist if not insane, and he tried to make pancakes one morning and Dean woke up to his room slowly filling with smoke, but he was just unreal at folding clothes (seriously. He could take a trenchcoat and do some magic until it was nothing but a tiny, neat square) and he never complained about Dean’s socks on the floor (he just started picking them up quietly himself, until Dean felt so guilty that he eventually kicked the habit that Sam, in all of fourteen years, could not kick) and when Dean bombed his Chemistry quiz, he had taken all of Dean’s notes and pored through each and every word with those solemn dark blue eyes of his drilling straight into Dean’s soul.
"Shame," Dean said, feeling an odd surge of emotion that was probably protectiveness. It was what compelled him to take the few steps forward, and drape an arm around Castiel, pulling him towards the sofa. "Fuck 'em," he said hotly. "And not in the good way. You could do so much better."
But there was Cas right now, in Bobby’s office, the two of them in hushed whispered tones, and once Dean had an idea it just wouldn’t go away—something that made him a stellar student when he wanted to, nag and nag and nag until he had dissected it apart into pieces right in front of him—and as Dean paced back and forth and waited, the idea itched until it was impossible to ignore and bloomed into a full-fledged tsunami in his head.
Feeling something within himself strain and snap with the sudden stroke of heady desperation, Castiel grabbed Dean by the shoulders and, ignoring Dean’s protests, walked them into the corner where both of them were safely out of reach from the slice of pie.
“I—yes,” Castiel admitted. “I’ve heard many stories about the castle. I’m very eager to see if they’re exaggerated.”
Letting the annoyed sound escape from his lips, Castiel hurried to follow him, only partway realizing that the man was walking in the
"Ohhh," Dean said, pressing a hand to his chest. "Classy. I like it." He sprung up from the sofa and sauntered towards Castiel, who had just finished hanging up his coat. "But, seriously. How was it?"
“Uh-huh,” came the skeptical reply. Dean darted his eyes away from the laser-beam gaze all teachers seemed to have mastered, the one that still made him feel antsy even when he
Gradually, Castiel forgot about the date. Dean tried his best to distract him with movies and awful impressions of Spanish soap opera stars and jokes about infomercials, and in half an hour, he had Castiel smiling openly at the TV, tension drained away from his posture.
“Your loss,” Castiel said, grinning, and then lifted his hand in a small wave before disappearing in the crowd. He returned in a few minutes, after the poster was paid-for and protected in a sturdy plastic bag that Dean carried, swinging lightly, the whole way to the back of the museum.
He looked back to Cas as soon as he could and Cas was right there, leaning in again, kissing him again.
Castiel could feel his face going red, and for once it was out of pure frustration and nothing else. “You are
Castiel said. “I’ll go, oh my god, just stop talking before you—burst into tears and ruin your mascara or something.”
Cas processed that. “Isn’t that redundant to be put into a game? I thought that was the typical response to a question.”
“Good.” Dean’s hand was still in Castiel’s hair, absentmindedly playing with a strand behind his ear. He paused for a second, and then ducked down and fixed Castiel with a gaze like a steel-trap. “You sure you’re okay?”
And that’s how Dean found himself grimacing as he pulled on his least leather-jacket-y jacket and pulling up to an empty parking spot in front of the art museum, forking over the twenty bucks for admission—which was highway robbery if you asked him, but it wasn’t like he had anything better to do with his money these days anyway.
Now you're. You're." Dean frowned, losing his train of thought. He tried again. "I didn't know it was me. When I realized it was me, I was so surprised. So shocked. But now, looking back, it was so obvious."
“It doesn’t change anything between us,” Castiel tried, a little bit of desperation coloured, now. “I don’t have the flowers anymore. It’s just like I got the full surgery.”
Castiel whistled again. The bird squirmed, kicked weakly with curled claws, and then continued to struggle. Castiel didn’t try to stroke it; knew better than to tamper with wildlife more than he needed to (but still couldn’t help but get in the way sometimes, as proven by what he was doing right now). Instead, he whistled softly, then turned it into a melody—something his mother used to sing to him. The baby bird shivered, then seemed to settle.
Sam’s expression was unreadable to the stranger’s eye, but Dean could see the flicker of conviction, of a kind, stubborn hope. He lowered his voice so that only Dean could hear. “You’ve been acting jumpy all day, man. It’s kind of long overdue.”
Dean froze, hurt pouring off of him like heat waves. Castiel could feel it gnawing away at him, like starving rats at a pile of flesh, and he cringed and sighed.
Cassie came in on a Friday night with a group of other friends, from the local college judging from the age and attire and quiet, giggled gossipping. She came up to the bar and asked for a dry martini, and Dean had looked over at her when passing the drink and suddenly the necklace she was wearing wasn’t grey, it was green—green like the olives bobbing in the middle of the glass.
He took Sam’s long pause as acquiescence and, with a nervous glance at the sinking sun, yanked. With a yelp, Sam stumbled and steadied himself, standing. “Now come
It was impossible to see any expressions, any voices, but joy radiated from each inch of the painting, so much so that Dean found himself smiling as he studied it, careful not to step past the white tape marking. Sam had dragged a huge plastic tarp out of nowhere the winter after he became obsessed with the piece, and they had even convinced Dad to ride it once—at least, until it snagged on a stray branch and Dean tumbled head over heels and got the bloody nose to end all bloody noses. His nose throbbed just thinking about it, and it only made him smile harder.
Dean fell easily in step. He let Cas speak about exams and colleges and the latest book he was reading, and counted down the minutes in his head until
When the music trickled away this time—another request, a sultry jazzy tune; Castiel had kicked back his heels and led Meg on a quick, brisk four-step—there was no song to replace it. Instead, the microphone crackled overhead. The lights swivelled and brightened upon the podium, where the principal slowly made her way onstage, decked out in an elegant black dress and a coiffed hair bun.
“And you were so excited you felt like sprinting all the way home?” Cas’s voice was amused as he stepped back, Dean already missing the closeness of his body and his warmth.
“I didn’t get it all,” Castiel said, his voice nothing more than a spiderweb, it was so soft. “I’m sorry. I am. I couldn’t stand it. The thought of getting rid of them all, getting rid of everything I felt for you, forever and so deathly permanent—I just couldn’t.” He paused, and when it was clear Dean wasn’t going to cut in (couldn’t; he couldn’t even breathe) he took a deep breath and continued. “I asked them to remove the flowers that were in my system. Just so I wouldn’t be throwing them up all the time. I didn’t let them take the rest away. Not the source. Not the root—pun not intended.” He tried to smile, but dropped it quickly. “It’s okay, though, isn’t it? I got better. It’s okay, now.”
“I could ask you the same thing,” Castiel said. There was something off with his voice—odd, stilted with the effort of holding himself back—and he’d just noticed, saw Dean notice it too, his fluttering hands going still on his shoulders.
“Ladies and gentleman, I am proud to announce that the prom king and queen, as voted by all of you, is… Dean Winchester and Lisa Braeden!”
wasn’t talking about it. He had shoved it so far into the back drawers of the back corridor of Dean Winchester’s Repressing Shit Hallway that it would never see the light of day again, and if Cas had a problem with that, he could just go fly right off.)
“I’m not the one who’s going to be looking at me all night long,” Robin said with a wink—so Dean saved up all his money from his part-time job at the restaurant and splurged on a tacky, hideous bright-yellow button up.
“Careful,” the man said (up with those eyebrows again). “You keep talking like that to everyone here, you could offend someone powerful.”
Dean barged into Bobby's office one afternoon, when a lunch out together led to Castiel covering his mouth suddenly and sprinting to the washroom, where he proceeded to puke out the half of the lunch that he'd eaten along with another fistful of those fucking flowers.
“Okay,” Dean said. Another few miles down the highway, and he had it. A Goldilocks dare, if you may. “I dare you to stick your leg out of the window.”
Castiel sighed, and turned his head to the side to bury his nose into the pillow. “Can you get the forms from Bobby now?” he mumbled. “I never thought I’d say this, but I miss the dorm beds.”
He was half tempted to scrap the whole thing and drag the rest of his group down with him, but it was 10PM and the air was crisp and chilly when he got outside, and his eyes stung like the devil and struggled weakly to adjust to the inky darkness of the outdoors, and he’d already gone this far. Stacy-Adam-Jonathan were good people who were just chock-full of excessive energy and needed to drain it with copious amounts of drugs and alcohol, and Castiel could respect that. Really. Even if he’d finished all their work, including the title page that he graciously asked Adam to take on in the document that he most likely hadn’t even opened.
The girl noticed, and gave Dean a sharp, easy smile. “What about you, tiger? What’s your diagnosis?”
“An acacia,” his mother told him when Castiel dutifully held it up for her inspection. “A beautiful flower. Who is it for? Do you know?”
Castiel let out a noise of shock when Dean’s handful pelted him straight at the back of his head. “Dean!”
“I brought the surgery forms home,” Dean said. Still whispering. “Last time we visited. I didn’t tell you.”
There’s also Beth with the pigtails and the blue bows on her dress, who giggled whenever Castiel walked by her in the hallways, who taped her flowers on Castiel’s locker one morning at school. Castiel wasn’t sure what she intended by the action: was it defiance? A confession? A request? He took her out to the Halloween dance, if only because he didn’t have a date to begin with. He hugged her close when he danced with her, but when Beth excused herself to the washroom and came back with sadness on her face, Castiel recognized it for the resignation it was and kissed her goodbye on the cheek. Beth’s flowers stopped, eventually, after two weeks. Castiel was glad; she was kind and sweet and funny when she wasn’t trying so hard.
It ended at around midnight, and that was only because they’d only booked the venue for the evening, and had to clean everything up by the next afternoon for a church bingo event instead. It took another half hour to usher everyone out, some of them bright-eyed and suppressing yawns and the others not even pretending to not be drunk, high, or both.
Dean laughed. “Yeah, it did,” he said, and then jogged over to the bus, the coat flapping in the breeze. He added the number in his phone as
“Dean?” Sam asked one day, after Dean had stumbled home from school. “What’s Hana-haki?” He enunciated each word carefully, forehead scrunching in a way that had Dean worried about wrinkles for his brother when he was much, much too young to be worried about things like wrinkles.
of alcohol since Friday night. He got dressed and went to class, chugging coffee like water until the fuzz cleared from his brain.
He still loved Cas—loved him from his skin to his bones. He was sure of that, as sure as the sea. He loved Cas, so much, so did it really matter what the flowers say? Unrequited or not, romantic or not, or any millionth shade of grey in between, it was just love, simple as that, and it felt
. “What if there’s another colour, one that’s better—someone better for you? All you see is green. How do you know you can be happy with this when you don’t know anything more?”
He scowls; tries valiantly to shake off the bits and pieces of sparkly confetti off of his dress pants. They’d cost over seventy bucks, and if you’d told him months ago that he’d spend any amount over twenty on a piece of clothing, or step foot within a boutique, he’d punch you in the face. The things he does for love.
Dean watched him squint his eyes as he looked around, his head turning left, then right, briefly passing over his own gaze for just a second.
He kept his eyes open and stared at the back of Castiel's head for hours and hours until it blurred into a fog of nothingness and the awful rotting stench of the wolfsbane was swimming in his head like it would never leave.
“Okay, okay,” Dean said, fondness a soft, dangerous throb in his chest. “I’ll make burgers for dinner. And since you dared me, I’ll make them the best damn burgers you’ll ever eat.”
Castiel smiled dryly. “You can say it, Dean, you won’t hurt me anymore. I’m your best friend. Aren’t I?”
Hannah had long brown hair and curvy lines for eyes, and she just adored the boy next door. So much so, in fact, that she felt her tummy begin to rumble and a cough blossom in her throat, and up it goes, out it goes, a tiny little rose, coughed up in the palm of her hand. And the boy next door didn’t adore her back, so the flowers started growing, more and more, until little Hannah had just too many to bear. So Hannah went to the doctor, and the doctor said,
A part of him yelled that he was being impulsive, reckless, that he could just turn back and walk through the front doors, greet another guard and ask for the King. But there was just the strangest thing—the oddest impulse, like a spark running through his veins—that urged him to follow. That made him trust this stranger, like he already knew him, somehow.
“I’m sure you will,” Ash said, and then ushered him through the gates. “There should be more guards inside the castle to give you directions.”
“Dean,” Cas said, the tone in his voice that just made Dean’s head turn. (He wouldn’t admit it if you put a knife to his throat, but he loved the way Cas said his name, like it was the most important word he knew.
Dean, Castiel thought, and it was like gasoline to a flame. He moaned and buried his face back into the comforting warmth that he just realized was Dean’s neck. Very slowly, he felt a hand reach up to trace its way down Castiel’s face. It took a strand of his hair and smoothed it along the back of his head in a motion so utterly careful, so tender, that it hurt even worse than if Dean had yanked it straight out from the scalp.
Besides: he’s worn worse things, with less incentive. He had also been significantly less sober at the time, but semantics.
“Your freakishly-long natural lashes, then,” Castiel picked up on the change in topic and played along.
Robin cried and slapped him and called him a lying asshole and Dean held her off until she gave in and cried, and he kissed her hair and stroked her back and closed his eyes to better remember the weight of her in his arms, and when they left the next morning, Dean watched the sun rise and flood the sky with a burning red as they left the town behind.
She pried open the tin cover and it clattered, forgotten, onto the floor. Castiel looked down at the pie tin in her hands and saw a single slice of blueberry pie. It was drooping and melting and probably had seen better days or even years, but in Castiel’s exhaustion-riddled eyes it was the most glorious sight he’d ever seen.
Cas's hands were in his hair, tugging, trying to pull him off. "I'm not him," Cas said. "I'm not. I wish I were, but I'm not."
Castiel flinched. Dean's fingers tightened for a split second before they relaxed, soothingly, pads of his fingers lightly beginning to stroke along Castiel's pulse.
He heard it before he saw it, that familiar slightly-broken rumble, and before the car even turned the corner and into eyeshot Dean had already shouted it out, was already winding back his arm; by the time Cas caught up, frozen mid-sentence, Dean’s punch had already hit home.
It was only until they reached their dorm that they said something other than the simple exchange of "Still okay?" and "Fine, thanks". Dean had the keys in his hand already, and he stepped forward to unlock the door. He watched Castiel enter, anxious to see his reaction.
a big, empty room where moonlight fell upon the floor tiles in ribbons. In the very corner curled a tiny figure, so small you could nearly miss it: an inky-black cat with silvery whiskers and a patch of grey on his ear, its tail a question mark in the air.
“I’m scared,” Castiel said, bold and blatant. “Remember that night, after you got drunk on the couch? Remember what you told me the next morning, about your mother and your father and the flowers?”
He raised his head. Turned, in bewilderment, hand slipping off the door handle. The “Cas?” that followed was quiet, muted, swept away by the wind.
It wasn't cute when Dean was rubbing Castiel's back while he threw up what seemed to be an entire barrelful of flowers into the nearby bushes. It wasn't cute when it got exponentially worse, until all Dean could see, think of, talk about (not to Cas, of course not to Cas, but all of his usual frat friends got a hefty earful of Dean's worries), were those dark purple flowers. Wolfbane. The smell followed Dean into his dreams.
Uproar. Applause. Dean and Lisa walked up onto the stage—Lisa blushing but beaming, Dean accepting the tacky plastic crown, then placing the tiara on Lisa himself, then pulling her in for a kiss that sent the audience into whoops and whistles.
Dean hesitated—eyes flickering, taking in Castiel’s expression—and then he collapsed into a relieved smile.
Castiel heard Dean’s breathing, shallow and scared, and heard his words through the quiet intakes of air. The apologies. The pleas.
Castiel was dressed in a grey blazer and a dark-brown tie, and he was smiling a little sheepishly as the cameras clicked away, but he wasn’t looking at the lenses but rather the guest who had asked the question. He had black hair, tousled like he hadn’t bothered to style it before coming on stage.
“That’s not—” Indicative enough, Castiel was about to say, but the man was already halfway across the gardens.
Dean was taller than him by just a few inches. He’d hit his growth spurt during middle school and wouldn’t shut up about it then, holding things above his head just to watch Castiel growl. Castiel stood up on his tiptoes, now. Took a tiny step closer.
Castiel hesitated, but then nodded. He watched the man smile at him one last time, a quick fleeting thing, and then the man opened the door without knocking and closed it behind him.
“He’s named after the Angel of Thursday,” Dean said, a little overheatedly. “And the Angel for Travellers. It wasn’t a religious thing, his mom just thought it was a beautiful name.” (It was.)
“Throw it out,” Dean said. “Hell, burn it. I’m sorry I brought this up, I know it’s not something you want to remember. That anyone would want to remember.”
Cas nodded, and Dean—being very careful, as careful as he was when he held Sammy for the first time—took Cas’s hand in his. With his other hand, he ghosted his finger over the sting, barely touching, his own hands shivering he was being so careful.
“And I promise I didn’t ask him anything about you,” Dean went on. “I just went to ask for some advice on the disease. I swear, that’s all. I got some brochures, talked to him, stuff like that.”
Dean’s heart was pounding. He was so nervous, all of a sudden, his palms starting to sweat, and he didn’t know why. He took a deep breath and counted to five to calm himself down, and then gingerly settled his hand on Cas’s back.
Dean stepped back, not because of Castiel’s actions but rather out of surprise instead. “Hey, wait—”
“Not now,” Dean said, and rushed his way down the streets until they were safely across. From here, it was only a brief walk across the pavements to get to their house.
Instead of answering, the man cast his gaze towards Castiel’s hands. “I think you should put that bird back in its nest first, don’t you think? If there’s too much of your scent, the mother will reject it.”
"Right, of course," Singer said, a bit abashed. "Sorry. It's just that—goddamn, Castiel. Something like this…" He hissed out a breath between his teeth. Morbidly, Castiel was reminded of a doctor trying to coax a patient into the fact that they were dying of a terminal illness. Hanahaki could be fatal, after all, if the love was strong enough. But Castiel had always been able to get over it—he'd even cherished the flowers afterwards like a honey-gold memory—but Dean, Dean, Dean. He never played by the rules.
"Benny from the mechanic shop," Dean said. He had started volunteering there again last week to fill up all the free time.
“Sure you did, Sammy,” Dean said, reluctantly letting that one slide, because if Sam found out that Dad had taken one bite, thanked Sam, and then waited until he was out of sight before chucking them into the wastebin, Sam would flip out.
Wolfsbane was a venomous plant. Dean was right. Sometimes used in folklore as a werewolf repellent, often used in fairytales as the ingredient to love potions. Also known as
Dean couldn’t blame him. Soulmates—or at least, something close to it after all. They weren’t one in a lifetime, as many would expect, but more like one in a million out of an average of a dozen in a lifetime—still harsh enough that when Dad banged and swore at the door, Dean was the one to coax him away, and Dean was the one to quietly slide in breakfast and lunch and dinner through the smallest crack.
"I just have to have you near," Dean said, still, because he was a selfish son of a bitch and even thought Cas was hurting so much he just needed to hurt him more, because he was so greedy that he couldn't let Cas have even an inch of leeway, and Cas was in love with him. Cas was in love with him. Cas was—
He shut the book, revealing the front cover: plain and nondescript cardstock in cream. One could stumble across it in a library and not give it a second glance. “Dean, can I borrow your double-sided tape?”
There was enough pride in his voice that Castiel couldn’t help but ask, “You’re close to Sam, too, then?”
Above him, through the blinding sun, Cas was inches from Dean’s face. Dean felt the vestiges of air in his lungs leave him in one fell swoop like a balloon poked with a needle.
(But, in twenty-twenty hindsight, Dean could see, now, the sparks of desire. He could see, now, the way he pinched them off, stomped on them until they were nothing more but ash, before his consciousness could even register. Maybe it was karma that made them erupt into flames, now, when it was too late. Or maybe Dean was just too tired, too drained, to hide it any longer.)
“Always,” was Dean’s warm reply. And Castiel felt himself sink into it, even though he knew he would drown.
“My mother always called me a hopeless romantic,” Castiel had joked. Dean had grinned, and they’d sat down right there on the coffee table and flipped through the book together.
The man was smiling like nothing had happened, completely innocent if it weren’t for the glint and glimmer in his eyes.
Castiel sidestepped and Meg followed. He applied gentle pressure to her back, a warning, and then lightly spun her out, her hair twirling out behind her, her laugh dancing through the air.
Dean grinned, and then, with trepidation in his eyes, leaned in to kiss Castiel again. Castiel tilted his head and wound his arms around Dean and kissed him back and thought that this was
“You good?” Dean whispered, a few moments after Castiel had expelled what he presumed was the last of them.
Dean opened his mouth to respond, and a laugh escaped instead. (Sam had run back sputtering, tripping all over his gangly limbs, mouth full of short blond hair but eyes flashing with triumph.)
on the line… “This is your chance to ask things that usually aren’t appropriate. So things like, what’s that worst time you’ve farted, most embarrassing moment, celebrity crush.” For the record, Dean knew all three of those, but it would be pure comedy gold to watch Sam stutter and stumble through another retelling.
“Oh,” Castiel said. “Good.” A beat. “I don’t think you ever got Hanahaki disease until now. Or, since I met you, I suppose.”
Castiel's flower was called Angel's Breath, and Dean laughed when he read it and felt like punching the wall.
It was a little odd, and it made Dean's head hurt, when he thought about it for too long. Was it the old Castiel he loves, or the new? Which one of those was unreciprocated? Why now (Jesus, why now?)
“Yeah, Sammy?” Dean whispered. He always thought that it felt wrong to speak so loudly in the darkness.
“I can work with that,” Castiel said, and let himself be dragged into the library by a grinning and bright-eyed Dean.
Cas’s bottom lip quivered again, but he pulled himself back together quickly. He held out his right arm towards Dean, unclasping his fingers from a fist to display them.
Dean grinned back crazily, and then, just because he had to fuck everything up because he couldn’t wait any longer, had waited so, so long just for this moment, said, “I love you.”
Castiel draped the blanket over him and tucked the edges into the creases of the couch. Dean muttered something imperceptible. Castiel smoothed out the blanket with his hands, feeling Dean's chest move up and down with his deep breaths, and noted the way Dean's face smoothed out when he was asleep. He looked younger, more delicate, eyelashes casting dark spikes of shadows across his cheeks.
Castiel's photobook began to fill up, little by little. Amy from band (she played first clarinet and was the only one who could circular breathe), Ashley from math (she got perfect on the Trig 2 test, the one even Castiel struggled in); poppies and lilacs. Sometimes, Castiel liked to guess the flowers before they came. He’d gotten daisies twice, now, but one grey and one a stark snow-white.
Dean thought about Lisa’s bright hazel eyes, and then he thought of the broken glass embedded into the carpet downstairs and the haunted look in Dad’s eyes and how he never smiled anymore except for when he was looking at the picture of Mary in his wallet and the way they hadn’t have enough money to buy Lucky Charms because Dad hadn’t gone to work for four days straight.
What if Cas didn’t want him here? What if he was having a—what was that Miss Penny called it—a private moment?
Homecoming was a foreign concept to Dean, but Robin insisted. Threatened breaking up with him if he didn’t come. She had already picked out a dress—one that billowed all the way down to her heels, one the same colour as her blouse the day they met, even though Dean protested thick and thin for a sunny yellow instead.
“I’m okay,” Castiel insisted, though he could feel the dampness of his tears soaking through Dean’s shirt. “Please, I really am okay, now. I just—” He swallowed hard to suppress the sob that leaped up to his throat. “I just want to go home. Please.”
come over, if she’d liked to. If she wanted to see the piles of beer cans stacked in the corner of the living room and stuffed underneath the couches, or the stacks of credit card forms that Dean had started learning how to fill out by the time he turned thirteen. Either way, it was too late now—Isobel moved to Florida six months later when her parents got a job offer they couldn’t refuse, and Sam sprinted all the way home and slammed the door so hard the dust shook itself off the hinges and wouldn’t come out for a day and wouldn’t speak for three.
Dean stepped into the hall, took it all in for a few seconds, and understood why Sam chose Castiel out of all the other artists in the standing. The hall was completely black, with white light rods framing each painting, making them glow. The floor gave away to a soft, velvet-black carpet. Surprisingly, there weren’t too many people inside the room, half a dozen maybe, all observing in a hushed quiet.
And his conclusion was this: fuck the flowers. Fuck the surgery. Cas was still Cas. He was—he had to be.
"Right," Dean said, after a long pause. "Okay. But, you're obviously not okay, so have you seen someone about it, or researched, or. Or anything like that?"
to race,” he mumbled, too quietly for the rest of them to hear. He was just walking, now, breathing hard and frowning at all the other kids dashing in front of him. Maybe he was just… enjoying the fresh air. Yeah. It was a beautiful day outside, all sunny and bright and birds chirping, and—hold on a minute—someone crying?
He slid back, stumbling and nearly toppling over—if it weren’t for the sudden weight behind him, the arms that came around his waist, steadying him against a warm body.
“Cool. I’m Beth.” Beth put her hands together and gave Castiel a hard, long look. “Castiel, I saw my Computer Science prof come in an hour ago, and he barely even used his hands. No judgement here.”
people touching him. He didn’t even let Miss Penny touch him, always tying his shoelaces by himself, even if it took him a long time and half a dozen tries. Dean wrapped his arms around himself instead, drawing his knees close to his chest and frowning at Cas.
“Now people will definitely talk,” Castiel whispered, reaching up towards Dean to pluck out a stray oak leaf, tossing it to the side before twining his fingers through Dean’s hair.
As he walked closer and closer to the castle’s entrance, Castiel couldn’t help but marvel at the sheer grandness of it all. He’d grown up in a small town, likely no bigger than the castle itself and much, much less fancy, and had only heard of the stately Winchester grounds through awed murmurs and wide-eyed stories. His clothes—proper and efficient, the way a guard or knight should always dress, with no frills or buttons to get in the way of a potential fight anytime and anywhere—suddenly seemed full of tears and frays.
Pie tins littered the tables, empty and crumb-spackled, upturned on the tablecloth and all over the floor. Stray napkins spread themselves all around the aftermath. At the end, there was a girl—blonde hair tied back in a loose, fraying bun.
“Awesome,” Dean said, anticipation building. He watched, bouncing on his toes, as Castiel finished packing everything up.
“Yeah, okay,” Dean breathed, and gave Bobby one last, grateful smile before dashing his way down the hall.
“Look him in the eye when I’m talking, I know,” Castiel interrupted. “Contrary to what you may think, I
Castiel nodded sagely. “So, you, um—” He fell into an awkward silence, sidling between different choices of phrasing so that it wouldn’t come out as
Bobby’s face was pale, withdrawn, his age even clearer on his face than usual. Dean ran up to him and grabbed his shoulders so tightly his knuckles turned white. “Bobby, tell me he’s okay, tell me, please.”
“Yes, mom,” Dean drawled out, ignoring the pang in his chest at the word. “You’ll be fine on the bus ride home?”
Once Cas was settled next to Dean, he was looking around with a fluttery excitement, kicking his feet once against the front of the car before settling down. “I like this game,” he declared.
"I know it's getting worse," Dean said quietly. "I'm not stupid, you know. I can hear you running to the bathroom at night. I can smell the flowers after you leave."
"Yes," Castiel said. "You must be Dean." Dean Winchester, he remembered now. Engineering major, hometown Texas.
“I guess people like to believe they’re being introspective themselves,” Dean mused, and Castiel laughed.
It was only after he’d done so, when he was brushing his teeth, that he remembered the photobook, but he dismissed the thought just as quickly. Dean was—Dean was an anomaly. Castiel knew that, better than anything. He remembered all the flowers in the book, lovingly pressed, and then remembered the wilted, bruised flower from that morning. Dean wasn’t like the others. Couldn’t be. Dean was his roommate, his friend, and even though Castiel knew that his tendencies for men were the same as women, it didn’t matter because Dean was—just off limits. Do not pass go, do not collect $200.
Castiel stepped into their room, steps unfaltering. He stopped at where he always stopped to hang up his coat. He did a quick, casual scan of the room, and dismissed it just as quickly.
“And remember to use protection!” he called out before the door to their dorm closed. Castiel wondered why he was in love with him at all, and then he grimaced, because now was not the time to think of that.
Reds, yellows, greens, purples, and all of the shades—they were beautiful, striking and gorgeous in their singularity, but every few pictures was nothing but grey. Grey speckles, grey spots, grey stripes, grey people. He didn’t even want to see the Abstract section.
Dean was breathing hard. His vision was a little blurry; he shook his head to clear it before facing Castiel dead-on and meeting his eyes, bright blue bewilderment.
Castiel frowns, responds in a murmur. “Dean, I will not allow you to ‘play hooky’ at our own wedding.”
“Um, Darcy. Magnolias. She was, um. My babysitter. Dean, stop smiling. Stop it! It isn’t funny. I was in grade four!”
“She went home with Steven,” Dean said, eyes dropping for just a moment before coming back up. “Now answer me. Where’s Meg?”
“But when I look at your art,” Dean continued, voice growing a little hoarse from all the speaking, “I don’t see grey, either. I see a lazy cat in the sun, or children playing in the snow. It’s—it’s like happiness, and joy, and contentment, all in the shades and shadows.” He finished, and gave Castiel a tentative smile. “That’s what I think about your art.”
The car that hit her was a bright yellow Jaguar going twice the speeding limit down her lane, and by the time Dad got to the scene, the colour had bled out until it was nothing but an indistinct pale grey.
“Jesus!” Castiel flinched. Bobby clenched his hands into a fist, let it fall to his side with a noise of anguish. “It’s killing you!”
Once he was mere paces from Castiel, Dean slowed, pausing to rest his hands on his knees as he caught his breath. He looked significantly more put-together than last night, eyes bright green in the sunlight, and it did nothing to squash the flutter of attraction in Castiel’s stupid head.
Cas nodded, unbuckling his seatbelt. He maneuvered himself into a crouch, both feet on the leather seats, and reached towards the window. Mouth tightening, he lifted his right leg up and over until it was dangling out of the car.
Sammy was in the room. His face was wrinkly and tiny and all curled up in an exceedingly-displeased expression. He was wailing loud enough that Dean wrinkled his own face in response.
Castiel gasped and doubled over. Dean grabbed him, grabbed his shoulders, so hard it hurt (like a candle to a forest fire) and pulled, trying to get Castiel to move. When Castiel refused, Dean yanked, and Castiel crumpled like a sheet of tinfoil.
"It's okay, baby," Dean said, dragging his knuckles against the back of Castiel's head. "I know you love me."
The new Castiel said, "Sorry," when Dean got a cold from falling asleep on the couch without a blanket. The new Castiel bought Dean cold medicine and left it on the counter for him before leaving to study in the library. The new Castiel said, "I can wake you up, next time, if you'd like? Or get you a blanket?" when Dean, too tired and sick to mask his thoughts, let his mouth run loose.
where you’ve been), and it was his turn to do the laundry, so he meandered to Cas’s bed and yanked the sheets off the mattress—and out from the corner fell a found a tiny, shrivelled bud of wolfsbane, dried to a deep bloody purple.
“Well, I think it’s beautiful,” Sophia said. Sophia was two months older than Castiel. They were desk buddies. “Don’t you, Castiel?”
“I hope you’re all having a fun night so far,” she began, and smiled at the cheers that arose. “Well, before all of you get carried away and start ignoring my announcements, I think it’s best that I announce the prom king and queen.”
“Okay,” Cas said nonchalantly, and leaned forward. He dragged his tongue up his side of the dashboard.
“What’s obvious?” That impending sense of doom, like stormclouds before they broke and spilled over the earth.
and the good doctor fixed her all up until Hannah was all better, and she didn’t cough up roses any longer and she stuck her tongue out at the boy next door.
Her name was Beth and they made eye contact as they both approached their respective microphones and Sam had completely lost head or tail of every word in his argument on abortion rights in favour of staring at the ribbons in her hair.
Castiel was suddenly a deer in headlights, judging from the dinner-plate eyes he directed towards him. "It was, um," he said. "Fine."
They tasted like rotten cherries as they came up, astringent and sickly-sweet. He registered someone calling his name; two voices, one worried, the other quiet. The faint crunch of snow as one of them walked away. A heavier crunching as the one remaining walked closer.
“It’s the colour of the sunset,” Sam said, sounding shy, now, and with just the smallest of smiles. “And oranges. Well, duh. But still.”
On a normal day, he’d be able to go a hundred miles without a single word, perfectly happy to jam along to the familiar crackle of his cassette tapes and the purr of the Impala, the barely-there breathing from the passenger seat and the soft snores of the occasional once-angel in the backseat. But there was something about today that made him antsy—made him tap his feet impatiently along the gas pedal through a roadblock and grimace at the too-bright sunlight streaming through the window. Made him flinch just barely, nearly imperceptibly, at every shift and rustle of thick trenchcoat from behind.
“No way,” Cas said, not even bothering to rub at his arm (which must be sore at this point) in lieu of levelling an ice-dagger death glare. “You made that one up.”
“Ah, no,” Dean said, and coughed. “It’s for my brother. He’s a huge fan of you. He’d probably, uh, pass out or something if he met you.”
Cas got the surgery. Cas was different, now. Smiled smaller, spoke softer. But he still liked his pancakes smothered in maple syrup, none of that “breakfast syrup” bullshit unless you wanted to be greeted in the mornings with a grumpy scowl and a ridiculous bedhead, and he still was a huge-ass nerd when it came to nature documentaries and sci-fi novels and he still had the same eyes, same mouth; still smelled the same, like citrus soap.
“You’re on stage three,” he said, and Castiel jerked, blinked at Dean with surprise in his eyes. “I researched it, you know. You throw up more than twice a day, your coughing is persistent, now, and I’m willing to bet that there's going to be blood, soon." There was something akin to fire in his eyes, an emerald flame. "What is it—no,
“Hi,” she breathed. “I’m Maggie.” She addressed this to both of them, but her eyes and posture screamed
“When we go watch the sky,” Castiel said. “In the morning. We’ll go to a field—a big, grassy one, like the one in my painting. And you’ll watch the sky turn orange with the sunrise, and you’ll see the purple flowers and yellow sun and the blue sky—and I’ll watch the dew on the grass evaporate in the sun, and I’ll watch the fields brighten with green in the morning light. And I’ll watch you, most of all. And I won’t see grey, but green—everywhere.”
He wondered if it was ironic divination or shitty, hypocritical genetics or a Pagan god's version of a terrible joke that made him head for the nearest bar and empty his wallet across the table. All he could think of was Mom, and Dad, and the surgery, and Cas—oh, god, Cas—and the awful fucking smell of those flowers wouldn't leave him alone. He drank and he drank and when he had enough, he staggered home and opened the door and found that Cas had fallen asleep on the couch.
It was enough. This was enough. It was enough that he was there for Dean with every break-up, there for Dean with every blossoming crush, by his side when his mom died in that awful car crash and he didn’t come to school for a month but opened the door every time Castiel knocked. Enough that Dean learned to shimmy up rain gutters to climb through Castiel’s windows when he was grounded, studied his ass off for a subject he hated just to quiz Castiel back and forth for his SATs, drove them three hours out to the lakes to celebrate when he got into his first choice university. These next few months were precious and had never been so delicate, and Castiel would never need to be this careful, never a misstep allowed in fear of shattering this halcyon thing they’ve built together over the last dozen years. And that meant helping Lisa plan the perfect promposal, because Dean kept talking on and on about a slow-dance under the stars outside of the venue and, through all the girls Dean had dated, Lisa was the one Dean talked about the most. It meant debating, arguing, protesting, smiling through Dean’s double-date setup. It meant dancing with Meg and convincing himself that he could be okay.
“Now who’s the mom?” Sam muttered, but there was a softness in his eyes, an unspoken gratitude that passed between the two brothers, one that never needed words.
The teacher shook her head, eyes wide and bewildered. Dean briefly wondered if she thought he was on drugs. “No, I just—why?”
but his traitorous mouth opened without his control and what came out instead was, “How do you feel about staying here? With us, I mean.”
Exactly two months later found them at the clinic again for Castiel’s final check-in, too-bright lights flickering and the sharp sting of antibacterial wipes tickling Dean’s nose.
Castiel flattens his lips. His eyes flicker back to the doors, where the murmur of guests and soft music drifts and curls out into the outdoors. When they settle back on Dean, there’s an aura of resignation in them. “Where to, then?”
unreasonable,” Cas eked out, flailing in his attempts to both block Dean’s offence and hit back himself. He got a few solid whacks at Dean’s chest before Dean dodged, the two of them stepping off the sidewalk now as Dean got behind him and snuck in a fast, sharp jab into Cas’s side. Cas shrieked and nearly fell over, only to whirl around, fire in his eyes as he retaliated.
Castiel turned, an eyebrow hovering halfway up his forehead. His eyes were still that same deep, dark blue from the first day Dean had seen him; impenetrable like the bottom of the sea.
Quiet with concentration, Cas shifted even closer, his shoe easing up next to Dean’s boots until they were side by side, half a foot from either one of them on the pedal, applying equal pressure. He was so close that his hair brushed up against Dean’s face, ticklish and soft.
“You too, Dean,” Maggie said. “And, um, you too—” Her eyes landed on Castiel hesitantly, flickering a little at the expression on Castiel’s face. He wasn’t sure what it was, what he looked like at that moment.
When Castiel felt Dean’s lips, so frightened they were trembling, brush across his face, just shy of his mouth, he jerked back as if he had been slapped instead.
It was just. Castiel was just. Off. And Dean knew perfectly well he had no right, absolutely no fucking right, in goddamn complaining about it, like he wasn't the cause of all this pain and suffering and everything else Castiel went through, but it nagged at Dean every time he saw Castiel or even thought of him. It had been a full week now, since the surgery, but the feeling refused to fade.
“Please,” Dean said, and he really was pleading, now. “I just want you to be okay. I care about you, you know that. I care about you a lot.”
"Right. Sure," Castiel muttered, if only to get Dean off this line of conversation—get Dean off of him.
“Good,” Dean said fiercely, and then a thought popped into his head, one that made him go all sharp and achy inside. “Is that why you were crying? Did Chad do something to you again?” Maybe it was
A moment of silence, then; a strange, funny little choked-off gasping noise from above. "You used to call me Cas," Cas said. "Before."
“You’re also supposed to keep me out of trouble,” Dean shot back. “And that means keeping your mouth shut.”
When Castiel stayed out too late researching in the library, Dean paced anxiously in the living room and thought, the old Castiel would have called and told me not to worry. The old Castiel would have whined and wallowed until I packed my bags and walked to the library to meet up with him.
"All I could see was how much you were hurting, and it hurt me so much to see that, it was so fucking bad, Cas. But then—but then—but
Dean huffed, annoyed at Charlie—she was a faster runner than Dean, but Dean would never admit it (never
“Yes, I suppose it is,” Castiel said, and he was pulling back just a little, enough to peer up at Dean and show him that he was smiling.
Cas whirled around to see it, a startled noise rising from his throat before it was replaced with confusion, curiosity, dripping skepticism. “Why is it going back?”
“I know,” Cas said, looking away to stare at his feet, suddenly looking glum. “It’s hard to, sometimes.”
“After the surgery,” Dean said, speaking into Castiel’s hair, his voice trembling but trying valiantly to hide it. “You were so—withdrawn. And distant. It hurt so much.”
she said, vehement. “Surgery is—haven’t you heard? It’s awful, that’s what it is. It takes away your love. My mom had a friend who got the surgery, and, and she was completely different afterwards, like she wasn’t even the same person anymore. It was awful. Just awful.”
Castiel nearly spat out his water. He coughed and wiped his mouth on the back of his hand, carefully making sure he had chewed and swallowed every bit of his food before looking up. “Who is who?”
“Okay,” Castiel said, and they spent a few seconds in awkward silence. Was he supposed to—lean in? Kiss him? Hug him?
Dean met Benny’s family through a barrage of loud messages and cursing voicemails that Benny paled at, shakily pushing Dean away as he clutched the phone in his hands. He said he was sorry, and that he would come back as soon as he could, he promised—just as soon as he sorted this out, he could make them understand, he was sure, he just couldn’t do it over the phone and he couldn’t possibly tell them to come over here. So Dean kissed him goodbye at the airport and clung to him one last time before he stepped through the security gates and Dean never saw him again.
Castiel looks tired, too. There are dark circles under his eyes that, despite Claire and Charlie’s combined efforts, makeup couldn’t completely cover up. Did he also not get any sleep last night, Dean wonders—tossing and turning in the sheets because they’re too cold, too empty. Fuck that tradition wholeheartedly,
Tears leaked out and spilled across his cheeks. It was so quiet he could hear them hitting the floor.
They stayed up way too late and ate way too much pie, and watched way too much shitty Spanish soap operas for no motive other than to laugh at and make up fake dialogue for (Dean could do an impressive falsetto), and this time it was Dean who fell asleep on the couch and Castiel who was in charge of picking up all the trash and storing the rest of the leftover pie in the fridge.
Dean’s hair was still speckled with snow—there was a steady flurry outside, had been since last night, one of the first snowfalls of the season. There was frost embedded on his eyelashes, and some had already melted into tiny dewy drops that sparkled in the light as he blinked. His face was flushed from the cold, and as he approached, Castiel caught an icy whiff of the outside air, fresh and clear.
It was Saturday, so Dean woke up, had breakfast (with Castiel, without the usual morning chatter between them, and his coffee had never tasted more bitter), and went to the mechanic's. Benny was there, and he grinned at Dean and slapped his back and called him
Gently, he brought Cas’s hand up to his face, bending down to meet it halfway. Cas’s grip loosened until his fingers were loose and lax in Dean’s hold.
“Let the girl decide herself, Cas,” Dean drawled. Castiel glared icily and struggled to control himself from taking the tin of pie and smashing it into Dean’s face, because then he wouldn’t have the pie to eat which was rightfully his,
“You didn’t say no punchbacks,” Cas noted. Dean wound back his recollection and realized that he didn’t. Which meant that the safety gates had now been unlocked.
The nurse blinked for a moment. “Oh. Yes, of course—I misspoke. My apologies.” Looked away, and Dean felt his breath catch.
Dean had never felt more helpless. He looked at Castiel and felt shame, hot and heavy, along with the biting slap of failure.
Cas got into bed with him, and Dean didn't know what to do. He just didn't know what to do. He pulled Cas closer, and felt his heart break a little and breathed a little easier at the same time.
Lisa's flower had made Dean panic in a heady, hot-headed way. He remembered Dad—remembered cutting his foot on broken glass on the carpet.
Castiel looked at Sophia with her dark brown eyes and curly black hair and thought that she was beautiful—she had the neatest handwriting in the class and always had sandwiches with the crusts cut off. It was lunchtime when he noticed the tingling in his throat, and when he excused himself to go to the washroom, he raised his hand up to his mouth and coughed and felt something soft fall into his hand. It was a small, white flower that kind of looked like an orchid.
“Stage four,” Bobby recites out loud. “The flowers begin to fight against your body’s internal organs. It will overcome your respiratory system first, then circulatory, then nervous. It’s quite similar to pneumonia, actually, but on a far more exponential degree. It might take days. It might take weeks. Hell, if your idjit ass decides to fall more in love with them, it could be the next bleedin’ day.”
“Get dinner with me,” Dean said abruptly, like the words sprung out of his mouth unbidden. “I’ll buy you dinner to make up for the pie. Hell, I’ll bake you a whole ass pie if you want to. Way better than that cafeteria crap.”
"Shit," Dean muttered, and ran a hand over his face. "Nevermind, Castiel. It's nothing," he said, and thought, You aren't supposed to ask me, idiot, you're supposed to just
“Good,” Dean said. “Now I’m going to take my hands off the wheel, slowly, and slide my foot off the gas. Make sure you’re paying attention to the wheel position and the pressure on the pedal—it might change a little when I let go, but just keep it the way it is now and
Dean laughed, hysterically, and put his head in his hands and stubbornly chased away any fraying threads of thought with sheer willpower until he heard the clunking of boots coming down the hall.
Cas’s eyebrows came together before drawing up. He broke into an amused smile. “Any chance of a kiss-back?”
“What’s wrong?” Castiel asks, because tonight, all of Dean’s defences have been carefully and strategically battered into shreds and spilled all over the dancefloor. He can imagine what his eyes look like.
With the help of the girl at the cashier, Dean picked out a hefty-looking Stephen King novel, because Sam grew up covering his eyes at every scene in a horror movie and it was henceforth his duty as a big brother.
Bobby had looked at Dean for a second, then looked a little harder—and then something flashed across his face.
He heard footsteps from behind him, and then there was a cool glass of water being pressed to his hands while the other rubbed at his back.
The Q+A was just beginning to wrap up, with the crowd slightly dispersing and making their individual ways back to whichever gallery they had been admiring when they left off. Castiel was still at his place, speaking to one of the museum curators off to the side. Navy blue tie and grey blazer.
But Cas was still crying, his head bent down so that Dean couldn’t see his face, couldn’t see his bright blue eyes, and Dean had never heard him cry before; he was usually always so quiet and the only time he ever raised his voice was to tell Chad to give him back his eraser because he needed it for the spelling test.
Castiel chuckled. “Well, for starters, the obvious: that he once scaled the highest tower in the castle and refused to come down until they let him have dessert for breakfast.”
Dean giggled and kissed his mother on the cheek, and silently thought that he loved to go outside, so it really wouldn’t be much of a hindrance, honestly.
Castiel rubbed his fingers along the petals of the acacia, slightly wilted now. “Does this mean she doesn’t love me back?”
And if he had to excuse himself from this seat so that he could use the washroom for the umpteenth time, or if he had to discreetly cough into a napkin with the pretence of a chicken bone in the pasta, Castiel didn’t let it go to his head.
… Maybe in more than one way. He had messy black hair and a strong jaw, and Dean didn’t realize that his cursory glance had lasted for more than a few seconds until the man shifted, paused with one hand turning the page, and looked up to meet Dean’s eyes with his own, bright blue ones.
There were brochures on Hanahaki displayed in the office, next to the STDs, which Castiel thought was rather apt and equally funny. Sex and love, both crooked and gone wrong.
“It’s not that bad?” Bobby said. “Listen to yourself. I can hear your lungs rattling from across the room.”
His dorm was a good fifteen minutes from here, and as he continued to walk, his resolve was hastily chipped away by the dark clouds and growing wind. The coat wasn’t waterproof, and he’d already showered today, thank you very much. The bus stop was only a five minute walk.
(They don’t know this now. Not in the pouring rain on the sidewalk past midnight outside of a podunk venue after Senior Prom.)
Castiel was halfway out the lobby and refused to look back. His footsteps echoed through the halls, and when the elevator let loose with its chirping, optimistic
ing,” Charlie yelled, sparing only a second’s attention to look back before throwing the thought away in favour of chasing after Kevin, who was laughing ahead of both of them, legs pumping to clear the distance back to their classroom. Their teacher was at the door, busy ushering all the other kids inside, helping them take off their indoor shoes and hang up their hats and pull up their socks by the ankles.
Dean sighed, and ran a hand through his hair. "You gonna pick up Dad from the hospital later today?"
but—but that wasn’t something he was going to think about now. Or ever. Especially not when they had a little less than three months left together, and just thinking about that, Castiel would happily go skydiving and spelunking with Dean if he asked him to, much less Prom.)
A startling amount of maturity would be a repeat trait in Sam, Dean soon realized, as he shot up in mobility, speech capacity, and vocabulary (“It’s revolting!” he had cried the first time his mother tried to feed him asparagus. His mother had frozen in shock. His father had exploded into guffaws). Shortly after Sam learned to crawl, he learned to stand, and after that, walking came as easy as a breeze. Soon, Sam was tottling all over the house, knocking over pots and pans and tearing apart Mary’s cooking magazines and generally causing chaos in the house, trailing with a delighted giggle and a cry of joy.
Dean shut his eyes tightly and swallowed down the sudden onslaught of panic that rose inside him (what if he doesn’t recognize me what if he doesn’t know me what if he does and he hates me, hates me, he should hate me) before reaching out and turning the door handle, entering the room without knocking.
“Yeah, well. That was half an hour ago, and it was right after dancing with Charlie, and Charlie is on
“Sorry,” Castiel said, and deliberately clenched his muscles tight—shoulders, stomach, shins—before letting all the tension flow out of his body. Relax.
Dean barely has a mind to flip back the covers before Castiel dives into bed, swaddles himself into the blankets and curls up next to Dean with a happy sigh.
Castiel jolted, jerked, hurriedly curled his fingers into a tight fist and felt the flower get crushed between his hand. “I’m fine,” he managed, though his voice was strangled.
Castiel couldn’t help but be just a little curious, albeit quite worried on top of it all. He was meant to protect him, after all. And judging from what he’s heard, Prince Dean wasn’t going to be easy to protect.
When he felt the first itching in his throat, he knew even before he spat out his first flower, tiny and white like a single speck of snow, less than an hour later.
“Oh,” Dean said. “Me too. I mean—” He flushed, finally tore his eyes away from the canvas to look at Castiel. “Your eyes. They’re my colour, too. Blue.”
“Yes,” the man said. “Why are you wearing it? I don’t recall giving it to you.” And, whoops, that was a hint of hostility in his voice.
When Dean offered to edit the essay for him, or act as a rubber duck to bounce ideas off of, Castiel (who had accepted the offer multiple times before, and accepting them with the solid knowledge that it would quickly diffuse into a volley of bantering and quick flashes of conversation, accompanied with laughs and nudges and bright, shocking eyes) shrugged and said, "I've got it, but thank you," and ignored the queer look Dean directed at him for the minutes after. Grammarly was a much less entertaining beta.
Dean cleared his throat; got tired of looking at the mirror and turned around to face Castiel fully.
He covered his face in his hands and breathed fast and hard until he had shoved the tears far, far down and out of reach.
The sun had just set. Traces of red and orange weaved through the horizon on the West, but all the way across the sky, over and up up up there was
Dean smiled, a hesitant, dazzling smile. “So, uh. I figured, what better way to get over someone than to date someone else?”
And he was also, as he quoted, a hopeless romantic. Which Dean found sweet as well. After all, he hated his own flowers, but there was Castiel, lovingly saving each and every one of them in a photobook. It almost made Dean feel cruel in comparison with what he did with his own (which was, crudeness aside, to fuck them away.)
A jacket hung on the back of a chair, the computer on the desk in front of it turned off, nothing else on the desk.
Dean was—Castiel didn't know what Dean was. Or, well. Castiel knew what Dean was, but there was not the slightest chance of him being able to enunciate and compress it into a measly few words. Dean had a swaggering, bow-legged gait and a lingering Texas drawl that came out and blasted you in the face when he was drunk or excited. He preferred whiskey over beer, but wouldn't admit it in a party, and you would be none the wiser if you saw him chugging down a Budweiser like it was water. He was a notorious night owl, and frequently gave death threats to Castiel's daily 7AM alarm.
Bobby ground his teeth, and then let out a heavy sigh. "You two, I swear," he muttered. "You can see for yourself just how well he’s doing.”
The teacher narrowed her eyes, hesitance flitting across her face once more, but she sighed and unlocked the car. It chirped happily.
The sunset was still beautiful afterwards, but for some reason, it hurt Dean’s eyes just a little when he stared for too long.
Dean wandered his way into the Great Hall as everyone else hurried by—he wasn’t looking for an autograph or a high-five or a smile; in fact, he was hoping to take this chance to snag a line-free checkout at the visitor’s shop—but as he stepped into the ruckus and clamber of the hall, the artists each in their own little section and podium across the expanse of space, he found his steps faltering, and before he knew it, he was making his way towards the end of the hall, near the exit doors, to the podium marked with a large, bold-black CASTIEL.
Sam’s quiet, amused, “Seriously, Dean?” was drowned out by the sudden roar of the billowing wind as Cas rolled down the window.
Thirty minutes later, when Dean wandered over to peer over his shoulder, all the tabs had been deleted and Castiel was typing up his essay for Literature.
“This is such a bad idea,” Castiel said, his voice whipped by the wind. He could barely see in this awful storm.
Dean was right there. Leaning on the Impala. One hand on the door handle, the other reaching into his pocket for his keys.
In fact, Castiel wasn’t even going to put this one in the book. He was that confident. (Or that desperate, depending on which way you looked at it.)
The rest of the prom passed in a flurry. He danced with Meg some more. Went to the washroom. Chugged three glasses of water and stole a few pretzels from the snack bowls. Danced with some faintly-recognizable others, Meg doing the same, the two of them coming to a mutual agreement as the music dove into the fun and funky along with the slow and loving alike.
Solemnly, Cas unbuckled his seatbelt. After clumsily vaulting over the seat, he landed in an awkward heap in the front seat, elbowing Sam’s side and bashing his nose on Dean’s leg.
That night, Castiel was brushing his teeth when the feeling of Dean kissing his forehead hurdled into his mind, and he had less than a second to drop the toothbrush and collapse to the floor before the flowers came.
Waving off Castiel’s grateful look, she ducked down and disappeared below the counter, and then popped back up, a beaten-up covered pie tin in her hands. “Luckily for you, after things started really ramping up, we started to hide them under the counters. And, even luckier, we only have one slice left.”
him. Loves it, even. It’s a sentiment that should’ve been long washed away by now—they’ve been dating-not-dating for so long he can’t make heads or tails of any of it, known each other even longer. They’re
“Oh, Cas,” Sam murmured, so quietly it wasn’t certain if he meant for anyone else to hear but himself.
Dean shrugged the trenchcoat on. It was a little big on him, draping over his shoulders. At least it didn’t smell, he decided—in fact, there was a subtle air of cologne, distinctly masculine, and a fresh scent of laundry detergent. And best of all: it was warm. He sighed, shoulders loosening, as limberness slowly returned to his arms.
“Shall I compare thee to a Summer’s day?” Dean monologued dramatically, already packing another round of ammunition. He chucked a snowball and hit Castiel on the neck, this time.
“Oh, yeah?” Dean snorted. “You can’t even reach the shelves, pipsqueak. And I’m the one who makes you food all the time. What are you gonna make her? Bread from the bag?”
Still skeptical, but deciding that he was too far gone to turn back now, Castiel couldn’t do much more than to follow.
“It’s okay,” Castiel said, and his head was in the clouds, now, or maybe trampled neatly underneath Dean’s boots along with all the flowerbuds. “You thought I was flirting?”
“I know,” Cas said. He glanced at Dean, a little taken aback at his abrupt glee, and then shook it off.
(Despite all this, Dean wasn’t keen on lying to himself; he Googled the facts on his phone during that million-year wait in the clinic, the girl with a hand on her stomach and sighing every few minutes. The surgery removed all and any traces of the flower from the patient’s system; removed the enzymes in charge of creating that specific species. After the surgery, recurrence of the feelings would be like conjuring flowers from nothing but thin air. In less poetic words, it was impossible. When he read it for the first time, Dean didn’t know if he felt better or worse. Now, he knew it was worse, the missed chance mocking him, fallen out of reach with every passing day.)
Cas dared Sam to sing along to the next song playing in the car, and Dean spent the next four minutes furiously covering his ears.
went well in Castiel’s favour) had bailed on him to go bar hopping—who went bar hopping on a Sunday night?—leaving Castiel to trudge himself into the library, set down a plethora of textbooks, and grind out a half-finished exoskeleton of an assignment through the skin of his teeth.
"Castiel," Singer said, and his voice was tinged with sympathy. "I'm not saying that it's impossible, but I want you to think reasonably, here: how long have you known them for? How likely is it that you'll succeed? You can't force love, no matter how hard some people might try." He watched Castiel for a long minute. "I'm sorry," he offered.
"What's wrong with Cas?" he'd demanded. (Later, he'd told Castiel he hadn't asked Bobby about him specifically, and he was only half lying. He hadn't meant to, really. It had just... come out.)
It dawned on him after a moment that Castiel was teasing when his eyebrows lifted higher, the corners of his lips curling up as if he were trying to fight back a laugh.
“You feel a little warm,” he summarized. “Not too bad, though. Do we still have that, uh, orange vitamin powder drink thingy?”
He walked over to the playground, tilted his head again, and then began to walk around it. When he reached the slides, he saw him: sitting all curled up on the woodchips and crying, so very quietly, shoulders shivering.
And what the hell, it was Friday afternoon and the weather was just drop dead gorgeous, the sun shining so bright it glittered, and Cas was half-smiling, now, and Dean’s cheeks hurt from grinning. “If you say so,” he said, and had enough time to see Cas’s eyes widen before he rushed at him.
Dean never took her home, but he drove her in the Impala out to the lookout point and to movie theatres, to restaurants that he paid for in crumpled five-dollar bills. He went to her house, where her parents cooed and called him
“Punch buggy,” Dean said innocently, and pointed at the bright blue Beetle frolicking its way down the street—going the other way this time from where it had appeared from behind them.
When Dean got a 50 on his chemistry quiz, Castiel took the test out of his hands, scanned it, and then handed it back. He spent the rest of the weekend grilling Dean on aldehydes and ketones until Dean promised his eyes were going to shrivel up and fall out of their sockets if he saw another hydrocarbon bond. But on Tuesday, he returned with a test mark of 78 and a hug so hard it nearly crushed Castiel's ribs.
And despite it all, Castiel laughed. "It's not the librarian, Dean, she's like sixty years old, that's gross."
With the music gone, the rain was clear as day, pounding against the windows and smashing against the roof. Some (the drunk, high, or both ones, mostly) ran out into the rain, laughing and yelling and slipping, muddying their dresses without a care in the world.
Dean didn’t even blink. “It’ll be great, Cas, just watch,” he said, eyes sparkling. Castiel looked at him, felt his heart give that little thud again, and thought dimly that he was doomed.
Anna was yellow: like Mom. It should have meant more to him than it turned out to. She had red hair and always smelled like strawberry shampoo, and Dean stroked it back and kissed her on the forehead when she was too tired to do anything else. He talked to her, too, but about happy things: about the way every teacher at every school they went to fell head-over-heels for Sam’s dimples and eagerness to learn, about the way John dressed up as Santa Claus when Dean was three and Dean was so excited he ripped the beard straight off, about how Spring was coming, the snow melting into sunshine and blossoming flowerbuds. He bought a camera and went out on walks to the forest trails outside to take photos of it all, the squirrels and the flowerbuds and the black-capped chickadees, and showed her sitting on the chair next to her hospital bed.
“What in the world?” Castiel murmured, hearing his voice bounce off the walls for a moment before being sucked into nothingness, as if the stone was porous.
couldn’t put up with me for long enough to even marry. Not a single one—I didn’t get to keep a single one.”
“I didn’t mean,” Dean began helplessly. “Nevermind. This works.” If you ignored the fact that Dean’s hands were ratcheting up a tremble against Cas’s calloused fingers. “Okay, next, gas. We’re on the highway, and there aren’t too many cars, so this should work. See my right foot on that pedal? Just ease up on there and press down. Not too hard.”
Dean’s smile came easier this time. He cooed and batted his lashes dramatically, peering up at Castiel through them.
Once Dean started noticing, he couldn't stop, couldn't help but wince at the too-polite smiles and the quiet, placid nods.
Castiel said. “I liked the cat, so I drew a cat. I saw kids sledding down a hill, so I drew kids sledding down a hill. Not very complicated.”
When the doctor came into the room, his father had jumped up like he’d been electrocuted. Dean remembered taking his hand and feeling it sweatier than he’d ever felt it before.
Dean knew about the journal, of course, knew about it a few measly months after they had moved in together. It must have been November or so of freshman year when Dean had stumbled across Castiel gently slipping a pale blue petunia (Charlie from the library, they had hung out as study buddies for two months before Castiel felt the flowers tugging at his throat, only to disappear another week later) into the pages.
When Dean was in twelfth grade, a girl named Rhonda left a pile of azaleas on his desk in English, along with a scribbled number on the corner of the desk.
“Well,” Dean said, laughing without humour. “Castiel got the surgery two months ago. I guess I’m just worried for him. He
Lisa had wavy chestnut hair that always smelled like coconut and a smile bright enough for the front cover page of a magazine. She was captain of the debate team and was applying to Princeton for an Economics major. She smiled at Dean when he winked at her in the halls.
There was a moment where Dean looked at Bobby’s face and suddenly remembered it decorated with grim eyes, thinned lips, remembered the split second where Cas raised his head to Dean’s for the first time after the surgery and for an instant, it was like he didn’t recognize him and they were perfect strangers. Dean shivered and shut his eyes until the image was dashed away.
don’t,” Prince Dean Winchester said, walking closer with every step backwards Castiel took. His arms were outstretched like a peace offering.
Sam looked dubious, like he had been planning on helping Dean carry the bags up to his room, unpack, and then kick his roommate (the email had told him Castiel Novak, and Dean had thought, what kind of name was that?) out before moving in himself.
“I’m sorry!” Dean held up his hands in a gesture of surrender. “I’m sorry, I really am, and I promise I didn’t tell him anything about you—he just, he recognized me is all. I fixed his car a few times when I was working at that mechanic shop, remember?”
It was Dean feeling, in an absolutely unfathomable way, like he missed Castiel when he was right there in front of him.
and his chest—ached—for a moment, as if someone had reached in and grabbed a handful of insides and twisted, as hard as they could. Then, it cleared, and Castiel smiled.
Together, they stumble out the car, into their home, up the stairs—neither of them carrying the other because if they’d tried, they were so tired they’d probably drop them, and wouldn’t that be a nice end to their wedding night?—into their bedroom. Dean unbuckles his belt, slides out of his jacket, clothes puddling on the carpet along with Castiel’s as he follows suit. Castiel yanks on his tie with a frustrated growl; Dean chuckles and comes closer. He undoes it for him while Castiel unbuttons Dean’s dress shirt with clumsy fingers, one by one.
“I mean that things aren’t obviously the best at the moment,” Dean said. In for a penny, in for a pound; it all came tumbling out. “And I guess the Bunker is pretty cool to us, but you were a freaking
That night, Dean felt an itch in his chest, a kink he couldn’t massage out no matter how hard he tried. He coughed—felt something soft fluttering in his throat—gasped at the obstruction and spat it out in his hand.
Sam always liked cats; had begged for a dog when he was a child but when they stumbled across a tiny calico in a cardboard box in Idaho, had fed her milk with his finger and cried when John wouldn’t let him take her to Kansas.
(He hadn’t been thinking straight; was drunk off adrenaline and sleep dep and whiskey and the sharp heady pain of stitching up his skin. Cas was in the kitchen with him, drinking chamomile tea or tomato juice or whatever new concoction of the week he was into at the time, and they’d been just—talking. Joking around in low murmurs because Sam was eyebrow-deep in research down the hall, and Dean was loose and happy and hazy-eyed, and Cas was smiling in that way that lit up the whole room, the whole goddamn town, and he didn’t think, just leaned in. Just like that, and he tasted like chamomile tea.)
“Ye-e-es,” Castiel said slowly, warily. He seemed confused as to why Dean was asking him, talking to him, about his interests—and that hurt. Dean welcomed the hurt, because it was well-deserved. He had spent so much time wallowing in what he had lost that he hadn’t noticed what he had right in front of him. “It’s quite interesting. Amazingly, although you’d expect a book like this to be entirely scientific, there is quite a significant tie to the philosophical levels of human thought.”
“Maybe we should,” Castiel mumbled, the frayed edge of his patience finally proving to be reaching the end of its line.
Castiel didn’t even need to speak for Dean to hear his answer. Dean let out a half-sob, half-snarl, at the silence. “Castiel. Please.”
She thought they were a waste of time, a waste of space, a waste of a perfectly-pretty meadow, why bother snipping them of their lives if only for a few days of beauty in the centre of their dining table?
“Like the midday sun,” Dad would say, now. Like the colour of the peeling labels on the alcohol bottles, or the spider webbing-cracked wallpaper.
“That still wasn’t fair,” Dean said when Cas smiled again, infuriatingly. Dean’s arm throbbed in agreement.
“You’re gonna be fine,” Dean was saying, a steady stream of nonsense pouring out of his mouth as he pulled Castiel to his chest and let him collapse onto his legs, straddle his waist on the bathroom floor. “You’re gonna breathe, okay? You’re gonna breathe, easy as pie, in and out, and you’re gonna be okay, Cas, you’re gonna fucking be okay, just stay with me, you hear?”
"No, it's okay," Castiel said. "I understand." He raised his head, and steeled himself to meet the doctor's eyes. "I'll get over it myself. Thank you for seeing me, Dr. Singer."
"Cas!" Dean had said happily anyway, never one to back out from an event gone wrong. "How'd it go, man?"
Beth was right: the love went away on its own, leaving behind nothing but the faintest sweetness that lingered in the back of his throat. The flowers never tasted the way they smelled, and there was one stall in the back of the highschool washroom where the toilet was always stuffed to the brim with a cacophony of different scents, flowers fresh and rotting spilling from the edge.
"Sure am." Dean's grip was warm and strong before he released it to jerk a thumb over his shoulder. "Why don't you get settled down? Your bed's the one on the right. Dunno if you have a preference, but, uh, I guess if you really had a burning hatred for beds on the right side of the room we could—"
I didn’t even do anything, Castiel thought inanely. But Maggie laughed nonetheless, drunk with pleasure at the full-on attention of someone like Dean.
“Come here," Dean purred, and captured Castiel in a headlock, pushing his face into Dean's chest, giving him a steady, firm noogie. He had a younger brother named Sam, Castiel knew, with whom they'd spar together often as teenagers. As a result, Dean was an excellent wrestler. And Castiel had many occasions when he was presented with solid proof of this, proof which was further presented now: squirming and panting and trying his utmost best to ignore the proximity of their faces, bodies pressed together, heat and sinew and flesh.
“Yeah, no problem,” Dean said, and he was already feeling better. That wasn’t—that wasn’t hard at all.
He laughed sharply, but it came out more of a choke. “I know all of that but I loved you anyway, and now I find out that you, you didn’t get the surgery in full, that it wasn’t a clean break? I don’t know what to do, Cas. I just don’t know what to do.”
“I’ll take your word for it,” Castiel said. “But I think I’d rather take this up into my dorm to eat.” Maybe he could even warm it up in the microwave, pile on a bit of the leftover ice cream he had in his minifridge, and God he needed that pie
Swiftly, the warmth was gone from behind him. Castiel stabilized the expression on his face—made sure it was placid, expressionless, free from the sudden flurry rising in his chest—and then turned around, bracing himself.
“I’m nowhere near you, sunshine,” Dean said, and aimed for Castiel’s ankles, where his jeans rode up enough to expose a sliver of bare skin above his boots. “Thou art more graceful and—oh so charming.”
Castiel was awake. He was drinking water out of a Dixie cup. When he finished, he placed it on the bedside table and folded his hands in his lap and gazed out the window. He didn’t see Dean at the door.
difficult to cross in this town—bigger than most, at least thrice the population of the last suburban neighbourhood they’d moved from. Dean tightened his hold on Sam’s dirt-streaked fingers and eyed the cars flying by with trepidation.
The walk to his residence was quiet, almost charming in its tranquility. He could hear crickets and the faint croaking of a toad, probably near the pond near the East wing. By the time Castiel reached the building, flooded under the yellowed lights, his crawling irritation had settled into a stirring, rueful acceptance.
Castiel rolled his eyes. Dean’s ego could power a dozen Teslas. “I said, this is a bad idea. In fact, this is probably the worst idea you’ve ever had.”
Castiel pushed open the doors and ran, the rain slamming into him like a battering ram, his dress shoes immediately destroyed under the dirt that had melted into mud.
Castiel tried to speak again, but decided against it and merely offered them a slight smile. “I promise I will do my utmost best to deliver on those expectations.”
On the way back, Cas was clutching his hand, holding it close to his chest. Every few steps, he would run a finger over his pinky.
“To have someone so bold as a King,” Castiel mused. “I’m certainly curious to see how that would turn out.” Then, he added, “As soon as he actually marries, that is. Another rumour is that he refuses to choose a wife. Nor husband, for that matter.”
“It’s silly,” Castiel had murmured, suddenly embarrassed. He shut the scrapbook and hugged it to his chest.
“Hey, it’s fine,” he urged, squeezing Sam’s hand so he’d look at him. “You can go to Isobel’s to play, right? And the playground—when it’s not dinnertime, I mean.”
Dean looked at the bee sting, so close it was blurry, and then dipped down to close the gap. He kissed it, very carefully, just once.
The man nodded. “This way,” he said, and this time, he slowed to match Castiel’s pace until they were walking side by side, shoulders bumping.
And then they just—stopped. Petered off until Dean realized that it had been days and days until he had to make a break for the toilet, since that tingling in his throat.
He remembered when he thought it wasn’t that bad, and while he gripped those words so tightly in his brain it was tattooed like a mantra, he blindly crawled across the bathroom floor to find the rim of the toilet seat and thought that this was worse. He was aware of nothing but the ugly, bitter taste of the flowers striking across his tongue, the way even the plush softness of the petals scratched at the roof of his mouth until the taste was mingled with the jagged slice of metal. He could hear the noises coming from himself, chokes and sobs and—words, were there words, he couldn’t tell—everything overlaid and engulfed by the stream of flowers falling from his mouth. It hurt so much his eyes stung, and tears dripped down his face and wet the petals as they fell.
“God,” his father said, and then began to cry. Dean watched, eyes wide. He’d never seen his father cry. “I miss you. I miss you so fucking much.”
“Oh. Well. Still.” Dean shrugged. “Tom’s cute. Funny. Charming.” His eyes flicked up as he grinned. “Not as much as me though, obviously, but I think you could settle.” It almost hurt more, how comfortable Dean was with him that he could make those jokes, how far-fetched the idea must be to him.
Sammy,” Dean said, trying to pull the seven-year old away from the playground with small, stubborn fingers. “We gotta go. Dad said to be home by five and it’s already four-fifty and you
“Hey,” Dean says softly back. He tugs on Castiel’s hand, just a little, until he gets the message and scoots across the seat to rest his head on Dean’s shoulder instead. “If you fall asleep on me, I’m carrying you over the banister.”
Two of the guards worked to open the gates, and one of them slid closer to Castiel, lifting his helmet to reveal kind eyes and messy hair.
So maybe Castiel was a little quiet, but he had a biting sarcastic edge to him when you got to know him that was so sharp he could slice you in half with a single word. Maybe he was a little awkward, but it only served to add to his personality, and what Dean classified as "weird" quickly turned to "funny" quickly turned to "oddly, really sweet".
The man rubbed his forehead with one hand. “My roommate,” he explained. “He ‘borrowed’” —cue quote hands— “my coat the other day. I thought he’d lost it, or forgotten to return it to me. Now I know where it really went.”
The song ended, and a slower song filtered in. A classic. Around them, the crowd's murmurs grew low and excited, pairs reaching out for each other’s hands and dragging them away from the snack table. Meg came closer and Castiel’s arms went around her as she turned her head to the side, pressing her cheek into his chest. He wondered if she could hear his heartbeat, and tried to push his apology into the pulses. She was perfect. She was stunning and snarky and sharply, passionately kind and everything Castiel wished he wanted. Throughout the venue, the lights grew soft and dampened; pinks and reds and purples swirling into the walls.
“Okay,” Castiel said, slowly lowering his defences and seeing Dean relax as he saw it. “Fine. What did he say?”
By the time Castiel started preparing the paints, mixing them on the palette in smooth, steady strokes, Dean’s legs had gone numb beneath him, but he didn’t think of moving an inch. Through the sounds of the brush moving across the canvas, hushed and hissing like dry grass in the wind, Dean lost track of time.
Dean had been right—even with the obstruction dislodged, Castiel's throat still stung, and he could see a tiny hint, a corner, of blood. Like red thread through the petals.
Instead of responding, the man bent over to reach his backpack, and began rummaging around in it. Dean watched in a blur of confusion as he straightened with a pen in his hand. Then, he smoothed out the bright-green sticky note onto the front cover of his book (now closed), and began to write on it.
“I’m glad you didn’t,” Castiel commented, rinsing out his palette and brushes, carefully wiping off the handles with a cloth.
What had begun as a subtle itch in his throat had escalated into a rattling cough. Single blossoms grew to pairs, then bundles, a whole bouquet inside his lungs. It was affecting Castiel’s performance in class—it was hard to concentrate on Plato’s Cave or Occam’s Razor when he was trying not to vomit flowers all over the test papers because he was suddenly ambushed with the reminder and image of Dean shaving in the mornings in nothing but a towel, eyes warm as they met Cas’s in the mirror.
Castiel hurried and shuffled himself into the packed elevator and stood uncomfortably until it reached the sixth floor, where he wandered his way to the door to his room. It was already open, and music was blasting from the room that he could hear from all the way down the hall.
It was near an oak tree where the chirp came again. From below, and Castiel walked just close enough to spot the tiny peach-coloured creature huddled in the grass.
After that, with the few flowers Castiel got before that morning of Dean’s birthday, Dean would stay relatively quiet about the whole ordeal, but his curiosity would always win over in the end. He’d meander over to wherever Castiel was working that night and watch with fascination as he smoothed the flower between the pages of the book and shut it tight, stacked half a dozen textbooks on top.
The guest answered, but Dean didn’t hear them. He couldn’t hear anything, actually, over the sudden pounding in his ears.
Cas sat up. Dean stayed kneeling, so that he was eye-level with his stomach—could see the faint up-and-down movements as Cas breathed. "You're drunk," Cas stated.
Castiel gasped and coughed and spat out the final volleys of flowers, guided by Dean’s soothing tone and the steady circles he was rubbing on his back.
“Castiel,” the nurse—Millie, her name was—urged, quietly. Castiel had never heard her speak up until now, and her voice, albeit soft, was firm. “The surgery is safe, I promise.”
It wasn’t. The scent grew stronger as he turned the corner, buttery caramelized dough and the fruity, tart bursts of berries filling his nose. Rejuvenated, Castiel made his way towards the tables—and then stalled, steps slowing, as he took in the sight.
Dean helped him get ready for the date, chucking through clothes in his closet and holding up ties and humming and hahing and being a general nuisance until Castiel kicked him out of the bedroom and got dressed himself.
“See it?” Castiel finished, with a sparkle in his eye. “Of course you can, Dean, it’s of you after all.”
Castiel whistled quietly, softly, and watched the baby bird’s mouth widen with more desperation as it emitted a series of weak chirps.
“Hmm,” Dean said. “You getting a cold?” Before Castiel could react, there was a hand on his forehead, fingers chilly but sure. He shivered anyway, and felt his stomach churn. Somewhere in the vestiges of his memory, he recalled that it had never felt like this before: this felt bigger than him, uncontrollable, like if he held it in for too long it would expand until it burst outside its vessel.
believe in angels, but I was still surprised. Especially because all the lore I’ve read depicts angels, seraphs, as these great mythical creatures, and then, well, I see you in that trenchcoat in a dirty motel.” He let out a short laugh, embarrassed. “No offence intended.”
“Everyone at the whole goddamn school knows,” Dean muttered. “She wasn’t exactly subtle.” He scoffed, and then shook his head a little, shaking it off; when he spoke again, it was with a lighter inflection. “Besides, you’re as oblivious as a brick. Covered in mud.”
Heart immediately kicking up into a furious batter, Castiel whirled around, one hand instinctively raising while the other quickly drew the bird safely to his chest.
to land himself in detention, after all, although he would admit in hindsight that crossing his fingers and hoping none of the teachers would catch him skipping all his classes was far-fetched at best.
“What?” Sam said again, this time an instinctive rhetorical response rather than an actual question, and then, “No. No! What are you, in third grade?”
a scene of a picnic, grey-checkered blankets and grey apples and a grey book, opened to the first page; white shimmering sunbeams split into rays and shone onto the scene. In the very middle of the room,
"God," he had said, near begging. "Please, Bobby. I know he's not telling me everything. He's—we don't—we tell each other everything, but he won't tell me this. It's driving me crazy."
He lost track of time. He wasn’t sure how long it had been, but he realized after a while that the crying had stopped. Cas’s shoulders were no longer shaking, just trembling as he creeped back into calmness.
“My true form most likely adheres to the description in your lore,” Cas said. “It would also blind you permanently.”
Dean sat and he sat and he watched Castiel draw, watched the tiny wrinkle in the middle of the bridge of his nose, watched the way he frowned in concentration. Occasionally, he would look up and their eyes would meet—Dean would fight the instinct to look away (like looking at the sun) and Castiel would smile, gently, and move his gaze to Dean’s ear, his jaw, his lips, before averting them back to the canvas.
“Well,” his mother said. “How do tiny little viruses grow inside someone when they’re sick? How do you grow so big and tall?” She leaned over, one hand on her hip, to pinch each of their cheeks. Sam squirmed and Dean giggled. “It just works like that, dear. Biology.”
. Dean ran from the bedroom, laughing like a maniac, and stopped at the kitchen with his arms spread in display of a table piled with his famous pancakes dripping with syrup and coffee, hot and strong and black just the way Castiel liked it. There were donuts in the fridge, too, but those were for later that night, when they each took one end of the couch and binged through a whole season of X-files without pausing. Castiel fell asleep on the couch and woke up with a Sharpie moustache, a party hat strapped to his face, and the taste of lingering chocolate glaze in his mouth.
The man craned his neck; crowded Castiel closer to the wall. He met Castiel’s eyes—wide, alarmed—then pressed a finger against Castiel’s lips.
“Like Dean’s Zeppelin tape,” Cas added. “To someone who is unfamiliar with the artist, the tracks mean nothing, but for Dean, it’s a collection of his memories. It’s a part of his soul.” He was smiling, now, head bobbing gently to—and that had to be one
“Jesus,” Dean breathed (Cas couldn’t be in love with him, not him, Dean was supposed to be easy smiles and casual fucks and someone no one should, would, fall in love with—Cas was soft eyes and an even softer touch with kindness pure enough to rival a riptide and he barrelled through Dean’s defences and broke his number one rule, and now he was paying for it with millions and millions of flowers. It was all Dean’s fault.)
Dean turned to Castiel, the residual look in his eyes still dark and heated, and Castiel gritted his teeth at the flush that threatened to make its way up his face. He’d barely even known Dean for a minute and he already knew that he was such an
“You’re lying. Please, just tell me the fucking truth—tell me if you’ve been lying to me this whole time, Cas—please, I—”
"Don't be stupid," Dean said, and was it the scent of Cas's shirt or the last shot of tequila that just hit? "You're him. You're Cas."
Castiel's chest twinged, and the pain spread like a wildfire. He muttered, "Of course. Your dirty socks in the sink and moldy takeout in the fridge? Who wouldn’t fall for that?"
“I watched that YouTube video, remember?” Cas said. Dean saw Sam curl up into the side of his seat and close his eyes.
Meg rolled her eyes. Flicked out her phone, started to dial. “I’m not even going to say it,” she said. “You’re a smart boy. Figure it out. I’m calling my sister to pick me up.”
“It’s so fucking bad,” Dean said, and was he crying—“It’s so fucking bad. Please. No one is worth this.”
He spared one look towards the classroom, where Miss Penny was nowhere to be seen, now, the door still propped open and a ricochet of chatter coming from inside the classroom. He turned away from it and began to walk determinedly towards the source of the noise.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel said, gingerly testing out his vocal cords. They were ripped to shreds, but somehow they hurt less than he had expected them to.
Once he was next to him, Dean crouched, and then sat down next to Cas. He could feel his pants getting wet from the grass and Chad was probably going to point and laugh and say that he peed his pants, but Chad was a stupid bully anyway.
“Yeah.” Rather unhelpful advice, to be perfectly frank. If Castiel could get over it, of course he would. That was just ridiculous.
Beth nodded, eyes still teary from her outburst. "My mother told me that you only get surgery if there's nothing else left. If that's the only way out. Usually, the love will go away on its own—like us, Castiel. Imagine if I had gotten the surgery! I would've been so different. Maybe we wouldn’t even be friends now."
“Red and blue make purple,” he said. “And red and yellow make orange. If I took red out of orange, I’d have yellow. If I could take red out of purple, then I’d be able to see blue.”
Dean slowed, paused, came closer. It wasn’t just a jacket, it was a trenchcoat. One of those stuffy accountant ones. And there was a sticky note on it; bright green.
Singer tilted his head, grimaced. "The infection is deep," he eventually worded. "It's grown roots, pun not intended. From what I can see, it's been there for a while, actually—just dormant. You must've known them for a while, huh?"
Dean huffed. “I know you. You’ve been acting weird ever since that one day I came home and thought you had a fever. You said it was a cough—it wasn’t one. I knew it! It was Hanahaki, wasn’t it? And one this bad—I’ve never seen you cough up so many before. Seriously, you’ve got it bad this time. Who is it? Anyone I know?”
“I came to apologize,” he said, making a move to step closer before thinking better of it and keeping his distance. “I was a dick last night. It’s just, I didn’t have time to eat all day and pie is
“It’s really not that bad yet,” Castiel said, and he clung to the thought while Bobby swore at him, clung to it with greedy fingers like a starving beggar when he walked out the room with a pounding head and a steady, blossoming ache in his chest, and when he turned the corner into the waiting room to see Dean, who rose with worried eyes as he saw Castiel’s pale face and trembling hands, Castiel etched the mantra in his head until it burned.
“But what if there’s another?” Dean nearly didn’t recognize his own voice, furiously tamping down that soft glowing hope, that
Mom would roll her eyes and bat his hands away from her hair and tell him to stop it, will he? And Dad would laugh and pick her up and spin her around in the kitchen while they made dinner together and Dean would jump on the couch until they told him to stop.
“It’s okay, Cas,” Dean repeated, each time more determined than the last. It became a subconscious mantra, his words coming out without thought, continuing to rub the boy's back. He made himself comfortable next to him, ignoring the sensation of mud seeping into his socks as he scooted closer.
He raised himself up onto the tips of his toes. Stretched. His fingers, brushing against the underside of the branch.
"Dean?" and Sam's voice was filling quickly with pity, instead, and a whole hell of a lot of worry, and Dean couldn't handle that (he'd forgotten how the
All that colour had ever given him was an aching pain in his chest and a sting in his eyes. No sunset was worth that.
“Those aren’t the right words, asshat,” Castiel barked back, and Dean noticed the pile of snow in his hands too late. Castiel was brutal; it aimed straight at Dean’s face.
going to have sex tonight; now, though, he doesn’t think he can lift an arm for anything more than to let Castiel snuggle in closer.
“I got it,” he said, and wrapped his fingers back around the wheel. Put his shoe back on the pedal and felt Cas’s shoe sliding off, Dean taking the pressure back onto the ball of his foot; watched Cas’s hand release from the wheel and felt him shifting away, leaving warm, shivering air in the place where he sat.
“This is just because I can,” Cas said. Kiss. “Because I want to.” Another kiss, and Dean was going to drive this car right off the highway and into a ditch and he didn’t even care.
Dean frowned at it. He reached out to touch it, half-peeled the sticky-note off before hesitating and pressing it back on. The coat was cold and the desk was devoid of people, and a hasty look around revealed no one in search of a lost coat.
“Maybe you should,” Dean shot back, out of impulse than anything else. Cas’s eyes narrowed, his throat bobbing as he hummed in thought.
(Plus, even if Castiel couldn't cook, he could make a damn good pie. And he gave Dean a first-edition Vonnegut, for fuck's sake. That gives anyone a pass.)
He began to notice, then, everything he had been neglecting. He had been so hyperfocused on the flowers, on Hanahaki, on Cas, that he hadn’t realized that he’d passed his midterms in the blink of an eye and that the snow outside was glittering and bright and beautiful, and that, when the two of them walked outside on their daily path to their shared morning lecture, the air was fresh and crisp.
When he returned from his last lap around the campus (what if the procedure was over now what if Cas was back, standing there in the waiting room, looking for Dean and Dean wasn’t there, even though Bobby had said it’d take two hours and it had been 90 minutes at most), there was another girl in the waiting room, sitting across from the room. She was tapping on her phone incessantly, and it mixed with the hum of the lights until Dean couldn’t stand it anymore.
“Nah,” Tom said. “I get it. You can’t choose who you love.” He shrugged, but the slow shimmering veil of sadness still remained. “But, uh. If you ever change your mind. You know where to find me.”
“Jesus,” Dean said, and dropped his voice to a murmur. Nimble fingers reached up to brush the hair out of his face, and Castiel shivered again, harder, dropping his head onto Dean’s shoulder with a choking sound. “Why are you doing this to yourself, huh? Just sign the forms.”
Stopping in his steps, he craned his ears and caught it again. A chirp. Weak and thready. It was coming from the gardens.
It wasn't until Dean was watching reruns of their favourite TV show late until the wee hours of the morning, looked over at a scene he knew Castiel loved, knew that he loved to read the lines along with Dean in exaggerated voices and mocking accents, and saw that Castiel had fallen asleep without a single word, that it hit him like a sledgehammer to the ribs that Castiel was like a stranger to him, now.
Castiel glanced over. “Water break,” he said, and then laughed quietly. “You don’t have to make that face, I’m just joking. I’m finished.”
man, you’ve seen stars and the whole universe and—and now you’re stuck with two rundown hunters in Bumfuck, Kansas.”
In Economics class, he finally summoned enough courage to give his group project partners a piece of his mind. It was met with a shocking compliance—Adam even offered to give Castiel a bag of weed as apology, which, in Adam’s language, pretty much was on level par with a love declaration.
Cas nodded solemnly. “You stole Chad’s lunchbox and hid it on top of the closet after he took my eraser.”
“You could’ve gotten surgery,” Castiel suggested, and Beth’s face contorted with horror, physically recoiling as if hit.
They walked back to class together with the sun shining all around them, the birds chirping, the bees buzzing contently in the fields. Cas told Dean that orange juice made his tongue hurt because it was too
“Oh, my love,” she cooed, voice petal-soft and sweet. “Castiel. Go to sleep, now, darling, and dream of the sun and the stars and all the galaxies in the world.” Her lips were always warm, always plush as they stroked along his forehead. Castiel closed his eyes, and he would dream of the sun and the stars, shimmering galaxies in blues and bright greens like the felted squares on his blanket.
Dean slung an arm around Castiel and pulled him into his side, close enough that their warmth mingled. “This is Cas,” he said happily. “My roommate, best friend, and wingman. I’ll need to thank him later for helping me score a girl like you.” He winked.
Dean laughed—breathy with disbelief. “Yeah, okay,” he said. “But I’m gonna buy it, anyway. I’ll wait here for you while you get your stuff, and then we can head to the studio together?”
“Come with me,” a pleasant-faced nurse said, leading Castiel over to another room for his vitals and leaving Dean to twiddle his thumbs and stare at the tick-tick-ticking of the clock hanging across the wall with worry and impatience both.
Dean shrugged, and moved on. He suggested Chinese for dinner. He bargained over dish and laundry duty. He acted like nothing had changed, and in a way, nothing had. It was all in Castiel’s head: it was all him, his own thoughts, his own urges, his own desires. He had brought this upon himself, and with that thought, he was determined to shoulder this as his own burden. And if Castiel needed to excuse himself during dinner to discreetly toss out a single crumpled blossom that had escaped through his lips, well, that was his own knowledge and no one else’s.
way, see him backing up one, two steps before Dean barrelled into Castiel and, in a move drilled into him from dozens of football practices in the past, tackled him straight into the communal garden.
Castiel couldn’t tell you when he fell in love, but by the time he realized it was years too late, and he made his peace with it, sitting back as he watched him cycle through half the high school girls. Sometimes he thought about crashing into Dean on that very first day, glancing up and seeing his green eyes, tiny offended scowl, and he thought that it might’ve been too late then.
Suddenly, his mind clicked, and he dug his hands through the left pocket until he pulled out the crumpled, bright-green note.
“Punch buggy,” Dean said as way of explanation, extending an arm to gesture at the now-empty street.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean muttered. “I guess you could make her eggs. But later, okay? You gotta eat dinner first to get up the energy, right?”
“Hey,” he said, and, in a stroke of subconscious anxiety, ran a hand through his hair. There goes the fifteen minutes, Castiel thought with amusement. “Listen, I. I just want you there, okay?” Rare vulnerability in his voice, something even Castiel rarely heard save for the most private of moments. “I mean, you’re going to be half a freaking country away in September and we only have a few months left together, and we’ve known each other for so long and I just can’t imagine going to, to frat-parties and lecture halls without you. And I don’t. I just.”
They were fifteen minutes late to class, and both of them were cold and wet, and (or so Dean adamantly insists, even when they spent half an hour in the locker room blow-drying their pants) it was so totally worth it.
He turned off the television and went to the bedroom to fetch an extra blanket. When he returned, Dean had curled himself deeper into the corner of the couch, snuggling the arm as if it were a person with his face smashed into the material, snoring so quietly it could almost be called snuffling.
They’d read the Lord of the Rings trilogy until the garage-sale pages fell apart from their bindings, and while Dean had gone the Vonnegut path, Sam dug the oldies: Virginia Woolf (no, Dean, it’s not
“It’s fine,” Castiel said, and wondered briefly how many times he’d said that phrase in the past month or so. “But why Tom?”
