"Easy? I never said it was easy. Why do you think I hesitated to tell you about this spell? Why do you think I haven't suggested something like this before? Dean, do you think I like the thought of bleeding you to summon something like Crowley?" Cas said, looking hurt.
Out of all of the people who had dressed up like a French maid, it had to be Charlie. He could never watch a porno featuring a sexy maid again.
"Not fair." He groaned. "You know what that light touch does to me."
"A lot of bad things happened to me when I was young." Castiel said. "Things I won't talk about. There are other parts of myself too, things I don't want to discuss, but that's why I'm so… I don't know, guarded."
"Shut up, Cas. Go get me a beer." He said, waving his arm at the bar.
"Yes, I think that would be wise. I need to… rest my brain. My brain which has so many thoughts in it, I feel like it'll explode." He said.
"I'm not leaving until around the 18th. That gives us a month and a half to prepare for it. I know you want to say yes, Cas, so just say it." Dean said.
Dean thought about saying something sarcastic, but decided against it. Sam was willing to forgive his father, but he always had been. Sam was in many ways the stronger one, despite being damaged beyond belief by his father's absence and his father's genes, since they'd found a relative on their father's side that had it. Sam knew now where his chemical imbalance came from and he forgave John Winchester for that too. Dean would never forgive his father. That was one demon he wasn't willing to exorcise.
"Jo!" Dean said. His voice was heavy with warning.
Cas got a job at Home Depot, which became a joke to everyone who passed through the Singer/Winchester house because Cas didn't know the difference between a hammer and a nail. He continued to watch the Food Network nightly though and became convinced he was the next Anthony Bourdain and with his cooking skills, there was a good chance he might be right. Dean continued to work on cars in his spare time and it got around town that Singer Salvage was open for business again. Dean passed himself off as Bobby's long lost nephew and soon enough, he was operating a relatively respectable business.
"I said no." He snapped.
Dean smiled in the darkness. They went back to bed. Castiel snuggled up against him in the darkness. Dean wrapped an arm around him. They lay there, few minutes passing in silence.
"What?" Dean asked, feeling very small all of the sudden.
"Cas! God! I do not dance! I do not ever dance!" He cried.
He released her and went over to Sam. "Goddamnit Sammy." He said, blinking back a few tears of his own. "You take care of her, okay?"
On top of being angry at his parents and worrying about Sam, Dean hated himself for objecting Castiel to this. He had never wanted Castiel to experience this part of his life. Right now, Dean wanted to be back in Plainville so badly that he could taste it. If he could leave Sam alone in good conscience, he would have forced Castiel to drive them to the airport or at least to a hotel in Topeka.
"So, Jo. You have class, right? Want me to walk you?" He asked, shooting a glare at Charlie, which she missed in her rapture over finding a Melt Banana fan.
Dean took a deep breath and reached over and knocked on Castiel's door. He heard some rustling and Castiel was there immediately.
"I'm really sorry."
Castiel still didn't say anything, but his eye seemed to burn hotter. For once, Dean felt himself returning the stare and suddenly knew exactly what Castiel wanted him to do.
Castiel looked shocked. Dean burst out laughing. Sam might not be the same person he was before the disease, but he still spoke plainly and could read people.
Since when was Dean Winchester willing to let another member into their trio?
"These pictures are all I have left of them." He said. "Looking at them, I almost feel normal, even though I'm not."
Dean glanced down at Castiel, who was currently leaning against him as if he were a pillow, his body totally relaxed, wearing a contented smile on his face. He couldn't believe that this was the same guy who one hour ago was in hysterics because Ellen and Bobby had been just too nice. Dean felt a twinge in his chest that was a mixture of love and lust. Castiel was certainly no angel, but Dean sometimes felt like one had sent him to him.
"For one thing, most people have seen the film, and before we leave, I'm going to have Cas paint 'dammit Janet' across my chest."
"Why?" Dean asked, knowing his voice sounded stupid. He knew why, but he couldn't believe she'd actually do it.
"You told me once." Castiel said. "That night you puked on my Toms. It didn't surprise me then and it doesn't surprise me now. I don't blame you for not wanting him around."
"We aren't making any deals like that, Cas, you big, stupid idiot. Not like this." He said, clutching onto Castiel for dear life.
Dean came out of the bathroom, feeling much more human, and much better than he had while lying in bed. The hangover was still creeping at the edge of his stomach and his temples, but at least Satan was gone. He found Castiel in the living room, drinking a cup of coffee and sketching.
"Dean! Come on." Jo said. "Seriously, get a load of what your boy toy is sporting before you smear your makeup from crying so much."
"I'd like that."
Castiel choked on his beer. Dean suddenly felt like the biggest moron on the planet. It was just now occurring to him that he had never told his mother that Castiel didn't have any family and that's one of the reasons he was spending Christmas with the Winchester family.
Mary just nodded. "Okay. Good. You boys want to help me with dinner?"
"You okay with the civil war part of it and everything?" Dean questioned. As soon as it came out of his mouth, Dean knew it was a stupid question. Of course Cas wouldn't be happy over the slaughter of thousands of his brothers and sisters, nor would he be happy about the prospect of war in Heaven.
"Sammy, let me get you a drink. In fact, I'll just give you the bottle. There is so much we have to tell you." Dean said.
"Dean, who else did you think you'd be? We don't have enough people in our group to portray minor characters." Castiel said, semi-seriously.
"Brother, I don't understand. How is it better? How can you help us?" Cas asked, his voice exhausted.
Out of nowhere, Charlie came into the bedroom. She let out a scream that destroyed everyone's eardrums and broke all of the mirrors in the room.
"Everything makes me feel uncomfortable." He said, smiling a bit.
Jo sat straight up, grabbed the remote and muted the show. Onscreen, Dr. Sexy kissed a buxom woman wearing a half-unbuttoned nurse's uniform.
"Bedroom." Dean hissed. "We are going to go to your bedroom."
"You want Bobby's body? After all of this time? You know it won't be… preserved." Balthazar said, wrinkling his nose, evading the question about Sam.
"Only when I really mean them, Cas. Now, want to see what's on tv?" Dean asked, reaching his hand forward and thumbing away one of the few stray tears that had escaped from his eyes.
"What took it?" Dean pressed. "Tell me now. Did Raphael take it?"
That's exactly what Castiel did for the next two hours. They didn't talk. Dean just drank. Dean rarely drank to get smashed. He had the tolerance of an elephant, something that came from his alcoholic genes or maybe from the simple fact that he had started drinking at the ripe old age of 12 and had built it up over the last 14 years. These days, he drank because he enjoyed the taste of alcohol and because sometimes, he just needed a buzz to chase away his pain. He never did this. He hadn't done it in many months, anyway. Tonight though, it was a different story. By his fifth shot and second beer, he was feeling loose, much better than he had when he was moping in his apartment.
"No, Dean. Don't come. Stay. I'm just grateful you'll be here for Christmas. I just wanted to tell you. Go back to sleep honey. Sam will be fine. I'll call you tomorrow to update you. He's sedated for now and we won't know anything until at least late tomorrow morning." She said.
"That's wonderful, honey. I am so proud of you." Mary said, smiling at him.
"Why?"
"Charlie, Dean, my name is Charlie." She said.
Days were spent researching Hell and how two human men could pull pure, human souls out without opening the Devil's gate and releasing Hell on earth. There wasn't much, because most ways would lead to another apocalypse or involved deals with demons. Dean got in touch with his contacts to figure out what was going on in the world of the supernatural, and it turned out there wasn't much, just the usual run of the mill baddies. He plied them to figure out if they knew who Hell's new leader was, but if they knew, they wouldn't tell him because most hunters thought Dean was responsible for the near-apocalypse, which was only half true. Cas tried to figure out if his "situation" had ever happened before without an angel ripping out their grace and as far as both of them could tell, it hadn't. He tried to contact a few more angels, but they didn't come.
Cas actually laughed a little. "I am not your angel anymore. That's something you have to realize. We're partners, equals now, and I can't save you all of the time. Like you summoning Crowley, my emotions get the best of me. I can't always understand how you think."
Dean sat there for a minute.
Dean sauntered over to Cas and pulled him close, placing his arms over his shoulders. "Hey buddy, you still mad at me?" He murmured, kissing him on the throat.
Sam put him down and helped him and Castiel bring their suitcases into the house. Dean looked around. The house, looked completely different than the last time he had been home. Nothing was familiar to him except the photos on the walls and the people living in the house.
"Dean. Come on. You need to get out of bed." She said from the foot of his bed.
"You didn't know. Now you do." Dean said simply.
"Dean, wait." Cas said. He took a step forward. "Crowley, if I came with you, would both Sam and Adam be freed? Their souls intact? The memories of Hell stowed away where they could never get out?"
Hidden from sight, Naomi feels a smile blossom on her face as Castiel punches the second copy and stabs it with the angel blade taken from the first copy. He lets out an anguished cry as it falls dead next to the first one. She twitches her hand ever so slightly and the original angel blade disappears from his grasp.
Everything goes cold. "No." He whispers. "No, Naomi, he's just a man, he could never…"
"You are strong, Cas. You're doing so well, dealing with all of that shit you've been through." Dean said, rolling over on his side and staring at him.
Dean thought, biting his lip hard. In the distance the ocean roar and Dean wanted to be a thousand miles from where he was right now.
"What time is it?" He muttered to Dean, his eyes still closed. "I never thought time mattered, but now I want to make sure I don't sleep my mortal life away."
Jo stared at him as if he had just sprouted horns and a tail.
"So it was good for you?" Dean asked, even though he already knew the answer.
"I don't trust you, Crowley. Now, I hear you're the guy in charge now. Big promotion! Now, Sam and Adam. Their souls are in Lucifer's cage. We are here to get them out." Dean said.
Dean shuddered and scooted away. Cas was a little too close. He was in the bubble and it made him feel uncomfortable. Unsurprisingly, the angel the angel scooted right to his side, personal space be damned. He put his fingers on Dean's neck where the bruises were, intending to heal them.
"Mmm. Want to go upstairs?" Castiel breathed. "I'm kind of in the mood now."
Balthazar sat there for a minute. It was funny to see such a powerful being with no snappy comeback or words. He seemed to understand Cas, far more than he understood Dean. Maybe Balthazar and Cas really were like were brothers.
"I'm not running."
Jo and Castiel came into the bedroom and Jo let out a long squeal.
"He was a traitor." Castiel muttered. "A traitor who had to die."
"Cas…" He warned. Dean felt his walls coming back up, he felt the familiar anger that always came over him when someone nosed into his family business.
When he said that, Castiel's face lit up with anger, his indigo eyes flashing. Dean gulped. He had pissed him off again and prepared to be choked or thrown across the park. He glanced down at Cas's fists, which were clenched tightly. Apparently Cas also felt betrayed.
"This is pretty." Dean said, listening to the music. "Much better than Melt Banana."
"Leave it open." He mumbled
"If he has friends, why does he sit alone on the quad? Why doesn't he have someone to eat lunch with? I actually think I've seen him around before, sitting on benches alone, and shit. Messing with people is my way of making friends."
"He sounds like an awful person." Castiel said bluntly.
"You are awful." Castiel groaned.
After the exorcism performed on his body by bourbon and a hot shower, Dean came out feeling slightly more human than he had in weeks.
He looked at his brother, who was 22, had a near genius level IQ and had dealt with the day's events better than any of them, chemical imbalance be damned. He looked at Cas, who looked extremely annoyed, yet also extremely adorable. Then he remembered that Cas could hulk out and he looked less adorable. Sam and Cas had layers and Dean was not their caretaker.
Cas didn't get a chance to make another attempt at a quippy comeback, because suddenly Gabriel appeared, holding the unconscious body of his brother.
“Selkies who have their pelts – they leave,” Will forces out, struggling against the hold. “She’s carrying my child. And I love her.”
, Cas. Again.”
On his way back to his room, he knocks on Cas’s door.
Jack shakes his head. “A lot, Dean. I looked up to you.”
(It’s been five months.)
Someone is shouting his name. It filters distantly through the water, muted and thick. A gun goes off. It must find its mark because her fleshy grasp loosens, releases.
cases. Cut and dry. The past twelve years have been a ride, really. Dean thinks about Garth, about Benny even, about –
“Okay,” Dean says. “Alright, then, buddy, I’ll just — you know where everything is. Uh, let us know if you need anything.”
But the Empty knows
And then, suddenly, the world is breathing again. Like all this time, it was just paused between one inhale and the next. There are people. Moving, talking, walking. There now where there was nothing before. The damn birds are singing again.
“I — I — I’m so sorry,” Dean says. “But I’m here now, Cas. I’m here.”
“Hey,” he says, cautiously, “I don’t know what’s happening here, but let her go. Whatever you want. You can have me. Just let her go.”
Jack doesn’t look any different. He’s an earnest God-adjacent thing.
“It was Alice,” Dean tells them. “The woman, from the library. She kept – kept repeating herself. She was looking for something. And then got a hold of me, and I couldn’t get out. I’m not sure – ”
It is kind, and it spreads over him gradually, from the core of him to the ends of his limbs. It traces up to his mouth, and a sigh escapes him. It touches at his cheek, then continues on towards his neck, brushing behind his ear.
Dean counts to ten. “Okay,” he says. “Okay.”
Dean has laundry to do. It’s early, a little after seven, but he couldn’t sleep anymore. Might as well get a start on it.
“I like what you’ve done with the place,” Dean tells him. Cas starts. “It’s better. It’s good. It’s
“I’m just,” Sam continues, “I’m thinking about Cas, you know? He’s family.”
This time, Castiel wakes.
They sit, shoulder to shoulder, toes in the sand. It’s quiet.
He shakes his head.
“Yes,” Cas says. “But I won’t apologize for that. It was worth it. It’s always been worth it.”
, he thinks, taking a breath.
Dean sees Cas, his hand on Dean’s shoulder. Cas, facing the blackness with a gratified peace. Cas at his
Dean is ten miles out of Lebanon when he notices. It shouldn’t have taken him that long, even, but it does. The dawn is just beginning to break. His grip goes slack on the steering wheel, and his eyes, which had been focused single-mindedly on the road in front of him, on the ground beneath him, on anything but –
Right off the bat, it takes Dean too long to find the rosary. They had thought it might be a Bible, or a piece of cloth, but it’s a rosary. And the string has been broken, beads spread out in the contents of an old embroidered pillow. He fishes them out of the stuffing, one by one.
Fuck him. Really. Fuck him. He’s the worst. He doesn’t say anything.
“Dean,” Sam says. “Where are you guys? I’ve been calling.”
He manages to fire off a round, giving him enough time to dig out the last bead and set it all aflame. They scream, open-mouthed and silent, when they go.
They have done enough. They deserve to be happy, and they are. They will be.
He’s the spitting image of his father.
He gardens.
“Agent Nugent. We know the last victim was seen talking to someone at a bar?”
“Don’t be. I’m — glad. It wasn’t sudden. I think it’s been happening for a long time now.”
Their drive wraps them around the Gulf Coast. Dean swears he can feel Baby start to rust in the salt and humidity. Sam tells him he’s full of shit.
“Molecules,” Cas says.
. The Empty
She clicks her tongue, and the sound rattles around Rufus’s warded cabin. Hester is there.
Dean nods. He waits. “Cas,” he says, “I get that you’re pissed at me –”
, in the years since his fall, since his abandonment, since his resurrection. Since the sear of a soul, burning into him, into his grace, and the reflection of that righteous fire on the left shoulder of Dean Winchester.
Castiel is kneeling in the grass, hands deep in the dirt, coaxing a reluctant seedling into adolescence.
His voice was a prayer, a question, and an answer, all at once. It was a word of faith.
Jack. Dean looks at him.
The Empty had been Empty, and then it had been awake. And then it had been
It’s after midnight when they make it to the bunker. (Home.) They move around each other without conversation, grabbing their bags and getting inside. Dean takes leaden steps towards his room, collapsing into bed. (Nothing like memory foam.)
Back in the library, he hands a glass over to Cas. Sees their fingers brush.
“Morning, sunshine,” Dean says, turning back to the stove.
– that Cas would kill him if he did. And Cas can say whatever the fuck he wants about how Dean sees himself, but Dean’s still feeling pretty damn murderous.)
Jack visits. Jack is a peace so deep that meeting him sunk the Empty back into its dreams.
Cas looks past Dean, at the Impala. “Dean,” he says. He doesn’t continue.
He saw Sam’s life, like a long road, stretching out. He heard Sam’s own questions, not
Dean swallows. Glances up to the rear-view. Cas is watching him, jaw tight. They make eye contact, and Dean can’t stand it. He puts the car in reverse. (He forgets, sometimes, because not forgetting would be something worse. That Cas pulled him out of Hell, stitched him back together. That Cas has held his soul. Knows those things that Dean’s kept from even Sammy.)
When his nails are bedded with dirt and he is waiting for his garden to bring itself into being once more, Castiel stands witness from a distance.
“That’s okay, Dean. We did it, right? Free will. It’s like we talked about. It’s up to you now. Whatever you want to do.”
He turns to Jack. “How long?” he asks, the lake turning a deep grey-green above him.
“No,” the other man says, simultaneously. “No, we don’t know that.”
“Right,” says Dean. “Okay. That’s really all we need. We’ll, uh, get out of your hair. We appreciate your time.”
When he turns back, Cas is standing in the nearest field.
“He gave me her pelt. Not then, but when we got married. Keeping it, see, keeps her human. And she doesn’t know that’s she not. She’s never needed to know.”
“Dean,” Sam says. “
Dean winks. “Switch the laundry for me.”
Chuck is gone. He and Sam, they’ve been going on hunts, occasionally. Eileen’s off by herself at the moment, but she joins them. It’s been good. Fine.
it thought again.
The whiskey warms him. It tastes like anger.
“I’m going to count to ten,” she says. “You can do it with me, if you want.”
“Dean,” he says. He’s behind the bar as usual, but not holding anything. Dust is caught in the shafts of light that fall against the counter. “I was worried about you.”
Sam doesn’t apologize. “Cas seems to be having a good time,” he says instead.
(“Dad,” Dean says. “Look, look, I got it!”
“I know I told you,” Dean said, still watching, “about the hunt in Ohio?”
“Oh. Sure,” Sam gestures to Eileen, “we were planning to continue digitizing the library anyway. Some hunters have been asking about it. How long will you be gone?”
“I saved you,” Cas says. He pitches forward, leaning against the stiff line of Dean's body. “I should have saved you. I would have saved you.”
Dean is leaning against the wall. He moves forward onto his knees.
“Where’s Cas?”
He opens it, and he steps inside. A familiar song is playing, one of his dad’s best oldies; it’s a favorite. The bar is empty, except for Jack, standing behind the counter, holding a frozen mango margarita.
“Yeah, Sammy,” Dean says. Cas starts to make his way out of the water. “I know. It’s not gonna happen, but I know. Now cool it with the chick-flick moments.”
Dean has moved on to the eggs when Cas walks in. He’s shed the coat, and he looks awkwardly bare without it.
“Bowlegs?”
He rolls over. Sits up, slides his boots off, walks them to his closet. Shucks off his jeans and grabs a fresh shirt. Climbs back in bed. Sleeps.
Fear not, for the Lord is with you.
Cas’s footsteps echo lightly. Dean stays at the sink. He stares at the tile. Counts to ten. Counts to ten again. Again.
“You’re not my dad, Dean. You’re not even close.”
Sorry, but I'd rather have you. Cursed or not.
Sam’s got the hunter network back up and running. Not many stay with them anymore, sticking to the road instead. Donna pops in occasionally. And Jody, and Claire.
“Yeah,” he says. “Yeah, man, I think that’d be good.”
“Lookin’ good. Bobby says you helped with that.”
Sometimes, they are his own.
He is driving, and it feels like he has been for a long time. For years. For hours.
,” Cas says, because he can. Because he’s here.
Dad tackles the werewolf, gets it with a knife. He’s got a long cut running up his arm when he stands. Sammy’s safe, but Dad’s bleeding, he’s bleeding, and it’s Dean’s fault.
He is dead, but he says, “I do. Of course, I love you.
“Do you want breakfast?” Dean offers. “Before you go, I mean?”
He makes it to Hastings by mid-afternoon, and he meets Sam and Jack at the intersection.
“Told you?” says Dean.
“Claire.”
Dean laughs, quick and sharp, kicking off his shoes. “Yep, no kidding, man,” he says. “Who would’ve thought? All this time, five months, and he — well.”
, you have to help me. I can’t find it.”
“Sam called. Uh, Jody. He said – she said he told her that, um, that Chuck made everyone disappear. But, uh, that Castiel was – he’s – Dean, it’s not – is it?”
“Hey, bud,” he said, entering the war room. Cas sat at the table, book open in front of him. “Movie’s on in ten.”
They drive.
There’s a breakthrough in the case.
His phone rings, and he hits his head coming up to answer it.
He’s still not thinking about it, when he hears a phone ring. The sound carries down the hall, and Dean ends up back in his bedroom, rifling through the desk drawers. It’s his other,
“Alright, kid,” Dean says. “Do you really think you can pull this off?”
They go to the library. Sam talks his ear off about selkies, but Cas doesn’t say a word the whole way there. Dean’s screwed it up. What else is new?
And then, finally, the Empty sleeps.
He’s surprised at first, to find he’s not alone.
“Dean,” Cas repeats when he doesn’t answer. “You are a good man.”
is a word made of Empty, but Castiel has carried it, so proudly, so close to him, for many years now.
Dean doesn’t say anything.)
Castiel gardens.
“We’re surrendering,” Sam says. “We’re giving up.”
“Dean
A shower comes on down the hall, and he figures it must be Eileen, washing off after their run. This is confirmed when the sound of Eileen’s shower music starts up, turned high enough that Dean can hear the beat of it through the layers of wood and metal and tile that separate them.
Dean finds himself with an armful of Eileen instead.
It could be a Sunday, but it feels like a Thursday. It’s September. Dusk, or late afternoon. His basil is beginning to sprout.
That night, the Tuesday before it all went to shit, Dean had sprawled in the La-Z-Boy on the right while Cas sat on the left, holding the popcorn bowl in his lap, intermittently tilting it over for Dean to grab handfuls.
They’re in the car by noon. Sam is riding shotgun; in the backseat, Cas stares out the left-hand window. Dean drives.
,” Cas pulls back. “Something’s burning.”
He sleeps now, though.
“Yeah. Were you asleep this time?”
Dean is angry.
“Oh, yeah,” said Dean. Mrs. Butters was a crazy ride, but Dean was damn grateful she had fixed the T.V. “Dean Cave. Pizza’s hot, popcorn’s popping, and your feathery ass is gonna sit there and pretend to enjoy it.”
, like
There’s a lull in the song.
“Dean,” he says, and it sounds like warm soil, beckoning in the evening after an afternoon in the sun.
Damn.
, Castiel had told Anna once.
He’s so
phone.
“It’s a classic.”
There is a soul – but Castiel cannot see it. For all that he knows, and he
“Thank you, Dean. As do you.”
The fire recedes. Relinquishes. Settles into a low warmth. Dean is warm, and he is dry. He sleeps.
He felt the answer, too, as only he could feel it and know it and share it.
Dean opens the door, gets halfway out when he remembers to check his pockets for the keys. They’re not there. Right. Right.
Sam’s got a smudge of sunscreen on his cheek. His feet are half-buried. He kicks them out, sand flying up into Dean’s face.
Castiel is not a star; he is not an angel, either, really. Still, he feels a hot light flooding through him, pouring out, overtaking him. He braces for it, then sinks to his knees.
“What do we know about the others?” Dean asks.
There’s something he’s forgetting.
He never did learn his lesson, did he?
“To stand on,” Dean corrects. “And Cas, that’s all,” he elbows him, “
It’s different now. Angels have had to learn to make adjustments.
Cas signs something back, and Eileen laughs, bright and loud. (
Jack saw him, and loved him, and knew his questions, and shared his pain, and felt his love.
“I don’t understand,” the woman says, wiping her eyes. “John was, god, he was probably the most sober of all of us. He’s not the type to wander off.”
“What about this one?” Sam asks. “Maria Jones. She had two kids who went missing back in ’89, and she drowned in the bay a few months later.”
, she says.
“Christ, Cas,” Dean says.
Castiel doesn’t say anything.
“Shit, okay. Wait for me. I’ll be there as soon as I can. It might take me longer. I don’t know what the roads are going to be like.”
Sam walks in as Dean’s fixing the coffee. He looks like an idiot in that jogging outfit.
He does not hear the screams – he cannot hear here – but he feels them. Thousands of tortured souls, writhing beneath the hands of Dean Winchester. So much has been shredded.
The sky ripples directly over Castiel’s head. A line hitting the water.
“Dean,” Cas says, facing him again. “You came in here. Did you have a question for me?”
Sam’s luck is slightly better. He confirms that the footage from the bar shows John leaving with a brunette woman, a little after midnight. Her features aren’t clear, it’s only the back of her really, but she’s definitely in a white dress.
“Oh.”
Castiel leans into it, a wave rocking against the shore.
“Hello, Sam. How was your run?”
(It’s a week after the end of the world, and Dean’s at the bar on Main Street. It’s not crowded. Jackson is polishing some glasses when he walks in. He spots Dean, takes a look of him. Grabs the scotch from behind the counter and pours one out, on the house.
“You have saved so many.” Cas looks at him, stern. “Myself included.”
“Could you,” Dean starts, suddenly. “Could you hear prayers, while you were in there?”
He takes the pan off the stovetop and begins scrubbing. When he’s done, he grabs the Clorox and starts in on the counters.
On the precipice between waking and sleeping, it has forgotten Castiel already.
“Hey, it’s fine. He’s here.”
“I was with Jack, in Heaven. We made some changes. But,” Cas hesitates, “I was ready to come home. Jack understands. He’s here, too. In a way.”
“Right.”
Cas nods. He winces. “I think — I think I could use some sleep.”
“Yes,” Cas says, leaning over to see the paper. “But why start now? That happened decades ago. The drownings here started in August.”
A breath. He’s still crying.
“You are?” Sam asks.
Dean turns, and he walks out the door.
“Son of a bitch,” Dean says. “
“It’s gone,” she says.
, they tell him.
features Barry Nerling as David Yaegar, the Hatchet Man, who returns on each Halloween night to enact his revenge.”
“Look,” Will says. “She – it’s not her fault. She doesn’t know. Can we talk? Privately?”
He stops. They look at each other a moment.
But whatever, right? He’s back.”
Dean counts out a tip. Asks the waitress to bring him another cup. Doesn’t watch Cas go. Doesn’t think about it. The coffee is burnt, bitter. Dean figures he’s probably earned it.
“Those things you said, Cas. Before you – before. About me.”
For now, Castiel sleeps; still, something is happening within him, being gently conceived, making itself warmly known. It is something too great to name.
Billie kicks her heels up on the desk.
They’re holding candles. They’ve been burning members of the congregation alive. Come to think of it, Dean really does not fucking like fire.
She hangs up.
Dean can’t quit. He’s louder now. It feels like something is being torn from him, and it wracks through his body.
There’s a line, he thinks.
“I don’t know. We don’t know. It’s, like, what was happening, what was happening with everyone else. Stevie,” he pauses. “Eileen. And then, we had everyone,
And it begins to fill him;
“We’re going to be friends,” she says.
, or whatever, but he checked in and he, he listened and, and – you son of a bitch. Why would you –
Because a soul is more than the Grace of God.
Dean’s looking at his hand now, sliding it deeper. The sand is cool between his fingers. In his periphery, Cas stiffens. Then turns to him.
Dean can’t look at him, but he can see the rigid profile in his periphery. Cas with his fists clenched against his thighs.
The Empty
“I’m — I am glad, Sammy. You have no idea. I just thought, I don’t know, maybe we would have warranted a check-in. We’re family. And Jack — shit, Jack
“Here abouts. It’s mainly military families in Ft. Walton, but I grew up in the area.”
“Yeah, yeah. Show off.”
This is how it happens:
“Where are you?” Dean asks. “I’ll come get you. Where are you?”
“Dead?” Cas asks, like it’s a joke. “Yes. I got better.”
“So,” Sam says. “Cas is back.”
Some have said that the stars are angels — but angels are far too bureaucratic for such an abstraction. Castiel is neither star nor angel now, he thinks. He is something new, perhaps, or something older than memory.
He had wanted to know.
, begin to drift.
Cas smiles.
Cas looks at Dean.
the snide part of him says. He rolls on his side.)
“I didn’t ask for that. I didn’t
keeping you here. When you’re supposed to be, I don’t know, frolicking about in Heaven or whatever else angels do when they’re not trying to start or stop an apocalypse.”
“Cas,” Sam says, quickly, “The two of you are – ?”
He drives.
“Yes,” Cas says. “I think so.” He looks at Dean.
But Dean will do it. He’ll do it. Kill Sam. Or let Sam kill him. He’ll let Sam kill him because Sam is stronger. He’s always done what needs to be done. Like he did with Rowena. That’s what they’ll do. Because they can’t keep letting everyone,
She leans against his shoulder blade. A warm weight along his back.
, it told God.
“Dean,” he says, “I’ve been with you for years now. How could you imagine it’s not what I want? Dean. What I want – ”
Dean closes his eyes. He moves, turning on his side.
The truth. Dean didn’t sleep, that night in the bunker. He prayed.
(Dean leaves.)
Dean looks down at Chuck, at God. He feels the sun shining against his back, against his face.
Cas eats the peanut. Chews carefully.
They’re not at the Harvelle’s anymore. This place is closer to Rocky’s
“Okay, Ariel,” Dean says. “Let’s get out of here.”
The Empty had met Castiel and felt that it had known him.
“Thank you, Dean,” he says.
When they go through the tunnel, Cas rolls down the window, and tailpipe exhaust fills the cabin, wet air slipping inside. The speed of it tousles his hair, flips back his collar. (He could be flying. His eyes are shut, and the yellow lights hit his profile like an awkward halo.) A horn blares, and then more, loud and reverberating. Cas raises the window back up.
and felt Sam’s will, and thought,
He knows, somewhere, that on Earth, this conversation would be difficult. That there should be a tired set to his shoulders. In Heaven, it just happens to him. He lets it.
Dean can’t remember it though. He doesn’t say anything. He walks forward, pulls Cas in against him, and they stay like that.
It’s been five months.
“Dean?” she asks.
“I don’t know what else I’m good for.”
When he goes to leave, he finds Sam sitting alone at the table. He’s holding a book in his hands but isn’t looking at it, and he closes it when Dean walks in the room.
“Feds, huh?” He asks. “I guess it was about time. These boys keep washing up, and we don’t know a thing about it. Don’t get me wrong, we get accidental drownings here. It happens. Out-of-staters coming in, getting drunk, acting stupid. But not like this. This is something else. It’s Dunphy, by the way.”
“Sammy,” Dean rasps. His throat sticks around the word. “What’s – where’s Cas?”
There’s no response. He backtracks. “I mean, I could. If you want. Unless – ”
It’s dark when they cross into Florida. They pull over at a rest stop just past the state line. Sam leaves the car to stretch his legs.
He stands there, unable to move. Feeling flushed, undone. He counts to ten. Turns back to Cas.
Dean hesitates. Which is a dumb, stupid, rookie move, and Dad would give him hell for it if he knew. He hesitates enough that the flames lick at his collar, burning, hot and sharp. He can smell it, his own skin.
Dean paused, and Jack felt his questions.
Dean is done waiting.
“That sounds about right.”
It does.
Dean glances toward the water.
“What was it like?” Dean asks.
“I did.”
“Dean,” he says. “Knowing you and loving you has been the greatest and truest privilege of my existence. Believe that.”
“Dean,” Cas says. Unsure. “Did you – ”
Dean says nothing, and Cas releases him, stepping back. There is a minute, where they look at each other.
“I don’t know. I don’t think so. Nephilim are powerful. My grace is — weak. And I’m not human in the same way Jack was. I have a soul, but monsters can have souls, too. That’s what they are. Corruptions.”
Dean doesn’t say anything.
“You’ve been praying,” Sam says.
Dean sits up. It’s got to be past dinner now. It feels later. His hands shake slightly as he reaches over, switches off the light.
“We didn’t have a body,” Dean chooses to say.
for love
“Uh, it’s Ben, right?” Dean asks. “I thought you were leaving town?”
He does look tired. Happy, though. Lighter. (A cold floor. A bloody sigil. The grip of a hand on his jacket. Sure. Happy.)
Jack holds him, and Castiel feels an emptied, jostled, glass-bottle weight. It is a heavy hollowness that sinks through him.
Dean ends up on the floor. Jack’s in his room, Sam’s in the library. Dean takes what’s left of the beer, and when that’s out, he drinks the whiskey straight. When it’s gone, he can get more. The world’s their oyster.
“I’ll go with you,” Dean says.
Dean Winchester is dead, but he follows Castiel into the dirt. He grips his arm, tightly, just below the shoulder, and crowds in close.
It’s Dean’s fault. Cas has gone back to bed, and Dean, jittery and thrumming, trades the beach for the Impala. He drives to the bay, parking just off the bridge and clambering down to the water. In contrast to the ocean, it’s dead still. Eerie.
“Oh,” says the librarian.
Sam grabs it from the nightstand, helps him sit up and swallow. Dean drinks to the bottom.
Dean hates this sort of case. Prefers the salt-them-and-burn-them, stab-them-through-the-heart, off-with-your-head, and
“I like the ocean,” Cas continues, ignoring him. “It’s comforting to think that the Earth contains something so deep and so vast. This planet changes quickly. People die, mountains are made, shores are worn down. But the tide comes in and goes out and will continue to do so, beyond host and humanity. Like a clock that doesn’t rely on a winding mechanism. Or a battery.”
Castiel had had questions, too.
“Hey, don’t knock it ‘til you’ve tried it.”
“Cas?”
Somewhere, though, God’s shield had stopped asking
Dean knows that this is the first choice he will make, with this new free will. It is a choice that will be entirely his. That he can own.
Dean wakes. He hadn’t meant to sleep. Maybe he didn’t. There were no dreams, he doesn’t think. He feels parched, his throat is sticky, and his face is stiff and dry, like the skin’s been thinly stretched. His neck aches. But his anger has abetted, slipping back inside of him, tucking itself away.
“Okay, well – look, I – I know this gonna sound nuts, but I’m down in Austin, and we’ve had a few bodies turn up minus their hearts. Um, and a friend of mine, Donna Hanscum, she said you were the guy to call.”
“I’m Alice,” she says. “What are you looking for?”
Dean wears Heaven like his old leather jacket. It fits loose at first, but Castiel sees him grow into it. Looks on as his shoulders adjust to their new lightness. Dean Winchester is dead, but he is free, and Heaven was made for him. Castiel helped build it.
They resume their conversation, but Dean can feel eyes on him as he moves to the door.
They split: Sam goes to Dynamo Dolphin, Cas and Dean take the station. They’re herded through the mostly vacant bull pen and into an office at the back. The sheriff waves them in, closing the folder he’s holding and dropping it on the desk.
Cas’s room is in the same place. Dean hasn’t been in it, since. He rarely saw it before either. Cas didn’t use it much.
“Sure. Yeah, sure, Dean. Whatever you need.”
Cas seems to consider this. He’s looking at Dean again. “Warm,” he says.
(One-month post-Chuck. The jacket is the last thing Dean drops in. He wants to pour in the soap, but he can’t do it. His hands grip the sides of the machine. Must be a full minute that he stands there, head bent, curled over.
,” he says, “tried to kill me last night. I don’t know what the two of you are playing at, but people have died. We can’t let that pass.”
Castiel’s grace is worn, faded. He uses it rarely, to revive dying saplings or warm him in the wind. He flies, though, and enjoys the bird’s-eye view of his acreage.
. Dean doesn’t know what the rules are.)
There is a breath, a quiet peace, between unbeing and being.
Jack is in the passenger seat.
“Dean Winchester,” a voice says, angry. Angry. Murderous. “
“Be careful, Dean.”
Cas stands. The linoleum squeaks beneath his shoes. “Excuse me,” he says. “I think I’ll go call Claire. I’ve been meaning to.”
"Your Grace is still weak, Cas. It's not that big of a cut, I'll just go to the car and get the things to patch him up."
"I love you, Castiel. And I truly hope you love me too."
"Will you ever get tired of calling me your husband?"
Dean mentally kicked himself for even opening her mouth.
he thought, Cas was an angel, he had things to do.
Instead of a response he heard a choked out sob. Dean looked up to see tears running down Cas’ face. Dean gently grabs Cas’ hands.
“Thank you, Dean. I love you too.”
"Dean, Charlie wants to take me clothes shopping."
"Well yeah. I might not remember everything, but I have this feeling in my chest, like if you left me I would be destroyed. Also, I'd have to be pretty stupid to not have asked you out yet."
“So what’s your name, magic man?”
"You would rather have me ask you out when I have my memories?"
Dean smiled bitterly, “Yeah, I know the feeling.”
He was cut off by Dean’s lips. He stood rigid for a few moments before melting into the kiss. Dean reached up and wiped Cas’ tears.
“Rowena and I are going out to try to track the witches so we can reverse the spell, Cas, will you stay with Dean?”
Cas walked up to where Dean was standing and touched his cheek.
“So, who are you?”
"Y- yeah" Dean spluttered.
“This is quite a lovely shop you've got here…. Dean.”
Dean and Cas had found the werewolf and killed it easily. They decided that they would crash in a motel before driving back home. They pull up to a little motel on the side of the road.
He grabs his boyfriends- no his fiancé's, hand and leads them inside.
“A magician would never reveal their secrets.”
“Dean, it’s raining outside!”, Cas said, excitedly.
Cas giggled and gave Dean a small peck with a content sigh. Yes, happiness was in just saying it, but he'd be damned if it wasn't amazing to have it.
“Hey Cas, I can help you, with your shoelaces.”
"Anyway, I'll leave you two Lovers alone. I gotta be getting home to my wife anyway."
His life for the past few months had been amazing. Dean had gone into the Empty to rescue him and to Cas' surprise, returned his feelings. When Dean proposed, he thought he could never be happier. They got married on Valentine's Day ("Dean "No Chick Flick Moments" Winchester wants to get married on Valentine's Day, the day of love?" "What can I say Cas? I'm a romantic around you.")
"Hey, Honeybee, what's on your mind?"
"Anytime, Sunshine, anytime."
“Right, I imagine you have to close up shop too,” Dean said, feeling almost sad that Cas had to go.
As Dean was about to give up, he heard a familiar sound of wings flapping. He turned around and saw Cas standing there. His heart melted like it always did when he saw Cas.
"You changed everything, Cas. You and your trench coat that you insist on wearing. All the times I lost you, I myself felt lost, like someone ripped a piece of my heart out and they did. Because you are part of what makes my heart whole. Without you I'm lost. And I can't-"
, it saw.
is a word made of Empty, but Castiel has owned it, has forged it into his shield, his birth right and his namesake.
There is a memory the Empty pries from Castiel, plucks outs, examines. It is a lovingly marked memory, the corner folded down into a placeholder.  It bears the evidence of gentle but consistent use, soft and rose-coloured, despite the fear that taints it. A strong fear. A fear that encompasses everything.
No – that’s not right. Castiel
Music rises from the jukebox.
This is how it happens:
“Talk about what?”
Dean smiles. Cas is his best friend. He’s family.
Cas stood. “Released in October 1987 to widespread criticism and cult adoration,
“She was right,” Dean says.
“You asshole,” he hears when he accepts the call. “You absolute fucking
“Hey, kid.” Dean eases onto a stool. “No drink tonight?”
Mary cups his face. When she speaks, it sounds like Chuck.
And what’s it matter anyway? All they’ve got now is Jack and each other and an empty world. Dean doesn’t know what to be if he’s not fighting. And what he wants – that’s not something he can have. He knows that. He’s always known that. And nothing’s changed, now. Dean is still what he always was, and that’s no good for anybody. It’s all he is.
Jack comes forward, wrapping his arms around Castiel. These moments have become less frequent since his transformation. But this Jack does as a son.
Dean scuffs his boot in the dirt. He sighs, laughs. It’s low and quiet. “You know, Cas, you’re not an easy angel to track down. Do you know how many shitty motels Heaven has to offer? Your doing, I guess.”
“Killed a lot, too.”
(Every night.)
Dean Winchester is dead. He says, “You have me. You have to know – Cas, you have me.”
It’s Eileen.
(He’s driving.
“Did you pray?”
It’s too much. Why does it always have to be them? Because Dad said it did. Because God said it did. Fuck them.
“Dean,” Cas says again.
And then there is light, gold and searing.
Dean huffs, and Cas, deliberate and defiant, flattens his hand, spreading it out.
And the sun shone brighter.
(Dean’s been learning. He’s the new kid at school again, and the girl who sits next to him laughed at him today for not getting long division. But that’s okay because Dean has his own stuff to learn. He’s gonna be a hunter, like Dad. And he’s only nine, but Dad says he’s a natural.
The Empty knows of hunger now. The Empty gives him these words, brings them into his dreams, believes they will sink to the pit of him, unsatisfying. These words are Empty, it knows, they will whet his appetite but not quench his thirst.
“I know – ”
Dean pictures the world outside, silent and empty, and thinks,
The Empty observes it and does not understand it. The Empty holds it, turning it over, considering. It cannot understand. It will not understand. It is old enough, though, has existed for long enough to know that, despite the terror that clings to the memory, this is one that it cannot give to Castiel. It would not be a dream; it would be an Awakening.
He moves. Walks to the sidewalk. Takes it all in. Laughs again.
It’s not that late. There are a few families running around still, toting plastic buckets and flashlights. Two kids come whistling by, and the boy slams to his knees in the sand a few feet away. His hands smack down, and when he brings them up, he’s holding a small white crab. It’s the size of a nickel.
“Dean,” Cas says, shifting towards him. “I know I said it before, but the circumstances were less than ideal.”
“You’re a good man, Dean,” Cas says.
“Yeah,” Dean looks towards the staircase, down at his feet. Laughs, then looks at Sam directly. “Yeah. We are. I think.”
“What you said, earlier. Trapped. Like you don’t have a choice. Like I – like
That’s that.
Dean pulls his gun on her.
He’s loads it all into the machine. It’s probably too full, and he’s trying to remember when the last time he did any washing was. Maybe a few weeks ago, when Garth dropped by with the kids to visit. Baby Sam, ever the asshole, had up chucked on Dean’s favorite Zepp shirt. Sammy got a kick out of that one.
Before Jack became God. Five days before, it was their last movie night.
“I wanted – I wanted to give you that. A hunter’s funeral. Another one, I guess. But we didn’t have a body. You were just – gone.”
Cas reaches them.
“Yes,” her husband says.
“I’m sorry,” Jess says. “Ben, he’s – hurting. We all are. But, Ben and John, they were – ”
There were people, moving, going, passing by. A world, bustling, asking, questioning, living again. And there were two brothers, and a car, and a Father.
(There’s a line.)
Dean sits on the barstool. He holds his drink, and ignores the quiet jukebox. When he eventually does wander over to it, peering through the window, the track cards start flipping by, and he’s standing in Death’s library, books whizzing past him.
He’s in Hell.
Dean passes the coffee over, then moves to sit at the table. Cas follows, sliding in across from him.
“Can’t you use your mojo, Cas?” he asks. “Have a looksie?”
Castiel goes anyway. Of course, he goes.
“Damn,” Dean says.
Dean hangs up. He drives. And the roads, they’re crowded, but he finds a path. Like they’re all parting before him.
“Well,” Dean says. “Hello to you, too, Claire.”
There’s the quiet hum of the bunker’s technology, a constant white-noise in the background.
He’s six years old.)
And that’s it. (Cas passes him on the way in, heads down the stairs. Dean watches him go, stuck on the landing. He follows.)
“Eileen thinks so, too.”
(Dean looks away.)
(Jack grins when Dean steps into the Roadhouse.
“You should have,” he says. “You should’ve. We would’ve worked something out. How could you keep that from us? We’re family, Cas. Family sticks together.”
Cas interrupts. “I think it was a selkie.”
“’M sorry,” Dean mumbles. “It’s just –
(“I know this all looks nuts,” Garth had said to him once, years ago. “But I found it. Love and a family? Who cares where that comes from?”)
The Empty is that from which all else was formed. There was Nothing, and from Nothing came God, and from God, Everything. All of Creation. A Fullness. An Existence. The Empty gave this, gave it all, and in return, asked only for sleep.
It’s dead.
with swollen words, with
“That’s the Winchester talking,” Dean says.
Dean pulls a few bills from his wallet, passes them to the vendor and takes their cups. He gives one to Cas. The two of them head back to the Impala, standing around and resting the peanuts on her roof, while Sam stretches his legs. The trees here are thin, but they’re as tall as buildings.
“What?”
She counts. Dean inhales, chokes, and exhales again.
“Thank you.”
“Tomorrow?” Cas asks.
but she had married him, had wed her soul to his. Had loved him.
He panics though, when the thing Dad’s hunting tracks him and Sammy down at the motel room. Dean had bought Sammy a chocolate cupcake at the cafeteria, to celebrate his birthday, and they’re splitting it between the two of them.
“Well,” Deans sits up. “There you go, Cas. We’re headed to the beach. About time we got a damn vacation.”
“I know, buddy.” Dean moves forward again, bringing him into another hard embrace. “Jesus — Cas, I — I know.”
What’s that line?
“What did you want?”
Cas makes a noise. It might be a laugh, but it’s something low and empty.
Sammy’s in the library. He knows exactly what to say. He’s got questions at the ready, and Cas answers them patiently, hands resting in his lap. Dean stands — half listening, half staring — a few paces back from where they sit. He fidgets. (He never got that beer.)
“Saving you,” he says, bluntly.
“Jack needed me.”
. Not for death – but for that blessed
“Like I said,” she tells them, “there’s a lot of military people here. They’re pretty transitory. Before that, though, were the Spanish explorers, I guess? And people like to talk about pirates, too. I’m sure there are stories around that. To be honest, though, I’m afraid Will’s steered you in the wrong direction. I really know more about the aquatic side of things. Uh, marine biology and the like.”
Dean wasn’t about to splurge out on those fancy rental umbrella-chair things, so they’re sitting in the sand, leaning back on a blanket they keep stashed in Baby’s trunk. Cas stands barefoot in the shallow water, his coat going dark at the bottom as each new wave crests against his shins. It’s got to be cold, Dean thinks, this time of year, even though the humidity has forced his own jacket off. Cas leans down, coming up with a half-broken sand dollar. He tosses it back. (Dean doesn’t join him.)
(“Are we going to talk about it?” Sam asks, two hours into their drive back from Hastings. He’s spent most of it texting Eileen. The sun’s out and cars fly past on the highway, off to whatever it was they were doing before Chuck vanished them. Speeding away, unaware.
And in between, they’ve all been looking, trying to find a way out for Cas. No question. But Rowena, when she deigned to visit from Hell, didn’t have any leads. And there’s no Death to appeal to anymore. Jack’s not been picking up the phone.
It’s fucked. There were so many apologies between them. Dean can’t remember the half of them. But he hears himself now. A dozen times over, answering.
Cas stands, walks towards him. Dean stays put. (There are stacks of books on the table, papers strewn about. Lore on angels, the afterlife, doorways between. How to shove through the eye of the needle. It’s been five months.)
“Again,” Eileen says. Her voice is steady, unhurried.
“I love you,” Cas tell him.
“I don’t know if I want to do this anymore,” Dean confesses. “I’m just – I want a break. I feel like I want out. Like I’ve done enough. Like
“You have – salt? Down the back of your shirt. Did you know that?”
Florida, here they come.
Then he smiles. Shakes his head. Tells that still scared part of him to go fuck itself. The world is theirs now. They did it.
“No,” Cas says, setting the shirt in his suitcase. He looks back over his shoulder at Dean. Sighs. Corrects himself. “Yes. When Claire and I spoke the other day, she asked if I would come see her. I agreed.”
, that this is the Righteous Man, Castiel sees only Nothing.
He doesn’t realize he’s sobbing, quietly shaking with it, until a hand presses into his back.
“Shit,” Dean sets the glass down. “What was that?”
“Typically? That damn sure didn’t feel harmless.”
Alice is working the front desk, typing away on the computer. She smiles when she sees them.
“Are they still in town? We’d like to speak to them.”
“I can’t stop thinking about this case.” Dean pushes his plate aside. “I can’t stop thinking about all our cases. This Alice chick – how many more are out there, like her? How many have we killed, hunted, without knowing? And I don’t mean the monsters, the animals, those ones. I mean, shit, I don’t know. Sometimes we probably could’ve –
Alice wraps the pelt around her shoulders. She walks until she’s waist deep. They can’t see her face.
“Sure,” he says. “Yeah, space. I guess you didn’t get enough of that in the Empty. That’s fair. Back a week and you’re sick of us already.”
When Dean leaves Bobby, he drives. He pulls over — after hours, weeks, years — on the side of the road. Sam is forty-one.
“I died for you,” Cas says again. “I love you.”
He starts the car. (Reaches over, presses play on the radio. The tape in it is familiar. It’s one he remembers making. He’s definitely not the one who put it there.)
“Right.”
“We don’t know,” Sam says. “I got her with the rock salt, but she didn’t disappear. Just dove down into the bay. We waited, and she didn’t come back up.”
“It’s got be a Woman in White,” Dean says.
“Jesus, Cas. I wasn’t going to ask that of you.”
Dean Winchester is dead. Castiel brings his hand to Dean’s chest, feels the heart racing beneath it. His soul is overwhelming.
After everything, Dean found the answer was as simple as reaching out a hand and feeling a shoulder return to being beneath his fingertips.
He stops himself.
New hands find him, grip him tight, raise him out. He still feels the flames clawing through his chest.
“We’re visiting, but, uh, really into local legends,” Sam says. “Stories and such. Do you have any of those? You know, like sea monsters or whatever that people talk about?”
Castiel watches from the treeline.
was not a feast to be devoured. It was a price. It was a punishment.
“Anyway,” Sam says, standing, “I’m gonna grab that shower.”
, it declared.
Dean tugs on his collar, moves to open the door.
(He’s driving.)
Dean wants to pull it all down, tear it apart. He’s just tired, though. He’s tired.
“Oh.” Sam looks at them. (Looks at the sink. Looks at them again.) “
Jack sighs. But he nods once, and he leaves.
, like
He notices that he has not passed a single person since pulling away from the bunker. It’s early, still. But that doesn’t explain the cars.
Cas looks blank. Empty. But his voice cracks when he says
what it would be to me, if you were to die. I couldn’t – I couldn’t handle it. Don’t be cruel.”
“Sure,” Dean says. They head into the lobby.
(Cas had whiskey last night. He drinks beer with them. He’s split meals with Dean before. He
“Alice, right?” he says when he spots her. “What are you doing out here?”
He helps Dean into the Impala. The view from the passenger side makes Dean feel funny. He laughs. His face is wet.
He’s not sure if he’s talking about himself. He’s not sure how long he’s been here, or when he’s going to pull himself off the floor. He doesn’t know.
“Okay.”
It’s his coffin. This time, though, he’s outside of it, pushing down towards it through the soil. His lungs burn, and his eyes sting, and he’s digging down, down, down, dirt clumping under his fingernails, until he gets to the door of the Roadhouse.
Shit. Dean scrambles for something to say.
Dean goes to the war room and pretends he’s not waiting for Sam to get back from his run. He’s still waiting when Cas enters, packed bag in hand, half an hour later.
, Jack thought, as Dean stood before him, firm and determined.
He’s posing as a wayward soul, teenage runaway, speaking with the priest in residence. He seventeen, so it’s believable. Dean grits his jaw when the priest calls him a kid and offers him a place for the night. But he takes it.
But he stretches an arm, resting it behind Cas’s head. Cas smiles, softly.
Dean watches him, one hand on the hood of the hood of the Impala. “You dumbass,” he says.
It’s a while before he sends Dean out on his own again.)
Dean pulls over to load up on gas before they head out of town. They’ve got a long haul ahead of them. The pump’s broken, so he goes inside to pay. He’s checking out – bag of Slim Jims for him, some type of weird-ass protein bar for Sam, and Uncrustable-shaped molecules for Cas – when he hears a voice behind him.
“I was here. You were fine, Dean. You were happy. You and Sam were good. I wanted you to have that — that life. Like you wanted with Lisa and Ben.” Dean’s jaw ticks. “You didn’t need me.”
Eileen continues.
“What?”
“Definitely our kind of thing, right?” Sam says. “Has to be another Woman in White.”
“Ben,” the husband starts, “I know you don’t want – ”
And that’s the kicker, isn’t it? All they’ve done, all they’ve ever done, and it all amounts to this. Nothing. An empty world. And they’re still waiting for Chuck to make the next move.
, man.)
The Empty has heard of Dean.
“It’ll be done soon,” Dean says. “I mean, if you want some. Did you, uh, sleep okay?”
Seat belt on
was, like –
“Of course.”
For a minute, there’s just the sound of the engine as Dean guides them out onto the road. Lebanon’s a small town, and the streets are quiet. He drives. When Dean looks over, Cas is peaceful, hands held in his lap.
There was a becoming, a forgiveness, a confession. For a brief instant, Jack heard no prayers. Earth stood still and Heaven looked down and Hell went silent. Purgatory folded in on itself. The Empty bowed back into nothingness, into sleep. And all of Creation turned their gaze from the divinity.
Dean looks away.
“You think it’s been easy for me?”
“No, Dean,” Cas says. “I can’t use my ‘mo-jo.’ Unless your plan involves me smiting some mackerel.”
Nothing.
Castiel has taken the lake into himself. The sun returns.
They hit the road.
Cas considers him. Sets his bag on the table. “I could eat,” he says, slowly.
They move back to give her some space. Sam goes to wait in the car.
“Nah, I’m alright. How’ve you been, Jack?”
He heads down the hall, to his own room. Opens the door. Walks inside. Counts to ten.
“The Empty?”
– here. Back. Alive.)
“Yes,” Cas said, “but we’ve watched this one before, Dean.”
There are no patrons in the library. The computer monitor whirs.
. The best.”
“Spicy peanuts?” Cas asks.
“No,” Ben says again, turning to Dean and Cas. “Look. I told the police. I don’t know what I saw. I – Christ, I was drunk. I had got up to go to the bathroom, and when I was walking back to the bar, I saw John talking to this girl. I looked away for a minute, I swear, I was just trying to find Jess and Dave, but when I looked back, they were gone. But, but John wouldn’t’ve – he wouldn’t have just
all of it
sacrifice
Sam shrugs. “We’ll hit the library tomorrow, check their local records. They’ll at least have the old obituaries. We can work from there.”
Castiel is — Castiel is not dead. He is not sure if death is attainable anymore. He is resting, though. He gardens, and he watches the sky.
“Fuck you,” Dean says.
. Jack saw all that was and had been and would be. Eileen, and a bunker of friends, a home, and children. Jack heard the
“You’re right,” Dean tells Cas. “I know. Hell, if I don’t know.”
Night is coming now, a faded blanket settling over them. It’s getting dark, but not like the Empty was. Not a blank darkness or a heavy darkness. The air is humming, and the wind rustles at their clothes. If Castiel cranes his head, he can see all the flickering constellations, an inverse reflection of those in the Earth’s sky.
He gulps back another shot, feels the burn chase its way down his chest, and hears,
, like
“What’s up?”
At the motel that night, Dean’s leaning back against the headboard, contemplating the ceiling’s growing water stains, when Sam stumbles across another case.
Then, in a low tone, perfectly in synch:
Sam chucks the book at him.
“Jessica,” Dean says. “We, uh, know this is hard. I just want to run through some of what you told the other officers. Um, you said you saw him leaving with a woman? In a white dress?”
Dean nods. Leaves. The door clangs shut behind him.
,” Dean laughs.
, he thinks.
“You shouldn’t have. I wasn’t always very good to you.”
Sam puts his phone away. Turns to face him. “Cas? What happened, man? Jack said there was some kind of deal, but – what happened? Why then?”
He leaves, and Dean collapses into the concrete.
“Shit, Sam,” Dean says. “He’s dead. Why does it matter?”
“I died for you.”
done enough.”
Dean stands, moving toward the car, and Castiel hesitates. When Dean opens the door, the cabin is empty. He slides in and flips on the radio.
“Jack, he — he doesn’t need you?” Dean asks. “In Heaven, I mean? Bet it’s a mess up there right now.”
She yanks again, and for all he tries, he can’t help but follow her further in, and down, and under. She holds him below the surface. He gasps, sputters, and the salt drags down his throat and into his lungs.
Cas stays standing at the foot of Dean’s bed.
“Yeah. We’re going to Jody’s.”
The nuns are there before he gets them all. And Dean knows he’s in trouble when he sees his breath, white and frosted, hanging in the air.
He could have done this without you.”
“Yeah?”
There’s a knock.
(Christ. Years ago, Gordon had said to Dean, “Know why I love this life? It’s all black and white. There’s no maybe. Find the bad thing, kill it.”)
Dean holds his anger in his right hand. He clenches it in the sand, the pressure travelling up his forearm. It’s been like this since the mark. Old habits.
This one, though. This one is special, not for being the first nor the last, but for the awareness that it contains. Awareness of what, the Empty does not understand, but a commanding, forceful awareness all the same.
Cas, though, is pissed.
The sun hits the road. The music rises. There are no more lines.
“Want any?”
“I hope she’s well.”
“No,” Cas agrees. “But they are known for being near the sea, and for searching at night. If someone’s taken their pelt – ”
Cas’s shirt is rucked up, and his hair has seen better days. (Dean’s heart has crawled up to his throat. He laughs – delirious, uncomfortable. But Cas is here. Cas is here.
Dean’s grip goes white on the wheel. He checks his mirrors.
“You got a lot of people counting on you,” Dean said. “People with questions, they’re gonna need answers.”
– Cas, he – I – ”
“They’ve got a hotel here. I’ll have one of the guys point you in the right direction.”
“Dean,” Dad says, motioning for him to come in and sit. Dean does, perching on the edge of the tub. Dad’s voice is level, calm but firm, when he says, “That can’t happen again, Dean. When I tell you to do something, you do it. And you shouldn’t have needed me to tell you. You know better.”
Cas steps forward. “You should know by now. You could ask anything, Dean, and I would — you should have called me.”
He walks out into an empty, waking world.
Dean laughs. They did it.
Dad comes racing into the room. He’s shouting at Dean to
He did. That feels important.
“Okay,” she says. “Okay.”)
“Me, too, Dean,” Cas says.
“Yeah. Yeah, that’s it. Shoot me a text when you guys get in. And tell Claire I say hi.”
Dean is pissed.
On that same precipice, Castiel turns to his other side. He can feel his form against the velvety blackness. The shape of him is held within it, and he is cool without being cold. His fingers twitch, and an unconscious hand comes up to rub at the crust in his eyes.
(This is how it’s always happened:)
Maybe souls are entities of love. Maybe souls are love itself.
“Yeah, it’s nice out today,” Sam says. He manages to snatch a piece from Dean’s plate. “Going to jump in the shower, quick. Eileen’s meant to be calling soon.”
how bad we’ve tried.”
The victim’s friends are on the third floor, packing. They’re not the partiers the sheriff made them out to be. It’s a woman, her husband, and another man. They’ve got two of those rooms with a shared door between them.
Dean could throw-up. He might. He raises the bottle to his lips. Drinks. Swallows.
“I understand, Cas — I do, I know what the kid means to you — but I — shit, I know this is selfish, man — but how could you do that? I thought we — and how could you not tell me? What did you expect me to do, Cas? Because I — I was a
“Great. I’ll make pancakes. Something easy.”
That’s not right. Dean doesn’t believe in angels. He tells her this.
. John Winchester is rolling in his grave.
It’s silent. For a good minute almost, there’s nothing.
“What’s happening?” Dean asks. “I’m driving and there’s just – no one. There are all these cars. Just empty, Sam – left on the road.”
It is not
The right direction is a Hampton Suites separated from the beach by a short boardwalk.
They’re back in Hastings.
“Your
“Shit, Cas, I love you,” Dean says, moving toward him. “I do.”
“That a boy,” John ruffles his hair. “Didn’t I tell you? You’re big enough now, and you’ve got the right instincts.”
. He can’t believe it. He really can’t.
Their detergent is the powder stuff, and Dean has to scrape from the bottom of the cardboard box to get any out. He dumps it in.
(Dean doesn’t sleep. He stares up at the ceiling. Tries not think.
“Yeah,” Dean says, nodding, like Cas has said more. Like they’ve been speaking for hours. Like they’re coming to a long-awaited compromise. Dean looks down. “Yeah,” he says again.
You’re pathetic. Your wife is not a dog. She’s not a monster. She deserves to know. She deserves
“Okay,” Cas agrees.
“Maybe. Not all the time, I don’t think. But today I will.”
“Saving people, hunting things,” Dean says, shrugging.
“I think someone – her husband, most likely – has stolen her pelt,” Cas says. “It keeps her here, human, unable to change. Stuck. It’s not uncommon. I’ve never heard of one being driven to violence by it.”
,” Dean says, slumped against the brick. It’s comfortable. If he squints, he can kind of see the stars. Or the streetlights. It’s hard to tell from down here.
now. You’ve made up for it, man, like a million times over. You – you deserve to be happy, Cas.”
“I don’t either,” Dean says.
of you, since before Kaia got back. He was the only one who texted me. And I know, I know he felt –
“Like what?”
This time, Castiel sleeps. It is not restless; it is without rest. It is not violent; it is without peace. It is not hateful, not cruel; it is without love.
at it,
But then the moment is gone, and he sinks back into the sleep, unaware, unremembering.
“He’s dead,” Castiel says, after a pause. “I don’t know how to — to be what he needs anymore. He’s dead, Jack.”
They move to leave. Cas halts when they get to the door, looks back at them. “I’m very sorry for your loss,” he says.
From the Impala’s passenger seat, Castiel watches Dean speak with Bobby. He takes in the shape of him, the clean cut of his face, the grip of his hand. The soft curve of his smile. His soul —
“Peace and freedom,” Jack tells him. “That’s not a question, Dean. You can have both.”
(“Well, hey, you said it,” Dean had told Garth later. “You know, who cares where happiness comes from? Look, we're all a little weird, we're all a little wacky – some more than others – but – if it works, it works. You got something here.”)
created
No speed limits, though. He stops for gas once. The station, like everything else, has been left to itself.
“Dean Cave?”
“There you go. That’s it. I started doing this after Lillian died. It’s not much, but it helps. Do you think you can do it with me this time?”
"Do you feel better, Dean?"
“You don’t have to justify yourself to an empty shop, Dean.”
“Fuck!”
Dean brings Cas down for a soft Cas and whispers, "Don't be too long, Bee.
"Well, we can take the room, right Dean?"
"You can sleep on the bed, Dean, I'll sleep on the floor."
Cas blushed and silently nodded at Dean. Dean sat next to Cas’ feet and pulled them into his lap.
“Um, that was me, Dean. When you, uh, touched my hair, I got flustered and made the lightbulb explode," Cas said, embarrassed.
“Castiel, Angel of Thursday, will you make me the happiest man on this planet and marry me?”
"Finally" he thought and was grateful that his brother and best friend were happy.
He was tired. Tired of hiding his feelings for Cas, tired of hiding who he was.
"Okay Dean, just tell me if you need anything, you still feel pretty warm."
Cas tilted his head in the way that always made Dean's heart flutter.
"Dean, are you okay? Your face looks red. Are you sick?" Cas asked, his head tilted in that way that made Dean's blush worse.
“What? Why?”
“It’s not my fault that you were too busy flirting to remember I’m here.”
Dean smiled and said, “Castiel, that’s a beautiful name.”
"But, Dean, you saved me in every way imaginable. You showed me what love felt like. You gave me a family. I've fallen, but in the most amazing and beautiful way."
His voice cracks as tears spill down both of their cheeks.
“Sure, knock yourself out, they’re really good. I think Cas could be a baker. They’d be really good at it.”
Dean pulled Cas up and smiled.
Dean gulped heavily and said, "Ye- yeah, I'm okay Cas, just feeling a little hot."
“I forgot my half of the cupcakes, but Dean if you want to know if you have a chance with Cas, all you have to do is ask-”
Cas doesn't say anything, but instead reaches inside of his coat pocket and pulls out a small velvet box and opens it. It is a ring similar to the one Dean gave him, but instead of a green strip it’s a bright blue.
When Charlie and Cas arrived at the mall they stepped into the first store they saw.
Dean kissed him softly and whispered, "Get on my shoulders, Cas."
Cas fell asleep right away, but Dean felt more awake than ever. The heat radiating off of Cas made him want to bury his head into Cas' neck.
“Cas, you are the love of my life. Ever since you gripped me tight and raised me from perdition. Even when I didn’t believe in myself, you did. You are it for me Cas. When you told me you loved me, I was shattered. Knowing that you loved me and not being able to spend the rest of my days with you was the worst thing I could have imagined. So, now that we are here and we have a second chance, there is no way I am throwing it away.”
"I love you too, Castiel. I've loved you for so long. And I'm tired of hiding and being scared, but now we don't have to be, we can be together, if you'll have me."
“No! You didn’t do anything wrong Dean. I’m just sorry that I won't be useful anymore. I can't even tie my own shoelaces. Why would you and Sam keep me around if I can't ev-.”
He turned around and headed back to his room, deciding not to interrupt the moment.
“What are you still doing here Sam?!”
Charlie went straight for the nail polish and started looking at the colors.
As if on cue, Charlie walked through the door and walked down the stairs.
Cas reluctantly nodded and Sam went to the car.
"Heya Lovebirds! I'm gonna take Cas here out to get some new outfits!"
"Hey, um, Cas, I hope you have your ears on, I need to talk to you. Well, I actually have to tell you something."
"Cas, please don't go."
"I miss flying. Don't get me wrong, my love, I would never, ever, regret becoming human and living out my life with you by my side, but I do sometimes miss feeling as free as I did when I flew."
"See anything you like, Cas?"
"Oh, I'm an angel, Dean."
Cas slipped away, to give Dean time to talk to his family. When Dean told his mother he was coming home, she actually started crying. A few anecdotes were exchanged about Sam's past birthdays and Dean updated them on what Jo was doing. Overall, although it was strange to talk to them this way at first, it became easier quickly. About twenty minutes into the conversation, he saw Castiel crossing the living room, arms filled with charcoal pencils. Dean motioned to him.
Charlie ended the band's set by throwing a bunch of confetti into the crowd and screaming "GO, GIVE IN TO ABSOLUTE PLEASURE!"
"Shh, Cas, it's okay. I forgive you. Come here. You are just fine. It's okay." He whispered, laying a soft kiss on his hairline.
"How long did it take?" Dean asked. "Don't tattoos that size normally take hours?"
"Oh man, Cas. It is good to finally have some alone time with you. The things I am going to do to you." He whispered.
Mary actually snorted a little bit too. Despite this, he continued.
Castiel cleared his throat loudly, took a huge bite of his pizza, then grabbed his messenger bag and began to rifle through it. He pulled out a thick sketchbook, with a cover that was covered in abstract doodles and stickers advertising a band that Dean didn't recognize. He grabbed a pen out of his bag too and opened the sketchbook. Dean stared at the doodles on the cover, a bunch of abstract lines that formed the shape of a bird. Of course this weirdo was an artist too.
"No." Castiel muttered, "I feel… wonderful. I feel full and warm and I kind of want to be unconscious again. My vessel was simply craving food. How strange."
"These kids are soulmates." Ellen said. "And not in a 'coupley' way. They've been friends since before they could walk and they're still thick as thieves now. Sam 'n Dean, well, I see 'em as my own!"
"It's a part of the Dean Winchester package. Stick with me and you'll get to reap all of the benefits." Dean said, smiling at him.
"But Dean, neither of us is in shape to drive." Castiel said, giggling some more.
"Not your type, Jo, he has a penis." Charlie said, staring.
"He would shoot us up and make us work. I was the youngest of Bruno's kids, so the worst ones got me. The younger they liked us, the worse the experience was. They did awful things. I did terrible things. I was always high though, so it didn't matter. It didn't fucking matter if I was high. One time though, he didn't shoot me up and I knew what was happening. It finally hit me… what I was doing. So, I bit the guy. I fucking tore a chunk out of where it really counts." Castiel said, getting more of his ghastly story out in one rushed, broken breath.
Cas didn't object. In fact, he seemed embarrassed. He looked away, out the window, avoiding Dean's gaze. Cas wasn't all seeing, all knowing, but he was a freaking
"Dr. Dean Winchester. I can't believe you're going to be a fucking doctor, Dean-o." For once, Jo is both good-natured and genuine.
They arrived back at the house and Castiel and Sam were sitting in the living room, intensely discussing something. When they walked in, Sam rushed over and wrapped his mother in an enormous hug. Her floodgates finally broke and Dean and Castiel watched helplessly as she sobbed on her youngest son's shoulder. Dean glanced at Cas and nodded toward the stairs. Sam and Mary didn't say anything.
"We really had them going." Charlie said, laughing. "I love this town."
Castiel actually brightens at the mention of this class, which was giving Dean so many nightmares and preventing him from acquiring his degree.
"Victor Henriksen." She muttered. "You might remember him."
Dean had one semester of college left, and really, it hardly would be like college at all since he'd be working at the hospital three or four days a week. Since he'd be interning at night and going to labs during the day, there was a chance he wouldn't get to attend many more parties (not that he'd gone to many to begin with) and more importantly, he'd have fewer evenings on the couch with Jo and Dr. Sexy MD, fewer on-campus lunches at the student center and less opportunities for the youthful exuberance that had made up his four and a half years at Collins College.
Dean pulls on his clothes and hears Cas in the shower, singing some god awful song, showing that Sam was apparently early for Dean's "surprise." Dean takes a look in the mirror and tries to smooth down his sex hair, checking his neck and shoulders for Cas-sized love bites. Castiel hadn't gotten any less aggressive in the last two years and last night they'd had a lot to celebrate, with Dean's grades, the onset of summer and Castiel's still-recent promotion to head case manager at his job.
Castiel was still sitting there, which actually surprised Dean, even in his drunken stupor. Castiel was biting his lip and his eye was twitching slightly, like it had the first night that Dean had been over to his apartment.
When Sam, Dean and Castiel arrived back at the house and Mary was still gone and not answering Sam's phone calls, Dean opened the bottle of whiskey he'd brought for "emergencies" (aka a normal day in the Winchester house) . The three of them spent the remainder of Christmas Eve day watching South Park holiday reruns because A Christmas Story made Dean want to shoot people. Dean didn't chug the whiskey, but sipped on it, allowing it to dull the sharp edges of pain and anger that wouldn't leave him.
They sat down on a couch in front of one of the Rocky Horror walls. Dean, still not in costume, but feeling comfortable enough for PDA, draped his arm around Castiel's narrow shoulders. After a few glasses of wine, he was starting to see the appeal of Castiel's costume too. It was definitely shaping up to be a good night.
"Sick! Dean! I didn't want to know that! Why the hell would you answer your phone while you were having sex?" She cries, making exaggerated retching noises.
"This is the best part." Cas drawled, slumping back on the couch. "Everyone gets shot. It's epic."
Dean suddenly felt ill. He knew the floodgates were about to break. He couldn't believe this was happening. Things had been going so well.
"You guys make me want to puke." Jo said, only semi-seriously.
"Get this though: the guy is a professor of sociology. He teaches the soc version of the class. Like, how serendipitous is that? He's going to tutor me and maybe I won't even need to come to class anymore." Dean said, a smile tugging at his face.
because he was in a rental car, and not in the Impala. Dean had almost driven the 2000 miles in his beloved car, just to give himself more time to prepare for the week and a half they would be spending in Lawrence with Sam and Mary, but Castiel had insisted they fly to save time, money, and mileage on Dean's "baby." In the end, he had relented. He still felt wrong though, strange to be sitting in front of this house for the first time in two years. He just wasn't ready.
That ass better have news with that cocky, presumptuous look on his face. He thought.
"But you're back, Sammy." Dean said. "And you're… you. I missed you so goddamn much. You better never get killed again." He reached over for Sam and wrapped him up in another hug. He felt Sam hugging him back gratefully.
Dean pulled away. "Cas, I said no. It's only 10:30. We have time." He said a little more sharply this time.
"Gabriel. Thank you. Thank you so much. I wish I could say more, because those words don't cover how much gratitude I feel right now." Dean said, happy tears springing to his eyes.
She was right, he hadn't always been mean. Until Dean and Sam were 11 and 7, John Winchester had always been around. He rarely drank. He and Mary kissed like teenagers. Something happened that year and he lost his job as a security guard and he started drinking more and more. Then he started leaving. When Dean was 13, he saw his father slap his mother for the first time. Dean wondered what had changed, if he was only mean when he was drunk. He still wondered this, but he no longer cared because John Winchester was dead to him.
Dean groaned again. "Yes. Goddamn, when did you start getting all bossy?"
"Go away." He moaned.
"Do you feel sorry for me? Do you like me?" He persisted.
Castiel groaned. "Dean, come on, that was a lame joke. Even for you."
"This is my favorite spot in the area. It's just a little place, but if you walk up this hill, there's this huge fucking rock you can sit on, and you can actually see the ocean in the distance."
"I feel like we're past that." Cas said simply, standing up.
"I guess we helped each other. It's definitely mutual. Sam said about a thousand times that you're the reason I came home." He said, loosely wrapping an arm around Castiel's shoulder.
Dean lay there in the dark, muttering his nightly affirmations to himself. It's not real, it's not real, you will get Sammy out, Bobby is in Heaven with Ellen and he's happy. Cas is right here. You're okay. You're okay. You will be okay.
"I love you too. You give that boy of yours a hug too. I was a mess when I first called you. Such a sweet boy. I will see you soon." She said, hanging up the phone.
"Shirt. Off. Now." Castiel ordered.
"I don't hook up in public places." Dean whispered. "Just wait until we get back to my place. I promise."
"Who's your lawyer?" he asked quietly as he pulled his mother's car around the corner. He glanced at her. She looked nervous, sick, and somehow relieved, all at the same time.
Finally, he spoke. "I will try to gather angels to my side. After all, I did once before. I cannot make any promises. Until then, you might try to contact Hell's new leader. He has a history with you and he might be feeling generous."
"I need some grub. You might not need to eat, but I do." He said.
"Is it that dude you always talk about?" Sam said sarcastically. "The one whose name you've mentioned 5 times in the last 20 minutes?"
"You should just leave me." Castiel mumbled. "I'm no good to anyone."
"Yes, and he's calling Charlie too. We both have spoken to him. He was crying and bitching and we both said we were okay with him just to shut him up. Which, don't get me wrong, we're
Castiel tensed underneath him. The subject of Dean leaving Plainville, of leaving Oregon all together was not something they had discussed too much. Dean hadn't wanted to discuss it. He knew at some point they would have to, but he knew now wasn't the right time.
"I know, I know… it'd be foolish. But this is a clue, Dean. Someone took over. Things are moving. That must mean… well, I wonder if Heaven has a new boss yet, now that Michael is gone." Cas said.
Around 8:00 pm, the four of them arrived at the large house where the Rocky Horror Picture Show party was taking place. They were earlier than the other guests because Charlie's band was playing and she and her bandmates needed time to set up and drink copiously before they performed. Charlie was always up to the challenge of performing while intoxicated.
"Are you going to do that the entire time he's here?" Sam asked. "Wink at him when you think I'm not looking?"
"At least he's not seeing Ruby." He repeated, trying to convince himself that Sam would only be in the hospital two or three days and that he'd come out relatively unscathed.
"I don't like making people I like angry. I told you, I'm a freak."
"You need a haircut." He said affectionately.
"You are not getting Cas. I want to talk about what other options there are." Dean said.
Dean swallowed. Ash had come home, but he hadn't.
"So I'm thinking about getting a tattoo." Charlie said, running her finger around the rim of her enormous margarita to get at the salt.
" He said, pounding back another shot. "I mean, come on! How often do you cry? Like probably three or four times a week. It doesn't even faze me anymore!"
After a few more of what Dean saw as false promises and a few more hugs from her sons, Mary went to bed, clearly rattled from a long night. As she ascended up the stairs, she apologized to Castiel for ruining his Christmas and promised, in a vacant voice, that they'd open gifts after dinner that night.
Dean chuckled. "And I've told you, probably a thousand times now, you're not a freak. Believe me, I know freaks."
Castiel cocks his head and regards the pile of dead Deans with indifference. He mostly is thinking that soon they will start to smell. Otherwise, they aren't affecting him at all. Naomi is so happy she laughs. Castiel just gazes at her with the same dead eyes he had when he killed the last 200 or so Deans. He looks bored and he doesn't laugh along with her.
Thanksgiving break had been wonderful, three days spent in bed, doing nothing but staying in bed, fucking, eating take out, and then fucking some more, followed by two glorious days in Washington hiking around Seattle and Mount Rainier, then three days of debauchery with Jo and Charlie on the empty campus. Sam had gotten out of the hospital the day they arrived in Seattle and Dean allowed his mind to be at ease for once in his life. Finals had come and gone, much easier than Dean thought possible thanks to Castiel persistently forcing him to study in lieu of sleeping or sex. Dean had aced them and now he was one semester away from graduating.
"Cas, could you do me one more favor?" Dean asked.
"I don't understand that reference." Castiel said plainly.
Jo stared for a minute, as if she was deciding what to say, but then smiled back at her, smoldering as much as she could. Dean felt sick. His sisters were flirting, but they'd already started drinking before he and Castiel had arrived, so he paid it no mind.
Around 6:30, with the pasta in the oven, Dean, Cas, Jo and Mary sat around the dining room table finishing off their second bottle of wine, when Sam came down the stairs, fresh from a nap. He looked more alert than he had when they had returned from Bobby and Ellen's, but his eyes still appeared slightly glazed.
Dean was almost convinced this was going to be the most humiliating brunch he'd ever attended at the Singer house.
"She'll get through it. Mary's strong." Jo said, her voice sounding as if she were trying to convince herself as well as Dean.
"Alright man, some booze for you, some soda for me, and a game for the both of us." Dean said.
"Because I'm an idiot." Dean said. "Sam, you're a part of my life. I want you to be a part of my life."
Sam actually guffawed, almost a little too loudly. "You? A freak? Look who you're talking to, man. This family…"
"Balthazar wouldn't lie about something like that, Dean. He may be many things, but he is not a liar. If he was, he would have told you he couldn't get Sam out, not given you his word to try to help or the hint about Crowley. He wouldn't have made any effort." Cas said.
They got back to the house and it was quiet. Dean found a note from his mother saying she was going grocery shopping in order to "feed all her boys" and Dean was slightly relieved that she wasn't sitting at home, dwelling, and waiting on their return.
"I'm hardly a man! What has happened to me, it's unprecedented! I didn't die, I became human! You don't know what he could do. He's the goddamn King of Hell, Dean!" Cas yelled, standing up from the loveseat..
Dean just shut him up by pretending his fingers were spiders, moving down the front of his boxers. Castiel just groaned as Dean worked out the rest of his kinks
They drove into the main part of town, where there were actually some decent shops, despite Plainville's small size. Dean didn't admit this to Castiel, but he had no idea what to get Sam for his birthday. That was one reason he had asked him to join. Castiel and Sam actually had a lot in common, and Dean wasn't referring to their collective batch of mental problems. Dean thought they were both weird and wonderful, and he was sure he'd think that even if Sam wasn't schizophrenic and Castiel didn't have enough baggage to bring down an airplane.
Dean lazily draped his arm around Castiel's shoulder. He felt Castiel tense up a little bit, and then snuggle up against him. Dean smiled silently. These were the moments he lived for right now, these small moments, when it was just the two of them and he could tell Castiel's mind was quiet.
Cas pulled away from him, to catch his breath.
and came over to the armchair where Dean was seated with his whiskey and his useless books and spirit board and picked him up by his throat. Dean gasped, dropping the bottle the floor while he choked for air.
Dean stared at him, open-mouthed. He had the sudden urge to slug Castiel, who was normally so meek and so gracious just to be in Dean's presence. In some corner of his mind, a sober part that was currently glazed over with whiskey, he knew Castiel was right, but right now, he just wanted to punch him. He was seeing red.
Brunch wasn't as embarrassing as Dean thought it would be. No references were made to Jo's preference for girls or Dean's current preference for Castiel. No one mentioned schizophrenia or Sam's recent brush with the psych ward. Bobby and Ellen didn't ask why Castiel was in Lawrence, which made it apparent to Dean that Jo had said something to them about it, thus proving yet again, that she was smarter than him. They talked, laughed, and told stories for two hours. Castiel was actually fitting in with Dean's surrogate family and Sam seemed happier than Dean had seen him in a long time. Dean wished silently that his mother was there too, but as long as John Winchester was still in her life, there wasn't room for her in the Singer house. Aside from that, things were going swimmingly, or so Dean thought.
"We are doing really well! Oh, I feel like it's been so long since I've seen that face. I miss you so much, honey."
Over the next two hours, Castiel attempted to teach Dean social theory. He taught it from a political perspective, which Dean appreciated, since he had to put it all in the context of "political thought." By the end, Dean actually could DEFINE social theory and the first two weeks of notes were clearer and not just a bunch of chicken scratch on a page. Castiel assigned him reading and exercises from the book, which the professor had been doing too, but Dean had never really put much effort into, since none of it made sense.
"Cas." He groaned through his teeth. "Come on, Cas. Keep doing that and I'll lose all of my senses."
"What do you teach?"
"Of course I did. It's Sammy, and he's not just dead this time. He's in Hell. I'd go back there again in five seconds if it meant he could get out. Except get this: Hell doesn't want me anymore. They want Sam. No demon was willing to make a deal with me. The ones I tried… they all laughed in my face." Dean muttered, remembering the red, laughing eyes of one of the Crossroads Demons he had summoned one day last week when he wasn't busy drinking and moping.
"I was freaking out. At first. Then I remembered how upset you were, how fucking wasted you were, and I knew you didn't mean it." He said carefully.
"He's doing great today. The Singers are taking him out for lunch today. Ash is so excited. He even came back from college for the weekend for it!"
"Charlie likes them."
"Dean, humans are works of art. If you knew how intricate something like your circulatory system is, if you really thought about how your body and your brain worked, you'd think so too. If you saw how beautiful a human soul can be, then you'd understand. You are a human, thus you are a work of art, and your form has always been a particular favorite of mine." Cas said, staring at the window.
Dean glanced over at it and as usual, it made no sense to him, a tangle of black lines, all intersecting, surrounded various 3-D shapes drawn to appear as if they were melting. Dean wondered what it meant, was dying to know what any of it meant, because Cas got so into it. Cas was currently ignoring him completely, his glasses perpetually falling down his nose, his brow furrowed in concentration. He bit his lip as he shaded in one of the melting triangles.
"I'm sure she's fine." Castiel said nervously.
"I can't help it. You have that effect on me. I never thought I'd worry this much about people I've known for two days." Castiel said, his voice quieter than it had been before.
"Yeah?" Dean called out.
Dean felt himself smile a little bit. It was true, he was in the best shape of everyone in the room and would pull off the speedo better than anyone else he knew. Castiel was too meek and skinny to wear the golden speedo with the bravado that Dean could. At least he wasn't in drag like Castiel was either. Jo also had a point. It
"What do you think of me, like honestly?"
"Sam, I'd like you to meet Castiel. Castiel, this is Sammy, my little brother, and the bane of my existence." He said fondly.
Dean couldn't tell if he was being serious or sly.
Bobby.
Suddenly there was a crash of thunder and a squealing, high pitched ring filled the room. Dean yelled and jumped under the table, holding his hands over his ears. Cas joined him under the table, his face contorted in pain as the ringing pierced their ears. Then as quickly as it started, it stopped.
"I'm just happy that my relationship with Dean's father didn't skew or permanently affect the way Dean handles relationships." Mary said, sounding she was reading a psychology textbook.
Cas just giggled and nipped at his ear. He drained his beer and stood up to go to the bar. Dean grabbed his hand. Cas turned and looked at him.
"No, but I went to him about six months ago to discuss the issue of John not signing the divorce papers. He said he could help, told me the first step was to get a restraining order. He likes our family, especially Sam, and once again, he's doing it for basically nothing. It doesn't matter if he's a divorce lawyer or not." She said, looking out the window, her voice far away.
Castiel doesn't even hesitate or watch the copy. He creeps up behind him and stabs him in the back with the angel blade. Another copy appears immediately , begging for his life as Castiel knocks him over and stands over him with an angel blade. Castiel just stares at him with dead eyes and stabs him in the chest, watching as he crumples and falls on top of the Dean he'd killed seconds previously. Naomi reaches into Castiel's mind for the hundredth time in just as many days.
It's a face she loathes, a face she cannot seem to eliminate from Castiel's mind, no matter how often she digs her claws into his brain. She sees the face of Dean Winchester, former sword of Michael, the Righteous Man, the one who motivated Castiel to act upon centuries of doubt and fully rebel. She was able to scrub Castiel's mind of the younger brother in three sessions. True, it had been difficult to erase Castiel's empathy for Sam Winchester, but it is proving to be nearly impossible to scrub away Dean. Naomi loathes the brothers. The Winchesters are the destroyers of archangels and the impetus for Heaven's current state of being. While the Winchesters as a single entity anger Naomi, the disdain she has for the elder Hunter overwhelms her. She loathes him, wants to kill him slowly and painfully. She hates him most of all because he is the first human that she has not been able to wipe away.
Castiel snorted. "Not particularly. I believe that if a class has that much rhetoric in the title, then it's probably a pile of crap class, scrabbled together by old men who have never left the classroom."
Gabe stepped forward, gave every woman in the room a smarmy grin and saluted to Charlie. The entire room burst into cheers and applause, with a few catcalls, that made Gabe's face light up even more.
"Dude, cool down." Dean said soothingly. "We can talk about this when you've sobered up a bit."
Two months after Sam had been dragged to Hell and Bobby's body disappeared, Cas and Dean finally found some of the answers they had been searching for, and it came when they least expected it. They came when they weren't looking.
"Asshole!" He screamed.
"I wish I was dead." He whispered
"Dean is what's bothering me." Castiel snapped. "Dean and his fucking hypocrisy and teasing."
"You shouldn't yell at her." Dean muttered as soon as they entered the large bathroom that Dean and Sam had shared in high school.
"He's a little better." She said. "He's awake. They didn't have to strap him down this afternoon."
Finally, after what felt like days, even though it had only been 4 hours, they pulled into Bobby's driveway. Dean saw all the junkers in the salvage yard and immediately felt an overwhelming, not entirely unpleasant rush of nostalgia. He saw the car where he had rescued Bobby from two angry ghost girls and the patch of dirt where he and Sam had buried the body of a ghoul. It was strange that these things made him wistful, but he knew as soon as they pulled up in front of the house that he was home, that this is where he was meant to be right now.
Dean could hear Castiel's voice quivering, but at this moment, he didn't care. If Sam appeared in front of him right now, screaming about demons, losing his shit, Dean would just smash a bottle over his head to knock him out cold.
He just shrugged. He couldn't say that right now. This
"I have to be, no matter how I feel." Dean muttered.
When we get back to Heaven, I am going to make that bitch pay!
"I don't know what it was, Dean, I have no idea why I am here, I don't know where Bobby is… I hate to admit this, because I usually know almost everything, but I don't know what this is." Cas said.
The next few days in Lawrence passed quickly. Dean showed Castiel around Lawrence and they went out drinking with Ash and Jo, which ended up being hilarious and a welcome break from the admitted intensity of being at Mary's house. Castiel helped Sam with one of his writing assignments, since he was going back to community college in January. Mary kept up pretenses of being happy, even though Dean could tell she was miserable. December 30th rolled around quickly and Dean realized that, despite everything that had happened during his short and eventful time home that he didn't want to leave. He didn't want to be 2000 miles away from Sam or his mother. The visit hadn't been perfect, but it had been exactly what he needed.
"You two really are broken, aren't you? Trusting a demon like Crowley more than Heaven? And you, Castiel, you really think this is your only option? I thought you had more fight in you. I thought both of you did." He said seriously.
"I'm just stretching." Castiel's voice was rough, but it had some humor in it.
They settled on Star Wars, mostly because Castiel loved it and Dean hated "A Christmas Story," which was the only other show on television right now. Dean hadn't celebrated the holiday season in a long time. The last two years had been spent in Plainville, sitting on the couch in his lonely, small apartment, drinking bourbon straight from the bottle, getting drunk enough to appreciate "It's a Wonderful Life." He'd call his family before dinner, drunk as a skunk, wishing them a Merry Christmas. He'd cackle merrily and tell them he was meeting Charlie's incredibly Catholic family for Mass later and his mother would bemoan him for "mocking their faith." Dean hadn't ever been mocking them; he simply joined them for Mass because he didn't want to be alone on December 25th.
More than anything, in the short five months they'd known each other, they'd opened each other's eyes, and in the process of facing their demons and popping their bubbles, they'd given each other the world.
"You're pathetic." The copy spits. "You're a power hungry, maniacal, and you think you're God, when really, you're a sorry excuse for an angel. You're a goddamn child, Cas. You ruined everything.
Sam just grinned. Little shit.
Castiel himself said that the Word "wasn't meant for angels."
"You're in your vessel because this is what it's going to be like down there. You will appear as you always do to him." A commanding female voice says.
Castiel slipped off his trench coat and sat down. When Dean saw how skinny he was, he felt a sudden need to shove several cheeseburgers into his mouth and then feed him intravenously until he looked less birdlike. Charlie was right about one thing though, the guy was attractive, and even Dean couldn't deny that. His eyes, despite their constant saucer-like appearance and the uncomfortable way they always followed you, were a shade of blue that couldn't be found in nature. The unkempt, almost-black hair added a sort of untamed feel to the graceless air he possessed. Dean thought he was cute, like a terrified puppy with beautiful eyes.
Castiel feels his heart drop even lower and he realizes what Dean this is. It's Purgatory Dean, the one that never stopped looking for him, begged him to come back to earth with him.
When Dean finally hung up the phone, he lost it. He fell onto his bed, his body racked with pain and he let the floodgates open. Sam broke his heart. He loved his brother so damn much, but he didn't want to be near Sam. It was too painful for him to see his little brother, once so handsome and smart, so popular with women, so completely broken now. Dean hated him for being schizophrenic, he hated his mother for leaving when Sam was at his worst and he hated his father for never being there at all. Most of all, he hated himself because he couldn't stand to be around the one person who trusted him more than anyone in the world.
"You're wearing a bra and underwear. How the hell will people know you're Janet?"
"You said that already."
Dean was sitting in the living room, reading about a spell to summon reapers, when he heard an exasperated scream and shattering glass. He was immediately up, running to the kitchen.
"Cas…" Dean muttered, feeling like he had been the one drinking all of the sudden. "Cas, man."
family life was rough.
Castiel nodded and began kissing him again and Dean was left with no other choice. Dean lifted him up, grateful Castiel was so light, who giggled and dropped his feet to the floor. Castiel grabbed his hand and led him into the tiny bedroom, almost dancing the whole way. The bedroom was darker and sparsely decorated, and they flew into Castiel's bed, pawing at each other, clothing removed quickly. They were down to boxers, suddenly Dean realized what was about to happen and he had to say something.
"You didn't care before?" Dean said. He found that impossible. Castiel was one of the most empathetic people he'd ever met. In fact, sometimes he thought Cas was too empathetic and cared too much about other people and how they perceived him.
Cas tensed up a little bit and opened his mouth to respond. He was interrupted by a knock on the door.
"Dean." Cas groaned. "If you still have to refer to it as 'ya know' then you are not going to get anywhere with me. This is the worst possible timing. We have to summon Crowley. We need to…"
"You're right, we shouldn't tell them." He agrees, even though he's not sure why. "I swear to you, I will keep it safe once I find it. Only Heaven will ever harness its power."
"Can I be restored?" Cas asked, looking away from Dean.
Dean sighed and finished off the water. He was still drunk, but at least it was out of his system now. And at least there was water.
"I never had that. Any of that. I was moved so often, that any lasting relationships I could have formed were cut off at the bud. I never had a fort. I never had friends who were 'soulmates.' I never had anyone who referred to me as making their life worth living." Castiel said.
"For coming back. For finally seeing me for more than this disease. For trusting me to take care of mom."
Dean glanced at Castiel who was standing behind them, looking anxious. Dean was relieved that he didn't look like he was about to vomit, which Dean had thought might be the case.
"Oh." Dean said. That hadn't exactly sunk in, even though Castiel had referenced it in past conversations.
" Jo said.
Cas approached the circle and began muttering in Latin. Crowley burst out laughing and saluted Dean and then he was gone.
Dean gulped and shifted in his seat, trying to look like he wasn't sprouting a huge boner at a family restaurant, with his two best friends sitting directly across from him. He knew it going to be a long night.
"What do you say we take this show somewhere more comfortable?" Cas muttered, toying with Dean's belt, and then taking it off.
"It's not admirable to be a busboy." Sam said, his voice dry. "It's easy money and there aren't many places I can get a job."
"He wants your soul bad, Cas. If he could just take it, he would have done it by now. He sure as shit wouldn't trade me Adam and Sam for you." Dean said.
"Alright Cas, I'm going in. The gold speedo is coming out for one song. Maybe two. " He said to him. "Burn this image in your memory, because this is the first and last time I will ever be seen in public wearing something this ridiculous."
"I know a spell that may work." Cas said. He looked slightly ill as he admitted this.
"I do though. Because I am failing this class and I keep missing it because it's at 8am and god, I fucking hate social science classes."
Then it occurred to him. He had heard of envy and he had just experienced it for the first time. He did not like envy. His passion for Dean was making this strange, unpleasant, and violent human emotion spark alive inside of him. He would kill for Dean. He would die for Dean. He might even kill Anna because of Dean. Castiel wouldn't say it out loud for a very long time, but seeing Anna's eyes as grapes to be squished and fantasizing about crushing her spinal column is what made him realize he was in love with Dean.
Dean released him and his heart fell even further. "Sorry." He muttered.
"Winchester, there's no need to deny it! There is nothing be ashamed of—you've nabbed yourself a fine, handsome ex-angel!" Balthazar said. "Now, enough small talk! I will explain my presence here. While we're at it though, let's just get this out of the way: if you try to kill me, bomb me with holy fire or send me away with those silly sigils you boys love so much, I will come back and rip your hearts out."
He does. Innately, even though he didn't know until this moment that it existed, he realizes its grave importance, simply because he
"Why does everyone keep asking me that?" Dean said. "I'll tell you what now, Cas. This. Exactly this. This is what I want. I want you next to me every night. I want to see you every morning. I want Sammy to go back to school and meet some nice girl and have lots of nieces and nephews for us to spoil. I want him to be happy and I want us to stay exactly like we are right now."
forgotten how intuitive and observant his brother was.
Dude was
"Shut up, you pervert. I am not some bar wench that is entranced by the handsome looks possessed by your human meat suit." Cas muttered.
"Ash still goes out there you know. He wants time alone with my purple bra." Jo interjected.
He wrapped his arms around Cas's waist and pulled him in close. He kissed him deeply, for a very long time. Cas sank into him, kissing him back.
Dean sat up and went and stood outside the bathroom. The door was closed and the light was off. Dean heard muffled crying coming from inside.
"In Oregon, it's cool to be gay you know. Especially if you're a hot chick. One reason I never want to leave." Jo said, grinning at Charlie.
"Cas… the way you are looking at me right now. Well, biology suddenly seems like less of a priority." Dean muttered.
"Hey Gabe." Charlie said. "What time are we on tonight? I'm trying to decide how much alcohol is socially acceptable for our set."
"Dean, it's okay." Castiel said softly, not looking up from his sketchbook.
"Dean, seriously, this is pathetic. You need to get up. You are not going to lie here all day and night and dwell on what happened last night. You have a genetics midterm on Monday and Charlie is worried about you. Most of all, I am fucking sick of your boyfriend calling me every five minutes." She said.
Castiel smiled back at him, a ghost of the smile he had earlier, but a smile nonetheless. Dean's heart ached for Castiel. Clearly the guy had been through some unspeakable shit during his life. Dean still thought he was dealing with it remarkably. Seeing him sitting there, those amazing paintings behind him, the strange music playing in the background, Dean wished he could convey to him that he was sitting here for reasons beyond pity and free tutoring. He just wasn't sure how to do that without risking breaking Castiel into tiny pieces.
The copy leaps forward again, slicing the angel blade through the air. Castiel is quicker this time and avoids it. He continues to back away, unable to hurt the copy. He can't believe that even two years ago he could almost kill Dean. He thinks of the alley. Maybe if he just beat on the copy a little bit, it would go away.
Castiel nodded slightly and loosened the grip on his beer.
Jo relaxed and rested her head against his shoulder. "So, what was it like?"
Charlie grinned and let her skirt fall down. "I told you guys you'd love it. It's not as ridiculous as you thought, eh?"
"I was planning on dropping by sooner than this, but you know… a King's work is never done. But then I saw that you went to Crowley and had to come by." He said, shaking his head.
Cas looked up from the book. "I agree." He said. "We've been here for far too long. This place is horrible too. I'd almost rather be back in Heaven with Raphael."
When Jo had come out in high school, everyone in their group of friends had insisted it was a phase. A few of them had quit talking to her. Until recently, her father, Bobby, had referred to that period in her life as 'Jo's experimental era.' The truth was that Jo didn't look like a "typical lesbian" with her long blond hair and affinity for sundresses, which Dean thought was a ridiculous reason for assuming someone was "experimenting." Jo was definitely into women and sometimes Dean felt like he was one of the few people in the world who was totally okay with this.
They called Sam's relapses and episodes "situations" and calling 911 for an ambulance instead of the police meant the "situation" was not out of control, not just yet.
"I don't want to get into it, Cas. I'm sorry man, but that stuff is personal, like too personal." Dean said, snapping a little.
"You're a male fag hag." Castiel said.
He stood up and began clearing the table, ignoring Sam and Castiel who were both staring at him as if he were the smoke monster from Lost. He didn't know if they were mad at him. Sam always got angry when he upset their mother. It didn't matter how right or wrong Dean was, Sam was fiercely protective of their mother, probably because he had never really known how bad John Winchester could be. This was because Dean had always tried to shield him from it. He didn't know what Cas thought. Dean wasn't actually sure he'd ever told Castiel about why he really hated his father.
"I'm great, mom. How are you?"
Dean blinked. The question seemed totally out of left field, especially since he thought Cas was more comfortable tonight than he had been since he had first met him.
"Did you know that people with schizophrenia
Balthazar waved him off as if he were an annoying fly. "But you see, not everyone was too upset about it. In fact, some of us were overjoyed by your innovative idea to say bugger off to Michael and Lucifer. Some of us like this world the way it is. The world like this, well, it keeps things interesting and it prevents both sides from getting too big for its britches and controlling everything. I mean, can you imagine? A world run by angels. Buh-oring!" He crowed.
. Going and driving, moving forward, on to the next. It’s all that he does. And Dean will not do it anymore. He won’t. So Chuck has to come.
“I don’t think so.”
. And then being covered, swallowed, taken. Gone.
Cas is sitting on the bed. He removes his shoes methodically, untying the laces and setting them to the side.
Sam cuts in. “Yeah, yeah, we haven’t heard from him. How’s he doing?”
Dean wonders if he should grab another coffee before they get on the road.
“That’s the spirit, man.”
But he pats Dean on the back, says, “You look a bit pale there, son.”
This time, though, is different.
“Look, uh, Claire, if you need to talk – ”
Will grimaces. “Yes,” he says. He continues. “I don’t know what you’re thinking,” he says, “but I met Alice back in high school. I had just moved here – my dad, he was working on the base. Alice was a local. We hit it off and started dating and, you know. Clicked. Anyway. I went to her dad first, before I proposed. It’s traditional like that, here. I knew he’d appreciate being asked. That’s when he told me.”
“Alright,” he says when he gets back in. “Nearly there. Want me to take over?”
Dean grabs the pistol off the nightstand. He’s practiced with this one before, and he’s good at it,
A phone rings.
Castiel was not an angel privileged enough to bear witness to the creation of souls. It is possible, though unlikely, that there has been no angel granted such fortune, honoured in such a way. Chuck, though, is vain. He likes praise.
“That’ll be thirty-six-fifty,” the girl at the counter says. Dean pays, grabs the stuff, then faces the man who spoke to him.
“I guess. The dork.”
Right, yeah. Take your time.”
Instead, he listens.
Dean salutes him, turning to go.
, it whispers.
Regardless, they are made. And they grow, and they fill, and they wake.
“You’re not that,” Dean tells him. “Don’t start that shit, man.”
, but
Cas sets the empty cup down. He meets Dean’s eyes.
(There’s Dean’s own breathing, fast but not panicked. He feels like a live wire. Like he’s brimming with the need to
They take Alice to the bay. She doesn’t say much on the drive, and she doesn’t ask for the pelt. Cas sits next to her, and it rests in his lap, draped over his knees.
“Yeah, I know.” She stops. “I was just calling to – whatever. I don’t know what I was expecting. See you around, Dean.”
Sam’s out on his run, and Dean’s cooking bacon for breakfast. It’s the shitty vegan bacon because Sam’s a dumbass who did the last grocery run, but it sounds the same in the pan at least.
Dad smiles. “Good man,” he says. “Come on, you can help me with the body.”)
Sam ignores him. Cas says, “Yes. Thank you, Dean.”
Cas is waiting for him in the passenger seat. (Still strange.)
“Sherriff Dunphy,” Cas says. He’s picked up some things up over the years. “I’m Agent Worley. This is my partner – ”
“Well, yeah. Of course. I’ve missed him, too, you know. And Jack. But — I know. How hard it’s been for you, these past few months. I mean, no offense, Dean, but you’ve been a wreck.”
(“Okay,” he says. “Okay.”)
“Dean,” Sam says, driving, eyes shifting over to him. “I know you’re hurting, but you can’t pull this shit. You can’t.”
Dean mixes and pours out the batter, back turned. It sizzles when it hits the pan.
This time, Castiel is whole.
Dean leaves him there. Gets in the car. The keys sit untouched in the ignition.
“I’m — I’m still an angel. My grace isn’t what it was. But then, it hasn’t been in a while. Even before the Empty.” He looks down. Smiles. “Now — well. Now I have a soul.”
