" Charlie says, after Sam gives her the short version. "You're telling me you've got a fully grown Dean and a little baby Dean paradox running around in the same timeline?"
Jack is with them. He is with them everywhere.
It takes an awful lot to say that, even in his own head, but he's too raw to lie to himself, and of course he's not fucking fine.
Cas removes his hand and stands up, but Dean is pretty sure he catches Cas' mouth whispering "thank you" to the stump.
Dean can practically hear Cas biting his tongue.
It's just Cas sitting in one of the chairs, thumbly idly through an old Greek text. The shadows under his eyes seem to be getting deeper, more human, by the day. He blinks up at Dean, frowns, and looks back at his book without speaking, a slight clench to his jaw.
Dean pounds his fist into the mattress. Once. Twice. He sniffs a couple times before abruptly sitting up and wiping his face on his flannel.
Dean looks at the bag on the seat next to him and hooks a finger in it, brushing the fabric inside. He thinks about getting a hotel room somewhere, the loneliness of his grief screaming from the kind of off-white walls he's been staring at his whole life.
"Yeah, exactly,
It wasn't a relationship, exactly, but a togetherness. Something that was theirs, intimate and important and real. It was Dean letting himself hope for something, and Cas falling, as always, into Dean's gravity.
Cas considers this, his eyes on the water this time, the gray light there refracting in the blue of his eyes; light on light on light.
Nobody, not even Sam, has anything to say to this.
"Modern zoos are better than they ever were in human history," Cas tells Dean while Jack skips on ahead of them, having caught sight of the sign pointing the way to the great apes. "But still complicated. They usually assist at least in part with conservation efforts, but…" Cas shakes his head. "A cage is still a cage the moment you know it's there."
The trees creak in the darkness. Dean hates woods at night. Anything could be hiding anywhere. It's a setting he can't control.
. Just like mom. Just like dad had done all their lives, over and over.
Dean nudged his face into Cas’ shirt again, eyes still shut. His voice was warm and sleepy, soft in a way Cas so rarely got to hear. Dean was always so warm, so human. He was so beautiful. It was unfair that Cas was allowed to bear witness to him like this when the world wasn’t.
When Sam was little, real little, barely walking, Dean used to sit up at night in a cold sweat of anxiety, just watching him sleep, worried in that empty, gnawing pit in his stomach that something was going to happen to him. Dean didn't know how to be a dad, or a mom, or whatever, and it just always felt like he was failing. Sure, sometimes Dean was annoyed and frustrated too, when looking out for his little brother meant that he didn't get to do what he wanted, but he loved Sam. He
One minute, Dean Winchester is forty-one years old, living secure in the knowledge that whatever other crap he has to face on a daily basis, at least he doesn't have to look his actual and literal past in the eye every day. And then this happens.
"And what about the people you save, Dean?" Cas asks mildly.
There is a deep down sense of something effeminate about it, down in the recesses of Dean’s old persona, the one he put on to - well, to overcompensate, if he’s being honest. And if he’s being honest, it’s John’s voice again, that tone of disappointment bordering on disgust. That look in his dad’s eye that Dean had always interpreted as meaning that he wasn’t living up to John’s expectations.
"I'm sorry, Cas," Dean finally says, hands still over his face. "I think we're gonna die here."
Dean’s hands drop loose and his fingers are shaking. “Don’t… Don’t fucking talk to me about Benny. You don’t get to talk to me about Benny.”
Dean finishes the bottle before he turns out the light and lays down on top of his covers. He only really sleeps under the sheets when he’s with Cas, which is stupid, but it’s too vulnerable without him. He can’t sleep if he’s not fully clothed and ready to go, not alone anyway.
"I don't think we get a happily ever after. I'm not sure I even get an ending at all. But sometimes I think… I like to imagine a day when the world feels safer, when we're needed a little less. I don't think I'll ever be able to stop, but maybe there are more moments in between. I've thought about opening a bar with you, a place for hunters, like The Roadhouse you and Sam talk about."
Cas bumps him with his elbow.  “Dean…”
Blood had been dripping down the back of his throat from his broken nose, he could barely get the words out and it was his heart that was fucking breaking as Cas’ eyes went right through him.
Sam flings an arm around Dean’s shoulders with no warning. There’s a grin on his face as he tips his head back to look up at the night sky. “I love it out here, you know,” he says. “You guys have really made this place into something.”
Now-Dean gets it.
"That's not happening," Sam says firmly. "I told you, we'll figure it out."
Sam raises his eyebrows. "What about me?"
It’s still the third month, in the bitter cold of Kansas winter, when Sam plops his laptop down in front of Dean at the kitchen table. Dean was reading Tom Robbins’
“Thanks,” Dean says dryly.
Sam's expression brightens. "Cornelian cherry?"
"He doesn't mean anything by it," he says quietly.
Dean doesn’t ask for Cas that night, and he’s basically pavloved the guy to only come around when Dean asks - which is just another fucked up thing added to the pile of toxic crap Dean’s got on his conscience. It’s just another night where Dean can’t ask and he’s made it impossible for Cas to offer, so Dean spends it like any other, drinking alone and passing out fully-clothed on top of the covers like he hasn’t grown at all over the years.
Dean tries to relegate his unease to a corner of his mind, and turns his attention to mouthing over Cas’ crotch, until he can feel him straining against the denim, his hand gripped tight in Dean’s hair and his breathing labored.
Cas remembers being floored by it, when he touched Dean's soul, when he gripped him tight and raised him from perdition and stitched him back into that body in the ground. It was overwhelming, how his soul showed his essence so clearly.
"Sometimes," he says simply, looking back up at Dean finally. He looks wary, maybe even nervous.
But… God. He thinks about the way he felt looking at baby Sammy. He’d never say it out loud, not to Cas or Sam or anyone, but it’s the most intense love he’s ever felt in his life. That desire to protect Sammy, it’s built into his very bones. He still feels it when he looks at his brother now, that engrained worry that he’s not eating enough, not sleeping enough. That Dean’s not doing enough to take care of him.
“Oh,” Dean says, tapping his fingernails against the blade. “Don’t worry. There are a lot of things I’d do to you before I killed you.”
But then again, what was he supposed to do? Fight back? Shoot his dad? Risk his dad ditching him somewhere for good, taking Sam and driving away forever?
Dean knows that life wasn't exactly easy back then either, sure, but young Dean isn't all gutted and hollowed out yet.
After being bludgeoned and cracked open by all the shit that's happened to him, being hit with the worst of his own choices, his own failures, it's like claws pulling his chest open wide.
Dean shrugs again. “Nah. Not much to say. I’ve killed a lot of things. Don’t really do that any more. Me and Sammy, we take a couple cases a year when something local comes in. Used to travel all over, but we’re getting old, I guess. Sammy’s got a kid now, did he tell you?”
The girl who called him over congratulated him on his hustle, laughing and not seeming at all put off by it, and then invited him to play pool at the table with her friends. The girl, Veronica, was cute - a blonde pixie cut and tight leather pants, a lip ring and at least one visible tattoo. Dean didn’t need a lot of convincing. It was nice, actually, to be in a group of kids close to his age. They were all in college, but aggressively not the greek life type, and they made fun of the guys Dean had taken money from.
Finally, Cas sighs again, and this time he does take a step back from Dean. “I’ll be back,” he says.
Also, what I said about alpha wolves is true, but a slight simplification. Ditto on the biblical stuff. This is bad scholarship, but as much as I might like to post a 3,000 word chapter on the absolute nonsense of anachronistic use of "homosexual" or other homophobic language in the Christian bible, I figured that's probably not what most of you are here for.
Dean lets out some sort of quiet noise that he just hopes Sam doesn't notice. Cas definitely does. He's got Dean's fingers in a death grip. Cas' whole arm is shaking now and he's pale and sweaty.
"I know," Dean finally managed to get out, the words coming out slightly cracked. He shut his eyes tight. He could practically hear Cas' thoughts rifling through his folders of Dean-related pop-culture knowledge, could tell the moment he found it and understood. Cas' hands pressed Dean tight against him for a moment and he kissed the top of Dean's head, mouth lingering.
"Hey Cas," Dean says, flopping into the chair across from him and stretching out to his absolute maximum to prod Cas' leg with one sock-covered toe. "Odysseus or Achilles?"
Cas is human now. Soft, and mortal. He gets cold, complains about runny noses, and is developing questionable opinions on food.
"He's a good guy," Dean agrees. "Dad had a chimera hunt, huh? I remember him talking about it, but that must have been…"
"And if there was a possibility of it? If you could give them their memories back now?"
life, not mine.” Dean turns back to his older self, and he can’t help the bitterness in his voice. “These people obviously want and need
“What do you mean ‘not exactly’?”
"I'm sorry, Dean. You shouldn't have had to do that."
Mostly, though, that pang is covered by relief. Dean is so fucking grateful that Sam gets to do it like this, that he isn't trying to raise a baby in the bunker surrounded by hunters and things that go bump in the night. Dean is grateful to get to be there, to be an uncle, and, at the end of the day, to hand Jude back over to his parents and leave the majority of parenting anxieties to them. Dean thinks maybe he could be a good dad, but he's too afraid he'd fuck it up again. This, being an uncle and something of a freaking granddad, is enough for him.
Dean looks away, back at this person he once was, but also this person he never and will never get to be.
Young Dean stands still, doesn't move as Cassie shakes her head the last time and pushes past him, leaves him. He watches her walk away, the only thing he had to offer of himself, his truth, thrown back in his face.
“We can’t keep doing this.”
“Are you familiar with what codependency means?”
Dean has always, always defended John. To Sam, to Bobby, to anyone who knew enough to comment. He always believed that his dad was doing the best he could, that John was a hero, out there saving the world. Dean had always wanted to be like him, even if he knew he wasn't, that Sam was more like dad than Dean could ever be.
Dean is quiet for a moment and Cas closes his eyes.
Dean shifted on his feet near the door for another moment, neither of them saying anything, just staring at each other in the way they always have, this palpable energy between them that Cas thinks must have been born at the beginning of the universe too.
And now, in this place, watching his demon self casually murder humans, Dean can't help but understand that all that self-hatred, that sense that he wasn't enough, would never be enough, it's wrapped up so tightly inside him because it all goes back to that dumb little kid with a blue ball in a hotel room in Kansas.
A lump seems to be forming in Dean’s throat, which shouldn’t come as a surprise to him, but it does. He nods mutely.
Dean's laugh was half-broken, but his fingers trailed up Cas' chest to rest close to his heart. "Don't worry about it, man. I checked in years ago, he died back in '06, hunting."
"Son of a bitch," he says to himself. "I taught him well."
"Have any of you seen Dean?" Sam asks in a passably calm voice. Everyone in the kitchen looks at him blankly.
“There’s nothing to say. I can’t do this anymore. You deserve better. That’s it.”
Dean tries to breathe, he really does, but Cas is talking to him as much as to younger Dean, right in front of Sam, and Dean isn’t… he’s not…
"You can, Dean. You're right - this is a fucked up spell."
Sam makes a derisive sort of snorting noise. “Says who? Dad? Dad’s dead, Dean, and literally no one else who cares about you could give a shit. Jack probably doesn’t even understand the difference, Charlie would be delighted, Jody and the girls just want you to be happy. You know Bobby wouldn’t have given a damn, and mom…” Sam falters for a moment, because they try not to talk about Mary. “Mom would still love you. You know that, right?”
“Yes, Dean?”
Two days of research later, Sam wanders into the living room where Dean is once again laying on the floor and older Dean and Cas are sitting conspicuously close to each other at the table.
Cas makes a sound that could be either a hoarse laugh or a noise of disagreement. Dean isn’t sure.
Once, years ago, when Cas was reading in his bed at the bunker somewhere in the realm of 2:00 am, there was a soft knock on his door and before he'd even answered, Dean had cracked the door open and slipped in. He'd been wearing sweatpants and a gray v-neck t-shirt. His hair was mussed, and the shadows that lived under his eyes were bruise-purple. He looked unbearably soft.
"Cas is dead." He lets the words hang on their own. His voice is close to catching.
Dean’s best work friends are an older anesthesiologist named Greg, and an EMT everyone calls Lu. Lu is a hurricane of a woman who came whirling into the ER one stormy Saturday night, grabbed Dean by the front of his scrubs, and hauled him out into the rain to help her and the other EMT wrangle a guy so hopped up on
Cas watched the rest of the movie. He still didn't really get most of it, but there was one line that turned over and over in his mind as he watched over Dean that night.
“Please stop saying that,” Cas says, and he sounds wounded. “You’re not going to die. I am not going to let you die.”
Sam goes, reluctance clear in the way he shoots a glance back over his shoulder at the door. Now-Dean's heart aches for this Sammy too. Young Dean ignores him.
This Dean is so transparent, the way he looks at Cas. "It's stupid for the right reasons," he says, grin impish again, throwing Cas' words back at him.
"Pull it together, Winchester," Dean mutters to himself. He's close to losing it, and he can't. Not yet.
He could tell Eileen, though.
Cas is silent for a moment. They're in a middle-class American house, nondescript and boring. Past-Dean is speaking to a woman, or something that looks like one.
He’s forty-one and he’s fine. Nothing’s happening to him. He’s a grown ass man. He’s been to Hell. He’s saved the world. He’s a lifetime removed from it, he’s fine.
(See the end of the chapter for
Anyone else in the entire universe, hell, the multiverse probably, wouldn't have put up with Dean's bullshit for this long. He knows that. He knows that he's completely unreasonable.
There’s nothing but time. Nothing but love.
"Sh," Dean tells her in a whisper, gently extracting himself from Cas and sitting up to pet the border collie's head. "Don't wake the boys."
Dean is making a kind of shrine, and he knows that, he understands what he's doing when he brings home some potted plants and rearranges them nervously on various windowsills. He reads the instructions they come with painstakingly - he's terrified of killing them, scared that if he can't even keep a plant alive it will say something fundamental about him as a human being. Plus, Cas would be so disappointed, he just knows the guy would get way too attached to his succulents, and Dean doesn't want to have to mourn some damn plants on his dead best friend's behalf.
Dean's prepping the ingredients for the meal he wants to cook, pleased to have Sam there, excited to be cooking for someone other than Miracle. "On the house? Not really. I've got a bunch of projects, but it's all stuff I can handle. Actually, though, I could use you for something. I've got some paperwork for licensing to turn the barn into a bar. It's all filled out and everything, think you could look it over?"
“I mean it.” Sam moves back towards the car. “If you’d rather go together or alone, whatever, but we’re investing in a professional.”
There is a moment where a tiny part of Dean is expecting Cas to push him away, the way he's always waiting for his bullshit to become too toxic for Cas to tolerate. But Cas is too good, too understanding. He is forgiving even when Dean is unforgivable.
“And look how that turned out.”
Dean hovers at the door for another moment before he asks, in a voice that is far too transparent for his own liking, "What do you even see in him? In older Dean, I mean."
Eileen raises her eyebrows behind Sam's back and rolls her eyes.
Dean poked Cas’ chest, his other arm already snaked back over his side, eyes shut again. “Why’s there a fucking goose in our room, dude?”
“You’re so weird,” he said, but it was fond. Cas didn’t mind when he said it like that.
Unending, unbearable.
"How much? For, let's say an hour."
And anyway, as far as Dean is concerned, love and violence have a history together. He tries not to let it eat at him, tries not to get into his
When Cas stops, Dean nearly walks right into him. He catches himself and does not go careening into Cas’ back as much as a certain traitorous part of his brain is insisting that it would like to. He has really, really, got to get a grip.
about this second voice. Dean gets a grip on the dizziness and surges to his feet, drawing his gun automatically and taking in the room.
“I’m putting you on speaker.” Sam taps his phone and sits down at the kitchen table, bogarting Jack’s open laptop. When he logs into his email and opens the attachments Charlie sent, he finds screenshots from a chatroom he doesn’t recognize. He skims first, hearing Charlie practically humming with pride through the phone.
“Have I got time to take him outside?” Dean asks, glancing at the near-finished dinner preparations. Sam isn’t a bad cook, and Dean has learned through experience that they get along better when they leave each other alone in the kitchen.
Sam jerks up, chair tilting dangerously backwards, nearly toppling over and Dean laughs as he hasn’t in a long time. Strange, how freeing it is.
It couldn’t save him forever though. For the first twenty years, when Alastair made him the offer, Dean told him to stick it where the sun don’t shine. Often the words had come out from a newly constructed mouth, his body miraculously whole again just to start the torture all over anew.
Cas knew Dean was teasing him at least a little, but the praise still went straight to Cas’ chest, warm and glowing.
Dean smiles, their quickfire banter one of the things he likes most about his best friend. “Maybe you’re just nice to look at.”
The grin slipped from Dean’s face and he slumped back into the pillow, chin ducking down and his fingers curling into loose fists where they were tucking against Cas’ stomach.
But God, it feels real. It feels like remembering forward, the way Dean gets little pieces of memory from the vision.
Mary came over to stand in front of him and she stroked his cheek just like she used to do when he was little. Dean closed his eyes, leaned into her touch the way he used to do then too.
Older Dean, Dean, and Charlie all snort in unison. Sam glares at them in succession, while Cas looks benignly puzzled.
"Two marionberry slices," Cas says, "And… two apple, and two chocolate mousse. Please."
(See the end of the chapter for
It just happens, for Dean, to be here and now.
"Wait." Dean is silent for a full minute. Cas let's him struggle to the words. He doesn't know how else to help him but to let him help himself.
Chapter Content Warnings: internalized homophobia, self-hatred, self-esteem issues, brief reference to past substance abuse, brief reference to past (non-fatal) overdose (not explicitly named but could be read as a suicide attempt), grief, allusion to past incidents of abuse, brief reference to sex work (implied underage)
Cas shrugs. "It might work." He doesn't sound hopeful.
"Not your fault, Cas," Dean hears himself say, which doesn't make sense because his mouth is lead. But oh. Right. There are two of him. Two too many Deans.
"I believe so, yes."
"Please stop talking," Cas says, a little desperately, and Dean laughs. He leans into the smell and heat of Cas and closes his eyes.
"Dad died saving you, Dean. It was… he sacrificed himself to keep you alive."
“What do you think about Wayward Sons?”
The memories don't play all the way through, don't make Dean watch everything, just show him enough to remember, which of course he does. Just because he doesn't think about it doesn't mean he's forgotten.
talk to each other. Apparently, the hazel trees are taking a little too much light on that side of the mountain.”
Dean looks down at his boots braced against the fender. "That's dad for you. Long as he doesn't have to look at it or it won't affect hunting."
Dean takes a detour to a state park where a short trail runs through the woods down to a lake. He pulls two bottles of the gross fancy beer he bought at the natural foods store out and slips them into the inside pocket of his jacket where they clink merrily.
They were quiet for a while. Long enough that Dean's fingers ceased to feel like ice. He didn't take them out from under Cas' shirt though.
Mixtapes and poetry. Dean is pretty sure he's seen marriages with less romance than these absolute fools.
Sam's laughter is the most joyful that Dean has heard since he got here, a kind of surprised snort startled out of him. "Shut up. I did not call you
I am not doing anything, okay? I just… I've traveled enough, but I hadn't back then. I would have wanted to, without the flying. You told me to be nice, so I'm fucking trying. And now, what, you think I'm being too nice? Pick a goddamn side here."
By the time they get back to the bunker, Sam and Eileen are making lunch for everyone. Dean notices, with the eye of someone trained to pick up little details, that Eileen is no longer wearing her jacket and that Sam's hair is a mussed.
"The only person I'm going to kill is you," the boy tells Dean.
All things considered, it could go worse. Jack comes back into the bunker all tan from the Sierra Nevada and Mojave desert sun, and the first person his eyes land on is younger Dean.
Dean raps the back of his fingers against the steering wheel. “Stupid,” he mutters aloud to himself. The sheer calamity of it is almost funny. Dean spent twelve years pining over the guy, and now he’s trying so hard not to fall apart everyday to the memory of Cas saying “I love you.”
Sam is gripping the steering wheel too, trying to keep them from careening off the road or into the other lane. The highway is blessedly empty but they are hurtling down it at nearly top speed.
"Is it a dream?" Cas asks.
"Sam, Jesus, what are you talking about? We're not gonna just ditch dad."
"How could I forget?" Dean mutters.
"I finished the translations of Chiron's journals last night. Nothing about uncoupling the marksman's arrow and a soul," Cas says to them both.
of it. It's the winter tourists, the skiers, the college kids. Everything is bright and fast and capitalistic, and land out there is expensive. Even so, if Dean could have found something close by, he probably would have stuck it out just to be close to Sam, who is obviously excited by the health food stores and university and everything else. But Dean goes to look at a couple places in the area while they are out there getting a feel for the land, and ends up driving for a while just to think about what they are actually doing, to try and process or whatever. He ends up about an hour north, stopping when his stomach rumbles outside another small college town in Wyoming. It's only sixty-something miles out, nothing to Dean who has lived most of his life on the road, but the vibe out there is different. He passes cattle ranches and mountains and looks up at the big, blue sky all around him and feels something settle. The fact that he just ate one of the best burgers of his life didn't hurt, nor did the cowboy emblem that kept cropping up on everything near Laramie.
A few months after the shirt (Cas keeps it, he just doesn't wear flannel much), Dean has one of his screaming nightmares. The last time Sam tried to wake him up, Dean nearly shot him (Sam ducked), and Dean made him swear not to try again.
Garth picks up on the fourth ring and there’s the sound of laughing children in the background. On speaker phone, he sounds pre-occupied. “Howdy, boys.”
And Dean watches the absolute last bit of light in his own eyes go out, watches himself fall to his knees at Cas' side where Lucifer has left him sprawled on the ground. He can't even look at his own memory's face - it's the face of someone in the act of giving up. Someone who is ready to let the world burn, someone who is ready to die.
They all look at each other. Older Dean wags a half-seasoned chicken breast at Jack. “First of all, no. Don’t go drawing attention to yourself using power like that right now. Second of all, also no, because you know that shit never turns out well for us and you’d probably create some half-crazed Frankenstein’s monster that looks like a giant guinea pig. Third of all,” older Dean turns the chicken on Dean. “Yeah. Jack’s got that kind of juice. Sometimes.”
"First Corinthians 12," the priest said without pause. Dean was pretty damn familiar with the Bible by this point - it would have been asinine not to be - but he couldn't pull up the passage before the priest started quoting it to him.
And Dean just
"I love you," Cas said, his own voice choked. He spoke it into Dean's hair. "I love you."
“No you’re not,” Sam had said patiently. It was 10:00 PM which was late for the parents of a young child, but fairly early for one of Dean’s mental crises.
Content warnings in end notes.
"I don't understand," Dean says finally, angrily, still restless as he treads the carpet.
Now-Dean sneaks a glance at Cas, because he can't help it. He's surprised to see that Cas' own fists are clenched at his sides, the tenderness gone from his face. He's glowing a little more brightly, like his grace is bursting to be used.
When Cas reappeared somehow - thanks to Chuck, he knows now, with an unsettling feeling in his gut at the strange and unpredictable generosity of his father - things were… different. He’d been brought back different, and so had Jimmy. Or, rather, Jimmy
After a minute, Cas says "
Dean laughs again, settling back against Cas' shoulder. "Well, eleven-year-olds everywhere are so grateful he was overruled."
Dean looks over at his empty hand and the can of paint sitting next to it. He feels like Cas probably would have had strong opinions on the precise shade of white Dean paints their home. Because that’s what this would have been, probably, if Cas had lived after that confession. Dean would have found his tongue eventually, when he’d calmed down and Cas wasn’t about to die. Dean would have said it back. They’d be here or
it. The part of him that had been broken by over one hundred years in Hell had just been… lifted.
Dean had been afraid of needles back then, afraid of doctor's offices, afraid of the wooden tongue depressors kept in a jar on the desk. What a luxury it was, to have a child's fears.
Sam makes a face at him, nose and forehead crinkled up in exasperation. “Dean. If this like, core wound shit for you -”
That even though he wasn't born to earth like Anna was, this is just his form on earth now, because it's the form he prefers. He can barely imagine what it would be like to take another vessel, even though he could, even though maybe, if he picked a different kind of body, he could have the things he wants.
"Not since dinner last night," younger Dean says with a shrug.
(See the end of the chapter for
As the things inside him ate and ate and grew and multiplied, his stomach began to swell with them. Dean could only writhe, crying out and watching as his distended belly stretched his skin. He was as round and enlarged as a third trimester pregnancy when his stomach burst. Hundreds of pale wriggling maggots spilled out of his concave stomach, a nightmarish birth, still more of them working their way through his insides.
"How's he doing?"
Dean takes a moment to answer, running his finger around the lid of his cup before taking another couple gulps. He wishes it was whiskey.
Now-Dean can't move. He can't think. He's still completely frozen in what is either shock or embarrassment or shame, or some combination of it all.
Dean's quick breathing continues for a beat and his nails dig deep into the skin of Cas' hand. Then suddenly he lets go. His shoulders slump and his breath turns into something that sounds suspiciously like a sob.
On Cas' advice, they take their food and coffee to go and Dean drives a little outside town to a lake. There's a park with a public pier and they sit on a bench overlooking the water to eat.
Sam sighs again. "Look, don't laugh it off, alright? Stuff like running, or yoga, or meditation - all of that helps me calm down. Like when I'm actively about to freak out, but also, doing it regularly helps me just stay grounded. And dietary stuff too - it's part of the whole mind-body thing. You know, your gut literally plays a part in your mood, so it can make a difference what you're eating. At least, it does for me.
Heaven is different than Dean remembers. It’s perfect, but not in a creepy way. It’s just… nice. It feels good, and not like any memory Dean can call to mind.
"Finally. Zeppelin, man."
Dean laughed, shaking his head, his tiny smile fond as his eyes flicked over to Cas. "You wanna play hooky with me in the woods?"
"Why would other Dean freak out if you're saying him and Cas are already together?" Dean finally asks the floor. He's still got his arms crossed about as tight as they'll go.
“Hey,” Sam says, picking up on the second ring. Dean can hear Jude screaming in the background.
Light is, like most lay parlance, an inadequate human characterization of the underlying phenomenon. It isn't necessary to know how light works in order to appreciate it or use it, and so most people who are not physicists don't bother to learn, the same way that only a tiny percentage of earth's population really understands the internet. It's somewhat immaterial. Monkeys don't need to define gravity in order to fall down, after all. Light
General upfront warning that the Deans use some misogynistic/ableist language/concepts. It's intentional, and definitely not meant to condone their use.
So Dean had spent three weeks cobbling together a business plan and some half-assed thoughts about a future because apparently he was going to have one of those. Because apparently, all those years Dean had spent hating himself and burrowing deeper into the familiar crevices of his negligible self-esteem, Cas had spent all those same years loving him. It had to mean something, because Cas had used his dying breaths to tell Dean, had been so damn happy to die just to say it.
Content Warnings: internalized homophobia, implied past sexual abuse (non-explicit), referenced past sex work (non-explicit, implied underage), reference to canon-typical violence
Dean shrugs, body still locked up tight. “Honest answer, doc?”
"Damn, Sammy, speaking of Heaven, this must be yours."
"You deserved to be saved," Cas says insistently.
“I think you are dealing with a lot of depression and anxiety, both of which might be helped by an antidepressant. It’s not a cure, it likely won’t fix much on it’s own, but I suspect that if we find the right prescription for you, it may help you to feel more clearly and without so much pain. In addition, there are medications you could take as needed in the event of a panic attack. Although prescriptions like Xanax do tend to have a danger of addiction, so that's something we'd want to be careful of. And then there are medications that might help you sleep and reduce your risk of nightmares, or of acting them out.”
All the same, it's not like Dean doesn't understand this is healthier for them. He's watched Sam's relationship with Eileen grow and deepen, the way they have in-jokes and codes and shared secret smiles. It hurts a little, but mostly Dean is happy for them.
"Uran-" Cas breaks off. "Ah."
And Dean just… does.
Light exists as both a particle and a wave, a duality that is necessary, that is in fact demanded by the universe. But it is always light.
No Cas yet, either. No one who looked at him like this, who noticed when he was drifting too far off in his own head and pulled him back.
Dean has to close his eyes again. He doesn't want to see anything - not his brother's hurt, angry face, not the beauty of the earth laid out before them. There's a slight buzzing in his head that's been intruding in on his thoughts every now and again, this static that makes everything slow and heavy and hard.
Dean might die in three weeks. Big surprise. Hell, who knows, he might not even make it that long if something else gets to him before the stupid frikkin' curse. Dean's really over being cursed.
and who else was gonna do it?
Sam sighs, running his  hand through his ridiculous hair again. "Sorry about Dean - I mean, uh, the other Dean, you know. He's just freaked."
Even then, he’d known what a hopeless thought that was, knew even as it shook him to think it. But Dean was warm and kind and good, with patient hands and steady breaths, and he liked to teach Cas things, was good at teaching him about being human. Cas had thought Dean would probably be good at teaching him this too.
So he makes appointments for Sam when he can, goes without food if he has to, whatever it takes to keep his baby brother alive and happy.
"Bullshit," he mutters again. He doesn't know why he's having this conversation. It's none of his business, this isn't his timeline anymore. But fuck it, of course it bothers him that his future self is such a dick, that older Dean has Cas and Sam and a home and whatever this weird thing is with their "kid" Jack, and he's still not happy. It doesn't seem like such a bad future to Dean, even if, okay, he knows that they've all been through some shit.
Dean does his best not to sniffle. “Dammit, Cas,” he says. He can’t get anything else out without his voice breaking.
At least he'd laid Cas down in a beautiful place. At least he knew where to put him to rest.
He crumples the receipt up and tosses it in one of the bags in the backseat. It's been a long time since he had a one night stand or a hookup in a dirty bar bathroom. It's just not what he wants anymore. That freaked him out at first, when he realized one day seemingly out of nowhere that it had been years since he'd hooked up with a woman. Since he'd so much as kissed anyone besides Cas. But it's been more years since that realization, and Dean's sort of adjusted to it.
"We're in Kansas, in an underground bunker that belonged to a secret society called The Men of Letters. They're basically nonexistent in the US now, but once they kept all the info on monsters. Uh, let's save the full story of how Dean and I found this place for another time, but, basically, dad's father was a member which means we're legacies. The place was abandoned and incredibly well-protected when we found it, so… we live here now. We're still on the road a lot, but… this is home.
Sam sighs and lets the matter go, for the moment. What else can he do? He can't force Dean to talk, not without risking an explosion, and they can't afford that right now. But of course, Dean will just explode some other way if Sam can't get him to talk. He knows his brother. They each have their own way of dealing with the worst, their own warped survival mechanisms.
of Dean, who hunts and lives with him and has his back, just like he always did when they were kids. Dean wants this weird bunker where he feels safe, wants this home, wants the stability of it. He thinks, curled up on his side with tears squeezing past his closed eyelids, that, fuck it, he might even want Cas. He wouldn't mind, at least. He wouldn't say no, if Cas asked, if that was what he wanted, if it meant Dean could be a part of all of their lives.
Fourteen-year-old Dean quietly takes the Arkansas plates while John is zipping up his bag, and when Sam comes out of the bathroom he hands them to him.
“Hamish, if that’s who it is, has really been very helpful,” Molly, the owner of the mansion says earnestly. Lynne, her “roommate,” nods in agreement.
Something painful flickers across Sam's face again and Dean feels bad for his glib words, his big brother instinct kicking in again even though this Sammy is eleven years older than him.
Eileen is asleep in their bedroom. She’s still healthy as a horse, and Sam is pretty sure she’ll live another twenty years that way, bullying their son into taking care of himself as much as he takes care of her. They’ll miss him, and he’ll miss them, but they’ll be alright. They’ll carry on.
There is a sudden crash, followed by a string of curses and screaming, which is pretty much the cue. Sam kicks the door in, and Dean follows after him as they barrel in to a dimly lit corridor.
Cas leaned over Dean and put his drink on the bedside table next to Dean's empty glass. "Music is a means of expression, usually about what the artist is attempting to render, but its meaning is also registered in how it is encoded by the hearer. You were trying to share something about your own feelings in the music you care about. I'm sorry, we can return to the albums you picked out now."
The Castiel here with him, in Dean's head, holds his gaze. They stare at each other in silence.
rupi kaur writes. And this isn't like class poetry.
"So imagine my surprise when I heard a little rumor -" and Dean remembers too, remembers exactly the shift and how it had started to hurt. "That famous Dean Winchester had a little secret. What a sweet surprise to learn that you were a nice receptive little bitch." And past-Dean doesn't understand yet, but he at least realizes something is wrong and tries to shove Constantine off of him. "You know the best part?" Constantine goes on, pinning down Dean's wrists. "He really was into you. It's so easy, when their body's already hot for someone."
Dean huffs a little laugh. “That’s Sammy for you. What did he tell you, anyway?”
Dean has always loved the feeling of their bodies meeting like this, the way their warmth pools together between them. Cas' hands run down his back and Dean, just this once, lets himself think about how much he loves those hands. He's mildly obsessed with them, how broad Cas' palms are, how they are big hands capable of such gentleness. He loves being caressed and manhandled and fucked by Cas' fingers. He loves driving alone with Cas in the Impala, their fingers tangled together, the way Cas understands Dean's need to commune with the open road. He loves falling asleep with Cas' fingers stroking through his hair, the way it seems to relax Cas too.
“Yep,” says a voice.
Sam nods. “Okay. So. Utah, then.”
Four-year-old Dean is still bouncing the ball off the wall as John lowers his face into his trembling hands.
"I'm not a doctor," Cas says, straight-faced. He's looking back at his phone. "It was an honorary degree. Completely ceremonial and not remotely relevant to any field of medicine."
Wait. What?
It's not like he blames John for everything that came after. Not everything. But this feeling that Dean has all the time, this need in him to
"And Bobby?" Dean reminds him, letting the topic of their dad go with some relief. Things between John Winchester and his oldest son have been… strained, back in Dean's timeline. Things were bad after Sam left them for college, and pretty soon Dean and his dad were barely hunting together, mostly meeting up every few weeks so John could pass on orders and hand off jobs to him.
“I was thinking… I…” Dean’s throat closes tight around the words. He told Cas, just to test the waters, and then Hank, to see if his therapist thought he was crazy for suggesting it. But it’s different with Sam. Dean’s little daydreams, the research he’s done over the past couple of weeks, sound absurd in his head.
“Yeah, Dean, I tried the airplane thing.” Sam sounds exhausted.
“Sorry kid, I’ve got more practice,” older Dean says, not unkindly, when this is decided. They don’t know for certain what will happen if older Dean blocks the arrow with one of the cherry clubs. Cerodicus might shoot another arrow, or the same one will just keep coming at him like a homing device, or it might recognize that there is another soul on earth that looks the same and go for that one next. So older Dean will be in one location with Sam and Jack, while Dean and Cas wait in another. Once Cerodicus shows up, older Dean will toss the last piece of the vase to Jack, who will use whatever powers it is that he has to put it back together. Older Dean will, theoretically, keep blocking the arrow(s) while Sam performs a ritual that will, hopefully, bind Cerodicus back into the vase.
"No, I don't." Cas sighed. "I think we die bloody. But I wish I could give you something else." He covered one of Dean's hands where it rested on his side with his own.
"Cas, answer your damn phone. Call me back, you dumb son of a bitch."
"Thank you," Cas murmured, pressing his lips to Dean's cheek.
"I would never tell anyone your secrets without your permission," Cas says. "Not even Sam."
Dean nods. He's not sure he's capable of speaking at the moment.
Slowly, Cas nodded, his own gaze intense as he appraised whatever he was seeing on Dean's face. Dean removed his hand and Cas kissed him again, sloppy and eager and it felt fucking nice to be
"Do you have any friends outside of hunting? Anyone you've met since moving out here?"
"Yeah, I know." Sam pokes the toe of one shoe into the ground disturbing the dirt and turning up a few pebbles. "Except… Honestly, Dean, I was afraid that if I opened up to you about my… sexual trauma, or whatever, then you might feel like you couldn't tell me about yours, because you'd want to take care of me, wouldn't want to overshadow me or trigger me or whatever. And I guess that's about me, not wanting to overshadow or trigger you. 'Cause that's what we do, right? Hurt each other by trying not to hurt each other. And I'm coping, okay? I promise, I'm coping. But the things you've got locked away, you don't deal with them. You don't have to tell
Cas continues to stare at him in the silence.
It had been a betrayal of sorts to die. It had been Cas leaving Dean, the way everyone has always left him.
Cas straightened from the table, empty-handed, one eyebrow raised. "Look, I've just put them in order by date," he said defensively. "Surely that's simpler than whatever you're doing."
"Oh." Cas shrugs. His ridiculous trenchcoat rustles. "It's a strange power. I can feel souls that are close to dying. It's like looking down on earth and seeing all of the fruit ripe enough to fall off the vine, knowing they need to be harvested or they'll fall to the ground and rot there, as ghosts, turning slowly mad. I'm trying not to use any of the other powers. I'm just… trying to sort out what Billie left behind."
Sam snorts into his arm and Cas looks faintly pained.
The Visible Reminder of Invisible Light - T.S. Eliot's poem "The Rock".
“Kinda like naming him for mom, though,” Dean had pointed out. “She used to sing us that song, you know.”
This one is different. Castiel can tell that this one is different from the way Dean’s shoulders roll back. Dean’s expression, which had been opening up - forcibly, devastatingly, but still opening - falls, flattens, tries to undo itself into something blank and impenetrable. Cas notices, can’t help noticing, that it doesn’t quite work. Whatever mechanism inside of Dean that let him shove his feelings up into some deep, dark, unreachable place, it’s broken or breaking. The box is waterlogged, cardboard in a storm, it can’t contain him.
“Yeah, I guess.”
, but it feels both too obvious - he’s an angel after all - and carries other weird connotations that may or may not apply but are not what Dean is trying to name. Dean likes that Cas is weird about plants, that he’s taking such pains to care for living things. Cas is nice, and whatever he said about not looking for niceness himself, it’s a novelty for Dean. He’s used to rough and tumble hunters, to their dad, even to his Sammy who was a nice kid but sure grew up to have a temper. Dean is tough, tough as nails, but… Sometimes he wonders who he would have been if he didn’t have to be that way.
The photo makes Dean feel something funny in his stomach. He doesn't know what it is exactly. Loneliness, maybe.
Dean blinks. The walls are shaking and cracking around them. Dust settles over them both and Dean coughs.
“And have you break your hand again? Absolutely not.”
"Dean," Cas says, trying to put the apology he knows Dean won't let him get out into his name. "You did not fail me."
It's a little looser than Dean would like, but everyone else seems comfortable, like this is a normal, low-risk outing they're taking, so Dean sure as hell isn't going to act worried. Anyway, it's not like he hasn't dealt with vamps before. He and dad have cleared out a couple nests themselves, and he's taken the heads off a couple lone bloodsuckers.
Cas' fingers slide beneath Dean's cheek and tilt his face up. Cas looks down at him with such earnestness, so much tender affection that it could absolutely wreck Dean.
Dean laughs a little. "Depends how you want to count things, I guess. I've known him for like thirteen years now. We, uh, we were friends for a long time before. And then I guess we started, uh…"
Dean lets himself smile a little. He'll take semi-alcoholic any day. "Sounds like Bobby."
“Never mind that,” Dean snaps, arms crossed as he levels his glare at the one-time king of Hell. “What did you do to him?” He jerks his thumb at younger Dean.
“But first of all,” Sam interrupted. “Even if you do fail this test, which I doubt, it doesn’t mean you’ll fail the whole course. It’s Stats tomorrow, right? You’ve been doing okay so far. If you bomb the test, just talk to the instructor about what you need to do to make sure you still get a passing grade. Secondly, what you’re going to do right now is stop studying. You already know everything you’re going to know by tomorrow morning. Set your alarm, take half a Xanax, and go the fuck to sleep. It’ll be better for your brain than staying up all night cramming, trust me.”
“But Hell, I don’t know, Sammy. Maybe place doesn’t matter so much, but, yeah, I see your point. Hard to think about a future in an underground bunker. If… uh, if we make it out of Endgame, what do you think? You and Eileen gonna find a house somewhere? Get a regular, boring ass job, finally have a real kid of your own?”
Three weeks. It's not adding up. Dean
On another note, this fic is now officially significantly longer than my actual manuscript lol
Hank asks him about the dreams, which Dean finds he can’t really put into words. Hank doesn’t press too hard, turning instead to ask about his flashbacks and panic attacks, and whether Dean is aware of his own triggers.
“Yeah, Cas?”
It was Cas' hand, hot and solid, wrapped once again around his shoulder, that brought him back. It was Cas gripping him once again, raising him out of himself.
Dean isn't dead. Not yet, anyway.
By the time they get back to the bunker, Sam has finished reading the play twice already and is making notes, while Cas sits next to him and annotates from the Greek version. Jack is sitting at the end of the table, looking bored.
"No," Dean says immediately. "No, Cas. Anything I do from here, after all this time, it would just make things worse. And anyway, I'm not… I'm never going to have that apple pie life. Not with anyone. I'm not looking for that. It was a mistake to ever try. Maybe the worst mistake of my life, for what I did there. But I just get to live with the guilt of what I did. That's all I can do."
Sam and older Dean come into the kitchen then, and Dean watches the way Cas and his future self find each other with their eyes. It's automatic. It's the slow drag of heavy magnetism. It's a meaning of its own.
Dean lifts a baby boy, maybe six months old, into his arms, letting the swaddling blanket drop back into the stroller. The boy is crying a little as he wakes up from his nap, but as Dean holds him upright and grins at him, his eyes focus and a smile breaks across his face as he recognizes Dean.
I cannot believe that
Cas rolls his eyes and pushes him forward, towards the row of parked cars. "Pick one."
Cas went slow again, with tongue and fingers and lubrication, slow enough that Dean writhed beneath him and said “Please, Cas, please,” again.
The first time with Cas had happened one rainy Tuesday night a few months before Dean spilled his guts in that church confessional. He hadn't been thinking about the unity of his being or honoring the different parts of himself or any religious, flowery crap like that. Honestly, Dean had known for awhile that this was going to happen, that he wanted it to happen, and he'd been antsy and keyed up about it for weeks once he'd accepted it. Of course he told himself it was just sex, just something to release this tension between them, just something to stop him from thinking about what he had become the last few months; first from the Mark, then as Crowley's mutt. Something to chase the taste of Crowley out of his mouth, to be honest, although he was never going to tell Cas that part.
Every part of Dean wanted to roll over under the bed, to curl up in a ball in the dark and hide. He hadn't, of course, but his fear had been base and primal. He'd pulled Captain to him, instead of shoving the dog away, and buried his face and hands in the german shepherd's fur. It was a surprise to Dean, how much the dogs helped with stuff like that.
"Sam," Dean manages to slur. It takes every ounce of effort to use his tongue.
"Yeah, no shit," Dean says. He feels better now that it's just him and Sam, even if it's not
“Okay.” Dean leans forward. “Bobby, what the hell are you dancing around?”
"Dad, please."
Sam shoots Dean a warning look from across the table.
"I got done early, thought I'd see how you were doing with that chupacabra."
Dean wakes up from full body shivers of pain, the red-tinged memory of Hell blurring his vision and filling his nose and throat with the smell and taste of iron. He’s on the floor, somehow, and Cas is under him, hand weakly gripping Dean’s wrist where Dean’s own hand is wrapped around his throat.
Castiel is utterly indifferent to sexual orientation. But Dean isn't.
He knows he probably doesn’t get to keep this, and he wishes Sam were there. But for the moment, Dean lets himself feel this, and it’s good.
"You give me a call next time you're near Texas, hear?" He'd said with his drawl, flashing a grin.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m just saying.”
No one is supposed to see this.
“Yeah. Well, Cas keeps most of it up, but it’s actually kinda fun helping out.”
"Because I've buried just as many ghosts as you, Sam, and looks like I'm still here kicking." Dean kicks at the gravel road in emphasis and rocks going flying around them.
"I don't care if you dislike the color pink, Dean."
Cas just looks at him until Dean looks away.
While Jack is in the shower, Sam gets through to a very grumpy Italian museum curator who informs him that it is “quite too late in the evening to be entertaining the eccentricities of Americans at my home number, sir,” but does, nevertheless, promise to have a look in his archives in the morning.
“You could let me help, you know,” Cas mutters, but his free hand is at the back of Dean’s neck now and he’s leaning most of his weight on Dean, his eyes half-closed.
"You're a weird dude, you know that?" Dean says, but he says it like it's a compliment, and Cas doesn't mind.
Dean is silent. His eyes are fixed on his memory too. And even though this is one of the few things they've ever really talked about, even though none of this was Dean's fault, Cas can still see the spasm of anguish in Dean's face as the Castiel in Purgatory pulls his hand back. He can see that to Dean, this was still somehow failing.
John had found Dean reading outside on the steps to the back stoop and snorted derisively when he saw the book.
Dean glances up in time to catch Mary also casting a worried look at John. Dean tucks the necklace back under his shirt.
Cas let his arm fall back when Dean released it, let that hand come down on Dean’s side, but otherwise he didn’t dare move. So far, this thing that they’d been doing for almost a year, was all stolen glances and desperate, secret release. They touched each other more often. Dean sometimes held his hand when they were alone. But unless they’d had sex first, they didn’t do
So when Sam looks at this young Dean, this Dean whose greatest crime was probably ditching Sam at
Dean can tell that, already, this younger Dean is different than the person he was. It's not just Dean not wanting to remember what it was like to be twenty-six - he doesn't think it's just that. He's pretty sure that being here has already shifted something in young Dean. That just a few days of being treated like a person, of having Sam back, a Sam who has already worked through all the issues they had fifteen years ago, has changed him. That it's probably Cas, too. Dean sees the way Cas looks at his younger self, that sad fondness and a touch of wonder, the same affection he gives to Dean. Dean knows that at twenty-six, he'd be so starved for it, that no one had ever looked at him like that before. No one had ever loved him so openly, in a way he was allowed to feel.
“Hi Sammy, everything’s okay. I just, uh.” Dean shuts his eyes. The anxiety that vacates at the sound of his brother’s voice is replaced by the dull familiarity of shame. “It’s nothing. I’m sorry I called. Go back to bed, we can talk later.”
"Thank you. I would love that."
"It's going to be a long time, you know, even by Heaven's terms."
It’s still sunny in Utah, not even noon yet, and the highway stretches out before them like an invitation. Even after all his years on the road, Dean does still love this. He likes having a more permanent home, but sometimes his brain will actually shut up when he’s out driving, giving him something that is almost like peace.
“It’s just,” Dean says, and he hates how small his voice is. He clears his throat. “I like girls, you know. So it’s not… but yeah, I… I think I could probably like boys too. But I don’t… I haven’t…”
And the thing about it is that Dean can sort of… It's just, having had his past parcelled up and handed to him with neat little labels like this, there's some amount of recognition forming in the back of his head that he doesn't want to look at because it scares the shit out of him.
"I didn't… Sam, it's not like that, man. C'mon. I just… We need Jack. We can't risk him on this."
It was indescribable, unthinkable pain.
"Cas…" Dean says. He's embarrassed to find that his voice comes out a little choked.
Sam is still breathing hard. He looks at Dean again. "Are you coming?"
“I know.” Sam’s voice has gotten very quiet. “You’re right. Dean, I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”
Dean is, momentarily, every self he’s ever been, and a few he’s not sure he has yet. He’s scattered and non-linear. He’s himself, just not cohesive. Not in order.
They do indeed lie around on the beach with drinks that come served with little colorful paper umbrellas. Dean’s not even embarrassed about it - his margarita is huge and cold and fucking delicious. He catches Cas watching him lick the salt off the rim of his glass and grins at him, winking.
“I, uh,” Dean says again. “It’s stupid, okay?”
Maybe that's the point of this place, to change him. To break him down. Worst hit after worst hit.
Jack comes back to them, this time carrying only a stuffed hyena and red plastic ball that lights up when bounced. “Aren’t you getting anything?” he asks, sounding deeply disappointed in them both.
"Dean, we don't have to… We don't have to talk about what happened. What I said." Cas finally looks away, shoving his hands into the pockets of his coat. "I can't take it back, but I don't want it to be a wall between us. You are my friend and my… my family. Those things are still true. I hope… I hope they are still true for you."
Hank smiles a little and pushes his glasses back up the bridge of his nose. “I think you’ve covered my main points there, yes. I’m glad you can recognize those things, even if you don’t always feel them. That’s really important work that not everyone can do.”
Cas’ fingernails scrape along Dean’s scalp, making him shiver.
Fair enough.
He regrets this a bit when the next exhibit turns out to be the reptile house. Dean doesn’t mind lizards, but he’s not a fan of snakes. He’s not
“Hey,” Dean says. “Shouldn’t
Cas looks at the five remaining doors. "I don't know. My guess is that this place, this room we're in now, is the crux of the internal mechanism of the angelic ward. Which would mean, I think, that these doors act as portals into external memories. That is, internal to you, but external to the ward. Which implies that time passes in this room, but not in your memories."
“Huh,” Dean says again. “Okay.”
Facing down death so many times, you wouldn't think he'd still get nervous. It's the anticipation and the unknown that gets him. Every time.
The one time Cas went overseas to give a talk, Dean kind of fell apart. There was no way in Hell that he was getting on a plane to Germany, just so Cas could meet Peter Wohlleben and give a symposium on trees or whatever. It was just a couple of days, but Dean got so angry at nothing while Cas was gone and downright clingy when he came back. It was like he couldn’t stop touching Cas, couldn’t stand not being in the same room with him for more than a few minutes. It was frankly embarrassing. Cas swears he had a hard time being apart too, but Dean’s pretty sure he’s the one who couldn’t handle it.
Dean laughs at that and pulls back, just a little. “It’s cold,” he says reluctantly. “We should go in.”
"Yeah, obviously." Sam looks at Dean and stops. "Oh," he says. "Clothes. Dude, you should have asked for clothes days ago. Geez. Go take whatever's clean in my room, I'll handle the gear."
he thinks.
When Dean was twenty-four and he woke up drenched in sweat and his own vomit on the floor of an empty apartment in Louisiana, he’d felt like death. He’d lain in the pool of stomach bile for an indeterminable amount of time, thinking that he probably was dead or about to die, just sort of waiting for consciousness to end.
"What are you doing?" Sam asks without preamble.
"Uh. Is it cool if I go for a walk or something?" Dean asks Sam. He doesn't like asking for permission, but he also has a weird feeling there's got to be some sort of code about letting time-travelers walk around out in the world.
The Dean beside Cas gives a little shudder, shoulders twitching back, trying to straighten his spine, trying to form his defenses.
Dean covers Cas' hand with his own. He's surprisingly at peace with all of this. Heaven might not cater to Cas' whims yet, but it's still not giving Dean more than he can handle all at once.
"I'm not a kid," Dean snaps back. He's starting to think he might not like this warped version of himself at all.
“Hello?”
Younger Dean looks up from the book of greek mythology he’s been reading and clears his throat. “Uh. So. What happens if this Crowley guy does fuse me back into the me that’s in my timeline? I mean, do I just forget this ever happened, or?”
“It sounds like you don’t think therapy will be useful to you. Why not?”
Then John swears. He fumbles in his pocket and throws the keys to the Impala at Dean's chest. Dean catches them instinctively and looks up at John, but his dad doesn't meet his eyes. He steps back from Dean and shakes his head.
"Oh," younger Dean says again, softly, like he gets it, like it makes sense.
"Mm," Dean mumbled, also clearly aware that Cas was lying.
Dean clears his throat too and turns back to the open fridge door, struggling with the rising tide of emotion. "Yeah. Yeah, me too."
So Sam is definitely not supposed to be looking at him with his head slightly cocked to one side, worry in his big ol' puppy-dog eyes, casually speaking into existence something that Dean has already decided he will take with him to the grave.
Cas shakes his head, but there’s a tear running down his cheek now and Dean can feel his hand shaking underneath his.
"Hey, Cas, wait." Sam clears his throat. "Uh. Look, whatever you see…"
"And for what it's worth, Dean, when I say I knew, I mean that I have never cared. It's never made me think any differently of you, okay? You're my brother and I love you and I don't give a crap who you're attracted to. I mean, c'mon, half our friends are queer."
Sam is glaring daggers at fourteen-year-old Dean's reflection in the rear view mirror. Dean glances up and notices, half-turns in his seat while he's starting the car.
Something like five or maybe ten years in, Dean's eating dinner at The Roadhouse, as he often does. Everyone's there this evening and he's sandwiched at the table between Jo and Bobby.
“Where do you think he’s going?” Jack asks, twisting his hands in his lap. “Should I… I could look for him?”
“You ever tell anyone about this, I will fucking kill you,” Dean said, but more like he was getting it out of the way than as an actual threat.
The demon took something in its hand then - or maybe it was part of its hand, Dean couldn’t be sure - something black and writhing. The demon pressed the bit of itself or whatever it was to Dean’s side just beneath his ribs.
like five times. He'd apparently almost named Dean after Jack Kerouac, which, as it turns out, would have ended up being a fun little twist of the universe.
"Just listen, would you? Let an old man have his piece. Anyhow, I knew it weren't right. Your daddy and me, we both failed you. I'm sorry for that. And I know you forgive me, because this is Heaven, and because that's what you do, but that don't make it right. I was a drunk, even then, you know, but it's no excuse. I suppose I told myself that you
It's been a long time since Dean hustled. He can't imagine doing it again at this point, not when he can skate by on stolen credit cards and pool money, but he doesn't trust his future self enough to be sure. The old alias had clearly still rattled older Dean too, decades later.
It started as a dumb joke. Cas said something completely serious about being able to taste colors over breakfast one day, and Dean had said “Oh man, one of these days I am going to get you so baked.”
"Yeah, of course, man," Dean says, and winces internally. He's not good at this.
Cas' large, warm hand pressed to Dean's chest, his grace against Dean's skin, these are things he's going to hold onto and turn over in his head for a long time before he fully understands what they mean to him.
And that at least had shut Cas up for a little while, one hand in Dean's hair, too short for him to really pull, but giving a good try all the same.
“Yeah. I’m glad we went.”
“No. I didn’t think you’d like the idea of me watching you.”
"What the hell is a green smoothie?" Dean asks.
“Yes,” Hanks says. “That’s clear to me. I’m sorry that no one was there to keep you safe.”
“C’mon, man,” Dean says, because he can’t help it. He and Sam don’t talk about dad much. They’re figuring out how to avoid the worst of themselves in each other, how to keep their arguments from becoming explosive.
Dean breaks off sniffling again. At this point, it barely registers. It feels good, talking to Cas, even though it cuts him open. He even thinks he's telling the truth here. He knows that he has to try and live some kind of life now. Sam and Eileen have been talking about stepping back from hunting too and are going to look around the area, maybe settle in Madison. Sam and Dean didn't have to say it to understand that they both still want to be near each other. Maybe not right on top of each other any more. There's room, without Chuck, to make a little breathing space between them. It's not going to be easy, but Dean thinks he'll be able to handle it, and Sammy will be alright. Sam has Eileen, and Dean can't find it in him to be too bitter about that.
Cas’ thumb strokes one side of Dean’s face, wiping the tears away, and he kisses the other cheek.
"I'm done." Dean lets the bag drop to the floor for the moment. It ain't that heavy, but he's expecting a fair amount of resistance here, maybe even a physical fight.
Dean understands, distantly, intellectually, that it's been a long, long time since that night for this Sam. He gets that it's probably not something he thinks about, that he and older Dean have had years together to sort things out, to move past it, move on.
“You are
Even after the years that they’ve spent here, it still feels strange to have a bedroom. It feels weird to have anywhere to lay his head more than a couple of times a year, a place to come back to, a place to rest. The closest they’d ever come before must have been Bobby’s house, but still, they’d always been visitors.
"What the fuck, Sam. What even are our lives?"
"Sure." Sam can't blame Dean. It's weird to see a living reminder of fifteen years ago. It's bringing up a lot of emotions for Sam too, thinking about who they both were back then.
Dean waves a hand vaguely in front of him. "We were in love. What more can I say?"
So letting Cas hold him, it’s kind of… it’s stupid and weird and he’s certainly not going to ever say it to Cas, but it’s kind of like letting Cas hold that dumb kid.
"Okay," Dean says into the phone. "Just. Tell me anyway. I'm… I'm willing to try here, man."
Things happened. Just hand things, in the front seats. Just mouths against each other, all hot and soaked up with Jack Daniels. Just Graves' other hand on the nape of Dean's neck and Dean's other hand up the back of his shirt, and…
"Hey, hey, you okay?" Sam asks, reaching out a hand before thinking better of it. Older Dean has tucked his gun back into his jeans and Dean reluctantly does the same. He doesn't trust these people, doesn't know if he believes them, but they haven't tried to hurt him yet and he doesn't know what else to do.
This was just more Winchester self-sacrifice.
Dean shakes his head. He kinda wants to cry and he doesn’t even know why. He lets his hands fall from Cas’ hair, but keeps them around his neck.
"Sure, wouldn't miss it. Any excuse to eat your toes." Dean says this last to the baby, tugging at his sock-covered feet. "Are toes Kosher, anyway?"
"I'm out," Dean says. "I'm gonna… I'll pick up the stuff to summon Crowley back. We're out of his stupid preserved fruit and we're low on bones."
The girl was right, of course, but Dean had wondered what kind of vibe he was giving off to get clocked as a guy who'd be into poems about drugs and gay sex.
"You're not going to get me killed, because you're going to walk through those doors." Cas gestures at the six unopened doors. "And we're going to deal with whatever's behind them. Just… let me help you, Dean."
As it happens, they realize pretty quickly that it’s not nothing. Sam sticks with his actual social work job, and Dean poses as a janitor to check out the hospital, and between the two of them they work out that they’re dealing with a wraith. The wraith in question is a bit of an odd duck - they get a whole story out of it about how it floats from town to town, taking just enough juice from human’s brains to live without attracting notice, moving on before the insomnia and hallucinations become a noticeable epidemic.
“Yeah,” Dean mutters. He doesn’t feel like he knows anything. “Sammy, I don’t… I  didn’t remember the… I thought it was a few days, always remembered it as just a few days out there waiting for dad to come back, and I don’t… How the hell does that happen? How am I supposed to trust that anything is real? With Chuck, with my own head. I can’t…”
But now-Dean knows what his teenage self is thinking: Sam will be in the car.
the vase, does it? We were planning to have to put the vase back together before we could bind him, but it sounds like the binding of the spirit itself is what holds the vase in tact. I’m betting it’s the force of his soul or whatever that’s bound to the pottery that we thought was such heavy duty magic preventing him from leaving. I’ve never actually seen it done before, but I can’t believe I didn’t think of it. The Ancient Greeks had a lot of binding spells and myths, a lot of transfiguration too. So to actually trap him inside the pottery, where he can only rise when the pieces are broken on the night of the new moon - it works with what we know of the mythology.
"Look, I know that… this is going to be something you don't want to hear." Sam glances between both of them, but he's talking mostly to John. Dean already has a pretty good idea of what's coming. He knows that Sam took the SATs last summer without telling their dad. Hell, Dean was the one who paid for them, so, yeah, he knows.
"Have you ever thought about…" Younger Dean pauses, clears his throat. "You think you'll ever retire?"
“Do you think Cas is right? That what’s happening with the ghosts is about Jack, or, you know, God, letting them atone? Giving them a path to Heaven?”
John shakes him by the shirtfront. "I said, do you understand me?"
“Are you alright, Castiel?” Jack asks, his own brow furrowed. Cas gives him a little smile and clambers to his feet. Both Deans go with him, although younger Dean has let go of the arm he was clutching.
," Sam grumbles, coming up behind Eileen with their bags. He shifts to give Dean a quick one-armed hug. "I was worried about you, that's all."
. That's the only goddamn thing I want to think about right now."
That's it.
in his music, but the second the damn Florence + The Machine came on, his whole body rebelled. He can't stop the lyrics from running through his head now that they've started. He doesn't need that, doesn't need the reminder.
"Anything," Cas says. He runs his fingers lazily through Dean's hair and Dean has to close his eyes with the sheer contentment of it.
Dean shrugs his shoulders and presses his mouth to the inseam of Cas’ jeans. It’s their first night in the first house Dean’s ever owned. His name is on the lease and everything, right next to Cas’. He’d been hesitant at first about buying something with money he hadn’t really earned, but Sam had told him to shut up and think of it as compensation for the last thirty-something years of unpaid labor in saving the world. Dean doesn’t totally agree with this, but he’d allowed it to soothe him enough to sign the lease.
"Do you think you can come over sometime this week? I think both Deans would love to see you."
his father. It's the purest anger he's ever been able to direct towards him and the force of it shocks him, knocks him off balance. Sam was the one who got to be a rebellious teenager, the one who yelled at their dad and stormed out and ran off and disobeyed. Dean never did any of that. He did what he was told and when he couldn't, he figured out the next best thing and he did that. He never complained, never fought back, never even thought about running.
“We still need Dean - other Dean - to get his sorry ass back here. Yeah.” Sam sighs again, rubs his face with his hand and stands up. “Okay. Okay. So I’m still going to Utah. It’s what, a twelve hour drive to Salt Lake? I’ll just… We’ll take a plane back if we have to, even if I have to tranq Dean to do it, but if I can find him quick we should still be able to make the drive in time.”
Dean can't quite be sure if he's ever been here before, back in his before. He's been through a lot of cities. A lot of small towns and backwater rural communities. He's always kind of avoided coming back to Kansas when he could help it, though.
He has to wipe away a tear, and Cas is gracious enough once again to pretend he doesn't notice.
“Bed?” he asks Cas breathlessly.
Eileen reaches out and taps Cas' elbow with her beer bottle. "Follow-up question, angel," she says. "Souls can obviously get corrupted, but do they ever start out evil?"
Older Dean breathes out a long sigh and Dean notices the way his hands have curled into fists again. "The first guy, you mean," he says flatly.
Sam meets Dean's pleading eyes in the rearview mirror again and his shoulders sag, the defiance going out of him, anger turning to bitterness.
"Jesus, Cas," he says, not quite meeting Cas' eyes as he gets back to his feet. "That's some party trick."
Sam can't help himself, he reaches out and ruffles Dean's hair fondly. "Gotta stay spry.
Later, when they are tangled up in each other, still fully clothed but Dean on his back with one arm under Cas, the side of his face pressed into his shoulder, and Cas curled into Dean with one arm wrapped over his chest, one leg thrown over Dean’s, Dean thinks to himself that he likes everything about this.
He puts the book back where it was and he's numb, as numb as the girl in these poems, empty as a body, blank as a screen.
The elephant raises their trunk in the air like they are trying to reach for Cas. Cas' eyes are overbright.
Hank’s smile this time makes him feel like he’s done something right.
Dean nods. "Sure, makes sense. I guess I have to agree with you there.
Just a note that I have to do some Big Adult things in the next couple days/weeks and as a result posting may be a little less frequent. Still relatively frequent, just not as quick.
Now-Dean looks at his younger self properly. He feels a mixture of protectiveness and pity, and maybe some small amount of disgust. He was so young. He doesn't remember ever being this young.
Dean looks up at the ceiling again through his blurry eyes. He’s cracked open in the worst way, and two more seconds of this and he’s going to lose it. It’s taking all his willpower not to curl into Cas’ warmth and beg his forgiveness. He’s afraid if he opens his mouth he might beg Cas to save him instead.
"Have you… met Him?"
,” he says, looking faintly embarrassed.
But he can’t help the thought of fourteen-year-old Dean, skinny and hollow-cheeked, his big eyes tired and trapped, how it would have felt to see Cas smile at him the way he looked at the memory of young Dean. How it would have felt to know what tenderness looks like.
So Sam wouldn’t hurt the way that Dean had.
Dean wipes his hands on his jeans - Sam's jeans which hang a little too long over his boots - and heads back to the booth.
It's like this fucking sadistic piece of angel magic is trying to tell him something about himself, but in a way that Dean just… he's not built to do this. Sam could, maybe. Sammy would probably come through this feeling like he's been to some born-again trial by fire. Sam is "in touch with his emotions", whatever that is supposed to mean, so yeah, he'd probably be fine.
"Hey kid," he says. "It's good to hear from you. I'm proud of you, Jack. I'm damn proud."
"No sir," he says.
It isn't so much the gender norms he identifies with. He doesn't really understand these well enough for them to factor into his identity. And it isn't just being perceived by Dean, or by the world at large. That's a part of it, of course, and it's how he first realized an important part of what he was feeling, but…
For so long, that was all Dean wanted. It was enough - him and Sam in the Impala on the open road. They fought monsters and got hurt and cut losses, but it was survivable if he had Sam with him.
They do.
“Is that… Wichita? We went to the zoo there once when we were kids.”
Dean never had time for things like astronomy. He regrets that now and he wonders if Heaven might let him find a very, very beginner's book on astrophysics and maybe a telescope.
"Hello Dean," Cas says, looking around the room, taking it in.
Dean is so open. He feels more naked and vulnerable than he’s ever been.
"That makes sense," Hank says. "Sam coming back didn't erase what your father said to you."
Dean wants to
Dean danced, laughing, until Sam spun him around hard enough that he got dizzy and fell back into the couch. Sam joined him a second later, all 6 ft 4 in of him crashing in the space next to Dean, collapsing into his shoulder. It was just Mary and Cas left standing, Mary taking his hands and trying to lead him through some sort of 60s era dance shuffle, Cas dutifully trying and predictably failing to follow her lead.
“Yeah, but that’s not the same as you telling me.” Charlie gives him an absolutely dazzling smile. “Cas is pretty dreamy, huh?”
“Oh man, it is good to be back here, baby,” Dean says, ignoring his older self and running his hand lovingly over the Impala’s steering wheel. “Is Grumpy here treating you right?”
Dean had stopped pacing for a moment, heart thudding in his chest, feeling sick to his stomach with nerves. “I’ll fail the class,” he mumbled, hating it, hating himself, hating that he was so stupid and that he was stupid enough to think he could do this.
Dean finds he can't think of anything to say in response to those eyes so he just stares back, waiting for it to be over.
house.
be OG Dean? I’m the one from earlier in our timeline.”
"Cas…"
"You're not broken. Or if you are, no matter how little and broken, you are still good. Yeah, still good."
Sam laughs. "No. Not really. Pretty sure God knows exactly where we all are." The way Sam says this is slightly bitter and it feels personal. "Anyway," he goes on, before Dean can ask about that can of worms. "Cas isn't the only other person living here. There's this kid - uh, this guy, Jack. He's technically close to your age. I think you'll like him. He's out of town on a job at the moment, but he'll be back in a few days."
It’s quick and brutal. Dean stands with his hands braced against the smudgy gray motel room wall and John brings the belt down on the bare skin of his back.
“Doc, I’ve known twenty ways to kill a man since before I was eight years old.” Dean still isn’t looking up, but he tries to put some of that old bravado into his voice at least. “By the time I was a teenager, trust me, I was the most lethal thing in any of those motel rooms.”
The baby looks back at Dean and reaches his arms back out. And now-Dean knows, without exactly knowing how he knows, that this is one of the baby's favorite games, to be passed back and forth between Sam and Dean like a ball.
"Easing your suffering is never a waste to me," Cas says at last, always too earnest.
"Will you let me look for someone? Please. I'll vet them before you go."
"There's something I don't understand," Sam says after a minute. He says it cautiously, like he's probing the water before taking the jump.
In the end, they compromise on Colorado. Or they try to. Sam is the one who suggests it, and Dean always liked Colorado, but when they actually go to visit Fort Collins, he finds his skin itching. It isn't so much the size of the city - calling the little college municipality a city feels quite charitable - it's the… the
"After everything, if you're so eager to walk out on your family, then leave." John's voice rises, breaks off without breaking. "But I'm warning you, you walk out that door, you better not come back."
"Well," Sam says slowly, his brow creased. "The semester starts on September 9th, so I've got to be in California by the end of August."
"Sorry, Sammi. I'm good."
"You're telling me that I live to be
Twenty-six year-old Dean watches his older self schlump off to bed, cold-shouldering Cas in the process. He watches Cas' eyes fall back to his book, unmoving, and Dean realizes that maybe Cas has more of a poker face than Dean has been giving him credit for. There's a little too much
Younger Dean looks up at Sam, concern bleeding away into a wry quirk of his lips. "Are they always like this?"
“I don’t know, maybe,” Sam says carefully. “I mean, we always say that, don’t we? Seems like maybe, after, uh, this one… well seems like it might be now or never. It’s not like Eileen and I… We don’t talk about stuff like that. Not yet, anyway. But yeah, yeah I guess I’d want to try.” Sam frowns, arching one eyebrow. “What about you? Where you at with retiring, kids, the whole thing?”
“I mean it, Cas. Why don’t you hate us? We ruin everything we touch.”
Dean picks up the thin black book. One time, shortly before Dean dropped out of high school, dad came back from a hunt and found him reading a dog-eared copy of Alan Ginsburg's
Dean has always tried to outrun pain. He’s always stuffed it down deep in his chest, at least until Sam comes around and pulls it out of him with those sad, sad eyes.
Cas has watched the birth and death of stars in the loneliness of space. He has razed cities, burned down churches, watched entire species wiped from the earth. He knows that trees talk to each other through their roots in complex messages, knows that homo sapiens are responsible for the genocide of their sibling species, knows that this planet will not survive to see the death of its sun.
Dean feels the heat in his face, because he has definitely never talked to a girl about porn before. And, now that he thinks about it, older Dean definitely had a point earlier. He’s never really had a friend who was a girl. To be fair, he doesn’t really have friends at all, but there’s barely a girl he’s exchanged more than two sentences with whose pants he hasn’t been trying to get into. And… Maybe that’s not great.
Dean feels an abrupt flare of panic he hasn't felt in awhile, not even when the local construction guys were hanging around the house. It wasn't that Dean was hiding his relationship with Cas anymore, but the guys knew they lived together and had tactfully left it at that. Dean figured it was a "don't ask, don't tell" kind of thing with them, a "tolerance" kind of thing. Sam, ferocious ally that he'd become, probably would have balked at it, but Dean didn't see the harm in a couple of casual friends who stayed out of his business. Dean even felt like maybe he was growing - back in the day, just the prospect of one of those guys suspecting he and Cas were together would have sent him spiraling.
Cas can trace the lung fish's family tree back to cows more easily than to salmon. It's there in the name - its lungs work more like most mammals than like a trout.
It’s frankly a lot to process on the go. Dean has already become aware that the internet is much more of a
And whether it's meant to be there or not, Dean hears the threat in that. And he thinks, eight years old and confused by what's happening, as long as it's not Sam. As long as he doesn't hurt Sammy.
Well.
Dean raises his eyebrows and Hank smiles again. He leans forward, elbows on his knees and hands clasped together.
"Wisconsin," Dean says. "Got a house showing tomorrow morning. Look, you're welcome to come if you want, or not, but I'm going. Don't really want to talk about it."
Dean shakes his head, dumbstruck that he didn't think to ask some very basic questions here right off the bat. He lets Sam explain first.
"Dean," Sam says again from behind him, and he sounds worried now. Dean glances over, already tucked into Baby with the driver's side door still open.
Dean watches the trees out the window, the impenetrable darkness between them, checking the mirror from time to time. They're waiting for Jack. Dean's not expecting him yet, but they can't afford to let their guard slip for even a moment, not now.
His son, Dean, is crying softly at his bedside. Sam places a hand on his shoulder, and his son looks up with tears on his face. He looks right through Sam, but he seems to feel him there.
Dean takes the stairs up to the second floor and follows a sign to the Center for Mind and Body's office suite. He steps inside, noticing with annoyance that his palms are sweaty.
Cas is just as bad at personal space as ever. They are standing so close together under all these stars.
It's too much.
"M'sorry," Dean mumbles into Cas' shirt. "I shouldn't have yelled."
"You can't kill a demon," younger Dean says flatly. "Can you?"
"Yeah, well, no offense, but humor me - what if you don't? It's an ancient Greek demonic curse you said, right? Sounds pretty powerful. Now I don't know what you all have gotten up to in the future, but I don't have a clue how to break something like that. Look, I'm not saying I'm thrilled about it, but in the grand scheme of things -"
“I love you so much,” he says. He’s never said it like this. It’s never been torn out of him the way it is now, gasped right from his belly, right from his chest, from everything in him. “My baby brother.”
"Just watch it, Cas."
“Do I… Has future me talked to you about this at all?”
Cas was grateful that they were the only ones in the bunker the next day. Dean seemed confused, maybe even ashamed, when he woke up, but he didn’t push Cas away as he sometimes did after they’d had sexual relations - instead he was… well, affectionate. He seemed to want, maybe even need, to be near Cas. Cas was more than happy to oblige, but Dean was quiet and far away in his thoughts even as he touched Cas near constantly throughout the day. They didn’t really talk, just did everything together in a not unpleasant silence. Dean didn’t want to talk, and Cas didn’t push.
There are just some things Dean can't say to Sam.
Which. Fuck. Sometimes Dean forgets that Cas has literally held Dean's soul in his hands.
“Keep your hands above your head, Dean,” Cas said.
Dean trots after Sam as they all break. "You guys got a machete I can borrow?"
Crowley gives him a patented condescending look. “Lunch.”
Instead he opens the Bible on Dean's nightstand, wondering if Dean has it there for research, and photo flutters out from the pages. Cas picks it up.
Dean thinks about what he told his younger self, months back, when he thought that past  version of him might be the one to live. He’d been trying to tell him to get out, to walk away while he still could.
Sam looks at Dean, who looks at Cas.
Dean should have protected her. He should have been able to do that. Charlie is a badass, and he knows it, but his Charlie wasn't a hunter, hadn't been raised to it, didn't know how to fight with her fists. She was so little.
"Hey," Sam says hoarsely. "It's okay. Just. Um."
"No, that's great.
From how things went from there, Dean was pretty sure that Cas must have watched a bunch of porn, or at least read about technique or something, because
"That's not fair," Dean says to the dirt. He ignores the question of who he had because it's irrelevant. It's always been irrelevant. "He… he was protecting us by protecting the world. And anyway, I was never a child, so."
“I’m afraid not.”
made him a target the same way it made him never quite good enough for his father. If he was just stronger, gruffer, less pretty, if he became someone you couldn't look at without cutting yourself on…
“Cas?!” Sam steps forward to hug his old friend, then stops at the last second. “What the hell are you doing here? Are you… Are you a reaper?”
Dean looks up, eyebrows raised. "What?"
Because… fuck.
, to touch every part of this man that he had once rebuilt out of Hell. He ran his fingers down Dean’s arms, mouth chasing after, up to his shoulders where he fit his hand against the mark he’d left on Dean’s skin from his first touch.
"You don't know? You think if we plucked up baby Stalin and gave him a different home life, he might not have turned out the way he did?"
Jo and Dean grin at each other. As Jo chews her winnings, her eyes suddenly go wide. She swallows, and with a sparkle of devious glee in her eyes, reaches out to pick up the necklace that has fallen out from beneath Dean's shirt during their fight.
Cas freezes with a handful of popcorn halfway to his mouth. “What?” he asks, because Dean is just standing there staring at him.
Chapter title taken from
, on the other hand, was a scathing rebuke of God and religion.
"Hot," Jack says earnestly. "Dry."
Both Deans turn to look, and there's Sammy loping up the grass toward him. He's older too. Softer. He's wearing a gray sweater and glasses.
Guns N' Roses'
“What?” Dean says, because, really, what else is there to say to that?
Dean thinks this is a workable problem, at least. He thinks he probably would have liked Jack at twenty-six, would have found him odd but funny. It could be good for both of them to have a pal. Younger Dean never really had friends, and Jack hasn't exactly had a lot of opportunities.
and went there too. It was a laid back house party, just twenty or so college kids, some alcohol and a bong. Dean took the hits he was offered, never one to turn down free drugs, and the night got lazy and loopy. He was supposed to be flirting with Veronica, but truth be told, she didn’t seem like she was flirting back - just talking to him animatedly, like he was an old friend. And, honestly, Dean was down with that. He wasn’t going to be in this city long enough to really be friends with any of these people, but it was nice to pretend for one night that maybe he could be. That they’d asked him along because they thought he was funny and cool, not just because Veronica wanted to sleep with him.
Sam smiles. "Jerk."
This is how it always is.
"Hey," Sam says, eyeing Dean up in a way that makes Dean immediately nervous. "So this all looks pretty good. You forgot to initial in a couple of places so I put those in for you. I'd recommend you go with the next highest liability policy, to be honest. I know it's more expensive upfront, but it's way better coverage. So if you want that, just redo that page."
Cas freezes.
Dean finally pulls his phone out of one of the pockets and calls Sam. His fingertips are cold, so he shoves the phone between ear and shoulder and tucks his hands up into the slightly oversized sleeves.
It’s the most Hank has ever said in one go, the only time Dean has really heard him talk about himself. Dean listens to this little parable with his face still in his hands, pressing the calluses of his palms into his eyelids hard enough to make his vision flash red and black.
Dean huffs into the darkness of his hands. "'Hey Sammy, remember when you needed money to go to the model U.N. in middle school? Yeah, I financed your political ambitions by sleeping with a Senator's aid, ain't that irony for ya?' Yeah. That would go real well."
" Sam and Dean say at the same time. Younger Dean looks between them, a small smile tugging at the corner of his mouth.
"Cas," Dean says. "Come on. Please."
Cas is watching over them, working to come home to them for good.
Cas, it turns out, is almost as fun to fluster as Sam. A pair of nerds, the two of them. Cas immediately drops his eyes and mutters "My apologies." He nearly trips over his own feet going towards the liquor cabinet.
"I should check his timeline," Cas says. "See when we can send him back to." And with a light rustling sound he disappears.
I am grateful to anyone who took the time to read this fic, and especially to those folks who were with Crossing Lines as I was writing it. Your comments and positive reinforcement made writing fun, as well as cathartic.
"This is stupid," older Dean says. "We're not even talking about a weapon here, just something that
"No, it wasn't Jack. It was Billie. When we were pulled into the Empty, she was already dying. So she offered me her scythe, and her mantle."
"Oh-kay," the waitress says, drawing the word out. "Whatever you say."
Hank laughs lightly. “I don’t mean to compare self-medication itself here. What I mean is that there is a certain cultural
Chapter Content Warnings: internalized homophobia, homophobia, emotional abuse, coming out, past childhood emotional, physical, and sexual abuse, past sexual assault, suicidal ideation, discussion of suicide, self-harm, dissociation, neglect, panic attack, repressed memories, some ableist language
The receptionist is on the phone with her back turned momentarily as she leans into a desk drawer, so Dean leaves the clipboard on his chair and bolts.
“Mmm?”
“Oh, fuck, Cas. Jesus. I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry.”
It melts Dean’s heart every time.
"Thank you," Cas says.
This is one of the most self-indulgent things I've ever written, and I'm not sorry.
stirring in his stomach.
“Dude, haven’t you met God?” Dean asks, teasing a little.
"Just thought I'd help out today." Dean looks up at the bottom of the truck. Her undercarriage is a little rusty, but she's in good shape.
“You are good to your core,” Cas continued, low and soothing. “You never deserved to endure the things you faced in Hell. Whatever may have come of Heaven and The Plan, I still know you to be righteous. You are worthy, Dean. Worthy of all forgiveness and grace.”
Dean narrows his eyes. He doesn't
Cas sets the papers on the counter of the half wall that separates the living room from the kitchen, and closes the gap between them, pulling Dean's hand in between both of his. Cas is deliriously warm as a human, and Dean leans into it shamelessly.
"What the hell are you talking about, man?" Dean stares at Cas, whose expression is something close to desperate. "What are you…"
“Sometimes I wonder,” Cas says, as they trudge on, heading gradually uphill. “If God intended for humans to be so self-destructive. Or if you did this all to yourselves.”
Cas is gone.
"Yeah, well. You can't fix me, Cas."
“I just mean, you don’t tell people because that’s not yours to tell, okay? And because you wouldn’t have said ‘she’s a straight girl’ in your list of fun facts, so Charlie being gay shouldn’t be any more of a note of interest. Got it?”
John's eyes are glossy but burning.
noticed a couple of the sparse visitors casting looks at them. They’ve got to make a strange group, to be fair. Cas, looking like a practically middle-aged rumpled accountant, holding hands with a man roughly half his age, following around after another twenty-something who is bouncing around the place like a hyperactive child.
There's no fastforwarding this time, no skipping ahead, and Dean bears most of it out with his eyes closed, but he can still hear it, still remember it.
Once, Cas saw the beginning of it all: that first waddle onto land that signified the start of The Plan, that flop of scales and gasping breath - miraculous, oxygen-filled breath - that would lead to the people Cas now loves and lives for.
Younger Dean’s eyes find Dean again and he gestures with his hand for Dean to come closer.
Cas laughs again. He doesn't know how to explain it to Dean, but he tries. "I appreciate what you're trying to say, Dean, but you've got it backwards. Angels, we aren't typically given a gender at birth and our true forms don't correspond to your human categorization of sex, so it's not… Most of us stay that way, if we develop enough of a sense of self to have an identity at all. I… I suppose that I was assigned more of a non-binary identity at birth, but… I do identify as male. Ish."
It happened with Amelia too. Of course, Sam and Dean often share motel rooms, so they've both shaken each other out of troubled sleep, but for Sam it actually seems to be worse when there's someone next to him in bed.
There’s a warm little bubble in his chest. His feet are tired from walking around the zoo all day and he’s not used to being tired out from something that wasn’t being chased or a fight. Cas and Jack are odd - they’re a bit alien, honestly, but Dean is already so fond of them both. It’s clear they both enjoyed the outing, and it makes Dean feel useful and pleased. Sitting out there, talking and laughing, the smell of the fire, the stars spreading out in the night sky, Dean thinks that the feeling in his chest is happiness.
“You weren’t supposed to know,” Dean manages to say to his knees. He thinks he might just stay curled up in this ball with his eyes shut forever. There is a not insignificant part of his brain that is still running on that panicked adrenaline spike and it’s telling him that he’s never going to be able to come back from this.
do it - he just doesn’t want to spend all his time filing paper and crunching numbers just for himself. For another thing, there just isn’t a lot of demand out in rural Wyoming. Dean knew he could probably make a killing offering specialty services on classic cars to the rich assholes up in Jackson, could probably even get enough of a reputation built up to have them (or their drivers) bring the cars down to him. It’s just that, well, he doesn’t really want to spend his life as a mechanic for the wealthy people with second winter houses who come to ski in Wyoming.
This is a lot of things, and Sam doesn't say this, can't have this conversation with Dean because it would
Full stop. Not perfect, obviously. Like all humans, he is deeply, irrevocably flawed.
"I'm not going anywhere, Dean."
Sam rubs a hand over his face. He tells himself,
"Uh," Dean says, and quickly shoves one of the paint swatches at her. "Can I get two gallons of that, please?"
Dean had slid his hands up into Cas' perpetually windswept hair, and Cas had one hand up the back of his flannel before Dean decided that was enough of that. He'd stepped back, leaving Cas looking flushed and shaken, and grabbed him by the wrist.
"At least I'll be living," Sam yells. "At least I won't be stuck eighteen years in the past for the rest of my goddamn life."
It's irrational, yes, but in a way it's biological too. The fear center of the brain sees these facts like incoming IEDs. It can't tell the difference between a physical threat and an existential one. The human brain is many things - and sometimes it is very, very dumb.
Honestly, Cas only understands gender in the way he understands love - it's a feeling you don't know until you do.
Dean snorts, and Cas looks amused. They take their haul to the register and Dean pays the small fortune for their collective souvenirs. The cashier is a young woman who smiles at them and teases Dean gently about taking the whole menagerie home.
Dean being dense about Cas is also kind of how they got here, come to think of it.
"Hi ya, Cas." Dean sits up but doesn't stand or turn around. Cas joins him on the rock.
Dean helps out with the gardening occasionally, but more often he’ll lend a hand to the animal rescue and rehabilitation center that somehow crept up around him. Cas kept showing up with things - from a bird with an injured wing to a clearly abused cow whose origins Cas refused to explain to abandoned fox kits - until Dean contacted their realtor and asked if the empty 10 acre plot of land next to theirs was still available. Thirteen acres of farm and wildlife rehabilitation is too much for even Cas to handle alone, but Cas put together all the paperwork to turn them into a 501(c)3, hired a veterinarian and a volunteer manager, and now they have veterinary and zoology grad students running around as well botany fellows.
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas said, finally breaking away from Dean’s mouth. “Thank you. It is such a privilege to know your body like this.”
"Sammy, please," Dean tries again. He might as well be invisible to the murderous passion between them.
"But I'm
Sometimes, Dean just can't feel anything at all.
It feels like a fucking knife in his gut.
“Might as well,” Dean says, stretching and scooping up a handful of sand. He dumps it straight onto Sam’s shaggy head before running for water. He hears Sam’s feet slapping the ground behind him and Dean lets out a whooping laugh of joy as he throws himself into the ocean and the waiting safety of Cas’ wet arms.
Or it's like the first moment of waking up next to someone, not totally awake, the sleepy warmth shared between bodies, just aware enough to shift closer to them, a moment of intimacy before consciousness intrudes.
Of course, that would be assuming that Dean goes to Heaven when he dies for good, and considering the current state of affairs with God, Dean isn’t exactly counting on that. If he did though, he knows what he’d see this time.
Sam can't help rolling his eyes a little. "Yeah, you are," he says, only half-joking. "Can you, um… Dean's not in his room and he left his cellphone. Can you check the library? I'm gonna go see if the Impala's in the garage. Maybe he went for a drive."
Sam sighs and reels Dean into a hug, because apparently this is something they do now. Sam’s been kinda touchy-feely ever since their little heart-to-heart in Utah months ago. Dean suspects that he is pretty bad at pretending he doesn’t like it. And anyway, he can be affectionate if Sam is the one who starts it. No big deal if Sammy’s the one who wants it.
Also, I am not a mental health care provider. Please take everything here with a healthy dose of salt.
Cas keeps his eyes locked on younger Dean’s face, but Dean feels his fingers tighten in his. “It’s in the Bible, too,” he murmurs. “‘The soul of Jonathan was knit to the soul of David, and Jonathan loved him as his own soul… Then Jonathan made a covenant with David, because he loved him as his own soul.’”
"A little bit. Castiel is having me meditate and that helps."
"Odysseus or Achilles? Which do you like better?" Dean retracts his foot and tucks it beneath him in the chair. "
Levi leaned back after a few minutes, breathless, grinning at Dean like this was the easiest thing in the world.
Dean knows it's insane to be jealous of
"Hey," present day Dean says again, his voice full of a heartbreaking relief. "I told you this was stupid."
Dean feels a lump in his throat at that. Cas isn't exactly his idea of an angel, but there is something about him that feels not-quite human. Dean didn't notice it at first because he's used to that feeling around monsters, and he's pretty sure that Cas, in his trenchcoat and backwards tie, isn't evil. Call it a gut feeling, but while the guy might have power, Dean can't see him going darkside. "Huh. You know, it's funny," Dean says, dropping his gaze and speaking around the lump in his throat. "My mom always used to tell me angels were watching over me."
But Dean gets it. He really fucking gets it. He understands why older Dean is into this weird dude, who looks at Dean like he is special and good and someone that Cas wants to know.
“Nor would anyone who knows you. I… I think that you care more intensely than anyone I have ever known. And that doesn’t make you stupid, it doesn’t make you weak. It’s something bea-” Cas stops suddenly, and Dean looks at him sharply, because for a second it sounded like Cas was going to say “beautiful.”
Sam feels better with a plan, a purpose. Especially one that doesn’t involve potentially alerting Chuck to Jack - although for all Sam knows, Chuck is watching them right now. Still, he feels hopeful about their prospects against Cerodicus and the curse. That’s sort of Sam’s job, the way Dean thinks his job to take care of everyone. Sam is the one who is supposed to carry hope forward, keep that fire alive and burning bright enough for everyone - well, Dean mostly - to see. Sam can do that. He’s got the tools to do that, most of the time. But it’s still hard and what Sam really needs in order to do his job is for Dean to stop dying.
They're both quiet for a time. Their fingers are still intertwined between them and Dean is mildly obsessed with how warm Cas' hands always seem to be. It's exactly the same warmth as the grace that rests against his chest.
Dean is quiet for a beat. Cas doesn't look different, but… "What's it like? Being Death?"
One day, Dean is out back in the woods behind the barn when he finds one of those little plastic army men in the dirt. It’s chipped and weatherworn, but still the same green that Dean remembers. He and Sammy used to play with these in the back of the Impala on long trips. When they were older, they’d tie the toys to fireworks and gleefully pick up the melted remains to see what shape they had made.
Dean ignores the second revelation in ten minutes about the grandparents he's gone his whole life without knowing anything about, ignores Sam casually mentioning that this place, this permanent fixture that might not be a normal house but is something more than four wheels or a motel room, is their
"I could just eat him up," Rhonda says approvingly as she hands the phone back. "Glad to hear you boys are doing well. Don't you leave before saying goodbye now."
Cas doesn’t respond to this, his head tipped back to the stars, throat exposed. Dean watches him swallow and digs his fingernails into his own palms to combat the overwhelming desire he has to lean forward and kiss the hollow of Cas’ throat.
Dean brought his book and he reads it under the warmth of a February sun while Eileen lays on a towel sunbathing and watching Sam peer-pressure Cas into the water with him through a gigantic pair of sunglasses. Eileen has the nicest smile, it takes five years off her every time she grins, the way she does as Sam pushes Cas forward into an oncoming wave.
“I’m thinking of turning the barn into a bar. Just what I always wanted, I guess. Figured maybe I’d start a garden or something out here too. It’s more land than I really know what to do with, but I’ll figure something out. Maybe I can talk Sammy and Eileen into coming up here. Probably not to stay - I mean, Eileen’s a proper normal adult human who probably doesn’t want to get stuck living with her cracked up old maid of a brother-in-law. I mean, they’re not married yet or anything, but you know Sam. I think she’s really good for him, so that’s… It’s good, I mean. I’m not jealous or anything.
Dean shuts his eyes for a moment. There’s something about telling Sam that makes it a tangible thing. Like sobering up only became possible when he said it out loud to Cas. He’s worried this might be a similarly difficult endeavor.
Something spasms on older Dean's face, like maybe his anger is trying to give up into the worry it is so clearly masking, but he just shakes his head. He jerks his thumb at Dean. "If you're gonna go, take Bits with you."
Dean hears the echo of the old refrain in his head.
“Sorry.”
the only way to break the curse?"
At the same time, older Dean says “Oh, Jesus, no.”
Which was underselling it to the point of lying by omission, but Sam doesn't know what to tell younger Dean and what to leave for present-day Dean to explain.
“Jesus. Thanks, Charlie.”
“I do not believe God either hates or loves at all,” Cas says. His voice is quiet and Dean can’t see his face as he walks ahead of him on the narrow dirt trail.
Cas isn't sure how loaded of a statement this is supposed to be. Can he tell Dean that his gunpowder-whiskey-leather smell is the first thing Cas associates with home? Can Cas tell him that sometimes when they're driving at night, Cas looks at the stars and his chest aches so deeply for Heaven - not as it is, but what he once believed it to be - that he thinks he might die? Can Cas tell him that when Sam and Dean are both asleep in the bunker, sometimes Cas lays down on the cold hard floor and closes his eyes and imagines what it is like to dream?
The doctor had smiled at Dean as she gave Sam his shots and told him what a good, brave big brother he was. It wasn't the same as when his mom had said it, but it had made Dean's chest glow warm.
Sixteen-year-old Dean finally gets off the Impala and walks into the motel, now-Dean following numbly, Cas at his side.
This is something that just
Cas shrugs apologetically. “Even in Heaven, there was much debate on what exactly a soul is. God was never particularly forthcoming about it. Lately, well…" Cas glances at Jack and then back to the counter. "Sometimes I doubt that He understood at all what He was doing when He first created the concept of self. In fact, I'm not sure it wasn't wholly incidental to His design. But regardless," Cas drags his eyes from the counter and levels that intense stare at Dean. "Souls are more powerful than you imagine. More complex. Perhaps it would help to conceptualize the soul like DNA - as miles of material packed into one small body. It fits inside you and yet it is bigger than you are. One soul contains all the blinding light and radiation of a hundred suns. But this word, soul, it has layers that aren't… You have to unpack all of the cultural definitions in order to begin to talk about it. And there is much that I cannot confirm or deny about how humans define it."
“And I love you, Dean,” Cas murmurs against his mouth when Dean is straddling his lap and Cas has got one hand down his scrubs. Dean can’t help it if years of Dr. Sexy, M.D. have conditioned him to find Cas tearing his scrubs off incredibly hot. Perk of the job.
Dean discovers that sometimes when he's laying in the Impala, not sleeping, he can check-in on Sam. The time-lapse is weird at first, because he's not where Dean left him. It's a little heartbreaking, to watch Sam fight alone. Dean catches him making a fist and touching it to his heart before a fight, and he comes back to Baby with his eyes wet.
"You don't need fixing."
"What was behind the first door?"
"Yeah," Dean says, because he can't shake the image of his own hand wrapped around Cas' throat. "Fuck. Fine. Find me a shrink."
These days, Dean only lets himself come to Cas when he's either drunk or in complete emotional collapse. Cas, selfishly, oh so selfishly, prefers the latter, because at least emotionally devastated Dean wants affection, wants to be held and sometimes even to talk. They
It's the present tense of Cas' second sentence that undoes Dean. Like there is still something in him worth saving. Like Cas knows he's still in it, understands what this spell seems to understand so cruelly, that some part of Dean is still living in these moments.
Cas slipped out, undid his tie from Dean’s wrists and flopped over onto the mattress. Dean rolled over to bury his face in Cas’ chest before Cas even reached for him, and Cas wrapped his arms tight around him as if afraid Dean might run away if he didn’t.
Dean glanced at what little of the glass his father wasn't blocking and realized with a shuddering, sinking feeling that the view from the motel was a clear shot to the Impala. The car was parked in the shadows of a big oak tree and Dean couldn't really make out the interior from the room, but he realized he didn't know where his father had parked, or how long he'd been waiting there.
"Another superhero. Go on. Tell me someone you like less than Green Lantern."
"I'm fine, Sam." Dean rolls his own mug between his hands.
as Dean. This was easy math. The only surprising thing was that it never went farther. Take a kid and abandon him, abuse him, make him into a proxy partner for his father and parent for his little brother while he's still a child. Treat him like nothing he does will ever be enough when he can't rise to these roles. Make him feel worthless. Make him desperate for any form of love.
Sixteen-year-old Dean, standing in the parking lot sweating under his usual protective layer of flannel, just got the call from John saying he was back at the motel. Dean hasn’t told him yet, couldn’t bring himself to call him over the phone and confess his failure. He’d been holding on to a desperate hope that he could find Sam, or that Sam would come back on his own.
See end notes for additional content warnings.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Watch your step.” Cas nods at the rock jutting out of the middle of the path that he narrowly avoided tripping over, and Dean swerves around it.
Dean puts his hand to his chest, gasping. It feels like his heart is banging up against something, each beat roaring in his ears.. Cas is at his side, hand on his shoulder.
of dicks.
Things come out over time. Dean starts cautiously stepping through the door on his own - little steps at first, like how he’d practically raised Sammy and how he’d had to do that because their dad wasn’t really around. It’s easier to talk about it in terms of Sam, somehow. Dean tells Hank about all the stealing and lying he did as a kid, about the seedy bars he used to hustle pool or cards in and the men there who’d first taught him that his body had a cash price too.
"Are you sure?" Cas whispered, this untapped thing curling, tenuous and desirous, into his chest.
And fuck if he knows what to do with that. It all feels too late for him, like there's no way out except the sweet reward of death, that the only way to stop is to end. There's no neat resolution to his storyline, no way he gets written in character without tearing him up or dying bloody. He can't even fucking function - what kind of life could he ever have outside of all this death and hurting?
"Dude," Dean finally says, when he can't resist shifting uncomfortably under his gaze. "You've got to cool it with the staring. Has no one told you how weird it is?"
Sam had nodded absently, buried deep in an anthology of civil war military journals. "Sure, but does it matter to ichthyology?"
From there, things get easier. Sam adjusts his computer search to include a number of different spellings and shortenings: Cerodicus, Xerodicus, Cero, Xero, Zerodicus, Serodicus, Zero, Sero, Cerodycus…
The knife twists further and further into his gut and Dean wants to scream with the unfairness of it all.
Older Dean sighs and runs a hand over his face. He shuts his eyes for a second, and Dean looks at the crows feet around his eyes, the lines deepened in his forehead, the couple of gray hairs in his neglected facial hair.
. Father, too, is not wholly accurate. It is
Dean has made out with a couple of guys, but that's as far as he's ever gone exploring outside of a job. The couple of times he'd taken money to go further… he'd never exactly
"Okay," he said, not raising his head from Cas' shirtfront. "Fine."
"Sammy, if you guys want to trade in for a less grumpy Dean, I promise I'll be a saint."
The teenager turns and yells over her shoulder "Guys, Dee's here!" and she turns back to Dean and hugs him.
Sam sinks down on the bed next to Miracle. He's squinting at Dean suspiciously.
"And you're a time traveling version of me currently living in a secret bunker with your future self, your grown up baby brother, and an angel. So."
Everyone he ever cared about.
Hank just flashes him another small smile. “No. I’m making a note that this is something I think we can work on.”
Dean huffs out a breath and drums his fingers against the windowsill, but he leaves the stereo on as he turns back to keeping watch. Probably because the alternative is to return to painful silences they've been falling into.
Dean can’t help his breath hitching or the tears that fall down his face. “I’m in love with you,” he whispers, eyes shut tight because he’s a little bit of a coward after all.
Dean looks away and doesn’t answer.
And huh. Cassie. Cas. Dean never thought of it before, but his first love and his best friend… It's kind of funny.
“You get up to a lot of heists? Stealing from gods and shit?” Dean asks when they’ve walked for awhile and absolutely nothing else has happened.
Dean huffed a small laugh, nuzzling his face against him, half-asleep already.
“You can sit where you like,” Hank says, gesturing broadly. Dean gingerly takes a seat on one of the chairs, sitting stiffly right at the edge. Hank sits down in the chair across from him.
"Cas?"
Cas probably knows, but Dean is finding it increasingly difficult to meet his eyes.
They eat in silence until it’s gone, splitting the gooey middle and licking their fingers clean. Dean washes it down with his now cold coffee.
And even so, he pitches forward and kisses Cas, there in bed with him. For a second, Cas is too startled to respond, but then his hand comes up to the side of Dean’s face and he’s kissing him back and it’s…
“How about a snake?” Dean suggests.
"Dean. Come on. He should hear it from you."
“No, nothing. No wards, no gods.”
TREES
He can’t remember ever being held like this. It almost makes him want to sob, just naked emotion racking through him. He breathes out slow and heavy instead and curls his arms around Cas’ back. For the first time in a long time, he feels safe and small. For this moment that they are creating, for this wild temporary glitch in his life, Dean feels loved.
"Yes, he is," Sam says, before Dean can fire back. "Dean. Christ. You know we can use any help we can get clearing out a nest. Don't be a dick."
He can hear Sam calling his name again through the rushing noise in his ears, that low-level static he gets sometimes just turned all the way up, but everything, everything, is so far away. He stumbles off the shoulder of the highway into the scraggly copse of trees that leads downhill to a more properly woodsy area. The ground here is strewn with litter, the debris of the highway accumulating over time into a layer of trash mashed into the dirt. The dirt is faintly red in color. Dean notices these things absently, his brain trying to latch onto the details outside himself.
"He's getting the car. He's fine."
Cas looks at him, waiting.
Chapter Content Warnings: internalized homophobia, internalized misogyny, depictions of therapy, discussion of past sex work (as teenager, implied underage), suicidal ideation, discussion of past childhood emotional abuse and neglect, discussion of past trauma/reliving trauma, nightmares, flashbacks, panic attacks, PTSD, other mental health issues, (unintentional) domestic violence, brief reference to past childhood sexual abuse, alcoholism, past food insecurity, self-esteem issues
Sam clears his throat. “Well,” he says. “I guess you can take one of Dean’s fake passports. Not that you’re likely to get stopped once Cas transports you in, but just in case. Maybe take a stake from a lightning struck tree. I think we’ve got one around here somewhere. They tend to work on Greek Go-” Sam stops. “Huh,” he says. “If they work on Greek Gods, do you think they might kill Xerodicus? Same mythology, right? And it’s another wood thing.”
It was perilously close to crossing a line, and Cas knew it. He waited, hesitant, for Dean to push back or go stiff, but he did neither.
Jack bounces up to Cas’ other side, apparently oblivious to what transpired. “The sign says the next exhibit has kangaroos!” he says excitedly. Dean has never seen him look so young.
Actually, no, he really can't breathe. There's something wrong with his chest.
"Who the hell are you?" Dean spits out. Because the man in front of him looks a lot like Sam, he even sounds like Sam, but it's all wrong. The man's voice is deeper, his inflection off. His hair is almost shoulder length and his body is all filled out and tapered and he holds himself like he knows how to handle his indecently long limbs, not like he's an overgrown puppy. And his face… Dean hasn't got a clue what's going on, but even so, this stranger's face kind of breaks his heart. It's so much like Sammy's, but like something is
The dizziness magnifies, and Dean’s lightheaded, his vision is going black.
Dean clears his throat. "He just, uh. Cas, he said… Well, he told me… He…"
They let go, never lingering too long, never enough, and Sam claps him on the shoulder. His eyes are still bright.
"Joanna Beth," Ellen warns from Bobby's other side.
"I'm not proud of everything I did. I know how it must sound, and I can't… I can't explain those choices away. But I hope you can understand that I… I always thought I was doing the right thing. However messed up it sounds, I thought I was doing it for us."
"I thought we were meeting in Illinois. Is… everything okay?"
Dean lets himself cover his face with his hands for just a moment, just looking into the dark of his own eyelids and trying to forget the feeling of fucking serenity that his sixteen-year-old self had on that motel room floor.
Hank laughs lightly and stands up, holding out a hand to Dean again. “Challenge accepted.”
Sam's eyes are as wide as Dean's ever seen them and his apparent shock makes Dean feel vaguely annoyed.
"Nah, man, we were only there like three days. Dad wasn't gone that long. You must be mixing trips up."
“I think so.” Sam laughs softly. “I thought we’d rename Barbara until you pointed out we could call her Bobby. I wouldn’t have picked it, but when it’s already right there… And Leslie is a cute name anway too.”
Rocksalt.
When Eileen wins out on the right to cook the meat, Dean takes Jude out to the barn and lets him help saddle up one of the friendlier horses. The big white horse with gray speckled is a few years along in rehab. Dean mostly calls him Scarface, but switches to Montana when Cas gets annoyed and righteous about it. The horse has a horrific scar splitting right down his face from forehead to muzzle. He came to them skittish with a bad case of mange, but Dean fell in love with him right away. Maybe it was just all those dreams of becoming a cowboy, maybe it was the long term act of earning the horse’s trust, but Dean had just known this was one of the few animals he was going to take care of himself. There was something about helping this abused animal to heal that maybe healed Dean a little too.
“I didn’t realize,” Cas murmurs, eyes still shut. When he opens them, he looks directly at Sam and the sadness and worry there is as old as time. “I think it was a goodbye.”
The building doesn't look like much from the outside, at least not yet. There's no sign, no indication that it's a business, but inside it's an almost finished bar.
For a little while, between Dean's initial panic over having sex with Cas, and whatever they are now, there was a time when Cas thought they might actually be something more. They'd become comfortable with each other in a way Cas had never dared to expect.
Dean can't explain the relief of it.
"I know, Dean." Cas' voice is gentle, kind. Like maybe he's had this conversation before and was even expecting it. At least he calls him by his name without hesitation, like Dean is still a person.
"I mean, it's complicated because of the other guy." Dean can't bring himself to just call him "Dean." It's too fucking weird.
Rhonda takes the phone and smiles down at the photo of Jude laughing in Sam's arms. Dean may or may not have a printout of this photo on their hearth mantle back home.
“Yeah. I… I could do that,” Dean says.
“Oh,” the lady doing most of the talking says, looking at Sam with surprised concern. “We don’t want to get rid of him. Not unless he’s suffering.”
Sam closes the door again, but he slumps against the wall, sliding down until he's sitting across from Dean's bedroom, head on his knees, gun hanging loosely in hand.
"What have I told you about backtalking me, boy?" John tossed the last of his arsenal into the old green duffel bag and zipped it up, throwing it over one shoulder. He gazed down at Dean with something like anger mixed with disgust. "Don't make me remind you how to follow an order."
The backdoor opens and Sam calls them in for dinner. Dean helps Jude wash his hands, and when they make it back into the dining room, the couple from Sam and Eileen’s synagogue have arrived with their two year-old son. Jude and Davey get very excited to see each other, as always, and no one tries to make them sit down to eat as they zoom around the table laughing.
“Well,” Sam says after the curator hangs up. “That’s something at least.” He looks tired, as always, but satisfied.
"I have not been
Older Dean didn’t say much about it, when he dropped that bombshell in the middle of his apocalypse story. Dean had to stop him and ask “What?” in a voice that he hoped wasn’t too choked. Older Dean had given him a look, something that might even have been sympathetic, and Dean wasn’t going to press for too many details when his older self already thought he was weak and useless, but… fuck.
