Steve’s shoulders slumped, and he bristled defensively. “You were just going to let me stew over here and throw a fit?”
“I think she likes us,” Bucky huffed under his breath sarcastically to Steve, moving to slide the barn door open.
“Because you wanted to take over your father’s business and that entails duties other than signing contracts and brooding by windows,” Bucky chirped, grinning at Steve before he knocked back a long sip of scotch. “Your partnership with Howard is one of the few reasons you’re even still in power, so I think you can handle entertaining his child for fifteen minutes.” Bucky placed the emptied glass in the bar sink. “And that’s all it’ll be: fifteen minutes. I think you can survive that.”
"Tony, you couldn’t have possibly known that that meant he’d get me. I don’t blame you. Promise," he murmured gently. “I was just at the wrong place at the wrong time," he shrugged before pausing and narrowing his eyes. “Obadiah? As in Obadiah Stane?"
Bucky scoffed, shaking his head and settling back into the straw. “We are not following your lead without knowing what you’re heading towards. I’m gonna need a lot more than ‘stuff’.”
“I regret wearing navy,” she began cautiously, and Steve pointed ignored how Bucky raised his scotch glass in a mock toast in the corner of his eye. “If only because Ty’s been complaining about how dull we look. But I wasn’t here to make a statement anyhow.”
Obadiah hummed thoughtfully, looking from Bucky to Tony. "I suppose. I'll give you one day. To help him In anyway you see fit. But by lunchtime tomorrow, I expect you to be back working on my weapons, Anthony."
Steve’s brow furrowed, expression only growing more annoyed. Pressing down a button on the phone, Steve leaned in. “What four o’clock? I thought I was done for the day,” Steve asked. “Why am I just now hearing about this, Sharon?"
Steve shrugged slowly, but his grip on the steering wheel tightened. “I don’t know. We haven’t started anything lately so I don’t know who would be out to get him or us."
I hope you guys liked the taste of our characters when they were young, full of emotions, and new to the mob scene. Now back to our regularly scheduled passive-aggressive programming for this little transition chapter!
His eyes shifted to Bruce, who was calmly sipping his coffee. Bruce? No, Clint crossed that name right off the list. He hoped
Clint rolled his eyes, grabbing the coffee cup and padding into the kitchen, placing it in the sink. “You’re younger than me, so Im allowed to call you ‘kid’. And even if you were almost done, we both know you would’ve kept going,” Clint huffed as he moved back to Tony. “Honestly, you spend hours every night on that damn laptop doing nothing.”
The night was darker than usual, the moon covered by a thick array of clouds, leaving Bucky to rely only on his headlights and the streetlamps to see. Everything was going smoothly until his spotted and crowd running from the club they had been at the night before. Frowning, Bucky pulled over and slid out of the car, handgun ready as he moved to the door. He grabbed the arm of a passing man, turning him. “What’s going on?"
“A bit young for graduating college at the time, weren’t you?” Bucky asked, mostly to keep her talking, open her up a bit more.
The blonde continued on down the hall, opening each door slowly and peaking his head inside. The rooms on the left had no windows and were near pitch black inside, but nothing stirred at his entrance and he deemed them safe. The door at the end of the hall was just a bathroom, which left the second door on the right. With a brief pause, Steve twisted the knob with all intentions of shoving inside, but it was locked. Did he want to know what was on the other side?
Steve rolled his eyes, swatting at Bucky’s head. “That’s fine to like him. But I don’t wanna find you humping the kid, Barnes, you know Clint will kill you. I know how you get,” Steve teased, standing and brushing himself off, folding the paper back up. “I have paperwork to do; make sure no one disturbs me,” he said, the commanding tone in his voice letting them know he meant business. “Gentlemen, Princess,” he excused himself, leaving.
Tony nodded and chewed at his bacon, eyes anywhere but on the mob boss as he ate. “Of course, sir." Tony murmured and rubbed at his neck as he sipped his coffee.
It was only then that Steve became aware of his audience, his cool blue eyes flicking up to catch Toni’s over the man’s head. The man followed Steve’s gaze, and Toni didn’t miss the sharp relief in his expression at having a witness in the room. It was a nice contrast to Steve’s clenching jaw.  Toni could only smile in amusement, pushing off of the door frame and continuing further into the room. “You know,” Toni chirped, approaching the bar to examine the liquor on display. “You really should invest in better security. I mean, anyone could just walk in here at the most inconvenient time.”
Tony grinned wider. “You tell me, Rogers. You obviously don’t seem to like that I spend so much time with Bruce. Is it because you wish I’d spend more time with you? That’s it, isn’t it? You’re jealous that Bruce and I are getting along so well and you feel like it should be you. You’re mad that Bruce and I spent so much time together and I hardly get to-“
“I blocked off the door when I left yesterday,” Bucky warned Steve as they came to a stop before the supermarket’s entrance. “I took the time to clear out the walkers yesterday; didn’t want any to come back before we did.”
contacts couldn’t find anything out? Then Bucky was truly off the grid. At least there wasn’t a body yet; that thought was the one thing keeping Steve sane, giving him hope. “Stark would have the means to keep Bucky well hidden. Anyone involved would be too afraid to cross him.”
"Good, lets get the Hell out of here," Steve grumbled, nodding to Rhodey and Dugan before immediately moving back to the entrance, fighting through the last of the guards and the fleeing workers.
The back door was suddenly thrown open and Justin stalked out into the parking lot. He took one look to his guards before growling. “I want you to find who did this!" He snarled and they nodded immediately, taking position on either side of Hammer as the slowly scanned the car and the parking lot.
Steve hummed, lifting his eyes to regard Toni with a bored expression, so different from the glare he sent her moments before. “Sounds more like you’re desperate for your father’s approval after you disappointed him so badly, turning your back on his legacy and whatnot.”
Instead, he moved straight to the lab, yawning as he padded into the cool room. Bucky was fast asleep on the clean cot in the corner, the only form of bed Obadiah had been gracious enough to offer the “lackey". Tony moved straight for the pieces of metal he had been working with the night before, eyes focused as his nimble fingers worked to connect the wiring with the structure of the weapon. He barely notices Donovan as the agent sauntered up beside him, placing a hand on the lab table on either side of Tony. “What are you working on?" he purred softly.
Clint growled and punched Loki again, satisfied with the split lip he created, although his anger was still raging. “Who’s your boss?"
The coffee was terrible. Tony stared down at the cup, huffing softly and taking another experimental sip. Why did it taste so funny? He rubbed his face slowly, beginning to feel a bit drowsy as he glanced to Loki, finding the man smirking as he sipped from his own mug and leaned against the counter. “How does the coffee taste, Tony?”
“Engaged,” Bucky corrected, crossing his arms and leaning against the wall beside him. “And they still have a considerable amount of influence over Stark’s decisions. And since Stone is in line to take over Howard’s business, you better get used to working with him.”
Steve’s smirk widened as Justin’s screams filled the small basement, watching as Clint broke the man’s index finger. “I’ll ask again, Hammer. When’s the invasion?" Steve growled, fist connecting with the second in command’s jaw.
Toni glowered at the brunet, but instead of offering a snippy reply she turned for the door. “Let’s go. The only people wasting daylight are you idiots.”
Steve’s words echoed in Tony’s mind as his eyes widened. Before he even had a chance to speak, his world was engulfed by darkness and Tony was falling to the tile floor unconscious. The only sound coming from his shattering coffee cup.
The boss hummed, giving Justin a nod before returning to the file. “Twenty years old.” The boss commented, flipping a paper over. “He seems to have a few health issues regarding his heart. High grades in high school. Unemployed at the moment.”
“And you are the one who just found out your fiancé is a psycho,” Bucky retorted, raising a brow. “My wounds are physical, for the most part. But you look like you have a lot going on in that crazy head of yours,” he added, tapping a finger against her temple.
Toni opened her mouth, but couldn’t think of an argument. Logically, he was right. Steve wanted the big business, he should have to deal with the retaliation himself. No one would respect him otherwise. But this was the part of the mob business Toni hated: senseless harming of individuals to make a point. She rejected the use of killing and torture in their line of work, and it was part of the reason she had and would continue to refuse taking on the family business from her father when he retired. Someone was intending to harm Bucky to get to Rogers, and it was all barbaric. Uncivilized, compared to the financial finagling and publicity Toni manipulated for their business. She had the public and the government supporting the Stark name, the family was receiving a huge payload through her work, and it all happened without killing some poor lackey who had signed up with a mob to make a quick buck for themselves or their family.
Was it Bucky? Could the brunette have ignored all of Clint’s warnings and decided that he wanted Tony? They had spent most of their time together at Obidiah’s. But as Natasha’s hand subtly brushed against Bucky’s arm, Clint decided to let that accusation drop. By Bucky’s warm smile, Clint could tell that the brunette had his eyes set on someone else.
He caught up to Thor in the center, finding the blonde connecting the last wires of the circuitry before nodding to Steve. "The explosive has been armed, Captain."
“Well, he’s my godfather and he’s always played a big part in my life,” Toni explained, facing the window to avoid his searching gaze. “And now that I know you two are well acquainted, we should start spending more time together. It would mean a lot to me, to see my fiancé and godfather bonding; it’s good to see you fitting in with my family.”
“Tony, please just listen to me,” Steve insisted, walking over and placing his hands on Tony’s shoulders. “I love you more than anything in this world, and I wouldn’t trade what we have for anything, even if it was another chance with Peggy. Im sorry I forgot your birthday and I promise it’ll never happen again.”
“-And I don’t want you going back out to face your kidnappers until you’re at your best. Once your wound is healed,” Steve shot back, pointing a finger at his friend. “I have more faith in you than anyone in my life, but you’re not in peak condition at the moment and I can’t let you go back out there and risk you getting taken again.”
Obadiah tutted, shaking his head. "Now where is the fun in that? I'm nothing if I'm not creative," Obadiah smirked. "Unfortunately, we weren't planning on him losing an arm. He just got out of surgery about a few hours ago. I had my doctors amputate."
It didn’t mean Bucky felt any better about being sentenced to the sidelines for the next two weeks. The bastards who had taken him, who had threatened the very stability in the city that provided safety for his friends, were still on the loose. Bucky was itching to take Stane’s forces on and put a bullet between his lackey’s head. Raza had done a number on him and Bucky had every intention of returning the favor. How could he do that if he was confined to Rogers’ estate?
He wanted a fight but Toni didn’t take the bait. She wasn’t interested in trading petty insults, she wanted Steve to understand. Needed him to. Because while she could agree that her father was the only one Steve dealt with that could have the reason and ability to take Barnes, she just couldn’t see her father doing that. Not to the man he considered a son. Toni calmly approached the desk, pressing her hands to the edge as she leaned in towards him. “This is more than “blind faith.” This is a warning, not from Howard, but from the girl who has spent her life watching him do business,” Toni’s voice took on a quiet whisper, harsh and quick as if she was afraid of listening ears. She was. “If Howard even catches a whiff that you’re doubting him, he will drop you and tear you to pieces like you meant nothing to him. Do not go making accusations about him to anyone until you are absolutely sure.”
“Good.” Natasha nodded resolutely, her expression returning to its carefully neutral state. “We’ll get our information sooner or later. Once it hits forty-eight hours, then we’ll start pushing our suspicions. Not just on Stark, but anyone who might have a reason to take you on.”
“This isn’t about running into Rogers earlier today, is it? I didn’t really want to see him or that street rat Barnes here tonight, either. I guess they’ll let anyone in these days who can write a check over a hundred dollars,” Ty snorted. “But hopefully your father won’t send you anywhere near him for the foreseeable future.”
recently acquainted, after all. “But if you’re going off of those in attendance, I highly doubt some of your guests tonight are personal friends of Ms. Stark. But that’s business.”
Loki opened his mouth again but quickly shut it, thinking better of what he was going to spit out. “It’s your fault he’s in this, Captain. If you hadn’t told that mugger Tony was under your protection, the boss never would have taken interest in the brat."
“Alright, but I don't want to have to see him all bruised and broken in my lab later.” Bruce called.
“Of course you’d say that. There’s that blind faith in your father again, so desperate for him to approve of you. You’re telling me that he’s not capable of doing this? That he isn’t the only man in this city that I do business with who’s in a position to take me down like this?” Steve accused.
“Steve, it’s great to see you here,” Howard greeted. Steve stood dutifully to accept the older man’s outstretched hand in a firm shake. “It’s been a while since we’ve been able to meet outside of an office.”
Clint gave a nod as he approached the opening, glancing in before shifting and sending his foot hard down into the metal, watching the covering fold in on itself and fall to the floor below. In one shift movement, Clint slid out of the vent and landed on the lab table silently, jumping to the floor and glancing around eagerly for his brother.
The brunet tossed his jacket over the back of the brown leather chair before Steve’s desk, rolling up the sleeves of his white button-down on his way to the bar in the corner. His dark locks were freshly styled, and Steve would’ve sworn his friend had just started his day if it wasn’t for the dark-red speckles of blood staining the sleeve of his right arm. No doubt from Bucky’s “meeting” this morning. “And who am I supposed to be meeting with?” Steve asked, brow arched.
to drop off the new contracts for you to sign. I made the mistake of mentioning that I was traveling through this part of town, and my father thought I could afford to make a stop on the way for him. Kill two birds with one stone, and all that,” Toni muttered, fishing through her bag and producing an array of folders. “He said you would be expecting them.”
Tony felt himself relax slightly, happy to know that everyone seemed okay. But that still didn’t mean they were out of danger. They had gotten lucky once, but if Tony slipped up, who knew what would happen? Looking over them one last time, Tony moved out of the lab to the dining room where a plate of eggs and bacon were waiting for them. “Good morning, Anthony," Obadiah greeted from behind the paper he was reading.
Tony stirred with a groan, eyes blinking open as he shifted in the large bed to roll onto his back. He glanced slowly around the room Obadiah had given him, rubbing his face as he sat up. He must’ve fallen asleep in the lab again and Bucky was nice enough to carry him to bed. He huffed softly and slid out from under the sheets, slowly moving from the room and down the stairs. He briefly contemplated joining Obadiah for breakfast but after they were caught contacting Clint, Tony didn’t want to risk finding a way to anger him more.
When they reached the house, Clint led Steve to the kitchen where the man immediately pushed Tony down into a chair at the table. "Clint, you talk first." He ordered, irritation clear in his expression as he sat down across from Tony.
Howard kept his eyes forward, but he smiled again as he sipped his martini. “I take it you’re aware of what I do, then. More than what the magazines and newspapers cover on me,” Howard hummed, finally turning to meet Steve’s gaze. His eyes were a sharp, electric blue. Just like his daughter’s, Steve noted. “And what do you do for work, Mr…?”
Bucky didn’t have to be told twice, snatching the doorknob and shoving the door open. His intrusion didn’t seem to disturb either one of the yelling occupants, both standing from their chairs and leaning over the large desk to get in one another’s face. Bucky made his way towards the desk, glowering the entire way. First, he has to chase a dirty manager down from a five story apartment, and now he’s reduced to a fucking babysitter. “Alright, that’s enough!” Bucky’s hand smacked against the desk hard, drawing the two from their glaring match with a harsh jerk. “What the fuck is going on here?”
Rhodey hummed, turning onto a backstreet that would lead the small team up to the back entrance of the factory. “Two minutes. Just relax, Steve. We’re almost there.”
"Go on, Steven. The bomb will explode any second and I have become nothing but dead weight," Thor said, hand gripping his thigh where the blood was sluggishly beginning to pool.
Because although Bucky was his second in command, Steve didn’t give him orders and Bucky didn’t follow him just because he was the boss. They were friends, equals until the end. Bucky was much more than the others who worked for Steve. He had been there since the beginning and Steve knew he would find him there at the end. Still, Steve looked over his shoulder, jaw clenching as he nodded once. “It is.”
“Both are excellent questions,” the woman chirped, tucking his knife into her pocket before she bent down to collect his backpack. “My name is Toni and I am robbing you.”
“Sounds like a plan. Take the backpacks,” Bucky requested, curling Toni towards his chest and continuing on. “We’re coming up on a dirt road. Let’s see where it goes.”
“And so you thought that justified you lying about or relationship? To drag me down with you even though the only thing I know about you is that you’re a fraud?” Toni hissed, standing sharply from her seat and planting her hands on the table.
"My second in command was taken by your little mob," Obidiah hissed into Tony’s ear, watching with satisfaction as the boy jerked nervously from the voice, coughing hard. "Which means they know I have you." He hissed. "What did you tell them when you messaged them?"
Toni took a breath, like she’s had to tell this story a million times or… or she hasn’t had to tell it at all before. “When things started to go down, the military recruited my father. My mother was already turned, so they escorted me and my dad out of New York just when it was starting to get overrun.” She paused, swallowing thickly and she still refused to meet his eyes. “They took us to a military base outside of the city where they were loading up a few families onto different planes with different destinations. Diplomats, scientists, generals. You name it, they all got first class tickets away from the virus.”
“You’re not wrong, but I was still tricked. Still lied to, and I hate being lied to,” Toni muttered, coming to a stop at another light. “But it’s not just Ty. Obadiah is family; he’s my godfather. He’s always been in my life, helping dad and me out after mom died. I can’t believe he would… that my father would allow this.”
Tony grumbled softly and stirred, slowly sitting up and rubbing his face. “Bucky?" he mumbled sleepily, smiling slowly. “How does the arm work? Feel okay?" he asked, rubbing his eyes as he stretched slowly.
Bucky’s head snapped up. Fiancé? They were talking about- A foot connected with his stomach and the brunet lurched forward with a pained wheeze. “Looks like our guest is awake,” the less familiar voice hummed, feet scuffing on the cement as he turned. “Have your fun until he’s unconscious, but don’t kill him yet. It can be so hard to get rid of the smell.”
Steve turned his head to Bucky, the only other man he had decided to bring with him on the interrogation. He knew Thor would be too biased and currently, Bruce was tending to Phil while Natasha was resting.Besides, Bucky and Clint were all he needed. “Put the video in," he growled, earning a stiff nod from Bucky.
"I knew you’d be a promising investment, Anthony," Obadiah praised and Tony felt himself relax a little more. “I cannot wait to see your work." He hummed, biting into his eggs.
Bucky didn’t have to ask why and he didn’t, simply nodding and taking the flashlight with him. Steve turned back to the girl, taking up her hand again and holding it tight. “I know you’re not doing so hot, but Bucky and I are going to take care of you. I promise.” She looked so doubtful and unsure of his statement that Steve almost faltered. She really couldn’t bring herself to trust him, after all they’ve done for her. What had happened in her past? “Toni, look at me. Hey,” Steve insisted, taking her chin. “I don’t know who hurt you before, but Buck and I? We’ll never do that. We brought you this far, we only intend on helping you further.”
“On the phone,” Toni clarified, taking a seat at her vanity table and sorting through her makeup. “Who were you talking to?”
“I’m sure he had wonderful things to say about me,” Steve huffed, taking a sip of his whiskey before looking her over. She could see he was still confused by her presence, uneasy even. After a moment, he spoke again, as if trying to test what a normal conversation with her would be like. “I’m just trying to look out for him.”
It was an hour into their hike along the side of the abandoned road, weaving through trees here and there, when they heard it. A high pitched scream to their left. It frightened the birds, who squawked and fluttered from the trees in a massive flock. “Oh, this is looking like my lucky day, Stevie. Sounds like our thief got into some trouble,” Bucky grinned over his shoulder, raising his pistol and taking off through the trees.
Steve snorted, giving Bucky a look. “I don’t have to tell you anything. Just because you aren’t getting any doesn’t mean you can live off the details of my sex life.”
Bucky descended the stairs slowly, leaving the private rooms of the eastern wing for the center of the house. But food was not Bucky’s objective, and he passed up the kitchen in favor of stepping into the lounge. It had been a long day, arguing with Steve and spending the hours afterwards silently fuming, and the only thing Bucky wanted was a stiff drink. The lounge was one of the focal points of the estate, where Steve would entertain close business partners during the day and share drinks with his coworkers and friends during the night. A large rug spanned the hardwood floor, from the bookshelves on one wall to the fireplace on the other side. Two couches faced each other in the center, separated by a mahogany coffee table. Against the wall across from the entrance was a full bar, with a variety of bottles and a few stools along the counter. There was a reason Steve’s workers frequented this room.
“So you’ve been working your way to Ontario since then?” But that was two years ago; Bucky would guess she would’ve been farther north by now, even if she was traveling on foot.
,” Steve hissed, motioning towards the bandages. “And I have complete faith in Dr. Banner’s work, but it’s too soon.”
Bucky hummed a soft agreement. “Yes, but look at it this way: you could have actually married him. You got the wakeup call before you got too committed.”
The blonde took the steps quietly, two at a time as he kept his gun aimed and ready to fire. He checked the first two doors on the left, finding nothing but a bathroom and a closet, while the first door on the right was an empty bedroom. He slowly moved to the last door, turning the knob slowly and opening it,  a smirk crossing his face at the sleeping form in the bed.
Steve turned to the man in confusion, only to follow his gaze over the edge and towards the rocky ground below. A little to their right was a small brunette figure, lying face down on the stone with an orange-clad zombie laying only a few feet away. It was a hunter, if the orange vest was anything to go by, and it must’ve spooked the girl right over the edge just as easily as Bucky had almost gone over. The thing must have followed her down.
“Alright, enough with your “sign from above” bullshit,” Toni rasped, but she afforded him a thin smile. She squeezed his hand, before raising a brow at the cool press of metal against her fingers. “You two are married,” she said matter-of-factly.
Toni slid into the driver’s seat of her car, distantly staring down at the steering wheel as she turned the key in the ignition. A bad feeling was settling in her stomach, a sense of foreboding digging icy claws into her shoulders. If this was more than just a petty move against Steve or Barnes, than that meant someone was trying to throw a wrench in the delicate peace New York City maintained. It would mean there are bad things to come.
Steve grunted in acknowledgement, nodding slowly. Thor was right; the more Steve doubted his team’s abilities, the more likely something was to go wrong. But at the moment, Steve’s main focus was to get Bucky and Tony back. He hasn’t lost a man yet and it wont happen today.
Steve nodded, shouldering his shotgun. He took a moment to pry the newspaper dispensers from the doorway, having to slide aside a display of shovels and a motorized shopping cart before the automatic doors were clear. They were parted only an inch, and Steve wasted no time sliding his fingers into the gap and forcing doors open. When Bucky and Toni were through, Steve followed them, forcing the doors closed behind them. “I think we should use shopping carts. We have a lot to go through today between all the stores. I know we can’t keep everything, but we can grab everything we see and waste time sorting through it all tonight when we’re holed up for the night,” Steve suggested, rolling a cart towards Bucky before taking one for himself.
“Please, and have my beautiful hair turn grey at thirty from the stress? It’s all yours, buddy. I’m just here to make your life easier and drink your liquor,” Bucky snorted, turning his attention to his whiskey. “Now, the only real obstacle is that you’ll have to actually talk to a girl and win her over.”
It was easier to hear the music there, though that didn’t seem to help Justin’s sense of rhythm. Placing one hand on his shoulder and raising her other to meet his in the air, Toni allowed Justin to clumsily lead her through the song. He was bragging about something or other, a recent business venture that went his way or a shootout at one of his warehouses, and Toni was reminded once again why she didn’t like this man. Everything was about him, and he was unable to keep his mouth shut about things that really shouldn’t be discussed in public.
“It was nothing,” Toni shook her head, waving her hand dismissively and leaning back into the couch. “I couldn’t leave him there like that.”
Steve tugged the phone away from his ear, whirling around to level Toni with a dark look. “Are you fucking serious, Stark? I don’t have time for the fucking contracts,” Steve hissed lowly, before turning back to the phone. “No, I don’t want the police involved, Nat. Only as a last resort.”
Steve made a face. “You’re an ass. Speaking of not seeing anyone all night, where have you run off to?”
“A flashdrive? That’s the only thing you have to offer me?” The boss’s voices was calm but the anger was unmistakable.
"Just try to stall for as long as you can, alright? Will figure out a way to get a message to them," Bucky reassured. “Whether its through note or bribe or even a signal. I mean-"
Did they steal any money? Bucky ducked when a hunk of metal was lobbed through the window, smacking against the wall and falling the ground. Bucky watched the object roll to his feet and he frown, leaning over. “What the…" He trailed off, eyes widening.Grenade.
Tony frowned, stepping close towards the entrance. He already had a bad feeling in his gut, and by the pleas for help coming from the alley, it only got worse. He swallowed, slowly stepping out into view and gasping at the sight before him. There, illuminated by the moonlight, was the poor bound man that had been dragged out of the car, crying out as a red-headed woman kneed him in the stomach.
“You must be Clint’s little brother. I have heard much about you! I am Thor!” Thor boom and Tony whined, wiggling in his hold. “Buddy, I’m right here, no need to yell.”
He could see the door when he heard Thor give a soft grunt and turned to see the foreign man slump to his knees, cradling his thigh that showed off a nasty gunshot wound. "Fuck, Thor!" Steve hissed, quickly shooting down the guard behind Thor.
Steve smacked his arm anyhow. “What Bucky meant to say is that we’re trying to help you, because right now, we’re a team. A team that really needs to make it to town.”
Natasha raised her gaze, watching Steve for a moment before smiling as she popped a pepperoni into her mouth. “She’s growing on you.”
They all piled into the car, sitting in silence as the drove to the Estate. They could all tell that Steve was in deep thought, trying to figure out the point of the attack, and no one wanted to be the one to break his concentration. As they pulled up to the Estate, they all made quick work to move to the house, eager to rest after the stressful experience. “Wait until you meet Tony, Nat," Clint smiled slightly, pushing open the front door and walking in. “Hey, Tony, Loki, we’re back."
stopping Obadiah’s weapons. “Alright,” he nodded, cool eyes turning back to the map. “I’ll take Thor, Rhodes and Dugan with me to the factory.” He said, looking over the group.
She clearly didn’t want to go any further into the conversation, and Bucky wouldn’t push. She had given him a lot just now, and maybe the rest of the story would come over time, when she was more comfortable. He appreciated her effort, and although he still hadn’t forgiven her for how she acted when they met, it was a step in the right direction. Enough so that Bucky decided to offer his own personal anecdote, an olive branch after she opened herself up. “We weren’t even supposed to be in Brooklyn, when it all happened. We were deployed in Afghanistan, Steve and I, but we… we were on mission when our group was ambushed. I got shot in my left shoulder and suffered some nerve damage. Got an honorable discharge and shipped home. Steve, the stubborn bastard, made a big fuss until they gave him leave to come help me settle in with physical therapy and all.”
Toni laughed shakily, sparing a quick glance at Bucky over her shoulder before she turned back to the road and hit the gas. “Am
Tony nodded hesitantly, setting down the almost finished prototype of his gauntlet weapon. “Alright,” he mumbled, giving Bucky a brief look before following Donovan out of the lab.
They finally crossed the door frame of the sitting room and into the safety of the foyer, Toni finally exhaling shakily through her nose. They were in the home stretch now. Toni’s hand closed around the doorknob and tugged, the front door swinging open.
“Yeah, talk to me when you put those programs to good use,” Clint mumbled, giving Tony a light shove towards the stairs. “Now, go to bed. I’ll be right behind you.”
"You know, you'll have to tell my brother about this little thing between us sooner or later," Tony whispered breathlessly, grinning up to Steve.
"But sir," The agent insisted, stepping forward to produce a tablet. "The silent alarm at the delivery door has been tripped and we had no records of deliveries coming at this time."
"Don’t know. We were doing our usual rounds of the neighborhood when we saw people run out of the bar screaming. We were just walking in to check it out when those guys started firing." Natasha reported, leaning over the edge of the table to fire a couple of rounds.
Steve took a breath before turning towards the brunette. “Ms. Stark,” he greeted, watching tentatively as she dutifully stood. Toni accepted Steve’s offered hand, though her eyes followed Ty. “I see you have helped yourself to my wine.”
Bucky packed up his bag and slid one backpack on each shoulder. Steve’s shotgun laid just to their right, alongside Bucky’s rifle. The girl must have been struggling with carrying both when the zombie scared her. They had gotten dinged up in the fall, but both were still operable and Bucky tossed the shotgun to Steve. The blonde tucked his arm through the strap before he bent down and scooped the girl up into his arms. “I meant what I said, Steve,” Bucky muttered, checking to make sure his rifle was loaded. “She’s your responsibility. My only job in this world is keeping you and me alive. That’s it.”
“I don’t think we were planning on it, not that we’ve planned that far,” Bucky admitted, looking back to the girl and motioning to the arm. “It’s not like you can really fend for yourself like that. And like I said, Steve doesn’t leave anybody behind. But let me tell you, if you want to stay with us, you’re going to play by our rules. You’re going to listen to us and you definitely are not going to fuck us over like before. You hear me?”
“I was carrying too much. That thing came out of nowhere and I didn’t have time to aim properly before I was slipping over the edge,” Toni explained, her good hand picking at the hem of Bucky’s flannel shirt wrapped around her. “You gonna leave me in this next town?”
With that dismissal, the man quickly sprung from his chair and left the office, closing the door behind him and leaving the two alone. “How scary you are when money is on the line,” Toni commented, lifting up the bottle of scotch to examine the make.
Bucky snorted from behind them, walking over and looking Tony over. "This is your brother, isn't it?" he grinned, nudging Clint. "You are in some deep shit," he snickered, opening his mouth to say more but a look from Steve silenced him and he stepped away.
In contrast with the glittering atmosphere, her dress was a bold, midnight black. The dark fabric stood as an anchor point for the entire scene, despite how the dark design was accented with thin, wispy white stripes. The off-the-shoulder neckline wrapped around her arms with wide sleeves, plunging down in the center to meet the tight bodice. The full, silk skirt began at her waist, brushing the ground around her with sweeps of negative space. The skirt parted in the center like drawn curtains, exposing a single strip of clean black silk. Toni’s eyes were painted black as well, the eyeshadow blended out into thick wings as soft as feathers. Her long, dark curls were pinned up into a loose bun at the top of her head, giving a clear view of her sharp, blue eyes. Those same blue eyes drifted over the crowd, finding it all to center around Howard Stark. The man was standing at the head table, inspecting his glass of scotch in boredom as the businessmen surrounding him fought for his attention. Perhaps she should rescue him.
"Hey," Tony said, nudging Clint and forcing him to meet his gaze. "You’re still a great big brother. And don’t worry, if Steve was actually taking advantage of me, I’d kick his ass myself. And the lovable lug he is, he’d let me."
“I was searching the general store,” the brunet huffed, approaching the girl and sliding Steve’s bag from her arm. He tossed it over to his partner, who quickly shoved his sketchbook in with the rest of his belongings. “I didn’t realize you were
Bucky blinked, still in shock that Tony was here. So it must have been his captor who took Tony. “You…you did this?" Bucky asked, motioning to the metallic arm and stretching it out slowly.
Bucky scoffed, nudging Tony with a smirk. “Come on, anyone can see what’s going on between you and Steve. Besides Clint, but I think that’s for the best." He teased. “You two spent all day in the gym the other day, and you two sat together at movie night, and the way he gets jealous every time you and Bruce spend time together."
“Obadiah has been helping me run a few financial maneuvers over a few investors giving me trouble,” Ty explained, passing the beer to Obadiah and offering him a seat on the couch. “He’s just giving me a few last minute tips for tonight.”
“All things that I want to do, once I have my importation and distribution operations under control. I just lost one of my partners for an undetermined amount of time while he focuses on family. He was in charge of getting my product into the city and to my distributers,” Steve explained.
“I’m thinking,” Toni snapped. “I’m sorry it’s taking me a minute to process things. I probably have a concussion thanks to you.”
The blonde had a phone to one ear, brow furrowed and lips bared in a snarl as he barked off orders. “Nat, I want everyone looking
Another clap of thunder jolted Toni from her thoughts, and she blinked in surprise when she found herself standing before the open fridge. She pinched the bridge of her nose, taking in a long breath before she reached to grab a bottle of water. Maybe doing some work would tire her out.
Steve scoffed. “You two have been spending most of your free time in that lab. You should really get out more. Interact with other people,” Steve mumbled, sipping his tea.
Donovan opened his mouth to say more, but a gunshot from downstairs cut him off. Donovan hissed, releasing Tony’s hands in favor of pressing his hand to Tony’s mouth. “Keep your mouth shut,” Donovan snarled quietly, pressing harder on Tony’s mouth as he glanced back to the door.
Steve followed his gaze to the girl on the exam table, who was sprawled out on the soft padding, head facing the wall. For the first time since they’ve met her, her expression was void of any pain or tension. “Sleeping. She nodded off not too long after you left.”
Toni smiled widely, passing the last of the cigarette to his outstretched hand. “It’s settled. I’ll call Obie later on and set it up.”
Clint tutted, tapping Hammer’s cheek. “You better answer, Justin. You still have six more fingers just begging to be broken if you don’t."
Toni snorted, leveling the man with a glare. “I don’t care what Rogers does. Nothing he says ever gets to me so it’s not as if I should care.” But her glare faltered when Bucky gave her a knowing look, until she finally averted her gaze. Bucky knew Steve and he liked to think he had a good handle on Stark; he knows their words really bother each other. “It’s fine. Things are fine now. My only concern about this whole situation is finding out where we go from here.”
With a curt nod, Natasha was off, taking down the nearest guard and setting to work as the man's pained cry filled the hallway.
She was out the door before she could hear a response, dialing Rhodey’s number as she took the stairs to the parking garage. “I’m on my way, sugarplum, but I’m going to be a half an hour late. I have to make a quick stop in Brooklyn.”
Tony shook his head, muffling another sob. “You still have feelings for her, I get that. I just…I just never knew that you love her more than me.”
Bucky rolled his eyes, finally looking up to glower at Steve. “You made me come with you tonight, I reserve the right to complain. And I know you can’t stop thinking about Stark, but you could at least acknowledge me. I don’t want to be roped into a conversation with any of your business partners.”
Steve’s calm exterior shattered abruptly, his hands smacking down hard on the desk as he shot up from his chair. “It was only because of sheer curiosity that I allowed your car through that front gate, Stark. Figured your father might have sent you’re here with demands. He has you on a short enough leash, I figured he might have sent you to be his attack dog.”
Fists clenching, Steve sat forward and propped his elbows on his desk, fingers carding through his blonde locks. He need to think, to find a motive. Could Stark really be behind this? Yes, the SUV was found in his territory, but Toni did have a point: it could be coincidence. Logically, Steve knew he had no concrete evidence against Howard. But part of him was itching for someone to blame, to scour and tear apart any and every lead that might bring his friend home. Howard had the means, but did he have a motive? Toni warned him not to take on Howard unless he was sure, but what if that was what Howard was expecting? What if he wanted Steve to hesitate so he could hit him even harder? It would be like Howard to be four steps ahead of any opponent.
The man nodded in understanding, shaking Tony’s hand before running his fingers through his brown hair. “I’m Bruce Banner. The doctor of this little group,” he smiled politely before turned back to the dry erase board he was working at, studying the numbers and equations scrawled out.
“Play nice,” Steve warned, and it was unclear exactly which one he was talking to. “Lead the way, Buck. I’ll take up the rear.”
But perhaps this was a sign that it was finally time to put this feud to rest. What did either of them gain from bickering and hurting one another? They hardly saw one another at all, despite the few outlying instances the past two days. They both worked closely with Howard, and being able to meet without one going for the other’s throat would be preferential. They didn’t have to be friends, Antonia didn’t have to completely forgive him, but they could at least be civil acquaintances.
She wasn’t giving into an apology first, still regarded him with that damned mask of hers. She wanted him to cave first, to test the waters before she made the plunge. And Steve could understand her hesitation, but Toni had been the one to hold the grudge first, and they could have avoided that argument earlier had she left his father out of the conversation. “I suppose some of the things were true. Perhaps that’s why they hurt us so bad.”
Steve hummed from his seat, calmly taking a sip of his coffee before setting it aside and pulling out his pistol, placing it on the table with the barrel facing Tony. "As much as I'd love to hear about your family issues, I do have a schedule to keep and a business meeting in an hour. We need to talk about what you saw tonight, Tony."
Bucky shushed him softly, sending a sharp glare at Donovan for the smug look the agent had. “It’s okay, Tony. Just rest,” Bucky murmured soothingly in his ear, fingers brushing through his wet hair.
“Fine,” Ty muttered, waving one hand dismissively before pushing himself up from the chair. “We’ll all go to lunch. Whatever you want.”
Toni only gave her a tired smile. “If Rogers is grateful, he can tell me himself.” She closed the bathroom door.
Loki, after the hour of interrogation he had spent, was bruised and bloodied, eyes tired as he glared up to Steve. “To a guy who knows how to use his genius," Loki sneered, avoiding the question for the fifth time in a row.
Toni watched after him, fists clenching anxiously. Ty already knew the way to the sitting room, without either Toni or Raza showing him the way.
Reality snapped into focus immediately and Toni jerked under their hands, shaking her head ferociously. “No. No, no just leave it. Leave me, its fine,” she begged.
"You should be exhausted with how late you worked on Obidiah’s weapon every night," Bucky huffed, but his tone was gently because Obidiah was a sore subject for the both of them.
Clint nodded, taking a deep breath and leaning back, wiping his eyes one last time before hardening his expression with determination. “Alright." He murmured, silently thanking Bruce for listening.
“I want you to act like the leader we all know you are. Whoever took Bucky is trying to get a rise out of you, and you can’t let them see that it worked. You have to show them you’re still strong. Otherwise, people get ideas,” Natasha warned softly.
"A bomb," Bruce croaked softly as Clint moved beside him instantly, arm wrapping around his shoulder to keep him steady as the dirty blonde lifted him up.
Steve picked up his shotgun and slid the strap over his shoulder, approaching the brunette girl and rolling her to her back. There was a nasty welt already forming on her temple, but she seemed otherwise peaceful. “You realize we can’t leave her like this, right?”
“You sound like you’ve been dying to ask me that all night,” came Bucky’s slow drawl, a touch of smugness to his tone that had Steve rolling his eyes. “Did you two talk?”
The blow landed hard and Toni felt defensive anger, pure and hot, burn within her. Even if some small and barely existent part of her knew he was right, it still struck a chord. “You’re one to talk about
Howard grunted, fingers continuing their steady course scrolling through the calendar app on his phone. “Unfortunate. Steve should have had those contracts ready moments after you delivered them this afternoon.”
Bruce nodded, moving off to make arrangements while Steve turned to Clint. “Any ideas on how to get more information?"
"Follow me," Clint hummed, standing and moving through the throng of people with ease, clearing a path for Steve as he slipped down the back hallway. “I picked up a copy of the floor plans. The back door should be…" He trailed off, turning to the last door on the right and pushing it open.
The clock on the mantle was ticking its staccato rhythm, each sharp click representing another second Steve wasted staring at the phone on his desk. He was freshly showered and clean-shaven, the breakfast tray pushed off to the corner of his desk revealing that he had even partook in breakfast. But even this fresh reset Natasha created for him had done little to prepare him for facing Howard Stark. His business partner, his
Steve moved past Bucky and back out into the store. “That doesn’t make it right. So let’s try and be better.”
After a moment, the boss closed the file, tossing it aside and growling. “All of this is useless! None of this information gives me any indication as to what this boy’s relation to Rogers is.”
Bruce nodded slowly, rubbing Clint’s back. “It isn’t over yet, Clint. We’ll find him and Bucky and everything will go back to normal."
Bucky glanced down at Toni, where she sat with her back against the front of the cart, facing backways towards him. “So, where were you, before shit hit the fan?” he asked, stopping the cart to examine a display of expired soup.
Stubborn woman, so unwilling to admit any weakness. Steve’s grip tightened on the back of the chair and he took a long breath. “It’s alright to admit that I was harsh with you, Ms. Stark. Neither of us held back.”
Tony sat on the counter, nearly stunned as he stared after Steve, clearing his throat and straightening out his shirt as Loki stepped in. “Anthony,” was the only greeting he got as the man padded to the fridge and took out a bottle of water for himself. If Loki heard or saw anything, he never commented on it.
“I said,” Bucky began, eyes on his suit as he fussed with his tie, “I shouldn’t have worn navy. It’s too dark in here and all of this blue just makes me blend in.”
“This, sir, is the file on Tony Stark. Everything from dental records to second grade test scores.” Justin presented, smiling proudly and waiting for praise.
“I’m restraining her. Unconscious or not, I’m not giving her the opportunity to kill us or something,” Bucky muttered under his breath, shifting the rifle in his hands. “Over there,” he pointed towards a two-story building across the street. “Looks like there’s apartments over that restaurant. We can barricade in there.”
Warm hands curled around her shoulder, and Toni could only allow herself to be rolled to her back. Above her, knelt on either side, was the two men she had robbed only hours before. Fate was funny like that, wasn’t it?
Her heels struck the lobby floor sharply as she made her way back towards Milstein Hall. She hoped she wasn’t too late; her father would throw a fit if he didn’t have the contracts to look over tonight once he got home. She was sure she spotted Steve near the bar before they left, so maybe he was still lurking about somewhere. Toni scanned the floor, but couldn’t spot either man among the waiters cleaning off the tables. A quick glance around the balcony floor proved fruitless as well. She’d have to bite the bullet and tell her father- blonde! Toni’s eyes caught a familiar figure partially hidden at the entrance of one of the closed-off hallways. She moved quickly towards the man, undeterred despite his stressed appearance. “Rogers?”
Steve took the cloth, carefully wringing out any moisture left before he twisted it and pressed it between her teeth. “You’re going to be alright, Toni, Bucky’s going to fix this.”
Steve scowled but stared down his reflection in the mirror as he straightened his tie. “They aren’t partners. She’s Howard’s little brat of a daughter, and he’s the weasel married to her.”
It was a place that combined beautiful architecture with the highest of practicality, not that Toni would admit any of this to Steve himself.
She was quite for a long moment, and Bucky was pretty sure she was going to go for the second option. But it’s when he’s reaching up to the top shelf to grab a bottle of jam that her soft voice gives an answer.
Howard nodded his approval of Toni’s assessment, though his eyes were still on the phone. “Antonia’s right. And I’m sure there’s an interesting story as to why someone would want Rogers’ second. However, that story doesn’t concern me.”
Thanks everyone for the comments and kudos, I think I've finally caught up on replying to at least one of everyone's comments! Hope you enjoy this next chapter, it definitely has enough drama!
“Navy,” Toni responded easily, opening her mascara and leaning in close to the mirror. “I’d rather not go to this event all together. It’s been a long day.” That, and she wanted to avoid Steve and Bucky all together. For once, she wanted to miss that confrontation.
"Steven, you must go," Thor hissed, trying to aid Steve's struggle by moving on his good leg. "The bomb-"
“Cheater,” Tony huffed, rolling onto his stomach and pushing himself up. “That wasn’t fair,” Tony mumbled, turning back to Steve. He took a step forward but Steve was faster, swiping a foot out and easily kicking Tony’s foot out from under him, watching the boy stumble.
Toni’s eyes flicked towards Steve as the blonde cleared his throat. If they were going to be forced together, Steve was going to make the most of it. Civil acquaintances was the goal, he reminded himself. “Ms. Stark, are you enjoying the benefit?” he began, looking out over the mingling crowd.
“Someone had seen an SUV at the benefit last night, though it disappeared halfway through. Unmarked plates,” Steve continued on without acknowledging her question. “So my guy, Barton, went to a friend of his to track the SUV through security footage across the city. Turns out, it was last seen by an intersection traffic camera driving into Manhattan. He just found the car about an hour ago, abandoned on one of the streets in the center of your father’s territory.”
Natasha took a breath, as if a parent dealing with a stubborn child. “I gave you a sleep aid. Just strong enough to knock you out.”
“Can you fix it?” The blonde asked, tightly gripping at Toni’s left hand in some vague notion of comfort.
“Antonia, radiant as always,” he greeted, gently taking her elbow and pressing a quick kiss to her cheek.
Toni’s hand was on the bathroom door, but she was paused rigidly, head cocked to the side to listen behind her. A beat of silence, and then the muffled sound happened again. Almost like a… cough?  Toni turned away from the bathroom and glanced down the hallway, moving back up the path she traveled. There were only four doorways: the kitchen, with a linen closet across the hall, and the bathroom, opposite of the wine cellar. Toni chose the closest one, glancing towards the opening of the sitting room hesitantly before she twisted the doorknob to the cellar.
Clint sighed and rubbed a hand down his face, lifting himself onto the table and crossing his legs. He was silent for a few moments before speaking again, voice softer and Bruce had to strain to here. “When Tony was fifteen, he went through this whole rebellious stage and one day, we got into a big argument. I told him I never wanted to see his punk ass again." Clint mumbled quietly, taking a deep breath before continuing.
“Steve,” Natasha began carefully, leaning forward in her seat and placing a hand on the edge of the desk. “Don’t start on that. Not yet. I understand that the van was found in Manhattan, but we both know that’s nothing more than coincidence.”
Steve shook his head, rubbing a hand over his face. “Buck, there’s no way we’re going to find her. She could have left hours ago and that’s a big head start in a world where we can’t track her.”
“Jerk,” Tony mumbled, standing and cracking his back slowly. “I’m not sleep deprived; I got plenty of sleep, just not in the best of positions,” he huffed, rubbing at his neck as Bruce rolled his eyes.
Bruce shook his head with a grin, moving towards the door. “Tony is absolutely amazing Steve. You should keep him around,” he laughed, walking out of the lab to the kitchen.
Bucky nodded in agreement, sitting down in his chair. “Birdbrain always makes sure we’re feed,” he smirked, eagerly digging in.
“What are we drinking?” he asked, reaching his good arm over the counter to grab a glass. “Hopefully something strong.”
The knife was snatched from his hand, and the blonde was spun around to face a young woman. She was short, probably no older than her early twenties. Her dark waves were cut short, maybe an inch or so below her chin, and her face was smeared with…grease? She was dressed in a band t-shirt, the black ink of the “A” in AC/DC” peeling at the corners. Beneath the t-shirt was the outline of a tank top, possibly to shed layers during the brutal summer that had just passed. She wore a pair of fraying jean shorts, exposing a length of tan legs sporting a pair of black converses. She was young, but her blue eyes watched the blonde like he was her prey. He effectively was. “It’s getting too easy,” she spoke up, her voice authoritative and firm with a hint of…amusement? “People
He’s talking to the third person in the room. A lackey, Bucky guesses, by the way the third man steps forward silently. The conversation floats away again, covered by the sounds of footsteps retreating back up the stairs while the bag was snatched from his head. He blinked as his eyes adjusted to the light, focusing on some lowlife brute loosening his tie and removing his jacket. “No, please kill me. I always wanted to spend my last few minutes of life staring at something ugly.”
"What the Hell was the point of that?" Steve hissed, standing slowly as Bucky slid out of the office, rifle resting on his shoulder.
him, Ty. You fucking kidnapped him. There’s nothing to explain other than what you thought you were going to do with him.”
"Got it," Clint mumbled, arm wrapping around Bruce’s waist. “What about…what about Tony?" He murmured.
All the while Steve sat by Toni’s side, still holding tight to her hand as if she still needed the reassurance. She didn’t look as peaceful as she had the day before when she was knocked out. Steve reached forward, taking the makeshift gag from her mouth to ease her breathing. “We can’t leave her like this.”
“It’s what I feel I need to do now. I appreciate her warning and I understand it. If I’m going to address my concerns with Stark, I’m going to do it tactfully. I am going to make it a dialogue, not a trial. If he’s innocent, he’ll see that I just want help and am exercising caution. If he’s guilty, he’ll know I’m on to him.” Steve brushed past her into the bathroom, turning to face her as he gripped the door. “I need you to coordinate delivery schedules for the day, if you don’t mind. Get some of our men back on their runs so that we keep business moving.”
"How is the developing going?" Obadiah asked, finally gracing Tony with a glance as he folded up his paper to eat his own plate of eggs.
As she moved towards the bedroom door, Steve called out to her. “And if you ever drug me again, Natasha, my anger will be reflected in your pay.”
"What, are you gonna tell me you would've understood?" Cling hissed angrily. "I lied to protect you! Getting you involved in mob business will only lead to trouble!"
Steve took the brunet’s hand, pulling himself up and nodding towards the bedroom. “Wait,” Toni argued, holding her bound hands up towards the two men. “You’re going to leave me like this?”
Toni watched them bicker, pushing at each other as they argued over game pieces. It was so trivial and yet it meant the world to Toni. Because how often, in a world ravaged by the undead and psychotic survivors, can you say your current worry is what Monopoly character you were? For the first time in a long time, as she watched the two, Toni felt her cheeks stretch upward.
“You two are obviously a match made in heaven,” Toni joked, closing her eyes and taking a breath. “I mean it. Both annoyingly cute together.”
"Shit," Steve growled, hitting the brake and sliding out, running towards the house and trying to ignore the sinking feeling in his chest.
“How many times are you going to let her screw us over?” Came Bucky’s immediate reply, but it lacked the same heat as before. “Sit her up. Carefully.”
, alright? His daughter made it clear this afternoon that I should make sure the evidence is clear before I start throwing around accusations,” Steve muttered, turning his chair to face the window. The sun had set a few hours before, the solar lights that lined the garden below illuminating the rain speckled on the window. “But I can’t shake this hunch.”
“I’m sure you did,” Steve murmured flatly. After a brief pause, his eyes found Toni’s again. She was wearing that mask of hers again, emotions so carefully guarded that Steve didn’t know if she was about to continue their screaming match from earlier or pretend nothing was wrong. Steve reached a hesitant hand out. “Ms. Stark.”
The memories hit him like a brick; he remembered Steve’s call, everyone leaving, Loki giving him the coffee that made him go unconscious. “You asshole!" Tony snapped, glaring at Loki. “You drugged me!"
“Come on, lets get you to the kitchen,” Bruce said, placing a hand on Tony’s back and leading him from the lab.
“Bucky is looking better. More color in his face and his shoulder still looks alright. Bruce will be back tomorrow to clean the wound again,” Natasha started, taking her plate to the kitchen table and setting down. “Ms. Stark looked… worse than the last time I saw her. Tired.”
“That was the same case. I didn’t have anyone there to walk me through getting you back, and you were my child.” Howard finally turned from his phone to level his blue gaze on Toni’s. “I can’t hold his hand through everything. He can do this on his own. He wanted the territory and the power- and I don’t mind helping him through small disputes- but someone is clearly challenging him by harming Barnes. If he wants to make a name for himself, he has to make sure people remember it himself.”
Bucky reached forward, his large hand closing around her small shoulder. He gave her a quick shake, though it only served to wobble him more on his shaky legs. “
“Congrats?” Toni huffed, making a face. “So what, you don’t want help because you think you have your answers?”
Slowly, he turned his head, eyes widening at the sight of the metallic arm now in place of where his old one used to be. “What the hell?" Bucky hissed, even more puzzled as he curled the glinting fingers, bending the elbow and rolling the wrist. He could control it?
Clint nodded, loading a magazine into his pistol before placing a hand on Tony's shoulder and leading him to the exit. "Bucky, you good to shoot?"
Bucky exhaled audibly in relief when Toni finally moved forward. Her fingers skimmed over the chains that wrapped around a water pipe and twisted Bucky’s arms up above his head. There was a lock, which meant hopefully there was a key somewhere. She studied the small cellar, from the stairs to the racks of wine that covered a good portion of the walls. There was a small table in one corner. Draped over the top of the table was Bucky’s discarded suit jacket, a wallet, a pistol and accompanying holster, and- key. Toni raced over and grabbed the metal object, returning to Bucky’s side to unlock the chains. The man cursed as he lowered his arms slowly to his sides, one hand coming up to press over the bullet wound. “You’re a fucking angel,” he swore to her, face going pale as he mustered the strength to stand, though he was still leaning heavily on the wall. “How many of them are upstairs?”
lead that makes sense at the moment. I’ve made a name for myself, but I don’t have any current competition concerned with taking me out or hurting me. Howard is the only one I do consistent business with,” Steve hissed. “Your father knows my routines and my people better than anyone outside of my group. He knows the ins and outs of my business, and maybe he decided I wasn’t convenient to him anymore. Or maybe this is his sick version of a test.
Tony moved his lips eagerly against Steve’s, feeling all that pent up tension and frustration from early escape as he felt Steve slowly run his tongue along Tony’s lower lip, asking for entrance. Tony willingly parted his lips, nearly squeaking as Steve lifted him onto the counter by his hips. Tony had a better angle now that he was up to Steve’s height, tilting his head as Steve’s tongue moved into his mouth, tasting every inch that it could.
Fun fact: that flashback at the beginning was the very first thing I ever wrote while developing this story. I had no plans of using it, but I figured it really kinda fit for this chapter, so why not?
“Im afraid there wont be a ‘next time’, Lou.” The boss said, pressing the barrel of his pistol to the back of Lou’s head.
Bucky walked up and squatted behind Tony, placing his hands on his shoulders. “Don't worry, Tony, I’ll protect you from the big bad guys,” he teased, sending a look to the others.
“I’m going to get something to drink,” Tony excused himself quietly, stumbling over Clint and Bucky’s limp limbs that hung over the edge of the couch as he moved to the kitchen. Tony sighed softly as he opened the fridge, grabbing a water bottle and leaning against the counter as he took a slow sip. He couldn’t go back out there; the only thing Tony could focus on was Steve’s every movement, and it made him tense and aware.
He approached the pharmacy and surveyed its damage. The door was thrown wide open, the top hinge broken. The pane of glass, much like the display window, was shattered, leaving little glittering shards to crunch underneath his combat boots. He tilted his head to get a better view of the insides of the store, but the late afternoon sun wasn’t quite to his advantage. After a moment of hesitation more, the blonde made the commitment and stepped over the threshold. The shelves were relatively stocked, though not with many things of use. Hairdryers, heating pads, things that required electricity they didn’t have. One row of shelving was knocked over, braced up only by the support of the next set of shelves, leaving a triangular crawl space beneath. One glance underneath proved there was nothing worth climbing in for. The last aisle was adorned with a wooden sign hanging above labeled “FOOD” in intricate yellow letters. The blonde peaked his head around the corner, dismayed to find not a can of food left. There was a single bag of cheese curls on the top shelve, the plastic ripped open to reveal a mess of mold.  The rats had probably gotten to it.
Steve nodded, taking the chair across from the woman and staring down at his pizza. “I saw her this morning. She looked tired. Pained, too.”
Clint huffed, turning to the door and pushing it open where he was immediately met with gunfire. "We need to get him. I am not losing my brother again. Not when I am this close," Clint snarled, passing Bucky his second pistol as he moved into the hallway, picking off what guards they came by. "Natasha. Get me intel. I wanna know where Obadiah took Tony," he hissed.
“I was getting used to it. Therapy was getting a little better right before it all went down. After we got out of Brooklyn, Steve forced me to keep working on it, build up strength,” Bucky explained, pushing the cart forward again. “Still hurts every now and then but… it’s manageable.”
Toni’s breath came out in short puffs, mind racing with a millions thoughts all at once. Bucky looked awful, no shortage of bruises or blood littering his skin and clothes. He was still dressed in his black slacks and white button down from the museum benefit, though the once pristine fabric had been torn or ripped either in his transportation or his torture. His shirt was stained red on one side, most likely from a nasty bullet wound that was probably infected by now. One eye was swollen shut, complimenting his split lip that still oozed blood. And those were only the visible injuries.
Steve sighed. "That's the problem. We haven't upset anyone lately. We've been improving relations with buyers and other mobs. Who would want to get to us?"
Bucky nodded, pleased to hear it. Her odds at a proper recovery were shot in a world like this with no access to trained medical professionals, but Bucky had used what he learned in the military and it was the best she was going to get for now. He was happy to at least hear she was stable. “Good. Once we’re in the market, I’m going to give you water and a can of food. You need to keep yourself well-fed and rested. Your body needs all the energy it can get to focus on healing.”
Tony shuddered involuntarily as a large hand gripped at his hair, yanking his head back to look Obadiah in the eyes. “I was just finishing up your prototype, sir,” Tony stuttered out, swallowing thickly.
This entire chapter is a flashback, which I will denote from now on using time/place stamps at the beginning.
At the last second, Tony dodged the punch from Steve, ducking down and throwing a fist into his lower abdomen. “Like that?” he asked, leaning back and watching Steve stumble backwards.
Toni bit down into the tattered remains of her t-shirt, chest heaving now with panic and anticipation as Bucky carefully took her arm into his hands. Even the slight movement was met with a painful protest from her arm. New tears gathered in her eyes, trailing down the side of her face and into her hairline. Steve squeezed her hand again, and Toni took that as her only warning before Bucky pressed on her forearm. Then, there was only agony. She screamed.
Of course Tony knew. Explosions; the very thought made him sick to the stomach. Tony nodded and had to set down his fork, sipping his coffee and hoping to setting the churning feeling in his stomach. “I do," Tony murmured quietly, looking down.
Bucky leaned in as Clint handed Steve a plate of eggs, nudging the boss. “Alright, now you know you have to tell me what happened,” he grinned widely.
He was immediately met with a bullet ricocheting off the wall beside his head and he growled, aiming his rifle and taking down the three guards that had entered the narrow hallway. "I want that explosive set up in two minutes, Thor. That will give us one minute to get out to the car and go."
Toni looked up at his sincere words, hands gripping at the edge of the counter tightly. She was affected by what he said, and Bucky would dare to venture that she was even grateful to hear his words judging by the relieved slump in her shoulders. But she didn’t respond to his sentiment, not that he was expecting her to. Not Toni. He just needed her to know she was safe. Instead, Toni simply wiped her hands on a dish towel and pushed the pizza box towards Bucky. “Goodnight, Barnes,” she finally murmured, and Bucky only had a brief second to catch the appreciative look she threw his way before she was gone and he was alone in the kitchen.
Justin eagerly stepped forward before she could turn away, clearing his throat. “Now, Antonia, I simply cannot let you go until we have at least one dance. Can’t you give me that one gift?”
“Oh, right. That’s what I meant. Dad said that,” Ty dismissed, poking his head around the doorframe to point his toothbrush at her. “Will you hurry? I’d like to be there within the hour.”
Bucky grunted, but nodded. From there, they continued on in silence, a comfortable norm for them. Too much noise could draw attention and, with only one gun, they were already at a disadvantage. Steve had honestly hoped he could get through to Toni, maybe show her there were people in the world worth fighting with rather than putting the weight of her survival solely on her own shoulders. But that opportunity was gone, alone with their supplies and weapons. She really did fuck them over.
“A barn. To the left there. It’s as good a place as any to take shelter for the night. We don’t really have the light to keep looking,” Steve admitted, already turning to the left and shoving through the grasses.
job? He was about to move back towards the house when a dark SUV pulled up to the sidewalk besides Clint’s group, the dark paint glinting in the streetlamp. The back door opened and a tall muscular blonde stepped out, looking over to the group with a brief nod of his head. He was followed be another tall man with longer blonde hair and a booming voice. “We have the traitor,” he called to Clint, dragging a man from the car who bound with thick rope.
She didn’t turn to see if Bucky followed her orders, instead raising the pistol in her hand and aiming it at Ty’s head. Her fiancé held his hands up slowly. “Antonia, put that down. I know this looks bad but it’s all for good reason. Let’s get Barnes back in here and I’ll explain everything.”
Tony frowned slightly in confusion before his eyes widened and he was immediately turning to the TV, heart racing as he ran over. No. No, the camera in the lab was offline. “Fuck," he yelled, punching the wall as he felt tears rise in his eyes. What if they were dead?
She knew she crossed the line first, bringing up his father the way she did. All the years Toni’s rejected Steve, and she at least knew
“I would love partake in a movie viewing!” Thor grinned, bounding off to the living room while Loki huffed softly. “I’ll be retiring early, tonight. I’ll see you all in the morning,” he said, making his exit.
Tony closed his eyes, trying hard to stop tears. When he regained his composure, he opened his eyes, looking to Steve tiredly. “Haven’t you already done enough?”
“He wants me dead,” Toni rasped, but it was more of a joke than a jab as she laid her head back and stared up at the grey sky above.
Natasha nodded, leaping to the ground silently, moving forward towards the delivery door that Hammer had told them of. The only unguarded door. “Alright.” She murmured. “Through this door is a hallway that leads to the main kitchen. There’s a vent we can access from there that can lead us to the lab.”
Sleepless nights were nothing new for Toni. Ty was used to finding her out of bed, wandering the apartment or working on various projects. He stopped asking her if she was alright after their first week living together, resigning to accepting it as one of her habits and leaving it at that. But sometimes, Toni wished he would still ask her. Conversation soothed her racing mind, quieted her storm of thoughts no matter how meaningless the chatter was. These sleepless nights were usually the result of either nightmares or an overactive mind- sometimes a toxic mix of the both- and Toni wished for any kind of escape she could get. Even mindless conversation with Ty.
“Because, even though what you did was shitty, I wasn’t going to leave you there by yourself and injured,” Steve assured, taking one last bite of the beans before he slid his plate across the table towards Toni. “Here. Eat.”
“The doctor agrees, it’s settled,” Steve added, fists clenching at how Bucky’s expression grew impossibly more sour. “You’ll stay in this house, under Bruce’s care, until you’re fucking healed and cleared by me for work. You will not do anything before that time.”
The first one on the right was an exam room and appeared empty, so Steve ushered his lover inside. There was a window on the far wall, and with a tug on the blinds, Steve had dull light streaming into the room. “Close the door. I’ll make sure the rest of the place is clear and see what I can find for medication or supplies,” Steve ordered, nodding once at the ‘be careful’ Bucky threw his way.
It took a moment for Toni’s eyes to snap away from the blonde, but when they did, they were carefully blank. “Yes.”
. “Yes, I’m sure that will be a productive relationship,” he muttered, scrolling through his messages.
Rhodey slowly pulled the car to a stop outside of the fence that surrounded the factory, turning to Steve and giving a nod. Steve slid out of the car, walking around to the back and throwing open the car’s rear doors, exposing the large amount of weaponry and ammunition they had brought with them. “Rhodey, I want you and Dugan to head up high and get in. Blueprints of the building show that there was catwalks along the high ceilings. Use them and give cover fire.”
Steve looked like he had a choice comment for that, but Bucky’s gaze suddenly flicked over Steve’s shoulder to stare at the doorway. After a moment, Steve turned to find Antonia Stark leaning against the doorframe. She was dress in jeans and a white blouse, soft cascading curls tied up in a ponytail. Although her eye makeup was a bit more subdued than usual, she still sported her signature red lip color. She looked worlds better than when he had seen her yesterday, and some small part of Steve felt oddly… satisfied that she wasn’t hurting as bad now. He’d bookmark that feeling to analyze later. “Ms. Stark. Can I help you with something?”
The table sat thoughtfully in silence before both Clint and Bruce's heads snapped up. "His designs." Bruce answered quietly.
The mugger frowned, turning slowly to see Steve Rogers, pistol in hand. His eyes slowly widened and he stumbled back. “
Tony gave him a look. Bucky could rattle off all the names he wanted but Tony still knew none of these people. “Whose Bruce?” He asked, deciding that was the most important name to ask about since he was now living with the guy.
And that was just with Ty. Obadiah was her godfather, a family friend and a business partner. He helped raise her after her mother’s passing and yet he only wanted war. He wanted her out of the way while her father burned.
Clint took in his little brother's gaping expression before slowly shaking his head and lowering his gun, tucking it away. "I can't do it, Steve."
Tony moved his tongue against Steve’s, putting up a weak fight for dominance that he knew Steve would win as he fisted his hands in the front of Steve’s shirt, tugging him impossibly closer. Steve let out a soft moan as Tony moved a hand to Steve’s hair, tangling his fingers into the blonde locks to give a short tug. Steve pulled back after a moment, lips moving to meet the skin of Tony’s neck but the sound of footsteps padding towards the kitchen made them both freeze. Steve immediately moved away, giving Tony a look before grabbing his ice tea and moving out to the living room.
Bruce nodded and grabbed his medical bag with the others geared up. “Tony, you and Loki clean up the dishes while we’re gone.” Clint said, not waiting for an answer as he followed the others out of the door.
"Of course it will," Clint mumbled, glancing to his boss and shifting to lean back in the cushioned booth. “My sources say Stane’s second in command frequents this bar," Clint muttered lowly around the rim of his own drink, eyes scanning the scene.
It had been a long day, admittedly longer than usual. Delivering the weasel that had been leeching off of the imports to Steve had proved to be more of a taxing venture than Bucky had originally thought, when the redheaded manager caught wind that he was under suspicion and tried to skip town. By the time Bucky had turned up at the man’s apartment, the redhead had been halfway out the window in a crude attempt at escape. The resulting fire escape chase was almost comical, if Bucky hadn’t nailed his head on a low hanging bar. Maybe, if he was lucky, Steve would let him help with reprimanding the manager. Maybe take a swing at the guy, or at least scare him into pissing his pants. Yes, that would improve Bucky’s mood after the hell he went through this morning.
Steve blinked and he was back in Bucky’s bedroom, standing in the doorway while the brunet in bed gave him a strange look. “I’m sorry, what did you say?”
Bruce walked over to Tony, offering him a hand. “Come on, Tony, I’ll go easy on you,” Bruce said, taking his hand and pulling him up.
Steve jolted at the voice to his left, watching as the bartender ignored Steve’s order in favor of meeting the request of the newcomer. Tipping his head to the side, Steve’s went tense. There, perched with his arms crossed on the bar counter, was the exact man he had been looking for. Howard Stark stood with an air of nonchalance, bored eyes scanning over the bottles that lined the shelves on the wall. His grey hair was combed back, glued down perfectly in place while his manicured mustache framed his thin lips. His navy suit was simple, tightly cut to accentuate his slim figure. All this preparation, all this planning to get to this exact moment, and Steve was at a loss for words. What was his plan? What did Stark do? What did Steve need? Helpfully, Howard started the conversation.
This was it, this was the meeting he had been waiting for. Everything he wanted to say to Howard Stark, everything he needed from him, was out in the open. He just needed Howard to take the bait, to answer his prayers, to decide to favor him. Howard looked contemplative, eyes darting over Steve curiously before his expression hardened and he seemed to reach a decision. “I like you, Steve. You remind me a lot of myself when I was just starting out. Youthful, ambitious, and clever. You just need a helping hand, someone to help you achieve your plans.” Howard finished his martini and left the glass on the counter. “I think I’ve had enough schmoozing for one night. Come with me to my personal study, we have some things to discuss.”
"So what, we're just going to let Tony sit with some fucking bastard until he can get us out a message or some shit?" Clint asked, crossing his arms.
It was well after dinner before Bucky dragged himself out of bed, having waited until he was sure everyone had eaten and gone their separate ways for the night before he ventured out of his room. He didn’t want to see anyone. More specifically, he didn’t want to see Steve.
He moved past her to the desk chair, slumping down and rubbing a hand over his face. He seemed more annoyed by her question than stressed, but it was still enough for Toni to push on. “You and I were going to meet for lunch today anyhow, so what’s the harm in inviting Obie along? We can head to that Italian place down the road from Obie and pick him up along the way.”
“Actually,” Obadiah began against the mouth of his bottle, turning to give Toni a small chuckle. “Your father isn’t in the best of moods at the moment. Frankly, I’m also here to avoid the fallout.”
Steve stared down at the pizza as he carefully slid a slice from the box onto a plate and passed it to the redhead. “Both.”
Steve rolled his eyes, lifting himself off of Tony. “Whatever floats your boat, Princess,” he mumbled, turning away and moving back for his punching bag.
Justin groaned, coughing as blood bubbled onto his lips. “You…think I’d…sell out my boss?" he huffed, giving Steve a look.
Toni left the lounge, feeling more exhausted than when she had started drinking. Watching Rogers and Barnes argue earlier really had been strange to see, but she understood both of their sides. Steve didn’t want to be responsible for loosing anyone in his business and Bucky wanted revenge on the men who had tortured him. They needed to find a balance, however, and it seemed Bucky was starting to understand that.
Toni took the shirt from the top and let it unfold in her grip. It was a long-sleeve black Henley, pristine and just her size. “I figured you could do with something new to wear, at least until someone brings your things here,” Natasha stayed at her perch by the door, arms crossed nonchalantly though Toni knew better. All she saw was a lioness waiting to pounce if need be. “I doubt you want to be stuck in that dress.”
Bruce yawned as he moved towards the lab the next morning, rubbing his eyes and sliding his glasses into place. He took a sip from his mug of coffee as he pushed open the door, finding the lights on and Tony slumped at the lab bench, cheek pressed to the keyboard of his computer. “Tony?” Bruce asked, walking over to the sleeping man and nudging him. “Have you been in here all night?”
Also, I write everything in chronological order (except for the flashbacks) and divide each event/POV using line breaks. Nobody has said anything, but if anyone is having trouble following along, please let me know in the comments and I would be more than happy to reply with a rough timeline to help put things in perspective. I try to add enough description to the settings to help readers establish when it is morning, afternoon, night, etc., but there was a lot of events and small time skips going on in this chapter and I just want to make sure everyone is good!
They were talking, exchanging panicked words and Toni could only watch their mouths move, brow furrowed. The blonde- Steve, was it? Steve smoothed back the strands of hair that clung to her sweaty forehead, examining her response before he shook his head to his brunet partner- Bucky. Right, the one with the stupid name. Bucky, who was gingerly prodding at her right forearm and Toni only belatedly realized what they were discussing.
Steve was after him instantly, stumbling through the crispy leaves and the twisting roots in an effort to keep up with the brunet. When he finally caught up to the man, Steve only had a brief instant to reach out and fist his hand in Bucky’s flannel before the man could fall over the side of a cliff. It wasn’t too steep of a drop, maybe ten feet or so, but it would be enough to hurt. Bucky panted, stepping back from the edge and looking back to Steve in gratitude. “You could’ve hurt yourself, Bucky, don’t just go taking off like that.” Steve glanced around, finding that the edge of the cliff traveled some ways in both directions. “I don’t see her anywhere, Buck.”
Toni didn’t say goodbye when she left, and Steve made no move to stop her. She moved through the large house she had quickly become familiar with the past few days, her mind racing a mile a minute. While she doubted her father’s involvement with Bucky’s disappearance, it was still interesting to hear that the vehicle that probably transported the brunet was found on Stark turf. Was it truly just a coincidence, or was there a bigger plot at play here than just trying to hurt Barnes or piss off Rogers? What if someone wanted Steve to turn on her father?
. Maybe his time would be better spent trying to get a few minutes of sleep. Anything to build up his strength for the next time the lackey inevitably visited. Bucky’s eyes were already drifting shut, though it was impossible to tell whether he really got any sleep or not because he was jolted to full attention by the sound of the door of his makeshift cell opening. There was the click of a switch, and light once again flooded through the fibers of the sack over his head. One set of footsteps descended the stairs slowly, and Bucky steeled himself. “Alright, fucker. Let’s get this over with,” he spat out. He was met with a sharp inhale, before an all too familiar feminine voice met his ears.
After a few moments, Steve’s hands slowed to a stop in favor of gently running down Tony’s arms. “Good,” he murmured softly.
“I never need rescuing, Mr. Rogers,” Toni replied, giving the blonde a look. “I’m perfectly capable of saving myself.”
Loki shook his head. “I was blindfolded as soon as I was in the car," Loki huffed. “I’ve told you everything I know." Loki huffed and leaned back into his chair.
Bruce studied the screen, grinning. “Genius. I especially like your scale definition and the renderings.”
Bucky hummed, answering for Steve. “Natasha and Thor have their own places in the city. They come by every now and then but usually we only meet up when we’re doing business. I live here with Steve and so does Bruce, whose on the other side of Clint’s bedroom. And now you two are here.”
. It still stung now as when he said it this afternoon. Like she didn’t make her own name for herself, taking her father’s company and increasing its profits in a year alone. Like Toni needed her family’s wealth to get by in this world.
Bucky checked the gym while Clint moved to the kitchen, a deep frown setting in place. “Tony!" He called louder, crouching beside the shattered coffee cup on the ground. “Tony, answer me right now!"
After a moment more, Toni caved, sliding down to her knees before the board. “Fine. But only if I can be the car.”
“She and I were recently acquainted at a local fundraiser.” At least it was only half a lie, he assured himself. They
Tony and Bucky turned to see Obadiah leaning nonchalantly against the wall of the lab, twirling the computer power cord in his hand. Tony swallowed, straightening and standing. “It isn’t what it looks like."
Steve's eyes blazed with blue fire as he slowly grabbed Thor's arm, wrapping it tightly around his neck before lifting the man and fitting his free arm around Thor's waist. "I haven't lost a man before, Thor, and I am
Sharon made a move to stand from her chair. “Then I’m sure you won’t mind taking a seat over there while Mr. Rogers finishes his current meeting, Ms. Stark.”
Steve scoffed, turning his gaze away from the window to glower at Natasha. “You want me to pretend like my best friend isn’t missing?”
“Is that why you’re smoking one of my cigs?” Ty asked, bemused as he took the cigarette to steal a long drag for himself.
"Shit!" Justin’s eyes widened and he immediately took off towards the car but Clint and Steve were quicker.
“But you want to dream bigger?” Howard asked, and Steve had a sneaking suspicion that the man was speaking from his own experience. And yet he was right.
“And yet we’re still here on business. We all have appearances to keep up,” Steve joked, before offering his hand to Ty. The bastard, who had so easily brushed off such a gesture from Steve the day before, took his hand eagerly in front of Howard. “Mr. Stone.”
Toni nodded slowly, glancing over his shoulder towards Steve at the table. She looked perplexed, deep in thought. It was a start. Satisfied with that he was off, taking the stairs to the second floor of the ballroom in search of his next target for a conversation not as polite as this one.
The popcorn bowl sat between them but Tony was all too aware of how close he and Steve were, his attention anywhere but the movie. Every now and then, their hands would brush in the popcorn bowl which led to Tony’s hint of a blush and Steve’s small smirk that had Tony huffing. The movie was terrible, proven by the fact that everyone was asleep halfway through the movie. Thor’s snoring was as booming as his voice and with one glance around, Tony confirmed that everyone was passed out. All except him and Steve.
The guard looked the two over for the quickest of moments before he dipped his head and opened the door wider. “Mr. Stane was held up at his previous meeting at Citibank. He will be here momentarily, but he asks that you please wait for him in the sitting room and help yourself to a drink.”
Toni’s eyes finally lifted from her lap, studying Bucky’s expression for a moment before trailing her gaze to his shoulder, as if she’d be able to see the injury if she looked hard enough. “Could hardly tell by the way you carry yourself.”
Tony gave an incoherent mumble, lifting his head and rubbing his eyes sleepily, looking up to Bruce. “Have I? I was working on one of my designs,” Tony shrugged, yawning and reaching for Bruce’s coffee, eager for a sip.
"Morning, sir," Tony mumbled, slumping into his chair and taking a slow sip of the coffee in front of him.
Bucky slapped the newspaper onto the desk to give Steve a view of the front page. There, front and center, was a picture of a pretty brunette speaking at a fundraiser for some local charity. “Antonia Stark.”
Clint turned to Steve, who let out a slow sigh and gave Tony a once over, a thoughtful expression on his face as he nodded. Clint turned back to Tony and sat down, giving his brother a hard look. "For the past three years, I've been working for local mob. This is Steve Rogers, you'd probably know him better as The Captain." Clint said, pausing briefly to let the information sink in before continuing. "We run weapons deals, protection, robberies, everything for the good of the city. We deal with the guys who would rather see the city burn. That guy in the alley almost gave up valuable information on us to one of our biggest rivals."
His laugh was warm and rich, and it achingly reminded Toni of Rhodey. “I take it back, those aren’t so bad. You should keep them,” he teased.
Toni twisted her long locks up into a bun to squeeze out the excess water before she stepped out of the shower and into the steam-filled bathroom. This worst part about the fight this afternoon was that Toni knew she was to blame too; some of things she had spat at Steve had been just as harsh. Teasing at his relationship with his father, watching the way Steve’s eyes flashed with pain, and then pushing further. God, no wonder Bucky was sick of listening to them. Toni wrapped one of the fluffy, white towels around her body, tying it off under one arm before she took a second towel to wrap up her hair. Maybe she could act…somewhat apologetic at the benefit tonight. She’d never downright apologize, but she could at least not go for his throat the second they meet. If they even really run into each other at all; if she’s lucky, Barnes will pass on the files himself.
“Then why wasn’t there a body left behind? If the person just wanted Barnes dead, they would’ve left a body. And if they were trying to cover up his death, they wouldn’t have left the mess behind,” Toni argued, crossing her arms and returning her gaze to the window. “So for now, I’m operating under the assumption that he’s been taken.”
Natasha didn’t respond, their eyes locked for what felt like ages before her gaze flicked to the sandwich before him. Her terms were clear: he had to give a little to receive a little. Finally, Steve grunted, snatching up one half of the sandwich and taking an aggressive bite. Satisfied, Natasha took a seat. “I have nothing on Barnes. As far as anyone in this city is concerned, he’s effectively disappeared off of the face of the earth, Steve. Whoever took him has the means and the ability to keep it quiet.”
Steve looked up as Tony followed Clint into the gym, raising an eyebrow. “What’s he doing in here?” he asked, throwing his fist into the punching bag one last time before turning to face them completely.
Steve wasn’t far behind Clint as the two moved up the stairs quickly, heading straight for Tony’s room. “Tony?” Clint called out, tensing at the sound of shattering glass coming from the bedroom. He threw the door open, stepping into the room with gun ready, glancing around. The window was shatter, glass splayed out across the carpet while Tony sat alone on his bed, breathing in shakily.
. They had developed that code for a reason. A moment later and Bucky stepped inside, a plastic grocery bag in hand. He was drenched, dark hair clinging to the back of his neck.
“To be fair, Odinson was pretty clear that, if Jane were ever to get pregnant, he was gonna step back from business and keep a low profile for a while,” Bucky hummed, eyes scanning over the sports section. “Just because you want to keep your business flowing doesn’t mean Thor should keep putting his neck on the line with a baby on the way.”
Tony nodded, looking up to Bruce, eyes eagerly and mouth ready to ramble. “I’m creating an A.I. unit.” He smiled brightly.
Steve simply watched, giving Bucky another look. “Search his pockets." He ordered and Bucky immediately began cleaning out the contents of Loki’s pocket. “There’s nothing in th- hello, what’s this?" Bucky growled, pulling out the stack of money and passing it to Steve.
There was a brief knock at the door, mirroring the rain tapping at the window. Steve slumped back into his chair as the door opened, a shock of red hair filling his unfocused gaze. Natasha was quiet in her approach, and Steve didn’t truly acknowledge her presence until he heard a clink of metal as the woman placed a tray before him.  The silver tray, taking up the center of his desk, was adorned with a turkey sandwich, neatly sliced from one corner to the other. A bottle of water and a few potato chips stood as the only sides.
“You seem to be in a much better mood. After all that worrying you did last night for Rogers and his band of fuckups,” Ty pressed his lips to the bottle for a quick sip. “I would’ve figured you’d be on your father’s case again today.”
Bucky woke slowly on his cot in the lab, stretching his sore muscles and running metallic fingers through his hair. It had to only be midnight, but he was buzzing with too many thoughts to get a full night sleep. Sitting up, Bucky yawned and stood, frowning at the sound of glass crunching under his boots. Looking down, he found glass littering the floor, broken shards that had once stood as he short barrier in the lab.
“No. This is about Steve Rogers, the protégé extraordinaire. Seems he stood up his usual meeting with Howard.”
The food was abysmal, but that didn’t mean there wasn’t medical supplies left. His pack was running low on bandages and other first aid equipment; maybe they’d even be lucky enough to find a few of the hard drugs behind the counter, for emergencies or trade. The blonde opened the door leading to the storeroom behind the counter, only to pause. There was a whirling sound, like rope being pulled taut and- A pressure wrapped around his right ankle and the blonde was suddenly on his back. His leg pulled upward of its own accord, until the man was upside down, swinging back and forth in the doorway. The shotgun clambered to the ground, and the blonde ended up having to shrug off his backpack to avoid the downward pressure on his arms. “Shit,” he swore, voice gravelly.
"Wait." Tony cut him off short. “A signal. Bucky, that’s brilliant!" Tony said, moving across the lab.
"To my house in Malibu. Far from the Captain and his little misfit gang," Obadiah hissed, moving to shove Tony into the chopper when the roof door slammed open and Clint, Natasha and Bucky stepped out with guns ready.
"Thank you, sir," Tony said, giving Bucky a look and Bucky huffed, slowly relaxing. “I’m ready to get back to work on your weapons."
Tony gripped at the lab table to steady himself. "Weren't planning on losing an arm? It was a grenade!" Tony snapped, paling as he examined the work done. The doctors had known what they were doing and Bucky should be fine and healthy, but that didn't mean he should lose his arm. Bucky didn't deserve that.
And with that, Toni stalked off of the dancefloor and disappeared into the crowd. Steve stood dumbfounded in her wake, shoving his fingers through his hair as he turned for the bar. Fucking idiot. His one change to get even remotely close to Howard Stark, and it blew up in his face. Taking up a stool at the bar, Steve flagged the bartender down for a drink, fingers drumming against the marble counter. His mind was whirling, already formulating new plans. Maybe he could get in touch with Howard’s scheduler and explain the situation, insist that he needed a speedy response and quick meeting? No, everyone must call in with that same excuse in the hopes of bumping up their meeting times. What if he found a new source for imports? Stark may control the docks, but Thor wasn’t the only company on the roads. Maybe he could sort through some of his father’s old contacts, grovel for quick solution until he could figure out his plan in the long term-
Tony sat quietly at the table as they ate dinner, listening to Bucky and Clint argue over something they saw on TV while Bruce and Steve talked politics. For a moment, it was as if they were all one family. Tony smiled slightly, bringing a forkful of ravioli to his mouth as his eyes fell on Steve. Watching those pink, full lips talk with such vigor while his blue eyes sparked with passion, as if to sell Bruce on what he was preaching by a simple look.
Toni jerked away from his hand, but she didn’t deny his claims either. Her fingers were tapping a nervous beat against the leather of the steering wheel. “I’m a fucking idiot,” she muttered angrily. “I should have seen it sooner that he was no good. That he was planning something like this or…or
your company, Sharon, I refuse to wait out here with you when I only need to poke my head in and throw these files on his desk. He’ll know what they’re for and we won’t even have to interact. I think that’s a win for us all and- oh! Look at that, my hand is already on the door knob. Oh no, it’s turning and the door is opening. I guess I’ll just go in now.”
She had to ask him about calendar. She had to ask him about what he was doing last night. She sincerely hoped it was some small coincidence, like maybe the meeting was actually rescheduled again back to the original date. But it was unlikely, and what would Toni do if her suspicions were confirmed? She needed to confront both parties involved in this; if she wanted the full story, she would have to ask both Ty and Obadiah. Obadiah was obviously aware of whatever Ty did last night, and that was odd in itself. His entire relationship with her fiancé was odd; Toni swore they hadn’t met outside of her presence, and now their trading business advice? Something was very wrong here, and Toni knew her brain was already piecing things together, but she couldn’t acknowledge those thoughts yet. She needed to get them in the same room and feel them out, get a read on their dynamic before she decided what the truth was and whether something needed to be said to the two or to her father.
Bucky made a face. “But Tony, a signal cant necessary work. I mean it isn’t like we can light the lab on fire and make a smoke signal," Bucky huffed.
“No, you shouldn’t have.” No ‘thank you’, no admittance that Toni had been right. Christ, the prospect of having to do either must just be driving the blonde insane. “For now, it’s over. You have Barnes and we now know who’s orchestrating all the trouble.”
"Business?" Bucky asked, adjusting the strap of his sling before turning to face the brunet. "You're wondering why he changed?" A nod from Toni. "His mother died, that's what changed."
Bruce put a hand on Clint's shoulder, giving him a soft look. "We'll figure this out, okay? Tony's smart, he'll figure out a way to help us find him. And I believe whoever has Tony, has Bucky. I think it's the same person behind all of this. We just have to find out who."
A glance down at her own attire revealed the blood and wine that speckled her sundress. Barnes’ blood. Toni gave her a halfhearted smile, folding the shirt over her arm. “You’re not wrong.” She turned to take the clothes towards the bathroom, pausing when she noticed Natasha had yet to leave. “Ms. Romanov?”
Steve mulled over her words and when she was sure he wasn’t going to respond, she pushed herself up from her seat and turned for the door. She said her peace and she mediated this argument as much as she was willing to do. Now it was in their hands, not that she had much faith in either man; they were both stubborn and hardheaded. No wonder they were such close friends. She was just one step out of the door when Steve’s voice stopped her. “Ms. Stark?”
"Is that the guy that broke into your house?" Bucky muttered under his breath as he watched Tony fumble with the metallic shell of the glove he was building. The one he slightly modeled Bucky’s arm off of.
Steve stopped suddenly, the request jarring him. “No,” the blonde assured, hiking Toni farther up on his back. “I’ve got her. I told you she would be my responsibility and I’m taking care of it. I can carry her to the town.”
“Maybe not directly, but I am going to take all of her shit and see how she likes it,” Bucky muttered, leading the way out of the apartment. “And you certainly aren’t convincing her to join us; I know you. I’m not giving her the chance to screw us over again.”
The morning after getting Tony and Bucky back from Obidiah, Clint expected a lot of things to happen. He expected Thor to come bounding into the kitchen early that morning demanding poptarts. He expected Bruce to sit at the end of the table and quietly begin reading the newspaper. He expected to see Natasha sneak in to fix a cup of coffee for herself and Bucky.
Obadiah nodded, smiling widely. “And have my helicopter prepared for take off in fifteen minutes. I have a flight to catch.”
Toni raised a brow, before groaning. “It’s nothing personal, guy. I’d ask for your name, but then it kind of humanizes the victim and then robbing you seems like such a bummer, you know?”
“Yeah, yeah, sorry Im late. Fucking brother went to bed late and I had to wait for him to fall asleep.” Clint was saying, huffing as the darken figure to his left snorted.
Toni glowered at the two, shifting back on her ass and leaning back into the couch cushions. “He’s not wrong. You did try and rob me,” the blonde piped up, scooping up a forkful of beans.
“You knew exactly what he was doing,” Bucky hummed, eyes on Steve as the blonde offered Howard a seat at their table. “You were just too afraid to hear it.”
Overhead, rifle shots rang out and Steve glanced to the corner office that Bucky had apparently set up in. Steve sighed, tugging out his phone and calling Clint. “What’s the report?"
Obadiah leaned back into his chair, humming thoughtfully as he sipped from his glass of scotch. “Let them through. Act like they’re surprising us.” He hummed, standing. “And bring me Anthony.”
Steve’s fists clenched, but he stepped aside as Toni breezed past him. “He didn't force me to this. How could you possibly know that?”
Steve, bless his heart, stood and moved over to Thor, touching his shoulder. “Careful, Thor, you’re squishing him,” Steve said lightly, but with a note of concern.
day. He really didn’t expect to be rescued by anyone other than Steve, and even that hope had been diminishing with each passing hour. But here was Antonia Stark, his guardian angel. His angel, who looked like she was trying very hard to keep herself together. “Steve said to meet him at his house; it’s the safest place for us both right now.”
Toni opened her mouth as if to argue, but Ty was already kissing her cheek with distant emotion, more eager to be included with Howard. “Martini?” He asked his fiancé and Toni could only nod numbly as she watched the two abandon her.
Toni made her way through the western wing of the house, following the path that had been shown to her and Ty the day before during their brief meeting with Steve. Today, however, Toni passed the library in favor of continuing on to the end of the hallway where she was sure Steve’s office was. Sure enough, Toni rounded the corner to find a small waiting area, complete with a desk and three chairs arranged between her and a closed door. The click of Toni’s heels must have announced her arrival, because the petite blonde woman at the desk was already glaring her down. “Ms. Stark. I don’t seem to remember Pepper scheduling-“
Rhodey lifted the bag at his feet and hefted the strap onto his shoulder, taking a step forward and placing a hand on Toni’s shoulder before she could lash out. “I understand your concern, Mr. Rogers, and I appreciate it, but I’m just here because Toni needs a friend at this moment. I also come with her father’s blessing,” Rhodey shook the bag, “These are a few of her belongings that Happy picked up from her apartment. I’m passing them along.”
He slowly slid out of the bed, tugging open the door and trudging down the steps, following the smell of syrup to the kitchen where breakfast was in full swing. Bucky sat at the table, still shirtless as he happily dug into a plate of blueberry pancakes that were practically drowning in syrup.
Loki shrugged. “You’re lucky I know the things I know now. Obadiah only gave me parts of his plan; I don’t know the details."
The blonde was quiet for a long minute. Did this asshole really think that little of how he had hurt her when they first met? He had willing tried to manipulate her, developed a feud with her over his actions, and now he was going to throw away all the benefits that he had hurt her for just like that? It added more fuel to Toni’s hatred for the man that he was going to let her pain be in vain. And why would he deny her father’s help? He needed to find Barnes and he should take all the help he can get. So was this a pride thing? Steve had to find Bucky all by himself?
Steve growled in frustration, fists clenching as Bucky grabbed his shoulder, turning him to face him. “Steve, give it a rest for tonight. We’ll try again in the morning but seriously, you look exhausted. Let it go for now."
He turned his head to look at her in the corner of his eye, jaw clenched, and Toni knew she had him. “He’s family. If I can’t protect him, of all people, how can I protect the rest of my crew?”
Steve nodded in agreement, stepping forward and placing a hand on Tony’s shoulder. “I know how much you care about him, Clint. I promise, I’ll take good care of him and if I ever hurt him, I personally give you permission to kick my ass to the moon and back.”
The larger blonde smiled wider, stepping forward and resting a hand on Toni’s waist, connecting the other one with hers. “You’ll have to forgive me, I’m not the best dancer.”
Letting out a shaky breath, Tony moved over to the screen, eyes studying for any sign of life. His breath hitched as he spotted Clint in the kitchen, sitting at the table with Bucky and talking quietly. Tony’s heart picked up a little as Steve entered, pouring himself a cup of coffee as Bruce followed him in. Tony gasped and pressed a hand to the screen, a smile stretching across his face. Bruce looked fine. Absolutely fine.
“Huh?” Ty asked from the walk-in closet, sorting through the jackets he had lined up along one side.
“And miss the birthday of my favorite Stark?” Justin asked, adjusting just purple tie. It really was an ugly color, Toni decided.
Steve turned sharply, slamming his fist down on his desk and drawing a flinch from the redhead. “Oh. So you want me to thank you, then? Is that what I’m hearing?”
Steve’s smile widened at that, a twinkle of amusement in his eyes. “Everybody needs to be saved at some point in their lives, Ms. Stark. It’s what makes us human.”
Steve’s grip tightened as he pulled into the driveway, glancing to Clint. “I promise, Clint. We wont quit until we find him."
“So what? We leave her here with nothing? Out in the open so anything can get her?” Steve argued. He bent down and hooked his arms under her shoulders and knees, lifting the brunette’s limp form into his arms.
The room was all too quiet now, but Bucky could see the hurt in both of their eyes. Blows must have been traded minutes before, far beyond the two’s usual bickering. “You have a meeting at three so I suggest you hurry up and look over your paperwork,” Bucky snapped, before leveling Toni with a hard look. “Ms. Stark.”
Toni rolled her eyes, moving to grab the gun from the corner before she took Bucky’s arm and began for the stairs. “Hurry, in case he wakes up. I don’t think we could deal with him again.”
“I’ll take it.” Toni stepped in front of the mirror beside the front door, fishing through her bag for a cherry-red lipstick to accent her Metallica t-shirt and jeans. “I assume you’ll be gone when I get home? I don’t see how a stockholders’ dinner is supposed to take all day.”
“Hello? My fellow friends!” A booming voice called as the front door open and Bucky grinned, nudging Tony. “That’s Thor. He and Loki are staying for the next couple of days while their apartment’s getting work done.”
Clint sighed and looked away, leaning against the door frame. “I just want Tony back, Bruce. Ever since…ever since our parents died, that kid has been all I’ve had. I love him to death and knowing that he’s out there with some…some fucked up mob boss that’s screwing with our heads…I’m scared for him…" Clint whispered and trailed off, taking a slow breath.
“Sorry.” Steve stepped forward, setting the tray down on Bucky’s bedside table so he could eat when he was ready. “Ham and Swiss sandwich, chips, and a bottle of water.”
Howard Stark knew. “I have some thoughts on how you can prevent future security mishaps. But first, Tiberius and I were going to grab a drink from the bar. I’m sure you wouldn’t mind keeping my daughter company until we return.”
Steve frowned, rubbing his face and looking Hammer over. “I want Obadiah’s schedule. I want blue prints. I want the patrol times and anything else that can help.”
"Thank you, Steven. I worked with Clint at the range just the other week," Thor said offhandedly as he checked the bag strapped to his back filled with enough explosives to take down a mall.
“Everything is going as planned. I expect a retaliation from Rogers within the next few days. He’s getting desperate.”
That seemed to be the tipping point; Toni was at the brink of her sharing capacity. “I ran into a few hiccups here and there. Lost friends, faced ruthless survivors. The whole shebang.”
She watched him lazily blow the smoke towards the cracked window, before straightening out her shoulders. “You told me you were going to quit.”
The road itself was overgrown, thick grasses spilling over the pale dirt and brushing at Bucky’s calves as he waded through them. Steve led the way, shoving back what he could for Bucky using the barrel of his shotgun. In his arms, Toni looked smaller than before. Her brow was furrowed and her jaw was clenched, the slow rise and fall of her chest the only indication she was okay. Bucky had to admit, going through a broken arm in a world like this was shit cards to be dealt, and the road ahead of her wasn’t easy. But she had handled it with strength and that was something to be admired, if she hadn’t nearly succeeded in robbing them of all their supplies. A broken arm was karma and Bucky refused to feel too bad for her. Bucky was so busy studying the girl that he nearly rammed into Steve’s back when the blonde abruptly stopped. “Hey, whoa. What is it?” Bucky asked, taking a step back before he jarred Toni too much.
The blonde laughed, grinning with a smile that made Tony’s stomach clench. “I’m Agent Donovan, and I’ve been sent here to get a little information from you.”
Tony blinked thoughtfully. “I didn’t think of it like that,” Tony said. He slowly circled Steve, eyes darting to examine every possible movement and outcome. Tony watched Steve wind back his arm for a punch and Tony could practically see the numbers swimming around them. The speed of Steve’s swing, the amount of force Tony would need to take Steve down, it was all right there.
Tony frowned, clenching his fists and looking away. “That I build these weapons or you’ll blow up the house."
Bruce nodded and immediately moved into the lab, heading to the main computer and pulling up the surveillance videos from the kitchen. “Steve! You’re gonna want to see this!" Bruce cried and Clint beat him there, leaning over his shoulder as the others filed in.
"What about his base of operations? Can you give us a location?" Clint asked, already trying to formulate a plan.
Tony blinked, looking around and finding everyone’s eyes on him. “Huh? Oh, yeah. Sure. A movie night would be nice,” Tony said lightly, taking a slow sip of his water.
No, that was a big no-no. Howard Stark’s time was valuable, it was the reason his schedule was booked a year in advance. Not showing up to a meeting was rude, but Steve? Someone who her father has taken the time to groom for business and show the way around the city? It was a sign of disrespect. “Jesus,” Toni muttered, snatching up her bag and phone. Steve was only going to perpetuate his problems if he pissed off the one person in his corner, and Toni frankly didn’t want to deal with her father when he felt like putting others in their place. Things always tended to end up bloody, and while her father had a soft spot for the blonde, he still had to make some form of example of him. Rogers wasn’t just an ass, he was a fucking idiot. “I have to go. I’m sure Rhodey’s waiting,” Toni muttered, squeezing Obadiah’s shoulder and giving Ty a distracted kiss on the cheek.
Donovan shifted nervously on his feet, looking down to the floor below. “The kid said he has nothing to do with Rogers.”
Tony felt a blush creep across his cheeks and he immediately looked away, opening his mouth to fumble out an excuse but he was cut off by the lab door opening. Tony relaxed slowly as Bucky crossed his arms defensively. “Good to see you two up!" Obadiah said cheerily, flashing a smile to Bucky. “That’s a marvelous arm, Barnes. Beautiful work, Anthony."
Steve glanced over to Bucky, finding the brunet watching him intently with a warm look. He knew Bucky’s aversion to strangers and yet the brunet was still willing to help the girl.
"What’s wrong with your neck?" Obadiah asked, dark eyes flickering to Tony to examine the movement closely.
Tony’s eyes narrowed and he sat up, brushing off his shirt as he glared up to the man. “Really? You have nothing better to do with your day than to rob me?” Tony complained, fishing out his wallet and passing it over, watching the man look the item over. “Honestly, if criminals put half the effort they use to mug people into an actual job, maybe they wouldn’t have to be mugging in the first place.”
Steve huffed softly. "There's only two guys that can tell us at the moment. Loki and Tony. Loki isn't going to budge, the ass is too proud of himself," Steve mumbled.
Toni stepped in front of Bucky, moving to raise the pistol but Raza was too quick, grabbing her wrist in his large hand and jerking her to the side. Toni hit the ground hard, the pistol slipping from her hands and sliding across the concrete floor out of reach. She rolled to her back just in time to see Bucky take a large step forward, throwing his weight forward and using the momentum to drive his fist into Raza’s jaw. The guard stumbled back, cupping the side of his face and lifting his gaze to glare at Bucky. Toni acted fast, rolling to her knees and reaching to grab a bottle of wine from the nearest rack. She pushed herself up and, just as Raza began towards Bucky, swung the bottle around. It connected with the man’s head with a satisfying crack, glass shattering and wine splattering over the cellar floor. Raza fell forward unconscious, landing on the ground with a sickening thud. Bucky glanced over at her, before huffing a laugh. “Glad you’re on my side.”
Loki laughed, low and bitter as he glared up to Steve. “Client confidentiality." He sneered and Steve kneed him easily in the stomach. “I was paid…a bonus for…keeping…my mouth…shut," He coughed around the words.
"Oh, Tony," Bucky whispered, wrapping an arm around the boy and pulling him closer. "It’s okay. Steve knows who we’re with and why. Even if Stane has your weapon, it wont be for long." Bucky said.
"Because you’re too recognizable. Everyone knows what the Captain looks like, be it for admiration or fear. And anyways, we’re in enemy territory," Clint teased before his eyes narrowed and he was tensing. “There he is."
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose. “I’m not… Fuck, Buck. I’m not doubting your ability, but they got you once-“
With that, she slammed the door shut and raced down the front walk to her car, sliding into the driver’s seat and turning the key in the ignition. One look in the rearview mirror confirmed Bucky was sprawled across the backseat, resting his head back against the cool glass of the window. “Please tell me you taught that fucker a lesson,” he muttered, eyes shut as he adjusted uncomfortably in his seat.
Rain pattered a staccato rhythm against the window, drowning out the ticking of the clock perched on the office’s fireplace mantle. A blond man was seated at the mahogany desk, chair reclined back and one long leg crossed over the other. His suit was a sharp navy blue, the fabric stretched tight over his muscles, accented by a thin black tie. His elbow was propped on one armrest, cradling his chin in his palm while the other hand balanced a glass of whiskey on his knee. He was the picture of peace, gaze drifting lazily over the gardens outside the window despite how the rain blurred the image. The man was so lost in his reveries that, when the clock on the mantle chimed, his blue eyes blinked in surprise. How long had he been staring off? What had he even been working on?
Toni raised a brow, taking in Steve’s bored expression before lifting herself up and moving to the bar to return her emptied glass. “Do you really care? I have a feeling your RSVP card will have a big, red ‘X’ for “no” on it.”
Toni gave him an amused look, turning back to her own drink and cradling it between her hands. She watched the liquid thoughtfully for a moment, before pressing further. “I can see your frustration. Hell, I get frustrated by Rogers all the damn time. If we went a day without arguing, I would think the world might actually be ending,” she joked softly.
"Not today, asshole," Clint sneered as he tackled Justin to the ground, yanking his arms behind his back. “We need to have a chat, Hammer."
"Im prepared to deal with that. I got you and Clint and the whole gang. How bad could it be?" he murmured, smiling up to Steve.
“Sounds perfect,” he replied truthfully, padding further into the kitchen and leaning against the island. “Not that I don’t enjoy your company but why exactly are you here at the estate in the middle of the night? Does Steve know about this?” he asked, only partially joking.
The blonde laughed, dragging the handgun down Tony’s cheek to press it at the base of Tony’s chin. “Feisty. I wonder if the boss will mind if I play with you before I leave.”
“You need to have some form of sustenance. Other than coffee or booze.” Natasha’s hand darted out, taking up his empty liquor glass perched on the corner of the desk. “You spent all night searching; you’ll be no help to Barnes if you keep denying yourself food and rest.” She set the glass on the bar. “You’re running on fumes.”
“He controls the docks, Stevie. You get in his good graces? We can get your supplies into the city without the need of Odinson’s truck company,” Bucky assured, resting his hands on the desk before Steve, palms splayed out on the fine wood.
A man turned to face him, eyebrow raised as he slid his glasses from his nose, polishing them off before setting them on the lab table he was working at. “And you are…?”
It was noon by the time Steve was shouldering open the door to Bucky’s bedroom, a tray in hand adorned with lunch for the brunet. It had been another rough morning for the blonde, his morning run around the neighborhood feeling lonelier and lonelier the more days he went without Bucky. His shoes hitting the pavement, the absence of the usual breathless banter, it all reminded the blonde that his best friend was home in bed, nursing a nasty bullet wound from a kidnapping where he had nearly been killed. Bucky’s kidnapping may not have been a direct attack on Steve as much as it was on Howard, but it still proved two things. One: Steve was a sucker for his family. Two: he was not able to protect them. And if there was anyone he should be able to protect? Of all the men and women who contribute to the business, was he even a good boss if he couldn’t protect his second in command?
Well, that makes one of them. “Justin, I’m surprised to see you here. I thought you were away on business in Japan,” Toni hummed, taking up a glass of champagne from a passing waiter. She had only agreed on sending him an invitation under the presumption that he wouldn’t be able to attend anyways.
Tony coughed, still in shock over the kiss as he squirmed against Bucky. “It’s…no problem, Buck. You’re…squishing….me," Tony managed out, sucking in a deep breath when Bucky let him go. “I didn’t realize how strong that arm was," Tony huffed, smirking slightly. “Anyways, it was the least I could do. It’s my fault your here."
“Rogers.” What the hell was going on? This was increasingly sounding like a situation her father should be dealing with, or at least kept in the loop on. She has seen Steve calm and she has seen him with restrained anger, but never like this. Never with a cruel, brutal fire burning in his eyes. “Rogers, hey.”
With a deep breath to steel himself, Steve reached towards his phone. Bringing the handset to his ear, Steve was just about to punch in Howard’s number when the phone itself rang. The blonde blinked, brow furrowing as he shifted closer to examine the caller ID. The screen displayed “ANTONIA STARK,” and that was even more peculiar. How the hell had she managed to get the number of his direct line, bypassing Sharon? Against better judgement (and maybe just to buy a little more time before calling Howard), Steve accepted the call. “Ms. Stark, how did you get this number?”
The boss simply hummed, lifting his wine glass to take a slow sip before opening the file. “Anthony Edward Stark,” The boss mused. “Parents died a few years ago, one older brother- is he of any importance?”
“Is that just an excuse to get me shirtless, because you know all you have to do is ask, Stevie,” Bucky grinned, but obliged and pulled the article off. “Better?” he purred, stepping forward into the blonde’s space.
Clint smiled, ruffling Tony's hair and leaning back to look him in the eyes. "You scared me half to death, kid," Clint muttered as Tony grinned.
The snarky reply was immediate, as expected. “Oh, I know. The great James Barnes strikes again.” The faucet shut off in the background, replaced by the crinkling of a paper towel. “I’m washing up in the second floor bathroom. I’ll be down in five and we can head back to the house. Celebrate with a drink. How does that-“ Bucky cut off for a brief moment, before continuing in a sharper, low tone. “The fuck do you think you’re doing, buddy?”
“Steve’s your partner and he’s obviously in some form of distress.” Toni’s brow furrowed as she leaned forward to peer around her father’s seat and get a better look at his expression. “I thought you’d want to help him. You certainly give him enough business advice.”
Steve grinned, reaching across the board and motioning for Toni to hold out her hand, setting the car in her palm before he placed the battleship figurine on “GO.” “Toni can be the car. Just pick something else,” Steve huffed, rolling his eyes in exasperation although there was a smile on his face.
The reply was instant, going off with another chime. Clint looked over the response before a smile passed over his face and he looked to Bruce.
“Thank Toni instead,” Bucky huffed. He hurt like hell, but Bucky couldn’t really bring himself to care because Steve was looking at him with that wide-eyed, painfully happy look and Bucky could only collapse forward into his friend, who was all too eager to wrap him up in a tight hug. “You couldn’t have possibly thought it was that easy to get rid of me, Stevie.”
“Natasha Romanov,” the woman introduced without hesitation, passing forward the teacup to Toni. “I’m one of Steve’s…enforcers.”
She was up and out of the shopping cart, and it felt good to finally stretch her legs. Without the pain or the morphine to cloud her mind, she could finally appreciate the godsend that was this town. The general store, much like the supermarket, was relatively untouched compared to other places. The shelves were lined with odds and ends, and even the front counter still had lighters in display cases and an assortment of cigarettes on the wall. Some of these things were real delicacies in these times.
Bucky huffed softly and turned to the club, kicking the door open. One guy? He could handle it and if things got to heated, he’d make sure to call Steve. He stepped into the now empty club, eyes roaming over the scene. The bullet holes from the fire fight the night before were still visible, but someone had gone to efforts to clean the place up to open again.
"The guard, I did not see him," Thor hissed through gritted teeth, leaning against the wall of the hallway and huffing.
His remark served its purpose and Toni cracked a small smile. “Certainly wasn’t true love or any of that shit. I didn’t really believe in it to begin with. But I thought he was predictable. A safe choice. Clearly, I’m just very bad at reading people.”
“Shit.” Ty’s words jogged her memory, and Toni suddenly remembered why she had to see Steve at all today. Toni passed the cigarette back, turning for the entrance. “I forgot to ask either of them for the contracts I dropped off this morning. Dad wants them today and they were supposed to bring them to the party.”
"They…they wanted to know what I told Clint when I contacted him," Tony whispered, glancing down. "Stane dunked me underwater until I told him. I didn’t mean to give in, it’s just there was so much water and I couldn’t breathe or fight and…and…"
“Oh no, Stevie. We did this your way, now it’s time to do it my way,” Bucky insisted, carefully tucking Steve’s sketchbook into his backpack and tossing it to the blonde. “That’s all the supplies we had, and this town has nothing in it. We either find her or we starve for the next few days until we reach a new town.”
"With all due respect, sir, I’d like to lead the team to rescue my brother." Clint said, and it really was a request as he looked up to meet Steve’s eyes.
Bucky couldn’t help but agree. Taking the time to sort through what would fit in their packs or not wasted precious daylight. Better to grab everything and trim down later than having to spend multiple days looting just to work through a few stores. “We’ll start with the canned foods on aisle…” Bucky glanced to the green signs hanging over the beginning of each aisle of shelving. “…four.”
Clint laughed, taking his own seat and lifting his glass of water, taking a slow sip. “Years of practice with Tony,” he teased.
"Are you sure this will work?" Steve frowned, taking a slow sip from his drink as he straightened the hat on his head.
Steve quirked a brow in return, gaze darting across the room towards where Howard was flirting with a young, blonde donor. Of course, with a last name like Stark, Toni could probably have a free run anywhere in the city. “Alright, how does it feel to be able to
Steve nodded, turning to Clint. “You and Natasha are going to go into Stane’s manor. I wish I could give you more of a team, but security is tight at his estate and you and Natasha are the stealthiest we have. Bruce, you’ll stand by on medical support. After Stane is taken out, I’ll send out a team to take care of his weapons and men bunking in the Main Street office buildings.”
“I don’t need you coddling me,” Toni muttered, and after a long moment of bracing herself, Toni shifted to her knees and pushed herself up. She swayed briefly, before clenching her jaw and straightening out. “Bad enough we’re stuck with each other while my arm heals. Doesn’t mean I can’t still take care of myself in some regard.”
Toni had sunk down onto the edge of the bed, her eyes locked on the navy rug beneath her feet. She wanted to talk, she wanted to release all that she had kept pent up this past day. However, every time she went to express herself, her throat tightened and caught the words until she was forced to swallow them back down. Toni just didn’t do
“Hey, I'm not bad. Happy taught me how to box,” Tony said, flopping down to sit on the sparring mat, rubbing his neck.
“I thought I made my opinion of what you were doing last night perfectly clear,” Toni cut him off, leaning forward over her breakfast to narrow her eyes on the man. “And what do you do? You go over my head and weasel your way into my father’s company.”
Obadiah liked to consider himself a patient man,one who prided in keeping his flaring temper under constant supervision. But it had become a well known rule in the manor not to bother him when he is in his study because it is here that he comes to decompress and work in peace. So at these words and the sight of the agent sliding into the office made Obadiah’s grip tighten on the pen in his hand.
Tonight, her mind was on Barnes. Or, more accurately, what his disappearance means for the city. The woman was sure that her father had no part in the whole thing. If Howard was planning such a big move that might seriously affect business, such as turning against one of his closest partners, he would have told her. He would’ve wanted Toni to prepare cover stories for any political, financial, or violent trouble Steve might cause. So who would want Steve to turn on Howard? Because that had to be the end goal here, right? Someone had to have known that having the van left in Manhattan would make Steve suspicious of her father, so it had to be purposeful. Someone wanted a war, but why?
Tony raised an eyebrow and glanced over his shoulder with a grin. “What’s wrong, wonder boy? Afraid that I might be finding someone new to banter with?” Tony teased, leaving no room for a response as he walked down the hallway and out to the kitchen.
Bucky huffed and shook his head, focusing on his pancakes with a pout but making no further argument. Tony looked over his eggs, glancing around at the large kitchen. “Don’t you have more in your little mob than these two?” Tony asked.
Obadiah smiled widely. “A fine quality, although I don’t want my genius to be exhausted. Exhaustion can lead to mistakes, Anthony, and you know what mistakes lead to."
“I’m not,” Bucky said truthfully, glancing at her for a moment before tossing a can of soup in beside her and pushing the cart forward. “We’re stuck together for the foreseeable future, and I don’t think it’s particularly unreasonable for me to want to get to know someone who will be traveling with us.”
"Ah, yes." The boss snapped his fingers and Justin Hammer was moving forward with a laptop. “You are here, Anthony, because of these," the man opened the computer, showing Tony his weapon designs. “You are a bright young man. And I would love to have your weapons made, but the designs are so complex, well, I’m afraid I needed you to help us out."
“Toni Stark? Turning down a party? We went to school together, I know you better than that. A glass of wine and you’ll feel better,” Ty snorted, stepping out of the closet in a fresh navy suit and crossing towards the bathroom.
"Maybe I’ll bring in an assistant to help you," Obadiah thought out loud and Tony’s gaze immediately snapped to him. “Of course it would just have to be more like a lackey. Wouldn’t want anyone trying to challenge you genius and stunt your progress."
"Far right out." Clint smirked, grabbing his last bow as he aimed to the last corner of the wall. "It was a Christmas present from Steve. This is the first chance I’ve gotten to use it," He smirked, releasing the arrow before tucking away the bow and sliding to the ground. "Far left out. We’re good until the patrol comes back through."
Steve finally leveled the redhead with a glare. “Well sure. She’s a brat, but she’s been put through a lot these past two days. She doesn’t deserve that.”
Bruce sighed as the car pulled out of the camera’s view, shutting off the computer. “Look’s like Loki went with them," He mumbled, rubbing his face.
Toni hesitated. It was stupid, to think about something like board games when the undead roamed the streets. The only thing that should be on anyone’s minds is survival in this world. Fun and games just weren’t a thing. But, they were safely barricaded in and had a great day of looting. Perhaps they did deserve to let loose a little, celebrate their current good fortune.
Steve scoffed, taking up his glass of water and turning his attention back to the whale stubbornly. “I have no reason to be thinking of Howard. I approved all of the contracts he sent.”
“You’re out of shape,” Steve smirked, squirting the water into his mouth and watching as Tony rubbed at his still aching neck. “What did you do to your neck?” Steve asked, tossing Tony his water bottle.
Look who's back with an update in an appropriate amount of time, instead of a four month wait~ I can't take all of the credit, seeing Captain Marvel really put me in the mood to write. I really liked the movie! I loved the characters and the performance of all the actors, but I do wish there was a bit more to the plot. But I understand it was an origin story and I guess I'm still recovering from the action and depth of Infinity War, so I don't think the movie really was to blame. I just loved it. And I did cry at the very beginning and those of you who have seen it will understand why, and those of you who have not- prepare yourselves. ANYWAYS, without further delay, your update!
"I knew you’d be agreeable," Obadiah smiled, patting Tony’s back. “Get to work, boy," he hummed, turning to leave. “Oh, and Tony?" Obadiah called, pausing at the door with a grin. “This is just for a little motivation," he smiled, pulling out a remote and hitting a button before laughing and walking out.
Obadiah’s snarl was the only warning he got before he was tossed to the floor sharply, landing hard on his shoulder. “So they know who has you and why they have you.” It would only be time before they found out about the invasion. He was sure Justin wouldn’t hold under torture. “I want that weapon finished by tonight so I can produce more by tomorrow,” He spat at Tony, watching the boy grip his shoulder in pain. “Or else.”
Bucky weaved through the few couples on the dance floor, coming to a clear spot before turning to face Toni. She was glowering at the man, but Bucky pretended not to notice as he pulled her close and pressed both hands to either side of her waist. “You couldn’t just let him apologize?”
Clint stepped forward, fists clenched tightly but Bruce’s comforting hand on his arm was enough to keep him back. “You’re my best friend, Rogers. And you
Clint’s eyes narrowed just a fraction as he stepped forward, hooking his finger in the collar of Tony’s shirt and with a small tug, revealed the hickey. “You know what.”
“No, I obviously don’t! Because you’re here, obviously working with my godfather in some capacity, and hurting someone. And for what?” Toni spit out, blinking back tears of anger and raising the gun more firmly. “Don’t tell me this is some kind of moral crusade because of what Barnes does. You’re torturing a man who is allied with our family; this is a political move and I want to know what the fuck you’re planning!”
A cool speck of water pelted against his forehead, and Bucky looked up to curse their luck a little more directly. They couldn’t afford to get caught in a storm, not when they still had to make to town, loot, and find shelter. Another drop hit his cheek and Bucky sighed, shoving his bag higher on his back and swerving in their path to walk beside Toni. “Come here, brat,” he muttered, reaching for her despite Toni’s recoiling. “We need to pick up the pace, you’re slowing us down,” he argued matter-of-factly.
Natasha snorted from beside him, the binoculars at her eyes trained on the large manor that stood before them. “You’re enjoying that new bow way too much.” She commented.
“Buck?” Steve straightened out, pressing a finger to his free ear to block out the excess noise. There was a clatter in what Steve assumed was Bucky dropping the phone, followed by a heavy thud not far from the receiver. “Bucky?”
"It shows." Steve hummed as he moved towards the entrance and gave the door a rough kick, sending it off its hinges to the ground.
The man straightened his shoulders – the posture of a military man, Steve noted – and offered his hand to the blonde. “My name is James Rhodes. I’m here to see Toni.”
Steve grunted, rubbing his face. “I knew Stane hadn’t gotten over that. I thought we had that settled." Steve huffed before narrowing his eyes. “Why does Stane want Bucky?"
“Huh. Does dad know you’re helping out?” She supposed her father would be happy to hear that Ty was taking more interest in associating with Howard’s men and being a team player with the business.
Bucky blinked, a smile slowly spreading across his face. “And we can put out an S.O.S.! Tony, you’re a genius," Bucky said, clapping his shoulder.
“For tonight? Hell yeah. We certainly can’t trust you,” Bucky shook his head, pausing in the bedroom doorway and giving her a smug look. “So you’ll just have to stay like that until tomorrow morning. By then, we’ll know what to do with you.”
If Toni was forced to compliment Steve Rogers in any way, she supposed she would show some form of appreciation for his house. His grand New York estate wasn’t as big as Stark Mansion, of course, but maybe that was a part of the appeal for Toni. The blonde had purchased the home a year after partnering with her father, taking his newfound profit and investing it in a building that could serve as both a home and a base for business. The eastern wing of the house served as living quarters for the blonde, complete with one master bedroom and five guest rooms; Toni was willing to bet that one of those rooms was permanently claimed by Barnes. The western wing had been renovated to incorporate a large office with a library down the hall, a personal gym that accommodated a steady flow of Steve’s most trusted lackeys, and a large garage that sported four expensive, custom cars that were no doubt retrofitted with some form of bullet proofing. A fully furnished kitchen, dining room, and lounge were housed between the two wings. Even the grounds surrounding the brick-faced building were divided perfectly. A large deck ran along the back of the home, leading to a swimming pool on the left and wild, sprawling gardens on the right.
“Speaking of Tony, where is he? And Bruce?” Steve added, looking to the two empty chairs and the cool pasta.
They were halfway towards the center when a hand grabbed Steve's shoulder from behind, throwing the blonde to the ground. A guard stood over him, hand covered in the metal of Tony's gauntlet weapon, repulsor giving a soft whine as it lit up. Before any shot could be made a bullet traveled straight through the man's temple, sending the guard crumbling to the ground. Glancing up, Steve met Rhodey's eyes on the far catwalk high above the machines and gunfire. Rhodey waved his rifle and Steve dipped his head in thanks before grabbing his pistol and standing.
“I have no doubt that you are,” Toni agreed, eyes locked on her nails as they traced the seam of her leather armrest. “You thought he died. There’s still a possibility he could die before this thing is over with Obadiah.”
Tony looked up as the large blonde from the other night stepped into the kitchen, long blonde hair pulled back into a ponytail with a small, black-haired man following behind him. The blonde’s eyes fell on the dining group, focusing mostly on Tony. “Greetings, little one!”
“No, sir. We researched into him but he’s on file as a factory worker. No relation to Rogers.” Justin reported.
"Doesn’t matter, Bruce. It’s the principle." Clint mumbled, closing his eyes. “He didn’t wake for three days. I never left that damn waiting room." Clint sniffled and he was rubbing furiously at his eyes. Bruce had never seen Clint cry, but he knew family was a hard subject for him. “Doctors said he’d be fine, but he had suffered heavy blows to his chest. His heart was under stress but they said that it was mild and nothing a few pills couldn’t help. I remember walking into the room and there the stubborn ass was, broken arm and covered in cuts and bruises, and he just looks up at me and says ‘are mom and dad mad at me?’." Clint laughs, rubbing his face. “I promised then and there to watch that kid like a hawk. To protect him. Because he’s the only brother I got."
