They made it through the weekend without strangling each other or doing irreparable harm to the structural elements of the building (although John's stove kettle had to be replaced with an electric one and there would need to be a minor replastering job) mainly because Sherlock took a case that kept him out of the flat for a day and a half. John suspected the case hadn't been all that interesting and Sherlock had taken it because his lizard brain had warned him he was in imminent danger of death if he didn't stop stringing yarn cat's cradles three inches off the floor when John's ability to hop over tripwires was severely impaired.
Murray answered with the unflappable tones of an Army nurse who'd seen it all. “John, mate, I have to say he's not looking good. The MI was bad enough, but they think a rib nicked his lung when he fell, too.”
he wonders again. They managed somehow, and if they did it, he could too, maybe, if he just knew how. It's so much easier with dogs.
But there were no data from which to form hypotheses, and no mind, however brilliant, could deduce from thin air.
"Gave me a bit of a funny turn too, I don't mind saying. You've think you've seen it all and then some poor sod has his family jewels taken off with a belt sander."
"Two twenty-one Baker Street," he told the cabbie, and the woman said, "Can't go straight there, mate. Accidents everywhere on this ice, blocking the roads. I'll have to take you by side streets."
John strode forward to snatch up the jacket, then cursed imaginatively and dropped it when it scorched his bare skin. He stuck his burnt fingers in his mouth before realising he had no idea what might have been on the fabric and probably shouldn't be ingesting it.
"Give me your phone," he ordered. The poof dug into his pocket and came up with an expensive black one, which Harris threw into the shrubbery because he wasn't stupid. "Get in," he said, gesturing with the gun to the driver's seat. "I'll tell you where to go."
“Oh, for God's sake. Would you stop thinking with your dick for one minute?” John stopped and visibly replayed his last sentence. “I can't believe—” His gaze sharpened. “Nice try. Back to the bit about the marriage. I told you it was too soon and I told you why.”
They spent a long time kissing softly, the sounds mingling with the sleet and that strange, otherworldly light. They hadn't spent much time kissing each other before except as foreplay and it was deeply arousing and comforting at once to take his time, to hear the small sounds that pleased him so much, to be aware of his half-hard cock and enjoy the desire without urgency. Sherlock cupped his head and breathed a tiny whimper into his mouth; John's hunger rose sharply and his fingers tightened in dark curls momentarily before he forced them open.
With a sound of disgust, Sherlock extinguished the torch and flipped up the helmet visor. "Not hot enough. It'll have to be the antimony next."
"That," said John, easing himself off and collapsing next to Sherlock, "wasn't something I thought I'd ever do a month ago. Jesus, everything with you is just amazing
“Turn left there,” John said, eyes flicking between Mycroft's mobile and the street.  The dot that was John's phone had stopped moving not far ahead, so there was a good chance they'd catch—
John stumped through the park, hard and fast, driving his cane into the pavement with every step, perversely satisfied with the shots of pain each jolt sent through his shoulder.
“I didn’t know that was going on. While they were gone, I was...they’d had him zip-tied to the chair, and he’d torn up his wrists when he’d panicked. I needed to treat him—Christ, his face. When the big, bad omega strapped his arms down and pulled out a syringe, you know what he thought.
"She told me that the caterpillar spins a cocoon, and then...turns to soup, as she put it. Dissolves. That before it becomes a butterfly, it has to become a cocoon full of goo."
Sherlock's fingers slid further back and pressed, and John slapped his hand over his mouth and bit the fleshy mound to muffle his sharp groan.
got Mycroft out the door in a towering snit and was feeling positively triumphant until the arrogant prat paused on the threshold.
In any normal household—one without a fucktard genius living in it—the fireplace would have been the logical place to start, but John knew the best odds were on the kitchen. Yes, Sherlock was there in a welding mask. John threw out his hands to grab the doorframe and stop his mad rush before he got closer to the torch without knowing the situation.
“Right,” said Lestrade a few minutes later, shutting the door firmly behind him. “Just to be clear about this, your brother scares the shit out of me. First I hear there's an emergency helicopter called to his address—”
"—so of course it couldn't be the nephew because he's a Jain, but then who would have put the finches in—"
John shook his head. “No sign of one,” he said absently, checking and rechecking the monitors, the drug dosages, the blood values. Anticoagulant, beta-blocker, nitroprusside....
John focused with an effort and jerked his chin to the camera on the corner of the building. "I think your brother's watching."
"Touch the jacket again," he snarled, "and I will let Anderson take a sledgehammer to the bloody skull. I will
think about right now) because arousal shot through him and he let his hand fall to the bed as he screamed, "Bloody
. Specifically, information you, I, and Mycroft would all possess. Not about the device, but about the maker of the device. We've all seen her. Obvious."
"Need to check on Harry," John said, and Sherlock carefully manufactured a look of inquiry. "She's been calling, ranting about something, I can't tell what because she's totally pissed yet again. Probably another girlfriend's left her because of the drinking, so of course she gets drunk to deal with it. Oh, there's a message from Mrs Hudson."
He gulped deep breaths and smelt wet wool, spilled tea, a ghost of fish curry. It was the lingering aroma of bacon that brought him fully back to England and Baker Street, and he puffed out his cheeks, blew a couple of times and gingerly sat up. "Jesus." His shoulder was going to hurt like a bastard once the adrenaline wore off. "What was that about?"
, like Harris wasn't pointing a revolver at his fucking face, and flipped his wrists out as he put up his arms. Then he stood there looking ready to die of boredom.
"Still," he ordered again, and Sherlock fisted the sheets into knots trying not to buck his hips as John adjusted them both, licked his lips, and slowly lowered himself onto Sherlock.
He began making his way to the black car a few streets away as quickly as he could without being obvious. "Bart's."
"I learned that it's considered vastly amusing that the lower classes expect fidelity from their partners," John said tightly.
“I don't know.  In the past we’ve talked about why it would be in these kinds of circumstances but I have no idea if he was listening to me.”
"I wondered if I might ask a favour." At Mycroft's inquiring look, he continued, "I wondered if you could recommend a shop where I could get a good suit. Something in my price range." He was gratified to note the man was not naif enough to think he did not know what his price range was to the penny.
Sherlock huffed but agreed with an exaggerated eyeroll. It was probably best to concede the small points to put John in a more compliant mood.
He needed to see Fitzhugh's glass.  There was no help for it now; he was going to have to turn around and face him, and Fitzhugh was going to see that he was...diaphoretic and...dyspneu—no, dyspnoeic.  That was the word.  “But this is really about the drone systems.  You aren’t going to stop with control of the foreign—” Nausea made him clench his jaw and swallow hard. “The foreign—”  He doubled over, right hand clawing involuntarily at his chest. The pressure was
"No, no, no, no, no," John was saying to Mycroft as Sherlock opened the door. That was excellent. John had finally remembered the coda.
John remembered their first time, very like this. How much of what he'd thought was Sherlock's impatience with foreplay had actually been inexperience? Nearly all, he decided, shucking his clothing and lying to press skin to skin, given how devoted he'd been to exploration and greedy for touch ever afterwards.
“Whereas those things would not have happened had we continued engaging in hostilities, of course. Your favoured approach has never worked, Fitzhugh. It has never resolved anything. Isn't it time we try a different approach if we are to hope for a different outcome?”
He briefly imagined Mycroft's face if he were to show up at his office with curry and beer. It didn't bear thinking about.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, strode to the door, flung it open, announced "Breakfast here" loudly to the hallway, and slammed it shut. "There. Now, as I was saying,
The poofter was bitching at him again. Harris wondered how Watson could stand it. Probably stuck his dick down that throat just to shut him the fuck up, he decided. Too bad there was only one room in the cabin.
John had gone away. He had agreed to the arrangement and then he had let Mycroft send him away, away from the flat and from Sherlock, who liked being able to find him at the flat, making it smell like
John in Bruges. Greg in Sherlock's black books, and vice versa. Mrs Hudson unable to rein in his high-strung brother at the best of times. And Mycroft
"Get another car," he said absently, switching on Mycroft's phone, not even realising he was giving orders to a man who theoretically ranked him. He thumbed through it and found two whole screens full of icons labelled
visibly armed and armoured. He and Sherlock were scrutinised by an unfamiliar major who spoke briefly into her headset and then waved them through to the elevators together with a new escort.
, was made to suffer much over this chapter.  Everyone please bring her cool cloths and alcoholic beverages to mitigate the pain.  As always, all blunders and mistakes in judgement are my own; she did try to warn me, but did I listen?
Sherlock came from time to time on the pretext of updating him regarding Fitzhugh's clandestine trial. John came to visit out of a sense of guilt and obligation. Sherlock held himself stiffly, anxious eyes tracking John when he thought no-one could see, and John tried so hard to forgive that it left Mycroft frightened at his inability to do so.
"Mycroft wants his toy right away, it seems." Sherlock petulantly kicked a chunk of rubble to send it skittering down the street. The bodyguard, John was relieved to notice, did not overreact to the projectile or Sherlock's sudden and violent movement, but his weight shifted. Sherlock scanned the walls surrounding them. "Would serve him right if I—"
Instantly John's hand was brushing sweat-matted curls off his forehead, slipping down to stroke his cheek. "Look at me. Come on, look at me," he whispered, and Sherlock could deny this man nothing, no matter the cost. John smiled approvingly as Sherlock met his eyes, rewarded him with a deep kiss and the slow press of a slick finger into his body, and swallowed the sudden cry of hunger with his warm mouth.
Mycroft held up a hand. "Hear me out, please. You can't practice within any conventional institution of medicine and still be available to accompany Sherlock on his very unconventional escapades. The position I have in mind offers a flexibility of schedule you'll not be able to find elsewhere, and it will challenge you as locum work in a clinic couldn't possibly do."
Mycroft waved him towards a chair by the tray. "Eat, please. It can compensate somewhat for lack of sleep. We need to talk and we haven't much time."
"It's all right. Shh, shh. It's supposed to feel like this. Keep your eyes on me. Keep looking at me." Soothing hands ran over his ribs and back to his shaft as John kept his slow rhythm, kept claiming the body beneath him with long stokes, kept refusing to let Sherlock look away.
So Molly had cried for a while, then had washed her face, emptied the used tissues into the bin, and done the right thing—the polite, civil, courteous thing. She'd petted her cat for a while and had taken deep breaths and then she'd picked up her phone and ordered
“Bloody hell,” Greg whispered, because the penny had finally dropped. “You mean Holmes. The junkie.” He tightened his fingers on the edge of the desk so as not to grab the smug git by the lapels.
John drew it out as long as he could, until the pleasure was so sharp he was nearly blind and he needed to come so badly his balls ached and Sherlock was thrashing beneath him. Then he made himself stop. He pressed Sherlock's hips still and curled over him, straining for breath, gasping, “Wait, wait, not yet, I want more. God, make it last. I want you, I want you so much, I want it all.”
It was remarkable, John thought, just how quickly everything important in your life could go to shit.
It wasn't long before Sherlock came out. Without preamble he jammed his hand in John's trouser pocket and pulled out Mycroft's phone, immediately tapping at the screen. “Is yours on?” he said absently.
Late that night, after the strategical discussions were over for the day and after Sherlock had brought him to a throat-shattering, messy orgasm over the side of the bed (whatever the hell had gotten into him, John hoped it stuck around for a while), John dreamt of chasing a traitor through a dark and crowded Underground, his Browning in one hand and a chrysalis in the other, trying to run fast enough to protect Sherlock without jostling the fragile life inside the cocoon and failing at both.
but it wasn't my place to say anything if you didn't tell me..." Her voice trailed off and her eyes were suspiciously bright. "You could have trusted me not to say anything, you know. I wouldn't have gossiped it about if you'd said—"
He'd thought nothing of it. He'd had no reason to think anything of it. He'd certainly had no reason to connect it to the prisoner. Not until Grant brought back the shirt, rank with the stench of terrified alpha, undertones of piss beneath apocrine and adrenaline that made bile rush up his oesophagus with its
Oh. Apparently Not Good. Upon finding oneself in an untenable position, go on the offensive. "I'm surprised by you, John. I never took you for a hypocrite."
“This is boring. It’s nothing but an assassination. You already know the motive is to cover up the incident; it’s only a matter of which level it’s happening on.”
Somehow he’s become the handler DI Lestrade prefers to work with, which means that eventually he and Ava work on a case with Holmes again.
“Fine. If sex isn't going to facilitate renewed emotional and chemical bonding, it's not worth the bother of orgasm.”
It was sleep deprivation, that's all. He'd spent the last two nights in his chair in front of the telly—not his bed,
The cabbie stuck her head back inside. "Just the frame," she told him. "We're fine. I'm going to try to shift—"
"Sherlock, for God's sake stop sniffing him. You know perfectly well where he's been; you spent the afternoon frightening off everyone he spoke with and I do not wish to be subjected to your—"
John had finally managed to get Sherlock to sit still long enough to clean and bandage his wounds and splint his thumb (“Fine, then, it's no matter to me if I'm never woken up by the bloody violin ever again. You do know there's ligament damage in every dislocation, don't you?”) when a lieutenant rapped smartly on the door and poked his head in. He shot John a filthy glare and said, “Mr Holmes, there's a DI Lestrade—”
“It is no concern of mine,” Sherlock repeated, but he'd paused just a fraction, was just a bit stiff, and Mycroft smirked.
So for twenty minutes (more or less) he walked (okay, stomped) away from the man he'd told repeatedly he wasn't leaving, because he was furious and feeling manipulated and the alternatives were doing something terrible to Mrs Hudson's walls or saying something to Sherlock he would later regret. He took the route to the footbridge he liked because the boards made satisfying thumps when he clomped over them.
John regarded him steadily for a moment. “Okay, then.” He levered himself to his feet and stumped over to his coat. “Your brother said he’d help me. I’ll just—”
“Kid gave them the information they wanted to hear. Yes, the insurgents were hiding in his village, just like Tiger—the Colonel—thought. Yes, there were a lot of them, at least fifty. Yes, he himself was being trained to be a suicide bomber—he’d have said
He shifted to stretch his shoulder and Sherlock's arm tightened around him until he lay still again with an aristocratic nose pressed behind his ear.
He had the Dower House closed up again once it seemed John Watson would not be moving from 221B after all. He could only hope John was attempting a reconciliation rather than just waiting to leave until Mycroft was recovered enough to deal with his brilliant, self-destructive little brother in the throes of heartbreak and despair.
John pointed to the mantle with his entirely unnecessary cane. “That's a real skull.” He swung the cane to point at the wall. “Is it jealous of the one with headphones and the better view?”
John deliberately broke eye contact and turned aside to put down the chart. He took a deep breath and said quietly, “I don't know. This isn't my area, Sherlock, but I think he ought to be better than he is. His colour, his breathing—they ought to be better. He ought to be lucid. The MI wasn't trivial, but he shouldn't still be this unwell, and I'm worried there are internal injuries no-one's thought to check for.”
“So, since you disappeared during most of the explanation, let me quickly go over the details of the case with you:
“Nothing,” John mutters, keeping his little joke for himself. “So, can you explain the details of this case?” he asks Sherlock, while he takes in the crime scene. The police tape sections off a small area in front of a house, a small, two-storey home. Judging by the small bicycles in the front yard, there are children in the house.
“About John. Are you sure he can be trusted around here? I mean, you’ve only known him for a few days-”
“Well, yes. We’ve got forensics on it to find out how the rabbit was poisoned, and to look for possible clues about the perpetrator-”
The grass under the bicycles isn’t worn either, which would be the case if they had been standing there for a longer period of time; however, the bikes themselves do look worn and used.
“What are you saying, John?” Sherlock carefully asked. Although, of course, he knew exactly what. It hadn’t been hard to figure out. But he needed John to say it. Because he knew that if he was wrong, which he rarely was, his heart could easily shatter in a million pieces.
“Yes, I know, John. That’s what you keep telling me.” Sherlock walked up the stairs to 221B Baker Street. John stood there, ready to catch Sherlock if he were to fall.
“Yeah, asphyxiation, probably. There are swollen bruises on the side of its body as well, which probably means that the perpetrator held down the rabbit as he injected the poison.”
And, thank you too! Yes, you! Thank you for reading this. This story really means a lot to me and it means a lot that you're here to read it :)
“John... I'm so sorry. About everything. I know it's all my fault... if I hadn't been there, you would still have a future, with Mary-"
The doorbell rings. Sherlock’s heart beats rapidly in his chest. He moves downstairs, straightening his jacket every second. He practices his speech in his head:
“Don’t leave me, not again,” tears rolled over his cheeks now, as the strength to control them had left him.
Where we left off last chapter: Sherlock was called by the veterinarian's offce, telling him to come over immediately.
“How do you…? Oh, whatever. So, the woman wasn’t at the crime scene. We tried calling her, but to no effect. We assume she has brought the children -er, grandchildren- to safety.”
A rabbit, supposedly called Bluebell, has got poisoned. A woman called us to inform us of the situation. Her kids found her-”
Sherlock and John are on their first case together. A rabbit has been murdered; injected with poison in the home of a grandmother.
Of course they were. Nothing could excite Sherlock as much as a case. But to be fair, John didn’t mind it either.
“And you didn’t think to mention that we were heading into a trap, in which we were most likely to be killed??”
Please leave a comment if you enjoyed! Or if you did not like it. Or if you merely want to point out a spelling mistake.
“It wasn't your fault. I told you that before, you were just being... Well you were just being you!”
“But the question is: why now? Why not wait until things might get more serious with John? You’re trying to impress someone, but it can't wait until later. Look at your clothes: you are obviously meeting someone right after this. You have tried on two… no, three different kinds of suits, before deciding on this one. Your knees are locked, while you usually keep them loose. You’re also tightly gripping the handle of your umbrella; these are all signs of nervous agitation. So who are you meeting? And what is their connection with me, which would make the cigarettes this important? I believe-”
“Alright, that’s enough!” Mycroft snarls. “You’re right. I am meeting someone later. But it’s none of your business who it is!”
Fun fact: I actually once witnessed my own cat give birth, so all the reactions Sherlock had are based off my own. I was very stressed out, lol.
The rest of the day was a blur. John stared in front of him, the visions of a bloody Sherlock flashing in front of him. He still saw the face of the gunman clearly.
Thank you for reading! Seeing as I may have more time to spare these coming weeks, I will try to update weekly again! But you know how I am... Lol.
“So, when are you going to tell me where we’re going?” John asks. The two of them had been  silent for the entire cab ride, too nervous to speak. The cool evening air made John alert, though, and suddenly curious about where they are heading.
Soon, he introduced me to his friends. His friends brought out a different side of him. He started to be more aggressive, like them, and… I wanted to end it; I swear. But, I just couldn’t- There was something…”
They had now stopped giggling, and were looking each other in the eyes, a faint smile on their lips.
Leaning against the wall, giggling like two schoolgirls. Just like they had done when they had first met.
Lestrade smiles at this. “Glad to see the old you back.” Without warning, he pulls Sherlock into a hug. Sherlock awkwardly accepts it. “Thank you,” he whispers.
“Hmm, I’ll have to disagree with you on that,” John says carefully. “I would rather know where we’re going, just in case you decide to kidnap me.”
John walked into the living room, scrubbing his scalp with a towel; only to see that Sherlock hadn’t moved.
Multiple police officers are gathered around a white fluffy thing. Not just a thing: the poisoned rabbit. (Though, in fairness, rabbits turn into mere things when they die).
“We understand. Just tell us where to find Daniel and his friends, and we’ll get your little sister back,” Sherlock reassured her.
John wanted to ask what was going on, but Sherlock held out a hand, indicating for him to be silent.
Hello, John. I’m so glad you could make it out tonight. If you’ll follow me, we can get a cab to the first location.
p.s. I made a painting for this story to celebrate the end! You can check it out on my twitter @sprinkledoodler .
John turns around to see a man standing behind him. The man looks at him with amused brown eyes. His silver hair is cut short, making him look older than he probably is. John guesses the man is about 5 years his senior.
“I noticed it from the moment we first met. Picking up more and more hints along the way. You were in the army; therefore, you knew it would never be accepted for you to be gay. Your family didn't help you either; you saw how it turned out for your sister. This was part of the reason you and Harry do not get along, not just the drinking. I noticed this the first time I deducted your harmful relationship with her, but did not mention it in the fear that you might not take it well. But she pressured you, didn't she? She noticed your behaviour and saw herself in you. She wanted an ally; someone she could talk with about her problems. But instead, you ignored her, getting into fights because you could not help denying the absolute fact; that you like men. But I realised shortly that you obviously like women as well, I noticed you flirting with many females; girlfriends, clients, even caught you attempting to flirt with Anthea before; I would give up on that, by the way; the only person she will ever be interested in is her boyfriend she keeps texting from her blackberry. Anyhow, you like the female gender. However, it was obvious that you took interest in me as well, judging by how you lead the conversation to a topic concerning sexuality, the way you licked your lips when I told you I was single. I think it would have gone further than that, if it wasn't for you denying that you are in any way gay. That, and I was confused by your sudden interest in me, which made me reject you. Sorry about that, by the way. So, we have established that you like women, men and can conclude that you are, therefore, bisexual.”
Sherlock and Will (Mrs Hudson's son) are about to enter the room where the kidnapper is hiding. John has sneaked around the back in order to free the children while Sherlock and Will distract the kidnapper.
They had to drag John away from Sherlock. They put both of them in the ambulance, rushing them to the hospital.
“Like I’m what?” he yells. “Like I’m myself? Oh, please Mycroft - we both know you don’t care what my date thinks of me. You’ve been waiting for a moment like this for ages. A chance to take it away from me. This isn’t about my appearances. It’s about yours!”
Once the men had seen it, she quickly put the bag back, looking around to make sure no one else had noticed.
“I think I want to spend my life with you,” John said, using only his expression. Sherlock pressed his forehead against John's, and whispered the answer to the look he saw his soulmate give.
“No, I don’t… Why? Did you deduct something about me?” he said, spreading his arms, and giving him a little twirl.
“But there’s a telephone ringing, Sherlock! It’s been driving me crazy. I don’t know how you couldn’t hear it, it’s right upstairs,”
, all right? Why can’t you let us be happy? It’s really important to your brother. And to me. Listen, I’m sorry, okay? I shouldn’t have done that behind your back; that was a crappy thing to do. But I’m really thankful you brought us together. We’re
“Yes. We traced the phone, and it gave the address of 182 Haverstock Hill. Also, it seems like it wasn’t a disposable phone. It’s still moving on the map. Mistake from the kidnapper, I’d say,”
“Well… yes. If you want to, of course.” Sherlock notices the look on John’s face. “Oh, I should have mentioned: I sometimes solve crimes for the police when they’re out of their depth... which is always.”
Next week (probably in two weeks, knowing myself), we'll finally find out who the mysterious girl is. ;) (Let's see if you can guess it already...)
“Yours, John. I hadn’t yet seen that she was pregnant, but you noticed it right away. Excellent job.” Sherlock smiled at him. A genuine smile.
Sherlock watches as John sniffs near the animal’s head, picking up the scent of the poison. He follows John’s hands with his eyes as he puts on gloves and moves them across the corpse. The tip of John’s tongue sticks out of his mouth as he examines the rabbit for any possible bulges. Sherlock subconsciously licks his lips.
If you have something you want to see, (a tiny detail, like a sentence or an object), let me know and I might add it to the next chapter! ;)
John listened intently, prodding an ‘amazing’ or ‘fantastic!’ after pretty much every revelation. Sherlock had found out that the woman lived in a small, dirty apartment near Canonbury. The woman, whose name is Olivia, has been sexually and physically abused by both Daniel and his ‘friends’. This could obviously be seen by the way she slightly flinched whenever she moved her arm, indicating fresh bruising.
Where we left off last time: Sherlock and John solved the case and ran back to 221B Baker Street (with lots of giggles). Right when they almost kissed, Lestrade interrupted them...
“Perfect!” Sherlock says, before Lestrade can finish his sentence. “Text me the details. I’ll be there.”
Suddenly, the woman’s phone started to ring. She quickly checked her mobile, turned it off and got up from the bench.
“The kidnapper is located somewhere around Haverstock Hill, and I texted Lestrade to trace the number that called me. Though I doubt it will be of any use; he surely used a disposable phone. We have to get to the girl as soon as possible, she is most likely in pain,” Sherlock quickly explained the details while they got into a cab.
He stares at the screen, waiting for John to start typing. His feet bounce up and down as insecurities flash through his brain. Was that stupid? Should I have been distant instead? People hate it when I try to be funny. I should just delete them before he sees-
There were quite a few questions he should have thought to ask, he realised.  If he hadn’t been so pissed off, he might well have done.  If he hadn’t needed to prove his bloody point.  If he weren't such a
When he could bring himself to stumble downstairs to make tea and search for ibuprofen, he found Sherlock, exhausted and disheveled, in his chair pulled up to the fireplace. He stood wordlessly, followed John into the kitchen, watched as he filled the kettle and set it to boil. And when John turned at last to meet his eyes, he shoved up his sleeves and spread his arms for inspection and said, “I didn't. It was hard for me, John. As hard as staying is for you.”
Not until they were in the car, breathless and dripping from their mad scramble across the field, did John pant, “What's happened?”
“Oh, absolutely. I'll just pop inside so you can run off to the car, shall I?” John stepped in close and stated flatly, “I'm not as clever as you, I know that. I’m not going to argue with you. I'll just break your bloody metatarsals so you can't outrun me.”
When John came to himself again, he was grinding Sherlock's cheek into the concrete and spewing vile obscenities. Sherlock's trousers were tangled about his knees, and John had his free hand around his cock and was shoving himself brutally into the arse under him. He grinned sadistically at Sherlock's sharp yelp and pulled the hair in his fist tighter.
He came first, which was only to be expected since he didn't have a hand free to bring Sherlock off, but he hadn't done that since he was a teenager and was so embarrassed he nearly hid his face in Sherlock's neck. He didn't, though, not and risk missing watching Sherlock's face. Luckily Sherlock was right behind him and a few twisting strokes of John's hand was all it took. Sherlock held his head to his shoulder through the aftershocks, murmuring, "John, my John," and when he made to pull out, Sherlock's other hand clutched against his lower back and he said, "No, not yet."
John dropped his face into his hands, the lines of his body speaking eloquently of despair, of mourning, of
.  Sherlock's plan, whatever it was, assumed that John was with Mycroft now and that Mycroft had his own mobile back.
"Until recently, Sherlock's abilities have attracted only passing interest among certain of my peers. His little cases had been local in impact and no official notice had to be taken of an eccentric younger brother with a drug problem who dabbled in solving crimes as a hobby. His involvement with Jim Moriarty changed that. His lifestyle and talents have come under close scrutiny and there is going to be increasing pressure to bring him into the fold and under someone's control."
"If the house had been breached, there would be unmistakable signals." John motioned him to silence. Out in the darkness there were soft footsteps on the gravel pathway. One person.
“If there's any chance this can work,” he said, heart pounding in his throat, “and I don't know if it can but if there's any chance at all, then I can't stay just because—if the only reason I don’t go is because I’m afraid that if I do, you—Sherlock. If you harm yourself, if you do
John's shoulders slumped forward and he exhaled a long, shuddering breath. He scrubbed his hands over his face, then slowly straightened, and when he spoke again it wasn't John there at all but some walled-off stranger who wore John's skin and spoke with John's voice but wasn't John. "Tell Mycroft. I finally figured out—I realised—Malcolm Harris at the luncheon recognised the sound of my dogtags and looked at my shoe first. That's where we wear them, on a boot, so that if we get blown up they're attached to the part most likely to be found. A civilian would have looked around my neck. Tell Mycroft. I think that's your spy."
"Eventually, if you insisted. I have no intention of keeping you prisoner, John, but surely it would be better to make no rash decisions?"
“I'm fine.” Sherlock's voice was unusually steady and calm and he was standing strangely, with his hands placatingly held away from his body and his torso very still. “I need to find out where Fitzhugh is so I can talk to him. That's the important thing now. All right?”
“Leave. You're a distraction.” John risked a glance sideways. Sherlock had stopped tapping and was staring fixedly at the mobile.
John was actually speechless for a moment. Private school, doctor, Army officer—he knew he wasn't as posh as Sherlock's people and he certainly wasn't rich by any stretch of the imagination but he could honestly say he'd never been referred to as anyone's bit of rough before. "Er."
Mycroft did not make a sound. He nodded. Stood. Collected his coat. Paused on the threshold. Cleared his throat twice. Said, “Agreed,” and walked away.
There was an unmistakable scent lingering in Sherlock's room when they settled John into the bed, although the sheets were freshly laundered (and Greg hated himself for noticing that, as if it mattered, as if it were any of his business).
“Yes.” Sherlock sat beside him. “But we are nothing approaching normal, John. Normal solutions aren't going to work for us.”
John made a pained noise, and Sherlock realized blue eyes were looking at his own reflection in John's window. The man turned and examined his face, then said, "Shit," and slid his foot over to rest against Sherlock's. "Stop," he said. "Whatever you're thinking, stop. I didn't say no."
“He couldn’t have been more than fourteen. Never met an omega outside of his family, sure as hell never had anything to do with the Royal Army. God only knows what stories he’d heard. Colonel got it into his head this kid knew where the insurgent base was, but the kid wouldn’t talk.” John rolled the mug around in his hands for the warmth. “If a fourteen-year-old is shooting at you, you shoot back. You just do. But beating a kid for information—it doesn’t go over well with the men.”
There was a woman. Nothing at all stood out about her. Average looks, average dress, average manner. She would drift into a group of people, there would be conversation for a bit, then the group would disperse and each member would go separately to a different cluster of people. Later the pattern would repeat. Four times, now five. The group she approached had a different combination of people each time, but it was always the same set of people moving from cluster to cluster, and the pattern always started with her.
The response was everything he'd hoped for, although he pulled a muscle in his neck avoiding a broken nose when Sherlock's hips bucked a bit too enthusiastically. He sent a silent apology and heartfelt thanks to every woman who'd ever gone down on him. Moments later he realised it wasn't all one-sided pleasure as Sherlock's hands held his head and traced circles in his hair while he made small, shallow thrusts into John's mouth and much to his surprise John's spent cock twitched.
Given John's vehemently expressed opinion on the matter, it was probably best if Sherlock didn't mention that with a bit of help from the registrar who owed him a favour, he'd forged John's signature in the marriage register eight days ago. Sherlock was always very careful with his catalysts and there were hardly ever unintentional explosions.
John had been gone for days, light and dark following light and dark, and he wasn't sure how many it was because he'd lost count after the second morning when he'd decided to start licking the nicotine patches because it was a more efficient delivery method. If John couldn't be in his blood then something needed to fill that emptiness and nicotine was the least terrible thing that might do it.
John was taking an unusually long shower. Masturbating again? No, washing his hair repeatedly. Possibly the product contained lacquer that had hardened and needed to be softened with a hydrophilic until it dissolved.
“Bit different from my day,” said an unfamiliar voice with a likewise unfamiliar footfall pattern that came in with Mike and oh, this could be interesting because just this morning he'd mentioned—
"—structure of the garden is a nod to Oudolf's early work. Mycroft must have followed Piet's career from the beginning."
He was finally out of surgery quite a long time later, gulping nasty coffee and carefully watching his left hand for fatigue tremors, when a different bodyguard brought Sherlock to him—walking under his own power, thank God, but one sleeve blood-soaked.
“Would you,” he starts, and he feels his neck flushing. “Would you like to come to supper? I've a chicken for roasting. It's just...” He swallows. In his experience, if something's going to go wrong, this is when it happens. “I need to walk my dog first.”
Mycroft had the most peculiar expression on his face. “Do you,” he said slowly, not a question, and Greg hummed agreeably.
No-one could tell him how much functionality he might recover, or when, or if. He'd clearly never be a surgeon again, but he hoped he might one day be able to zip his trousers with his left hand and walk without a sodding cane. But hope—well, hope was the most dangerous emotion. Hope made soldiers and patients fight losing battles as if they could win. Better to know from the outset if there was no hope, and plan accordingly.
“And what,” Sherlock drawled sardonically, “did you do in the name of this battlefield morality, Doctor?”
He didn't try to go for the gun under his pillow. He'd never make it, not with his leg, and the thought of being shot in the back was more than he could bear.
"Oh my God." John sat heavily on the bed, and Sherlock stepped close beside him, alarmed. "Oh my God. It's Molly. She...um, I didn't even know they did that kind of thing anymore." Blue eyes looked at him out of a stunned face. "She gifted us six months of daily milk delivery. Oh my God. Oh my God. I think I love her."
“What is it you hope to accomplish by killing me? You can't possibly avoid capture. You'll be in custody before morning.”
Sherlock crouched beside him and peeled back his clothing to expose the Svalinn-made undershirt beneath, prodding the area where the bullet had struck. Mycroft hissed.
It was all going very fast—Sherlock liked to get right on with things and go straight to the point—and soon he was panting, hips straining upwards until Sherlock took pity on him and closed a hand around his shaft. Maybe not mercy at all, John corrected himself, letting out a strangled cry as that mouth closed over his head and the hand began stroking. Maybe it was just a new way of inducing a heart attack.
Oh, this was just...delicious. He allowed himself an expression of pure, unholy glee and saw the former soldier instinctively recoil.
"Off." Sherlock pulled at the cloth roughly and John was naked on the floor of the front room except for the socks he hastily shoved off with his toes. Sherlock swept up his new shirt, trousers, and the jacket hanging over the back of the chair, opened the window sash and flung the clothes into the bins below.
He leaned his head back to stare at the ceiling and willed his morning erection away before Sherlock woke. An expedition into the cushions for the source of his lower back discomfort turned up the fork from last night's dinner. Further exploration located the plate under Sherlock's shoulder. The food appeared to have been eaten. That was good, because cleaning fish curry out of the sofa was not an experience John cared to have more than three times. Also, it explained why his stomach was growling.
The paramedic gave him a once-over. "Don't think so, mate. You look like a damaged knee and a head injury to me."
"Fuck," said the cabbie. She lay curled protectively around her arm on the pavement where she'd been thrown when the cab rocked upon impact. John fumbled for the door latch, slid as soon as he stepped out of the cab, and ended up on his knees beside her. "Jesus Christ," he groaned, and they grinned at each other through gritted teeth and laughed.
God damn it, just because he had a concussion didn't mean he had sodding amnesia and he sure as hell didn't need to be coddled.
Greg set the bag and coffee firmly on his desk. “Let me save us some time. You don't need money and I haven't got any anyway. I won't compromise an investigation and I won't lose evidence for you. Whatever you think you can blackmail me for—”
Mycroft's hand clenched above his sternum but hovered without touching. He wasn't going to make that mistake again.  Breathing was...remarkably painful and surprisingly difficult.  Aside from the physical inconveniences, however, John's impromptu alterations to his original plan were working out quite well.
“Ooh! You should talk with them—Mrs Turner's boys, I mean. She says they've been together for ages. I'm sure they'd have some good advice for the two of you.” She frowned momentarily, looking at the gag. “Although I’m not sure you should take
It took two days. By the time Sherlock threw Lestrade's paperwork at his head and announced he was going home, thank you very much, John was ready to drag him into an interrogation room and bugger him until they both lost the capacity for speech, witnesses be damned.
John didn't even have to think very hard to spot the loophole there. He remained standing and only looked longingly at the food once.
"Yes," John answered. Then he took a chance and said, "I have the phone. Einstein here was going to try to drag
Mycroft shattered a brandy snifter in the fireplace and shook with ridiculous, irrational, impotent rage.
He couldn't. He was pretty sure that was part of the problem, and a symptom of a much greater one.  He screwed his eyes shut and pressed the heel of his hand to his forehead.
"Very well, if you can't believe I want what's best for him, at least believe I don't want to see him pushed to the breaking point of frustration and desperation. My brother is extraordinary and capable of great things if allowed his safety valves. Without those, he is an atomic bomb."
“Jesus Christ, don’t look at me like that. I wouldn’t fuck a kid even if he’d been willing, much less—
A little while later, when the lights were off and Greg was drifting in a pleasant fog of relaxation, Mycroft said, “Another time, one without asparagus, I would—if you like, I would be willing. It was only that particular taste.”
He was shit at this. Sherlock constantly sifted through so many possibilities. How did he manage to sort through the static to find the significant?
“You shouldn’t be here,” he objected, pacing and wheeling agitatedly. Tobin's eyes widened and he instinctively shifted to stay away from the muzzle of the alarmingly mobile gun. “You're supposed to be with Mycroft! Why aren't you with Mycroft?”
was bitten off before it passed his lips. Sherlock smirked anyway. Mycroft deliberately turned his attention to John. "What have you found out?"
“Yeah, well,” John ground his heel between the C4 and C5 vertebrae, to Harris's pained hiss, “if you have—if you've hurt him—” His foot pressed down harder and Harris gasped but didn't dare struggle. Soldiers' dark humour, the ditty everyone knew about injuries:
“Insecta isn't the only class to undergo metamorphosis. Amphibia does as well, and is...less fragile. The amount of disruption to the process it can withstand and still produce viable...end results is significantly greater.”
"I didn't." Jesus, but Donovan was like a bloody terrier with a chew toy. Greg just wanted to enjoy his coffee in peace, not go over her new favourite topic yet again. He wished he'd never left that damned paper on his desk yesterday, although if it hadn't been his copy it would have been someone else's. There was never any chance the Yard wasn't going to hear about
Nope. None of that anymore. Just long, long days all alone in his flat, with nothing to fill the hours.
The bottom dropped out of his stomach. He'd managed to keep any mention of the damned announcement from John so far and with just a little more time he'd be able to—
In the explosion of controversy that follows for weeks, Robbie can't help but notice that in all the footage, Holmes keeps looking sidelong to Watson for approval and Watson stands like a man who's been mortally wounded but refuses to show it.
John recovered his composure quickly, but the fact that he needed to do so at all was...troubling. He poured tea and set the mugs on the table amidst the beakers, then sat, cupping the ceramic, staring sightlessly into the steam. Sherlock pushed a pair of retorts containing the remnants of his digestive-enzyme dilution experiment in a 115-degree arc around himself millimetre by millimetre and tried to avoid triggering him again, wishing he would just get on with it because waiting was tedious and unsettling.
He bowed off the bed with John's name ripped out of him, dazed and frightened at the blankness of his mind, and John's arms came around and held him tightly as the pleasure wracked his body. He heard John's low laugh of approval, smug and contented, as he followed him back down to the mattress and lay atop him, running soothing hands over his ribs and pressing kisses to his neck.
Long hours later, Donovan not only drove him back to his own flat through Friday-night traffic but also said not a word about Sherlock, which frankly qualified her for sainthood. She shouldn't have been driving with one eye still swollen shut, but he could hardly bring that up when he wasn't supposed to be on duty at all.
John realised something was wrong scant seconds later when he saw the car weaving off the drive onto the manicured lawn on either side, never slowing as it approached the gate. As it jerked back onto the asphalt at full speed and was backlit by the floodlights in front of the house, he recognized, with a horrible sense of unreality and dread but not a bit of surprise, the familiar silhouette on the driver's side.
On his second trip over the bridge, he stopped and leaned against the handrail, looking down at the water and blowing out his breath. The rain had turned to sleet, so he'd have to start back soon. Time to stop being a dick and think it all through.
“Home,” he told the driver, and seconds later he told himself not to be a fool and amended, “No, the Heart Centre,” as he carefully held his phone in both hands and thumbed Eliza's icon.
At night, when he couldn't sleep, couldn't focus enough to read, couldn't get up to pace around the empty house, he found himself twisting pinches of the sheets between his fingers and silently begging John:
“You've never lived over there with those people, Holmes. You don't understand how they think. They don't respect us now, because of what you did. They fought us and we
When he finally got back to his empty home at an ungodly hour, he hung up the leather jacket with no small amount of satisfaction and went to bed without showering, rubbing the faint scent of expensive cologne into his own sheets.
After a long while, John said, "If I tried to get a divorce, would any solicitor accept me as a client?"
Author's Note: While things won't really get going until the next chapter, the story starts earning its E rating here. If M/M sexytimes are not your cup of tea, I don't know what on earth you do with your spare time but you should go do it now.
When it becomes clear Casey's time is drawing near, Robbie arranges for two weeks off: the first to take Casey to all his favourite places and do all his favourite things and be with him all day, every day, because there's nothing that makes a dog happier than that; the second to recover from what he knows will tear his heart into pieces.
little brother lost John Watson and if they were all very lucky, he only spiralled into ever-increasing doses of cocaine until one day he found the dose that burned out his heart.
Sherlock was watching his face closely. "You said yes," he stated, not quite questioning but not quite certain, either.
The smell was much stronger on his jacket than it could possibly have been in his hair days ago, and his jacket had been much closer to Sherlock that night than John had been, up in his room. So why had Sherlock been—?
“You started it.” He was treated to the sight of a bright flush moving across Sherlock's naked skin.
"Never," he said without a blink, and John started to think his life expectancy might just have gotten a bit longer.
The vial went into his pocket, and Mycroft went down the stairs, ignoring Sherlock's increasingly frantic protests as he followed: “It's
and told me I should have taken money from him to spy on you so we could have split it. Now I'm taking money from him—and it's a lot of money, Sherlock, enough that I could buy a—a bloody good motorbike or something for just one surgery—and you're throwing a colossal strop over it? Would you make up your mind?”
Mycroft closed his eyes and sighed, mask slipping momentarily. He looked weary and injured and whilst John knew any expression of vulnerability from the elder Holmes was calculated, he was just as sure this one wasn't manufactured. "Please, John. There are things you must know."
He wrapped an arm around her small shoulders and leaned into her conspiratorially. "Mrs Hudson, we'd have loved to have you there but we had to do it in such a rush. Mycroft disapproves, you know, and he might have made things...difficult."
Author's note: M/M sexytimes herein. At this point saying that isn't so much a forewarning as a teaser, is it?
"Well, you know those poncy snobs. Good enough to be his brother's flatmate, but a brother-in-law is a different kettle of fish."
Then in one of those typically Sherlockian about-faces, he'd pressed John up against the doorframe of the kitchen in Baker Street and slipped his hand down his trousers until John had begged him not to make him come with Mrs Hudson hanging around the foot of the staircase lest he never be able to look his landlady in the eye again. As it was he'd had to position his suitcase to conceal his raging hard-on and the bottle of lube in his trouser pocket as they left.
He sucked in a breath to—what? Protest? Beg? He honestly wasn't sure. Then Sherlock rolled his erection into John's groin, ran his palm up across a nipple, and groaned into John's mouth, and the last coherent thought John could remember at all was,
He ran through the possibilities swiftly. "If I hadn't eaten the curry, it would have gone off anyway and you still wouldn't have had any," he said defensively. "You were asleep and not eating it and I didn't want to get up. It was a bit dodgy as it was."
"We met each other's needs. You've done as much with people you hardly knew and you didn't find that distasteful. Why should this be?"
He ought to send a text. Sherlock was likely still in the middle of his experiment and hadn't even noticed John had gone, but he ought to text anyway. He'd left the shopping on the kitchen floor.
“Waterhouse has the drive with the evidence. Tobin was a witness. It was the best I could arrange under the circumstances.” Sherlock leaned close and said softly, “What happened?”
He'd been warm and relaxed, his mind a perfect blank, dove-gray haze behind his closed eyelids. Big hands had rolled his head gently from side to side, rocking his body in the nicely supportive chair. Then fingers had run through his hair, and he'd taken his first peaceful breath in
What do you think I am?” He closed his eyes, then opened them to stare at his mug. “It gets worse. You know why we don’t rely on information obtained through torture? You can’t verify it. People being tortured become very, very good at picking up on what you want to hear, because if they say what you want to hear then you’ll stop hurting them. So you’ve got someone who will confirm your own biases whether they’re accurate or not just to make you stop.”
John never knew if it was by luck or design that Mycroft came by a few hours later whilst Sherlock was still in high dudgeon. Mrs Hudson had knocked on his bedroom door to inform him he had a visitor and added
The device? Possibly, but what would be worth the trouble an abduction would cause? We're not technological experts; no one who's ever seen you type would believe you know anything whatsoever about technology. "
Mycroft turned and busied himself with the whiskey. "The couch is well padded," he offered casually. When he handed the glass to John the man's face was scarlet, and Mycroft felt a sense of wonder that such an innocent could be part of his world even so tangentially.
Mycroft was an omega. Omegas were the best to be. They ran everything and they could go anywhere they wanted and whilst Sherlock did not understand the appeal of copulation and bonding, if one
Then the lab-coated woman in the corner of the room made a sympathetic little noise, and John promised himself he could punch the shit out of something back at his bedsit.
Now he was at Mycroft's event, and the building was filled with beautifully dressed people of which he was, for once, one. And he had very nice hair which
Excellent, thought John. Now just keep him distracted long enough for me to drink my bloody tea and escape.
Sherlock just sat there with his I Do Not Know How Your Funny Little Brain Comes Up With These Notions expression whilst John picked out the rubbish until John sighed and said, "Don't be that stupid again," which earned him a glare and a sniff. "Have you heard what all this was about?"
"Not leaving just means neither of us leaves. Being happy with each other takes much more work, and it takes
A pause, and then a dropping away of tension. A soft hand in his hair tilted his forehead into a kiss; a hummingbird pulse drummed in the white throat under his cheek.
John nodded acceptance before the phrase sank in. "Have we started setting watches, then? I haven't stood one."
Sherlock woke at 05.27 to find himself rutting his fist, ejaculate smeared all over the bedclothes. A soft knot at the base of his penis indicated this indignity would go on for several more minutes.
There was a long silence. Sherlock kept his eyes closed even as John fought an internal battle between handing Sherlock his own laptop and punching him in the testicles.
“How's Mycroft?” John shouldn't have had to ask. He had saved his patient's life; he should have been in Mycroft's room with the other doctors, never mind that he wasn't a cardiologist. But that was the deal struck with the major: John would stay in the reception area with Sherlock, and in return there would be no guards posted in the room with them—no guards who might be looking for payback for their injured squadmates. It was acceptable under the circumstances, but it was wrong that Sherlock couldn't be with both his brother and his—whatever John was to him now. Partner. Surely still that?
“It was attended by a Serbian surgeon on the flight back to London,” Sherlock said. “Very good, doctor.”
!" John screamed out loud and lowered his head to his hands. His own voice echoed against his ears and the shout kept on resonating inside his skull... it was almost painful.
As if he could just go around, posting these things for the whole world to read? Without even talking to Sherlock about it first? He regretted what he had written as soon as he watched Sherlock's eyes dancing around the screen.
Thank your for the kudos and the comments in the previous chapter! Let me know what you think about this chapter, too! Ideas and suggestions are pretty welcome!
. The laugh was short but loud and instantaneous. John had to place his fist over his mouth to dissimulate, but Sarah already had a very surprised expression.
His smile faded slowly until being completely erased from his face. Now: talk to John. It was the only possible solution. Knowing for sure that he was, unconsciously, searching for John's proximity he had to make a little experiment. Of course, John didn't have to know its track or results. He was certain he loved John, as a friend; felt the need to be close to him as he had experienced before, but certainly not that way. His mind must have been confusing things. He had to admit, that after all, even he could get the wrong idea sometimes.
her so many times...!" John took a gulp of air and noted that Sherlock was looking intently at him all the time, patiently, as never, waiting for him to finish all he had to say "It's just... frustrating. That's it."
“It has nothing to do with friendship,” Sherlock said drily. “Things happen, John. And sometimes things that happen are… shit.”
be the response she was going to get? Did Sherlock hate to be a father that much? Hell, he was amazing with Rosie, he was sensational! Why would he have that mediocre of a reaction?
"I can't move..." John said suddenly, a light snort from Sherlock indicated that he was probably in the same state. "You okay?"
“Splendid.” John turned as he stirred the broth again. He noticed that Sherlock had cut enough croutons for them as well. They smelled like butter and garlic. Heavenly.
"Yeah, the hot line works under departments, the exotic one has women and men, most of them only girls tho'. They are usually from different countries... they talk with an accent. It's all good as long as you have an accent."
one of those times. Still, he couldn’t help but think of his favourite fantasy when he… indulged himself.
There was a long pause. Sherlock could see white little letters floating around the man in front. He really was easy to read.
Sherlock sighed and his eyes looked at John once before returning to his phone. “Well, now we have access to the cameras of this place without the need of triggering, I can choose which cameras I want to monitor here, you see?” Sherlock turned his phone to John and it showed the backyard, the front garden, the main door. Then he swiped the screen and it showed the infrared cameras from Slaney’s Spa. John’s eyebrows went up.
He was not able to hold on anymore so soon he was supporting his arm on the tiles, water hitting his back, his forehead searching for support on his arm as he touched himself, Sherlock's name on his lips. A very deep part of his mind was telling him how ridiculous this was, how stupid this whole situation was, how embarrassed he should be of himself.
Sherlock never thought to be back into Bart's mortuary so soon and this time, not as a consultant detective but as a "corpse".
Armand was just arriving home from the Yard. After the proof presentation and an audition, Xavier was released and after a quick lunch, each one had returned home.
They were outside their home when Sherlock came back from his thoughts; he realised they had everything they needed in different bags; he was holding a couple of them too. It seemed his body was on auto pilot somehow. John had managed to buy their supplies from the only places open at this hour. He had bought milk, tea and sugar.
“Perhaps is not labelled, then.” Sherlock squirmed a bit, not really much point in hiding it if John already knew. “Give it a minute or two for it to go away and…”
He placed a camera in front of him and turned on the light of his desk. He eyed around Bart's IT department. It was dark except for that new light and the lights from the security monitors. He saw Molly Hooper coming out from the mortuary, ending her shift later than usual. He touched the screen with a faked pout.
"Having fun?" Sherlock purred, not moving from his position on the couch, his head was still thrown back over the armrest and his palms glued together still resting under his chin.
He smiled to himself when he thought about nicotine patches. He looked at the little note pad and moved to pages from previous cases.
John snapped his eyes open and his heart started to beat faster at the comment. He looked at the ceiling for an answer, but didn't find one.
John was desperate. The kiss had turned into something he could barely stand. He thought that he had experienced almost every sensation regarding to sex, but apparently he was wrong. Very, very wrong. He was fully aware of his aroused state. He couldn't believe he could get like that only due to a kiss. But he knew it wasn't just that. The man before him, for whom he would die for, the most incredible human being he had ever known was there, in his reach, kissing back at him,
reading his mind because when he wanted Sherlock to let himself go, Sherlock’s teeth were scraping his neck with a growl so primal and his hands pressing his hips so hard, he had to support himself with a hand against the door not to fall. When he was thinking of how Sherlock was taller than he was, Sherlock opened his legs wider, his knees bending and moving his shoulder below John’s arm against the door, leaving them almost eye to eye.
Quickly but carefully, he stood up straight, squaring his shoulders right away. He couldn't calm his heavy breathing. Had John been holding a knife in one of his hands, he would look like an assassin who had just killed his victim.
But Sherlock was looking at him, clearly waiting for an answer. His eyes were intense but John couldn’t stop looking at them if he tried. He swallowed. Yeah, where was the seatbelt? Was Sherlock aware of what was going on? Completely?
"They do, but they usually erase them after one day or two... you can ask for a copy if you liked the conversation too much, tho'..." added the young man.
"But, you’d still hear the sounds, the moans…" John, out of reflect, lowered his sight, concentrating on his partner's lips for a second. Sherlock stopped when their noses were about to touch and moved away casually.
"Sir?" Sergeant Sally Donovan got closer to the DI. He smiled at her, she was someone he could definitely trust, but he knew her way of thinking about Sherlock's methods. She, like almost all of the people he worked with, didn't trust the detective and would never admit, maybe out of pride, how an
like this. What if we get old? What if there is...?" there was a pause, "At first I thought you would only be my flatmate but now you see..."
“What are you doing?” But John knew that if he fought it, it would look odd on the cameras, so he let himself be guided.
There was no trace of unjustified arousal in the morning. So Sherlock took a shower and got dressed like any other day. Rosie was coming back this evening so he self-imposed to double-check the flat for any possible trace of the aphrodisiac. John was at the clinic so his results were not going to be biased. He was pretty much self-conscious of John’s effect on him – he had stopped denying it long ago – so he took the aloe leaf without thinking about its implications, one of John’s jumper that was on the sofa, went upstairs and threw everything onto John’s bed.
And maybe it explained, at least a little, why the detective had woken up in a very cheerful mood. He’d even eaten the breakfast John made for him that morning.
Suddenly, he felt Sherlock's right hand over his left one. With a quick motion, he squeezed it lightly and let it go.
"I did it again." Sherlock's voice was shaking with emotion. John felt Sherlock's breath over his nose and could smell the beer they'd had before. There was something very intimate about the way Sherlock was speaking, but then again, there was a little sadness behind the words.
Sherlock was paralysed at first, but soon understood the situation and wrapped his arms around John's back and waist, slowly at first and then adding pressure. His face was on John's shoulder and he let out a sigh, sounding very much like a repressed sob. John's fingers drew little circles in Sherlock's curls.
As this last thought escaped his mind, he saw, by the corner of his eye, Sherlock walking through the front door of the place. The reaction in his body was immediate; first thing he felt was a horrible knot in his stomach, a burning feeling in his chest, his palms sweaty and a sudden urge to cough. He saw how Sherlock spotted him and floated through the crowd, to him. The detective was expressionless. John saw how he made his way easily to his table and sat down carelessly next to him. He gestured the barman, ordering a beer for himself.
"Remember, Sherlock. We're not heroes here, we just need enough evidence. We're not going to catch them without the specialists, it's too dangerous and there is too much at stake to risk it all." Lestrade said at the end, getting a glare from the detective as a reward.
In the dream he was suddenly in the middle of the living room, Rosie on the carpet screaming “Lemon!” and Sherlock looking down at nothing and breathing hard. Mary was there, too – or probably not Mary, since she looked more like an older version of Rosie – and she had made a gesture with her head as if nodding to Sherlock but looking at him; her eyes huge and scornful, her mouth firmly closed as if he was doing something horribly wrong. In the dream, he had walked over to Sherlock and had raised his arms a little, Mary – older Rosie – had smiled and, as he was about to hold the man, little Rosie on the carpet had screamed
Neither of them talked. Sherlock was obviously sulking. He just sat there next to John and looked around, his lips sealed. The silence between them, even with all the noise around, felt intense. John's hands failed each time he wanted to gulp down his beer.
The corners of Sherlock’s mouth went down and he took a deep breath. John felt an ache in his chest.
Sherlock felt another pinch, this time almost on his knee. He noticed how John's hand managed to get under his trouser by the feet edge, and was now playing with some little hairs there. Sherlock snickered. He knew he didn't have much hair on his body, but his legs and arms had, and he couldn't help but find amusing how even those little things made him closer to John. His mind felt at peace even with this kind of little nothings.
Sherlock remained under the door frame with a confused expression. She continued, "I mean, since John isn't here, I thought... maybe... you would like some company?" She smiled and toyed with her fingers.
"Oh that's good. A job like that isn't worth it..." Sherlock allowed his head to fall over John's chest, his left ear pressed there, listening to the calm heartbeat and his phone in the other one. A light pain started in the base of his neck moving all the way up to his forehead. "We have more information about the case. The Yard is over it now, so I guess you should stop worrying over it." Sherlock added furrowing his nose absently as he felt the pain expanding all the way from his forehead to his palate.
"We are here, boys. This is as far as I can go." The cabbie said, raising a little his voice to be heard at the back of the car. A loud, dramatic sigh could be heard inside the vehicle; unexpectedly, it was John's. Sherlock withdrew reluctantly of the doctor.
I’ve always had this crazy idea that Sherlock masturbated to erotic gay literature. I don’t know. He does know Shakespeare by heart, so I’ve assumed he’s learned some favourite parts of various books. God knows I’ve learned my favourite excerpts by heart, too.
“All of the information is confidential, you realise. Not even Sidney has access to it,” Abby said, her voice strong. At Sherlock’s lifted brows she added, “Sidney Eldridge, my secretary”.
"I recommend you to go as far from the canal as possible, try to keep your heads down. If things get too
But his favourite fantasy was this one: he entered the flat, John would be there in his chair, having a cup of tea and reading a book. Mrs Hudson downstairs wouldn’t have noticed him yet. He’d walk calmly, his heart at ease, he would make sure to look smug, confident. John would lift his head and look at him, then slowly, he’d leave the cup and the book on the floor and get on his bare feet. Bare feet, always bare feet in this fantasy. Perhaps that was his subconscious telling him how comfortable John was in their home. He would walk towards Sherlock with a smile and a frown (how did John’s face do that, even in a fantasy?) and then he’d put one hand on Sherlock’s shoulder (sometimes on his face, or his jaw) and say “Welcome home, I knew it was fake” (sometimes it was “Welcome home, I was waiting for you”) and then Sherlock would answer with a smile and slowly, tentatively, he would get his face closer to John’s shoulder (sometimes he lowered his forehead to John’s, sometimes he breathed against John’s neck) and ask cautiously “Did you miss me?” (Sometimes, according to his current mood or urgency to keep himself alive, it would change to “Please, tell me you missed me” or “Say you missed me” or sometimes a fact “You missed me”) and John would whisper “God, yes” (same answer, always).
John had absolutely no illusions about being an action hero.  He was also acutely aware that, under present circumstances, it was undoubtedly best to avoid...ambiguity about allegiance and motivation.  So whilst he did very briefly entertain the thought of lying, or of doing something truly stupid involving his gun to force the colonel, if necessary, to continue following Sherlock against his orders when this new information was revealed, in the end he simply said, “Sherlock.”
He waited, detachedly, for her to realise he was Not One of Us in spite of his new suit ("This belongs to
John paused. "Is this a change of subject?" he ventured. "Between 'Mycroft' and 'sex'? Because I really don't know if I can handle it if the answer to that is no." He paused again. "So my being clever is why you—"
They had been walking for over an hour and cold rain had been falling for twenty minutes by the time he circled them around to the gazebo. Neither man had spoken a word. John was still stiff but his breathing was steadier and Mycroft thought the immediate crisis might be over.
"Here," he said. "It has tracking permanently enabled and it's unblockable, which won't do you a bloody bit of good if you're taken because the first thing any halfway competent professional will do is get rid of your phone. But we'll be able to find you if you wander off with a head injury, which you do seem to acquire with unnerving frequency. You know the effects can be cumulative, don't you?"
Whatever the hell had gotten into Sherlock, John thought as his eyes rolled back for the fourth or maybe fifth or seventh time, he sure as hell wasn't going to complain about it. Just this morning he'd brushed off John's hopeful advances with an irritated "I'm
John laid the back of his hand on the seat. “They can't have got far,” he said, ducking back out of the door and turning to scan the edges of the field through the drizzle. “Seat's still a bit warm. Key's in the ignition, so either someone's planning to come back or they've ditched the car.” To himself he breathed, “Where
“I suppose it was a difficult situation for them to sort on first glance, yeah? I mean,” John snorted, laughter starting to well up, “there's their star cardiologist on the floor with an enraged civilian bashing him up, whilst another nutter is yanking the IV out of the
He wasn't nearly smart enough to figure everything out, but he had to believe that Mycroft knew what John would do and had factored that into his plan, and he had to believe Sherlock had worked it all out and was not going to let him walk into a trap with no escape. At least not without a good reason.
Boxing Day brought a tolerably creative ritual killing. John unexpectedly contributed to the solution when he mentioned an aspect of Zoroastrianism that accounted for the bull's horns.
With a dreadful sense of foreboding, Sherlock peeled the wrapping paper from the flat package Mrs Hudson handed him. Oh, no. How in the hell had she come across this?
“Quite right,” he replied.  “Good for you.”  He slid to his knees and smiled mirthlessly.  “I see you drank the brandy, though.  You'll be here when they...come for you.” More crushing pressure banded his chest and he vomited, which did quite terrible things to his ribs.
A person did not live with Sherlock Holmes without picking up something of his methods, something of his instincts, if not his mad genius.
"The Audi that hit you. It wasn't an accident. Mycroft-and-minions now believe your cab was followed. The original plan was to snatch you from the doorstep when you arrived here, but your cab was blocked by the crashes. They crowded your driver from behind so she skidded, then rammed you when you didn't get out. They needed you out of the car; no one would pay much attention to a good samaritan assisting an injured man, but dragging a struggling one out of a vehicle would be noticed. The ambulance coming behind them blocked their exit, though, so they aborted the snatch."
He didn't. He remembered rounding the corner, seeing Crombley's shoulder move forward and back, feeling the knife point bang down ribs on its way to his stomach. He remembered Donovan skidding around him, slapping Crombley's wrist from below, forcing it up. He remembered Crombley kicking her in the face. He definitely remembered her punching the bastard straight in the bollocks, and would probably see that in his sleep for months to come. But he didn't remember much afterwards.
The day had passed with a pleasant undercurrent, anticipation pooling thick and heavy in his groin even throughout his loathsome circumnavigation of the garden. He had so little else to occupy his mind. He filled it with images of dragging his fingertips down through the hair of Greg's abdomen, sweeping across the curve of his inner thigh. As the afternoon gave way to dusk, he showered again and took special care shaving.
Righteous indignation surrounded her like a cloud of cheap perfume. "Well, we'll hope he'll come around eventually. That does happen sometimes, you know, especially if—well, at any rate, just see if he gets any of my fairy cakes if he's going to look down his nose at John! Such a nice young man, and a
that boy had tugged Greg into the dark, empty place under a pier and sucked him until Greg had been sobbing, shaking, coming with a fist shoved into his mouth, wiping tears from his eyes afterwards, and that posh voice had whispered filthy, filthy directions as Greg clumsily returned the favour. That memory had fueled many of Greg's favourite wanks for years afterwards.
He debated calling Mycroft's house to have CCTV track the black car with the fresh, wide scrape down its left side, but there might be more than one spy and he didn't know who to trust. He couldn't even send someone to fetch Mycroft from the gazebo, although the man must be freezing and probably had broken bones, maybe even a partially collapsed lung; half-armour or not, a bullet from a Browning at that range packed a hell of a punch. John wasn't sure what Sherlock was to Fitzhugh if Mycroft was dead, but Mycroft alive meant Sherlock was a hostage to use as leverage so they couldn't risk that getting out.
“Biography of Freddy Mercury,” John answered, and then turned to Sherlock, eyes bright, and said, “That was amazing.”
Waterhouse paused in the act of closing the door. “My dear boy,” he said, so sympathetically that John's mouth went dry, “I think you're going to want to be there as soon as possible. Take the escort.” The car pulled away.
"There's something that's been bothering me." John shifted in his chair. "The car that whoever-it-was was going to use to snatch me. A yellow car isn't exactly inconspicuous; you'd be able to track a car like that easily. So somebody wanted people focused on the car, right? No-one would pay much attention to what the people in it looked like, not when the colour's so distinctive."
John sighed and reached for his trousers, wrinkling his nose and unpacking a fresh pair when he saw the stain over the crotch. "Right. I'll see if Greg wants to watch the game at the—"
It'd been years and he choked at first until his body remembered and he got the knack of it again. Then he was able to lose himself in the scents, the painfully tight grip in his hair, the hips moving under his fingers, the drool on his chin. The quiet, shuddering sighs above turned sharp when, after what seemed like hours of sucking and licking, he brusquely slid his forefinger straight into the nob's spit-wet arse and the man gasped, thrust hard for a few throat-bruising moments, and came.
"They looked like beetles. I wasn't much into beetles. I liked her bees, though." He looked around the echoing room again and took a deep breath. "Sherlock? Mycroft...thinks it's really important you solve this one."
Mrs Hudson wittered from the threshold, “There's an upstairs bedroom if you're interested, Dr Watson. Just step right up this way...”
He'd very nearly died thrice in the span of four hours, they told him. He'd been shot, suffered a myocardial infarction, and then been poisoned.
John tasted rain and cardamon and a hint of tobacco—oh, naughty Sherlock. And there was no mistaking the nature of the kiss, since tongue was almost immediately involved and Sherlock fisted his hand in John's hair and pulled him closer.
The two men in his office now were his best chance to do so, and anyone who wasn't frankly terrified by that wasn't sane.
Okay, so now he had the brother. He didn't have the other Holmes, but that one was dead so he couldn't do anything about it, and he didn't have the phone but Watson would be taking the credit for that anyway. If he brought the brother in by himself, without the other two along to steal all the glory when
Privately John thought the garden reflected Gertrude Jekyll's influence—Gran had been an admirer of hers and Mycroft was clearly a traditionalist—but he grinned bashfully and said, "Ah, don't know much about gardens, I'm afraid. Well, except for a bit about allotments."
“Moriarty got to me through you. There will be others. It is not at all safe for you, and I...dislike having such an obvious vulnerability. It tells my enemies where to aim.”
Eleven men and women had been wounded protecting him and the interests of the nation. Three were dead. He had debts to repay.
He'd only stayed on the bed for a little over half an hour before he'd sprung up and paced, but it had been a nice half hour. Looking at him stretched out and loose-limbed, John'd found himself recalling Sherlock's response to his old captain-voice and musing idly that silver dogtags would look very fine indeed against that long, lean neck. A sudden vision of holding a squirming, moaning Sherlock down by the tags in his fist whilst he roughly buggered him over—oh, Jesus Christ—
But nobody thought to ask, because a quiet man with a North Country accent clearly wasn't very bright, and anyway they'd already made up their minds about Holmes.
John lifted his head in time to see Lestrade look as though he'd just swallowed a tarantula. Not meeting Sherlock's eyes, he muttered roughly, “You want a ride or not? This is coming out of my sleep.”
It seems ungrateful to grieve that he wasn't there to hold his friend at the end when Casey had spared him just that, but he does, because life is so damned empty without that familiar weight leaning against his knee when he sits at the breakfast table. He's been through this before, knows that eventually he'll take a breath that doesn't hurt, that eventually he won't cry when he reaches sleepily across the bed for a warmth that isn't there, but that's somewhere in the future and right now the whole world is made up of atoms that proclaim in the very foundation of existence that
“London Heart Centre,” Sherlock said. Tobin ignored him. John saw headlights coming up behind much too fast and cut towards the New North Road and heavier traffic.
“You know I can't confirm or deny that,” the colonel replied with heavy irony.  “But until I receive other orders, I'm following the last one I was given.”
He needed to get out and run. Go out into his alleys and run and run until his body submitted to his will and the wildness ebbed away and took with it the stark craving.
or I am leaving and your colonel can just shoot me. And if you'd stopped to think about it for a minute you'd have realised how tasteless continuing that comparison would be since consent is rather the point of both acts."
“I think that's what we're deciding now.” John drank two-fifths of his tea and Sherlock savagely snapped pipettes to Fibonacci stubs. They might very well have gone on not looking at each other, not speaking to each other, not touching each other, possibly for weeks or at least the rest of the morning had Mrs Hudson not taken it upon herself to bring up the freshly delivered milk of the day.
Any other time, John would have been stunned enough by that word from Sherlock to leave him open-mouthed, but the body beneath him spasmed and he was lost. He doubled over, drove in hard enough to shove Sherlock across the blanket on the floor, dug his fingers into bony shoulders in a desperate search for leverage, and came so hard he saw stars.
Sherlock brushed it off. “We'll all be leaving soon. He has a whole passel of doctors fussing over him now; no room for one more body in that jumble.”
“Why did you do it?” John finally asked. “The truth, please. You knew I didn't want to get hitched yet, so why?”
Holmes clearly hates it, but he looks to Watson for reassurance and does what Watson wants him to do, and when Watson beams, Holmes breathes a little easier and struts a little more.   Robbie thinks,
's way, because not only did she beta this sucker (she probably regrets ever having offered, but I'm holding her to it because she's really good at it) but I made her Google something terrible and it was traumatic. She was expecting cake. She was so wrong.
Author's note: Everyone please send love, admiration, and white-chocolate raspberry truffle Haagen Dazs ice cream to
The car had stopped on the way here. The blip on Mycroft's phone had shown the stationary car and then Sherlock had texted him and told him to go back to Mycroft. The text hadn't been in his usual style at all. Was that a clue? Had he been forced to send it? Had Harris searched him whilst Sherlock was driving and discovered the mobile? How would he even have done that, the way Sherlock was driving? And why leave it in the car, in that case?
Sherlock examined the wood grain of the table. John sighed. "You're not going to make this easy, are you. Why do you want this? The truth, please, and all of it. I deserve that, if you're actually asking and this isn't some ruse for a case, and I don't think you'd have mentioned a solicitor if it were that. So why?"
But Sherlock didn't have that excuse. John's genius flatmate had deduced—John winced as he realised—within
“John, it's Greg. I know it's early, but do you fancy watching some footy at your local? I—well, truth is I got my divorce papers today and I don't want to drink alone but I don't want the blokes at work to know just yet, yeah? I'll—”
Sherlock tossed him an unfamiliar dressing gown and tipped his head towards what John assumed was an en suite bathroom.
of cold laptop dropped on Sherlock's abdomen, followed by John's footsteps again, this time on the stair to his bedroom.
"Where are the lanterns? It's Dewali, there are lights all over the East End, it's gorgeous out there, like Christmas, but there aren't any in the house."
He was on the verge of shoving Mrs Hudson's herbal soothers up Sherlock's aristocratic nose with a pipe tamper when Lestrade rapped hesitantly on the door.
When he finally woke up properly in the late morning, the shower was running and a new woollen jumper sat on his chair. Propped on it, easily visible, was a note:
Sherlock had never known him as a practicing surgeon. Since he'd returned to England he'd treated colds at the clinic and stitched Sherlock's split lip after an encounter with the butt of a fish knife, but the practice he'd trained for had been in hibernation since he was shot. Now he had work again,
Eventually he had to get up, because his back and shoulder were killing him. All the signs indicated Sherlock would sleep for hours yet, so John could get to the supermarket and back well before he woke and have dinner waiting. He felt uncomfortable leaving Sherlock alone, though, in case he sensed it and didn't sleep as well, or worse, woke to an empty bed and empty flat after the first time anyone had ever made—John's thoughts shied from the word, but it was true and he was not a coward so he made himself think it—made love to him.
The omega regarded him briefly, head cocked to the side, raven-like, and his smile changed. “I wonder if you realise that's true.”
Of course Mycroft would choose to return this morning when Sherlock had much more entertaining things to do, such as continue his conversation with an interestingly angry John. And he would keep prattling on and on about national security and duty and dull dull dull umbrella thump dull dull rising furious voice dull.
for her beta-ing expertise, everyone. (I'd like to thank her for making me snort and laugh inappropriately at work; I've had to cover with fake coughs so many times that my colleagues think I have TB.) All blunders are my own.
when the scent of expensive cologne wafted lightly over him and hit his dick like a goddamned freight train.
time when I threw the whole thing out and rewrote it (and never once offered to turn me into shoes.  Not within my hearing, anyway).  And as ever, my deepest gratitude to every single person who commented, gave kudos, subscribed, and/or lurked.  Thank you for engaging with this story.
“Do sit down, Sergeant. You have it all wrong. I'm only here to ask for a small favour, and I'm prepared to be quite generously grateful if you co-operate.”
Now Sherlock was perched on the railing like some mutant raven, complete with gimlet eye and cocked head. "John, fetch my magnifying glass."
Sherlock had spent the last forty-five minutes not thinking about how very badly things might have gone had the major not been briefed that John was a recently discharged veteran, had she not known his relationship to Mycroft and Sherlock, had she not reached the room swiftly and ordered her men to stand down and stop hurting him before the situation escalated further and terrible accidents subsequently occurred. He had not let himself think about that because it
Sherlock brushed his lips over his temple, which tasted faintly of the ocean and wholly of John. "Yes," he said. "Amazing."
The car stopped in front of a building on what John assumed was Gopsall Street. Sherlock had the door open whilst the car was still rolling. “This way. No, not you, John, stay here. Trade phones. Don't
If you have concerns about specific types of triggers, I would be more than happy to answer questions in the comments here or in a PM over at FanFiction.Net (if you'd rather be private).
somebody who knows how to do things properly is teaching Sherlock Holmes how to get on. Watson's free with his praise for the right things, he's good about correcting and then ignoring bad behaviour, and he seems to understand that when a man or a dog has done a hard task, he needs to self-reward.
and John told him so over and over. He couldn't even imagine what it was going to be like when the man had more experience. Probably fatal for John, but what the hell, it was a good way to go.
. Why would Sherlock hide his phone in the car? And why on the passenger side, when he'd been driving?
He'd seen how Sherlock turned down advances when he didn't return the interest. He didn't so much have a razor-sharp tongue as a machete in his mouth, but worse than the vicious, frigid words—God, poor Molly—was the utter
“Here, use mine,” said the stranger, and that spoke of either stupidity or a love of risk-taking, given his friend's emphatic refusal. Stamford would never have brought someone stupid to him as a potential flatmate.
John shook his head. “They move a bloody cardiac unit to Mycroft's house in a matter of hours and somehow keep up the illusion he's a minor bureaucrat in—transportation, is it?”
John jerked awake as the cabbie said, "Well, looks like you'll be my last fare of the day. Storm's shutting everything down."
When Harris had seen the marks on the back of Watson's neck, almost but not quite under his shirt collar, he'd thought he had it figured out. The little poof was the pillow-biter, then, playing the girl and taking it up the arse from the big skinny one. Made sense. Then somebody'd mentioned Watson had been in the Army—not some enlisted grunt, either, but an officer—and Harris just refused to believe that any bloke sharing a uniform with himself was a pussy so it must be that Watson was giving it to the tall one after all.
"Is he?" Mycroft said brightly and pleasantly with a perfectly neutral smile on his face. "Well, that
Because if Mrs Hudson knew, God knew how many other people did. Mycroft surely did and they were going to be staying in the man's house and Mycroft had no reason at all to do Sherlock any favours.
"That was good, John, very clever, good reasoning." He was repeating himself but his mind seemed to have developed a stutter now that John was pressed to him, his intoxicating scent rising from the open collar of his shirt. "Very good." He let his hands slide up from hips to shoulders, lifting the body more tightly against him. John's breath, broken and hot, caressed his neck, followed by small, maddening nips.
Harris's mobile was cracked from its fall but still functional. It would be pointless to try to get information out of Harris without any way to verify its accuracy—the reason torture was useless as an interrogation technique—and Sherlock doubted he could win his trust and co-operation after threatening to pop the man's eyeballs out. He needed Mycroft's resources now.
Another humiliating gush pulsed down his fingers, no different at all than pissing himself. He pressed his face into the pillow and waited for it to be over.
His feet were planted triumphantly, and John had the distinct impression he might actually have been saying, "Checkmate, arsehole."
“Well then, clearly what I should have done was send in brothers, daughters, husbands, fathers, nieces to die as well, senseless death after senseless death for vengeance's sake.” Mycroft had always received high marks for oration.  He didn’t usually indulge, but the rhythm mirrored the sudden pounding of his heart and the inexplicable flood of adrenaline in his veins.  “How many do we throw into that maw, Fitzhugh?  ”
"I was saying to John that we'll need a cover story to explain why you're moving in these social circles again as you investigate. It's only natural that I should invite my brother and his partner to stay with me as we arrange a public celebration of their engagement."
"We're not scaling any buildings, Sherlock. Why don't you stop making the nice SAS man over there wonder if he needs to draw his gun and go give the...code thing to Mycroft."
"Send it back. You're not taking anything from Mycroft, I told you that, it's in the agreement." Sherlock reached for the hem but John snatched the jacket close and cradled it like a sleek black impact-dispersing infant. Turning his back to Sherlock, he held it up again by the shoulders and just gazed at it. The thing was designed to trigger every masculine pleasure receptor in the human body. It made John want to retire to a closet with it and—
"Security, John," he said gently. "I have a safe-house being prepared for you but you will not be permitted to leave the grounds until it is ready and you certainly will not go on foot. Walk in the gardens with me." He added, "He won't be there. You won't see him."
John gave the first genuine laugh he'd had since this bloody luncheon began. "No, no, it's fine. That's a far more charitable way of putting it than what most of the people here are thinking."
In August, he meets Jason and a friend at his local for pints. When Jason excuses himself on a transparently flimsy excuse and leaves the other two there alone, Robbie realises they've been set up on a date.
Oh, Christ. Please, God, not that, because last night had been far from John's best performance and how rubbish would that be for anyone's first time?
Robbie liked Holmes, too. People who meant one thing but said another troubled him. When body language and words weren't congruent, he was always waiting for the stab in the back that was surely coming. Dogs never did that, never pretended to like you when they didn't. When Holmes didn't like you, he said so. You knew where you stood with him. Also, Holmes had the good sense to smell things as well as look at them, which just showed he was less of an an idiot than most humans.
"It's...it's a Svalinn 7004X." John pulled the jacket to his face and inhaled the scent of suede shoulder patches and gun oil. He may have rubbed his cheek against it a little, too, in a very manly way. "It's still in beta. You can't buy them. Nobody knows how they choose who gets them...but I guess if anyone would know how to get one..."
Right, then. Home. He and Natalie need to talk, and for once he feels like it might not be the verbal equivalent of a root canal. He and a wagging Ava cut through the narrow passage between buildings on the way back to the car-park and home.
But somehow it had all gone arseways when he'd mentioned marriage and Sherlock wanted to tell the cabbie to just keep driving in circles around the city because he was afraid that when the taxi door opened John would bolt. His rebellious stomach—when had his body parts starting doing as they pleased instead of waiting for orders?—roiled.
like one of those bloody vampires on telly, making Harris jump, and said, "I'd like to speak with your employer. Now that my brother is out of the way, I believe we can negotiate mutually satisfactory terms."
Moments later he heard shattering glass, a shrill alarm, and then shouting. He had the car in gear when Tobin yanked open the back door and Sherlock flung himself in, arms wrapped around what looked like a backup computer drive. “Go, go!” Tobin shouted to John, landing half on top of Sherlock and slamming the door shut. He heard bullets hit the armoured side of the car and stomped on the accelerator.
"All I'm saying is that it might be a good idea not to piss off the blokes whose job it is to take a bullet to save your arse."
He inhaled surreptitiously as he took the phone. Flat, sterile scent beneath cheap human shampoo and soap, none of the complex richness of alpha or omega. Body language rigidly military: not re-acclimatised to civilian life. When distracted, the man placed weight evenly on both legs despite the bad limp when walking: psychosomatic, then. Traumatic injury, other post-traumatic symptoms now that he knew to look for them: wounded in action.
Exciting, that: his new flatmate. John Watson was a locked-room murder, an undiscovered poison, a hidden motive, and Sherlock would be living with him, able to observe closely and tease out all his secrets. He shivered with anticipatory delight.
"I'm adding a coda to the agreement. Do not go to Mycroft for anything, do not exchange favours with him, do not take gifts from him, do not do anything he tells you to—"
John licked his lips again. "It's, um, it's sudden. Honestly, I'm worried this is...it's common, you know, with your first lover, to think—"
"Sherlock explained this may be a matter of treason? Then you understand the need for tact and discretion, and you understand that all matters concerning tact will fall to you. More urgently, I need you to understand how important it is that Sherlock succeeds.
John jerked upright in a bed on Baker Street. A dark shape perched much too close to him on the edge of his mattress, and he recoiled so fast he cracked his skull against the headboard and was blind for a second.
If he sighed, closed his eyes, tapped his fingers on the arm of his chair, could he disguise fatigue as exasperation? “Should I retire to the country for the holidays, do you think?”
Sherlock tightened his hands around John's thighs and shook his head violently. John hesitated, and Sherlock rolled his eyes exasperatedly and—
had horrified him. Yes, horrified. That was a terrible, awful thing. Very bad. And he'd left his dogtags at home and Mycroft surely locked his office.
"Childish, Sherlock," Mycroft called after him as he dumped the wool into the bathtub and turned on the hot water.
Three hours later his knee was aching, which reminded him of a time not long ago when he was limping and useless and hopeless and he'd rather not remember that time. It was late enough by then that he could meet somebody at the pub without it seeming like he had nothing better to do and nobody to talk to, so he texted Greg, and when that was a no he texted Terrence for darts and a couple of rounds.
amusing to lure an innocent; vastly more entertaining to string the boy along and make him complicit in his own degradation."
Thanks as well to every single person who commented, left kudos, subscribed, and lurked.  I'm deeply grateful.
Tobin had crept beneath the nearest window, head pressed to the wall in an attempt to hear via conduction, gesturing for John to stay back. He crouched to peer in a corner of the window, backing quietly to John after a few moments.
It was one of the unfair cruelties of life, John reflected, that his status as a supposedly engaged gay man was currently netting him more feminine attention than any single thing about him had previously. He smiled, took another sip of wine, listened to the sixth woman to monopolize his attention this afternoon—this one with a lovely set of breasts that he was trying very hard not to notice—and thought
Even knowing it was exactly what the omega wanted him to do, immediately he'd been returned to his bedsit, John checked under the pillow for his gun. The Browning was gone, and in its place was a used and meticulously maintained SIG Sauer.
, who continues to make this story much better than it would have been otherwise. All mistakes are entirely my own.
"No, Sir. Mr Holmes says to remind you that you don't want your new mobile to end up in the same condition as your old one and you are therefore to leave with me now, Sir."
He lingered across the street from the club and wished he remembered how to do this. Ah, fuck it, he was sure all the things he'd used to be good at weren't what was done anymore, but he wanted this badly enough to risk looking like the damned fool he undoubtedly was, so he put a bit of his old swagger into his stride and let the flow of human traffic carry him to the door.
“You're making me nervous,” he snapped.  “I can't concentrate.”  There was something he was missing.  What had Mycroft—
Sherlock was closer to Mycroft. “Pull out that IV!” John ordered, already executing a rugby tackle on Banks that he would certainly pay for tomorrow. “Insulin—pull it out!”
He let several minutes pass before speaking again. "My brother appears self-contained, but in reality he is influenced by the people he admires. I did not care to see what he would become under Victor's continued influence. Unfortunately he had become deeply attached by the time I removed the man and...did not take it well."
“Incidentally,” Mycroft tapped his umbrella's spike oh-so-casually on the runner, “you really should see what John is up to presently.”
. Every day. Right to the door." He sat up and reached for Sherlock. "I need to fuck you. Right now. I know you're planning the whole desk scenario and I want that, I really do, but that's hours away and I need you right now."
Mycroft did not know a great deal about firearms, but he could recognise the soft sound of a safety being thumbed off in an otherwise silent room.
The breathing exercises weren't working; he still felt lightheaded and he knew his heart rate was far too high but he was so
Once upon a time, before he'd met the Holmeses, he'd been considered a reasonably clever bloke. He doubted he'd ever feel that way again.
“And you're using the wrong kind of rope anyway. Did you suffer multiple concussions on your tour of duty? Or—no, footballer, maybe? Blocked more than a few high-velocity shots with your head, obviously. Would explain the face,” he added nastily, and Harris really wanted to backhand the gobshite and splinter that poncy nose, but he didn't because he was a fucking
"Shut up." The handcuffs had been right there on the nightstand, where Sherlock had been practicing picking them before John had left, and Sherlock had straddled him, clamped his heated, struggling body between his thighs, and cuffed both of John's hands to the headboard.
Mycroft was brilliant, properly brilliant, and he never tried to make Sherlock dull or treated him like a weak, pathetic alpha to be sequestered away for his own protection, and Sherlock was going to be just like him and they would be amazing together.
All Sherlock had ever had to do was indicate somehow that yes, I suspect, John, that I may be interested in you as well. He'd have known the feeling was mutual and he'd be risking nothing. Instead, the man had been sneaking around getting
John was thrown hard against his door as a sliding yellow Audi slammed into the cab. "Shit," he hissed, eyes squeezed shut, reminding himself that had not been an IED, "oh, shit."
"Dining room." Sherlock ghosted to his shoulder and simply stood beside him. John regretted leaving the jumper behind; the empty, cavernous room was bloody cold and that made his shoulder ache.
"I'll be fine," he said hoarsely, and gathered his John tightly to him, held him close and shivered with anticipation and longing and fear, always the fear, but the longing and need were so much greater than that and he could do this, he wanted to do this. He wanted John to do this.
John had started to speak twice and stopped himself; Sherlock ran a hand up the long line of his arm and shoulder and said, "Ask."
Sherlock was still asleep when he returned, for which John was unspeakably thankful because that meant there was a chance he'd never find out what the married ones John had run into at the shop'd had to say about John's apparent...talent, going by the screams coming from 221B the night before. He'd thought his blazing ears might actually set his hair alight when Liam had calmly reached into his basket and pulled out one of the three bottles of lube John had placed in there. "Not this one, love," he'd said in a brotherly fashion. "You need extra-thick if you're going to go at it like that." He'd tossed in a different brand with a slap on the shoulder that made John pray for the earth to swallow him.
"As doing this jointly is going to be distasteful for me and borderline traumatic for you, I suggest we get it over with and never speak of it again," Sherlock muttered. "Help me walk him to the bathroom. I'll...put him in the shower. It'll have to be my room afterwards; his is upstairs."
People in severe sleep deprivation have involuntary microsleeps. He knows this; it's fact; combat medics see it all the time. The mind flickers off and on, trying to snatch sleep in dribs and drabs in order to keep functioning. And that's what had happened to him: he'd fallen into a microsleep in the barber's chair just as the man was wetting down his hair and woke as he was being toweled.
“You and I can only make this work together, Sherlock. I can have a job I love and we can make Mycroft pay me a lot of money for it. Besides, he owes you now, doesn't he? That's got to be worth some favours.”
Very few persons knew the contingency plan.  Fitzhugh thought this was the endgame, then, to tip his hand so obviously and thus sacrifice his mole.  Good.  Mycroft's lure had proved too tempting to resist.  At least something was still going according to plan.  He would have preferred to do this under more advantageous circumstances, with a dry suit at the very least, and preferably without broken ribs making it so damnably hard to breathe, but one had to remain adaptable.
“Sherlock.” Five strides carried him across the open space, close enough to slide the fingers of one hand into wet hair and close the other in the cotton of a tight-fitting shirt.
Sherlock protestingly clamped his body around him and oh, hell, that nearly did it but somehow John hung on. It was a close thing, though, and he smacked his hand against Sherlock's frantically squirming arse and snapped, “Damn it,
“Sh—Sherlock.” Mycroft's hand patted the air in Sherlock's direction. “He's not gone. Sent to Dower House. For you. Understand? Second chance.” His face twisted. “Don't mess this up.”
The address they ended up at—well, “posh” didn't come close. There had been bleeding suits of armour in the room with the whisky and the fireplace, where they'd had the promised drinks. The bedroom had a fireplace too, come to that, and Greg was nearly dizzy with hope and anticipation and the erotic associations of so much luxury.
With an effort, John filed that away for future exploration and resolutely turned his attention to cutting cloth away from Sherlock's injury. "What did you
Sherlock's derisive snort was overshadowed by his obvious preening. "Basic, John," he said, but he caught his gaze in a scorching eyefuck that sent John's heart thumping against his breastbone.
Somehow the man managed to swagger whilst sitting down. The sheer masculine pride radiating from him nearly gave John sunburn.
Too soon—he'd wanted to make it last for John, but he hadn't yet taught his unco-operative transport to wait—too soon he felt coiling heat in his abdomen, felt the wave of his climax racing towards him.
Greg hadn't made Detective Inspector by ignoring his instincts for danger, and something about Sherlock's smile when Greg had pressed the point about how
—and marched him down the hallway, giving him a good shove over the front threshold. “Out. Now. You're off the case. You're off every damned case from now 'til Doomsday.
“Are you on painkillers? I mean, should you be drinking, if you are? Or, you know, leaving the flat? At all? Maybe this isn't a good idea. Forget it.”
“You should look in on him,” John said quietly. “He's your brother. You should be with him now. I'm fine here.”
They were still finding the ways they fit, in terms of desire as well as mechanics. Sherlock's mind had to be either fully engaged or else overwhelmed with sensation; anything in between risked overriding his body's response in favour of cataloguing the response. John needed to hear the sounds of pleasure, the cries and hard breaths, the wet slides of mouths and hands and shafts.
"I believe his motivations were more complicated than that. It's likely that he didn't fully understand them himself. Relationships are not his area." He smiled wryly. John didn't.
“Even if this were a good time—and it's not—after the beating I took yesterday, I'm not in any shape to have sex.”
Moments later John ordered, "Okay, move now, move with me," and he gasped in relief. They began searching out the tempo for this particular encounter, discovering it would be slow, deliberate, ardent.
A brief scrabbling slide had John thinking he'd be joining Mycroft in intensive cardiac care before Sherlock slithered back in through the window, left hand clutching something to his chest.
John thought hours later, watching the man beside him sleep for the first time since the case had begun.
He just hoped like hell Mycroft's people would get to Fitzhugh before he did or he probably wasn't getting out of this alive.
"Of cou—" Thank God Sherlock wasn't inclined to hold a grudge; wet heat closed around his cock again and John's eyes rolled back. Sherlock flicked his tongue and began sucking in long, hard pulls, and a truly embarrassingly short time later, John inhaled sharply and got as far as "I'm—" before he was jerking helplessly and shouting.
"I'm going to turn in early." John lifted Sherlock's legs and stood carefully from the sofa. The lines of his face were deep with pain.
John wasn't at all sure how he managed to get up and walk after that, but he did while Sherlock squirmed out of his trousers and shoes and came to the fireplace, where he stripped off his shirt and spread himself enticingly over the blanket.
Footsteps outside the door brought Sherlock's attention away from the slide with the tiny green flakes that confirmed the victim's brother's guilt. Could no-one on the Met be bothered to use their eyes? This didn’t even require rudimentary brainwork, just a set of working
. Breasts had a profoundly detrimental effect on John's already strained thought processes and Sherlock took it upon himself to provide the optimal working conditions for him to gather information without distractions.
Three days later, John returned to the flat in the small hours of the morning to find that Sherlock had neither eaten nor slept since he'd left, and had apparently spent the entire time pacing, licking nicotine patches, snapping at Mrs Hudson, and blowing up all their tea. John changed his long-standing opinion that night and decided that yes, rage sex
Mycroft could not bring a charge of treason against a man of that standing without hard evidence.  Anything less and Fitzhugh's allies and secret employees would make sure he walked free.  Fitzhugh would not have been able to risk leaving anything in the heavily guarded locations where his own people might come across it.  No, it would be somewhere private, in a place where cleverness, not firepower, would win access.  John and Tobin would get Sherlock into the site and Sherlock would figure out where to look.
There was also the added complication that some unobservant idiots—and it has been established that John is often an idiot—might think the young man bears some slight resemblance to John's flatmate. It really would not do for John to come to this erroneous conclusion. It might make things...awkward. Sherlock had grown accustomed to a high degree of ease between John and himself, and refused to allow anyon—any
The front of his trousers was wet over a very prominent erection. John stopped trying to stagger forward and disbelievingly pressed a still-shaking hand to the patch.
During the months that followed of surgery, septicaemia, brutal physical therapy, sterile rooms that smelt of antiseptic and, later, a sterile bedsit that smelt of mildew and solitude and uselessness, John needed to believe that shot, the one that had ended both his careers and sent him home and meant he was never questioned about the Incident, had come from an enemy sniper.
“We'll go in dark the rest of the way.”  The colonel switched off the headlights and slowed.  After a moment, John's night vision sharpened.
By the time their bodies had dried he'd stopped being angry. He'd unlocked John, who had immediately gone to the toilet and then insisted Sherlock brush his teeth and tongue and yelled at him for the patches when he'd found out. Then they'd gone back to bed, and John had put his hands on his face and kissed him, saying sleepily, "Missed you."
"Full armour would have been rather too obvious. Ribs. I have a matching set now," he wheezed and wondered why that seemed terribly amusing.
"Are you sure everything's alright...?" he asked, frowning, suddenly worried there was more of the case. The movement of his brows just made his head hurt more.
, he answered himself, but still, what prompted that little piece of brain to work, the main source of it... he couldn't know.
"Speculation. Lack of privacy, I don't like the press speculating about our-" he gestured with his hand in the air, between them, "-relationship, Sherlock... I think it's low and dangerous in this line of work at some point, okay? It's not important. Just... do what I said, stay out of the news, yes?" John motioned to the dummy and the microscope, his brows up in his forehead.
But now Sherlock’s music needed to be vibrant. He needed to make the strings vibrate, the sound was not enough to calm his mind, his body or the wild pace of his heart. He was too tempted to take the mute off the strings so he could
"But first..." Sherlock supported himself on John's shoulder and muttered "Forget it, Sherlock. No spaces." Giving himself impulse, he walked to the desk and this time he supported both of his palms there, his chin going down almost to his chest as he stared at both laptops below him. "Which one did Mycroft touch?"
"Three sugars, if I recall correctly?" a hand emerged from its confines. He had a glance of a very innocent and pleased smile. She took the offered cup and sipped from it, an appreciative sound coming from in between the blanket. He supported his back on the tree next to her and took off his phone, taking a big gulp of the warm liquid.
John's mouth fell open at that, because seriously, who talked about rape cases after... "Wh-!" he let out an incredulous smile and shook his head. "Okay, forget it. Did it work?" at the confused expression of the detective John clarified, lifting his brows. "Mind stimulation, I mean."
and took a hold of his playful fingers again. He withdrew his hand quickly and added "...I don't think I need to tell you: if I find any drugs..." John looked around the room and to the mantel, his index finger raised in the air, "...I'll hide your skull and no desert for two weeks." Sherlock lifted his brows quickly.
Sherlock glared down but he stayed in the position, thinning his lips quickly he said "Mycroft was here last night." He frowned deeply and slowly he added "
"On the website, yes." John tossed his phone to his companion as he sat next to him. The detective immediately dialled the numbers the mysterious man gave him earlier. He called the hot line, feeling a little sense of déjà vu.
So there he was now, waiting for the kettle to boil after a long morning at the Yard. Mycroft had called John at least three times today and Lestrade was being desperate and almost crazy towards Sherlock about the case and the lack of evidence, and the obvious pointing of Sherlock at their incompetence every chance he'd got.
His mind supplied an image he had of Sherlock from many years ago; he had been on a date and, as soon as he had arrived, was lured by the screeching from Mrs Hudson’s kitchen. There was a mouse running loose inside her flat and she had called Sherlock, who had been sleeping, apparently. John entered the kitchen just to see Sherlock lifting a wooden table with his left hand as he threw a saucepan face down with the other over the grey little fellow. He had sleepily smiled at John with a, ‘
“It’s not that I don’t want to.” John’s voice was soft but there was steadiness in his tone, he looked up and saw green and black and grey. He swallowed when his eyes darted to Sherlock’s mouth.
Sherlock felt his pulse rising at the proximity of the other man, he couldn't help a little surprised smirk. It was a quirk of the corner of his lips, but it didn't escape John's eye. The doctor seemed reluctant; his walking pace was secure and deliberately slow towards the other man, until he suddenly stopped and Sherlock let out a suppressed sigh. John's lips curled into a little knowing smile. He was almost touching Sherlock's knees with his own, taking him out of his comfort zone... and he was enjoying it far too much.
"He told me that I could have this for the case," Sherlock answered shoving the device in front of his face, "this phone has all sorts of texts' conversations and emails with Xavier. It also has some documents regarding money transfers from the facilities, employees’ lists and photographs. I had returned it, but then he gave it back to me before he left the flat." Sherlock now twiddled the device in the air and then saved it in his coat pocket.
"Of course, yes." John nodded. His thumb toyed with the mug handle slowly. He wanted, badly, this conversation about Sherlock's feelings to end. He was sure Mycroft could even figure out... "You know," John said, casually, "you really should stop treating Sherlock as if he were a kid."
"Perhaps you should open the windows, smoking in here was not a good idea after all, was it?" the bold man stood up and opened the window behind Mycroft's desk, a rush of clear air entered the office. This was the last time that he would talk to this man probably, he knew what was coming. "Better?" he asked.
"Hmm..." Sherlock groaned as John remained on his knees, trying to breathe normally, then untangling his legs from John's waist, they fell heavily on the mattress.
"That's happening to you a lot lately." She stated looking at him, he lifted his gaze and they both smiled. "Is this about your flatmate again?"
When Sherlock had scanned John this morning, when he had called for him to let him know about his discovery of the numbers in the card, white little letters told him a lot about the doctor. The blue, sleeveless sweatshirt that exposed his well formed triceps and a little of chest hair, the stubble on his face, the devilish grin he had in his features when he noted that his first word in the morning had been his own name... all of that exposed to Sherlock how insecure John felt with Armand being around. Because, in the morning, John had been a whole display of masculinity. Rough, mature manliness, if we compare him to Armand's. Even though his eyes, his talking, his whole body language exposed that John was actually a little fond of the guy. Besides, there was the
In the mirror, their reflections were looking at each other now. He saw his own reflection forming and calling the other’s name just the once.
John waited as Lestrade talked to someone in the facility, on the phone it could be heard how they searched room after room. Sherlock tapped his fingers on the table impatiently, then he started to pace, he observed as Lestrade waited with the phone over his ear, the DI could hear all the rustle and in the meanwhile he frowned at Sherlock. "Take a seat will you? You're making me nervous pacing around. This might take a while."
"You know getting close to him is not good. James Moriarty wants him dead, ruined, you're aware of that..." he made a pause. Mycroft blinked slowly "...what am I saying, of course you're aware of that... it was you in the end who gave him the information about Holmes the younger."
He crawled over John and reached for the drawer of his bedside table. He opened it and searched blindly. He found Mrs. Hudson's bottle of lotion and he almost laughed out loud, despite his aroused state. He let the bottle over the stand and straddled John over the bed at his torso height, his own arousal touching John's stomach. He bended over and inhaled, once again, the scent on John's neck. He couldn't help but kiss there, all the way to John's mouth until he kissed him fully. John slowly started to kiss him back, his movements were lazy and soft, the sliding of tongues was wet and hot, until Sherlock felt John's hands going up to tangle in his hair, and started to pull again, John made Sherlock head to tilt back and their mouths separated with a noise of Sherlock's gasp.
"No, no. Sherlock. It's not about the other day... it's just..." John stared down at his cup of tea and sighed, heavily and tiredly. "I was so upset today. And then you were there, and everything was right..." John straightened his back and said, firmly "Okay, I'll just say it. It bothered me so much the bloke calling you a freak, it always does. Even when that...
“Do tell Celia to take care of her, and to add a splash of vanilla to her porridge, she developed a liking to it.”
The Holding (Sherlock’s name) always brought only sad memories (his ribs have been hurting, his eye had still been blurry, his hands were still shaking), so he never really counted that, since it was him holding – comforting - John in a not so particularly platonic way.
Sherlock wanted to massage John’s hands back. Odd. He wanted to move his thumbs over John’s wrists. He wanted to massage John’s arms too, he wanted to squeeze his oily skin.
They both giggled shortly. John rolled to his side, wincing a bit at the pain in his behind. He couldn't help but giggle again.
Sherlock sighed, his thumbs stopping. “Waiting. Let’s wait for this case to come to an end. Let’s wait if you want... even without the… stimulants.”
Sherlock's lips involuntarily curved up a bit. His mind was in a rare state of pause, not really thinking about anything but only concentrating on the hand tangled in his curls and the soft breathing of his companion under him. A couple of seconds later, he was sleeping peacefully.
They were on a case, and Sherlock didn't do experiments during a case, unless they were case related... what could he be up to? Was he burning the card? Unlikely. Was he... making breakfast? Even more unlikely.
’. “I texted Martin letting him know Wilson is innocent, and if you say my name, he’s going to give you more details.”
, instead." John gave him a small smile and returned his attention to the window and to the outside, but he still felt the heavy stare of his companion at his back.
“One of his arms encircled my… waist.” Sherlock panted a few times and continued, “Then he put the other 'round my neck, and the tips of his fingers twiddled and fondled my throat, thrilling me…” he opened his eyes and dared to look right into John’s eyes as he lifted himself on his elbows; he was completely unaware of his facial expression, nor did he want to analyse it now. Words came to his mind, words written a century ago used for furtive wanks with a book on his lap.
"John does." Sherlock said in a whispered voice "And he expresses that in every variable existent in the English language."
to be evaluated. No diabetes, no HIV, no glaucoma, no lupus and no hypertension… Hamish, can I count on you to follow through a patient evaluation? I know you wanted a break from medical treatments, but this is really important for us, one of our star-products. It is still a thing about aesthetic, though.”
“One more product to test. I believe we’re not missing many products now,” Sherlock said trying to concentrate on another thing that wasn’t John who was about to massage his legs.
The cab stopped in front of 221B. Sherlock got out and opened the door. Mrs. Hudson was in the bakery, there was no one else around and he found the peace of the flat alarming. He thought he was seeing ghosts everywhere, almost paranoid. He walked upstairs slowly and opened the door carefully, everything he was doing was cautious.
"Yes!" Sherlock tossed John his phone with the text so he could read it, turning around, heading for Lestrade's office again. As soon as John caught it he frowned when he realised there were only two contacts; his and Mycroft's number. It was new, the last time he saw Sherlock's phone there were over hundred contacts. When he lifted his gaze Sherlock was already turning to Lestrade's office, he jogged to catch up.
John only heard a murmur over the phone and Mycroft's quick replies "Who? Philip Smith?", "Oh God...", "Right, if Armand is with Xavier at the Yard, you can only retain the later for forty-eight hours...", "Don't tell Philip", "No, Armand is not going to be interrogated", "Don't allow Philip to get in touch with her."
, and was very well acclimatized to uncomfortable spaces... he didn't like the idea of being secluded in there, for who knows how long. Not in a confined space with Sherlock.
“And aroused,” John added, absentmindedly taking his phone from his pocket and checking messages so he couldn’t see Sherlock nervous blinking.
“But that's momentary, you know? You were going to get bored in the end, so you should thank me..." there was pause before the voice talked again, "everything changes now, Sherlock... you allow John to become your heart and I told you clearly: I'm going to burn the heart out of you and I'm going to enjoy when I see that face of yours contort with fear and hurt for the first time... you were terrified also when you were drugged but now it's going to be different, you know?"
"It's impossible you can remember the painting if you were there only once..." Donovan's voice made John turn his head at her immediately, his hand became a fist between his chest and his arm, "unless you were there more than once..."
There was a pause. Sherlock held his breath when John came closer and put his hand over his on the table.
Making a last effort to call John, he concentrated in exhaling the air through his vocal cords, there was an animalistic sound as a result.
"Right. Okay." John gave a step back. The younger man felt cold without the caress, he  gulped as he saw John turning his back to him.
"Are you bringing your gun?" Sherlock asked, suddenly changing the topic and turning around to get his scarf.
“Sherlock,” John said with his Captain Watson voice. “Look. I told you, yesterday. I don’t mind if I have to…” He inhaled quickly through his nose, his eyes were burning into Sherlock’s, his mouth was set and his tone was dangerously clipped. Sherlock already knew how to recognise this: John didn’t like a change when he had already set his mind. “Look, if this case is already getting ridiculous – because it has – I’m going to go along with it. If the gathering of information this time means I’m massaging you, so be it. Lay down and enjoy it. I’m not holding back unless you hate it.”
Chloe Hilton showed up at 9 pm behind a small tree, outside her and Elsie Patrick’s residence; a big house with a vast green area surrounding it. Even if it was clear she was the woman in the photos Sherlock had shown John earlier, the vitality she showed in them was lost to a pale face and weary eyes, even when her whole face came to life when her eyes fell on Sherlock.
Sherlock smiled and John’s eyes went to Sherlock and then to Mycroft under his frown. Definitely, something to be left to experts.
A waitress gave him a funny look when he clapped a single time in realisation. His eyes were wide open and the "oh!" that had been heard around the place was his, surprisingly. He only realised because the three customers besides him in the cafe were looking at him with a frown. He nearly laughed out loud. It was the same way Sherlock was always looked at when doing something out of place in a public place... or in the Yard, oh hell, or in the flat. How many times didn't he, John Watson, looked at Sherlock like that? He couldn't help a grin.
He wanted to say thank you, but it was not even close to enough. He needed to give Sherlock something back for now. He wanted to ease that insecurity he had learnt to detect. He schooled his face to neutral when he noticed how deep of a frown he was sporting.
"God, Sherlock. It looks pretty bad." As John started to clean the wound, he noticed Sherlock was distracted. "You really
“Shlock!” Rosie called from the chair and Sherlock actually jumped a bit. The noise of a car stopping could be heard in front of the flat.
John snorted. That's why the girl had been getting closer and closer to him, sure thing, hearing all those attributes from Sherlock had raised her hopes up.
A couple of minutes passed and none of them seemed to want to move. Sherlock's forehead still rested on John's left shoulder.
"Good!" he exclaimed nodding approvingly. A smile crossed James' features as he watched one of the once blank monitors in front now showing the inside of 221b, there was the door, an arm chair with the Union Jack cushion and a piece of a leather chair in front. "I like that leather chair..." he purred with a sigh. He knew his plan was running smoothly. A blonde woman grinned to the camera, waved and mouthed the word
"It was necessary, believe me." John said lifting one eyebrow and shaking his head with a smile, Armand snorted at that, "they confused us once already... now, why do you think it's a
But now, after the shift at the hospital, he had the flat to himself. Mrs. Hudson had informed him she would be out for a few days and Sherlock… who knows what he was up to. John rose from his armchair and walked to Sherlock's bedroom. He had been there lots of times before but he still knocked. There was no answer. He opened the door and saw his coat and his usual clothes on the bed. The wardrobe was open and he saw lots of clothes scattered around the floor. He sighed. He wanted to put some order to this mess but he was way too worn out for that.
“And what…” John cleared his throat and tried again, the table had started to make a noise as they moved against it. He thought about how juvenile this was, dry-humping against a table, but he couldn’t care less. “What do you want?”
"We don't have time, John. We need to-" Lestrade stopped. They heard engines sounds, motorcycles sounds. Plenty of them.
"I'm not the one endangering him, Mr. Holmes... if Sherlock finds the truth, the ones falling down is going to be people in your side... my father's side..."
In these nocturnal conversations, he’d perceived clearly Sherlock’s influence on her speech; the words she was memorising and, of course, in the deduction area. Sometimes she would say “
John snorted, really, sometimes he just couldn't understand Sherlock. "As I told you, right here." He made pressure with his finger, and took his hand away, letting it rest over the sheet, "and it's connected to the hypothalamus, which has the connections for the nervous system... so if you stimulate part of the system, it is reflected in the hypophysis, which is in charge of releasing for example, all kind of hormones-"
"John… thank you for taking care of me… and for thinking so highly of me." Sherlock's voice was deep but sweet. It had something John had never heard but it made his heart ache. He felt his chest burning at the simple but honest gesture.
The situation was awkward; they both knew it and they both felt it. Even when nothing had changed there were many things unsaid, Sherlock was still haunted by his dream and his own personality and logic. And there was also the foreign feeling of home, the feeling of... John not only getting into his mind, which he was already used to, but also getting into his skin now, into the deepest parts of his mind. He really couldn't place a name for all this. His mind palace was destabilized and his body refused to do many things.
"I'm checking anyway." John released Sherlock from his grip, Sherlock did the same. Both were a little breathless but neither of them said a word about it."Go get yourself comfortable and I'll examine your back... you can get that massage too if you behave." He added.
in the army for god's sake; guys making out in the rooms or tents. But at the moment, nothing was bad enough to disturb him. His mind was blocked-up then, leaving emotions completely out of it. But
Once alone in there, he stood long minutes with his palms over the sink, unable to look at the mirror; he didn't want to look at himself, he only glanced shortly and noticed the red of his cheeks and then again, he was incredibly embarrassed. One could think that being alone those things didn't have to happen. Why would he be embarrassed when no one could see him? He had no idea, but he still was. His heart rate incremented as he stayed there; his hands still with a firm grip on the edge of the sink. Sherlock was in his mind in repeat mode, he could clearly hear the moans, the panting, the demanding and the naive insecurity. The rush of power he felt over the younger man for the first time, but he still let him lead the whole... session. Even with those feelings, he felt like they were equals for the first time. Sherlock would respond just like him to his stimulation and that had him... fascinated?
"The cab ride was bad enough." He said snorting, his shoulders shaking, his face with a huge grin. John burst into a new tight fit of laughter.
"Oh I don’t know, I can imagine you as a paediatrician." They walked upstairs and John put the bags on the table. "You're a
"It's not about what you need, John, it's about what I want. And I want to be able to protect you this time…" Sherlock voice broke a little and after taking a gulp of air he started "I couldn't live with myself if anything happened to you."
“Pass me that wet towel.” Sherlock inhaled sharply and grabbed a chair next to him, all nervous energy again. “I think we didn’t use this chair today except when we threw our clothes on it, did we?”
“Oh, you’re gonna pay for this,” John said, amused once again at Sherlock’s quick change in demeanour. He was now the smug, flirty William Scott. “Can’t believe I’m going to say this. This never happened, alright? You have two minutes to give me a reason to touch your arse, before…” He made a gesture to the computer, “before the thirty minutes of the session are over.”
But John couldn't stop staring. Maybe, under different circumstances he might try to restrain himself but not now, not in the state his body was in. He could tell Sherlock had come. He found it weird at first, seeing as he had only touched himself a little bit and wasn't doing it at the
texting. At the thought, she felt a bit betrayed. As a woman, to be interested in a man and failing at win him over because she was competing to another man... was a little frustrating. Still, she and John had talked it through and they became
Sherlock's lips curved a little and they stayed in the same position for a couple of minutes. None of them wanted to interrupt the loved tranquillity they shared, but soon Sherlock broke the silence.
Sighing, Sherlock put his palm over the back of John's hand, interlacing their fingers. He gave John's hand a squeeze, the smile they had been wearing turned into something more serious simultaneously. They stared at each other's eyes for a long time. There were so many things unsaid. They both knew they probably looked a little ridiculous. But between so many people, the dark lights, the loud music, anything else mattered very little. They could feel how their pulses went mad against each other, they could even feel the sweaty palms. But that wasn't really important.
. He tried to suppress it, but he knew he couldn't and he asked himself when did his mind started to have a life on its own. Maybe that's what they called to '
friend. Red evil-John answered back that it didn't matter, since Sherlock started it so he was at fault as well. Yes, but still it was
Sherlock stared at the phone with a frown. It was the same hot line he had called before. Deep in his mind, he had the hope for it to be a different one.
When Sherlock was leaving the spa, he came face to face with a man; six feet tall, between thirty-six and thirty-nine years old, light-brown hair, amicable smile, golden-brown skin, well-kept stubble and brown eyes.
"What took you so long?" Mycroft asked from his desk, there was a faint light over it, a few papers and folders. Sherlock scanned the room in less than a second; a few security cameras, a coffee machine, a drinkable water tank next to it and also a clean ashtray over the desk, a cigarette holder and a lightener.
His movements were confined to the small space he had between the table and the chair and, when Sherlock’s first arm came free from the dressing gown, he looked at it for a couple of seconds as if following a vein right from the wrist to the inside of the elbow. The marks from the past drug abuse were almost completely faded now. John had seen those; they had been awful a year ago. But at least those
, two;" Sherlock proceeded pointing at the digits on the card, "means the first option, which was 'woman press one, man press two'. So
, yes: information. He thought about a lot of things he read in the books. There were many ways to make a person to regain confidence back; to praise them, to give them a present, to show interest in something they do or know... he had tried last night with the snoring. It wasn't the main purpose of his late night’s visit but he had taken the chance. The problem was, most importantly, that John could lose track in the investigation. If things got ugly, Sherlock knew people would be probably waiting for them at the facility. In a very bad scenario, there would be guns involved; there would be people's life at stake. And Sherlock knew John had a weakness for those. He needed to put John together before they got to the place. Many solutions danced around his mind.
“I suspected.” Sherlock cleared his throat. “Some of them are pretty graphic, even if you can barely notice who is there, so I am going to have to ask you that only you and Greg have access to them. Until the case is closed, at least.” He finished with a flourish of his hand in Martin’s direction and had to close his eyes tightly when the fabric of his shirt grazed his chest at the movement. John’s touch was immediately conjured.
Sherlock didn't reply, a loud sigh from the younger one was heard and soon the air was filled with the smell of fresh coffee. Mycroft handed him a steaming cup and soon Sherlock was grimacing as he burned his tongue.
John stopped for a microsecond, his eyes roaming from curls to toes. Sherlock felt so naked that he also stopped walking. But it was over soon when John spoke.
your skin with my tongue..." Another moan was heard. This one was more intense but Sherlock didn't feel a thing yet. "Are you wearing any clothes?"
John pressed the side of his face to Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock knew his heart was beating loud and fast. John reached for the slides, placed them against his palm and made his open hand travel from Sherlock’s hip to his calf, hiding the slides safely in Sherlock’s left sock. Sherlock’s leg was lifted in the process, his left ankle pressing against the back of John’s right thigh.
He sipped his tea and his phone emitted the message ringtone. He sighed, he knew it was Sherlock, the bloody phone sounded like Sherlock; he didn't want to read it, he was almost certain it would be something along the lines of
John smirked and nodded silently, eyes fixed in the detective who looked for a couple of seconds like a little, lost child. The expression in Sherlock's eyes – not the rest of his face – was pretty similar to the one he had that time in the pool. John's stomach had a knot inside as he remembered and looked around the lab trying to distract himself. When his gaze landed on Sherlock's face again the detective was completely composed, his face and eyes back to the normal emptiness that it had held before and John, the good doctor, felt this inexplicable rage inside him again.
John noted how, as he was thinking about Sherlock, his features were drawing a frown that went deeper each passing minute. He was doing what the detective used to do; compare data. Now, with the new case at hand, the one they had solved, he knew Moriarty had a plan for later. He would protect his friend. No matter the cost. Even if he had to lie, even if he had to play along Mycroft, he would protect Sherlock. He didn't want to be in the same position again, like that time at the pool. That time, John had felt weak. He had felt powerless against Moriarty, when his accomplices had arranged the bombs all over him, when they dragged him to the pool, when they told him the exact words he had to tell Sherlock
"What is wrong with him?" Lestrade asked to John as they saw how Sherlock tried hard to focus his eyes on them.
"And John? Well Johnny boy is the brighter part of you now. Your... little... heart. You let him control you because he lets you control him. Isn't it beautiful?"
"No. Sherlock, I am a grown man, I was in the army for God's sake, I can take care of myself, I told you." John tried to free himself from the grip, but Sherlock was strong and quick, so this time he grabbed his wrist and kept on walking, John resisted but soon followed.
He tried to open his eyes but it was nearly impossible; his eyelids felt terribly heavy and so his head that now hung pressing his chin almost over his chest. With a big mental effort, he could open one of his eyes a bit; the only thing he saw was a red glowing dot floating over his chest. He lifted his head slowly, feeling sticky with sweat, clothes plastered to the skin. He didn't know where he was, the only thing for granted was the weight of his eyelids, the pain in the thighs for being kneeling for so long and the pain in the wrists which were tied up firmly at the small of his back.
“Love's rite…” Sherlock moaned aloud, muffled by the pillow, his hand stroking the fabric shouldn’t have felt that good. “John…”
. He was used to his friend's stare already, sometimes himself even would be staring back at John with no apparent reason. But by his peripheral view, he saw John's eyes dancing from his toes to his head and that made his mind fly back to that night. That intimate night. The Night that didn't want to be erased from his mind palace.
"I don't know him..." Sherlock lied again, "...but it's a good thing you think of me as a handsome man, isn't?" he smiled and then added, "And this other guy,
As soon as he got closer to Chloe and Elsie’s room, he sniffed out of curiosity at the new smell – a small part of his brain reproaching him, will he ever learn…! – He was hit by the strong scent of cinnamon, grass, lemon and parsley. All of them strong scents to cover for another. A sweet aroma underneath but completely unidentified. At the same time, Sherlock’s brain was processing Chloe’s
"I can try to convince him…" John said. Deep inside, if what Armand said was true, John didn't have the heart to take the money from this guy.
Suddenly, another thought appeared in John's mind. The homeless man from the gang. Was it really Mycroft's doing? He had said, so many times that he cared about Sherlock... John could actually understand that. Way back, he and Harry often had gone into big fights regarding her safety, until John grew tired of them.
John’s face turned crimson but his eyes rested on Sherlock without hesitancy, he nodded. “I think I noticed.”
"Yes." The detective answered, still his glance over John’s face. "I was just wondering... how can I convince you to massage me again?" Sherlock seemed inquisitive. John's eyes danced along Sherlock's face, surprise was evident on the doctor's face.
With the new position, Sherlock was able to look at John's back and the spot where a bullet had gone through John's body, down there was a lovely shape of hipbones finding each other and bellow that, John's well formed and firm buttocks. Sherlock, still standing next to the bed, placed his hand and started to touch as calculatingly as he could not to wake John but just enough to give him raw sensations in his sleep. He was fascinated when he saw goose bumps this time on John's back, arms and legs.
But Sherlock’s open mouth was against his jaw and the side of his neck and he was panting hard and his hips were following John’s tempo with ease so John’s warning died for the time being. Sherlock’s teeth graced his stubble a few times, a tongue made a few appearances against his skin. But John knew they had to stop - or move - when he heard humming downstairs.
"So you're going to stay here... resting, whilst I do the dirty work." John nodded with a resigned smirk.
Sherlock smirked and lifted his gaze to John again. "Of course I am right. I told you, it's not Mrs. Hudson I'm concerned about."
After a couple of minutes, they hid behind a bush to prevent being seen. Sherlock started eyeing the setting; there was a camera pointing to the entry. Sherlock mentally drew a map with a path to not be spotted by it and get to the back side safe and sound; apparently the facility was less guarded at the back than the front side. John made a gesture to Sherlock with his index finger pointing to the ground, there were vehicles’ tracks marks leading to the same spot Sherlock was thinking about before.
John joined several blank papers from his notepad together, creating one big, long piece of paper and he wrote in the side of it:
"Interesting." John nodded while looking at some point in front. "I saw a video on the net a long time ago, about a bloke who entered a giant fridge-like camera. They also put a steak in there. After several minutes, the steak was frozen but the man wasn't... want to watch it? I'm sure I can still find it..." he said pointing to the laptop in front.
John seemed indifferently; he kept on eating just eyeing Sherlock a couple of times. The detective knew John was paying attention anyway. Armand was still immobile. Sherlock was waiting for an answer from any of the two.
"Okay then... what are you wearing right now?" The question was vulgar, Sherlock though, but it wasn't misplaced in the context.
"Good!" James chuckled a bit, "remember to lower your voice, it's got to sound..." he gestured with his hands, as if Phillip was watching, "insanely sexy."
He had fallen asleep on his back, arms by his sides, almost at the edge of the bed. He wanted tea. Badly. He changed to a sitting position and looked down at himself. He was shirtless, his stomach was sticky with a dry white substance now combined with his own sweat, his own semen... and probably John's as well. His trousers were still open at the front and there was a mess of fabric there. He had to support himself in his arms at the realization. It was really true, he and John had... touched each other last night, they had even... kissed. Sherlock's eyes couldn't be wider now, he was panting lightly, surprised.
His doctor mind insisted to go check on Sherlock but some other part also insisted on giving him a little privacy. He had fought and won even in a very obvious state of arousal, so he should be fine, now should he?
“Add another variable to your flow chart. I might have to massage you… for real… if we want to use the other products.” John walked away to clean his hands, took another bottle and smeared a bit on the third slide. “Yellow is mint and green tea. This is the last one I can use for this session. There are products for neck rubs, back, chest for male and a tightening one for female breasts, legs, cellulitis, there are two or three that I have to ask for directly from Abby... there are… even…”
Sherlock sighed. "Oh, John..." he said in a breathy tired tone, John's stomach stirred completely at it; it was ignored. “How I would love to live in that little mind of yours... so naive..."
Seconds later, half his finger was in and the back part of his head screamed in rage how moronic this whole situation was again. He could have even cried in shame but there was no stopping now. A second finger was in and he had to clench his lips together before opening them again to take a long gulp of air.
Sherlock sighed. “Regarding the first, everyone knows I don’t work exclusively for the Yard.” He straightened in his seat and grabbed a full glass of water John hadn’t noticed was beside the microscope, took a big gulp and added, “About the second, William only allows Hamish the massage bit.”
“Just Billy. We’re supposed to have been working together for years!” Craig gesticulated in the air. Sherlock only frowned and his eyes went to the door where Abby was coming in.
Those last days had been odd; he allowed his mind go through a few moments shared with Sherlock after the case that kept repeating in his head;
"A lawless town, John, I knew that. I also noted the cabbie was a homosexual man, he has an established relationship with a younger man. I didn't know what the man was talking about though, but it was a good way to obtain information. And
John smiled taking the hand the man offered and shook it hard. His eyes still little and his lips forming a discomforted line because of the light.
“Let’s see,” Mrs Hudson showed no signs of wanting to get up from John’s chair. “I take five slides and hide them before passing them to John. I ask for a green tea-based antioxidant massage for my feet. Then I leave the slides with Jo-" Sherlock frowned in warning. "Hamish.”
"I am not. I am, after all, your older brother. Not a threat, only an advice. I do care for your well being."
The surprise and anger in Sidney’s eyes left plenty of milliseconds for Sherlock to release the man’s grip on one of his wrists, grab Sidney’s jar from her hand and spill the contents of the scented liquid over his captor and Sidney’s eyes in a whoosh. Both shouted in shock. With quick movements, Sherlock grabbed a blanket from the bed and threw it over them, successfully trapping Sidney and his mysterious attacker.
John played nervously with his glass, his leg fluttered up and down in a nervous gesture. Sherlock took the hint.
"So, Chinese? Italian?" Sherlock was walking away again. John shook his head and tried to calm his breathing. If Sherlock saw it or not he never knew; he put his index and middle finger on his left wrist and checked his pulse. It was going too fast. His mouth felt dry and, once again, he cleared his throat.
There was a little rattle in the kitchen, as if John had let a spoon fall on the table. “You’re joking.”
"Well, Sherlock... let's see... for starters, the hypophysis, a shorter name, is right here," John moved his index finger to Sherlock's nape, he stopped and frowned, "did you take another shower?"
"Good..." John cleared his throat since his voice didn't come out the way he wanted and repeated "... good thing we found a use for the lotion."
"Sherlock?" the doctor called as soon as he opened the door of the flat, there was no answer and it was extremely silent, Mrs. Hudson was nowhere to be seen, she probably was with Mrs. Turner. He sighed and turned on the light over the desk and moved to the kitchen to turn on the kettle.
“Violin,” John said, breaking the silence as he touched a rough spot at the tip of Sherlock’s ring finger.
from Abby’s office. It was clearly a photo taken aiming to be unnoticed. Sherlock’s hand was trembling a bit so he retrieved it quickly from John’s face.
"Great. I am Sherlock Holmes' personal teddy bear now." John cleared his throat and moved a little on the couch.
“This one,” Rosie pointed to a photograph on her screen that looked awfully similar to the photograph next to her.
"I assume you're not aware of everything that's happening here, John..." right in that moment, a waitress approached them. Mycroft remained silent. John asked for another tea, just to prolong the moment; to shake the older Holmes a little off his comfort zone. Mycroft asked for a black coffee, and proceeded as soon the waitress turned her back to them. "I told you before: my brother is a very important personality..." John frowned at that, placing his mug on the table. Mycroft just carried on, "... he is brilliant. But I think you have a better hold of his..." Mycroft closed his eyes a bit, and managed a very poetic face, "...emotional integrity... if you might call it that way."
her…" Sherlock stopped, again his face inches from John's, his voice deep and throaty, "…and every time you come home, you find an erotic scene with me and some random naked woman spread all over me… or
Sherlock and John's eyes were glued to the screen now. They were, either too lazy to do something else, or had finally come to a conclusion of how childish this whole thing was. Mrs. Hudson was enjoying the game and, John knew, Sherlock loved the lady, she was close like a mother to him.
He sat on a bench next to a very large tree, supported his elbows on his knees and stretched his back a little, moving his shoulder blades forward, a little groan escaping his throat as he did that. A homeless sat at the other corner of the bench, completely covered in a blanket.
There was a hand grabbing his hair and throwing his head back roughly, a hot breath over his ear, a presence behind him, fabric touching his bare back.
It was too late. Sherlock quickly took a hold of his wrist and stretched John's arm enough to reach the armpit. He moved his fingers teasingly over his jumper and John burst in laughter and gasps. The doctor was trying to regain his arm back, but it was a difficult task being now restrained by the strong, controlled man next to him. That, plus his weakened state caused by the tickling.
"Amazing..." John swallowed and withdrew his hand from the other's hair and placed them on the other's upper arms with a faint pressure. "Sherlock..."
John smiled and sat on the coffee table in front of Sherlock with the first aid kit, the piece of fabric was off, so he could take a look at the injury.
With still a firm grip, Sherlock rubbed his hands up and down all the way from John's shoulders to his elbows. John didn't know where to put his hands, but when he realized about them, they were clenching and relaxing at his sides in an absent nervous gesture.
one is a lot less comfortable than this one. If you want me walking and moving in a while leave my arse where it is, thank you.
Ten minutes left, so he washed his hands, took a deep breath, thought of Anderson and marched down the stairs to take Rosie from Mrs Hudson.
Sherlock drew a shaky breath and tilted his head slightly to the right. “I know. So am I.” There was a small pause. “But...?”
"Yes. John? Meet Mr. Henry Fishguard." Sherlock said with a comical smile, his open hand pointing the dummy.
Sherlock swallowed silently a sudden lump he felt in his throat. Armand didn't miss this detail, but he ignored it, returning his attention to the detective and the doctor.
First thing they had to do, according to Sherlock, was to go to the port to check out that boat. They took a cab and rode for about half an hour. As soon as they got there, the weather got horrible. Even when it was early in the afternoon, it was dark and grey and, being next to the water, the wind felt far chillier than downtown. John turned the collar of his jacket up, zipped it all the way up, and dunked his nose into it. He stuffed his hands in his pockets, safe from the cold.
"John, phone Lestrade..." he said, his eyes looking for his phone. "Tell him a new boat will be arriving tomorrow." He handed the paper to John. "And give him this list. Tell him to search for those vehicles. Tonight."
, to scan. Those extraordinary words were coming from the extraordinary man in front of him. The firm doctor, the secure and loyal John. Nerves of steel John Watson. The soldier, the doctor, the friend, the heart.
John's hand reached down to open Sherlock's trousers. Observing intently at any reaction from the man below, he touched the erection above the fabric of his boxers and pulled it out slowly and carefully, trying not to get distracted by the ministrations on his own cock.
He opened the door and was rewarded with John's silhouette under the duvet, he was sleeping on his right facing the door.
Slowly, a grin formed on the face of the tall man, he stretched a bit again and walked away saving the phone inside his shirt pocket.
"Good... morning...?" Sherlock greeted with a confused expression. They looked at each other and soon there was a burst of nervous giggles.
“Well, open it and sit, I don’t mind.” Sherlock snorted softly, his voice betraying nothing of his troubled heart. “But if you’re uncomfortable you can also kip in the bathtub if you’d rather,” he added with a flourish of his hand, the same Rosie had come to imitate so well.
” finally calmed her down enough to stop struggling and support herself on her feet. She was panting and trembling like a leaf.
“No,” Wilson pointed out. “My nephew was in love with Abby but then he learned she went for women but didn’t give up. He was helping her to put her business together but then he learned about the PIEDRA issue and left the clue for whomever was going to investigate her. He almost died a few weeks later, stomach problems, they said. Since Abby tried to kill him, I used my contacts to put him under a witness protection programme. I knew about PIEDRA but didn’t have anything in my hand to prove it because it leaves no traces for the standard tests. It was the same way my very good friend Patrick - even though he was a criminal - and his wife died. I followed Elsie to protect her. So when she came to London I thought she was going to be safe until I learned Slaney was in the UK, too. I always knew Elsie was threatened by her.”
“Well,” Sherlock sat straighter in his chair, his half-arousal somewhat tamed for now. “That’s kind of you, Martin, but” he placed his joined hands in front of his lips and said, “First, I don’t work for the Yard and second, we
"Sherlock!" Lestrade jabbed Sherlock's arm with his elbow, trying to shut him up. The detective smirked.
"Is that so? Well! My nickname is guinea pig, you know..." she laughed, it was really a lovely voice. Sherlock was impressed with both: the stupid but ice-breaker comment and the soft yet sensual voice. He smirked and she asked, "...what can I do for you, handsome?"
…’ He shook his head. The sink! Focus! Two products for hand washing. One of them was an antibacterial gel from a known brand. They had the same brand in the bathroom. Check later. The second was a parsley-scented soap. Why parsley?
John twisted his head around and brought a hand up to pull Sherlock's lips to his own, and events proceeded rapidly from there. A handful of fast thrusts and his climax crashed over him, a breaking wave of fire. He held John through those frightening moments when his mind was nothing but a featureless sea of sensation, held tightly to his infallible anchor, and came safely through to languid pleasure and the return of thought on the other side.
“Evening,” Greg said, and wished like hell he could think of something else to say. “Uh, buy you a drink?” Damn it, wrong way 'round, and he inwardly winced and kicked himself.
, who always makes things better (in spite of her indiscriminate slaughter of gentle commas).  Please shower them with praise and sympathy, because they have to put up with me.  All mistakes, blunders, and errors in judgement are my own.
The leather jacket still fit, though not as snugly through the shoulders anymore and a little tight over the belly if Greg zipped it up. It was 22 degrees out and zipping would have been ridiculous anyway.
to participate then surely it was infinitely better to be the one doing the choosing (although participation could likely be circumvented with sufficient willpower. Many things could).
of confusing wet dreams to figure out: that he wasn't quite as straight as he'd believed himself to be, and worse, was tight in the pants for this mad, brilliant, unpredictable fucktard of a man.
It would be the formal sitting room for the confrontation, of course.  Very dramatic stage-setting there, all the trappings of power and status.  Likely Fitzhugh had already started on the brandy, confident of his victory.
happen, regardless of what it takes to prevent it." John was a soldier; he would understand that was permission to use deadly force if necess—
He gave his How Can You Possibly Expect Me to Clutter My Hard Drive With Such Inconsequential Trivia shrug.
Well, if Fitzhugh wanted a show, Mycroft would give it to him.  “The dead are beyond offense, and what do soldiers die in the name of, if not peace?” He'd have to risk pouring the decanter, even as unsteady as his hands were.  He needed an excuse to keep facing away from Fitzhugh; the man wasn't quite ready to shoot him in the back and the longer Mycroft could keep him talking, the longer the brandy would have to take effect. “You'd rather we keep fighting, keep throwing bodies into that charnel house?  The
John had not taken into account that however alert he felt after the shower, he was still desperately sleep deprived and entering his third day without a REM cycle.
John woke the next morning to discover Sherlock had curled himself on the sofa like a greyhound and again wedged his knee into John's crotch. He had a moment of nostalgia for Afghanistan, when all he'd had to worry about were scorpions, the occasional lion, and being shot at. Things were simpler then.
"Hunh. Well, that solves the mystery—" Sherlock made an inarticulate sound of protest at the term "—of why you'd be applying for a license when we hadn't even slept together then. I did wonder."
He regarded the state-of-the-art phone within, snarled, and threw the packaging into the fire John had kept roaring all day, wishing he could consign the damned phone to the flames as well. At last, with very poor grace, he submitted to the inevitable and slotted John's old chip into the thing.
"One thing. I had one thing to give you. It meant something to me. My choice to say yes was the one thing I had to give and you took that and made it meaningless. Saying yes was the whole
told him he'd been obeyed. “Twitch and you'll go through the rest of your short and painful life missing your depth perception.” He pressed his right thumb in slightly harder and reached for the gun to his left.
"Bully for you; I was eight and I wasn't, so she explained it in a way I could understand. She said if you shook up a chrysalis, you'd disrupt the process and only ever have a cocoon of goo. She also told me that when the butterfly hatched, I couldn't blow on its wings to dry them faster so it could fly sooner, because it took time for them to straighten out and they had to stay moist until then or they'd be deformed."
My dear beta did make me aware that John's gun as shown in the series is not a Browning, despite Moriarty's description in The Great Game, but rather a Sig Sauer. I chose to stick with Browning for various reasons. Blame me, not her.
John's fingers stroked the fabric of their own volition. "Can't be burned. Can't be torn, either, or eaten away with acid. There isn't a scale high enough to rate its ballistic protection properties. This jacket...Sherlock, it's, it's not a fashion statement, it's body armour. If I'd had one of these in Afghanistan, I'd've had a bruised shoulder and a story to tell at the pub instead of that mess that's there now."
with track marks up his arms (who had incidentally pointed out three small but really sodding important clues his team had missed at the murder scene) behind to live or die. Didn't understand why he'd wrapped him in a spare jacket, bullied him into the car and driven around with the heater all the way up until he'd stopped shaking so hard Greg could hear his teeth chatter. Didn't understand why he'd later nearly force-fed him a hamburger with chips and three cups of hot coffee and watched him eat with the manners of a bloody earl, had even later shoved him into the shower at his own flat and pretended not to see the flicker of relief in those strange eyes when he'd told him he'd be sleeping on the sofa.
"If you're going to manipulate me at least try not to be so bloody obvious about it." Anger was so much easier to deal with than longing and loss, so familiar. He knew what to do with anger, how to press it down and hold it primed and ready and waiting. He knew how to be both angry and calm. "There's something else, too, you know. If we do this, there'll be expectations, pressures, assumptions from the people around us, influencing us. Things will change, and we're not ready for that."
“Once more: I volunteered to come with you. Voluntarily. Of my own volition. Do you understand? I. Am. Here. Willingly. I do not need to be tied up to prevent me from leaving because I. Want. To. Be. Here.”
When he eventually spoke, John said quietly, “I didn't realise it was still so hard for you,” and Sherlock's heart gave two great, sickening pounds and then clenched tight and small beneath his breastbone.
Sherlock's faint winces every time the trousers pulled across his bum at the scene the next day kindled something warm and slightly disturbing in the pit of John’s stomach. As there was a lot of bending over to examine the pieces of the body, there were a lot of winces, and John had plans for what he was going to do as soon as this case was over. God, let this be a quick one.
It was Sherlock who finally inhaled, dug his fingers into his arse, and groaned, "Oh God, John, get on with it." He drew up his knees and John said, "Do you want—?" and Sherlock said,
John really didn't need to make the second call, because he already knew. He knew but he had to hear it just in case he was wrong. He wanted so much to be wrong. Please, God, let him be wrong about this.
"Oh, Dr Stamford came by and I made him a cuppa since you weren't here. I have to say, John, he was a bit put out that you hadn't told him, seeing as he'd introduced the two of you, but I explained about Mycroft and how none of us were invited and I think he understands."
Because alphas did have a rather shitty lot in life, and John couldn't do much about that, but he could make sure any alpha he shared a heat with was safe and respected and really, really well fucked by the time he was finished. It wasn't like it was a bloody sacrifice on his part. And he loved it, oh, he
Jason looks relieved and says, “Yeah, true. She's a good girl, a good, good girl.” Pixie wags, Jason strokes her head, and they go back to Robbie's to drink lager and let the dogs play together. It's good for Casey to have company.
"Hah." Sherlock flung himself into his chair and began picking at the bun again. "See him get around
“You would see it that way.” The voice was full of loathing. That, too, was part of this grand play: the righteous indignation.  “You made peace with their killers.  You treated with those animals as if they were honourable men, you granted them concessions.  You dishonoured the memory—the
There had to be a trick to not choking on it, John thought sleepily a little while later, still lying on the floor. There were bound to be websites. He'd look it up in the mor—
"Why?" John sounded amused. He was sipping his tea and taking this far too lightly. "And what agreem—?"
John paused his two-fingered tapping ("Blog Entry: Fowl Weather Day. Swans are evil sodding shits and what the fuck is with handing ASBOs out like lollies these days? Also, hospital vending machine coffee is too bloody expensive and my knee hurts like a motherfucking bastard. Does anyone actually have to have a license to drive anymore? Also, ice—"). "What's that?"
Mycroft almost pushed it. He almost said John's trousers would have been truly ruined only if they'd been dropped on the street of that revolting alleyway as they'd been well on their way to being. He almost said it, because he had to know. It was critical he discover how vulnerable his brother was about this, how deeply a blow to that spot could strike. He almost did.
"Verisimilitude. We're supposed to be lovers; you should look as if we have sex often." John couldn't tell if he was kidding or not. The nips under his ear convinced him he didn't care.
Afterwards he offered himself shamelessly, begging loudly, silently damning the layer of rubber between them. The pillow smelt of cologne. The hands on his prick and in his mouth and deep up his arse were soft and fine and none too polite after all, and the man fucked the breath out of him with a thoroughness bordering on greed.
"This will dope him up a bit," the doctor cautioned Greg. "He'll be wobbly and unco-ordinated, and he's already unsteady because of that knee so be careful to support him even if he doesn't seem to need it. Are you certain he won't take the tablets? He's going to hurt like hell tomorrow morning."
The alley smelt of piss and fermenting rubbish, rain drummed on his face (he deliberately did not think about what it was probably doing to his lovely suit), and he slumped against a wall and heaved with breathless laughter. Right there, on his left side, close enough to feel the warmth shimmering off his lanky body, Sherlock tilted his head up against the brick, feral eyes glinting, dark curls plastered to his forehead by rain and sweat. John raised questioning eyebrows, and by way of an answer Sherlock opened his hand to display a small electronic prototype bagged in—yes, that was one of John's socks.
