John looks at him in wonder, eyes soft and warm. “You really do mean that, don’t you? It never even occurred to you to walk away. Not even after what I did.” John brushes his knuckles over Sherlock’s cheek, tracing the ghosts of long healed bruises and cuts, then cups it in his hand. “You know you can ask me. For whatever it is. You deserve happiness, Sherlock. Real happiness, not playing at it. You’ve given so much. Tell me what you need. Please.”
This, perhaps, is why the humans were preoccupied with giving them names. They saw in the cut of their stone that they were unbridled, free, as chaotic and controlled as a summer storm, and they feared his kind. They had bestowed plenty of names upon them in attempt to control: angel, monster, curse, blessing, guardian, jailer--
John keeps his eyes firmly on Sherlock’s chest, never wavering, never once lifting to look Sherlock full on in the face. He wouldn’t. Not now. Not with Mary. His movements are brisk and businesslike, refusing to linger tenderly or to pause in their ministrations. Anger, barely checked, shadows John everywhere, and remorse has become its constant companion.They simmer under John’s skin, but he never explodes. Not at Sherlock, at least. Maybe it would be better if he did, lancing his own infected wound and letting all the rage finally out.
“Why? So you can play at being poor for a bit? Gonna put on some wrinkled clothes and round out your accent? It’s not another one of your goddamn experiments.”
John flinched. Where once the words were nothing more than gibberish, now they took form. “I have heard your kind say as much before.”
Unable to stand the look on Sherlock’s face any longer, John surged upwards and smashed their mouths together. Sherlock fumbled at John’s clothes and snaked a hand under his shirt. Tremors continued to shake Sherlock's frame, as if his own wound had been opened for John to see. Each of Sherlock’s movements begged for him again and again. John tightened his arms around Sherlock and stilled his trembling. With kisses and love bites, John marked his own mantra across Sherlock’s skin: “Of course. Always.”
. Humor danced in their eyes any time they said it. John was no giant, though the captain of the guard swore that the name was an honorific, not an insult.
The lift doors opened as Fantomas nodded. “I’m afraid that is partially my fault. I keep both copies of my work here at home, under twenty-four hour surveillance. It had become the worst kept secret that I had hired more security for my home. The attack you heard was only a distraction, something to keep my men busy. The true force slipped in during the chaos and made off with my prototypes. I can show you footage of the attack, though it is heavily obscured by a smoke grenade.”
Besides, John had the holidays to look forward to. Sherlock had promised that he would be coming home for Christmas. He prided himself on waiting until the day after Sherlock had returned home to drop by. After all, Sherlock’s parents would want to spend some time with their son, even if he could imagine the eyerolls that Sherlock hid under his fringe.
John tucked his wings close, draping them over his shoulders like a cloak. No matter how often he spent indoors with the humans, he could not suppress the sharp spike of fear at being trapped. His tail flicked. Memories of his first time in this room paraded through his mind: talons tearing at the stone and tail toppling the chair and table. He left out a huff. Childish. He was no hatchling. He was a warrior. A small room should be nothing to fear after facing down countless enemies and rending them apart with his bare hands. He willed his tail still.
John nodded, his eyes finally falling. Though his gaze dropped, his shoulders remained straight, his posture hard and unrelenting.
Sorry about the wait on this one. I was consumed first by mid-terms and then by the flu. Enjoy some bed sharing and a good, proper kiss, and feel free to come say hello to me over on tumblr. I go by the same nick over there as I do here.
Speech leaves Sherlock. Thought takes flight. His chest constricts. Too much. Not enough. John kisses him again, mouth, tongue, and body working together to bring Sherlock back. He gasps for air and tastes John. He grabs for him like a man lost at sea finally seeing rescue. John spares him the indignity of begging and follows him down. He hovers over Sherlock, arms braced on either side of Sherlock’s head.
“Sherlock. And you are digging through rubbish for me. I think that is a fair exchange of goods.” Sherlock (and god, what a name) drew out a set of bright yellow rubberized gloves and pulled them on. They dwarfed his skinny arms, making him look all the more ridiculous. “Well, go on then. Don’t mind me.”
John froze. It was a ridiculous suggestion. Absolutely stupid. They hadn’t exchanged words in years and now Sherlock was swooping back into his life as if nothing happened. So why did he desperately want it?
His stomach clenched at the thought. Was that what all of this had been about? Had he just thought John was something to observe and record data on? He could just imagine Sherlock running home at the end of the day to scribble more notes in his notebook. Sherlock dissected and picked at everything. Was there a page titled Test Subject: John Watson in that notebook? Surely not even Sherlock would be that cruel.
Sherlock’s parting expression carried John through the queue and back to his house. He stood in the empty foyer, bag dragging down his shoulder, and tried to ignore the quiet that filled his empty rooms. The too-clean living room looked too much like a facade trying to cover a life barren of meaning and the empty hook next to his coat too much like an accusation.
The grip on his gun tightens and an anger builds in his gut. None of it mattered. Sherlock played him like he had played so many people before. A fake smile, fake tears. Lies built upon lies and in the end, John didn’t matter to him at all. Sherlock tossed him aside like a child now bored with a broken toy. Three years he was left alone in this horrible half-life, trying to put some semblance of a life together, but it was always doomed.
But a heart also weighs sixty-three kilograms (up to seventy upon occasion—  though he denies it and tightens his belt); nine stone (give or take); one hundred forty pounds and fits just under Sherlock’s chin.
John took stock of the younger gargoyle. Usually Knight was one for caution, but the chance to explore apparently outweighed his fears. John sighed.
John sighed and waved him over. “Come here.”  When Sherlock hesitated, John walked over to him, propping his cane against a nearby chair. “Just want to check and make sure you didn’t do anything worse to yourself.” He slowly slid his hands around Sherlock throat, gently feeling and encouraging him to swallow. Sherlock popped his mouth open at John’s command and leaned forward so John could see without having to stand on his tiptoes.
John smiles and removes a lid from one of the boxes. Rosie rolls her eyes and follows suit with her own box. They quietly pass the next few minutes shifting through old bits and bobs. Memories are quick to surface with each new item he unearths: his tags, a bit worse for wear these days. An old bottle of perfume, the contents long since evaporated. Papers, so many papers, good lord, why did he even keep all of this stuff?
“Oh, the last I saw of them, they were nothing more than rock. Useful for birds nesting but not much else. Perhaps once we put the fires out, I’ll have them dragged back here to decorate the castle.” He sniffed in disdain. “I hadn’t planned on the fire, but Mary and the King put up a bit of a fight.”
“Lead the way.” Once Fantomas’s back was turned, Lestrade glanced over at Sherlock and hitched his chin in the opposite direction. Before he could complete the movement, Sherlock was already halfway down the hall, moving away from them.
“Obvious. The question is, why would they chose to actually attack? Gunfire and explosions aren’t the usual for a collection of people who spend all day at their desks.”
“Yes, I know not to touch you if you have nightmares.” Sherlock averted his gaze, acting as if the exchange was as casual as discussing what was for dinner. “Good night, John.”
The following summer, John left for the army. He convinced himself it was just like when Sherlock was away at school, but the distance grew greater between them. John diligently sent email after email, letting Sherlock know all about his training, how he looked forward to learning about being a medic. It was impossible to keep in touch all the time, not with him being so far away and Sherlock off doing his own studies. The only highlight was that ever so often John would get leave and meet Sherlock. Each time it was like meeting Sherlock anew. He committed to memory all the changes in Sherlock’s form: the way he now towered over John, the thinning of his face until his cheekbones stood out sharp and proud. He couldn’t help but worry that Sherlock was changing into something else entirely, something that he could no longer keep up with. Sherlock’s emails changed from delight at leaving behind the public school he hated so much to dark despair at finding that university was no different. John watched helplessly, thousands of miles away, and could only beg for him to stay safe. Sherlock stopped replying. The silence grew deeper between them, painted with the brush of distance and difference.
Behind closed lids, he runs. Upstairs, down hallways, through darkened dungeons, past empty graveyards where little voices sing. He bursts into one room, then the next. Redbeard barks at him and then laughs, high and happy—  a child’s laugh. He pushes past, heart kicking up in unexplained fear. There. Just up ahead: the door to the flat. Home. Warmth.
William slipped in the mud and fell to his knees. His hair lay lank and damp across his forehead, his brilliant curls sapped of color. He looked up at John. In the grey of the night, William looked nothing more than a spirit, a wisp of a memory. For a moment, John saw the earth open up, an early grave welcoming William into its embrace. He blinked and the vision was gone, leaving behind only the broken face of William staring up at him.
Far past time to move on. At least this time he is leaving London because he wants to. He is used to starting over. He’s done it before. Not the first time he has lived alone, but perhaps this time he will actually figure out what it means to live with himself with contentment.
John peels back the bandaging and tape and presses his fingers along the edge of the still healing scar. Sherlock’s heart jumps then falls, a flutter he attributes to adrenaline and exhaustion. He ignores the poet in him that says otherwise. Biology is far simpler than poetry, and less given to flights of fancy. A heart cannot be shattered. Pain is fleeting, even this one.
The shed was most definitely locked. Several times. A heavy padlock just out of John’s reach adorned the door, followed by a deadbolt a waist height, and finally yet another padlock towards the bottom. Either there were golden rakes and diamond-encrusted pottery beyond the door or Daniel fancied himself as someone who would survive an apocalypse. Probably a bunker full of canned beans and coffee eagerly awaited the day zombies walked the earth. Even the small window was covered in chicken wire and a tarp to block out any prying eyes. “That seems...excessive.”
“Because she’s a nice lady and I don’t like taking things from her.” John kept his eyes firmly on the ground.
, John prayed. His gut pitched towards the ground, certain that there was no earth below him anymore.
He takes a deep breath, screws his courage, and gets out of the car. As he approaches the porch, he spies Sherlock already waiting there for him. His feet slow as he takes in Sherlock for the first time in years. Logically, he knew it had been almost fifteen years since they last spoke at Mary’s funeral. Time passes and ages everyone, and John was certainly no exception. He knew his face was a mess of wrinkles and his thin hair was now entirely silver, slowly turning white. But in his mind, Sherlock still always looked the same: cool and distant and so very untouchable. But the man before him is human, so much so. Sherlock’s hair is not quite as silver as John’s and damn him for being more the salt and pepper type, but his face is just as lined. John loses himself in the crows feet resting around Sherlock’s eyes and the deep folds around his mouth. No longer cold marble, Sherlock’s face is a tell of a long life and one (hopefully) well-lived. Sherlock seems just as lost as he looks at John, cataloguing all the changes, from minor to major. He apparently likes what he sees because he gives a small, shy smile. John realizes that Sherlock must smile more now because the wrinkles around his mouth map out a thousand smiles, both small and grand.
As Sherlock pushes it in, the width of it flares, stretching him even further. A ridge catches on his hole and he quickly realizes which toy it is. A massive and ridiculously colored thing, ribbed all the way down and impossibly wide with a large knot towards the base. It looks more like something out of a fantasy wet-dream than anything from reality. He had purchased as a joke, something to tease Sherlock with. There is no way it will fit. Sherlock seems undeterred as he continues to slowly push the dildo into him. Panic flutters up John’s throat. It mixes in his mouth with the sharp tang of want dancing along his tongue.
“You bloody well stalked me on a dating site.” John resisted the urge to drive his finger into the other man’s chest. “You stalked me, lied to me,  and now you are asking me out on a date.”
It took him a full week to check on Sherlock. After returning back to the home with a bruised face, torn jeans, and no groceries to speak of, Mr. Carter put him on lockdown: no leaving, extra chores, in bed by nine every evening. He couldn’t even sneak off to use the phone. The only consolation was that at least that was all of his punishment. Fear had sat ugly in his chest at the thought of being shipped somewhere else, being actually locked up. It helped that the boys he had fought with apparently hadn’t uttered a peep about the fight. They were probably too afraid of looking the fool for getting their arses half-kicked by Sherlock. Still, for the next week and the days following, John walked on eggshells, certain that one more slip-up would mean the loss of any freedom he had.
“And a head injury.” Sherlock’s eyes dart briefly to the line of steri-strips keeping John’s skin together.
Slowly, inch by inch, John relaxes. His eyes slip shut as he tips his head back, relishing in the pressure building in his head. It fights against the storm in his chest. His mind, no longer spinning in outrage, becomes solely occupied with the need to breathe. When Sherlock releases his throat, he sucks in a breath.
Tremaine’s boots came into his line of sight. “The spell works much faster than I thought it would. Well done.”
“Is there a reason you can’t just look in your own trash?” John tucked his nose up against his shoulder as a particularly nasty smell hit his nose.
“Ah.” The chair squeaked under him again. He was going to burn it along with the rest of the flat. Hateful thing. Right after John left, he would take a knife to it so it never uttered a squeak again. Maybe he would try acid on it at some point.
“No, wait. Just if we do this, and I am only saying if, it would be trial run. We’d probably kill each other before the month was out.”
As he put on a fresh set of clothes, he heard John thumping around behind the closed door. In short order, the shower came on with the hiss and thunk of old pipes. What exactly were you supposed to do when someone woke up from a nightmare? Sherlock was woefully out of his depth. He had never had to console anyone before.
Sherlock grabs John’s wrist with his left hand and raises his right hand. Their eyes meet. Sherlock’s fingers dig into John’s wrist. He’ll let go if John tells him to. Instead, John lifts his chin, lips pressed together in a thin line, and glares at Sherlock. A dare. A
Sherlock froze, hand still buried in clothes. “Oh.” His hand closed over something and his face brightened. “Oh, John, really?”
Sherlock bears it all. His hands shake as he tries to rise from his prone position. Another miscalculation. His life is becoming a series of unbalanced theories and shoddy thrown together plans. A hit in the bathroom before walking down the hallway now seems recklessly stupid. He’s taken far too much. The chambers of his heart stutter-skip, squeezing his life out in seconds. Hell yawns before him and pulls him down. Time and space warp.
Rosie’s head snaps up at this. She quietly sets down the box she was searching through and turns to him. When he dares to look in her direction, he sees a soft look on her face that is all Mary. “It must have been hard. How did he die?”
Sherlock squeezes his scarf between his fingers. He edges forward, fingers hesitant, before gently wiping the fabric across John’s face. It scratches across his cheek, catching in the fine stubble there. John hums and leans his weight against Mary’s chest. Another swipe and the black smudges around his nose and mouth slowly vanish to reveal too red skin. On the next pass, John mumbles against Sherlock’s fingers, catching one of Sherlock’s knuckles against his chapped bottom lip.
His knees locked as his feet fused with the ground. Stone crept up his arm, freezing it as he continued to reach for William. The prince strained at his bonds and fought against the tight grip the man had on his hair. His gaze stayed fixed on John as if he could will himself across the intervening distance.
Sherlock stands over him and begins to disrobe. He takes his time, occasionally pausing in unbuttoning his shirt to pinch John’s nipple or fondle John’s testicles. When he spies Sherlock’s hard cock pressing against the line of his silk underwear, John feels a roar of satisfaction build in his chest. He swallows it. Sherlock notices it anyway. There is no denying that they both enjoy this, but Sherlock still likes to play at being unaffected. When Sherlock tugs off his pants, he wads them into a ball.
“Think I’m probably the pitiful one here.” John let off a humourless laugh. “And you are right, it’s not guilt.”
“As you can see, the castle was rebuilt, stone by stone, with, of course, the addition of plumbing and electricity.” He chuckled at that, though John could find no humor in it. Even with the aid of the medallion, much of what Fantomos spoke of remained confusing. “It was not a cheap bit of labor, but now that I have seen the results, I can certainly say it was worth it.”
Before Sherlock could continue his study, they were interrupted by a small cough. John jerked his head to the side. Christ, they had had an audience. The cough sounded just like--
“Excellent. I’ll show you the best path to take. It’s probably for the best that you won’t be flying.”
He trembled against her. Rage and sorrow laid claim to his limbs and his breath caught as he buried it once more against her neck. Neither of them were made for cradling or coddling, but she offered herself as an anchor, tying him to the here and now. He clung to her.
A guard stepped out from behind a tree. He was dressed simply, foregoing the armor most of the soldiers wore. “Ah, good. You found them. Pity. I had hoped more of them would come.” His accent marked him as not from their lands, though he spoke their language well.
John tossed the scrub brush aside and tugged his boot back on. It took a bit of wiggling and bouncing and he was certain he heard Sherlock give a quiet huff of laughter, but he was a soldier, damn it, and he wasn’t going to be the butt of a joke. “Never going to get the smell of it out.”
“Sherlock was… well, he was,” he fumbles. How to summarize Sherlock? He scratches at the back of his head. “We were friends. And-- yeah, um, I suppose I loved him.”
The man who had just dropped into the seat across from him was none of those things. Well, he was leggy. He seemed to be nearly all legs. But he was most definitely a he. (Nevermind that he was also rather fit looking-- Christ, what kind of waist is that for a man to have? He looked like he was built for dancing and John hadn’t been dancing in years and why was that even something he was thinking about?)
“The groundskeeper, John. Do keep up. Believes himself to be a bit of a police officer.” Sherlock snorted. “Delusions of grandeur.”
John nodded and ignored the little flutter in his ribcage. “Yeah. So, I’m going to kiss you now. And I might put my hand on your leg, if that’s okay.” He was fairly certain he sounded like an idiot, but he had found in the time he had known Sherlock that it was important to always state what you were planning before trying to do anything that might require touching. He moved forward slowly, his hand gently coming to rest on Sherlock’s knee.
She stumbles down the stairs, arms full of boxes, and John quickly rushes up to grab one from her. His hip protests the sudden movement, but he ignores it anyway. If he ignores the way his body aches these days, he can pretend he hasn’t become an old fart.
Three days out of hospital and Sherlock still can’t sit up in bed without getting winded. Ridiculous. His chest is intact. No doctor cracked it open, despite the way his ribs feel. The bruising from chest compressions had been relatively minimal, nothing broken.
A set of glowing eyes peered at him through the darkness, followed by a low growl. Far too large to be a dog, Sherlock estimated that it came to his shoulder.
“The prince is human.” Mary turned sharply, edging them back to the castle. “And you, stone of my stone, are not.”
. He wasn’t lonely. He had plenty of books and his violin. The skull wasn’t the best conversationalist, but it was quiet when he needed silence. “I don’t need a friend.”
Perhaps that was the problem. They knew each other too well, knew where the cracks were in their careful facades.
“The Simmons family estate was turned into a bed and breakfast as a way to generate much-needed income. When she married her last husband, she moved into his home. Since his death, she has returned to the family estate and lives on the premises. Apparently, she is in mourning.” He rolled his eyes at the thought of such ridiculous sentiment. “Luckily, the bed and breakfast is located within walking distance of the home she and her late husband occupied. We will be able to observe her and do some snooping about.”
It’s become the common refrain since he returned to London. Lestrade says it at a crime scene, while handing him a pair of gloves. Molly says it over a cup of coffee and with a sad little frown. Mrs. Hudson tuts it while cleaning the mantle. They all say it as both rebuke and advice. Give him time. He just needs time. Time, time, time. Sherlock would give him all the time in the world in exchange for even a moment of understanding. He doesn’t see why John needing time means he can’t be here, right now, with Sherlock. He isn’t asking for everything to resume as they were; he is simply asking for a scrap of attention.
“It wasn’t easy for me, either.” He didn’t want to think about the long stretch of black that was his hospital stay. Every moment had been filled wondering if anyone gave a damn that he had lost everything. It had felt a little too much like losing his parents. The psychiatrist had told him it was a grieving process, just like losing someone close, only it was him that was lost this time. He didn't say it, but Sherlock read it as it flashed across his face.
Ah, there were the headlines. Surely there was an appropriate word for bread that began with ‘p’ that didn’t bring to mind
He was thankful when Sherlock’s weight finally settled on top of him because he could no longer feel Sherlock studying him, marking him, and filing him away in his memory for later contemplation. He buried his head against Sherlock’s shoulder as Sherlock settled between his legs, his cock already hard against John’s thigh. John breathed.
The guards pull John away, and with distance comes clarity. They are surrounded, frozen in tableau. A Renaissance painting of loss; a Rorschach of Sherlock’s own hubris. The both of them have never been more alone. When did they lose their way? When did they both stop being Sherlock and John?
“Fine.” He sighed as if it was the worst thing that could have ever been asked of him. “Something to do with the sciences, I think. Chemistry, perhaps.”
Rain lashed hard across John’s face and sharp knives of cold cut through him. He ignored the shout of his brother and the look on Mary’s face as he marched from the dining hall and out into the courtyard.
John stared at his hand. How perfectly warm would it feel in his own hand, pressed against his chest? Temptation, the friar had called it. He dug his talons into his palms. “I doubt I would be much warmer. The cold doesn’t bother me as it does you.”
“But an accurate one,” Sherlock continued. “I may have twisted things a bit to ensure a particular outcome. When my parents mentioned that there would be a celebration for their anniversary, I began to plan. For reasons I will never understand, no one gives my brother a hard time about not being attached, perhaps because he is overly fond of cake. What person could compare to that?”
“And you call yourself a scientist.” Before he could chicken out, John quickly pressed his lips against Sherlock’s. It was a bit strange. Sherlock’s lips were softer than his own, fuller, and a bit slick from where he had been licking them. Sherlock stayed just as he had been before John leaned forward: back straight, eyes wide, hands at his side. It was a bit like kissing a statue. John pulled away and scrunched up his nose in embarrassment. “No good?”
Sherlock snaps awake, hands already clawing at John’s arms. John doesn’t hesitate and pulls him closer. Sherlock paws at him, but John’s vest is dry, his skin is warm. The coldness of the watery grave fades in the pre-dawn light seeping into his bedroom.
“But we made an impression.” Sherlock straightened his jacket and walked into their room. John followed him.
“Where’s the crime scene?” John let out a small laugh. His attempt at hiding his nervousness was in vain; the tell-tale spread of red warmed his cheeks despite the cold.
“Shit.” John ran into the shed, expecting Sherlock to be trapped under a shelf or buried under broken bits of ceramic. Instead, he was standing just off to the side of said shelf, torch pointed down at the mess as if the entire thing offended him. “Are you okay?”
Mary knew where she stood in the grand scheme of things. She was John’s mate, but not his lover. She loved him in the abstract, but there were only so many spots in John’s heart. He was an idiot for falling in love with a human. Humans dealt in deceit and heartbreak. John was still young, but Mary could remember when the humans had hunted their kind. It was not so far off that she had grown complacent. They may have formed a trust with some humans, but most were simply looking for an excuse to kill them all.
“Skip the shower tonight, yeah? This do?” Mary holds up a damp flannel and John nods, taking it and running it across his face, neck, down his arms, and then ineffectually makes a go of trying to clean his hair. He quickly gives up on getting it clean and sets the cloth down on the bedside table. Mary hands over a glass of water and pills.
“Among other reasons.” Sherlock shifted his weight and his hand accidentally brushed against John’s, before coming to rest in his own lap once more. John’s hand tingled, but he blamed it on the cold.
John nodded absentmindedly, the ghost of old feelings already whirling around the heavy lump sitting in his stomach. He didn’t know the name of it yet, but it felt a little too much like dread, like uncertainty, like cowardice, for his liking. He ducked out of the cab and clutched the plastic takeaway bag in his fist, letting it bite into his skin. He barely heard the cab pull away or felt the snow gathering on his eyelashes.
John shifted in his chair. How would Sherlock’s parents take to hearing about Sherlock getting into a fight? They had to know what sort of mischief their son got into on a regular basis. No parent who obviously spoiled and doted on Sherlock like that would be completely unaware of where he was on any given day. “It wasn’t Sherlock’s fault.”
The front door slowly opens as John shoulders it open and limps inside. His back is to Sherlock as he juggles a bag of groceries and his cane. Sherlock relishes the few seconds he gets to observe John unnoticed, though what he sees brings him little in the way of real comfort. John’s jumper hangs loose on his frame; not intentionally bought too large, no, it’s a jumper Sherlock recognizes. It once fit tightly across John’s shoulders. Now he swims in the fabric. His hair is different, too. Far greyer than Sherlock remembered and longer than he usually preferred it. And the cane-- the damnable cane-- John leans heavily on it, even as the tension in his shoulders scream discomfort, shame, loathing. John is an echo of his dismal flat-- uncared for, broken down.
The John he knew would have sneered at the lack of care. Too much time spent in the military and in the medical field had drummed a precise cleanliness into him. His room back in Baker Street had been painfully neat, from the carefully shelved books to the sharp folds of his bed sheets. But this… this speaks of a man who doesn’t care much for his surroundings and has no interest in taking care of it. Something ugly--something like grief-- twists in Sherlock’s gut.
It was going to be just like any other mission. Get in, assess the situation, handle the problem, and get out. Maybe they wouldn’t even have to stay the entire week.
“Oh yes, just stand around in the middle of a warzone. Pay no mind to the gunfire overhead or the explosions.” He pulled Sherlock along behind him, angling them both towards a respectable distance from the building.
There was a pause. A rather pregnant pause that left John wondering if perhaps he was in fact hearing things. He turned the word over in his head, his brow wrinkling as he tried to make sense of it. A tingle ran up his arm. He hadn’t mentioned the military service on his profile and yet somehow this stranger knew. He grit his teeth and gave a quick glance to the exit. “So, let me get this straight--”
John licked his lips. “Freckles? Yeah, that’s a fate you definitely need to avoid.” He hid his widening grin by ducking down and concentrating on a stubborn weed.
And then he begins to fuck himself in earnest on John’s cock. He digs his fingers in John’s chest, bouncing as hard as he can. The sting of Sherlock’s nails on his chest work in counterpoint to the blinding urge to come. He rakes them down John’s chest, leaving irritated skin in their wake. Gentleness is for other people and right now Sherlock has no time for it.
Sherlock watches John’s hands and marvels at how small the scars are.  Shouldn’t the wound reflect the pain? Shouldn’t his heart be in shreds? A bullet carved a path into his torso, wrecking muscle and organs much like it wrecked John’s marriage. No one predicted its trajectory or the damage it would make, yet now Sherlock must piece everything back together.
The photo isn’t the best quality, but John recognizes it all the same. A wave of nostalgia crashes over him as he gazes at Sherlock’s face. He had managed to catch a rare Sherlock smile. It’s crooked and a bit awkward; it made the skin around his cheeks fold and his chin a bit wobbly, but it was one of the few things Sherlock couldn’t quite fake. No, his real smile was endearingly awful and strangely sweet.
His thoughts danced giddily, torn between shock and fascination. A man with wings, claws, a tail? A thing of fantasy, yet all evidence suggested that the creature was indeed right there. Sherlock suppressed the urge to giggle. He had never seen something so glorious in all his life. Sherlock flashed the torch over the rest of his form. Smooth, strong muscle bunched under tan skin, hinting at years of training. Blond hair barely hid the small horned nubs which crested the top of his forehead. The only clothing he wore was a kilt and sporran, finely made but not enough to keep a person warm. Each thought flitted across Sherlock’s mind, quickly being filed away in his mind palace.
John furrowed his brow in confusion. “Brother, I do not understand. Are there spirits in the castle?”
He slid his key into the door, only to have the door open suddenly with a flurry and a resounding smack as it hit the hallway wall. Sherlock stepped out onto the stoop, coat half on, only becoming aware of John standing on his doorstep at the last moment.
Sherlock whines and John tilts his head just so. Their lips grow wet and humid as they find a rhythm. John nips and teases at the tender flesh of Sherlock’s bottom lip. Sherlock opens for him, reveling in the feel of John’s tongue and the wet slide of their lips against each other. John’s hands wander down Sherlock’s arms, around his back, and up again, setting Sherlock ablaze with each pass.
“Not literally.” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I am sure you are quite competent in bed, given the amount of lip licking you--”
John weighed his options. He knew enough about Sherlock to press the right buttons. Part of him wanted to ask something hurtful, something that would make Sherlock’s shoulders curl inward. It was a part of him that belonged to the snake. It would be so easy to ask why Sherlock didn’t have any friends or why his parents, who were both lovely people, seemed to never acknowledge each other’s existence. The question sat poised on his tongue, but swallowed it down. “What do you want to be when you grow up?”
“The cat.” He swallowed and firmly pressed his lips together. There was a distinct green tinge to his skin and sweat along his hairline.
“But we do not dream.” James looked at him once more. He stilled his face and straightened his spine, as if ready for battle. “Am I mad, John?”
“Stop this. Stop it now.” John’s violence cloaks his fear, wraps it up with a strike against Sherlock’s face. The next hit follows soon after, a torrent. Unstoppable. Inescapable. They are being swept away in the flood.
Mary stops short of following him outside and curls her fingers around the doorjam. “You could stay. If you-- if you wanted to.”
It was quiet save the steady, tired rhythm of springs creaking. He squeezed his eyes tight and tighter still, not letting his mind wander past this moment. His fingers dug into Sherlock’s back and he lost himself in the feel of sweat and skin. John inhaled sharply, filling his nose with Sherlock’s scent, and gave a perfunctory grunt just before coming. Sherlock’s arms tightened around him, his hips bucking hard, urged on by the slickness now coating John’s stomach, before stilling. He rested heavily across John a moment before rolling off and away, leaving him to his study of the pale light that divided the room. He didn’t return.
The riding crop snaps down across his thighs, adding a brighter red line to his already pink skin. The next hits him across the hips. Again and again, Sherlock brings down the crop, snapping it in quick succession only to tease it along John’s tingling skin the next second. His skin is on fire. Each strike burns hotter and hotter, until his skin feels numb with it. Sherlock rests for a moment, stretching his shoulders and running a cold hand along John’s too hot skin. In the quiet, John heart beats hard against his chest and his breath comes in desperate pants. His brain feels hollow, empty and light in away it rarely feels.
“Best sex is messy sex, I always say.” John grins down at him. “God, I’ve wanted to kiss you for so long.”
The name pinged something in John’s brain. Sherlock shifted his weight and leaned against the sink, feigning only passing interest. He gave Sherlock a quick look then turned back to the maid. “Humphrey?”
He kicks Sherlock out of his flat and prides himself on not breaking down further in front of him. John spends the night slowly working his way through a bottle of scotch and tries not to think how he is becoming his father-- alone, angry, drunk, worthless. The burn of alcohol does nothing to stop his thoughts or the relentless march of his pathetic heart. He wants to rage at the world, kick and scream and make it bleed, but fatigue weighs him down. It's a constant companion now.
“Yes, well, it is a poor--” The crash of pottery hitting the floor and the clang of metal hitting concrete drowned out the last of Sherlock’s sentence.
The word conjured the image of cramped alleyways and shared laughter, of being chased by dogs and overturning bins and tentative kisses. It sounded like home.
He slides his hand through John’s hair and cups the nape of his neck. John sobs go quiet for a moment and then begin anew. Sherlock can’t fix this. He can’t reverse the path of a bullet or change the trajectory of a fall from grace, but he will pull John back together. Sherlock’s hand brought about destruction, wrecking John’s life, but now he will pay his price. If he pulled down John down into the depths of hell with him, he will be his guide back out. It is the least he could do.
John grimaced in sympathy. “How long have you worked here…?” He paused, waiting for her to provide her name.
“Of course. Always.” Sherlock stared at him until John had to look away, his face red and skin tingling.
The dinner went surprisingly well. His mother and father had been friendly and since Mycroft hadn’t yet arrived, Sherlock hadn’t had to deal with his incessant snooping. Though he wasn’t the greatest actor, John had a way of putting people at ease. He wove kindness in between gentle jokes and smiled as if it was the most normal thing in the world. Sherlock envied him, and he was beginning to wonder if his parents didn’t like John more than they liked their own son.
“You relax.” John pulled at a loose thread. God, he felt shabby sitting next to Sherlock. It didn’t help that the pictures of this bed and breakfast revealed it to be a manor. He had been imagining a farm house, large enough to accommodate several people, but still homey in its own way. This place had a chandelier in the foyer and a large barn that had been converted into a garage to house the guests’ cars. There were even servants’ quarters. Christ, he had never been in a place this nice before except on a guided tour. Not that long ago, a room that was quiet enough that he didn’t wake up to gunfire every five minutes sounded nice. This was
Sherlock tugged on his sleeves and fiddled with the buttons on his jacket. “Ah. Well, a single man would draw attention.”
Her lips ghosted over his cheek before alighting against the corner of his mouth. “You would not break me.”
He ignored the man’s shout of protest and kept walking. How London could be so empty, yet still full of idiots, he could never fathom. Days like these he missed the old coat. Nothing like an upturned collar to disarm people, to distract. The barrier of fabric had the ability to send off the message of ‘don’t approach’ without him saying a word. Now, though, everyone had pulled up collars and deep hoods to keep out the ash. It did little good, but then so much of humanity was about half-hearted attempts these days.
John grimaces. “Cuts. More tired from whatever the hell they used to knock me out than anything.” He holds up a shaking hand and gently pats Mary’s hand where it still rests on his knee. “Besides, Mary can take care of me.”
To show just how wrong John was about being the better of the two of them, Sweetpea squatted, aiming its stream with expert precision onto John’s shoe. Only Sherlock’s pointed throat clearing kept John from jumping back with a curse.
“Right. But you need a fake boyfriend for a case? Didn’t have anyone to ask except a stranger?” John shook his head. “Not fooling anyone there.” He held up his hand when Sherlock bristled once more. “I’m not saying I won’t help you. Just expect a bit more honesty. If this is something dangerous, I need to know I can trust you to have my back.”
To make a little extra money, he collected aluminum cans, shoved handfuls of them into plastic bags and hoped that each one would add just a little bit more to his nest egg. He buried his disgust and dug through bins to find any cans that people had carelessly thrown away.
He had not, however, counted on Sherlock being such a quick study. God, he was absolutely screwed. Sherlock clung to him, fingers gripping his jacket like it was a lifeline, and growled into the kiss. The sound travelled right down to John’s toes, curling them in his boots. He knew Sherlock was good at acting. Hell, he’d proven that yesterday with his ability to turn his tears on and off like a switch. He told himself, even as Sherlock’s tongue shyly touched his own, that he couldn’t accept this as real. His cock, on the other hand, was quite intrigued. Perky, even.
He knew as soon as his father had suggested opening the castle doors to the people of the town that this dinner was something sinister. The only bright spot in all of this was that John would be in attendance. Granted, he hadn’t told his parents that he had invited the leader of the Gargoyles, but it was his birthday after all. Surely he should be allowed to invite whomever he wanted.
An answering howl ripped through the night and the dark form of James plummeted from the sky. He grabbed Tremaine by the throat and hefted him him up into the air. With a snap of his wings, James carried him up and away, only to drop down onto the unforgiving cobblestone below. Tremaine’s scream ended in the harsh crunch of bone.
Sherlock stared at him, nose bunched up in thought. “Are you planning on kissing me?” Intrigue coloured his words, rather than repulsion, and John gathered his courage from that.
John clears his throat. “It’s healing nicely. Um. No infection. Which is good. Just need to keep an eye on it. Probably can switch to a smaller bandage in a day or two.”
They stood for a moment in the snow, both drinking in the sight of one another. How had John not noticed the new lines around Sherlock’s eyes or the softness that hung around his mouth like a smile ready to bloom? Each sign that Sherlock was a different man was highlighted in the golden light thrown from the street lamp nearby. Gone was the sharpness of youth, the haughtiness of a cold sharpened intellect. He was still Sherlock-- of course he was. But the brilliant and distant man of his memory, the one that deserted him at crime scenes and lashed out at anyone that attempted to give him a bit of kindness, was gone. In his place was a man who had lived through so much while John wasn’t looking and it had left marks on him. John swallowed hard. He didn’t fully know this Sherlock, but god, he wanted to.
John jerked his head up and peered through the window. Through the gloom, the familiar sight of 221b was just barely visible up ahead. Snow, barely enough to call a flurry, still had the drivers of London on high alert. The cars uphead moved at a snail’s pace, their drivers eager to be out of the weather before it turned worse but hesitant to speed along the streets. Unwilling to be caught in the mess, the cabbie had pulled into a side street. He now drummed his fingers on his steering wheel and raised an eyebrow at John in the mirror.
Sherlock gently reaches out his hand in offering. “Your knee is bothering you. Mind the step as you come in.”
Sherlock shushes him and tucks John close. He rests John’s ear just over his heart. “I’d give you this every day, if I thought you needed it.”
John slowly takes his hand. As they touch, it feels much like the first time, but oh how he hopes it will be better this go around. A different Sherlock and a different John, weathered by age and experience, but here now, together.
“Ugh, really? Y-y-you are naming yourself after the spirit hunter?” Knight rolled his eyes and covered his face in shame.
Sherlock looked at his watch. “Strange. You usually don’t get this grumpy so soon after a meal. Should I have someone fetch you a snack or do you need a lie down?”
“Not in combination with the tan line on your wrist and the way you sit. Ramrod straight, as if you are expecting to be called to task at any moment? No, you were definitely military. You didn’t mention it on your profile, which suggests to me that you aren’t one for bragging, despite probably being a decorated soldier.” Sherlock drew a deep breath, trying to decide if he should continue. Victor had always insisted that he be nice to strangers, but Victor wasn’t around anymore. Ah well, he had already begun, might as well finish. It wasn’t as if he could make John any madder. “No, definitely not ashamed of your time in the service, but the limp tells me the circumstances of your injury left you feeling impotent.”
Sherlock stretches out across John. John’s cock slips free as Sherlock presses their mouths together once more. John can taste blood on their tongues, but the kiss is gentle. John lacks the energy to kiss properly, but Sherlock guides him through it. John’s eyes close and lets Sherlock take the lead. He can feel sleep tugging him down into something dark and dreamless.
“You were awake?” John blanched. A thousand years awake, but unable to move would break the mind of anyone, even someone as strong as James.
He ignored the impulse to hack wetly into his mask and kept walking. Baker Street, lit by one lone streetlamp, rose grey and shadowed in front of him. The light flickered, doing little to illuminate the street. Cars, engines clogged, sat forgotten, like broken toys left in the wake of an angry child. The lumps of chrome and steel were barely visible under the blanket of grey ash and soot. Those that could have left London had long since done so, fleeing in droves in their tightly packed vehicles. Everyone else remained, knowing anywhere they fled would be just the same as London: cold, dark, dying.
John sobs into his chest, ugly and heartbroken. He no longer tries to hide the tears in shame, but instead gives into burying his face in Sherlock’s chest. Their heights match, slotting John perfectly into Sherlock’s arms, like he was meant to be there.
“Please. We want her to be looking at you. The more she is looking at you, the less inclined she’ll be to notice me poking around.”
“Right, ‘course. Here.” He tosses the plastic bottle even as he backs up. It smacks into Sherlock’s hand, stinging his palm.
John’s flat is a horrid little thing. The walls, bare of any decoration, form a dun-colored cage around him. A sad, wobbly desk rests against one wall; a broken sofa, equally as cheap as everything else in the flat, offers little in the way of comfort. He shifts his weight off an errant spring and winces as every bruise and barely-healing bone makes themselves known. He breathes through the pain and focuses on learning what he can from his surroundings. Few possessions, and those in evidence are secondhand and cheaply made. What can be deduced from this? John has put down roots, but fragile ones. Everything about the flat screams temporary, despite the dust collecting on the window sills and the top of his tiny fridge and the stacks of discarded mail tossed on the floor next to the door.
The flat in London was nice, certainly better than a lot of places he’d lived before, but it was empty and unbearable. After living the past decade elbow to elbow with other people, he couldn’t bear the quiet. The sounds of London pounded on his window, but there was nothing that dispelled the loneliness.
Before he could pull to a complete stop, Sherlock opened his car door and leapt out. His coat tails whipped out behind him as he flew through the crowd, quickly dodging anyone who tried to block his path.
Sherlock ducks into the backseat. John leans into him, seeking his heat. Fine tremors run along John’s frame as his body gives into the persistent pounding of exhaustion and fear. Through the layers of fabric, Sherlock’s nerves pop and crack, throwing up blue sparks. He rests against John. Dangerous.
The first pop crumbled a guard nearby, followed by a series of louder, faster pops. Something pinged against the stonework and flung chips of stone past John. Something whizzed past his ear. Arrows, or something like it. But a faster bow was no challenge for him. No matter what new things humans created, the tactic was the same: close in fast and render their weapons useless.
“Damn.” He shoved his bag into the fridge, not caring if half the things didn’t need to be kept cold, and pulled out his mobile.
He grabbed a pillow and placed it over his lap. It failed to muffle the laughter coming from his crotch. He thought of his violin teacher: thin, nose like a hawk, incredibly irritable, large buck teeth. His penis thought of John: warm, wet, covered in soap, his hand wandering south to his--
“So everything short of setting the city ablaze.” Murray gently bumped him with his shoulder. “What about you? Not interested in seeing what humans have been up to the last one thousand years?”
John tilted his head ever-so-slightly and opened his mouth just enough to suck on Sherlock’s bottom lip. Sherlock tightened his grip on John’s lapel and, after a moment’s hesitation, he followed John’s lead. He remembered no teeth this time, but tongues were obviously allowed as were lips and-- oh! John’s tongue flicked once into Sherlock’s mouth, nothing more than a tease and a taste. John tasted of eggs and black pepper and Sherlock wondered if he dipped his tongue into John’s mouth how long it would take for his own mouth to taste the same. He would gladly stand here the rest of the day to find out.
Next to him Rosie pulls out a stack of photos and shows him the top photograph. It’s of her mother, grinning as she stands next to John. Mary’s tongue sticks out while John crosses his eyes at the camera.
magic and to give something a name was its own brand of magic. It gave the person power over the thing named. They had no names for each other. They were equals--pack--and they held no sway over one another.
“What do you mean ‘not even a real date’? And what the hell are you implying? I’m not suited to you. I was bloody well suited to
He half feared Sherlock would make the boy cry with a mean comment about his sticky hands and snot-crusted, tear-stained face. Sherlock surprised him, but then that is what Sherlock constantly does to John. Every time he thinks he has Sherlock figured out, John is left on shaking ground. As they waited for Jamie’s mother and Lestrade to arrive, the boy refused to let go of Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock didn’t appear to mind and exhibits a softness to the boy that John has never witnessed before. Sherlock answered Jamie’s questions with an open, frank honesty, but never belittled him. John slid another piece into the puzzle: a gentle Sherlock, a kind Sherlock. It’s a sight made all the more precious for its rarity.
John snapped his wings closed, banking sharply, before opening them again. He let his feet skim the river for a moment, gliding between air and water. His lessons with William were growing more frequent and as the prince grew in strength, so too did the strange flutter in John’s stomach. “I don’t know what you are talking about.”
“I would think that would make them all the more desperate to do things right in the time they have.” John dove through the clouds. In the distance, he could see fires burning. There were no villages that way, only rocky coastline and the cold spray of the sea.
John clenched the rotted wood of the pier in his fist and leaned forward, gut twisting at the thought of Sherlock gone like a wisp of cloud, burnt away with the rising of the sun. When he was close enough to feel Sherlock’s body rocking with the motion of swinging his leg, he stopped.
He called, of course he did. The absolute worst would have been to show up announced and turned away. No, they had had their fair share of miscommunication and unexpected visits. At least a phone call gave him a bit of a barrier, a false cocoon of safety. But he needn’t have bothered with the armor. Sherlock seemed quietly surprised, if a bit hesitant at first. The soft gravel of his voice, now aged like a fine whiskey, turned something pleasant in John’s stomach and brought forth an onslaught of half-forgotten memories.
William snapped the window closed behind John, then brushed past him. “I don’t know how you can stand to be out there in winter. I’m half-frozen already. Feel.” William thrust a hand out at John. His fingers, always so pale and thin, trembled in the space between them.
Days like these, when John loses himself, when he needs a fight, Sherlock obliges. The first smack hits John high across his cheek, making his sinuses ring and his teeth ache. The second comes from the other side just moments later, leaving John unbalanced. John staggers, his mind teetering between
William’s hand dropped, fingers curling at his side. His smile wilted. “I suppose that is true. You even have snow clinging to you. It must be nice not to feel it.” He cleared his throat; his eyes cast about the room, fingers flexing in an odd show of nervousness. “You were showing me how to throw someone. I’ve been practicing, of course, but the soldiers fear hurting me. Ridiculous.”
He wasn’t expecting Sherlock. The other man looked thin, far too thin, but healthy otherwise. He stared at him for a moment.
“Was that a crack about my age?” Of course, Sherlock would be keep track of his moods in relation to food and time; he’d probably been doing it since they started chatting online. No wonder 'Emily' always popped up with a message right after lunch.
“Oh yes, I am sure you would have loved to have found a dead body. Maybe just a head or something tucked in between the bags of soil.” John gave him a grin, then stepped out of the shed. The winter sun blinded him for a moment. He squinted.
“I loved you,” John spits at him. It offers little comfort. The confession bites into Sherlock, a poison barb meant to kill, words made all the more deadly because it’s the first time Sherlock has ever heard him utter them. “You took away something precious.”
“I mostly worried about two people right now.” John shrugged off his winter coat and hung it on the post next to the door. The room was cool now and he imagined that at night, it would be chilly. At least there were plenty of blankets and a fireplace.
“How much do you think your heart will weigh after I burn it to ash, Sherlock? Light as a feather? Heavy as a stone?” Not-Moriarty taunts him. “What if I put it in a tonic and drank it? Do you think I’d grow a heart just like yours?”
?” Sherlock met his gaze. “It’s been years, John. The occasional Christmas card. A phone call on my birthday.” He touched his top lip with his tongue and his eyes raked down John’s body. “It’s obviously not guilt. Pity? I will not be pitied by you.” His voice dropped to barely a whisper. “I will not be pitied by you of all people.”
“Oh yes, Ms Simmons’s second husband. He had a temper on him. Always shouting and slamming doors. If it hadn’t been for Daniel, I think Mr Humphrey would have taken to throwing things at us.”
Sherlock had helped put the pieces of his life into some semblance of order. He gave John purpose and showed him the world wasn’t colored in grey, but in vibrant, terrifying, marvelous colors. The first time he met him changed everything. Sherlock didn’t care how broken he was, because he was just as broken. They understood each other, fitting together in ways John didn’t know were possible. Sherlock gave him a purpose and a sense of worth. Oh, the world looked at him and saw some little puppy dog nipping at Sherlock’s heels, but it was never that. They had a partnership, each giving the other exactly what they needed. He thought he had mattered to Sherlock, that he had viewed John as just as essential to his life as Sherlock had been to his.
“What do you make of that?” He pointed at the fires, now much clearer as they approached. What first seemed indistinct in the distance, now resolved into the shapes of an encampment.
“Hm, no. Think it best to be leaving now.” He pulls a pack of cigarettes from his pocket, taps the pack until one slips free.
John wasn’t cruel. If Sherlock had never been properly kissed before, then John Watson was going to damn well give him the snog of his fucking life.
“Ah, I see. Well, I suppose I couldn’t expect you to be perfect, but I was hoping for a bit more intelligence from a former military doctor.”
insist on. That wasn’t a bloody generator exploding. That was gunfire.” Lestrade’s face turned an angry shade of red. “Unless you want me to bring the entire force of Scotland Yard down on your head, you are going to get out of my way and let me do my job.” He edged closer to the man attempting to bar their way into the building. “So, how about it? Handcuffs or are you going to be nice and polite and get out of my way?”
He loved-- loves-- John. Loving John is the only thing that seemed to come easily to him in his life. He loved him from the moment John barged into their flat and shouted about fighting with a machine at a store. He loved him when John called him an utter cock while handing him a cup of tea. He loved him as Moriarty threatened to kill them both and John refused to back down. He loved him while a man broke five of Sherlock’s ribs with a rusted pipe and told him no one would care when his body was eventually dumped into an unmarked grave. And he loves him as he snaps awake from another horrible dream and searches for John in the dark bedroom.
“Yes, well, our Daniel does so love to make sure things are nice and secure.” Sherlock pulled out a slim black case from his coat pocket, withdrew a lock pick, and began to fiddle with the first lock.
An empty promise. They never were, never could have been. Gargoyles don’t dream, but for a moment, John had tried and this was the price for such dreams. His heart felt nothing more than shale, crumbling in his chest.
“Are you sirs needing any help with anything? I could hear the shouting from the kitchen.” She was young, no later than her early twenties, and small. John had missed her entirely during his ranting. He supposed aristocrats liked the help to blend into the background; this maid managed to blend in with admirable skill.  “Had a bit of a run in with Ms Simmons’s dog?”
“I can explain.” He edges closer to John. His palms ache to cradle John’s head and smooth his fingers along John’s brow until the tortured wrinkles there ease. He shoves the impulse down.
A second explosion rocked the ground, showering debris onto the street from up high. Lestrade ducked behind a car, shielding himself from pebbles and glass. Once the dust settled, he spotted Sherlock running towards the building, heedless of the smoke, glass, and masonry raining down from above. Of course he’d take advantage of the chaos to slip past the people trying to contain the scene.
“Goliath, I mean you no harm.” The man smiled. “That medallion is a simple bit of magic, but it helps with the language barrier. I assure you it will do nothing more than that. No trickery.”
He coughed hard inside his mask. The rubber and plastic, pulled tight to keep the toxic air from creeping into his lungs, bit into his skin. Another pointless gesture, but John insisted. His hands twitched at his side, eager to rub at the ache in his chest that never left. It pressed against his lungs, desperate to tear at the already weakened tissue and leave him a sweating, shaking mess.
“Clever? Why would it be clever to leave a note around confessing to a crime? Wouldn’t it be more clever to destroy every last shred of evidence?”
John circled to the front of Sherlock, his touch leaving a fire in its wake even through the layer of clothes Sherlock was wearing. John didn’t seem to be affected in the slightest. How was he not also burning away to nothing but ash? “But then, when they think no one is watching, the touches become a little more intimate.”
In the fall, Sherlock left for school, but only after John demanded that he write. Without Sherlock around to liven his days, life became a long grey blur. John wasn’t a bad student, but after the tumultuous lifestyle he had lived in the past year, he found himself counting down the days until he could leave school behind. Sherlock's emails were the only thing that marked one day from the next. There was only one computer that the boys all shared at the home and John impatiently waited his turn every night to check his email in the hopes that Sherlock had written something. The first few exchanges between them were awkward, as they learned how to talk to one another without being face to face. Soon, however, Sherlock took to sending him messages throughout the day. Often they contained no more than a sentence or two, and since John had to wait until the evening to read them, they also grew increasingly exasperated over time. He smiled when he read them and then carefully typed out a reply. The other boys took to mocking his eagerness. A few months ago, it would have resulted in a fight, but John ignored them, pretending not to care about their teasing.
“Yeah.” He kept his eyes on Sherlock’s toes and the delicate line of his ankle. Everything about Sherlock screamed fragile, light as a bird bone, and just as sad. In the early morning, John liked to watch the birds before anyone else was awake at the home. He huddled under his blanket, head just outside, and watched the world slowly come alive. Sherlock reminded him of those birds he spied every morning through his small bedroom window. One of those that sat motionless for hours on a branch, observing, waiting, only to take flight in a sudden burst of energy; there then suddenly gone in the foggy morning light.
“I have no idea!” Even without looking at him, Lestrade could hear the wide grin plastered on Sherlock’s face.
No one asks what it was like for him while he was away. No one mentions the scar on his hairline or the way he gingerly plays the violin because his wrist aches every time it rains now. Mycroft knows, of course, but Sherlock sneers at his gentle prodding and chases him out of the flat. The world is not so bad that he would willingly seek the companionship of his brother.
“Knight!” The voice of the captain of the militia, Tremaine, floated up to their wall. “I am searching for Goliath. Can you tell me where I might find him?”
The pain drops away under Sherlock’s ministrations, replaced with a growing high. John’s mind follows it; his body rocks with each thrust, and responding solely to Sherlock’s movements. He slides up the bed as Sherlock leans harder into him. He stares unseeing up at Sherlock’s face, unable to process past the way Sherlock drives him harder and harder towards a breaking point John both fears and craves.
He rips the lid off the bottle, dampens the edge of his scarf, then hands the bottle off to Mary. John drinks greedily, Adam’s apple bobbing in his haste to quench his thirst. A thin rivulet streaks down his chin, follows the path of his throat. His hand shakes as he tries to take the bottle from Mary; she gives it over gradually, hand hovering just in case. When he is finished, the bottle drops empty and useless from his hand. He closes his eyes, face weary-dark and ash smudged in the light.
He doesn’t recall leaving the building or heading down the street. London’s roar batters at him, but now he pays it no heed. Dealers are a dime a dozen in London and as he sinks into a deep haze of oblivion, he thinks that until now he had no idea what true loneliness felt like.
A heart weighs eleven ounces—  give or take. Variables can impact the weight of it, the shape, the function Lifestyle. Sex. Illness.. But, on the average, a human heart weighs no more than eleven ounces.
“I will ask you again, human, why are you here?” He stepped forward, nearly close enough to touch. This close Sherlock smelled his scent, earthy like fresh grass, and saw the sharp angle of his incisors. The man’s nostrils flared and his brow twisted, rage giving way to confusion. He sniffed again then leaned in close to Sherlock’s face.
The water is rising. Up ahead, he can hear John’s screams, but his feet slip and sink in the loam each time he gets closer. His heart is valiantly trying to stay alive, clinging to the hope that Sherlock will make it to him in time.
Sherlock stares up at him. A thunderous roar fills his ears. This wasn’t how it was supposed to happen. Three years. Three years of fighting, of barely surviving, just to get back to London. To John.
He straightened his shoulders, shaking off the memory of Mary’s face as she packed up the last of her things. Boxes had lined their hallway for days, like soldiers ready for their marching orders, and he, no longer in command, no longer in control, ignored them. He woke groggy and aching one morning to find all the boxes gone. All sign of Mary vanished in the night and he was suddenly alone with nothing but his thoughts to keep him company.
“Yes, friends, John. Isn’t that what we were? You made that clear time and time again.” His own cheeks heat in anger.
and rage. He puffs his chest and moves into Sherlock’s space, only to be hit again, this time hard enough to blur his vision. Sherlock hooks an ankle behind his and shoves John, quickly following him with another smack.
He chases his own orgasm heedless of John, and John revels in it. Being reduced, being ignored and humiliated, leaves John breathless. He is a toy to be used, something to get Sherlock off and nothing more. He gladly serves at Sherlock’s pleasure and like this, Sherlock is gorgeous to witness. His skin turns pink and sweat collects at his temples. John, mesmerized, watches as a bead of sweat works its way down Sherlock’s cheek and travels down his throat. Sherlock moans and his hips stutter as he nears orgasm. His arse tightens around John’s cock.
John isn’t, but this-- the moment after-- makes him feel like some day he might be. Some day, he might be able to balance out all the bad, all the fuck ups. The storm in his chest gives way to a brief calm and he can finally breathe.
“There you are.” John rubs his thumb along Sherlock’s cheekbone. He seems unaware of it, as if nothing feels more natural than his skin touching Sherlock’s.
“John!” Sherlock’s mother opened the door wider. “Oh, thank goodness. We were so worried about you. Sherlock has been pacing the entire house, up and down the stairs at all hours of the night. Of course, we told him he couldn’t go running all over the place with his arm in a cast, but you know how he is. He was just certain that you had been shipped off to Siberia of all places. He tried to take the car as soon as we got home from hospital. Can you imagine him trying to drive with that awful cast on?”
The light went out and Sherlock heard John settle. Soon the room was punctuated with nothing more than John’s slow breaths and the popping of the logs in the fireplace.
“The chair?” John decided to ignore the jab about his haircut. It was a proper cut, no nonsense and easy to deal with. Given the amount of curls and the way Sherlock was dressed, he obviously wouldn’t know a thing about simplicity.
Love like theirs has never come easy. It must be held with gentle hands and treated with equally gentle actions, lest it break. It must be practiced, in fits and starts, and like any student grown frustrated with a difficult piece, left to sit in solitary for a time.
“Yeah, yeah. This is fine.” John fumbled for a moment with his wallet, then scooped up the bag sitting next to him. “Keep the change.”
Sherlock leapt from his chair and grabbed a folder. “Barbara Simmons. Age sixty-five. In the past ten years, she has had three husbands, all of whom have met unfortunate ends. The first went on a business trip, only to wrap his car around a tree on the way home from the airport. The second popped out for a smoke one night and had an unfortunate fall down the stairs. And the third dropped dead in the middle of supper two months ago. Heart attack, according to the coroner.”
John remained on guard just outside the door, but he could easily hear Sherlock shuffling around in the small, enclosed space. “Anything? Maybe a clever little note that says ‘I did it’?”
The bag drops from his limp hand and a tortured sound struggles horribly in his throat. “Oh, Christ.”
“What? Explosions don’t leave claw marks. Stay down, damn it.” He pushed Sherlock down, hands firm on his shoulders. “What the hell would leave claw marks?”
“I was thinking about maybe going into the military.” John scratched at a water mark on the table and kept his eyes firmly down. He didn’t want to see what Sherlock thought of that. Despite his nonchalance, being a soldier was something he had dreamed about. It’d give him a chance to get away, far away, and do something actually worthwhile with his life, instead of spending every day just trying to get through it.
His brother was an idiot. He loved him, of course, but John often thought a bit too much. John seemed to only be happy when he was at war, either on the battlefield or in his head. Ridiculous way to live, but then it was bound to happen when a gargoyle spent so much time around humans. Humans twisted them all up.
Okay, so John hadn’t had a whole lot of hope to begin with, but Emily had looked promising: leggy, blonde, fit, and, most importantly, a woman.
“Jamie?” Sherlock gently reaches out to the boy, careful to avoid touching him. The boy lifts a tear stained face to him. “You’re safe now. They are gone.”
The name broke through his reverie. Strange, he hadn’t heard the prince climbing the staircase behind him. Careless. The alliance between human and Gargoyle hung by a gossamer thread. A stiff breeze could snap it. No matter his care for them, humans were often duplicitous. His father had taught him better, even if his heart tried to convince him otherwise.
Dark magic swept over them. The cold of it burned. John could not outrun it, not as hurt as he was, and in the chant he heard his own demise. John shoved James away from him and screamed for him to flee. He stretched one hand out toward William. He could still save him. He
“Guards! Tremaine!” He spun in place, searching for the guards that should be defending the castle. Instead, he was met with silence. He had not seen Mary in the town, nor was there any sign of her here. He charged through the flames, ignoring the way it licked at his clothes. Their nest was deep enough within the castle that it might have been spared. He moved toward the tower that housed the entrance to the lower levels.
John fell into step next to him as they exited the house and crossed the grounds. “So, I take it I did a bit of talking in my sleep last night.”
“John.” Sherlock sits casually in his chair, arms and legs loose. Sherlock says his name like a long Sunday morning, lazily spent in. Even his relaxation grates on John’s nerves. How dare he look so fucking calm. What right does he have after everything that has happened?
. Of course, this moment would come. He was no fool. William belonged to someone else. The moment he had been born, small and far too pale, his parents began to plan.
“Sherlock, I can’t be the reason why you stay clean.” He thumped his cane against the floor. “I’ve got my own problems.”
“Sherlock, if you don’t start making sense right now, I am going to call a cab and catch the next train out of here. Might make a stop by the police once I am back in London.” He wouldn’t, of course, but damned if Sherlock was going to know it.
“And Molly is an axe murderer as well?” John finally opened his eyes, though he looked as if he was ready to close them and count to a hundred if the need arose.
“Fine. Get your hand off me, please.” Sherlock straightened his lapels. “I may have brought you here under slightly false pretenses. Two days from now is my parents’ fiftieth wedding anniversary. This week is meant to be a celebration of sorts. Lots of family. Dinners. Socializing.” Sherlock said the last with a sneer. “They are under the impression that for the past five months we have been in a committed relationship.”
Ah, yes. The toes. Perhaps he should have gotten rid of those before the mold had started to cover them. Sherlock stood, wobbled for a moment, then slunk over next to John. The toes had been in there for some time, long enough now that Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure he was looking at toes. Or at least, not just at toes. It was a pity he hadn’t thought to set up a camera to record their decomposition.
A murmur spread through the hall and he raised his head, peering past the nobleman who had been talking to him for the past fifteen minutes with no care that William wasn’t listening. His father had risen to his feet, goblet raised. The hall quieted.
Sherlock pulls away before John can notice what he is doing. He will not be coddled. John is never willing to give Sherlock exactly what he wishes for.  “I— sorry. Didn’t mean to wake you.”
“No!” John squeezed his arm. “You are sound. These visions are nothing more than magic. We will figure out the cause of them and fix it.”
“You were wondering earlier. I hadn’t kissed anyone before you.” Sherlock studied his nails. Excellent. John no longer had the creases in between his eyebrows that suggested he was recalling unpleasant memories. Instead, he lifted one eyebrow and pressed his lips together. Ah, surprise with a hint of amusement. Far better.
Long before Sherlock. Before the army. Before his father’s death. Maybe it was the moment his father raised his hand in anger at John for making too much noise at dinner. The epicenter of that moment reached far beyond its initial impact. The cracks in him have left him fragile. He broke so long ago and now he has nothing to hold the fragments together.
The cab pulled to a stop, and John fiddled with his tie for the fifth time since getting off the train earlier. He finally forced himself to look out the window, past Sherlock’s frankly ridiculous profile. There it was: enormous, sprawling, and probably brimming with bits and bobs that were each worth more than his entire wardrobe. A battlefield hospital felt more welcoming than this.
John stopped short. His own curse froze on his tongue. In front of him stood Sherlock, his own basket full of odds and ends. “Sherlock.”
Finally-- Christ-- finally, Sherlock wraps a hand around his own cock. He pulls away from the kiss, leaving the taste of blood lingering on John’s tongue. The red head of his cock disappears into his fist and Sherlock once again begins to rut down onto John’s cock. Sherlock’s breath picks up, each breath punching out of him, as his hand picks up speed. His free hand latches on to John’s nipple and twists it hard, his whole body locking up as he orgasms. Come splatters across John’s stomach and Sherlock’s fingers turn into a vice on John’s already abused skin. Sherlock gasps and quakes above him, riding the wave of the high.
Behind him, a whoop of excitement heralded the entrance of Knight. His brother followed shortly, though at a more sedate and serious pace. “Goliath, y-y-you’re awake! We thought y-you’d never wake up.”
With little hesitation, he pulled Sherlock closer and began to suck. It was a welcome weight against his tongue, stretching his lips and cheeks around it. His jaw gave a brief complaint, but he ignored it, too driven by the sounds coming out of Sherlock above him. There seemed to be little he could do wrong as Sherlock continued his moan-filled litany of praise and his hips shuddered with the need to thrust. His entire body shook under John’s attention and John lavished it upon him. He sped up his hand on Sherlock’s cock, the way eased by spit, and kissed and licked every inch of Sherlock's skin he could put his mouth on. Sherlock let out a shaky breath which turned into a moan. His come hit John’s tongue, arced up his cheek, and across his lips, quickly making a mess of him. John brought a hand to his cheek, spreading the wetness there, and slowly licked his lips.
It’s just perceptible, the moment John realizes he isn’t alone. His back straightens, a rigid line of iron, and the grip on his cane tightens. He turns, ready for anything and god, is Sherlock thankful that John still has a bit of fight in him.
John shoves the photo back into the box and clears his throat. “I’m not going to talk about this with you.”
Sherlock looked up at him and slowly blinked as if John had asked the dumbest question in the world. “Of course not me.”
He grimaced at the filth on his hands and spared a longing look for the gloves Sherlock wore. “Why didn’t I think of getting some of those?”
“Sweetpea! Darling, where have you got off to?” A cheerful voice rang out from the stairwell and was soon followed by its owner. In between being grappled, John saw Barbara Simmons. Her greying hair was tied back in a fierce bun which clashed strangely with her round and cheerful face. Right now she looked rather scandalized.
Sherlock turned and tucked his bare foot under him, directing his full attention to John. “Are you going to use your tongue?”
“It’s not them I am worried about. You haven’t met the rest of the family yet.” If he had brought anyone else, he’d be worried about his extended family eating them alive. Not John. John had already proven himself invaluable.
“W-w-we could help.” Knight looked back at him, a grin already lighting up his face. They rarely got a chance to leave the castle.
John can wait no longer. He does his best to fuck up into Sherlock’s arse and his own orgasm rumbles through him, a thunderous crash that takes him by surprise. His body twists with it, arse clenching around the unforgiving dildo, thighs tensing, hips rising off the bed, lifting Sherlock with him. It rips him apart, leaving him boneless and shaking. He can’t breath through it; every molecule of him is ripped apart in the tide of it. Just as he thinks it has ended, his arse spasms around the dildo, pressing it into his prostate again and leaving him caught in a seemingly endless orgasm. Sherlock continues to rock on him, milking John for every drop of come in his body. His own cock lays soft and spent between them, smearing in the come spreading on John’s stomach.
He quickly shut off his phone before he became inundated with texts from both of his parents. More outpouring of emotion than he could handle for one day. Besides, it wasn’t as though he and John had ever actually gone out. It was just an exchange of messages online.
“You do not scare me.” She pulled herself into the tree. The branches creaked and swayed under her weight, but held. She wrapped her hand around the branch above her, ready to pull herself up next to him, when he pounced. In a blur, he thundered into her, crashing and sending them both tumbling through the branches and down onto the wet earth below. She welcomed him with open arms, letting him pin her with ease.
He scolds himself for such thoughts, even as he pulls John closer. John’s hair tickles his cheek. He smells of sweat and sorrow, and Sherlock’s heart is full and heavy in his chest with the responsibility he now holds in his arms. He will be whatever John needs. The promise, still fragile, grows. He has made so many promises and broken just as many, but here, with John shaking against him as if the very earth is falling apart, he knows he will never make a promise as important as this one: he will always be here for John and Rosie, and all that may entail. He swallows down his hurt at the thought of John never needing him the way he needs John: a primal need, past want or lust, a need that drives the electrical current of his heart.
He propelled himself through the night, eagerly awaiting the sight of its dark stone walls. He banked below the cloud cover and that’s when the smell hit him.
“Um, yes. In fact. A date.” Sherlock straightened the lapels of his jacket and jutted out his chin, as if daring John to take a swing.
“Okay, first things first, if I am going to be taking this from you, we need to figure out what I am doing in exchange. And a name wouldn’t hurt.”
It wasn’t until he was sitting in the waiting room after Sherlock had been taken back to be examined, that John realized he was still holding an angry cat and that he had completely forgotten about the errand he was supposed to be running. He drummed his leg up and down and stared out the window.
“Hello, John.” Sherlock said John's name like it was any other day, like little time had past since the last time they had spoke.
“Stay.” Sherlock’s hand tightened against the back of John’s head, then soothed his hair down. “Oh god, stay.”
At this rebuke, the prince scrunched his nose in displeasure. “Mother expresses concern about a great many things. Just yesterday she was certain that I would catch my death because I had dared to go to bed with my hair wet.”
“I didn’t say I wasn’t going to forgive you, idiot. I just said that you did upset me.” He shrugged.
A miscalculation. So simple, and yet Sherlock missed it. John is no longer throwing himself between Sherlock and Smith; he is now simply throwing himself, teeth clenched, fists raised, at Sherlock. Sherlock knows he has pressed John too far this time. John’s rage quivers and snaps, there in the sharp kick to Sherlock’s ribs, the spittle clinging to his bottom lip, the mussed hair no longer perfectly combed. Sherlock ruins him, has ruined him, will ruin him again and again. John shakes him harder. His head clanks against the wall.
“No, let me just say this. We don’t talk. But you need to know.” John’s lips purse as he struggles with himself. He nods once, and rushes on. “Yeah, no, you need to know that I am grateful. For you, that is. You saved my life. No— you did. You saved my life and I never thanked you. Not really. This past few months have been shit, if I am being honest. But you have been there. Not just for me, but for Rosie, too. So, thank you.”
“Yes, yes. Pillar of manly strength. Very impressive. Definitely impressed with the way you shooed the paramedics off.” Mary’s hand tightens around John’s knee, even as she turns to look out the window.
He resisted the urge to recoil at hearing the name the prince gave him. For all that it went against their nature, the gargoyles had adapted to the use of names. His brother was the only one who hadn’t bothered to adopt a name for himself, choosing to avoid spending time with the humans as much as possible.
“Sherlock!” An older woman waved from the porch. “Don’t just stand there. Come up and let me have a look at him.”
He jumps forward, daring to close the gap between them, and settles his hand gently between John’s shoulderblades. Mary slides into the backseat first, fingers tangled in John’s hand, and carefully pulls him down. John’s foot catches on the pavement and he stumbles, saved only by the sure grip of Sherlock’s hand wrapping around his elbow. It is an awkward fumble for several seconds; John moves drunkenly, hands splayed out in front of him.
He shifted his weight and his foot kicked a bit of metal. It pinged against the wall running along the parapet. Running his fingers along the dark space, he finally found the culprit: a sizeable bullet casing, possibly from a semi-automatic rifle. Fantomas certainly had his fingers in far more pies than he let on. Military grade weaponry to steal a computer program? Unlikely.
A gentle smile tugs at the corner of John’s lips as he watches Jamie hug Sherlock. Sherlock freezes for a moment before spreading his large hand across the small boy’s back. Sherlock’s eyes lock with John’s and he quickly pulls away from the hug before handing Jamie off to his mother. As they are swarmed by police and emergency services, the armor Sherlock wears shifts back into place; he tugs the collar of his coat up and turns to leave. But John has seen what lurks beneath that cold facade: an uncertain, but driven man, who extends kindness to those who need it most.
“Right! Sherlock and I were just going. Nice talking to you, Addison.” John grabbed his cane with one hand and Sherlock’s sleeve with the other and frogmarched them both back outside. Once they were out of earshot, John released Sherlock’s arm. “Christ, you don’t have a filter, do you?”
“Very well, Murray.” The name tripped up John’s tongue. His brother grinned happily at the sound. If the distinction made him happy, that was all that mattered to John. “Go explore and report back. Just… don’t do anything I wouldn’t.”
“I thought you dead. When last I saw you, you were…” James grabbed him and tugged him close, clinging to him in a sea of fear. John held still, letting James inspect him. His eyes darted over John’s body, studying every bit for sign of injury. “They left their mark on you.” Anguish colored his words as his face fell.
“Sherlock, you do realize I am not actually meeting your parents, right? If they don’t like me, it’s not the end of the world.”
The door gives way under his hand and John raises his head from where he is reading the newspaper. Same chair. Same jumper. Same wrinkled brow. A smile begins to form on both their faces. Here, Sherlock breathes. His heart slows its incessant, angry flight. John opens his mouth to say something, but his face twists suddenly with rage. Not at Sherlock, no. Something else. Sherlock reaches for him, knowing what is coming next, but his fingers only just brush John’s jumper before he is jerked away.
“Useless, John. If they didn’t come running at the sound of you kicking at the door trying to open it, I very much doubt they are still here.”
“Ah. I suppose that was forward of me. Of course, you would want your own space. I’ll see myself out.”
Mary came to rest next to him. In the distance, the first glimmer of daybreak shone. Soon, they would return to stone and wait for night to fall once more. For the last few moments, John kept his eyes wide open. He never got to see the sun fully and descriptions painted a pale picture for him. Dawn was his only time to see the sun. He treasured it.
“I thought as much. Perhaps time will dampen your temper.” He began to chant. The flames snuffed out and a blanket of cold rolled over them.
Something unreadable crossed Sherlock’s features. It flitted past for but a moment, crinkling his eyes and twitching the corners of his mouth, before vanishing. He nodded once. “Starving.” With that, he stepped out of the way, opened the door, and gestured John into the building.
Sherlock unzipped the garment bag on the bed. “We are supposed to be a couple. Besides, I rarely sleep and the bed is big enough for five people.”
John blinked. Faintly, Sherlock thought it was entirely unfair John was dressed when Sherlock felt incredibly naked. They stared at each other.
Knight stopped suddenly. His large ears swiveled on his head, before going flat against his skull. The snap of a branch up ahead soon revealed the reason for his alertness.
A heart cannot sing, but Sherlock’s feels his join a duet, an aria of want and longing finally joined by another voice. John’s heart beats with his, two halves of a heart working in time, keeping time, driving time. Higher, faster, a rising tempo, a crescendo. John conducts him through it all and finally brings him back down to earth.
“And careful I was. This is nothing more than the evidence of a small scuffle.” William eased into a stance, his body loose and ready to strike. “Come on then. Show me how to avoid getting bruised.”
“There will be no need for that, detective. I apologize for my assistant’s behavior. Sebastian is always eager to preserve the public image.” He clutched Sebastian by the elbow and guided him away from Lestrade. “As I said, Sebastian, that story is for the press. Not the police.” He waved Sebastian off before extending a hand. “Gerard Fantomas. I’m glad that New Scotland Yard’s finest is on the case. If you and your partner would like to come with me, I can explain what happened.”
John mirrored his grin. He didn’t actually mind having Sherlock sitting nearby, ever present notebook in hand. This was John’s job. The fact that Sherlock tagged along to watch made it go a little bit faster. “Afraid you’ll get a sunburn?”
The bellhop fumbled with the key and stuttered directions to room 308, then made a show of quickly getting out of John’s way. Good. He wasn’t in the mood to deal with more than one idiot at a time. Just short of their room John backed Sherlock up against a wall and shoved a finger in his face. “What the hell are you playing at? That was your mother!”
John stretches out next to him, pulling him close against his chest. Sherlock settles his head just above John’s heart. Eleven ounces that contain all that is John within it and, whether John knows it or not, he carries Sherlock’s heart with him as well. Soulmates or something like it. Entangled, the two work in tandem to feed into a life together. Sentiment. Poetry flying in the face of simple anatomy.
“Sherlock, are you all right, dear? You look a little pale. Where are my manners? You both just got here and I am already interrogating you. John, take my son upstairs and make sure he gets a nap before dinner. I’ll see about getting a sandwich sent up.”
Fire consumed the village surrounding the castle. The thick smoke obscured his vision and made his eyes burn. He coughed and tried to drag in a lungful of clean air, only to find none. He dove and fury licked at his heart. Who would dare attack the town and where was his clan?
“I did promise. William.” The name never failed to surprise him. It sounded strange in his mouth, tangling around his tongue and fangs.
“Yes, because they gave them to us.” Murray spit the word from his mouth as if it offended him just as a bad morsel of meat would. “I do not wish to be named by them, nor for their religion. If they desire us to have names, I will name myself.”
John shook his head and started picking through the bin, setting aside cans and other bits of metal scrap that he thought he could get a little money for. Ever so often, Sherlock hummed or murmured next to him and occasionally scribbled something down in a small notebook. John couldn’t figure out what exactly Sherlock was hoping to find, but at least it was another set of eyes and someone to talk to for a little while.
Knight peeked over the edge of the wall and tilted his head. While many thought of them as bird-like, Knight moved more like a young hound, still unsure of its suddenly long legs. “H-h-he’s out d-d-doing patrol in the west, along the c-c-coast.”
She let her legs fall lax in invitation and he bit and kissed his way down. His blond head disappeared between her legs.The first flash of his tongue was perfection. She grabbed a fistful of his hair, willing him closer. His tongue followed. This was her right and she rode him, hips snapping at each pass of his tongue, until she too cried out. The sharp bite of his teeth in the flesh of her thigh sparked high and bright as she came. Pain and ecstasy entwined. When they both abated, John climbed back up. The hard line of his cock brushed against her stomach, reminding her that he would soon take her again and again.
John shines a light along the walls. Cold cinderblock lines the entire room; a sad layer of blue paint does little to brighten it. A cheap Ikea cupboard, with its doors misaligned, and an equally broken table are the only furniture in the entire room. An ancient radiator sits sadly along one wall. He shivers and pulls his coat tighter.
Sherlock turns and studies the streets as they move past. He counts the traffic lights until John and Mary’s home. One. John huffs at his side. Two. He lets out a small snore. Three. Mary nudges him. Sherlock feels John shift closer to her. Four. John’s knee bumps against Sherlock’s leg. Five. Their house appears on the right.
John bunched his legs and pounced, claws and teeth at the ready. He knocked the weapon out of one assailant’s hands and smacked another off their feet with his tail. Easy work. These humans were no trained warriors, built for true hand-to-hand combat. They relied too heavily on their weapons. He slashed at the one just getting to their feet, ripping through the layers of cloth that they had foolish worn into combat. Tough material was no match for his sharp claws.
William’s heart jumped, beating as fast as a bird’s wing. John stepped into the room, trailed by his brother and Mary. He felt more than saw his mother stiffen beside him.
“The prince is…,” he let the sentence trail off and die between them. What more was there to say? William simply was and in his very being he took up all the room in John’s mind. Ignoring him had proven fruitless. Once he had set his eyes on John, that had been it; their fates were twined together, for good or ill.
He takes a slow drag from his cigarette. His lungs burn as he holds it in. Dioxin. Benzene. John’s sleep-slackened face pressed against Mary’s neck. He tips his head back and blows smoke out into the cold night air.
Which was important right now as Sherlock was choking on a bit of bread. The humiliation: the most brilliant mind of the modern age finally taken down by soggy crust.
Sherlock had never given much thought to kisses. They were a means to an end, much like all things physical. But John kisses long and slow, a Sunday morning unfurling with ample time to wander. He coaxes Sherlock through it, first with pecks, then heated kisses that leave Sherlock panting for more. He bumps nose with Sherlock and laughs softly in the small space between them.
“I’ll say. Doubt she will be forgetting our faces, which is going to make poking around a little difficult.”
Sherlock gave a grin that would have given the Grinch a run for his money. “Well, she certainly seems to like you."
The bite of winter dulled, giving way to the caress of spring. They built their nest deep in the dark reaches of the castle, far away from where servants would dare pry. John cradled each egg in his hand, before carefully placing them among the cold, wet stones. Gargoyles were born in darkness and John’s days felt just as dark.
“I’ve never had anyone want to,” Sherlock paused and tilted his head. “It might be an interesting experiment, though...”
John growled. “Your mother and father will grind me to dust and scatter me to the four winds. You promised you would be careful.”
His brother clapped him hard on the shoulder after they finished completing the nest. Pride tugged at his cheeks and John wondered at it. Should he feel pride? These were his offspring waiting to be hatched. Surely he should feel something other than a resigned dread. He didn’t hate Mary; on the contrary, a part of him loved her dearly, but it was comparing a candle to the full force of a bonfire. It paled in comparison to what he had allowed himself to feel for the prince. His shoulders bowed with the feeling of wretchedness.
She ran a hand along the wall. The castle offered them protection only because the royal family extended it to them. There was ancient magic at work here; a gargoyle needed a place to protect, but humans often feared what they did not understand. Still, this was the best place for her young to hatch, deep within the dungeons.
John quickly looked down. The front of his jeans was, blissfully, hidden for the most part by his coat.
Sherlock’s nerves fired away with a million deductions. John still took good care of his hands, rubbing lotion on them to counteract all the scrubbing he had done as a doctor, but the callouses along the web between his thumb and finger told a different story. John knew how to handle a gun, though Sherlock could feel the faint scarring there that showed John had not been a great shot at first. It was common for first time shooters to hold the gun incorrectly and catch their skin on the slide.
“Oh. Well, I suppose that is alright then,” Sherlock said. “If it would make you feel better, you can ask me anything you like and I will answer it honestly.” He straightened his spine, preparing himself for the worst.
“Don’t.” The word leapt from his tongue, angry and sharp. He pressed his lips together and tightened his grip on his basket. “Just don’t. It was two years ago and I didn’t expect you to-- just.” He paused, unable continue that line of thought. “It’s fine.” It wasn’t, but little had been in his life recently.
His heart stutters in his chest. They had given up on whipping him hours ago and have since resorted to beating him with a lead pipe. He tried holding in his screams at first, the pain mounting and mounting, as his heart beat furiously against his ribs. The stubborn, hateful muscle pounded away.
“I knew you would see things my way eventually.” John hopped off, and brushed dirt from his kilt, before helping his friend to his feet. It was true; the name Goliath was better suited to him. John barely came up to his shoulder and was half as wide, but he had spent his entire life proving that what he lacked in size, he more than made up for in sheer stubbornness. The rest of the pack learned to listen when John spoke, even though he was younger than many of them.
“Mr. Holmes, why are there toes in your cupboard?” John stared at the toes and tried not to imagine that the toes were looking back at him.
“Hold on, hold on. I’ve got it. You’re just making it worse bashing on it like that.” The doorknob rattled and the door opened with a loud creak. John stepped out of his way just long enough for him to get through the door then slammed the door shut again. He left John to sort the locks and sweep up the ash that had collected in the entryway.
“Ah yes, James. My men are fetching him now. I have already met the other two, Knight and… well, he refused to give us a name, but the very large one. You were the last to wake.”
Sherlock chuckles, deep and free, into John’s shoulder as John tries to get a bit of mashed potato out of Sherlock’s curls. “We’ve made a bit of a mess.”
“Not right now, Sherlock.” John folds the laundry. It’s all socks and none of them seem to match.  His fingers twinge, spasming as the nerves in his shoulder pinch. His left hand shakes as he mates them regardless of color. Let Sherlock deal with that later. Let him fret over his goddamn sock index. John’s mind catches on the thought; he isn’t even sure if Sherlock has a sock index anymore. He drops a sock and it takes him several beats to bite back the inexplicable anger that builds.
“Really? Loved my aunt’s. Cute little orange thing, would curl right up next to you, happy as can be.”
Sherlock tries not to think of scorched airways and damaged lungs and how quickly someone can suffocate from smoke inhalation (enclosed area, minutes; likelihood of John succumbing to flames first due to accelerant-- delete). He tamps down the urge to cough in sympathy and meets Mary’s gaze for a second. Her eyes are pinched as she looks at him, then John, then goes back to scanning the crowd.
He shoved his shoulder against 221b’s door, cursing quietly at the way it stuck. On the other side of the door, he heard the thump of John coming down the stairs.
“Oh!” Sherlock blushed. “Sorry. John sometimes gets a little eager.” He didn’t pull away from John, but he made a go of trying to appear appropriately chastened. “Um, was there something you needed?”
Sherlock doesn’t say. “It hurts no matter if you are changing the bandage or not. At least this way, I don’t have to worry about some nurse that Mycroft hired.”
“Yeah, well, forgive me if I want to make sure my daughter has everything she needs while she decides to skip around Europe.”
He didn’t keep many things from his old life; too much of it held painful reminders of what he lost. Old habits, though, are hard to shake. He staggers across his small flat and fumbles with the drawer of his desk. He pulls out his gun. The weight of it used to be welcome in his hand, but now it drags it down. He stares at it, feeling nothing but an emptiness that stretches on and on into infinity. Static rings in his ears. When did everything stop making sense? When did his life cease to be a life at all?
Sherlock checked his phone. It was only half past ten, but he supposed John was used to keeping a regular schedule. Skipping sleep when he didn’t have to must seem foreign to John. Soldiers and doctors valued any nap they could get. “Yes. For a bit anyway.”
“Brother, it is good to see you awake finally. Perhaps age is catching up with you after all. I feared the stone had finally taken you.” A deep rumble of a laugh echoed across the tower, soon followed by the large bulk of his clutch sibling crawling down the side of the wall. His stunted wings fluttered uselessly on his back, though the lack of flight never seemed to bother him. No, he had always seemed happy to crawl and scramble, leap and throw. The earth suited him; he was made of dark stone, deep as a forbidden cave. “The humans are celebrating. A royal feast!”
“Fuck you and your shock.” A hysterical laugh bubbles in John’s throat. “Oh, fuck, Sherlock. You’re supposed to be dead. I held your hand, oh Christ.” He wipes a shaking hand across his mouth, as if to scrub away the words tumbling from his mouth. His eyes screw shut in pain.
John laughed. “That’s not going to happen. Besides, think about all the places I could see. And we could write to each other and I’d tell you things that I learned. Might actually be useful for once.” He nudged Sherlock.
“Right. Now we are going to sit quietly and you are going to try not to do anything insane for five minutes and then you are going to tell me about this case.” John eased himself into the chair and straightened his leg.
James turned to him, his eyes wide and wild. For a moment, he looked nothing like the gargoyle who John called friend. His face was twisted in fear and rage, a wild and hurt beast. “John.”
The maid laughed again. “Yeah, Sweetpea has a bit of a bladder problem. And a biting one. And a barking one. Really just a problem all around.” She schooled her expression. “I mean, she’s a sweet little thing. Wouldn’t hurt a fly.”
Darkness crept into John’s vision, but not quick enough to block out the sight of a blade slicing across William’s throat.
“It was a long time ago. Before you or your mum. He worked with the police and I helped him with cases. Eventually, we grew apart. It happens.”
For having just been attacked, the guards were easy enough to slip past. Sherlock darted down the hallway, ignoring locked rooms on other side of him. Video feeds lied just as often as people did. When you added in a man who ran a multi-million pound company that specialized in technology, the chance of the video feed being useful dropped significantly. No, Sherlock trusted his own senses more.
“Christ, you don’t do anything by halves, do you?” John wrapped his fingers around Sherlock’s arm and guided him to a stool.
He huffed and shifted his massive bulk. Next to him, Knight ducked his head nervously. The pair of them were a study in contrast. Where he was large, Knight was small. The humans obviously took great pleasure in the name they gave him. While they pretended that ‘Goliath’ was an honorific, they made no attempts to hide that ‘Knight’ was nothing more than a joke. Let them laugh. They had never seen Knight actually fight. While John was the obvious warrior, full of training and strength, Knight simply survived. This made him all the more terrifying. Many an enemy found their end after underestimating Knight’s abilities.
“Oh?” Sherlock congratulated himself on his ability to form monosyllabic words, even though there seemed to be no blood left at all in his head.
But oh, how John had let himself wonder: William’s scent on his skin, the feel of his hair under his palm, the soft arch of his back as John leaned into him, claiming, marking. He wanted William and in those quiet moments in the library, John saw desire flicker in William’s eyes and heard it in the catch of his breath. Perhaps William thought of him as nothing more than an oddity, something to play with and then cast aside when duty called, but John let his mind linger over shared moments and imagined a world where things were different.
It took them far longer than John would have liked to get to Sherlock’s house. By the time they arrived, Sherlock had gone from green to white and looked like he was ready to sit down and never get back up. Luckily John was saved from dragging Sherlock into the house. The front door opened just as they reached the porch. Suddenly it was a whirlwind of activity: Sherlock’s mother clucking her tongue in worry; Sherlock’s father racing to find the keys; everyone being shuffled into their car.
Later, Sherlock would insist that he did not scream. John would agree and insist that what he did was screech. Either way, Sherlock did throw the pillow at John’s head and yelled (shrieked) in a manly (high-pitched) and commanding (terrified) voice, “Penis!”
Sherlock spun on his heel and slammed a plate down. Leaning forward on his knuckles, he stared at the kitchen tabletop. His lips pressed into a thin line. From this angle, John watched Sherlock shake his head.
This time Sherlock met him in the middle. He let one hand flutter to John’s lapel and the other fell to John’s waist. He prided himself on being a quick learner, but in this he felt woefully overwhelmed. It was so basic, just skin against skin, and John’s lips fit perfectly against his own. But that perfection was confounding.  Kissing John was like solving a triple murder while high. His entire body felt too warm, too cold, too everything and he was barely kissing John at all. If there were less clothes, he might very well explode. It was impossible to be calm. Normal people in their normal, boring lives did this regularly, yet here he was about to cling to John in his urgency.
As his eyes adjusted, John saw what could only be Daniel the groundskeeper hefting a shovel like a cricket bat. He had only a second to step back; he raised his arm in a futile effort to block the attack, before the dark blur of the shovel connected with his face. As his vision flared from red to black, he had one last thought:
“Do you have any dishes at all? How the hell do you get anything done?” John snapped open a cupboard and froze. “Are those…?”
“As I said, it was an astonishing level of magic that sealed you away. Stronger than any I have seen before, in fact. A curse, if you will, sealed in blood that stated you and your kind would remain asleep until such time that the castle rose to the clouds. An impossibility at the time, but easily enough done now if you have the money to do so.”
“I broke my ankle twice in the span of one summer. Or rebroke it, I suppose. Decided to climb a tree with the cast still on.” Sherlock frowned and picked at his cast.
Hope and doubt warred in John’s chest: hope that there would be many opportunities to spend time alone and doubt that it would happen. He cast a look into the room before climbing inside; the small room that William had claimed as his study was empty save for them.
Smart. Observant. Of course, she is. John wouldn’t waste his time with someone who isn’t. He pulls away, wrapping the scarf around his left hand, tightening it until the cloth rubs raw the skin on his palm. He is only distantly aware of the persistent ache, the dull throb of burned flesh.
John waved the file before tossing it onto the table. “And where exactly do I fit into all of this?”
He willed his mouth to open, for the words caught in his throat to bellow, but nothing came. His sight flickered, eyelids sticking together uncomfortably. He needed to see, but something in his stomach turned at the thought of fully opening his eyes.
“Bloody awful.” John laughed. Sherlock’s deep laugh soon followed, filling the flat with blessed sound.
“We will have to call her, but yes.” John fumbles with his phone and ducks out into the hallway to find better reception. He keeps an ear out for Sherlock, though. He has never seen him interact with children.
“John!” Sherlock’s voice cracked. God, this was an embarrassment of...embarrassment. The only way it could get worse was if he happened to be naked. Wait, would that help? No, he needed to focus.
If he said no, would that mean John would touch him some more? He hesitated, then slowly nodded. It wouldn’t do to play this out for too long. John would eventually catch on.
His thoughts scattered, broken at the sound of someone approaching him. He shifted his torch into his hand and shoved the bullet casing into his coat. Spinning around, a clever lie began to form on the tip of his tongue. It died there.
