“Hell, that’s somethin’ to drink to,” my dad said, and my brother nearly lost it in a plume of smoke while Bobby sat back in dismay, in awe and horror over the chaos that had ensued because of his singular statement. And it was all I could do to eye Sam, beg him not to play on those stingingly ironic words that had just been said. We didn’t need anymore tension or conflict and no amount of satisfaction or proven points could convince me otherwise of that.
I thought my reply was perfectly acceptable, perfectly understandable and okay. I was doing Dean Winchester a favor while attempting to win that game that I was still obsessing over, and I couldn’t see a single thing wrong with that, but Charlie’s look made me feel like I was the odd one out, like I was committing some irreparable social sin that was too scandalous to speak aloud.
Castiel has two big blue eyes. The first time Dean ever saw them they were framed in sparks and starlight and shotgun residue. But now, as he gazes upon them, there’s nothing more. There’s nothing else. They’re all he needs. They’re good, and real, and true, and fair.
Sam’s figure looms large in the distance and Dean can’t help but look. A cold breeze hits the tears still tumbling down his face, and with a glance Sam pauses. His feet halt in their advance. He’s still.
“Jack sends his apologies. He’s…overwhelmed. With all the work. But he says he’s checked in on you two regularly, and this is the first spot of trouble that’s come up.”
He chewed on his lip upon completing his sentence and let out a sigh through only flared nostrils. It was like watching a machine struggle to power down, struggle to let off steam, and fall into necessary dormancy. I had a strange need to help him, a strange desire to remove at least some of whatever was tormenting him from the equation, because just observing him was exhausting, draining even.
Why was I still literally biting my tongue?
“Humor me then.”
“Of course,” I paused, resolving to go ahead and be daring and say things I wouldn’t normally say. It seemed to work wherever Dean was concerned.
“Sorry to interrupt...but this poor guy’s been waiting here for a good ten minutes in need of a drink, and the bartender currently on duty seems to be a bit distracted.”
“What’s the deal, hm? With you and this Dean guy.”
“Oh...alright. I hope you get home safely, Dean.”
“Cas, I don’t…” Sam chokes. The two rock back and forth together, one bewildered, the other the most religious he has been and ever will be. “I don’t know what to…how did you…”
Those words screamed until my ears rang and my own throat was sore from just the thought of it in my head during the ever-present silence of Wednesdays, apart from the occasional homeless drunkard who begged at the window to be let inside for a free drink or two. In those moments, I let the words distract me from the guilt I felt in turning them away, but their incessant blast of broken homes and guilty memories soon became too much to bear.
I was trying my hardest to maintain my calm and composure, to not lash out as his sudden inability to cease insulting himself or putting himself down, but it wasn’t proving to be easy. It took two hands to count the amount of times that I’d reassured Dean Winchester that his venting to me was not harmful, annoying, or tedious in the least, yet whatever had gotten into him that day seemed to have erased his memory of all such occasions. I soon found myself staring at the top of his head, waiting for his eyes that were trained on his glass of poison-of-choice to lift once more and explain himself, though I was beginning to doubt if that was expecting too much.
“Okay, okay, I won’t bother you anymore,” She replied, earning a sigh of relief from my own mouth. Swiftly and with ease she adjusted the apron tied around her waist, fixed the few strands of fallen hair, and began approaching the door to the kitchen, though I couldn’t help but notice her slowed pace and grin. She wasn’t totally through.
“How do you do that?”
I cocked my head to the right in question, confused by his conclusion and eager to be informed more. Dean didn’t seem to understand my expression, however, and shot me a similar look, but I couldn’t help but notice how dark those circle were, draped under his eyes like thick layers of fabric. It was draining him to speak about his family matters.
“Don’t mention it,” he stated as though it had been rehearsed dozens of times. He was walking towards the door now, and instead of the sound of his feet against floorboards sending excitement running through my veins, it was an omen of loss, of a goodbye that I wasn’t prepared for yet. What had that stare meant? What was I supposed to do?
I had a game to win, and my opponent was this mind-boggling Dean Winchester who looked about ready to order.
“I’ll just leave you guys to it, then.”
“He’s always been the kind to look on the bright side of things,” Dean whispered once a few moments had passed, with a wonderfully fond tone to his words. “But I don’t know, he could be in over his head with this one.”
…I never thought, not even for a fucking second, that it was me. It shouldn’t be me. Cas. You know that. It shouldn’t be me. I’m no good. I’m a liar. I’m angry. I can’t…I can’t even say what you need to hear, even when it’s true, and it’s always been true…”
The thought planted itself in my head.
Dean sighed again, the emotion along his features described earlier falling into line with the exhale of air, and he looked all together as if he wanted to let go, fly into the wind, and leave behind whatever what plaguing him so. And then he rubbed the back of his head, and though I didn’t smile, I acknowledged the habit, and ticked it off in my mind as something I’d officially memorized.
“If by go as planned, you mean did we go?” he retorted, looking to me briefly for either a nod or a shake of my head, and I supplied neither. (In retrospect, I realize that I should have, but Dean continued anyways.)
Removing that same waterlogged overcoat could be compared to peeling away a layer of skin that was glued onto you. I suppose the process was considerably less painful, but equally as annoying and time-consuming, such that I couldn’t even be bothered to place a towel under my coat rack to sop up the water dripping onto the tile floor below. It was a mess I would deal with in the morning, I decided, and one that I would inevitably slip on in the process.
“And how exactly can you enjoy it?”
My whining was half-heartedly remedied by a weak frown into my bottom lip, and despite my false attempt at sounding at all vexatious, I couldn’t help but relish in the light grind of stubble against my lower cheek and chin and the beginnings of consciousness fading back into my partner’s eyes. The same sunlight that had woken me earlier had even more magical effects on those eyes, and just like that the day was destined to not only be good, but maybe even great.
“It’s not annoying,” I managed to croak out, and with each syllable came a drift of relief from the load I was struggling to carry. “It’s part of my job...to listen to strangers ramble on and on about their lives and their issues. I enjoy it, really.”
“Well doesn’t he look a bit unhappy…” one of the apocalypse nuns murmured, nudging her partner and pointing to whoever’d just entered. While I looked at the two women clad in black and white, I could feel the newcomers footsteps rattle the floorboards and wondered what priest could possibly have had such a bad day doing the Lord’s work.
Dean gave me that false smile, eyes squinted and head cocked slightly to the side, before replying, “Double scotch. No ice.”
He paused and rubbed the backside of his head again and I heard a sort-of laugh emerge from his lips this time, and it sounded just as far away, if not even more distant, than mine had.
“I am too. Didn’t see it coming, really,” he answered, honestly, and while it did little to ease my nerves, I was grateful for Sam. I’d never met him, but if my judgment proved mostly correct, it must’ve been Dean’s younger brother that had alleviated whatever tension was between them. I knew that there was no way Dean would’ve been able to swallow down the hurt and the guilt to make amends on his own.
I wasn’t lying, and that gave me some satisfaction. Dean seemed to accept my response, raising his eyebrows high into his forehead and nodding slightly in reply.
“Her husband of seven years, a wealthy prosecutor who drives a red convertible, was sleeping with her male boss,” I stated, and judging by the apallment streaking across Charlie’s face, my voice had been too matter-of-fact-like, as it had been before, and I scolded myself for forgetting to improve.
-I’ve literally been obsessing over you and your situation since the day you walked into this pub and I want to make sure you’re happy and well because there’s never been a person on this Earth that has earned such a reaction out of me like you have, and I don’t understand where those annoying feelings Charlie keeps talking about are coming from, but they’re there, and I can only hope that they’re somewhere inside you as well.-
“No, you said nothing, Kev, nothing of import,” she announced, voice hurried and rushed as if to shoo him off. In my mind, I begged him to stay, because at that moment, he was the only thing standing between Charlie’s temporary silence and the confrontation I so desperately did not want to have. I tried to grab his attention once more, but he was too captivated by Charlie’s alleviation of his guilt or worry of what his words had meant.
Sam sighed with defeat upon realizing he wasn’t going to get much of a reply out of me, the one soul in the room that could successfully prove every single one of his points to be true, and his burning glare only increased my own grip along the back of my neck, where my spinal cord jetted outward of my skin. It was all I could do to trace the outlines they made and wait for my brother to speak, which he did, and upon doing so I felt goosebumps light up the very surface my fingers were grazing across.
“Oh...okay then...I guess…”
“Uh, I think someone’s trying to get your attention, Cas,” Dean whispered to me, still staring at what was now a someone stationed out of my direct line of vision. In that moment, I would’ve bet a million bucks that this someone had red hair, tied in a bun, and was gawking at both Dean and I. But, just to make sure, I turned around slowly on my heels, like an elderly machine creaking to life, to get a look for myself.
That Sunday was oddly significant, that significance evident in the absence I felt down towards the far right of the bar, near the side door and the trash bins, where my apparent soul mate and, somehow, my favorite regular was supposed to be. At least two weeks ago I’d thrown out his schedule of coming solely on Thursdays, and I’d even wondered upon peeling my groggy eyes open that morning if maybe he’d stop by later to relay to me how his weekend had gone. As his friend Bobby had told me, it was a very important one for him, and I’d been waiting on the edge of my seat to hear how it turned out.
After a few moments of tense silence, feeling as though I’d just been put under a microscope and examined like a scientific specimen, I stood back a half-step to admire my work and was satisfied. His shoulders and the first inch or so of his neck was now visible, in what my Dad called the “acceptable-manly-haircut-range,” and I deemed the job to be done. I clapped Sam once on the shoulder, signaling that he could move and get out whatever little-kid jitters he’d accumulated after sitting so perfectly still, but not before saying in a calm, gentle tone,
speak.
I could feel my throat tense, constrict with guilt yet a polite kind of submission. I highly doubted he would listen to anymore pestering, no matter how much sincere concern I showed for his wellbeing and ability to successfully return home. The way his loose, stumbling fingers fumbled dependently on the door knob, as if it was the only thing holding his shaking knees upright, only furthered my theory. He was definitely leaving and wanted no assistance in doing so.
“He really seemed to trust you! Nice work. Have you got him all figured out yet?” Charlie continued after a moment’s silence when she realized that I wasn’t exactly keen on being sociable and keeping the conversation alive. Not only was I trying my best to avoid the questions and inquiries that were sure to be brought up, I felt as though I was betraying that trust Dean had handed to me after being so reluctant to do so earlier, no matter how flimsy or circumstantial that trust may be.
“And thanks again Cas. Really. You’re...I-uh, thanks,” he decided on. The tail end of the sentence was said with uncertainty but he quickly shook it off.
“Why is it so damn impossible to have a civil conversation with you, huh?” Sam demanded. He arose from his seat, arms spread wide with his drink still clutched within his powerful fingers, and challenged my dad to do the same, who followed with about half as much grace.
“That may be...but the real question here is: what is Dean Winchester to you?”
I thought my description of my job and why I enjoyed it was adequate and that it would be good enough for Dean, but he shook his head no, a sign of dissatisfaction that I didn’t comprehend.
“Is...is this a common occurrence?” I inquired. I was on thin ice, but I spied an opening in the distance and I had to act upon it.
“I won’t say it’s not you, Dean. It’s always you for me. That’s what makes me happy.”
Again, I nodded my head in agreement, trying to portray myself as deep in thought and understanding, but simultaneously praying that he asked me no questions on the subject, that I could just be left to keep agreeing politely. I’d come too far to make a fool of myself or be caught up in my halfway lies. Does politeness excuse dishonesty? I didn’t believe so.
What in the world was he even talking about?
I swallowed the hodgepodge of emotions that accumulated somewhere just below the curve of my own throat and nodded my head rather gravely.
. Never have. I don’t think I ever will. I don’t get how you’re everywhere you’re supposed to be and everywhere you’re not. I don’t get how you’re never gone. I don’t get the way you see the world, even though I want to. I don’t get how much you care. I’m jealous of it, actually. And I really don’t get why it’s me for you. I never, not even…
“Doesn’t mean I don’t feel bad about it. But, still, thanks for stickin’ it out and listenin’. It does feel kinda nice to get rid of all this shit.”
“Well, I think you should give yourself more credit, cuz you’re a pretty damn good bartender a not a bad listener.”
What had Dean’s sudden willingness to confide in me meant? The amount of information he’d relayed to me about not only his brother, but his relationship with him and his hidden fear of being left alone with his father, no matter how passive Dean had tried to bring it up, was striking. I’d even nabbed the chance to confirm my theory about his passion for cars, more so than I ever thought possible. And even his out of the blue comments, no matter how discrete or casual they were in nature, had left me a little bewildered, to say the least.
I didn’t even bother turning to reply, for there were no words left to be spoken, and instead focused on the next task at hand: navigating through the winter-wonderland in an attempt to find Dean Winchester. The snow was just starting to pick up, its dusty white substance layering thin on the leafless trees around me and crunching minutely under each step I took. It was utterly freezing though and I could sense the feeling in my fingers and other extremities begin to drain, much like my patience was, but my attention dropped them instantly once I heard the loud roar of an engine trying to start.
“Yeah...I guess you could say that.”
There was barely a millisecond of time where I was met with two wildlife green eyes staring back at my own with an intensity I had never encountered before. It made my skin crawl and my breath catch for a moment within my chest, but then it was gone. His vision turned away as quickly as it had shifted to my neck and rear end of my skull and I'd hardly had enough time to process it, but it had been there. It had graced the back of my head. It was as plain as the look of wonder my face had contorted into, combined with my embarrassment at dropping the keys.
Charlie sighed deeply, the breath blowing a few strands of her hair that had fallen in front of her face during her speech into the air before they fluttered back down to their original, inconvenient post. Eventually she shook her head no, but there wasn’t any sadness in her expression, just hope. Hope that it would happen one of these days.
“You must meet some pretty fucked up people then, hm? You must have a lot of cool stories to share about them!”
Positivity and lightheartedness was not the correct route to take, I believe. Dean’s eyebrows raised far into his head and he smiled that same, misleading smirk before shaking his head no, the gesture full of dread and submission. It was broken.
I watched Charlie’s already large, glittering eyes grow wide with surprise, a surprise that I myself was shocked to see illuminate her irises since she had been the one so adamant in proving that I was “into Dean Winchester,” and not in the platonically curious way, and I was the one who was supposed to be the most surprised. I was admitting a huge, massive revelation to myself out loud for the first time ever, correct?
“If you insist…” he released, admitting his defeat. I marked it down as a victory, a victory more courageous and worthwhile than any other I’d accomplished in my living memory.
Dean Winchester didn’t even fit the image of the mechanic or car junkie that I’d been busy running through my head. He didn’t approach things like a puzzle; he didn’t seem to approach things at all. His eyes were tired, but not with workload. They were exhausted by his homelife, whatever mental state he was in, and they were drained further by what I was beginning to assume was a small drinking problem. (He wasn’t trying to fix that issue, just as an example.) His hair certainly was not unkempt, it fell neatly to the left. He had no trace of a beard anywhere on his upper lip, chin, or neck.
“He doesn’t...he won’t even say anything. He doesn’t even know how to face you, Dad,” Sam exclaimed, leaning forward and throwing his hands into the air with the intensity and heat of his words, though the severity was completely void and depleted from my dad’s face, and to be quite frank, it didn’t seem like he could care any less.
“Her story? And what would that be?”
and I knew that Cas knew what I meant. I loved him more than I’d ever known how, and I closed the door behind me quietly and with as much care as I could muster, as though the volume of the door slam would make the prospect of a long day ahead of both Castiel and I any easier to swallow. I had just about twelve hours to go and I could already feel the subconscious tug of the pub pulling me out of the lengthy hallway that lead to the lobby of our apartment building and away from the route to my car.
Dean had lied to Castiel’s face when the Empty had taken him. It wasn’t an out-loud lie, nor was it intentional, but Dean was such a good deceiver at the tender age of forty-something that sometimes the absence of a response can would morph into a lie all its own.
“Ah damn it, friend-zoned already? I didn’t even have a decent chance, man.”
Castiel doesn’t move. He stands like a monument, like a statue, like a deity, because he is one, and watches Dean work through the muck of his own depressing story of never giving in, never having, never living, never enjoying. And it’s in Castiel’s stillness that he delivers the conclusion of his manifesto:
“Well isn’t he quite the catch?”
“No, I think I’m pretty right on this one,” She implored. “No judging here of course. Hell, I’m happy for you-”
He nodded once more, mouthed nothing and spoke not a word, and I pretended like my guilt had diminished for the time-being.
“There’s always somethin’ to be pissed about.”
“So many different kinds of people come through people with a lot of stories that are all their own. Sad stories mostly, but stories nonetheless,” I began, feeling meaningful words dance around on the edge of my tongue as some sort of send-off. “I’ve found that the best way to feel more at ease about those stories is to share them with an outside source, free of judgement or bias. It helps get things off of your chest.”
I would be lying if I said that the rest of the night was any more eventful, at least until the end. I was served with a few pressingly amused smirks from Charlie from behind the kitchen’s doors that I did my best to ignore, of course. I learned all about a man who’d caught himself in a huge lie about his online alias: a woman of merely twenty one. (Supposedly the profile, made on some website I did not partake in nor have an account on, was only for a temporary joke but multiple people had caught wind of its existence. He assured me he was no creep, just a sadly misunderstood jokester. I didn’t know what to believe.) In between the ups and downs of this middle-aged, round around the middle man of around of, I estimated, fifty-three’s story, I snuck glances at Dean sitting just five bar-stools away with his elbows heavy on the wooden surface and eyes trained on what looked like a divot in it’s face from where someone must’ve dropped a beer keg. There was no thought in his eyes, just alcohol in his throat and minimal intent in his brain.
“Bet he doesn’t even want to anyways…”
Clearing my throat, I asked gingerly, “And what about you? Did you attend college?”
“You think he’s avoiding talking about himself.”
“Dad just SHUT UP!”
“Well, I wasn’t sure that you came on Friday nights. I guess this situation could be called rather unusual.”
I shook my head no firmly, conveying my agreement as strongly as I possibly could.
Please.
“All the more mysterious! He’s living up to his nickname now!” She exclaimed, but paused for a moment before dropping her voice and leaning in towards me, standing on the opposite end of the bar where our topic of conversation had laid his heavy arms just minutes earlier, while I busied myself with wiping the beer dispensers down with what I hoped was a clean cloth. Had it been my turn to do the laundry?
Dean laughed again in the low, dry way he had been and his face contorted into an expression that I didn’t want to see, like my question was forcing words out of his throat in a way so hurtful he couldn’t handle it. It was a silent form of crumbling, a silent way of losing all hope, a silent notice of defeat and exile.
I’d often imagined what I would do if I ever lost, who would bring the loss upon me, and what I would do to redeem myself. The situation at hand was not one that I expected, of course, and as I grabbed my coat from the hanger nearby the back exit, draping its khaki length across my shoulders, I made an important decision. I would not feel bad about the defeat, but I would embrace it. I would challenge it, and, in doing so, I would challenge Dean Winchester in the longest game yet.
Yes, I am. Please explain to me just what it is that I am so hopelessly missing.
“Don’t,” I heard, from another source. It took me a moment to identify it as my father. And, disregarding Dad’s simply phrased command, Sam did it anyway.
“Nothing of any import, she was just asking me about someone I’d met on Thursday,” I said. I wasn’t lying, and that served as a comfort.
But before I got too lost in my concerns and plans for the rest of the night, I decided to fulfill the first part of my duties to each customer and forced myself to say only a few words.
Dad was throwing daggers through his gaze, grinding his together like he was chomping on metal, and it took the last slivers of self-control that I had to not clamp my own mouth shut and just sit back down, wishing to hell and back that everyone would forget what I’d said, but I didn’t, because all I could think about was my failed career in cosmetology and Sam’s arms around my middle and how badly I wanted it all back again. My dad needed to know that.
For those few moments where his fingers laced together with my own, where he tilted his head and I could memorize the very ridges of the lips that were pressed up on mine, and where my fingers dug into the freezing leather of his jacket, I could forget about the world. I didn’t have to worry about understanding everything, I could just be, and that moment was the best state of just being that I could ever have been in. I could feel each sigh of his breath against my own skin and hear every minute noise he made, relishing in the fact that I was pushing such sounds from within. I loved the way his hands felt and I loved the fact that he wanted this too and that I wasn’t crazy. This was okay.
It was raining outside again, though I didn’t really see how it was possible. It was a chilly thirty-one degrees outdoors and my breath had been visible and foggy in front of me as I raced down the street and into the only slightly warmer walls of my apartment building, and I blew into my hands as I climbed the creaking steps until I reached the third floor, trying my hardest to be adamant in keeping up with my physical health since it felt as though the majority of my time was being spent at the pub, and marveled at the dull noise the freezing raindrops made as they hit the windows’ thin glass. The end of November was a time most often filled with heavy snowflakes that blanketed cars in an impenetrable shield of white, a time I usually dreaded, but I agreed that icy winds and frozen water droplets were better than a soaked overcoat.
Hello, you have reached the end of the fourth installment, and I hope you have found it at least satisfactory! I'm a little more behind than usual at the moment, since I'm not quite done with part five yet, and with school fast approaching, I may struggle with the current weekly schedule. I will do my best to maintain it though, as long as you promise to be understanding if it becomes too much!
I believe that, at some point and after much too long of a silence, I opened my mouth again to speak, sew together some weak thread of a response upon impulse, but the sound of the back door creaking noisily open startled the both of us out of our words and my head turned sharply to the right. I wasn’t sure whether to be relieved of the pretzel-hunter’s arrival or to dread it, because the rest of the night would be spent in an awkward, hanging sort of position with the rest of the conversation between Charlie and I dangling just above our heads while Kevin, ever the clueless one, would be kept out of the loop. Quickly my attempts to refrain from becoming irate had vanished; the already boring Friday night was shaping out to be the worst I’d had in a long time.
I would've scrambled downward at a breakneck pace to retrieve them, blurted out a rather incomprehensible apology to my boss for my clumsiness, only to watch him chuckle, roll his own eyes and leave, but there was another presence nearby, and their line of vision was burning its way into the back of my head. So as I found myself crouching down to pick up the pieces of my failed mission that lay sprawled out on the hardwood, I turned my neck just under ninety degrees to sneak the faintest of glances at the new-coming, alcohol-consuming extraordinaire in the few half seconds that I had to do so, and I was met with what I wasn't sure was a triumph or something to be hopelessly alarmed at:
“Yeah, probably. Bobby said he doesn’t need me for very long today, just until around 4 o’clock I think.”
“Shit, you’re the little kid of the bunch then?” He exclaimed, the sound of his jubilant voice reverberating off of the quiet and darkened walls surrounding us.
I was confused by that statement, the emotion made visible by my habitual turn of my head to the left. Charlie caught the action and grinned yet again, amused by my lack of understanding but she explained her reasoning, thankfully.
The heat erupting along my face stung, such that it restricted my ability to speak, and all I could croak out was a weak yet overwhelmingly sincere and meaningful
I took a long, crisp inhale of tense air into my lungs, letting the energy within it light up my lungs, before speaking once more, hoping it would drive home the point.
Yet, even from my spot behind the bar that good twenty-five feet away, I caught the spark of recognition alight his dazed eyes, and a slight escape of relieved breath blew past my lips. Dean cocked his head to one side, squinted his deep brow, and made an expression emulating strained thought. I suppose the strain was too much on his intoxicated brain, however, and he soon let the loss of his so well-kept secret slide with a shake of his head. Soon after he turned around clumsily on his heels and exited the pub, letting in a gust of cold air as he did so that blew straight into my direction and ruffled the few strands of hair that had come loose atop my head.
The drawbacks of Dean and I’s most intricate exchange yet were minimal, but still present, like a small insect that continued to buzz around your ear but never flew in close enough for you to swat it away permanently. Kevin had picked up on my new interest, being the observer he was, and had tried several times to inquire me further about the matter, but I never said very much for there wasn’t too much I could think of in reply. I explained to him my challenge of figuring out how Dean Winchester worked and why I was so adamant in doing so: he’d eluded me for three nights in a row now, and there was simply no way I could let that slide. But, judging by the way he exchanged a fleeting but very amused look with Charlie, he had taken it in the wrong way, the most incorrect way, and there was little that I could do to fight the pungent red from spreading across my otherwise pale cheeks.
“You probably need to put these on before you go out anywhere,” he informed me, the sadistic humor in his voice mixing with his general helpfulness until I couldn’t tell if he was being sincere or not, and just shook my head no with exasperation. Yes, I hadn’t noticed my lack of under or outer garments until seeing my work drawn out across Cas’s back, but it didn’t serve as much of an issue to me.
Dean Winchester’s footsteps left the door and with it took the last sound in the vacant pub, the last sound other than my heartbeat pounding loud and fast in my chest.
He moved first, like an old engine roaring to life, but this life seemed far worse than the previous one. Instead of the anger lighting up his freckled face red and blotched, instead of the crease in his eyebrows that cast wrinkles down on his cheeks that far surpassed his age, or instead of his passive kind of sadness, there was something new lying in his features that I didn’t know how to handle, contrary to the belief I had that I tried to soothe myself with.
“One: you’re not what most people would call the usual kind of sociable. I have a hard time believing that you were just talking to Dean for the heck of it, that isn’t something you do.”
In my habitual way of reacting to anything remotely out of the norm, I nearly tossed the bundles of glasses I was carrying in between my fingers in shock at her ludicrous statement. What in the world was she talking about?
“No...no Charlie, don’t apologize,” I stammered as I stitched my reply together in a way that would include each point I wanted to make in a way that wasn’t too insensitive or factual. “It’s fine, truly. I know you were only joking. I shouldn’t have taken it so harshly.”
“Heh, maybe it’d actually get you to check your phone for once-”
“You’re distressed about something,” I answered steadily and slowly. “Until you feel well enough to tell me and get it off your chest, I’ll wait here.”
or, when those times were spent in my favorite way, wrapped up in the sheets I had to so sadly leave earlier with legs intertwined in the way they had been that morning with that same bartender I’d come to know and love so much. Those occasions were still mind-blowing, over a year later, and I just couldn’t seem to wrap my head around the fact that he was mine, and vice versa, and that I was happy in a way that I still cannot even begin to describe.
That’s what I wanted to say, but I paraphrased to the best of my ability.
Because in reality, that closure was just a shield to what I knew was true somewhere underneath the disguise of the game, of my used-to-be intentions, and of my dismissal of Charlie’s words and her lesson on the art of soul mates. Deep down, I wanted the lesson to be true, and I wanted to be living it then.
Charlie shot me her own kind of smile, one full of knowing and amusement, and I often found myself subject to that gaze. I pushed its somewhat demeaning nature aside as she approached me, dropping that same lively voice down to something resembling a whisper.
It was a cold, November Thursday when he'd first arrived. It was just after ten-thirty PM and I'd finished a rather awkward conversation with a startlingly old lady, who'd ordered nothing but straight Irish whiskey and complained about her husband's inability to unload the "damn dishwasher, which he hasn't repaired in six years," and I was cleaning out a fresh round of shot glasses for any of the daring and fun-seeking souls to arrive later that night with a thin rag.
“You remember him, right?” Dean continued, causing me to snap out of thought that I hadn’t even realized I’d been consumed in, and I nodded my vigorously, eager to let him know I’d paid attention to what he’d relayed to me. Perhaps it would make the “friend” word ache a little less.
“Sam and Dean Winchester...has a good ring to it,” she remarked, her voice faraway and distant as though she in the middle of a daydream.
Charlie suddenly dug into the side pocket of her dark jeans, removing the pointed bulge and tossing it to Kevin: her car keys. Even through my panic, I couldn’t help but raise an eyebrow at the action and wondered just what kind of request she had in store for the poor, always-able soul. Kevin was sadly and terribly difficult not to take advantage of.
“What is Sam interested in?”
It was my famous last and unspoken word.
“Dean is fine.”
“You’re an angel, Castiel. Any guy or gal would be incredibly lucky to call you their own.  And don’t forget that conversation we had about soulmates the other day. Very educational stuff.”
“...no offense.”
Eventually, however, I saw Dean’s shoulders sag in a sigh and his lips parted slightly, over and over again, in search for the words he needed to stitch together his reply, and I waited patiently for as long as I was capable.
“There’s a whole helluva lot of people out there in the great wide world and we’re lucky enough to meet them all in here, when they’re at their lowest. If you’re even luckier, you get to meet someone here that is more special than the rest, that means something to you even where they’re in such a shitty state. You should keep an eye on that someone...maybe even slip ‘em your number on a napkin, if you know what I mean…”
In only a few short moments, as promised, I’d presented the drink to Dean and he fell into routine silence once more, leaving me to fend for myself and develop a strategy, one of stealth and cleverness, and one that would require me to make no social errors and speak with no awkward monotone voice. It was sure to be a difficult task, though I needed to be prepared. It needed to be carried out.
“Y-yeah...we’re ready,” I whispered, drawing my fingers slowly out of his, though no sense of loss came with the departure this time, and waited until he was just about seated within the passenger’s seat to enter the vehicle myself. My vision darted toward the pub one last time, perhaps to see if I could catch a glimpse of Charlie, since I owed her the biggest of thank yous, but the pub was dark and the parking lot was barren and empty. She’d left, probably giggling about whatever she thought would occur between me and Dean in the minutes and hours that followed her invigorating speech about my stupidity and my destiny, and I hoped she was having as good of a night as I was.
“So,” She began, foreboding locked tightly in her tone. I couldn’t tell whether she was being dramatic to purposefully drive me mad, or if the subject at hand really meant that much to her.
“You’re saying that it’s a crime for me to attempt to get to know Dean Winchester?” I snarled under my breath, growing impatient and deciding to no longer fight the defensive edge to my voice that I’d been trying to conceal.
“What am I supposed to do?” I said, nearly whimpering, and it was a miracle that Charlie could hear me at all.
“Ah...cool. My old man used to be like that too.”
While his current response to the ordeal told me otherwise, what I knew about Dean and how the two brothers had grown up lead me to believe that he wasn’t dreading the visit in that he couldn’t stand to see his younger sibling, but instead, he was scared of what would come of it. Terrified even, since nothing else I could think of would drive him to come to a crowded bar on a Friday night. I needed to play my next few responses carefully.
“Huh? Who’s this Cas?” Sam interjected, humor and the knowledge that he was being hopelessly inconvenient and annoying evident in his voice. And upon second thought, maybe my younger brother knew more than I’d expected and hoped.
“Well then I at least suggest drawing the blinds. While the light is nice, I highly doubt you want the outside seeing you in such a state.”
“I KNOW! That’s why you need to go out there and show him, ya freakin’ idiot!” she shouted, more aggressively than I’d ever known her to be. I was milliseconds away from following her orders, about to dash in and around the bar and towards the door Dean had exited out of, when I felt myself freeze. I couldn’t plan ahead. I didn’t know what to do.
“It’s not really an offer, I’m afraid,” I retorted. Soon after I backed up a step, because Dean was about to exit his vehicle. I could see his hands linger around the inside door handle, the same hands that had lingered around mine, and I shivered with something other than the cold.
weren’t sacred. They were being cut down the middle by a lumbering younger sibling who looked as though someone had cut a hole in their chest and was yanking out their heartstrings one by one.
Cas shakes his head. “You don’t have to.”
"Keep the change."
After Dean had paid me his odd compliment, calling me both a good bartender and “not that bad of a listener,” and after I’d repaid him by ignoring the usual price of his beverage, we somehow fell onto the topic of Dean’s own brother, Sam Winchester. I’d gotten the general, overall picture of who Sam was during Dean’s previous visit, but it proved to be very beneficial to hear the less intoxicated version of things.
“I don’t know...you just make it so easy to talk to you about my ‘feelings’ ‘n stuff,” Dean confessed. “I’ve only known you for a couple ‘a weeks and you know more about me than my damn family does. How do you do that?”
Dean S. Winchester.
I began inching my forward, my steps along the dark hardwood floor small and helpless, until I was sure all the fiddling with the object in my pocket and the wandering of my eyes in the world couldn't prevent him from noticing my presence advancing towards him. I could never been one-hundred percent sure, however, since he still refused to meet my eyes head on. I would be lying if I said that it wasn’t beginning to drive me crazy.
I was a mess, nothing more than one of the regular messes that came through to pester Cas. Why was I at all special?
“Well then what is it? You’re not gonna get off that easily, Castiel!” She exclaimed, suddenly jumping up and down on her feet, but not before we both heard a third party enter the room from the kitchen whilst tying a spotless apron around his waist. He, being Kevin, had obviously taken it home to be washed for the fifth time that week.
I didn’t dwell on that last feeling for very long though, in fear of unlocking or realizing something that I intuitively knew I was avoiding. My mind wasn’t ready to face what it had created for itself just yet, it wasn’t prepared to confront the emotions it had strategically placed in the back of its mind. Besides, I wouldn’t have had time to think or obsess about its presence too much, because it was well past two-thirty in the morning when I finally arrived home, eyes blurry with exhaustion and excitement and my heart fluttering as fast as a hummingbird’s wing, words and phrases and looks and sentimental value flooding every corner and every square inch of space in my brain.
“I did have an actual point in bugging you right now, besides attempting to save you from the Jesus freaks and ‘apocalypse-now’ crazies.”
I nodded and stuffed the hopefully-clean-rag-now-soiled in the dirty laundry bin underneath bar and it landed with a resounding, damp and squishy thud.
“And...Gabriel is the closest in age to me. He’s also the one that drives me the most crazy. He’s very loud, very rude, and has no filter. Somehow he landed a job as a radio personality and he’s living in Boston right now, with one of however many girlfriends he’s had over the years.”
“Definitely. Nothing like gettin’ under the hood of an old clunker and making it roar back to life again. It never gets old.”
Charlie was wrong. She was only pulling my leg.
Right?
“You…you can’t drop shit like that on me. You
“They will? How can you be so sure?”
“I’m an unbiased listener. That means I’ll listen to whatever is going on people’s lives because everyone needs a chance to get things that have been plaguing them off of their chests. It comes with the job, I suppose, and I enjoy being able to help people, even if it’s only in a small way.”
“No, whatever, I don’t really care. I’m just callin’ to ask if you can close up shop today. Ellen says she needs some help down at the Roadhouse ‘n all, and I thought you’d be willin’ to pitch in an extra couple ‘a hours. I’d pay ya!”
“I’ll look forward to it then,” he replied and stretched forward, showing a little more of his not-so-clothed figure than I believed he’d intended to, and it was my turn to laugh a little.  Though whether it was at his state or the genuine happiness he still felt over the idea of me visiting him at work, I didn’t know.
It felt as though Dean was just hours from knowing me, learning my quirks, playing me, and beating me at that god-forsaken game. That had to be his motive for engaging in such an uncharacteristically civil and yet slightly tense conversation. That had to be it. It was closure, it eased the insanity in my head, it helped relax and close my eyes, and dim the light in my head. And I clung to that closure like a safety blanket, like it was the only thing separating me from the rain outside, still paddling against my windows and gutters, and drew it up to my cheeks along with with my blankets. I hung on to it through the night, let its ignorance and denial warm me up from the inside out, and ignored what I was so desperately fighting to push away.
It had been an innocent question, so innocent in fact that it stung to even think about lying to Sammy, let alone doing it. But I’d been sworn onto every oath my Dad could think of to keep his whereabouts quiet, to keep Sam in the dark, warning me in great detail of the toll it could have on my “impressionable little brother” if he knew that he went out every night. To work is what he told me. I didn’t see what was so wrong with Sam knowing our father worked a ton, that maybe he’d even be proud someday to have such a hardworking dad, but he wouldn’t have it. I had to lie, and eventually my intuition had reached a point where I understood why.
“You sure?”
I’ll never forget the look in Dean’s eyes after that statement had been thrown into the space between us, let loose to grow and expand and change its surroundings in any way it deemed necessary. Shock or surprise wouldn’t be the correct term, and try as I might to search my brain for the proper phrasing, I could lay in thought all day and still not find the best way to describe it. But, I like to think that my suggestion to him, my offering of an unbiased ear, meant something to him.
I found his apology odd, unnecessary even, and by the looks of it, he did as well. Instantly he cast his gaze downward and into his awkward and forced silences, something I knew he did out of habit, and I smiled to myself with pride at picking up such a detail. But my moment of self-absorption soon faded away as I answered him, eager to let him know that no form of “sorry” was needed.
He was obviously stressed, or he wouldn’t be hunched over with a crease in his brow staring at a dent in the bar’s surface, seemingly unable to give off any true emotions or let out even the smallest puff of steam. So I imagined cars and repairing them came as a hobby, a reliever of that impending stress, and he probably owned one that he was awfully proud of. (I’d once met a man who drove a classic Volkswagen Beetle that his father had bestowed upon him after passing of cancer, and he then proceeded to down an infamous number of shots and crash the car into the telephone pole just outside the pub. He was uninjured and I got to make my first 911 call on the job.)
It irked me how correct she was.
Dean Winchester had been taught to lie for the greater good, the greater good that was his brother and those who existed in his kindred orbit. John made that clear and made the consequences even clearer. Sammy was not to be troubled if the trouble could be avoided. And there was a route out of this. Dean could see it splayed in the same shades of grey he’d swam through in years’ past.
We were tiptoeing on glass.
“What-what do you mean-?”
“I know I said I was sorry earlier for being such an asshole about this whole Dean Winchester thing, but this isn’t me being an asshole. This is me saving your ass.”
“Nope, not yet. Still lookin’ for the right gal.”
The grind of his stubble increased from soft to rough as the amount of pressure put in the lack of space between our lips grew until Cas himself uttered an exhale of breath so uncharacteristically dirty that my damn hips bucked. This surely wasn’t good; this was not the best of ways to make a day productive, but not a single ounce of me planned on protesting. And as the ridges of his lips rubbed up and down against my own, tongue entering and exiting my agape mouth as it pleased, I thought perhaps work could wait. Like I said, Bobby wouldn’t notice whatever state of neatness I arrived in, and he surely wouldn’t be bothered if I showed up a little late then, correct? All I had to make sure of was that he couldn’t see the pinkened skin Cas was beginning to suck on, furiously, like he was the one on a time limit, and damn did my hips fucking roll-
“Thanks Dean,” Bobby said, and while I would’ve been far more reluctant to agree to his slightly painful request, the things Bobby had done for me over the years far outweighed four extra hours of work, so I held my tongue, much like Cas was holding my hips loosely in both of his hands, staring blankly at the very uninteresting ceiling.
There’s not enough time to say what he needs to. Sam is closing the trunk and sprinting to them now, another spare Henley shirt balled up in his trembling fist. And Dean’s mouth is sewing itself shut. The sensation tells Dean that a large part of him wants to lie, wants to retreat behind those defenses he’s been taught to construct and maintain, but the other voice rings true. The other voice convinces Dean to take this moment of cosmic fairness in stride.
The revelation was stored away in my head like a piece of my very own hard drive, a section of my brain I’d somehow been functioning without, and I relished in the way it locked in place within the puzzle of Dean Winchester. He worked on cars...I knew that much. It could be his job, a mechanic of some sorts, but usually people were known to come to pubs directly after work and many still wore their uniforms. I’d come in contact with many mechanics over the years, one of which accidentally got his arm stuck in a muffler, and they’d always worn the mildly uncomfortable looking full-body suits that always seemed to come in baby blue. Dean had not worn anything of the sort in the two times that I’d seen him, but still smelled strongly of that black oil and gasoline. I checked car mechanic off my list and moved on.
Dean looked on at me with his mouth converting into a small smile of curiosity, relief, yet a little twinge of surprise, and seeing that I was in no shape to initiate anymore conversation, he took the reigns.
He'd spoken.
Dean shook his head incredulously, like he was lost for words or had lost the ability to speak them, but I didn’t press. I simply waited for the response to come to him, and it did, after another swig of his drink. I would offer him more of his favorite stress-reliever after he finished his piece.
“Aw sweet! Remember any of the bands?”
There was nothing said in response to that and I filled the gap in communication by placing his drink in front of his wavering vision, and he took it upon impact, throwing it back and downing at least half of the contents in one go while I did my best to mask my shock and worry at just what had driven him to this state.
“Something like that.”
All she got in response was the sinking of my shoulders and a harsh glance, hopefully letting her know that as happy as I was to see her, I was simply not in the mood for her shenanigans, and that I had work to do. I had a conversation to start and a shell to crack. Unfortunately, while Charlie did understand the intent behind my stare, she also took it as a yes, confirming her theory, and a look of excitement and thrill lit up her face. I hoped she’d let me handle this one on my own, though.
“Pfft...cleaning to Charlie is putting water on a paper towel and wiping the top of a table once or twice. Not exactly thorough.”
“I miss the hell outta Sam, every day. I see Dean at least once a damn week but I never getta see Sam anymore, because he ran away the second he could,” he explained, eyeing everyone up before his gaze fell onto me. “I don’t know what kinda thoughts you planted into his head, boy, but he left and I was stuck with you, after I promised to keep you guys home, after I promised Mary I wouldn’t let ya outta my sight.”
“If anything, I think God would be more upset with the amount of marriages that end in bitter, financially driven divorce. I don’t think the gender of the participants concerns him, nor has it ever.”
, he let the voices have their way with him and resolved to choose a side just as his lungs flexed their last.
My interviewer’s eyes widened in a way that far surpassed the contents of the conversation and I had to remind myself that he wasn’t all that intoxicated, and he hadn’t even asked for a second drink like he always did.
She wasn’t that hard of a puzzle to fit together. She was obviously living a lifestyle close to, if not already, luxury. I estimated that she was in her mid-fourties, a time in which dying hair was popular, and there were very few people with hair as raven-shaded as hers, so she’d been an avid partaker in hair styling. Her face was dolled up with makeup, an example being her running mascara, and she was wearing a white, lace blouse. I would’ve just assumed she’d been coming from a meeting of some import, but underneath her blouse and along her legs were jeans, so she simply had the money to present herself well. And, of course, she’d told me all about their nice suburban home, deluxe-model cars, and the rest of the suburban-life stereotype that I’d come to know so well. With such a life came scandal-”everyone knows that the suburbs are a nasty, secret-ridden place,” my boss once told me in a laugh-so the puzzle pieces fit well. Easily. And in one night.
Sam drifts away from Dean, though Dean can’t tell exactly when or how. There’s new firmness to his neck all of a sudden but as his hands reach to examine the surge of strength, he’s removed from the wooden post of the dingy, battered barn. There’s a stitching heat in the center of his being and then there’s nothing. Dethroned like Jesus Christ being preemptively removed from the cross, Dean wonders who botched the execution job. He laughs at the thought; the voices in his head are quieter.
“Guys!” I shouted, suddenly, using my last bit of courage on a single outburst to gain their attention. In an instant, Bobby, Sam, and my dad’s eyes all fell onto my figure, which had now risen fully out of my seat and was standing with both feet planted firmly on the floor below. To those who lacked an inside look at the workings of my quickly failing mind, one might think that I was about to resolve the situation, or perhaps ease the tension, reveal something of great worth and stature that could help everyone come to a consensus. But such an assumption couldn’t have been more wrong, and judging by the way Sammy was staring at me with eyes sadder than I’d seen in years, even sadder than the day he’d said goodbye to me and flown to the West Coast, he was not under any such impression. He just knew me too well.
Dean stopped himself suddenly, perhaps realizing that a look of total, utter love had painted itself across his face, and I may have found the expression humorous had I not been so distracted in my internal yet largely important victory: I’d guessed that Dean Winchester was an avid lover of cars several days ago, and now it was a proven fact. I was getting better. I was getting closer.
“It’s kinda like that, I guess. Without my dad and all the shit he put us through, I wasn’t sure who I was. If dad was fine ‘n great, I wouldn’t know how to be a brother to Sammy, or how to do things on my own, or how to be strong. If he hadn’t done what he did, I guess that would mean I couldn’t teach Sammy how to not do those things. So...in some twisted as fuck way...it was worth it. He turned out alright, didn’t he?”
“I thought he cared about me too, fuck, I wanted to think that…”
“I doubt their all priests, probably deacons actually, and-”
I scrawled those words down in my mind and stored them away to be reviewed at a later time, because I’d decided to invade my notes’ subject’s walls and sneak a peek at just what was the matter.
“Cas…”
“Oh...heh, thanks…” He murmured once the newly replenished beverage had been returned to him. And I suppose I was still a little high off the conversation, off of the memories that were just beginning to forcefully fade away, or off the discreet but nonetheless present complement my companion had handed me with impeccable ease and casualness, because I couldn’t bother giving Dean the trouble of paying.
“Why, is it that obvious?” I continued. Darting over to a dusty, rusted old mirror hung behind the bar where I was stationed, cleaning its surface as diligently as I could without nodding off due to the physical exertion, I took note of the bags under my eyes and the general sunkenness of my face. Yes, it was painfully obvious. My question to Charlie lost its meaning or purpose, but still she answered with a minute smile of sympathy on her face.
He laughed dryly, the sound weezy and ultimately false, at what I thought was a rather sad, yet hard to trace, comment bringing down his own personality and life choices, and it certainly did not strike me as a statement to be laughed at. Regardless, I continued to listen intently to every breath that passed his lips, recording the sentences and the ways in which they were said in my head with utmost care.
“Law. Gonna be some lawyer one of these days...the next Judge Judy is what I told him,” Dean answered. “He gets mad at me when I say that.”
Dean’s eyes widened as he bobbed his head “yes,” indicating that I was in the right to make such a remark and that he agreed, strongly.
Dean's voice sounded just like he should have, in my opinion after having invasively stared at him for the past few hours or so. It was deep and rough around the edges, like its noise was reverberating around in his chest and rasping as it did so, but no amount of gruffness could take away from the firm and present intent his speech had. I imagined, from those three words, that whatever Dean S. Winchester said was always taken seriously.
It didn’t even matter that Dean had downed the last of his drink at that point, and that it was messing with his mind, increasing the incoherentness and decreasing most levels of intelligent thought, along with his basic fine-motor skills (his hands had begun fumbling over the empty glass), because I clung to the idea that there was a fragment of truth to his reply. I held on to the chance that the alcohol amplified some deep secret locked away, and that he did appreciate me lending in ear, and that maybe I wasn’t just imagining it all, and that maybe the hole I’d dug myself into was worth it.
“Well yeah, chick-flicks butcher it,” she agreed, rolling her eyes. “but there is some truth to the idea, at least I think so. I like to think that we all have someone waiting out there. Even the whole meeting by chance, like in the rain, in a cab, and- hell, even in a bar!” She spread her arms open wide and motioned toward the scenery around us. It hardly seemed like the place for two people destined for love to meet for the first time; it could take a large amount of the dramatic effect away.
“Of course. Give me just a minute.”
And the feeling of Dean’s hand in my own once more told me that he didn’t care much either.
Somewhere throughout the night, the online-aliased man mentioned something about his cousin finding the profile and showing awkwardly flirtatious interest, a detail that I figured was a highlight of the saga I’d been listening to for a good twelve minutes, but I had to cut him off, if only briefly. The last of Dean Winchester’s double scotch, with no ice, had passed his lips, and, if my time with him proved to be historically correct, he was definitely not there for just one drink.
My words were hushed and quickly deemed utterly useless, and judging by the way Dean’s eyes grew in sight at the way my face had reddened and the way my voice had dropped considerably in volume let me know, for sure, I’d been exposed, but I didn’t bother looking in his direction until many tension-filled moments later because I wasn’t in the mood to risk a peek. It would surely prohibit me from speaking anymore.
Cas is watching as Sam darts away. Moonlight bounces off his eyes and excitement thrums in between Dean’s panic at the moment he turns and confronts him with the full force of his gaze.
“Hello?”
“Unfortunately,” I muttered, heart breaking over the longer of the two hand’s position over the “one” on the clock’s face. I wish I could push it backwards a good two hours so we could resume without much worry, but I could hear my long-forgotten coworker begin to shuffle tiredly out of the kitchen and knew it was too late.
She was right...in her implications, at least. Judging by the sound of her voice, and the presence of those same undertones I’d spent the entire night replaying in my memory, there was more to her final argument than an outside eavesdropper could detect, but I understood. She knew there was more to my story and reasoning than I would ever let on, and suddenly I felt as though I was under the gaze of an X-ray machine, my insides lit up and open for the public to see, and she was reading me like a book. (I hoped to God that this wasn’t what those I spoke to at the bar felt like.) It was as if she’d been sitting feet away from me during my late night crisis, watching each of my layers peel back until we stumbled upon the false closure I’d held like a security blanket, and there was just no stopping her from seeing straight through that, as well.
One may think that the Friday night shifts would pack the most excitement and the largest assortment of bar crawlers, but the Friday night customers at most every pub were rather predictable. In the occasional times I'd worked the shift, I'd taken note of the college fraternity boys, who traveled in loud and unruly packs, as if they were incapable of disbanding and making decisions themselves, as well as speaking within a reasonable volume. Following them were the temporarily innocent sorority girls, who also trailed behind their male counterparts so closely that I imagined their roles like mother and child. It always pained me to know that the giggling purity that was dwindling in their hands would soon be stripped from them, but there was little one could do to pull them apart from the frat boys with beer dribbling down their chin and supposedly sexual murmurings escaping their slurred lips. I never had understood the attraction.
As the other two entities walked out the door, causing that same bell to give a jingle that now rang harshly in my ears, since the usual hop and bustle of the pub had died down at that late hour, my eyes flicked upward to the clock above my head and I read the time: 1:58 AM. We closed in two minutes, and I knew I was now obligated to cut the mystery man off and ask for his method of payment for the last couple drinks.
And so, at the end of it all, I do love Castiel Novak. I truly can’t deny how good it feels to be someone’s favorite, and I’ll never get over how fortunate I am to be able to say that out of all the crazy, screwed up people with the equally as destructive problems begging to be dealt with, out of all the middle-aged suburban woman, drunk nuns and other men and women of vocation, rowdy college frat boys, and all the typical bar creeps and possible criminals Cas deals with on a daily basis, I am his favorite regular.
I acted, finally, after waiting until the very last second. I moved my arms forward and swung both of my hands inward and around what I hoped would be the keys, but when I felt their metal surface scratch against my fingertips and slide past, I knew I'd failed in my painfully basic mission. My senses faded in their intensity, my arms began falling back to my sides, and I watched with a now disheartened gaze as the keys clattered to the wooden floor with a harsh clang.
“But for real, does anyone ever ask you about you?”
Charlie nodded her head forward, ever so slightly, before locking eyes with my own and staring more intensely than I’d ever experienced in my life, as though she was sending me off to war, off to my death bed, and about to beg and plead and urge me to survive. And, by the looks of my trembling hands and unnerved stomach, such a comparison was startlingly accurate.
I waited until Charlie had disappeared behind the kitchen doors, sending me a few winks as she did so that I did my best to deflect and ignore, before turning cautiously back to the subject of Charlie and I’s heated exchange. He hadn’t moved much, aside from his hand and his lips as they curled forcefully around his glass’s rim, and eventually I got tired of the silence and decided to try my luck once more. He didn’t seem entirely opposed to talking, and four days ago I’d gotten more sentences out of him than I’d ever hoped, so my odds weren’t awful.
“You are lucky that Jack is so observant. He almost missed it. I couldn’t hear anything in there. In the Empty. I was totally blind when he pulled me out and had no idea where you and Sam were.”
But upon succeeding in my mundane yet oddly challenging task, my head shot upwards and eyes instantly met his in an attempt to look aware and polite. It took a great deal of self control to not draw back in shock and confusion, however, and the eyes staring back at me, the ones attached to Dean Winchester’s skull, were cold. I was shivering long before I’d made my tentative way over to him and placed my hands on the bar’s edge just in front of him, noting that the mannerism was borderline habitual.
No. Zero-sum implied two losers, both he and the greater Beyond. Surely the Big-U Universe wanted him limp and breathless. Why else would this be happening? Why else would his fingers be losing their feeling? God, the tingle was infectious. He craved for it to spread and to quell the hurt. It wouldn’t be long. If he could just close his eyes…
“If...if you’re referring to what Kevin said earlier, I can assure that it’s nothing. I was just being sociable, that’s all, since no one else was at the bar…”
“You’re the ones who all think I’m a drunk, that ‘imma lousy father, that I gotta be locked away ‘n some facility...well if you get to confess whatever the hell’s on your minds, then I do too!”
For the first time in my career, or at least the first time that I could remember in several years of being stationed at that bar, I didn’t take the time to hear everyone out. Asking them about their evening, smiling when they shouted in their already drunk speech, obviously arriving from another pub, and making their drinks was as far as I was willing to travel that night, and the lack of depth in the actions nearly drove me crazy. It felt incomplete, shallow, wrong, and the fact that no one else involved in the exchanges seemed to think so was almost just as troubling, but the goal I was aiming for at the end of the evening was more maddening than those depicted annoyances combined into one.
A large piece of me was naive, I suppose. I just couldn’t wait to see Dean Winchester, hands resting comfortably in the pockets of his age-old jacket, with a smile on his face, eyes lit up with the relief of having reconciled with his broken apart family, walk through the front door and order drinks in a happy way. I wanted to serve the happy Dean, the soothed one, the relieved one, because it was the Dean I’d come to know the least and that fact was eating away at my heart the more I thought about it. It was more of a mental exercise to crane my memory and recall what he looked smiling versus what he looked like staring sadly at nothing, waiting for the night to pass.
“I’ll stop by later tonight, I promise,” I said, grabbing my coat that was hung near the bed, because upon purchasing my first apartment for two, one has to give up the luxury of having a door more than ten feet from your bed, and getting ready to leave for good that time, no more surprises or distractions or dangerously intoxicating hands along my waist to keep me from going to work. I did intend on keeping my promise though, since I hadn’t paid a visit to the pub in a long while and it just so happened to be a place of rather large worth to Castiel and I.
“Oh...t-thanks…” I stuttered, feeling as though my own senses were failing me, but I had much less valid of an excuse.
My head shot up at the sound of the door opening, the bell attached the doorframe chiming for the seventeenth-dozen time that day. With his entrance came a weight into the room, like the constant chatter of the customers and the clinking of glasses subsided for a moment to take this presence in, and his heavy outer-garments I described earlier didn't help in the least. He blocked out the streetlight that usually seeped in from the door's windows with his shoulders and his shadow, which had originally painted itself across the immediate wooden floor beneath his feet, combined with the new resulting darkness.
“I know. I’ll see you then,” he answered, sitting up fully in bed and unintentionally showing off the front of him and all the places I’d left my fingerprints a few hours prior. I didn’t dare look for very long though in fear of succumbing once more.
I would learn the story behind the rumble of his voice, the flecks in his eyes, the freckles along his cheeks, the silence in his bones, and the secrecy etched into his very programming no matter how long it took. The time limit I was usually confined to, one singular night, would not apply to this round of the game , which relieved the deal of stress losing would usually inspire and replaced it with fascination, excitement, and a fiery determination.
“It was stupid,” he added, with finality, as though the matter was really closed and that I would just leave it there, to torture him and keep him wallowing in the swell of self-hatred arising from his insides in a magnitude that I’d never witnessed. I was almost disappointed in him; he knew me better than that. I bent over and behind the bar, searching for the bottle I’d poured from earlier, and while I refilled his glass, I said the following,
you can’t. And, fuck, I know why you did it. I…I just don’t get –”
Perhaps it would’ve helped my case more if I hadn’t been able to identify Dean Winchester through Charlie’s horribly blunt nickname, but I could immediately pinpoint the very features in which she was speaking of-and yes, Dean Winchester had a fantastically stern jawline-but I was bound and determined to fight her implications and giggling jokes.
If he’d corrupted an angel to that degree, Heaven didn’t seem likely.
“Geez, Castiel, get a grip! You’re obviously into the guy. I can see how you look at him! He’s totally gorgeous, with those damn green eyes and rugged jawline. I would be right there with ya, if I was into that sort of thing…”
Charlie nudged me from behind, her beam gone and replaced with a raised eyebrow and an inquisitive look, and I made a mental note to be more inconspicuous about my own inquiries.
He was crazy, drunk, his statements driven by his craziness and polluted by his drunkenness. My head turned to one side in confusion, my eyes squinting as if trying to understand what he could’ve possibly meant by such a remark, and where it had even come from in the first place. My searches proved rather fruitless, however, since the alcohol proved to be a sufficient enough shield. Everything I could’ve gathered from his sentence could be blamed on the mundane poison working through his system, so no matter what I bothered to observe or analyze, he was still drunk. People said stupid things when they were drunk. That was the same for every night of the week, and Thursdays were no exception.
As the time passed, I watched his shoulders slump inward more, his eyes focus less, and his fingers decrease in the severity of their grasp of the several glasses and bottles he went through. I'd kept track, of course, in hopes of not causing him harm or putting him in danger by being such an enabler, but I couldn't help but feel that sting of wonder coarse straight through me. What in the world could be driving him to drink himself into oblivion? What could've possibly occurred in his life that would need the burn of alcohol and stupid thought to relieve or fill it? What hole was there to patch up, and who had dug it?
I was worried that maybe Dean would be able to hear the tearing sound resonating deep within my chest, the noise of my heart snapping with a sudden sucker-punch to the gut, the fist taking the form of his past and his uncharacteristic will to share it with me. In that moment, those words that had been drilled into Dean Winchester’s subconscious by, of all people, his father were scrawled across every inch of exposed skin like black tattoos, unable to be concealed though regret and shame was obviously in them.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” I spoke. I don’t remember deciding to do so, however.
, like we always –”
Dean chewed on his lip, like he was trying to conceal some sort of amusement, before replying,
“Don’t ever change.”
“I’m happy to listen to you.”
His smile didn’t fool me for even a fraction of a second, and I took note of the way he immediately took a hearty swig of his drink after saying something of sentiment, wondering if it was some kind of defense mechanism, a way of collecting himself as to not being forced to answer questions directly after his contribution. Or, perhaps, the digging up of past thoughts just caused him what he deemed to be unnecessary pain and alcohol was the quickest remedial process I knew either of us would be able to think of.
“Yeah, no problem…”
Dean is a liar. Cas is gone. Without closure. Until he isn’t.
“N-nothing, I just...have another customer.”
I certainly didn’t have the mental capacity to think about Dean’s voice, his mannerisms, the very way he held glasses, how he’d told me to keep the dubious amounts of change he accumulated, the way he was so defiant and insistent on not speaking to me, in some ridiculous fear of being seen as weak, and the way I’d finally convinced him otherwise.
I was out of practice, really. I couldn’t gage the damage such a statement would do to my father because I couldn’t quite so accurately tell how far gone he was anymore. While it was safe to say he’d started much earlier, the tang of his breath beating down on my left cheek a sure sign of it, I wasn’t sure of the extent. It’d been a few years since I’d stayed at home. It’d been a few years since I’d witnessed the process firsthand.
“Oh, is that so?” he taunted, but I could see him unbuckle his seatbelt with a dull click before continuing,
Once I finished the task and made the simpler drink the newcomer asked for, I slid it to him across the counter and watched, intently, as his eyes flicked upwards to where it had landed. His hand extended forward and out of the fold it had found itself in moments before, fingers wrapping around the clear glass and bringing it to his mouth. Meanwhile, I fought the urge to sigh myself, much like he had, because of his lack of a thank you. The only thing he seemed to be interested in, however, was gulping down the toxic liquid at an alarmingly quick pace, one that I found it hard to keep up with.
My eyes flicked to Sam and he fell silent, immediately, though it looked as if someone had clamped a hand over his mouth and prevented him, by force, from speaking. There wasn’t a single word that he could say that would make me think any differently.
Sam wasn’t having it.
The only sure way to prevent her from returning though was to carry out what she’d offered me help in doing though, and I had every intention of keeping her at bay. Upon instinct, my head turned to the right to observe who now looked like a lone ranger, seated in his own secluded corner swirling the remainder of his drink around in its glass, and I felt guilty for abandoning Dean. The look of pain, however internalized it may be, was still clear across his face, yet I was not in a position to drop the task at hand and help alleviate it.
Anyways, the car-lover persona did suit the look he had made for himself, all the way to the part of his hair down to the scent of his very much broken-in leather overcoat.  Soon after handing the newly replenished drink over to Dean, I settled on my theory and uttered a satisfied sigh, one that I hoped was not as loud as I had made it seem. The new drink earned no response from Dean, and he even waited until I had walked a ways away before reaching forward to grab it and begin his self-destructive process all over again, but still I watched him.
“It’s nothing...I just had a difficult night yesterday. That’s all,” I confessed, the partial truth I was concealing tingling at the tip of my tongue, daring to be said but refraining from admitting the whole truth to my friend. I wasn’t ready for the I-told-you’s that were sure to come my way, hot and spewed from her lips at the mere sound of her victory over me.
That captivation was interrupted, however, with a mild sense of concern, seeing as though he was barely able to keep himself standing straight and upright. I called out to him again, for the fourth time that night, and my statement earned me his second response.
I really do apologize for the later update. My day was full of AP homework, procrastination, and my typical forgetfulness. I hope the minor twist at the end made it worth your while, though! Also, as always, thank you all for the kind words and the support. Hopefully I haven't disappointed anyone yet.
“Hello...D-Dean…” I managed to croak, cringing inwardly at the strain in my voice.
“Aw, that’s a shame. Lemme me know if you’re ever interested in learnin’...cuz like I said I got one hell of a ride out there.”
I wanted to feel his hands brush against my arms, and I wanted to see his eyes so close to mine, and I wanted to hear his laugh, and I wanted him to care about me in the way I did him. So what had gone wrong, and what was I supposed to do now?
“Sam’s off at fuckin’ Stanford now though. I haven’t talked to him in over two years, but it seems like life is pretty fine ‘n dandy for him. Good. I’m glad.”
“I wasn’t gonna deny it anyways,” he chuckled. The black car door opened and closed with a click and a loud slam, and then there he was, standing inches away from me with red cheeks and full lips upturned into a smirk of knowledge, of preparedness for what he wanted to come, and it was beginning to feel like we were in a scene from one of Charlie’s romance novels. The snow and the chilled air served as a sufficient backdrop and I couldn’t shake all her tormenting about bloody soulmates away, so I embraced it, much like Dean’s warm, soothing left hand embraced my own and how my right hand found its own way onto the small of his waist and hung there, unsure and terrified and immobile because surely I was having a heart attack and was about to melt into nothingness on the spot.
“C’mon Cas, you’ve never heard of soulmates? People that are destined to be in love, like they were put on this Earth solely to find the other person?”
“Keep the change.”
Using Dean’s name was purposeful. I wanted to get a reaction, at least some spark of interest and excite the jumpstart his system and not only give me the acknowledgement I so oddly wanted of the broken man, but to judge the state of his mind in full. His defenses had been so airtight and tall a few hours ago, but if he failed to notice the mention of his own name, a detail Dean Winchester had intentionally hidden under lock and key from me, then I would have true reason to be concerned.
“Why?” he pestered when I didn’t reply right away.
It felt like I’d blinked and was now bent over, face next to the driver’s side window where Dean was, cheeks pink with the cold he was just now recovering from and eyes wide with astonishment, as he was probably wondering ‘why the hell that insane bartender guy was so keen on talking to me.’ But then I heard Charlie inside my head and watched my breath fog up Dean’s window until he got the message and rolled it down. With it came the last of my coherent thoughts. I was in unknown territory now, no longer in the safe, confining walls of the pub.
Also, did I write Dean okay?
“You…Dean is…?”
All my statement was met with was a rough grunt and the sudden shifting of his body on the barstool. I watched, with rather awkward captivation and curiosity may I add, as the mystery man dug into his leather jacket's coat pocket and removed an equally as leathery wallet, with the sides fraying and the many layers of the thick material peeling off the edges. It looked like it had undergone many years of wear and tear, just like he appeared to have.
“It’s definitely easier to pronounce,” I remarked to myself as I turned the sign on the pub’s door from its harsh “closed” to the more warm, inviting word “welcome,” as if the action was ceremonial in some way.
“It’s not mine either. It’s entirely not my fault that Charlie Bradbury spilled one massive tub of blue cheese dressing all over the kitchen floor and that she demanded Kevin and I help her clean it up, just as I was leaving.”
My memory jumped back to the previous nights where I’d learned all there was to know about Sam Winchester and his relationship to his older and extremely different, in every sense of the word, brother, Dean. It had been made very clear to me that Sam had no intentions of keeping up with the few members of his family that he had, and Dean was very hurt by that (though that tidbit was one that I had to infer on my own.), so this latest revelation of news came as quite the surprise to me, especially since it seemed to have developed all in the twenty four hours we’d been apart.
I didn’t want to succumb to his level of communication, I didn’t want to respond to his teasing remarks and annoyingly casual way of speaking, and I certainly didn’t want to do so and let myself slip and say something I would regret. I was still in the middle of the game, and this was certainly a high point.
“You wanna know how I feel?” He continued as he shoved Bobby’s hands away and pushed Sam aside, who was trying to get in the middle of Dad and I, which caused me to notice how his head no longer towered over my own. We were at eye-level with one another.
I was too busy learning about him. That’s all it was and all it would ever be, and all I had to accomplish was my victory.
Thankfully, the blush that accumulated along my cheeks and the bridge of my nose had mostly dissipated by the time Cas had reached whatever it was he’d been looking for and had turned around.
“I’ve told him my name a good six times, simply because he asked for it…” I murmured, still confused as to what the man’s motives were. I should’ve been intrigued, of course, in finding out, but it didn’t seem of much purpose to me then.
“Oh, you shoulda seen him and Sammy,” he started, and the tears in my heart grew deeper at his denial, at his dismissal of his own pain.
“Sorry,” he murmured after a few moments of cringing silence, though I hardly saw the need for an apology if it was something he truly cared about and loved. It was pleasing to see the light of happiness, no matter how distant, come alive in his eyes for a change.
He sat down four seats away from the old woman, so two away from where I was stationed behind the bar, and his elbows slammed against the counter. The impact caused the other glasses seated on the surface to quake slightly, and I knew I had my work cut out for me. Often times those who paid the pub a visit did not want to be understood and liked to drape themselves in what they thought was mystery, but the added effort only made them more transparent. I finished my business with the woman, as politely as possible, and eventually made my way over to the newcomer.
I gave Charlie Bradbury one final nod, conveying all the appreciation, gratitude, and love for her and her wise ways that I possibly could, before spinning around on my heels, wrapping my coat further around my middle, and following the exact path that Dean had upon exiting. Just as I entered the freezing cold outdoors, however, I heard her call one last thing, her statement of absolute victory over me and my denial,
“You took the pretzels into the storage room earlier today, I saw you,” I announced, like a blatant and unnecessary description of the elephant in the room, and I scolded myself over and over again for only being able to speak after Kevin had departed, when any words from me were deemed utterly useless.
Charlie nodded her head in Dean’s direction with both of her eyebrows now raised high into her head. She placed a hand on my shoulder and whispered into my ear, her face dangerously close to mine, and I noticed her breath was overtaken by the mint gum locked in her jaws. If her comments weren’t overwhelming enough, the scent surely was.
“I counted on you. I relied on you. Yeah, I’m sorry if moving around was hard, if you guys wanted to eat more than fuckin’ cereal every day, but I tried so hard-”
I shut the bulky door behind me with a dull thud, the sound barely making a dent in that screaming, sizzling noise that I’d left behind, and my back immediately fell onto its wooden surface the moment the icy, nearly-winter air touched my face. The cold didn’t bother me though; I could barely feel the frostbite nip at the bridge and end of my nose and the tips of my fingers. I couldn’t feel the crookedness of my jacket, falling lopsided on my shoulders, or the harsh intake of freezing air my lungs were enduring. It was all numb, all blocked out, all desensitized, except for the singular hot drop of moisture making its way down my pinkening cheek, probably freezing in the process, but still making a damp streak on my tender skin in the process.
Dean looked at me with the purest of stares, the kind in which I could pick out no ulterior motives or any hidden drawbacks, and he was just being nice. Simply, kindly, completely, and naturally nice, and it wasn’t registering with me. What did his offer mean, was there truth to any of it, or was it his desire to keep creating small-talk kicking in, combined with the intoxicating side effects of his beverage? Regardless of the cause, I myself felt a strange sense to comply and accept, even though the mechanics of cars was not something I cared about in the least. It was like an abnormal pull forward that I was finding difficulty in resisting, yet there were so many signals going off in my mind that I had to stop and think.
Instead of making a bigger deal than necessary out of the fact that Dean did not only know my name now by memory, he also had made it his own by shortening it in a very simple way that I was surprised I hadn’t heard before, I just nodded my head, looked up, and responded with a plain,
She cleared her throat,
Dean smiled and lowered his hands, dropping one to the side of his face where he lay against it, and, seizing the opportunity, I went to retrieve the drink I knew he’d order, grabbed a glass, and began to pour while watching the changes in his facial expressions. They went from a sad smile, to wallowing in an unidentifiable misery, to curiosity, directed at me, and then back to his sad smile.
I’d failed in my favorite game of learning the Thursday night tragedies’ stories and troubles, and Dean Winchester had brought upon that loss. I hadn’t been able to learn his story and analyze the reasons behind his presence and his volley of drinks, and I could barely even bring him to speak as he threw back the contents of each glass and bottle.
Dean was lying. This was not okay. He was lying to Sam. Through his clenched teeth, no less.
This chapter is a monster in length and I am very very sorry.
Every topic of conversation that could be brought up had to be condensed or watered down around my father. He simply felt so strongly about so many things, and his strong feelings often translated into shouts of anger, fits of rage, and would surely cause the departure of my younger brother for the next two years. Sam and I had gone over what was to be mentioned and what was to be kept in the dark, and Sam’s college life was one filed away into the latter category. Bobby had not been there for such a discussion, however, and every nerve in my brain was screaming in both tension and anxiety over the unknown.
But that was the Friday night shift, one that I found dry and rather boring. Thursday night I reserved for the excitement it brought and so I could take note of each and every newcomer I saw. I had something of a mental notebook swirling within my head with the pictures and names and sentences of those I’d been lucky enough to come in contact with, their statements, uttered in their most intoxicated forms, all written in my scrawled lettering, and I loved getting the chance to update it. I thought of those Thursday night lurkers as those who were truly troubled in life, such that they couldn't hold out just one more rendition of twenty-four hours to burst into the bar and drink away their problems, and in turn ended up being the most quirky of characters.
“Okay, I believe you,” he said into my shirt. He craned his neck upwards, however, when uttering his last comment,
Of course, Kevin’s main concern was whether or not his work practices had been done in the right, but with one glance in my direction, his face fell with dawning realization that he’d said something of worth, yet had done so unknowingly. I watched as the confusion envelop his expression, slowly but surely.
Dean watches until his knees buckle, which earns everyone’s attention. Sam’s palms are splayed atop Dean’s knees and he squeezes with urgency. Cas’s hands, meanwhile, find the small of Dean’s neck and stroke. The tingling resumes.
A priest had given me his take on the Catholic marriage process and how he found it painful and much too extensive, and how he really didn’t get the anti-same-sex priests he came in contact with daily. His response to the issue made me smile wide, for real this time and without the inklings of existential terror.
That bewilderment carried far into the night, kept my bloodshot eyes open and staring plainly at the ceiling as I lay in bed, covers pulled up to my chin, and no matter how badly the other parts of me begged for sleep, cried out for the chance to recharge, I couldn’t shut it down. I couldn’t convince the pieces and fragments of my mind, mostly my imagination, to let the details slip away into my memory, to chalk them up as an effect of the very substance I was employed to sell, and I sure as hell couldn’t stop myself from analyzing every syllable, every inhale and exhale, and every small little undertone and hidden meaning I’d thought I’d detected throughout the night. There just had to be more.
I never was able to wrap my head around Kevin’s condescending tone that often made itself apparent when I asked that question, sometimes chalking it up to a lack-of-perfection complex, but I didn’t busy myself with it then. Instead I traveled to the kitchen, punched in at exactly four-thirty, and began arranging the shot glasses in the order I liked them in most. I’d almost gotten myself entirely invested in the simple task, separated from whatever was going on around me, when Kevin chimed in again. He had a stunning knack for doing so.
Unfortunately, Dad wasn’t entirely satisfied with the answer I provided him with, probably because it didn’t come from the mouth of the son who his question was directed at, and pressed on further. His voice had dipped lower now.
“Then please, feel free to enlighten me,” She taunted. I happily obliged.
“He just needed someone to listen to him, unbiasedly. That’s all, and that’s all I am to him. A listener. Nothing more.”
I knew what the usual was, and the satisfaction in having that knowledge far exceeded that of beating Charlie to the punch during our earlier conversation. As I poured the scotch and made sure to add no ice to the sleek glass, I longed for the day when the action became muscle memory and needed no instruction, for when it was instinct, and for when the impending nerves of speaking to this Dean Winchester were but a distant memory of an awkward past-
“John, okay, lay off,” Bobby finally said, standing up from his seat as my dad did the same, looking as though his chest had truly inflated with each hateful, degrading word that spewed from his drunken mouth. I was too busy rising up from my own seat on wobbly knees and telling myself that he didn’t mean it to think of much to say in reply, so my shattering and unstable mind settled on a few pointless stammers. It wasn’t of much use to answer to him; the damage had long since been done, and now it was being dragged up to the surface after sinking and going under many years ago. That nagging fear I’d carried on my sagging shoulders, the one I’d kept from every member of my family but had the strange urge and courage to relay to that one, singular bartender who had oddly enough appeared in the forefront of my mind, was loud and hot and very present.
“I guess I’ve taken your hypothesis on my feelings about Dean Winchester to heart and, well, I suppose, theoretically, there could be more there than just a platonic interest, but I know that such a feeling is not mutual, which is totally, absolutely okay,  and I don’t expect-”
“Keep the change.”
Here it is! Updating early since it was finished just now and it's the final installment.
Background noise.
So I let Dean ramble about whatever else he wanted to talk about. At some point in the night we moved back to the subject of cars, and he told me the long history that him and his prized vehicle had together, and I listened to every word like a test on his speech was coming at the end of the piece. I let his voice leak into my head and got lost in it. As long as Dean was less anxious about the reuniting of his family, I could breathe easy, and I could listen for hours upon hours with the same expression plastered on my face: carefreeness and a mixture of adoration.
Upon meeting my own petrified gaze, Dean wiped his eyes and nose clumsily on the sleeve of his shirt, after having taken his jacket off and placing in on his seat, without much shame. He appeared to be entirely exhausted, like he’d given up in a battle or struggle that I was unaware of. In the midst of my desperate attempts to construct some sort of hypothesis as to why he’d arrived in such a state of mind, I heard my subject clear his throat and try to steady his breathing. He was about to speak.
Swallowing the lump of something embarrassing that had begun blocking my airways, I nodded my head and traveled to the open bottle I’d used just a few minutes before. My mind was racing at I poured, the basic action taking far longer than around seven seconds within my head, but just that to the rest of the outside world. And that outside world was full of world-wide-web sex offenders in denial, the sharp tang of scotch in scuffy glasses, and the scent of leather, spices, and car grease.
“No, not today. I just don’t think you’re in any condition to drive in such weather,” I admitted. I wasn’t lying in the least, and Dean knew this, but he also knew the significance lying in wait under such polite and friendly words. I had no intention of being friendly.
“So,” Bobby announced, clearing his throat as if on some God-send of a cue. “I think we all can agree on the fact that we’re mighty glad to see Sam again.”
She was right, I had plenty. I’d been fostering them for weeks now and they were at their height in that moment, that moment where Dean’s staring suddenly made sense and I could translate the unspoken words between us into the same exact thing: a “yes.” Every sentence of sincerity, laugh, confession, act of kindness, touching of knuckles, and whatever else had transpired between us had built up to that singular yes, and while I felt beyond ridiculous for needing an outside source to point this revelation out to me, the stupidity’s mild burn was nothing compared to the adrenaline and excitement inside of me, almost causing me to burst open.
“I think he needs you right now.”
“Sammy has no clue when it comes to that stuff…” Dean interjected suddenly, and the mention of his brother shocked me into an even more intense form of attention. Where in the world had that come from?
“I heard some of the stuff he was telling you...Cas.”
“There’s always is one,” Dean interjected with a smirk. I didn’t let my knees move.
That day in particular was sure to be a good one. I could tell by the shimmering light bouncing off the snow blanketing the window sill and into the room, touching down on my face and waking me up in a way I thought was only possible in the movies: nicely. It couldn’t be any later than eight in the morning, and with one blurry glance towards the clock perched on my nightstand, I saw the sun had woken me up a whole two minutes before my alarm, and I frowned. Then, groaning in annoyance and stretching my arms into the air, pushing my body deepers into the covers as I did so, I felt the form of another press further against me, legs entangled with mine, arm wrapped haphazardly around my middle, and grinned sleepily, clumsily. The old expression of grumpiness had vacated my face, and it was definitely going to be a good day.
“Dad, you didn’t ‘carry on’-” Sam interjected, background noise.
But it was only Sunday.
“I mean, straight-A, willpower of a machine, golden study habits, and teachers’-pet but-in-a-cool-way kind of genius. I used to just kinda stare at him and wonder ‘how?’ ya know? I was never like that, but it was sure awesome as hell to watch him grow up and become it.”
“No, I...I can’t say that it has…”
“I didn’t think you’d notice,” I admitted, edges of my mouth dipping into my cheeks as they were colored pink. And Dean’s were doing the same.
“Yeah, she’s obviously messed up about it. She’s reevaluating her relationship, figurin’ out what went wrong. She’ll find someone else though, we all do. Someone that loves her for real, and so will her husband.”
“But...shit, I couldn’t keep him back forever. He knew you were full of it from the day he turned, what, eight years old? How was I supposed to keep him in the dark about you? About Mom?” I pleaded. There wasn’t a shift in my dad’s eyes, and I nearly marveled at the way even his wasted self could maintain such a fatherly glare. Eventually, I simply took it as a sign to continue and not stop until I’d finished my entire piece.
Dean took the drink gratefully, pouring back a hearty swig, grimacing only for half a second at the smoky heartiness of the liquid, and slammed the half-emptied glass down on the counter. That was also habitual, and it usually preceded his announcement of something, or told me he wanted me to initiate the conversation. Unfortunately, in that “rather unusual” situation, the action depicted the latter, so I delivered.
I cleared my throat to alert him that I was there and ready to engage in conversation with him, but the action earned me no acknowledgment or reciprocation, so I merely carried on with my usual procedure.
Her reply was said with a kind of faraway finality, a secret want that she’d been harboring for who knows how long. Once my scan of the pub proved fruitless, the figure I’d been desperately looking for not appearing indoors, I turned back to Charlie with raised eyebrows and a question,
“I’m glad to hear that you and your brother are doing well again, Dean,” I said, noting my voice was now a whisper of shaking sincerity mixed with the sensation of walking on glass.
“And what are they all like?”
I had found myself distracted throughout her analysis, however. There had been an undermining thought not relating to her cheating and “no longer entirely straight” husband, a thought that had been badgering my mind for exactly a week, bouncing in and around the walls of my mind until I found my eyes permanently plastered on the pub’s front door, waiting for its bell to ring and to see who was entering. For the first time in as long as my memory could recall, I was expecting someone on a Thursday night full of unexpecteds. I had the image of their face clear in my head, the smell of their diluted cologne teasing my noise, and the sound of their iconic voice still torturing my eardrums.
Noting that the brief exchange of conversation seemed to be over, I leaned under the counter and reached for the bottle of scotch I’d hidden behind a rack of glasses, a bottle that I’d earlier decided to reserve solely for Dean. I thought it was safe to assume that he would order what he always did. It was one of the things I’d recorded in my mind, under the file named “Dean Winchester,” that was slowly expanding.
“...but I can see ya watching me, ya know...all night you were-were staring at me ‘n stuff. Kinda weird.”
Dean’s other hand lands on the opposite lapel and Cas’s head is bolt straight now. If Dean didn’t know any better, he’d say a pink flush was spreading from Cas’s left ear to his right.
“Wasn’t sure if you’d ever come back, to be honest,” Dad replied with eyes wide and honest, just like he’d said. A drop of his beer sloshed from its container and I watched it dampen the carpet under our feet.
“But what?” I voiced, but it was in a tone just above a whisper.
He was obviously furious. His hands were shaking around his glass, fingers trembling and seemingly unable to hold still, more than mine had been during that drink’s preparation. I saw him grind his teeth together so fiercely it nearly made me flinch. Each sip was followed by a loud exhale of hot air, like steam creating as an after product of that motor I concluded was running within him. And when I stood close enough, I could feel and hear his left foot tap against the floor, but it wasn’t to the subtle tune of the song playing in the background of all the background’s noise. It was his own little beat, his own tune, which happened to be one that I struggled to keep up with.
She must’ve seen him. Judging by the way her eyes fell still and her face contorted into that of a smirk, one that left me painfully nervous, she had a head full of assumptions and wonders that I could surely do without. But that didn’t mean that I wouldn’t be subject to them anyways.
The words haunted me. They echoed in my ears, like faraway calls for help, whenever I fell into moments of silence. They blew past me, reminding me of their incurable pain and sadness whenever I got a second of relief. They knocked on the walls of my head and demanded acknowledgement, demanded thought, demanded consideration, even when the source was nowhere to be found.
“That’s not why you’re here,” I corrected him, adamant in making my point. “If...if you need to talk about anything, you know I’ll listen.”
The ghost didn’t matter anymore, or mattered even less than it had moments ago, and became nothing but invisible background noise. I probably should’ve eyed the frat boy’s drink, just to make sure he wasn’t running low and so I could add to my countdown of when to cut him off for the night, but my bartender-duties flew into the air and evaporated on contact, like dust being blown off an old surface. The only thing I was focused on at that very second was how he dragged his feet lazily to the other end of the bar, the corner closest to the kitchen door, and the only one that was majorly unpopulated, and sat down clumsily. He didn’t raise his eyes, didn’t scan his surroundings, and didn’t even bother to apologize to a woman he, rather rudely, bumped into on his journey to his seat.
Charlie was wrong. She was only pulling my leg.
“You’re just supposed to know, I guess. The feeling is supposed to just hit you, and you just know.”
“Sometimes I feel like my old man, really. All this booze smells a lot like he did...heh…”
“Nah, it’s all good. I’ve unloaded enough onto you to last another two fuckin’ years…” Dean chortled wryly, and this time I didn’t hesitate to reprimand him.
And then I blinked, and it was over. He fell away, after lingering for but a second to touch down, rather clumsily, on my upper lip, and then stood back in his original stance, a few inches away with his hand still in mine and his eyes still locked onto my own. I was far too high in the ghostly, snow-filled clouds to see that it was my turn to say something, to make some sort of move, because I had promised him a ride, but Dean Winchester knew me well enough at that point to tell that I would need a little push to reconnect with reality.
He’d left Castiel hanging. Even as Cas tried to anchor Dean into the oncoming reality, the one of which he was no longer a part, placing that same hand on that same shoulder, and waltzing into the big black nothing, Dean had left him hanging. How was that his greatest happiness? How was that Castiel’s “okay?”
“Ah yes, Castiel. Sorry about that, sometimes when some good ol’ liquor gets in my system, I can get pretty weak in the memory department!”
I pulled into Bobby’s with a smile that day, still enjoying the particularly bright sun that was seeping through my windshield and warming my car’s interior, and probably looked a little odd, seeing as though I was working an extra four hours that day, but the whole “appreciating the little things in life that you have” thing was new to me and still hadn’t lost its magic. It was another way in which Cas had corrupted me with his innocence, but the after effects were so positive and heartwarming, literally, that I doubted I would have any trouble learning how to deal. If he managed to live with me and my impure ways, as it had been phrased before, I could handle a little bit of good influence in my life. Hell, I looked forward to it each day that my eyes opened.
“Get some sleep, m’kay?”
“I’m proud of him though, really. He and my dad were always fighting, bitchin’ to one another about something someone said, or did, or didn’t do...the whole nine yards. I guess it was good for him to get away from an environment like that.”
“You’re not serious right now!”
“I knew that,” he sighed. “But why be so interested in me? There’s a good seven people here tonight that seem way more exciting than your ‘favorite twenty-seven year old drunk.’ I mean, just look at all those Jesus freaks!”
I smirked, looking down to my feet as I laced up on my shoes while knowing my expression was driving Cas up a wall, so I decided to top it off with the most smart-aleck statement I could possibly think of on the spot like that.
"Double scotch, no ice."
it now.” Dean finds purchase on Cas’s wrists and ignores the implication. “I…I’ve always got it, when I think about it. I didn’t think you did. That’s why I couldn’t say it. I’ve always wanted you to know that
I saw Charlie open her mouth upon my pause, but, in a strange turn of events, I was the one to beat her to the punch, and I’d be lying if I said that it wasn’t satisfying.
Had Charlie been right?
She added her last remark with a low chuckle, one that would’ve caused a smile to paint itself across my own face on any typical day, but it was too busy catching color and heat then, and the current situation was not one to grin at.
It took her seconds to answer.
I couldn't help but notice how blatantly angry he seemed. The emotion was radiating off of his stern voice yet quaking and trembling hands, which were now clasped together on the counter, fingers interlocked with one another, and in the way he still refused to look up at me. While I didn't think he was a partaker in "common courtesy," I would've assumed he would want to show me he meant business, and a mere gaze from his earthy eyes, harsh brow, and sharp jawline would've almost willed me into silence. Almost.
He rolled his now sparkling eyes as he dug into his jacket for his wallet, most likely removing way too much money for the amount of drinks he ordered, and answered with,
“Charlie, I think you have the wrong idea here,” I said, finally being physically able to interject my say into the exchange. She seemed slightly taken aback by me speaking, but held her tongue if she planned to protest, and her listening was greatly appreciated.
“I almost didn’t make it in time,” he admits. “I’m sorry for the delay.”
“No, he’s not. He always leave when I wake up ‘n he comes home when I’m going to bed,” Sammy insisted, and I could in the mirror in front of us both that a frown of annoyance and knowledge that a five year old shouldn’t have had emerged across Sam’s mouth.
“Well if you haven’t noticed, it’s been a little busy out here and I have a lot of orders running through my head at the moment,” I retorted, a little absently, as I retrieved the proper beer for sir paranormal, doing my best to ignore the sly incline of Charlie’s lips, and I wasn’t keen on hearing her reply in the least.
Again, Dean shrugged, and then he rubbed the back of his neck, and I ticked the action off in my head.
This wasn’t fair. He’d never been treated fairly. Standing before the blazing effigy of his childhood home, Dean Winchester had never been treated fairly. And maybe that was his “okay,” but Castiel was paying the price, and never had Dean wanted to revolt for something more. Yet through clenched teeth, the universe forbade it.
“You two were reckless,” he interjects, a familiar venom on his tongue. “You wandered into a vampiric
"Yes, of course," I answered. He gave me a grateful nod and a smile and launched the keys into the air, a sight that caused more anxiety to well up in my chest than what I assumed would be the normal amount. I had to focus my eyes and the rest of my senses tightly on the object flying across the short distance between me and my boss and will my hands upward, following the silvery metal pieces until they were close enough to capture between my fingers.
The familiarity was a bullet into my defenses and I fell into a brief stuttering silence, blowing my walls and shattering my facades, and I could do nothing as Dean sauntered weakly away. His footsteps were a new and unintentional kind of heavy, his shoulders sank with a weight that wasn’t merely his jacket. He shouldn’t be allowed to drive; he would put himself and the others around him in danger, and I wasn’t satisfied with the painfully minimal amount of information I’d gathered about him that night.
“Like I said, it’s part of my job. What better person to vent to than the bartender? They know that I won’t remember much of them, anyways.”
It’d be unfair. Fuck, he deserved fairness now. Someone told him, the tiny voice wrapped in plaid little boys’ pajamas standing barefoot on a freshly mown lawn, bundle of a baby brother between his arms, that he deserved fairness here. He was going out without a blaze, without any glory, without the slightest inkling of a gunshot. The universal catch-all order he’d sought to dismantle had pulled the old bait ‘n switch and revoked fairness in favor of random chance. Or was this zero-sum? Had there been a chance at all for any involved parties?
And, like clockwork, Sam was convinced.
“I should’ve touched on the familiarity” I thought as I scrambled to find the supplies for his drink, and even its simplicity was not enough to dull my nerves and stop my eyes from flying back and forth. The bottle shook within the grasp of my right hand and I struggled to hold the glass still with my less dominant hand, probably earning yet another judgmental stare and another clenching of jaw. Eventually though the liquid had been poured, the drink had been served, and I was busy contemplating my next move and analyzing the very way in which Dean breathed.
“Hello, I apologize for the wait there...what’ll you have?” The statement was highlighted with the most sincere smile I could muster, and I thought it would be more than sufficient, but judging by the lack of acknowledgement I received, I’d failed once again.
All I could do was send him an awkward look of apology, for we both knew neither of us would survive without the impeccable guidance of Charlie Bradbury, no matter how subpar her table-cleaning skills were. I watched as my other, less laidback yet apparently much more hygienic companion rolled his dark eyes and went back to worth, muttering,
“I have no idea what it’s like? Okay, fine!” Sam interrupted and I knew the arguments were already lined up in the back of his mind like lambs to the slaughter, ready to serve their purpose without so much as a batted eyelash. It wasn’t their compliance or their magnitude that bothered me, because I’d known Sam had a lawyer’s mind, it was their content. Upon hearing his final syllable, chills erupted across the outskirts of my arms and up and down my spine as the ghost of my own name danced around Sam’s tongue, daring to be said.
But the ignorance Sam, and even myself had, was better than the fighting that ensued afterwards, better than the fighting taking place around me. I thought it all would fade away once Sam grew up, once he got past the fact that Dad was never truly going to be the father figure he deserved, but I realized that doing so was a tall order, one that Sam didn’t need to fill on his own, and that I was too weak to help him in. That’s why I’d kept feeding him that ignorance because it meant I could keep believing the lies too. It meant that I could keep lying to Sam because Dad had told me too, it meant that doing so was okay. It meant that Dad really was at work. It meant that Dad wasn’t wasted by six in the evening. And it meant that I could keep doing my job as Sam’s brother.
Dean faltered upon hearing my reply, in a way that was startlingly familiar to me, and I could’ve predicted his words whole minutes before he said them, but instead I settled on waiting, and testing the second theory I’d had that night. Hopefully this one proved to be as true as the last.
I hoped and prayed with every fiber of my being that he would walk in smiling, a true smile full of unaltered reassurance and solace that meant things were to be okay in his whirlwind of an everyday life. Even as I observed the usually peaceful, prayerfully-inclined crowd around me, all falling under the respectable category apart from one, I couldn’t find a single recognizable face that deserved the calm and the relief more than Dean did. One may think I was very anti-religious in saying that, and maybe I was, but I wanted to see a good yet tragically broken man’s life work out for the best because I enjoyed his company, wanted more of it, and wanted what was best for him.
“I’m not crazy right? It shouldn’t be this way...it never should’ve been this way in the first place.”
“You can go now.”
The young woman, whom I’d been so intently listening to, hung her full head of midnight hair in shame, embarrassment maybe, as her grip on her wine glass faltered and her fingers fell. I paused in my cleaning of shot glasses to give her a long, sad,  yet supportive gaze in hopes it was what she was in need of at the time. I found that, occasionally, my responses to people’s despair or inner turmoil were considered blunt, slightly insensitive, when I truly was just unaware as to what the correct reply was. A knack for observation did not always imply a similar knack for sociability.
“You’re definitely not crazy, and you’re very much correct.”
The frown deepened, and my spirits sunk further, and Sam responded,
I agreed, strongly, though was marveling at his insight. “Yes, very. There aren’t many new faces that show up on Friday nights. It’s mostly just college students, the standard drunkards, a few women with said college students at their tails...nothing too exciting or unusual.”
“Jesus, good morning to you, too, Cas…”
“Heh, I guess you could say that…” he replied. I blinked at the sound and out of my studying, back into reality, and into my panic over what to say. My plans for a relaxing, void-of-excitement Friday night were certainly out the window at that point.
“God Cas, you really need to watch a few shitty movies. Remind me to lend you a copy of The Notebook or somethin’ okay?” Charlie chuckled as she began to wipe down the end of the bar opposite me in what I assumed to be an attempt to look busy. I gave her some half-hearted okay, eager to hear her true response to my question but still running my eyes over every table, every booth, every occupied corner, and every barstool.
Had I been holding something, I would’ve launched it clean out of my grasp and thrown it at the source of the new voice in the room. Instead, I turned around sharply and saw Charlie there, hair now tied in a bun atop her head, with the angriest and most frustrated expression drawn into her typically relaxed and calm face. It was irking, to say the least, and the fact that its severity was directed at me was certainly unnerving. Could she tell me what I had done wrong?
“As much as alcohol helps, Dean Winchester, I think what you need most is someone to listen to whatever has got you in this state. It can really help, trust me.”
“C’mon now, you’re being ridiculous!” Bobby insisted, rising forward from his seat some and approaching me in some half-courageous, though still half-terrified stance of defense. I would’ve liked to be able to say that I was holding my own, that I’d been able to deny Bobby’s silent offer of protection against those words being spat mercilessly into my face and onto my shoulders, but that would be lying, and my father was doing enough lying to compensate for the three of us and then some. I held my tongue and looked on with disbelief, with a surreal, otherworldly sort of hurt throbbing within my chest.
I knew it was cheesy, something straight out of all those damned chick-flick movies Cas’s partner-in-bartending-crime Charlie Bradbury had gotten him temporarily hooked on, but I couldn’t help but routinely think back to that fateful Sunday night and reminisce over how sheerly crazy and revolutionary it had been. The expected outcome of what was such a dreadfully anticipated day had been thrown out the window, balled up into an unrecognizable mass and forgotten, all because I’d come crawling back to the one person in my life who seemed to be willing to hear me out, let me lean on them, and all because that person had been feeling a bit more daring than usual.
I wanted to retract within myself the moment the sentence passed my lips. They sounded as though they’d been spoken by a being outside of myself, a distant piece of my mind that had no filter floating above the scene, and I observed with horror as the syllables and the breaths in between cast their effects down onto his already melancholic face. There was such a dark moment of realization, of admittance, and of pushed back memories within him that he couldn’t even look forwards, and the guilt was consuming me from the inside out, starting with my mind and seeping into every corner like ink dripping off of a rain-soaked page.
“Oh, Dean, I went to that bar ya told me about,” Bobby suddenly chimed in, as though my mind were a telescope, free to look into, and after recovering from the statement’s irony, I could help but smile at the thought of it.
Before the intimidation being posed onto me from the simple action of him standing up was able to get well inside my head, Dean turned around slowly on his heels and began approaching the door. His heavy, weighted, and now slightly clumsy footsteps sent sturdy creaks coursing through the wooden floor beneath his booted feet and the dips and pauses he took as he advanced towards the exit, caused by his mass consumption of alcohol, would've caused me to smile, perhaps, if I hadn't found myself so captivated.
“You woke up earlier than usual today.” It was said with innocence and observation and I couldn’t help but giggle, the sound moving Cas’s figure up and down slightly, since he was still perched lightly atop my middle, and he waited for my response.
just like something had brought Dean Winchester back, and a whole six days early too.
“Yes.”
I shook my head, shedding off all of the useless words in search for the perfectly compiled follow up statement, but once the first syllables had passed my tongue I’d known I failed.
Regardless, in the hours that followed, Dean Winchester surely made much more sense to me.
“You know, that’s usually the thing people do when they like someone,” was her response. While I had made the few steps backwards to regain even a fraction of my desired personal space back, she’d remained in place and the smile spreading wide and true across her cheeks made her even more difficult to face by the second. I hated feeling so looked down upon, but that was not the only disliked feeling within my mind at that moment. There were several, and Charlie’s words only made them more and more apparent.
“Do you really want me to go there? Do you really?” Sam snarled. I watched his knuckles tighten and turn white around the neck of his beer bottle until I was sure it would shatter and slice into his skin at the force of it all. None of us wanted him to go there, not even my father who often times was simply looking for a reason to scream, but Sam seemed to be indulging himself after not seeing our father for those two long, desolate years.
“Um...yes, I have four older siblings actually.”
“Dad...Dad’s just at work. He works a lot, ya see…” I pieced together, like a thin thread sewn in shakily through fabric. “But he comes home a lot. Remember the other day when we all went out to breakfast? He was home then!”
“Dammit Cas, just let me have this one!”
Dean looked troubled, like he didn’t want to say what I assumed parts of him were trying to force out of his mouth, and his vision fell as his hand grazed the back of his neck. I didn’t press him, I didn’t push to see what the source of his sudden need to speak was, I just waited, and the act did not go unappreciated. Once he deemed himself ready, Dean looked up at me with a softer shine to the eyes I couldn’t help but stare into, and my knees trembled. I faltered.
Dean Winchester is written across Castiel, as Castiel is written across Dean. They mutually inform each other. They make the other equally as neurotic, charmed, enraged, injured, shocked, and soft. They treat one another justly, tit-for-tat, eye for another weeping, lonely eye. They melt the same, depart the same, and meet in the middle the same. They are inseparable. They are equitable. They are fair. They deserve one another.
Sam had seen the drop fall to the floor as well and attempted to busy himself with the sight of it, trying his best to avoid the question in a way I rarely ever saw him do. If I remembered correctly, which I did, it was Sam who’d always been the advocate for telling the truth and confronting things head on, and he’d never been one to shrink away from Dad’s challenges. Why in hell was he starting then?
The tail end of Charlie’s retaliation sent me spinning, made me dazed, smacked me hard in the face and didn’t bother assisting me in getting up. Despite my minute form of admittance, the kind that I’d to mask with closure the night before, and despite the fact that I was aware, somewhere, that I did think of Dean differently than the other strangers I’d come to be acquainted with, I never thought others would notice so acutely, much less confront me about it.
“You better shut your damn mouth boy,” Dad growled, low and rumbling, and he was barely even slurring anymore. “If you know what’s good for you. You have no clue what you’re talking about. You have no idea what it was like, losing Mary, and being stuck with-”
“Two: maybe I would be able to disregard number one, but just the other day we had an entire discussion about this same little predicament you got yourself mixed up in, all this Dean Winchester business, so now I know you’re full of it. You got feelings for the guy.”
I watched his head crane upwards in a way that was almost mechanical, like gears were arching his neck and deepening the arch in his brow and clenching his sleek jawline. Even his lips, which were contorting themselves into a grin that I knew for a fact was without any trace of sincerity and burned like hot metal on skin, moved like they were powered by some internal motor. I began to wonder if the motor’s fuel was the anger radiating from him.
“Here, will you do me a big favor?” She continued with too much enthusiasm in her voice to be considered normal, but I suppose Kevin hadn’t known her long enough to detect it, or perhaps I was just being my insane, analytical self, the self that gotten me into that current mess.
The sound of his glass hitting the bar with force caused me to jump and nearly trip over my own feet as I turned around to face him. It seemed as though the sharp noise was his own, creative way of getting my attention, and while it was ultimately rude and startling, I appreciated it greatly because it meant that I was wanted.
Charlie Bradbury really was impossible, but not necessarily in the way that I was implying. She was impossibly clever, thoughtful, and very intuitive. Her way of observation varied greatly from mine, though I wished mine could span across text messages in the same way her’s could. She also proved to be much better at digital communication than I, because already I had run out of sufficient replies.
He’s startled; hell, they both are. Cas’s pupils dilate and then come back to earth. Dean clears his throat, pierces through another sob, and ventures forward, beyond the defenses. He doesn’t cringe at the warmth. He says it through clenched teeth.
“Jack wouldn’t have let that happen.”
His question helped me begin the process of clearing my head, pushing the impending doom of her ongoing interrogation further back into my head until it was just an annoying ringing in my ears, and shook my head no. In retrospect, I think I performed the action too forcefully.
I really had failed both my father and Sam.
“Oh, ha, that’s good,” I murmured, unsure of how to phrase my answer without sounding weird to both Sam and my father. They weren’t aware of the situation at all, they had no clue who Castiel was, and while I’d intended to keep Bobby’s nose out of it as well, I should’ve known that such a feat was next to impossible. He had a knack for reading me straight through, like a book from cover, and the only person I could think of who matched this ability was, well, the very same person I’d failed in concealing.
Slowly- very, very slowly- my figure turned from Charlie’s picture-perfect beam to a much gloomier, darker, and sadder picture: a six foot-something tall frame, broad shoulders clad in leather, with a head of dusty, light brown hair that hung low in an attempt to pass unnoticed and under the radar of whoever else happened to be staring at the door. I’m not sure whether he was successfully able to do so in regards to the rest of the pub’s attendants, but he’d failed in regards to me.
That’s what Dad would’ve told Sam fifteen years ago, and might’ve been planning on saying then, judging by the crease in his brow.
“Cas woulda known better,” was my instinctive thought before downing a large sip. And, oddly enough, it would be nice to have his support there. He always laid things out on the table as they were, with no bullshit, but had a nice, delicate way of doing so, a way that made the hefty pills we all tried our best to avoid easier to swallow. There was so much tension in the air, so much that I could see sparks dance across everyone’s quickly shared gazes with one another, and I knew his awkward humor and overwhelming politeness would take a least a fraction of it away.
I shook my head no. He was very keen on insulting himself that day, whether it be humorously or not.
Those words were all I heard as Sunday turned into dreaded Monday and I was stuck attempting to listen to the cubicle stories, of the hurtful gossip shared at the water cooler, and how “Leanne had no right to say that about me, especially not when I know her husband’s been sleeping with our bosses sister and-get this-she may be pregnant!”.
“What, are you not used to people asking you the questions? You gotta have some stuff to tell.”
I just smiled weakly and shrugged my shoulders, thinking of the dozens of worn-in and torn tee shirts I had in the bottoms of my drawers at my apartment that used to belong to Lucifer. He’d given them to me when he’d left on his long awaited road trip across the country, also to California, with a boy that played guitar really poorly. He’d masked the obviously flimsy plans as a trip to see our long-lost eldest brother who was supposedly living in the same state, (no one had heard from him) and was gone in a flash and a bang and a screech of white-van tires. I don’t think anyone saw the dubious amounts of alcohol and orange pill bottles he’d thrown into his singular suitcase though, and it just reminded me of all the times I’d asked why Luke was so sad. His tee shirts made me sad now.
“I can’t please everyone and I’m so sick of lettin’ people down, but I’m so tired of givin’ up what Sammy wants for Dad. It’s not fair to Sam.”
Dean’s fingers drummed along the edge of his now vacant glass, as if considering a very basic question like he was making a bet, before pushing the glass forward and nearly into my hands. Slowly his head followed, and I couldn’t bring myself to fulfill his request until I was formally and truly meant with another head-on, green gaze.
...until he started coming, clad in his intimidating leather jacket while the smell of intrigue, cologne, and sweaty kisses hanging over his head like a cumulonimbus cloud.
“Yes, I do, but unfortunately it’s confidential. If I relayed to you what they’ve told me, I’d be betraying their trust.”
Kevin’s head extended outward, just so I could see his long black bangs shield the tops of his eyebrows, which I was sure were furrowed in disgust and his permanent annoyance.
He flicked open the front flap without so much as a glance upward and went digging for either cash or a credit card, but while he did so, I found myself staring much too intently at another card that was peeking up from a pocket opposite the one he was searching through. The top half of this mystery man's driver's license was sticking up ever so slightly, just enough to allow me to see a crucial part of his unknown identity that had been pressing my mind so…his name.
“Sorry to come today, not usually one of my scheduled visits I guess…” he muttered, his try for humor only making the very sight of him all the more pitiful.
“Oh, hey Cas,” he murmured, rubbing the back of his neck in the oh-so predictable way he did. “Wasn’t sure if you worked Fridays.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Perhaps the suggestion, one that he’d probably never been offered before in his life, made just a small amount of sense to him.
“Dude, you’re passin’ up tons of tips by hangin’ out with me so much. Of course I noticed.”
“I just...wanted to say that I’m sorry for the other day. I unloaded a lotta shit on you, and that sure as hell wasn’t fair. Hell, I hardly know you and now you’ve got all my problems swimming around in your head…”
“I’ll be fine, Cas.”
Michael had never bothered to get close to me. By the time I’d come around, his life was starting, and I suppose he lacked the time and the patience to sit down and get to know someone who was not only years younger than he, but who also didn’t even hold a fraction of the potential in both hands as Michael had contained in one finger. I remember, vaguely, dropping him off at the airport and watching my mother kiss his cheek goodbye, an act of sentiment that we usually never saw. It left a pink imprint on his skin and I saw him wipe it off as we walked away, when I dared to turn around and sneak a glance at the perfect stranger who just so happened to be related to me.
Even though I’d refrained from actually telling Dean that his response was not entirely what I meant, I could tell from his choice of words and tone that the question I did have in mind had already been answered.
“It’s like these people just throw their beers onto the floor and stick their gum under the tables in the same exact spot, just to screw with me. Did anyone even wash these booths yesterday?”
“W-what?” He stammered, looking frantically between both Charlie and I. “Did I say something?”
“1967 Chevy Impala, four-barrel, V-8 engine, four-wheel drive...the works.”
Maybe it was the way he still refrained from making anymore eye contact with me after that initial moment of arrival, or the way he was simply wolfing down frightening amounts of burning alcohol without so much as a single flinch, the only movement being his throat as it contracted along with the liquid it pushed into his damaged system, or perhaps it was just the way he carried himself, and how I watched the walls he had around him crumble with every sip and with every breath in between. I was used to watching the process, I was accustomed to seeing the barriers and layers of every kind of person under the sun being peeled back, but there was certainly something different in this one. There was something else trapped within and behind those layers that even me, the Thursday night bartender, had never experienced before.
Their legs rubbed against mine, just now noting the awkward and very much inconvenient position we’d fallen into the night before, and tried to draw away from my grasp in a fit of mumbles and moans of disruption. I should’ve felt guilty for being such an asshole, for they needed the rest far more than I did, but it was so warm in the heap of flannel sheets and skin and foggy memories of whatever we’d done in the earlier morning hours that I held them still and planted another press of my lips just below their ear. It didn’t do much to ease the aggravation.
Charlie sighed and continued her piece as she leaned up against the bar. I watched her fling a rag that had been clutched in her hand over her shoulder.
What was most shocking, however, was his instantaneous eye contact with me. There was a rush of forest hazel and amber specks that met me head on, shooting into my own gaze that was a good twenty-five feet away from him with surprising accuracy, that nearly caught me by surprise. But I remained still and held my ground, halfway bent over, in the middle of placing the shot glasses underneath the bar where they belonged. Regardless of his unusual behavior, nothing was entirely unusual on Thursday nights, so I chalked the incident up as another thing to remember, expect, and analyze.
The sinking of my heart and the urge to sigh, one that I fought tooth-and-nail to repress, had me convinced that whatever conversation I’d somehow managed to stay engaged in had ended, and in something resembling a trainwreck. I’d blown my chances, let them crash and burn, and it was all I could do not to shrink away and fall back behind the safe walls of the kitchen, perhaps confide in Charlie in hope of lessening my embarrassment. Whatever “I told you so’s” she could conjure up were certainly worth an escape route…
The amount of self-sacrifice Dean Winchester had gotten himself obsessed with was sickening in the most depressed, aching way possible, to the point where I could nearly feel secondhand the emptiness that had to be eating away at his mind at that very moment and at all hours of the day. The dependency he had on his little brother, who was now living miles upon miles away without any clue about just how much his brother is torturing himself and missing him, while Dean was left behind to sit within his own turmoil without any resources to help him pull him from it. I couldn’t understand how his family could’ve left him like they did, it was a concept beyond my comprehension, any possible reasons they had out of my reach.
“Just peachy. Just damn peachy.”
“Just…I didn’t
He paused and finished off his drink in one foul swoop, and maybe I would’ve watched the way his long, scruff-dotted throat contract as he swallowed the liquid, but I was too busy gazing miserably at the flush of color in his cheeks, not brought on by the alcohol, and the crestfallen look of pure dejection in his eyes, and I imagined an old slideshow playing back in his mind of those shout-fests. I needed to stop asking, I needed to close up the conversation for his sake, but that thought didn’t occur to me fast enough and didn’t arrive in time to prevent me from uttering something I deemed immediately afterwards as completely unforgivable.
Dean chewed his lip like he was afraid of saying the reply that had come naturally, and I tried to soften my expression and the overall tension of the situation as much as possible. It looked like speaking whatever was on his mind was the most sure-fire way of easing the turmoil he was in, and just like that I realized where my best interests laid.
“Gotta keep up that Thursday tradition, right?” I suggested with a raise of my eyebrows. I’d made my way over to his side of the bed after buttoning the last of my shirt and stuffed it as neatly as I could into my pants, feeling satisfied enough with my appearance and knowing Bobby, basically my family member made boss, wouldn’t even notice the degree of orderliness in which my shirt was tucked.
Before I could even process the magnitude of what I’d just heard and before it really made it past the front of my very eardrums, Sam had run to the line of fire. His words were hot and molten as they spewed from his mouth and flew forward at such a rate that I had to abandon my analysis of Dad’s words. I didn’t have the time to understand what he’d meant, how he apparently thought I influenced Sam for the worse, and tried my best to keep up with the continued exchange as it grew increasingly more heated.
Dean’s green, flecked eyes were damp with tears, not emerging forth past his eyelids, but plentiful enough that they pooled and glimmered in the dim lighting overhead. His shoulders trembled with every slow intake of breath and his face, not contorted into an expression of frustration of his drunken sort of aggression, was lax and sad and distant, long gone, it seemed like, and it wasn’t right. It wasn’t normal. It wasn’t something I’d predicted in the least, wasn’t something that I could understand, not an outcome that I could’ve anticipated, and certainly wasn’t a situation that I knew how to deal with. Unfortunately, this realization didn’t come to me until my own hands were lying near Dean’s, shaking in a way vastly similar to his own, and he was looking straight at me. Trying to find answers. Trying to find reassurance or support, something that I could not give him.
I was quick to act on his statement of regret, excited that he was sharing something positive and personal with me, feeling somewhat honored.
“Charlie told me she’d clean the tables that were especially soiled before she left last night…” I replied, slightly embarrassed as I quickly realized that it was another task that I should’ve performed on my own.
Again, my choice of reply was an abrupt dip of my head, but I wasn’t able to carry out the simple action without some sort of distraction that resulted in fault: as Charlie padded delicately away, making sure to weave in and around me to further the scene she’d just made, she threw me a swift wink, and I nearly blew my cover. It was all I could do to not burst at the seams, berate her for her ignominious tirade, but I was not known for my public outbursts of anger, or for my anger at all, so I found myself chewing on the inside of my lip instead, panicking over the damage she and my distracted nature had caused.
He’d expressed to me, more upfront and directly than ever before, how he knew he’d failed his family, especially his brother. It was then that I could see the remnants of what John Winchester had planted within Dean’s hand: the notion that he really was worthless and had failed their family, when in reality I couldn’t think of a better person. There had been a time where I’d thought my support and admiration of Dean was illogical and had gone too far, but I knew now he deserved every bit of it and more. He was just struggling to see it.
“Is everything alright?” I chimed, emanating as much casual, platonic, and still stranger-like concern as I possibly could without my voice trembling at how false it was. “You seem a little out of it, if you don’t mind me asking.”
At least, not until I turned around.
“The drinks are on the house tonight,” I announced to her as I poured her the second round of amber-colored whiskey. “I can see you need it tonight.” It was the smallest act of kindness I could think of compared to the hurricane she currently found herself lost in the middle of, but it eased the pain I was experiencing through hearing her story, so I was selfish in my methods.
But, in all honesty, was it Charlie’s fault? It was just in her nature to be naturally curious, naturally inquisitive, and despite her semi-intrusive methods, she meant well. I sensed concern in those damned undertones and even the desire to help, but my blame needed a target. I needed a center, a point of concentration, and the only person I could think of left was the very epicenter of it all, Dean. Yet, that didn’t sit well with me.
I drummed my fingers on the bar’s surface, considering what to say, what cards I should play next. It seemed as though he was just about done talking about his younger brother, so I decided that it couldn’t hurt to try to draw the conversation full circle and loop it back to him.
“It’s not that I didn’t enjoy our time yesterday, I just think it would be more beneficial to you if there was less alcohol in your system,” is how I believe it was phrased.
Those words danced and sang like words to a catchy song when I was forced to deal with the suburban soccer moms on Tuesday who did nothing but shout and complain about their husbands inability to arouse them in any way, shape or form, and I was even lucky enough to see a divorce pact formulate and be set in stone. (It was in times like those that I did, in fact, question the fate of the human race.)
A real chance? A real chance at what? I started to question whether her motives and mine were on the same page anymore, but couldn’t bring myself to speak up, so I waited and listened, suppressing every objection and every embarrassment I felt.
– what
And I had been able to tell that the day was not typical from the moment the sun had gleamed through the window, so I suppose Cas’s general mood and willingness to go a little too far for eight in the morning shouldn’t have come as a surprise to me, but no one would’ve been able to completely handle his hands snaking their way around my waist, his brute force in prying my lips open, and I felt lost and engulfed in a way only Castiel could make feel safe and okay.
Dean dipped his head in defeat and acceptance, saying, “Can’t argue with ya on that one, I guess.”
“Thanks, Cas.”
“Mr. Singer-uh...Bobby...also informed me that you and your brother planned to visit your father. Did that go as planned?” I pressed, hoping my strategy would prove to be successful. And Dean ran his free hand through his hair before speaking, eyes closed with a loud release of breath and an attempt to remove memories from his mind that had only transpired a few hours ago.
It stung some out of practice nerve to hear her relay her story to me, choked breath and all, and I found myself bent over the bar to hear her whispers. She certainly did not look the type to have such a broken spirit (when she arrived in the pub, I didn’t expect her to say much to me at all. Her attire made her look very intimidating.), but there was a lot of pain hidden under her heavy hair and her several layers of clothing and cosmetics. The pain was so fierce that I couldn’t help but feel it too. And when she’d reprimanded herself for spending her money on cheap drinks and cigarettes, I couldn’t help but do her a favor.
Charlie.
“I…thank you,” he starts, nodding to his chest. “That…that wasn’t the plan. Me getting offed.”
Soon after, I could tell she had finished her piece and I left her to her drowning tube of nicotine and sad addiction and moved on to grabbing bottles of whiskey, replenishing those we’d emptied that night. So far I’d poured a seemingly endless amount to three men who’d just returned from a game of late-night golf, after having broken into the country club they’d been kicked out of for “drunken horseplay.” Their clothes were stained so intensely with grass that the smell nearly drowned out those of the smoker just a few bar stools away. And while the lot of them was amusing, my old distraction had begun to spring up again, like the ghost of my new favorite regular was breathing down my neck. The warm air smelled of scotch and stale, unspoken words.
“But I-I wouldn’t put it that way,” I continued. I wasn’t trying to be rude, as he seemingly thought I was. Or, perhaps I just assumed he thought I was being impolite. His statements kept contradicting each other, but I was too concentrated on the circles under his eyes. What was their cause? Surely it wasn’t just ordinary exhaustion. That’s what Friday night’s tired eyes were for.
There was no “misleading humor” there, unlike Kevin’s laugh from earlier that day.
Cas sighed after his piece, and had it been any other time of day I would’ve felt concern over his aggravation, because usually he was “employee of the century” at all times and wouldn’t have complained about the salad dressing fiasco much at all, but he hated mornings like I hated the cold, and they brought out the worst in him. It was funny to me, though, because the worst wasn’t even that bad, and while he helped me stay warm in the winter I only proceeded to intentionally piss him off during his least favorite couple of hours.
“Fuck…” I murmured, running my fingers up and down my face so they couldn’t see its redness. “I...Dad, I know I screwed up. Sammy left and you got worse and I’m so fuckin’ sorry.”
“Dean...how come Dad’s never home?”
“I’m…I’m good…” he answers, daring to lean into the touch nearest his face. “Fine.”
It was a strangely thoughtful question, one that I’d never considered before, though the answer that popped into my head, “no,” didn’t seem nearly as odd as Dean was implying. They weren’t obligated to ask about me; they weren’t obligated to do anything. And even if they had inquired about my personal life or asked questions about how my mental state was, I wouldn’t have much of an answer for them. I was fine. I wanted to listen to what they had to say, and that was all I’d be able to think of.
“cool, see u then. oh-remember to keep an eye 4 that mystery dude. who knows? maybe he comes more often than just thursdays.”
“Yeah, I did. But Kevin doesn’t know that, and even though they’re not in the car, Kevin won’t give up because God forbid he do something wrong. It’ll keep him busy for a little while.”
I’d agreed wholeheartedly and with the stupidest of grins on my face.
Dean opened his mouth to reply without any hesitation, and for a brief piece of time my heart leapt in success and victory, but then he drew back, and so did my spirits. He was still holding onto the remains of his sobriety and hadn’t let himself go, at least not all the way, and I’d tried my luck too early. I was about to pay the price as well.
to,” Dean says, searching for the lie though never discovering it. “Really.”
Dean was really dying now. His hands were drooping away from Sam’s, who was trying to cry out to him, but Dean knew the fib had landed well enough. It was written all over his face like answers to an A+ test. So Dean turned his attention to a new pressure in his chest in between the broken ribs and rickety lungs. And it was familiar. It was tight and snug and precise. It reached for his throat and burned his eyelashes.
“No, they don’t,” I answered absently. “I wouldn’t have much to say to them if they did, anyways.”
Before answering, Dean chewed on his lip again like he was searching for the right way to phrase the reply that had popped into his head, or perhaps looking for one that he deemed suitable. I knew the majority of him didn’t want to tell me anything, that part of him wanted me to leave him in peace, but that was impossible, given how intrigued I was. Besides, if he didn’t let me converse with him, I wouldn’t be doing my job right. Bartending was an occupation that thrived on social interaction and communication, of course.
Don’t you give me that sass, boy.
But, the feeling of being rude and hurtful towards one of my closest friends trumped the sense of betrayal, if only for a short while, and I found myself shaking my head no in reply.
“I believe you’ve asked me that before, Dean.”
But the most important point of the lesson she’d taught me, or, more rather, the point that I’d drawn myself, was that the idea of soulmates was entirely, totally, completely, and wholesomely fictional.
And suddenly, as though my mind was shielded behind nothing more than wobbly plexiglass, Charlie appeared behind me with a arm full of trays and sparkles in her eyes. I decided then that I would speak to Kevin about rigging her up with some sort of an alarm system, and highly doubted that he would have any objections.
The first hole in those freshly-constructed defenses had been blown in, and I swallowed the mental pain to clear the lump in my throat and to free my voice.
Except nowadays.
Dean’s stomach is still turning even once he’s on his feet, and the events of the last three days are spinning like a rewinding VHS tape. Empty. Nothingness. Nobody. Jack is God. Cas is gone. Miracle the dog is at the bunker. Sam stares at photographs on his cellphone that he won’t let Dean see. Cas is gone. Dean hyperventilates at night until the dizziness puts him to sleep. Sam makes bacon in the morning. Dean realizes that Cas probably can’t hear his prayers anymore. Cas is gone.
“Fuckin’ hell, Cas, just let me talk, okay?”
“And just look at me now! I’m ranting off to nobody bartenders at deadbeat pubs, doin’ the same shit my dad did and complaining like I got any fuckin’ right to.”
“Thanks, Cas.”
“Oh, well, I know some but...it’s never really been-it’s never really been something that I’m very well-versed in…”
“What?” I murmured. I pretended like my own voice wasn’t so weak sounding that it hardly existed.
“Dad’s home a ton, Sammy, what do you-”
Secondarily, I made note of the creases on the right side of his face. One may think it was the imprint of a pillow, but I thought differently. Dean’s hand was trained intently on his left pocket where I could see the bulge of his phone emerge, and it was the only part of his body that seemed to be carrying out a task with a large amount of precision. The creases and lines streaked across his cheek and ear were from a phone, and judging from their intensity and his finger’s grip around his cellular device, he’d recently had a very important conversation.
Dean Winchester is not an optimist by any means.
“Double scotch, no ice.”
“Hah, I don’t mean to be a buzzkill or nothin’, just...ah...just makin’ sure you’re not into me or anything like that, hm?”
Dean wants to be on that cross again.
Dean’s lips curved upward into the most devilish of lazy and gleefully incoherent smiles, showing off a row of flawless teeth and cheeks that were quickly turning beet red. Not with embarrassment, of course, for I doubted shame was a familiar sensation to Dean Winchester, but with the effects of his drinks and the obvious distress his prying was causing me.
He was just staring at me with a look that I couldn’t comprehend. It certainly wasn’t an entirely positive one. It didn’t even possess much interest, really. It was just an ordinary stare that happened to look absolutely extraordinary and mindlessly intriguing, to the point where I was afraid to blink lest I miss a second of its presence.
“Oh...thanks.”
“My brother, Sam, called me a few hours ago to tell me that he’s stopping in for the weekend to visit my dad and I.”
This time, it was Charlie’s turn to roll her eyes in exasperation. I knew I was being thick and blunt, but it was my last line of defenses, and I really did not want to hear whatever was about to make its way from her lips and into my ears. I didn’t think the shade of red on my cheeks could get any more red, or my face would simply burst into flames and spontaneously combust.
Please.
“Well, first off, have ya been runnin’ for yer life recently? Sounds like you’re about to cough up a damn lung, son.”
“What’ll you have?”
The door gave a ding and his hefty, tall, and dark form had disappeared into the very same rain before I could blink and think of a decent response, and when my vision focused to see him gone, the swoop of energy that had come over me upon Dean’s arrival vanished. I found myself gripping the bar’s edge for support, scanning the seat Dean had been sitting moments before over and over, and wondering just what I’d been through. It took me a great deal of time to actually get moving, close down the pub, and enter into the dismal, dreary rain myself. It’s cold sheets served as a rude, less welcomed form of energy than what my usual yet still elusive regular had supplied me with.
I could still pick out the very streets we’d driven down, while my hand had been cringingly, yet delicately, glued to the top of his thigh as he transported me back home. The cheesy and probably intrusive act had been done out of my complete state of “wastedness,” of course, and for twelve torturous hours during the following day I went over each element of the exchange over and over again in my blotched and scattered memory, horrified over whether Cas had really wanted to do what he’d done. My anxieties and fears, however, were eased the next evening when I got a brief phone call from the recipient of what I knew was probably my worst kiss to date asking if I was feeling okay and, as a side note, making sure I would be coming back to visit him again once I was feeling up to speed and willing to consume significantly less alcohol.
“If you have it under control then, I’m gonna go make sure that lady I just saw walk past didn’t blow chunks in the bathroom,” she added, and I watched the ghost story boy’s eyes widen for a passing second at the blunt grotesqueness of her statement. “My puke senses are just tingling.”
She gave me one last smile, one that I imagined should be in sample photographs for picture frames it was so bright and plainly cheerful, before I was pulled forcefully from the peaceful reality of conversation by a ring from the opposite end of the pub. It was an iconic ring, one that sent more chills up and down my bare arms, but these chills weren’t out of worry. They were out of knowledge, of the sure feeling that someone of import had entered the bar.
It was like looking back into the past and seeing Dean Winchester enter my place of work for the very first time, the exact same way he had days upon days ago, every detail correct down to the very slouch of his shoulders and the noise of his feet creaking into the floorboards and to his lack of eye contact with any other soul in his remote proximity. I had to remind myself that I knew a great deal about the form making its slow yet sure and firm way towards me, that I could predict the very way in which he would take his seat and sip his drink, and that I had no reason to be afraid of interacting with him. I knew how. I knew how to handle him.
From the outskirts of my peripheral vision, I saw Dean’s own eyes perk up and widen at the thought of free drinks, and his expression shifted, now appearing to be confused. The sound of the scotch bottle emptying nearly drowned out his response, a word that I didn’t really expect to hear pass his round, pink lips,
“It never is with you,” Cas spits. It’s in jest. It flutters underneath Dean’s skin.
Had his lying rubbed off on Cas, too? Was he
And then she sent me on my way. She patted my shoulder, dipped her head in a way far too discreet and casual for the magnitude of the situation, and followed the path of the busboy that passed earlier without so much as a glance backwards in my direction. No reassurance, no encouragement, no support, nothing. I was a sole survivor trying to make it on an island, the last of a troop of soldiers, the last human alive in the apocalypse my previous customer had ranted so passionately about, and there was no other living soul in sight for miles and miles.
“That’s not –” except that’s exactly what it is, that and ten thousand more things. “You weren’t happy. Because of me. Don’t twist it. Don’t lie. For…God, for fuck’s sake, don’t lie to me anymore…”
Yet even through my fascination, and minor worry, I observed. He was obviously an angry person, and the emotion seemed relatively common for him to experience. He obviously thought he knew how to deal with it: coming to a bar and drinking it away until the cause of the meanness and the frustration was as blurred as his vision. He appeared to me like a man of destructive repetition, my reasoning played out in front of me.
“That guy’s a total psycho, a nutjob,” Charlie concluded as she placed the load of dishes on a cart being pushed stealthily into the kitchen and, ignoring the look of pure hatred the busboy gave her for increasing his workload, she leaned back against the wall next to the cascading shelves of liquor and crossed her arms around her chest.
“You don’t think the lady and her husband’s eyes ever locked?” I inquired further, breaking the laugh Charlie found herself in the middle of that was causing her hair to fall into her face and set her blue eyes alight with a spurt of joy.
“This does mean that you have to go to work though...unfortunately.”
“I’m guessin’ you came out to tell me I need to get the hell out?”
Charlie even asked me if I was alright, and I suspected she’d been tipped off by Kevin, who was often very perceptive of his co-workers’ well-being. I turned her concern away, however, in fear of my unnatural worrying about someone I, truly, had forced into sharing the drunken version of his life’s events. She would certainly turn it into some sort of lesson about the follies of life and the eternal sea of injured souls and irreparable pasts in the ironically melodramatic way she did most everything, but I wouldn’t be able to explain to her why this Dean Winchester fit into a category outside of that one. Not without making myself sound like a complete fool with an embarrassing and inexcusable obsession with winning my own game, that is.
“Would you like another?” I asked, the moment he’d finished dissecting the scotch, downed its remains in one go, and slammed the cup down on the bar with a resounding thud. He nodded in response to my offer, flicking the glass forward and towards my hands. It landed barely a millimeter away from the edge of my finger and I could feel the places where his own hands had grasped it, like hotspots.
“Can you believe the indecency? The...the idiocy?”
A gleam of blue headlights dashing down the dimly lit street gave me the answer, the solution being found in the shade of aquamarine being projected by the vehicle’s front light-bulbs.
“T-this is a lot more than you owe...your total’s only nineteen dollars and sixteen cents-”
And just as he had a week ago, Dean Winchester turned his head a full one-hundred and eighty degrees, leaning against the wooden doorframe with the chipping and peeling paint, and gave me one long look of green and amber and a brokenness that just wasn’t clear. It was hazy and undefined and very, very wholesomely cohesive. It consumed him until, it seemed, that there wasn’t any salvageable pieces to understand.
“Again, I can’t force you to –”
“Really, no judgment here, okay? You should just go for it.”
“Nah...that’s not what it was. I think it was just ‘cuz I didn’t want to be left alone at home after so many years.”
Some sort of godsend occurred, however, in the seconds that followed. Dean must’ve sensed my gaze and turned his own head upwards. I sent him a sorrowful look, trying to convey my apologies and that I had to serve other people for the time being to prevent another interruption, and to my literal euphoria, he dipped his head in a much more courteous nod than I’d given Charlie, followed by a slightly gauche pursing of his lips and a thumbs-up. It was his own, ridiculous way of letting me know he understood, even egging me on to do my job before singling him out. It was an understatement to say that it gave me great joy to be served with such a friendly gesture, and an implication that we’d be able to “discuss later.” Filled with a new determination, I went to work.
“Dean...if you don’t mind me asking,” I began, trying my absolute hardest to be as polite and estranged as possible. If I came across as too personable, too concerned, I feared he would retract back into the shell of silence I’d only recently convinced him to emerge from.
Anyways, there had been far more distractions than just my almost-dangerous street crossings. The past three days had been full of fruitless analyzation and vivid recollections of the last Thursday night. I still could recite the “online fraud man’s” story, and I could picture right in front of me the way in which the newlyweds snuck cheeky glances at one another, thrilled at the scandalous escape they’d made from their own marriage ceremony, but neither of those were as striking and clear as the cohesively broken mystery man’s voice and eyes.
No, I still don’t like the cold, chilly weather and I don’t particularly like going outside. The bland and bare trees outside aren’t magical to me, nor are they any kind of beautiful, and I still went just about mad hearing the same damn three Christmas songs play over and over again on every radio station the moment Thanksgiving had passed, but there had been additions to my life that made the treacherous season exponentially more enjoyable, and now there wasn’t a day throughout the entire year that I didn’t appreciate them. It was hard not to, if I’d ever bothered to try otherwise, since I saw them each and every day without fail.
I swallowed deeply, my fingers gripping the bar’s edge until my knuckles turned white, a pitiful attempt at stabilizing myself, and I hoped Charlie wasn’t lying in wait.
“Oh, well if you’re too busy, perhaps I could help out back here? I’m sure Kevin would be fine with waiting tables...if he doesn’t embarrass himself too badly within the first fifteen seconds, of course…” She suggested, with an innocent voice but stingingly devilish intentions. I nearly had to shove both my hands into my pockets to prevent them from quaking with nerves and a frustration I’d never felt towards Charlie, of all people.
“Sam was always a total genius,” Dean had remarked, with a distant sort of pride illuminating his eyes. I couldn’t help but stare and listen.
I flinched at the sound of her using my newly appointed nickname, but my tensing meant nothing to her and she continued her analysis of the situation she’d so clearly witnessed...secondhand. And with a kitchen door with but one small, circular window separating her from Dean and I as it played out.
Things weren’t okay. Cas should be beside him. If he was to go, he just wanted to tie that loose end. He wanted to undue that lie, if nothing else.
with two knives to your name. That’s irresponsible.”
“Nah…”
Dean didn’t like that answer, and being me and given my job, I had to comply with what he wanted.
Dean’s grip is loosening on Cas as his mouth grows stiffer and stiffer. He can’t remember the last time he’s heard the words he’s trying to say and pauses to wonder if Cas has ever heard them, himself.
“Hello, Mr. Singer!”
“No, you’re right on time. Just like every other day. Never late. Ever.”
