John grinned. "Hmm, that's interesting."
“John’s going to come over,” he said, staring into the garden without really looking at anything.
John did his best to offer his opinion and then left. Outside he didn't see Sherlock anywhere.
Sherlock nodded. "How was work?" he asked.
Sherlock took a sip of tea, though he was already feeling quite warm inside. "That is good to know," he said. He sat back, a little more relaxed. That part of the talk had gone well. "Should we talk about the other thing?" he asked tentatively.
"You started it," John said childishly.
“It’s hilarious,” Sherlock said.
He opened his eyes again as they pulled into the cottage drive. He hadn’t been there for years, but he recognised it from the many weeks he’d spent there as a child. He grabbed his bag and followed Mycroft who unlocked the door. His mother had changed a few things, but it still felt the same inside.
"I guess this one," Sherlock said, pointing. "I think I move when I sleep." He sat down on the bed. "Did you have a particular film in mind?"
"My offer was sincere," Sherlock said as he handed him a cup of tea. "I don't mind sleeping on the sofa since you have work tomorrow."
"I assumed that was the plan," John said.
John flushed lightly and kissed his hand again. “I have to confess that when I first liked that guy, my mum wasn’t surprised. She said she thought you and I would end up together, and I thought it was crazy. We were friends. But we were young and I didn’t think of us like that. But when she said it . . . I don’t know. I never dated anyone again after that because I kept comparing them to you. I wanted to say that, so you would know too, that no one is like you for me either. I love you too, Sherlock."
John stared at him. "He's not a toddler. And I was not bringing work. I was just going to visit."
"I have them," John said, pressing closer. He wanted to rub against Sherlock's thigh -- he needed something -- but Sherlock's hands were taking his clothes off so he grabbed at the buttons on Sherlock’s shirt.
"Don't act like you're surprised by that," John grinned.
John nodded. "You must be tired," he said. He stood and took his own plate to the sink, taking the time to wash up everything. "I'm going up as well. It's been a long day," he said. He looked over at Sherlock. "I'm really glad you're home, Sherlock."
“John was just telling me about school,” she said quickly, glancing at John. “Well, I’ll leave you two alone -- let me know if you get hungry and I can make some lunch.” She got up and took her lemonade with her.
Sherlock shifted over so he could spoon John. “I liked what we did,” he said softly. “Do you want to keep doing things like that together?”
“I have to be honest, I didn’t think I’d enjoy swimming, but today’s been a good day,” Sherlock said. “I’ve not missed being on my computer or anything about home. And I’m bizarrely tired. But a good day.”
"Can I use the phone to call her?" he asked.
“Do you want to stop?” Sherlock asked, abruptly looking up at John’s face.
John's brows furrowed. "No, your pipes. I mean the pipes."
"Just because of that?" Sherlock asked.
"Why didn't you like the kissing?"
“Behind the lilac underneath my window,” Sherlock said. “It should stay protected, but there’s no way anyone would ever move that bush so it won’t get accidentally dug up.”
"Well thank you for keeping me in check," John laughed.
Sherlock smiled. Everyone knew Sherlock’s thoughts on boredom, and he had to agree that since the moment John walked into his life, things had definitely not been boring.
"I do not," John said. “I just wanted to be sure what you were asking.”
"What? No, Sherlock. I am not angry with you. I am just telling you what is going on since you seem to really not know," he said.
“I doubt anyone could,” Sherlock said. “I know I couldn’t -- I need someone like you around. I thought it was all me, but it wasn’t as good on my own. I needed you.”
Sherlock moved toward John, reaching from behind to grab one hand. He turned him around and grabbed the other hand, stepping closer and beginning to dance with him. “Remember when we danced?” he said softly, not sure if he should regret this.
"Could you come help me for a second?" Sherlock called.
“Right, good,” Mycroft said. He turned to leave.
“Nothing,” he mumbled, getting out three mugs.
John was surprised and looked away from him. Sherlock did seem to be able to figure things out. "I had to see a therapist when I came back from the war. I had a very painful limp and . . . stress. She thought a blog would help me assimilate. I was angry and bitter when I came back . . . I was shot, and I can't be a surgeon anymore."
“Are you planning to run off with him then?” Sherlock asked her.
“A letter to my future self,” Sherlock said. “It’s sealed so give up trying to see what it says.”
John nodded. "That's what I thought," he said. "Which side is your side?"
On the screen, Tom tried to slam Jerry with a large frying pan, but he missed and it bounced back and hit his own face.
“I don’t know what else to say -- I went to class and I went back to my room. I did the science team and I once got in trouble for stealing something from the chem lab,” Sherlock said.
"You claim you went to a lot of trouble to find me -- all that just for my name?"
"Fine," Sherlock said sharply. "I wasn't listening to her -- I spent all afternoon trying to tune her out." He sat down on his chair. "Isn't Clara the ex?"
“Tigers,” Sherlock mumbled. He turned on his other side, pulling his knees up, pressing his feet against John’s side.
"Ugh, yes John, I know," she said, barreling her way passed him. John followed her upstairs and sent a text to Sherlock.
"Well, your little game has had a surprising effect . . ." Sherlock said, lifting his hand to grip John's arm. "What do you think of that?"
Mycroft glanced over. "I'm sure he won't be long."
"Am I?" Sherlock asked as he slid his hands to the sides of John's head, cradling it.  "You've never mentioned it before.
"I don't have anything specific. But I have stories about John from when we were little he probably doesn't want you to know. I know his middle name. I know some other things . . ." she smiled and shrugged. "He worries about silly things. Plus he'd never want to be embarrassed in front of you."
“On our adventures,” Sherlock said with a cheeky grin.
"You have to give me clues! That's how the game works."
Finally, John gave up waiting for Sherlock. He focused on his studies, his sports, and his new friends. It was hard not to think about Sherlock at first -- whenever something good happened that was the first person he wanted to tell. But he wasn’t writing letters anymore. After his first date and his first girlfriend, he talked to the boys on his rugby team, the same way they talked to him and to each other. Slowly they became John’s go-to for advice.
John stilled and swallowed hard. "Let me see," he said, shifting to get up.
"I could have sworn I said something about sunscreen," John said.
"Oh, shut up, you idiot! It was a dream about you,” John said. He pushed back and got up from the table. "Now it's out, and we're moving on."
“Because,” Sherlock started before he knew exactly what was going to follow. “I have no idea actually.”
“No, it isn’t -- it can’t be,” Sherlock said.
“We thought your friend might be joining us for the holiday,” his father said before coughing a little.
“You mean your clothes?”
Sherlock humphed on the sofa. He waited for a few minutes, hoping John would come back, but he didn’t. He dragged himself up and went into the bathroom and turned on the bath.  He stripped off and then got in to the hot water. He rubbed his hands over his face and then sunk underneath. The noise from the pouring water filled his head. Eventually he pushed himself up.
He opened his laptop and re-read the message from Mycroft about where he was headed and what he was required to do. Then he read the newspaper and did a crossword. Finally he opened John’s blog. Their blog. The story of Sherlock and John. He’d read it through at least once a week ever since he’d left. He liked remembering.
John took a long sip of his drink and looked back at Sherlock. "Are you asking me?"
“I’m glad you think so,” Sherlock said. “Mrs Hudson agrees as well. But we needn’t tell her about all this,” he added moving his hand between their bodies.
"John! It’s lovely . . . I've never seen Sherlock be so sweet," she said.
And then somehow, he found himself on the street, alone, heading to the bar he’d visited last night. Maybe he was double-checking for the dealer. Maybe he just wanted some air. In truth, he tried not to think about anything about why he was doing this.
For some reason, that reply made Sherlock feel better.
After a couple hours of trying to keep himself occupied and trying to get comfortable in bed to watch movies John gave up, more bored than ever. He needed something to do, something more than just lying around because there had been too much of that already. He closed his computer and went down to the sitting room, looking around the whole room. It was a mess, really. That's what he could do. He started organising everything and cleaning up, making his way around the mess.
“I’ve not missed the bossiness either,” she said. She grabbed some bowls and sat down next to John. “You still want to go to the cabin with someone so shouty and bossy?”
“Do the police know the truth about the gallery?”
John shrugged. "I just got lucky," he said. He smiled over at Sherlock.
Almost two hours later he was leaving the club. He had mingled a bit, struck up some conversations, and got some feedback about the bands. As he walked he texted his friend what he had heard and seen in the crowd, as well as his own opinion of the band. When he sent it all he hailed a cab to get back to his flat. He never knew when his friend would call him up again so he needed to get some rest so he wasn’t too tired tomorrow to do his studying.
“Well, you’ve made it very obvious why you came here tonight,” Sherlock said.
“Well, that was a waste of an evening,” Sherlock said when John came in.
John flushed lightly, looked up and kissed Sherlock's mouth.
John watched Sherlock as Mycroft left the flat. "Well, you got him to leave at least," he said, smiling.
“And I can take care of you, too.”
Since John moved in, Sherlock had not once searched through his things or invaded his privacy in any way. He’d considered it obviously, but at first, he was just trying hard to be a ‘normal’ flatmate and then eventually he realised he really respected John. He even thought of him as a friend, though he wasn’t sure he actually ever had used the word.
John shook his head. "Nothing out of the ordinary so far."
They walked his parents out and then headed back in. Sherlock sat down on the sofa. “Our trip begins now, I suppose,” he said. “Are you hungry? What food did you bring?”
"That way?" Sherlock asked, nuzzling John's neck.
A woman answered.
"Sherlock . . ." John moaned softly, looking up and trying to tug him down into a kiss.
John tilted his head a bit. "It's okay, I'm liking the film so far," he assured Sherlock.
“What are you talking about?”
John kept moving until he was all the way inside. He kept kissing Sherlock, panting softly.
John shook his head lightly. "That's all right,” he said. “But I can assure you that everything is in working order." John tucked away the cheque and headed out to his van. He climbed in and crossed the address off of his work list before heading off to his next one.
John finished his drink. "No, that's not why. I'm just saying. I'm not allowed to compliment my friends?"
“Fine -- thank you,” she said, taking a sip. “You missed most of the toasts . . . cake will be next.”
"Right," John said.
“Excellent,” Sherlock said. He picked up his sandwich and ate a bite. “I’m done, I think.”
John thought about it for a moment, then raised their joined hands. "This."
Sherlock was lying on his bed when the text came in.
“Do you want to stay for lunch?”
John felt panicked. He took off the condom and moved closer. "We don't have to do anything else -- it's okay." He lay down and moved closer. Maybe this had been a terrible idea.
"That's not a good habit to start," John said.
John settled between his legs and licked a long stripe up Sherlock's cock, swirling around the head before taking it into his mouth.
John thought about that. He used to enjoy it, but it had been a long time. "Sometimes," he answered. "I used to go out a lot more than I have lately."
“Will you be working on it tonight, do you think? At the flat?” she asked.
John came up and kissed his mouth softly, lying beside him. "What do you want to try now?"
John watched Sherlock go, wondering if he was upset about something. But Sherlock was always running off like that so John put it out of his head. He tidied up his things and went upstairs to his room.
Sherlock gave John a small smile. Then his face changed. “He’s here,” he said.
John nodded as he found Sherlock's mouth and kissed him hard, lying down on the bed.
“About me?” Sherlock asked. He stood up to make some tea, trying to think for a second. “I see, yes, well, that makes more sense. About why you were acting odd, I mean. Well, I hope it wasn’t too upsetting for you.” He brought two mugs over and sat down again. “Did my sexiness scare you?” he added with a cheeky grin.
He went away in his head, remembering. He remembered meeting John, the first day came to the flat, their dinners at Angelo’s, their cases. He came back from his head when there was a knock on the door. Sherlock waited for the password and then unlocked the door. A man in black leathers nodded for Sherlock to follow him. The man climbed onto a motorcycle. Sherlock strapped his bag over his shoulders and climbed onto the back of the bike.
Once Harry was settled they said their goodbyes. John assured her he'd visit and she promised to call. He left and got himself a cab, alone with just his thoughts now, racing about what would happen when he got back to the flat.
John shifted and automatically reached for his alarm. But the dresser wasn't within reach. He blinked his eyes open and looked around, realising he wasn’t in his room. "Oh," he murmured, shifting to get up.
Sherlock also woke up early, checking his things before he headed downstairs. His mum and dad were having coffee outside, so he went out to say he was ready. They were both smiling in a way that made him feel like they’d been talking about him, but he didn’t ask to confirm. They said they’d be leaving in the afternoon, so he texted John to let him know.
John blinked at him. "Okay. Finish your wine," he said, leaning back in his chair.
Harry saw Sherlock and leaned back against the sofa as if that would hide her from him.
“Fair enough,” Sherlock said. “You’ve not seen anyone yet who is your type?”
“No,” she said. “Are you?”
“Whatever,” Sherlock said. “There’s more to life than money, you know.”
“Then you made an excellent choice when you decided I was your boyfriend that night,” Sherlock said with a grin.
“I help all the time,” Sherlock said, deciding to make a claim without any evidence whatsoever. “Actually, I thought you’d offer to help with cases if needed -- how is that going to work if you just disappear without letting me know where you are?”
“Sherlock, what is your problem then?”
"It’s okay," John said. "How do you feel?"
"Okay. I'm not even going to try to limit your cigarettes," he said.
“Well, it may
"I think I just need to wake up a bit," John said, yawning before taking a sip of tea.
John chuckled. "Something quick and easy," he suggested.
Sherlock stood up and washed their mugs. Then his phone rang. He grabbed it and quickly moved to his desk.
“No,” Sherlock said. “I was hoping you’d change your mind and decided to stay home.”
"What do you mean by special?" John asked.
“We can still speak -- you can call,” Sherlock said quickly, hearing more desperation in his voice than he’d expected. “Later, I mean. So I can let you know what the doctor says. And while I’m away, I mean.”
John fumbled with the bottle and gave up trying to open it, taking the whole thing but not moving because he still didn't want to face Sherlock. "I'm sorry," he said.
John nodded. "It’s amazing," he said.
John shrugged.
When he got there, the place was already quite busy. He got a drink and then found a place to stand near the back where he could see everyone. He looked for the girlfriend and found her near the front. She was standing with a group of women, though -- no boyfriend in sight. He wanted another cigarette, but didn’t want to lose sight of her.
“No, I rested when you were out, though, so don’t nag,” Sherlock said.
“Kissing? With who?”
John nodded, finding his mouth for a deep kiss as his body moved with Sherlock's. Sherlock kissed John as he started to relax into the movement. Then he pushed up on one arm, grabbing John’s hand and leading it to his cock. He bent down and kissed John again.
"You didn't think I was going to solve it," Sherlock said as he sunk down into his armchair.
"Perhaps I shouldn't be here . . ." Sherlock said awkwardly, though he wasn't really sure where he was supposed to go if she agreed.
“Good. That would’ve been awkward,” Sherlock said. “Any other questions?”
“It’s fine,” Sherlock said.
“Is that what you want? Or did you just want to try out your dream?”
John laughed softly. "I don't want this to be just a one time thing. I'd like this to be how we are now."
"Whatever you want," John said. "It's good, this place?"
Sherlock dropped down onto John and then shifted, getting rid of the condom, and dropping down next to him. “That was good,” he said softly, rubbing his hand over his face and through his hair.
They started passing out the cake slices, and Molly made her way to their table to say hello.
Sherlock stood still for a moment. He wondered if Mrs Hudson would be even assuming feelings mattered if he and John hadn’t shared what they shared at Molly’s wedding. He didn’t know what to make of that, but at the moment, he wanted to finish his work.
Sherlock kept at work -- he wanted their first time to last as long as it could, but he couldn't deny he was already dying for release. Eventually he could feel his stomach tightening and he lifted his head, his hand immediately taking over from his mouth. "I liked that," he said, shifting his body beside John's.
John nodded. "Okay, right," he said. "Mycroft didn't pay you off, right?" he asked.
"It’s not, really. We live together so I would see more sides of him that anyone else."
It wasn’t long until Sherlock was agitated again. It was strange -- before John moved in a few months ago, Sherlock had always preferred being alone. But now it seemed that Sherlock actually liked being with John -- yes, sometimes he was frustrating, but overall things just seemed better when John was around him. He picked up his phone.
Sherlock paused to think -- he didn’t want to raise suspicions, but he obviously didn’t have any photos to send.
“No, we’re not, John,” Sherlock said calmly, picking up his cup of tea and taking a sip.
“All right,” Sherlock said. “I’ll make sure everything’s all nice and tidy before I go to sleep.” He gave John a smile and then got back to work.
Sherlock looked up. It was Jim, a boy who had insisted on sitting next to him in every class since the first day of school. “Just work,” he mumbled and looked back down.
Sherlock spun John out a little and then pulled him back close. “I could dip you, if you think you can handle it.”
“Thank you for moving into my cave and for the adventures,” Sherlock said. He reached over and rested his hand on John’s. “And for making me feel safe.”
There was a shift at his side, a closer approximation.
"No, no, Doctor ... Why, yes! Could you examine me? Examine me and tell me what you see?"
His blood burned for this man. God forgive him, he wanted to seduce him. But not because his blood burned. Because of the sweetness in the notes, the sweetness within Sherlock. He felt the jolt of saying that name to himself. How many people in this world had ever called him by that name alone? He wanted that privilege. He suddenly wanted it more than anything.
"Why aren't you eating, Sherlock?"
"I'm not sure that I can be of much help to you." Mrs Thompson sat squatly on her chair, while a cat swished at the hem of her voluminous black skirts. The air was close and stale with the smell of cold bacon.
"No, of course not," Watson said again.
"No ... no more trouble ..." St Martin said. He cast anxious eyes at Watson, who sat down gingerly in his own chair. "You told me ... You saw trouble and came through it, came through to the other side. How did you do it? ... How did you come through to the other side?"
Too many signs pointed to Emmeline St Martin as the murderer. The widow's evasiveness concerning her houseguest. Ronnie St Martin taking so much trouble to explain his sister to Watson. Miss St Martin's presence at the scene of the crime itself. Sherlock Holmes did not especially care for evidence spelled out in emphatic bold type.
"Yes," said Holmes, luxuriating in the prospect like a cat.
"Well, I was trying to— Oh, never mind. Yes, it's about a case," Lestrade grumbled. "A murder, no less."
"Understandable."
Holmes rose to his feet, turning this way and that as he played snatches and passages of works he had performed before, but he did not appear to be immediately pleased with the sound the violin produced. He waited a bit, then played the instrument again, and did this several times more until he was satisfied that the tone held true.
"Not a night to be out in at all, and bless those souls who are," Watson said and threw more coal on the fire that he had laid a short while since.
"Hmm. One Mycroft Holmes."
"Of course I am."
Holmes looked down at his lap in surprise at the plaid covering that lay there. And then at Watson in the same surprise. Watson smiled to himself. Ah, Holmes, he thought.
Back on the Venetian balcony, Watson felt Time passing and watched how it hurried, eager to meet its appointments, casting aside those on whom it had once lavished such extravagant attention. He had made it a practice never to touch Holmes beyond the general manner of friends when in public places or where he otherwise might be seen but, with Time itself so heedless, he decided he would allow himself this consolation. Terracottas and carmines moved in his peripheral vision. Before him was that magnificent visage, its nose sharpened by age, but so singular, so full of the accumulation of experience, somehow, still, despite every adventure together, never fully understood by him. He reached out his hand and rested the lightest touch of the pads of his fingers against Holmes's cheek, letting them remain there, needing nothing. The only sign Watson noticed was a shallow lift and exhalation of Holmes's chest. No other response. But Watson felt the acknowledgment of the great man. He wanted to believe that he felt it.
"Some trunks of mine have come from Portsmouth. I had given them up completely for lost," Watson replied. As he spoke, two deliverymen muscled the trunks into the room and set them down.
"Mycroft and I were taught independence from a very tender age. One of my earlier memories is of the nurse swaddling me tight in my cot. Don't ask me how I should recall this. I believe I must have been no more than three years old at the time. Are you listening?"
A night-blue sky of stars. Staring up at the heavens, Victor Trevor by his side. That evening his thoughts had expanded and leapt their customary boundaries, like a colt that had submitted too long to its new harness and was at last free. Only the vault of the sky above could match the echoing vault of his mind that night.
"Yes, a second-storey window," she repeated. "They say it is so peaceful and beautiful in Hampstead, but it's awful. Desolate. No one talks to you here."
His tone altered and he spoke as if he had come to a decision. "Yes. It began a long time ago. He always had me in his sights. But how does a child of eight know that something is terribly amiss? I used to bring him my stolen fruits so willingly, with such desire for his approbation.
"The same kind of biscuit tin in which he sent the Royal Gold Cup to the Queen,” Holmes purred. A deep laugh began to roll forth from him, the kind he rarely indulged in but that was joyous to hear.
Watson smiled with an effort. He did not see how he could bear this situation for much longer. But he must do it, because it was clear that Holmes–. Sherlock–. Sherlock Holmes–. Was not prepared–. Did not–. Was not, nor ever would be, inclined to meet him where he longed to go. He chastised himself most bitterly for his self-deception. He had let himself believe that Holmes's time away would have wrought a change in his heart. Not as much as it had altered Watson, because, well–. But a little.
"'I attempted to turn his mind from the morbid topic of our conversation. 'Fantastical ideas can accost you out there, when you're far away and missing the familiar customs of home, or tired from a long day's march. You must never think too much on any of it. —And how does that feel, now? It's best if it's bound tight like so. If it gives you any more trouble, you can always stop by Baker Street.'
"Ah, no, that's where I'll dispute you, my dear Watson. The game has only just begun!"
"It was an outdated tradition even then. To wrap children up like that. But you mustn't think that I minded it. In fact it was an immense protection, having one's body so neatly contained. It induced a spiritual exaltation the likes of which I've only experienced on a few occasions since, and which left me almost weeping for the bonds of long ago. When I was allowed to graduate to short trousers, I used to remember that time more than a little wistfully. It's a difficult thing to explain."
"Yes, but this burglary bears all the marks of Raffles's modus operandi. The conspicuous target, the brazen manner in which the object was stolen, and–as you so helpfully pointed out, Dr Watson–the insolence with which it was sent afterwards to the Queen. All this leads to at least the suspicion that it may be he."
Mrs Thompson's face took on a mulish aspect. "Emmeline was in a fragile state and I believed she would benefit from the sea air."
"You had better get on with it, then. Your story about the St Martins. I look forward to reading it. With the names changed to protect the innocent, of course." He flushed unaccountably as he settled himself in his armchair, while Watson went in search of tea. Mrs Hudson knew how to lay the best fires. This one crackled low and sure. He stretched out his long legs like a self-satisfied cat. Then he sobered. Here in this chair had sat Ronnie St Martin, slowly breaking apart as he confessed the darkest secrets that a family could hold. There in that chair had sat Watson, revealing the harrowing burden of his nightmares. It was a curious conflation. Holmes was standing and watching St Martin, and at the same time sitting and seeing the room from St Martin's vantage. He was sitting and listening to Watson, and at the same time seeing the dusty battlefield of Maiwand as his friend must have encountered it. It was as if a slight shift of angle allowed him to step back and forth between these states. As if he could feel the courageous hearts of the two men beating within his own frame.
"Thank you," Holmes said, his rich-timbred voice torn at the edges. "Thank you."
"Tsk, tsk. It's much too late an hour to be dashing about. Neither of you is as young as you used to be.
"He never was able to take care of himself properly, was he? When you lived here before, he came to depend on you such a great deal. Even though he never did like to show it. Imagine those two months, then, Dr Watson," she rattled on, "while you were deciding if you would return to Baker Street. They were an agony for him. I've never seen him so full of nerves. He thought you would say no to the idea."
Holmes stepped out of the shadows and moved towards the sitting room, but paused when he caught a glimpse of St Martin's face. It was that of a man who was shattered beyond repair.
MacKenzie wore a sour expression. He was a man of sharp temperament, prone to sudden flares of anger. "They asked for the way to the Prehistoric Saloon, but that's the last that was seen of them. They must have blended into the crowd afterwards and from there taken a cab."
Why hadn't he seen this coming? But Holmes always was one to reveal the most important clues as if they were so much diversion.
She led them into a parlour, her flowing gown trailing behind her. Then she turned to Holmes and Watson, lifting her chin. "I don't suffer from melancholy," she said. Holmes paused, unsure how to respond to such a pronouncement.
"I'm John St Martin," he announced, without standing to shake hands. He was in his early fifties, possessed of fair hair and good looks, a faint smile of amusement on his lips. He had an air of great vitality about him, as if he could have hunted a lion before breakfast. He turned his particular attention now on Holmes.
"What did you think I would find?"
"And the method of murder?"
Watson rose and stood before St Martin, who sat hopelessly hunched in the chair. He put an arm around him, wrapping him in tweed and normality. "You were a company of one man. Against a foe who held the securest of positions. There was nothing else you could have done. We always ask ourselves afterwards if we lacked courage. If we could have done things differently. But that way lies madness." Holmes heard the snuffling of St Martin's tears and wondered how Watson could allow himself to be soiled with them. Holmes turned away, but could not block out the humiliating sound. Watson continued to comfort the man, and Holmes was struck by how broken Watson himself must be to say the words he had uttered. He could not stand there hiding in the dark. He must rouse himself and confront the matter. Send for Lestrade. Cross-examine John St Martin. Document and record. Place it all neatly in a new scrapbook.
"No, but you must eat," he insisted. "The pie is very good." Watson wiped the back of his hand across his moustache.
"'Yes, of course.'
"I do."
Watson did not reply at first.
"I imagine it's hopeless, then? You'd rather I didn't accompany you on future cases."
Holmes cleared his throat.
"Attempting to change the subject?" Holmes asked, incredulous. "From what, pray?"
"'That's right.'
"What can we do for you, my dear brother?" Holmes asked.
"The St Martins spoke to you, not because of any particular line of questioning you adopted, but because you allowed them to confide in you in a way that I've never managed to do."
He realised that he had not felt the desire to write a poem since before Mary's passing. Before Holmes went away. Perhaps this newly-returned impulse had something to do with how happy he was these days. It was palpable, like a pulse, a beat within his veins, a surging feeling that might be tenderness or gratitude.
"Is this how you ate in the old days, around your campsites in the Hindu Kush?"
"'Did you ever visit the Buddhas of Bamiyan?' he asked, his face momentarily alight. 'I remember as a child imagining the great figures come to life and stepping out of their giant alcoves.'
"Yes, I know of the place. I have a friend there."
Watson marvelled at his jaunty tone.
"Yes."
"There's just one caveat, though," Mycroft Holmes said. "Since this case has received, and continues to receive, such an inordinate amount of attention from the public and the Press, you must operate strictly within the bounds of established procedure, observing every punctilio." He hesitated. "I'm afraid that you'll have to work with MacKenzie of Scotland Yard–"
"That sentiment should not interfere with the life of the mind. That I should concentrate fully on the intellect and what it alone can apprehend."
"That's all right, stop if you like. There's no need to forgo looking on my account."
Holmes got out of the bed, inserting his arms into the gown and securing its belt tightly around him. "Dudeney sent over new puzzles, did he? Well, let's hope they're a bit more challenging than the last ones. I sent him a note with my recommendations for making them more idiot-proof, but then I remembered that his readers are
"This may try all your powers, Holmes."
"Too bashful to eat in front of the lovely Bacon the Butcher and the corpse purveyors?" Watson cast a nod at the portraits that watched over them.
"Beginning when I was twelve—Emmeline was ten—he used to order me to his room, where he would—receive his lady companions." St Martin's face burned. "He made me sing for them, clad only in my undergarments. I protested, but he threatened to harm my sister if I didn't carry out his schemes to the letter. It was a bargain I had to make."
"He had cut his hand—a nasty gash that he said he had got while trying to open a tin of olives. It was tied up all a-skelter with a cloth." Watson frowned. "It seemed straightforward enough at first."
"Hmm, that's true," Holmes's eyes sparkled.
"Do I?" Watson removed his hand from his moustache and placed it on the arm of his chair. "No one else was at home," he went on. "I had my medical bag with me, so I proceeded to dress the injury. St Martin, the poor fellow, was absolutely done in. Haggard, with dark circles under his eyes. I made conversation, but each time he would trail off, as if he couldn't fix on a subject for more than a few minutes.
“He said you said to give him forty pounds,” John said, groaning when he saw Sherlock shaking his head. "To be honest, I thought for sure that car was going to be Mycroft. Does he know about this visit? He'll lock me up next."
“Fuck,” Sherlock moaned at the sight of it. He squeezed his eyes tight and got lost in the sound and movement on the bed.
"Me too," John said. He turned a bit to face Sherlock properly.
They stayed close together until Sherlock calmed down. After a few minutes, he said, “I suppose a lot has changed.”
“Dr Watson is duly employed with regular paychecks, if you’re concerned about that.”
“John who?”
"I don't have plans," he said. "Do you?"
When he finished packing everything, he went down to let Mrs. Hudson know what was happening. Later on, he slipped the bag over his shoulder and left the flat.
"I'm not a liar. You know that too."
"Hmm. Looks interesting."
John chuckled softly. "I hope not."
"Oh, okay. Will the telly bother you?"
John stared at him for a moment. "And then I'll come back down? How will that help me not fall asleep on the sofa?"
“She’ll be very envious of me then,” Sherlock said.
When they finished up at the restaurant they talked out on the sidewalk for a bit, both of them about to go separate ways. John wondered about Clara, but Harry didn't bring her up so John didn't either. They headed back to the flat and, after some hugs and goodbyes, true to her word, Harry grabbed her bags to head out to the halfway house.
John shifted his own legs to lie back against the sofa’s arm. "Next he recruited an intelligent wizard to help him with the more mysterious things on the mission."
She looked at him skeptically. She turned to John. “You smoke?” she said. “You look too healthy.”
Sherlock set his menu down. "What do you mean?" he asked, glancing over at John and then at Harry.
John looked up again. "Not really."
John looked down again but kept moving his head, his tongue grazing the tip when he came up.
“His name’s John,” Sherlock said. “Everyone seems quite interested in him.”
"Listen Sherlock, I need to talk to you about something," John said.
"Well, you see—" began Lestrade.
"Am I interrupting you? You'll never guess what happened. Well, you see, the bank agent had a dog, who, most unfortunately for its owner, led us to an old painting buried beneath the bank of a nearby marsh, and rolled up inside this canvas–Do you have a moment? I'll just get rid of these things and be right back. When you've done with your work, come sit at the foot of my chair and I'll tell you all."
"What? Oh, well. It was poor St Martin who was brave enough to lay the whole thing out. I really did nothing but attend to what he said."
"I'm aware of that and I'm telling you that I regret it already. And I've not even taken the blade to you yet."
"You have a habit of rubbing your moustache between your left thumb and forefinger when you're working out a problem."
"I believe a case of Dr John Watson has come over me, now that I think of it. Is it treatable, do you happen to know, or shall I perish from its symptoms?"
"Would John St Martin have wanted to harm your husband?"
Somehow they had ventured into territory Watson had never thought they would enter. Holmes radiated dissatisfaction.
The arrival of dawn found the two men still in the sitting room at Baker Street, Watson with his elbows on the desk, his hair wild and disarranged, his eyes bleary, but with a dogged attention to Holmes's remarks while Holmes himself gleamed with entirely too much satisfaction, like a devil who had forgotten to flee the first light of day.
Watson could gaze upon that face for hours and never tire of it. But, aware of others seated on the deck, he soon looked down. Holmes's hands were fine and long, battered with nicks and small scars, the accumulation of a career spent in being curious. His nails were neatly trimmed, Watson having attended to them, and the veins on the backs of his hands stood out in relief, like little encased runnels. Watson permitted himself the luxury of tracing these with his mind, feeling their curved surfaces within himself as he did so.
"And what of Harry 'Bunny' Manders? Have you any sense of where he went after his release from Wormwood Scrubs?"
"It came with the eight o'clock post, sir." She presented a parcel wrapped in brown paper and tied with string, addressed to Mister Sherlock Holmes.
The rain pattered harder against the windows, and the flames of the hearth spit and flared. Watson watched, drawn as if by an invisible filament of his own, to where Holmes tied the first violin string and turned the peg to tighten it.
"Hmm. Go on."
He was nonplussed. "I'm by no means an expert in the matter. I don't believe there is one definitive cure, but several treatments that one should employ. Fresh air is important. Gentle exercise. Having an agreeable mental occupation." His voice ran like a straight line through the queer conversation.
"You were too eager for the evidence to fall into certain patterns rather than considering it dispassionately, and letting the facts guide you."
"Well, let's see. My mother was a great believer in putting up food for the winter. She would send Harry and me and our cousins out to pick berries when we stayed with our grandmother in Scotland in the summer. Gooseberries, rowanberries, blackberries. All kinds. Coming back on the train, we were always positively loaded down with jars of the stuff. But it was heaven to break into one for supper on a cold winter's night."
"Shall I play for you now?"
"Was I?"
"Debauched characters? What do you mean?"
Watson took another bite from a leg of duck. "Did you never plunder the larder as a child? With your brother? And steal back up to your room with the food?"
"But there was something more that you can't quite identify."
"Dr Watson." Ah, Ronnie St Martin. "I ... I didn't know if I should find you here this late in the afternoon. Forgive me ..." Voice slurred from an (entire?) afternoon spent drinking at his club. "I ... I thought I might stop by. It's about Mr Thompson ..."
"Of course I shall. Why ever not?"
The afternoon, which had offered such delicious prospects only a few minutes before, had somehow turned cold and irritable. Well, everyone had their secrets, Holmes supposed.
"Why what ever do you mean?"
"Of course not," Watson answered automatically.
"I shall have to speak with Lestrade about Hopkins' methods tonight. Very shabby of him to not allow the other men–" Suddenly he veered, "She's right, you know." Holmes studies the nails of his hands with acute concentration. "It was difficult. More than difficult–" he conceded. "That time, waiting. Not knowing what your response would be–."
The string and paper fell away to reveal a biscuit box with the words "Huntley & Palmers" printed on it.
"Would Mr St Martin have been likely to conspire with a party here in England to do away with Mr Thompson while he himself was out of the country?"
Watson had given him a hard look then rolled over to face the wall, his coverlet pulled up to his chin.
"We've gone over every one of our procedures, interviewed all of our men, and can't find any loophole through which John St Martin might have escaped. The Commissioner is meeting with the Foreign Office about it later today, since we have reason to suspect that he may have fled abroad. Rest assured we shall find him," Lestrade said glumly, without much hope that this valiant assertion would in fact manifest as fact.
"Obviously the work of an amateur." Holmes glanced at Watson, who was engrossed in reading a letter which he appeared to have found in one of the chests. Holmes glimpsed several heavy volumes (probably medical texts), a metal vessel of some kind, and one or two rolled canvases nestled among the packing materials.
Watson laughed at this. "Is that how you speak to all your doctors?"
How very quiet it was, though. The silence positively reverberated through the house. Holmes did leave a gaping space behind him. Far below, he could hear Mrs Hudson's and Lucy's voices in conversation.
"Yes, I included the Sullivans in my monograph on tobacco ash, but have never smoked one before."
Watson found his slippers, stepping into them. In these past months, he had lost all self-consciousness before the faded portraits of criminals that wavered in and out of the shadows on the walls. He opened the wardrobe, and turned to Holmes with raised eyebrows. Holmes nodded and Watson plucked out the crimson dressing gown, mischief creasing the corners of his eyes.
"Come, Mrs Thompson. You must have known that he was unable to visit with her that day. Was it a custom of hers to spend time with you at your country home?"
"You tell me, Mr Holmes. You're the expert, aren't you?" Holmes found that smile infuriating.
By some shift of the light, he saw Holmes's profile reflected in the window, almost superimposed on the merry scene within. He was staring at Watson with an expression of regret, mixed with something Watson had never seen in his face before. In anyone else he would have called it yearning, but this was Sherlock Holmes. He had the impression that Holmes had stolen the moment while Watson's attention was fixed within to observe him closely. Of course the dusk was probably playing tricks on his eyes. But an unexpected sadness welled up within him.
"Ah, how lovely, Dr Watson! Ever the gentleman, you are. Now, if you won't be needing anything else, I'll be retiring for the evening. Mr Holmes, I'll just ask Lucy to attend to the fire in your chamber. A terrible chill has set in, hasn't it? Dr Watson, will you be wanting one as well? A fire, I mean. No? Well, then I'll leave you here to your tea. You'll have to raid the larder yourselves if you should want anything else. Don't leave it in complete disarray!" And with that their landlady departed down the stairs.
"And has it been worth your while?"
Watson waited, but nothing more was forthcoming. "Ah. I see. Of course. Well, let's head back to Baker Street. I want to get this coat off before it begins to stink any more of the gutter."
"Are you going to get up to close the window or will I need to?" Watson asked, his face buried in his pillow.
But Holmes wisely acceded to his companion's demand and rose to secure the window. When he returned, Watson opened the coverlet to let him in and Holmes spent some moments battling the sheets on his side of the bed until they were adjusted to his satisfaction.
Holmes threw him a glance, but completed his ministrations on the rest of Watson's face.
A bang and a skid and thud. The cane thrown across the room, landing at the foot of Watson's wardrobe. Ah. Holmes rose from his armchair and walked to the worktable, where he set to brewing one of the makeshift teas he resorted to when Mrs Hudson couldn't be disturbed. He discovered a plate of biscuits under a scattering of papers and carried it into the sitting room, where he placed it on the desk before fetching his latest scrapbook. He was compiling it for an inconsequential case, one he had investigated on his own immediately following the Hope affair. There had been a deranged man, a failed novelist in Shoreditch, piling up corpses in the kitchen and manuscripts in the broom cupboard. He wasn't sure why he had only told Watson about it after the fact. It had seemed simpler to pursue it alone.
Now he had only two syllables left to describe Holmes's gift and the second had to rhyme with
"Mrs Watson, then?" Holmes whispered.
"The large one?!" Watson threw back his head in laughter, his Adam's apple stretching. "But of course you would notice it!" For some reason Holmes could not understand, he felt a corresponding delight bubble up within him. He looked in wonder at the man before him. At his throat with its remembered scent, dark and musky, and the arc of it. There were no more words. Only this moment. Plates and utensils plunging, peeled eggs tumbling, Holmes leaned in to kiss that beautiful line.
"'Oh, well, that's all right. We all have our good days and our less good ones.'
"Where are you going?" Holmes asked.
"The murder occurred, the facts presented themselves, I reviewed them, and the solution became clear as a result. My receiving credit or not for the case had not one whit of bearing on the outcome."
"At first, it was small objects from the shops. Once a hat. I remember how I hastened home that afternoon, terrified lest anyone should see the shape of it beneath my coat. He laughed and asked why it had taken me so long to return with the prize."
"Nothing. Nothing at all. What do you say to a journey to Poole tomorrow?"
John St Martin turned to Watson. "And who have you brought with you, Mr Holmes?"
Hmm. For now, he would move ahead so as not to lose the tricky mood of the thing.
"Well, the coalman finally made his delivery. Mrs Hudson's giving him a great talking-to downstairs! It should begin to warm up soon, but in the meantime I'd throw another blanket round your shoulders, if I were you."
"Well?" asked Watson, after the door downstairs had closed. "This sounds like it'll be rather good fun."
"Oh, Trevor? Of course I've met him. I know him rather well, in fact. But I was taken up on this journey with some troubles on my properties and didn't have time for social calls."
"Thank you, Inspector," Watson added. "I hope to see you again soon."
Watson peered again into the shop. The evening had descended several registers towards dusk, and the inside glowed warm and inviting. There were hardly any people on the street now, and the evening grew close around him and Holmes, who stood at his side, fidgeting with his gloves.
"As who hasn't? The papers have written of little else except the Jubilee," Holmes replied.
Watson was sheepish. "Yes. These are just my initial jottings. Would you help me to think them through?"
The young woman looked between the two of them, assessing. "I won't harm you, you know."
"Fascinating," said Watson. "A bit like a story, then."
"I don't like to put on disguises," Holmes said, as if someone who was arguing a point. "I need to do it. There's a difference."
"Hmm. What's that?" The columns of smoke spiraled upwards in a quite extraordinary way, curling and intertwining in a fanciful helix.
"At least Ronnie St Martin was absolved of the crime of killing Maxwell Thompson," Watson observed. "But some part of him must live in fear of his father's return. What's to become of him and his sister?"
"Oh, it's nothing but rubbish, all of it. Why would I want these dusty things sitting about? I've a mind to have them taken away this very evening." With that, Watson stalked, if a convalescent man with a leg injury could be said to stalk, out of the room, down the stairs, and into Baker Street, grasping his cane as he went.
"Won't you sit down?"
"Why your objection, Holmes?" Watson asked. "You don't have the prospect of any other cases on the horizon. And I'll help cover for you with the man. I am a fellow Scot, after all."
Miss St Martin sat down, apparently without having heard Watson's words. Holmes only then noticed the vestiges of a scrape on one cheek, healing now. "What do you believe is the best cure for melancholy?" she asked Watson earnestly.
Ah. Yes. Yes, of course.
Watson began to read from his notes, peering down, as he went, to decipher a word in his doctor's hand or to compulsively revise a sentence. Holmes offered commentary and corrected a fact here or there, and how he came from finding the very idea of a study of his investigative methods to be anathema, to encouraging some unexpected observation or felicitous phrase of Watson's, he could not say.
Holmes placed his other hand against Watson's hair to steady him. Watson closed his eyes.
Watson paused. Private friends.
"Because I don't play rugby any longer. And the days are long past when I could eat whatever I liked!"
John St Martin looked up in mock surprise. "Have I visitors?" Ronnie ducked his head and introduced the men, discreetly retrieving the signed papers from his father's desk.
"I'm tracing the routes that the bees will have taken to the hawthorn grove at home this evening."
They were walking up Great Portland Street, the evening setting in. The sky had begun to clear after several days of rain, leaving puddles filled with the pink light of early spring. It was the hour when shops were beginning to close and passers-by were making their way home.
"Look at you, in your state of abandon. Do I need to make you presentable for polite society?" he said, throwing the clothing in a pile on the ground next to them and carelessly beginning to put himself to rights. He sat down on his heels before Watson. "Hmm," he clucked. "This shirt is all askew. We shall have to remedy that."
Well, Holmes would survive without him. Watson was secretly glad of the respite, knowing that his friend would be gone for only a day, two at most. And Holmes had assured him he would send word of any unforeseen developments.
No one was given to extravagant eating in Baker Street, and indeed its inhabitants asked for nothing more than simple, stalwart British food. But it transpired that Mrs Hudson, despite her grumbling, had prepared them a splended veal and ham pie. There was a roast duck, too, covered with a tea towel, and another dish of cold new potatoes, flecks of parsley clinging to their shapes. And boiled eggs, enough to keep Holmes and Watson fed the entire weekend. Someone had even left them a lemon pudding, a particular favourite of Watson's.
, his sugred Sonnets among his private friends, &c."
Watson paused. Mycroft Holmes putting in an appearance at Baker Street? Something extraordinary must have occurred. They heard the front door open, Mycroft's voice in the hall, Mrs Hudson's in response. Holmes turned from the window, his expression perfectly bland, as his brother entered the sitting room.
"Did you? Why don't you eat it now?"
Watson observed that profile–of the same grey as the stones and air of Venice at this hour. Holmes had fallen dreadfully ill. No one, not even he, had recognised the severity of his friend's exhaustion until it was completely upon him. Watson had blamed himself with great bitterness for the unforgivable oversight. It had deteriorated so quickly, from the usual malaise that Holmes manifested after a case to an entirely frightening and depleted state.
"I suppose. If you insist."
“He had to work to keep both hands from trembling as I applied the sutures, and it occurred to me that he might be recovering from a bout of drinking. ‘Dr Watson, you fought in Afghanistan.'
"The daughter of the business partner, St Martin. And St Martin himself. What do you know of them?"
Holmes paced the room, his hands clasped together under his nose. Watson set to loosening his necktie.
Holmes was seeking his way through his thoughts.
"You haven't guessed? Why, my father, of course," St Martin replied with eyes that were clear now.
"Well? Have I made myself clear enough?"
MacKenzie relented in his stubbornness when he replied to Watson. The Doctor had taken the preemptive measure of inviting MacKenzie to his club a few days before, where they had sampled its extensive selection of whiskies and finally emerged down its steps arm in arm,  singing "Loch Lomond" together. "He even invited me to a Burns Supper at his home next year, Holmes." "Very noble of you, Watson. I thank you for your sacrifice," Holmes had said, with irony in his voice but admiration in his eyes.
Holmes brushed aside such a minor consideration. Why wasn't Watson paying proper attention? He had asked for a case, and now here was a splendid one being served up to them.
"I'm not sure it's the same."
"Your necktie," Holmes pronounced and he glanced up at Watson as he pulled the tie through the channel of his collar. Watson cleared his throat, but did not remove his gaze from his friend's face.
"I'm told that the only person staying with you besides the servants was in fact Mr St Martin's daughter."
Ronnie St Martin hurried down a hall that overlooked the orderly green expanse of Gainsborough Gardens. Tall, slight, he seemed like a person who was permanently askew despite his best efforts to impose order. He was rattling on to Watson about something to do with the weather.
"Yes...yes." Holmes's voice was filled with a golden dazedness.
He drew a fresh sheet of paper and chose his oldest pen. A sonnet then. He had heard it likened to a little box, the sonnet. With its strict form that the poet sought to transcend. It suited Holmes, he thought. It's what he did, after all, in solving his cases–worked within the rigid structure of the facts to arrive at the truth that surpassed them.
"What?" He opened those dark blue eyes of his.
"Yes?"
"Congratulations?"
"Ah! Well. Yes, I suppose that would be one way of doing it. Raffles and that Manders fellow are very clever, there's no denying it. They do fancy themselves a high-wire act, always three steps ahead of the police. But I tell you, there will come the day when I shall personally ensure that they're put away for life. None of this commuted sentence business."
Watson puffed on a cigar. "No need to worry, Mrs Hudson, I assure you," he offered, since Holmes sat in a brown study. "We spent most of the evening filing the necessary papers at Scotland Yard. Although: How did you know that we were at the docks?"
"The Royal Gold Cup is a rather striking object," Watson pointed out. "You're saying that no one noticed either of the two men, one of whom would have had to carry it under his arm? After all, it wasn't wintertime, with visitors walking around in overcoats."
"She co-opted my Irregulars for information long ago, didn't you know that, Watson?" Holmes interposed.
“He agreed and I was soon out of the house, and glad of it, too. A storm was coming on, the trees were thrashing about, and I walked down the hill towards the high street, never wanting to look back.”
"Was he not able to talk with her? I thought he had."
They lay in silence for a good while.
," Holmes intoned, closing his eyes for greater effect as he pronounced the words. He opened them to see Watson regarding him with a wary expression. "No, no," Holmes laughed. "Did you think I was referring to you? I meant my own wretched self, of course. Didn't you know that? Here. I shall I show you what I'm working on. I don't think you've seen one of these yet."
"You'll probably think it foolish. But I was rather hoping to lay out the case of Jefferson Hope just as you're doing with your scrapbook there, although with words rather than clippings. As a story, if you will."
. Hmm. By Sir Philip Sidney: "My true-love hath my heart, and I have his, By just exchange one to the other given, I hold his dear and mine he cannot miss, There never was a better bargain driven." Well. He'd got the better bargain by far: he had offered up a beaten frame and a worn-out mind and in exchange had received an entire world alive and bubbling with humanity (for better and worse), with Holmes standing at its centre.
The afternoon had turned lazy at some point, and they had indulged in kisses that became increasingly languorous. Holmes had initiated them and Watson tried to make sense of this change. Holmes had been a willing enough participant in their new arrangement, which had begun during last November's abbreviated days and lengthening nights. But until now, he had deferred to Watson in all things amatory. What was he witnessing here?
"Hats," Holmes pronounced.
Miss St Martin picked up a kind of straw circlet that sat on the side table next to her. She began to finger its adornments, which were woven in the shapes of small acorns and leaves. "I threw myself from a second-storey window. I've returned home now."
"Mr Holmes," St Martin cocked his head. "Are you trying to cast doubt on my whereabouts at the time of Mr Thompson's death? Ronnie, after we've finished here, will you show the detective the letters I sent Mr Thompson during this last journey of mine?"
Holmes gave Watson a quizzical smile. It was perhaps his fellow-lodger's most winning quality—his self-deprecation without a trace of false modesty.
"The devil–! I just had this cleaned and at no small expense, either. Cab drivers–the most oblivious race in all the British Isles!"
Watson seemed to travel as far away as Ronnie St Martin had done the day he had confessed to the killing of Maxwell Thompson. He began to speak in a halting manner. "There was a volunteer at the hospital in Peshawar. Mrs Ellison was her name. Her husband was the commanding officer of the cantonment. She would sit with me for hours, reading to me or knitting while I did nothing but lie there, recovering from the enteric fever. At last I began to talk to her and— She listened to me," Watson said. "One day I told her my tale of the Battle of Maiwand and everything that happened there. I couldn't bear to relate the full story to her face, so I wrote the rest of it out in a letter. She returned it to me when it came time for me to leave for England. She said it more properly belonged to me. I found that very letter in one of the trunks that arrived the morning that Lestrade brought us the Thompson case. It gave me a shock to come across it again like that. You don't know, Holmes. How flawed I was as a soldier and a doctor."
"Who do you think killed Maxwell Thompson, then?"
"But how could a person disappear like that? Please explain it to me, Lestrade, for I have the greatest difficulty in understanding!" Holmes whirled about, turning on the Inspector, his dressing gown flaring around him.
"You do what?"
"What do you have to say? It's all right, you know, whatever it is."
"You never reviewed your accounting books?"
"You're right! I do notice a thing or two, and I've learned to do so from the very best. Good God, man, I've observed you more closely than ever you did a trail of clues! I know who you really are."
"If you'll just answer the question, madam," Holmes insisted.
"But Thompson—he let himself get caught up with some rather debauched characters. You wouldn't have believed it, to look at him."
"I can do it by touch. Have done for years. Haven't you noticed?"
"Thank you," Holmes said, absorbed in opening the package.
Holmes cocked his head, eying Watson. "Share memories of the homeland with him while I whisk myself away to pursue a promising clue? Wax nostalgic about 'Ye banks and braes o' bonnie Doon'? Fight the Rebellion of '45 over again?" Holmes looked back and forth between his brother and his friend, measuring them. "Well. I'm powerless when the two of you join in league with each other. I suppose I'll accept the case for now."
"But her persisted in his theme, set on clearing his sister's name. 'My sister is well-meaning, but she often gets carried away by her own fancies. She's been that way ever since she was a child,' he told me, eager for me to believe him.
"Can't a person enjoy a shave every now and then without having to take himself all the way to the barber's?" Watson asked with injured innocence.
"Very good. And thank you for your sensible approach to the matter, Dr Watson." Mycroft Holmes appeared finished with the conversation, as if he were ready to retreat back into his tortoise shell now that his objective had been achieved. "I shall ask Inspector MacKenzie to pay you a call, then. He will exercise all due discretion himself, as Scotland Yard are most anxious to be seen as solving the case without external assistance. As his Her Majesty." And with that, the elder Mr Holmes departed, bidding good-day to the occupants of Baker Street.
"Hmm? No, I can't say that I have." He had approached his chair and was about to sit down, when he turned suddenly to face Watson. "My congratulations," he said.
The line of his colleague's shoulders in his mackintosh against the grey sky. He was beginning to fill out his garments and he no longer carried his cane. As if following the arc of Holmes's thoughts, Watson turned to him. Yes, with the Hope case and now this one, the doctor was doing more than merely tagging along. He would never be Holmes's equal, certainly, but Holmes had to admit that Watson noticed things that exceeded his own powers of observation.
The sky huddled close over the horizon, heavy with more rain. All was grey, above and below. The biting cold of winter muffled the sound of the sound of the surf where Holmes stood. He settled his cap lower on his head.
Sherlock Holmes stood at his worktable, arranging beakers and flasks. Watson sat in his armchair reading before the fire.
With reluctance Holmes speared a potato with his fork and took a small bite of it. For Watson's sake.
"A kitchen knife that was encountered partially buried in the sand. It seems that it was tossed into the sea and later washed onto the shore."
"Sherlock. I propose a plan. Let's get up and have our breakfast, a thorough one with all the Sunday papers. I'll even see if I can cajole Mrs Hudson in to making us deviled kidneys. And afterwards we'll sit together on the settee–with the fire blazing before us. My concession to you," he joked. "I shall read you the clues from the latest puzzles that Dudeney sent over the other day. And you will most certainly take great delight in my feeble attempts to parse even the easiest ones. Come on. I've no desire to spend the whole morning in here."
"Victor Trevor. A classmate of mine at university. Have you never met him? He left for the region shortly after taking his degree at Oxford several years ago. I would have thought the tea planters of the Terai would be a close-knit family."
Holmes noted the calm umber tones of his colleague's voice.
"Well, come on."
One day towards the beginning of their visit, after Comandante Ballarin had paid them a call to express his most profound respects and offer any service that the city could extend, Holmes had stepped quietly onto the balcony of their rooms, as if shedding one of his dressing gowns. When Watson came outside a short while later to see if he wanted a glass of water, he found Holmes lying on a chaise, eyes closed, his face turned up towards the beaten gold of the sun.
After the Inspector left, Holmes crossed the room to where Watson sat on the sofa amid his newfound belongings. "Quite a haul you acquired out East," he said, wondering what had become of the letter. "Where do you intend to put everything?" But Watson looked up with what could almost be described as a tormented expression, more diminished than Holmes had seen him since the first days of their acquaintance.
"Oh, Watson," Holmes laughed with a derisive tone.
"No, come here," and Watson hauled him up beside him. They were close now and more than a little odorous, breathing into each other, Watson grazing Holmes with his moustache, trying to make him look up so that he could catch what was in his eyes. They murmured to one another, barely making sense, exchanging half-formed sounds of comfort.
But even if he could make the words do his bidding and express all that lay in his heart, would he want to? Were there some things too private to be recorded, even in the most veiled terms? He didn't think this was an evasion because of the particular nature of their relationship or because Holmes might mock his efforts. No, perhaps some experiences were too fugitive to pin down into such confining things as sentences and paragraphs. The scenes he had recalled this afternoon, as the day drifted into evening, would certainly never be committed to paper. Only he and Holmes would know of them. There was more than a little satisfaction in the idea.
Watson absorbed these words without comment.
"I should have already learned that there's no use in arguing a point with you when your mind's made up."
"You'll promise not to think it ridiculous—" He removed a sheaf of papers.
Holmes held utterly still. His hand was extended like a cardinal's accepting his vassalage. Moving as if in a dream, Watson unfastened the cuff of Holmes's shirt, tossing it aside, then drove the purple dressing gown and shirt sleeves upwards. He sighed at the pale expanse of forearm before him, the blue veins tangled there, the untouched flesh. Then he saw the bruise-coloured landscape lying further above.
"I'm not sure to what you're referring, old man."
"The way the thing wasn't bolted down, it's no surprise that the thieves managed to bolt with it," Watson chuckled. "And you do have to admit that it's rather humorous. Stealing a priceless object from the British Museum. Then sending it to the Queen wrapped in a Huntley and Palmers biscuit tin, of all things." He looked up to find two sets of grey eyes directed at him–one pair stern, the other admonishing–then gave an awkward cough and fell silent.
"The Terai is a remote region, Mr Holmes. And letters and telegrams arrive inconsistently, if at all."
"Emmeline!" A man, almost certainly Miss St Martin's brother by the looks of him, stood at the door. How long had he been there? "Mr Holmes. I'm Ronnie St Martin."
"How would you describe your relationship with Maxwell Thompson?"
"He had a summer home in the area. The local authorities say that Thompson and his wife liked to get away from the noise of London even after the season was over."
"You can't tell me you don’t know what’s been going on," John said and went back to reading.
"I believe you, but you told him a lie. I wonder, why aren't you in rehab or some kind of program - just out of curiosity?"
He pedaled hard to get to Sherlock's. They had been planning this for ages, and he was excited. It took just over 15 minutes -- Sherlock's family lived further out, in a big house that still impressed John. He skid to a stop and dropped his bike in the grass, hurrying up the steps to ring the bell.
“Good,” Sherlock said. He leaned forward a little as he looked closely into John’s eyes. Then he raised his glass to tap John’s. “Good,” he repeated.
“Morning, or afternoon, whatever it is,” Sherlock called. He put his cigarette out and closed the window. “I did not sleep well last night,” he admitted as he moved over to his chair. “I feel like I have no energy whatsoever.”
"You don't like boring," John smiled.
"What do you mean?"
"Yes fine, it's a deal," he said. "I'll start thinking. But you can't complain about the ideas. Or be rude about it!"
John smiled as he listened. He really had no idea what Sherlock was talking about, but he enjoyed how thrilled Sherlock got.
"Okay," he said. He stood and stretched, following Sherlock out into the little yard. There was a lot of wood.
“I don’t know what I think is relaxing,” Sherlock said. “I’m not sure I’ve ever been relaxed.”
“I can help you, free of charge,” Sherlock said loudly. “Your wife is planning to leave you, you’re right. Not because of an affair but because you’re an idiot. Now get away from here, go home and self isolate for the rest of your life.”
"Not ones about myself, as evidenced by this very conversation," Sherlock said cheekily.
“John,” Sherlock called as his hips slammed against John once more and he came, his eyes squeezing shut and his heart stopping for a moment. John stroked faster and came between them, clutching Sherlock's shoulder hard as he moaned.
This was pointless and Sherlock knew it. He crushed the cigarette out and slammed his body against the bed. He hated his brother and Moriarty. They had caused all this. They had caused him to lie to John. But John didn’t know that. John thought he was dead.
Sherlock looked puzzled, but did what John said. “What are we going to try?” he asked, his voice soft.
“I see,” Sherlock said again. He wore a sly smile. “And where would you like to be not tired tonight? In the bedroom perhaps or right here at the sink?”
Sherlock took a deep breath and held himself with one hand and rested the other on John's thigh as he lowered himself down onto him. The feeling was incredible. He looked up at John's face and said, "You okay?"
Instead of getting tea, Sherlock picked up his bag and headed outside for another cigarette. He still wasn't sure what was happening. John's voice sounded different to him, even though his words didn't seem worrying.
“I was,” Sherlock said, reaching for the lube. “That okay?”
“Of course,” Mycroft said. “Though I’m available to offer a second opinion.” He looked around. “Well, you have everything you need here -- .” He moved to the door. “About John Watson -- he is a reminder of work so I think a break from him will also be beneficial.”
“Finding his people,” Sherlock said, keeping his back to John.
In the morning John was down in the kitchen early, having a small breakfast and watching his phone. He didn't know what time Sherlock would be coming over. All of his things were piled by the door.
"Of course not," John said.
Harry had gone upstairs to get her coat. "Can you tell Angelo ahead of time not to bring wine to the table?" John asked Sherlock quietly. "Since you two talk."
"Neither," John laughed. "I simply listen."
John smiled wider. "I thought it would be good, too. You didn't disappoint."
"All right then," Sherlock said. "Go get some cards and I'll top up our wine." He moved into the kitchen and grabbed the bottle.
John smiled and held Sherlock's hand in front of his stomach. "I'd like you to be," he said. He was quiet for a minute. "But I still have to leave. Sherlock . . . we can't go without talking again. You can’t go silent again. Will you at least write to me?"
Sherlock got up and moved over to the fridge, opening it for no reason whatsoever. “You couldn’t even stay away from her for one day . . .” he mumbled under his breath.
John smiled softly. "Well, you're still the best person I know so . . ." he trailed off and sipped his tea for something to do.
John held his gaze for a long time without answering. Finally he said, "I guess I lose, then."
"For John's sister," Sherlock clarified. "It's urgent."
“I’m not listening,” Sherlock said as he returned with his tea.
Sherlock was confused by the interaction, but maybe being here was useful -- perhaps his knowing what she was doing would help ensure she treated John well and, more importantly, ensure she'd leave sooner.
"You too," John said.
“Did you get in trouble for going out last night?” Sherlock asked once she was out of earshot.
John laughed. "Thanks, I suppose," he said.
"Oh," John breathed, wrapping his fingers around Sherlock's cock. He stroked slowly, tipping his head a bit to look down at it.
“We will,” Sherlock said, setting his stuff down on a chair. “What do you think?” he asked John.
“Put on your father’s coat,” Mrs Holmes said. “It’s cold out.”
"I'll check my email while we wait," Sherlock said, getting up to move to his desk. He answered a few queries, but nothing looked too promising. Eventually, he closed his computer and said, "Let's lie down.'
John came in with Thai, looking around the flat. "Sherlock?"
Sherlock turned as well. Molly did look quite lovely, and he really did hope that this marriage would make her happy. Everyone began clapping -- when he saw Mrs Hudson clapping as well, he joined in. Once things went back to normal, he turned to John and said, “What happens next?”
“Well, I wanted to be sure,” Sherlock said. “As I said, it hasn’t seemed right. I’m very particular about . . . water.” That wasn’t quite what he’d intended to say, but it’s what came out. “I suppose you are as well.”
“Perhaps you should see the bedroom,” Sherlock said. “Of course this is all hypothetical, but it is right there, seems silly not to go look at it.” He motioned to the stairs.
Sherlock stared at his phone for a few minutes. He’d enjoyed the conversation which meant he’d been right to start this little adventure. He wondered what Mrs Hudson would think. That made him smile.
"Mm, no. This isn't a drinking game, remember?"
“Tea’s there if you want it,” Sherlock said, nodding at his cup.
Sherlock thought for a moment. He hadn’t really felt much about it at the time. It’s not like he’d hated it, but it definitely wasn’t very sexy or anything, because there was also something about it that felt like a trick. He thought about seeing Ellen with Jim at the end of term. “It was the person,” he said. “I didn’t like her.”
The way she said it made John wonder if this was court-ordered but he didn't press her--not in front of Sherlock. He knew how bad it could have been; Sherlock did not need to know that. "Well, it's good that you're doing this and getting better."
Sherlock glanced at John who was turned, washing up the dishes. He handed Harry his card. "You can call me," he said. "If you think you want to leave, call me first." He turned quickly and called to John, "I said I'd clean up while you were away."
Mrs Hudson rolled her eyes. "I have a feeling I've been a victim of something here, but I don't know what and quite frankly I'd rather not know," she said as she moved to the door. "However, I do feel compelled to ask one thing -- why haven't you idiots built a fire? It's the coldest day we've had in years and obviously you're both gone stupid because of it. Make a fire and warm yourselves up." She opened the door. "And stop bothering me," she added then left.
“I did,” Sherlock said, taking a sip of tea. “It’s bright out -- what do you want to do today?”
“Shut up,” John said with a laugh. “Let’s eat.”
“You know I know it, don’t you?” Sherlock said. “You know how I feel . . .”
While John was gone, Sherlock changed into his pajamas and then pulled the cover off his bed. He threw a pillow down to the bottom and moved there, against the wall.
Sherlock spent most of the night silent and still, listening. A few times he thought about getting up to read, but realised, although he was still awake, he felt all right. Eventually he found his eyes were closed and when he opened them again, it was bright in the room. He turned his head and looked at John, who was still sleeping. It was still his best friend, John Watson -- the face was a bit older, but now Sherlock knew for sure that regardless of what had happened in their lives apart, their friendship was still strong.
“When we were kids maybe . . .”
“I’m Sherlock Holmes,” Sherlock said. He held out his hand for John to shake. “Well, we’ve met now so I suppose I’ll get going.”
John nodded, starting to flip through the numbers. "Our birthdays," he said, glancing at Sherlock. Did he remember? John couldn't read his face. When the lock came off, he passed it back to Sherlock again.
Sherlock hung up the phone. He looked around his room. He was ready to leave. He was ready for this whole experience to end. He grabbed a box and started packing up his books.
“Don’t look at me, look at the telly,” Sherlock said and put the remote in John’s hand. He picked up his mug for another drink.
John nodded. "I know, but don't worry about that. We should focus on the case. What did you learn from the bodies?"
Sherlock could see that this was not the time to have this conversation. "Perhaps it's best to deal with your sister before we continue this conversation," Sherlock said.
Mrs Hudson rolled her eyes but gave him a smile. They watched Molly and her new husband move around talking to people at tables and then eventually the two were directed to the food. Sherlock seemed eager to get up, but Mrs Hudson pointed out he had to wait as things seemed quite organised and tables were being asked to go up in a certain order.
"Of course," John said. "Just call if you need anything else . . .thanks for the tea." He left and began to hurry as he hit the stairs.
"It took you finally touching me," John smiled.
Sherlock dropped onto John, still panting, before sliding to the side and getting rid of the condom. “That was good,” he said looking over.
“Move closer,” Sherlock said, pushing back against John’s body.
“Don’t gloat. He’s in custody. Thanks for your work, you two,” Lestrade added before ringing off.
Sherlock wasn’t sure he wanted to answer that question, so he decided to dodge it.
“Well, I hope you find them,” Sherlock said, lifting his glass and giving him a wink.
"We will not. Let's play a game," John said. "How about Never Have I Ever?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but said, “All right. Do you want some breakfast first?”
“I’m not worried -- you’re the only one who cares,” Sherlock said. He tidied up the experiment, putting the beakers into a bucket to take inside to wash. He sat down on a stool next to John. “I bet you’ll be glad when you don’t have to watch me anymore. You can just do sports stuff with your new friends.”
Sherlock stepped into the room. "I thought maybe I could come in here to sleep," he said softly. "With you."
“Feels good, but . . . will you touch me?” Sherlock mumbled.
“Because you wanted something to work on,” Mycroft said. “And I wanted to see how well you worked. Since you’ve gained your new ‘partner’ I’ve been worried you’d be distracted. Yes, I know you’ve done a few private clients, but I’ve yet to see anything . . . serious, shall we say? Exposing adulterers may be useful to the public, but if you’re going to be useful to me, I need to know your intentions as well as your skills.”
Sherlock had drifted back to sleep when he hear his phone vibrate. He smiled at John’s message and sent back the same before dragging himself from the bed and going into the bathroom. He decided to shower and get dressed before going downstairs. When he went into his kitchen, his mother was sitting at the table with a pot of tea.
“That’s the point,” Mycroft interrupted. “You need to be away from all . . . this,” he added, glancing at John.
"I don't want the date to be over either," John said. "Want to come back to mine?"
But there was no reply.
"Right, I forgot you had been to the Arctic," John said sarcastically. "Was it nice?"
“But I had a real problem,” she pointed out. “This is different.”
“Flatmate,” John said without giving himself a chance to really thinking about the question.
"Not before I get you in my mouth," John said, making his way lower. He kissed his way down, enjoying Sherlock's body in a way he never thought he would. When he reached Sherlock's cock, he licked a long stripe along the shaft and took him into his mouth.
"It looks okay. Did you come here a lot?" he asked.
Sherlock was still awake, listening to John in the kitchen. He wasn’t sure if he should get up or not. When he heard the kettle boil, he rolled out of bed and stopped into the bathroom, splashing some cold water on his face.
"What's wrong? Did you have an argument?"
“What are you doing at Christmas?” she asked.
"Do you want it to be part of us?" John asked breathlessly, glancing down again. "I do," he admitted quickly.
Sherlock shifted them and got rid of the condom. He snuggled against him, resting his hand on John's chest. "Was that good? Should that be part of who we are now?" he asked.
"Why didn't you tell me?" John asked.
Sherlock reached around John and took over for him, stroking his cock firm and steady before picking up speed. His hips followed and began to move a bit faster, pushing deeper. “God,” he said in a deep, low moan. “You’re so good . . . it’s so good,” he mumbled.
“Tell me what I did next,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock shook his head a little. “I’m tired, I think,” he mumbled.
“No,” Sherlock said, pulling John close to him. “We’re going to dance.” He slid one arm behind John’s back. He started to move, swaying their bodies.
"What do you think about when you're masturbating all the time?"
Sherlock fell asleep and when he opened his eyes, he panicked for a moment, feeling anxious that he was late, before he remembered he had nowhere to go. He was glad he woke up, though, because he felt sure John would be back soon.
"You've been excellent," Sherlock said. "That's all."
“I’m a consulting detective,” Sherlock said. “I solve puzzles. Have any that need solving? My rates are reasonable . . . for friends.”
“This,” Sherlock said. He watched for a few minutes. “What is it?”
“I didn’t mean--” Sherlock said, but moved to follow him.
Sherlock continued obeying Mycroft, trying his best to trust his brother. He’d made it clear to Mycroft that Baker Street was where he wanted to be, and despite his brother’s attempts, Sherlock was not going to change his mind. Eventually Mycroft seemed to accept that, but made him promise to lay low until the time was right.
John woke up the next morning and tugged the covers around him, tucking them around his shoulder. The room felt cold. Then he opened his eyes when he realised what was missing. He turned and looked at the empty side of the bed. Sherlock was gone again. John sighed and stretched before getting up. He wrapped his dressing around himself and slowly made his way downstairs.
John nodded lifting his arms to touch Sherlock. "I thought I misunderstood," John admitted.
Sherlock smiled as he rested his head down again. “I thought of you at night as well,” he admitted. “I missed seeing your face, hearing your voice.”
When their meals arrived they got quiet again, except for Harry complimenting the food. When they were finished Harry leaned back. "Are we sharing the bed like when we were kids?" she asked.
“Who? There’s no Erin here.”
John glanced up. "Sure. I'll have a drink with you."
"Of course," Sherlock said. "You sleep all right? How are you feeling?"
"I liked the games," John said, hoping to change the subject. "They were fun."
John grinned. "Oh, I am most definitely satisfied," he said. He stretched and curled around Sherlock.
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “Very good at it actually.” He moved to the fridge. “What do you want to drink?”
Sherlock turned the kettle on. “Good,” he said. “I’ve not noticed anything -- nothing like before.”
“I hadn’t expected all that, if I’m honest,” Sherlock admitted.
“Thank you very much,” Sherlock said. He looked down at the road which was empty. Then a man came into view. “Hey, there’s a guy down there,” he reported to John. “Should I ring the police?”
“In the flat, yes,” Sherlock said, reaching over and touching John’s hand.
Sherlock caught his breath and opened his eyes. He looked over at John and smiled. Then he shifted a little. “We’re a mess,” he said as he got up, moving to the kitchen. He rinsed his hand and wiped off his belly and then ran a towel under the tap for a second. He came back and tossed it to John. “The curtains are still open,” he said. “I hope no one was looking in.”
John looked up at his date. "I'm sorry. Something has come up. I have to go."
Sherlock shifted slightly before lifting his hand and slicking it with his tongue. He went back to stroking John with a firmer, faster hand. “I want to make you come,’ he said, his breath starting to change.
“I think it’d be best if you could stay,” Sherlock said. “Are you hungry? My mum’s making food.”
"It’s Christmas," Mycroft said. "Get your things."
“Did you have an argument?”
"Not really isn't very reassuring when I'm asking if you've been following me," John said.
John smiled and watched him get his book again. "What are you reading?"
"Is that what you wanted to talk about?" she asked. "A flat? I think I know of a flat share right in the perfect place."
“No, John,” Sherlock said. “I wanted you to come. I wanted you to help, but I didn’t give you the chance.” He turned his head a little to avoid meeting John’s eyes. “I’m not good at this -- at thinking of others. That’s why I stay on my own. But you’re different . . . I don’t know why but I know you are.”
"It’s leftovers. Do you want me to warm some up for you?"
"I'm fine, Sherlock. Bored, of course. But I thought you were having visitors. There was so much shouting!"
“Who is he?” Lestrade asked cautiously.
“I don’t understand,” she said. “What do you mean?”
And then.
“You pick the film tonight,” Sherlock said as he washed. “I won’t care, whatever it is.”
"It has been," Sherlock said, sitting down on the sofa where John was lying on the blankets. "But I forgive you. I tried at dinner . . . did I do all right?"
“Maybe my behaviour was just because of the injury.”
“Food taste okay?” he asked.
“I know -- I’ve been reading about them,” she said. She paused for a minute. “You didn’t want to bring John along?”
“It’s not up to me, it’s just to the DJ,” Sherlock said. He gulped the last of his drink, then reached out for John’s hand, pulling him to the dancefloor.
Sherlock closed his eyes and concentrated on the feeling of John’s lips on his. Yes, this is what he’d wanted. They’d never done it before yet it felt familiar and comforting and good. He pulled his head back and said, “I liked that. Did you?”
Now Sherlock gave her a full smile. “Thanks,” he said. “But the sooner he comes, the sooner I leave, and the sooner he leaves me alone.”
Their food came as they talked. Sherlock began to realise that this was a meal like any other; that their talk really hadn't changed much at all. Whatever they felt for each other had clearly been there all along -- it'd just taken Harry's intervention to help them see it. When they left, he felt relaxed, getting them a taxi home and smiling softly out the window.
Sherlock decided to ignore John’s little outburst. He went over to open the window and lit a cigarette. He looked down at the street. It was empty.
"I haven't changed my mind," John said. "But I do think I’ll go now.”
“Sherlock!” Mrs Holmes said, moving over and giving him a hug. “I’m so happy to have my boys here!”
“Obnoxious,” Sherlock said, splashing again as he started to move to get out. “Come on.”
"Okay. Let me just finish dinner and we’ll see how I feel."
“They needed to prove they could be responsible. For three days they cared for this rat in secret. They were planning on surprising their mum, you know, to show her they could take care of another living creature. Well, sometime during the night the rat escaped and ended up eating its way through the kitchen. Mum woke up and went berserk, everyone was screaming. The rat was set free, and we were grounded for a month. Needless to say we did not get a dog. Or any pet."
“I can solve cases, John, but I am not very skilled at reading situations like this,” Sherlock said. “It would help if you would say things directly.” He paused for a moment. “I’m not saying I am refusing to sleep in the same room, but I would prefer if we could see how we feel each night.” He glanced over. “Would that be all right?”
“I figured as much,” Jim said. “That’s why I’m going to help you.”
Mycroft moved over and sat down at the table. “Obviously,” he said. “What are your intentions?” he asked casually, as if he wasn’t actually interested.
John flushed lightly and sipped his tea. "Just a bit more time," he said.
"Fine," Sherlock said. "Strip poker?"
"I did miss you," John said. "I missed you so much." His hips bucked for more.
John woke up the next morning and looked to where Sherlock had been sitting the night before. He wasn’t sure that was all about. He stretched and got up, making his way downstairs. He wondered if Sherlock had got any sleep the night before after their talk.
“What have I done? I’ve stayed inside all day -- I’m not even lying,” Sherlock said. “You told me to stay inside while you were at work and I did, so why am I in trouble?”
“No, nothing at the moment,” Sherlock said. “I’ve been watching the newspapers, but the police claim they’re solving things on their own. Which I find hard to believe.” He closed his laptop and stood up. “I’ll be in my room. At some point I will emerge. If you go out before I do, if you could at least let me know, I would appreciate it.”
Sherlock looked over. “He was just bringing a book,” he repeated.
She glanced over. “I’m sorry -- I didn’t get your name,” she said.
“Right,” Sherlock said. He leaned forward, lifting his hand to John’s lower back. “Sorry,” he said, stepping to the side.
“You look . . . “ Sherlock started to say but then reached over and pulled John close. His hands moved up and down John’s back, feeling the muscles he always knew were there but had never touched before. John arched forward so their bodies touched as they kissed.
“Want to choose a film to watch while we eat?” Sherlock suggested.
Sherlock sighed and looked out at the woods. “You know you said you’d like to live out here? I still don’t know if I could, but if I had to, you’d have to be here,” he said.
Sherlock poured himself a cup. “Yes, you too,” he said. He took a long sip.
As the weeks passed, John settled in easily. He made it onto the rugby team and some of the boys were in most of his classes. He was well liked, popular. He wrote letters to Sherlock -- about his classes, his matches, and sometimes his friends. Sherlock’s letters were quite short, so John stopped mentioning his friends, which was harder and harder to do. Over winter break at least, they would have lots of time together, and it could be how it used to be.
“I don’t know,” Lestrade said. “But why don’t you come with us this time just in case?”
Sherlock got up and moved toward the door. "I'm glad you're back," he said. "We're doing something nice tonight, okay? Remember?"
"Everything -- except pants because I'm not wearing them," Sherlock said. He wasn't sure if John would accept the dare or not and that quite pleased him.
John flushed lightly. "It depends on the day, on the mood I'm in," he said.
Sherlock spent the rest of the afternoon sending out emails, trying to drum up some business. He refused to contact his brother, though. He was going to do this on his own. By the time it was getting dark, nothing had materialised. He got a glass of wine and opened the window to have a cigarette.
"Of course. We're just getting to know each other," she smiled.
Another difference: they hadn’t been talking about work. Had Mycroft been right? Sherlock didn’t believe his brother’s orders were really been about working -- Mycroft Holmes would never discourage work. Was this whole thing just about separating John and Sherlock?
"Okay," John said. He followed Sherlock and sat with him on the sofa. "Were there cells in this cup?" he asked.
John opened a cupboard and looked inside, then closed it and got on the floor to look under the bed. "Hmm." He got up and was about to leave the room when he noticed the door being wide open. He pulled it and grinned. "Found you!"
John hummed softly as they kissed again. He moved Sherlock's hands to the zip of his jeans while his own started unbuttoning Sherlock's shirt.
Sherlock looked at John. “You go first,” he said with a nod.
John glanced at Sherlock and cleared his throat. "Yeah, we've been chatting all night," he said.
"That sounds good. Are you hungry or anything?" he asked.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I’m well enough to recognise manipulation,” he mumbled.
"It's drugs, import or manufacture, they don’t know yet, but they're trying to get the boss. We should go over to get all the details.”
Sherlock smiled. He got the drinks, handing one water to John. They moved along the side of the room back to their table. “What’d we miss?” he asked, sitting down next to Mrs Hudson.
Sherlock unpacked his things into his old room. It seemed so big compared to his room at school, but it also seemed weird, like the room of a little boy. He remembered playing army men with John -- he could barely picture himself ‘playing’ or even being a kid. All that felt so long ago.
“Why didn’t you tell me when I contacted you before?”
John whined when Sherlock took away the vibrator. "Such a tease," he said, holding Sherlock's hips. He slid his hand back, biting his lip. "Did you get ready thinking about me?" he asked.
“I like this one,” Sherlock mumbled.
“I knew you would be,” Sherlock said with a smile. “You were way better than Thomas -- I would’ve loved to have seen his face when you were chosen. Did your team win a lot or whatever?”
"It was amazing," John said. He shifted a bit, bringing his hand up to play with Sherlock's hair.
“Um, possibly,” she said. “But you might be misremembering. It’s not a cottage, more of a cabin -- it’s quite . . . rustic, are you sure you want to stay there? Wouldn’t you rather go to a B and B or something?”
"Don't do your weird deduction thing on me, Sherlock. I didn't run away. They discharged me. I'm better," she insisted.
“No,” Sherlock said, taking a drink. “Or maybe . . . we’ll see.”
“I thought it was. What’s your favourite then?”
"I'll just have the lasagna," Harry said. John ordered his own meal and handed the menus to Angelo. There was a moment of awkward silence before Harry started talking again. "Okay, so the making amends part isn't just crashing at your place. I have to actually say some things so just . . . shut up and listen."
John's breathing hitched a bit but he didn't move, his eyes still closed. "It's true -- you're so clever."
"Okay," John nodded, letting his hands fall and watching Sherlock's instead. Then he looked up at Sherlock's focused face, studying every detail.
With graduation approaching, he was eating lunch with his friends. Everyone was talking about summer plans and trips. John wasn't going anywhere fancy. He was going to look for a job and get himself ready for training.
John nodded. Sherlock leaned down and pressed his face against John’s thighs, watching everything that was happening. His face was damp with sweat, and his own hips were rocking with John’s movement.
“It’s important to your dad,” Sherlock’s mum said.
Sherlock shook his head, and then he dialed another.
"Of course,” John said. “Give me your phone and I'll put it in."
John pulled his hand back and took a step to the side. "Thanks a lot, you really helped me out."
John tilted his head lightly and nodded. "Okay, sure," he said. He stood up and excused himself to Mrs. Hudson, walking with Sherlock to the bar.
"Let's go swimming," he said.
"Chinese," Sherlock said. "Let's have one usual thing in this flat, please."
“No,” Sherlock said defensively. “It’s fine.” He looked over at her. “Do you think it’s fine?” he asked.
Watson halted in the doorway, the candle throwing up large, warning shadows across the walls, but Holmes was determined to not acknowledge him. "May I join you?"
"Finally he declared, 'You mustn't mind what Emmeline said the other day. She's terribly upset that she blurted out such unconsidered words to you and Mr Holmes. She couldn't stop worrying about it, so I told her that I would give you her apology when next I had the chance.'
Watson had been proud of Holmes on this journey. He had let himself truly rest–to the extent that such a thing was possible for Sherlock Holmes. But yes, he had rested.
"I said, might I trouble you about a case?"
Now fortified with the pot of coffee that Mrs Hudson had brought him, Watson returned to his labours. His thoughts slipped into the rhythm of the clock pendulum that ticked back and forth in the arc of the late-morning sun.
"Please allow me to dispense with the niceties. You worked with the late Mr Thompson for many years. Can you tell me about the business you conducted together?"
Next came a surge of gratitude that the blood inside those veins–which showed blue through the skin like a darker Venetian blue–still coursed through them. And he sent up a fervent hope, coward that he was, that he would never draw breath in a world in which that pulse no longer beat.
"Well, if you must know: From what Mrs Hudson said earlier!"
"A rather dull question, to be sure. I was expecting to be queried about murder weapons and timetables and fingerprints."
After they had recovered, Watson remarked, "Well, you know, Holmes, we might as well try the cigarettes."
"The cricket player and so-called 'amateur cracksman'?" Holmes asked. "Yes, I do seem to recall his name. Although I'm not as familiar with his exploits as I might otherwise be due to the fact that they happened while I was–away."
How had that last line found its way in there? Holmes was right that the mind's brain-attic was filled with all kinds of articles jostling next to one another for space, including stray lines of Gilbert and Sullivan.
Back in Holmes's room, the plates and dishes balanced precariously on little mounds of the mattress, the blankets pushed to the edge. Watson sat tailor fashion, not bothering to cover himself with the folds of the dressing gown he had commandeered. Holmes propped himself up on an elbow. They had thrown more coal on the fire and it sputtered and snapped with a will of its own.
Ah, Sunday morning. Watson lay in his bed, nestled in the comfort of the newly laundered sheets, listening to the birdsong outside his window and the rustle of the leaves of the plane tree in the garden behind the house. The summer air entered the room, fresh and sweet. He felt an enormous contentment at being alive.
He wiped the blade between the folds of the old tea towel and carefully drew it across Watson's jaw, maintaining the sharp edge close enough so that it dragged satisfyingly across the stubble, but not quite so hard that it bit the skin. Instead Holmes found that blood had bloomed on the inside of his own mouth.
in consecutive lines. He shook his head and rang the bell to request of Mrs Hudson a pot of coffee. He took up the Palgrave's and began to leaf through it to find inspiration in his old favourites, the ones his mother used to read him. He saw her fair hair bent over the pages and his heart twisted fondly at the memory. There were all the Burns poems, but especially
A frolicking breeze moved over them.
, his
Watson drank from his cup, grimacing at the coffee gone cold. Back to work.
The last, or most, of autumn had fallen away and the trees stood in their stark outlines, the rain coating the trunks and branches black.
"My colleague Dr John Watson, recently returned from Afghanistan."
"Describe it to me then."
Holmes rested his head on Watson's torso. He was never preoccupied with the messiness afterwards. Watson could only manage to run his hand, barely, over Holmes's shoulder, taking a few mild stabs at it. More and more since Holmes's declaration in the clearing that June afternoon, touch had taken the place of words between them.
Watson lit two cigarettes, handing one to his friend, and they smoked in silence for a while in the still summer morning.
"Who is it, then?"
He smiled at Watson. No, there was no archness there. He hadn't guessed. "I'll play one of your favourites. The Gypsy Airs."
A small lantern in the corner cast its muted light against the shifting blues and greys and greens of the hour. Watson looked at their hands, together, at rest on the blanket. Their pulses, layered one atop the other, beat in rhythm to the rise and fall of the water beneath them. Their pulses beat in rhythm to the life they shared between them, sure and true.
Dammit, he had forgot during the past four years what an infernal thing it was to write poems. Why in Heaven's name did anyone bother with them in the first place?
"Your necktie," Holmes repeated.
Watson had shaken his head, but he hadn't been entirely capable of stifling a laugh.
and he had
"John, I very much appreciate your solicitude for my brain, but it's safely ensconced within my skull and needs no protection from the elements."
"As I already told you. They delivered a vicious blow to the constable, knocking him unsconscious, and made off with the cup."
He exchanged one set of letters with Trevor after his friend settled in Nepal. The morphia allowed him to envisage every tea field, every mountain peak with a rush of silly gratitude. He might write to Trevor now. To learn what he could. About this fellow, Thompson, and the other one, St Martin.
"For more than twenty years," the widow said. "The St Martins were some of the first tea planters in Nepal. My husband got his start with John St Martin's father. The elder Mr St Martin was a strict taskmaster. He had to be, in such harsh conditions. Mrs St Martin was the loveliest soul but always in poor health. John did everything for her, visiting her whenever he could at the sanatorium in Darjeeling. When the elder St Martin died, the business passed to him. He was still so young at the time. It was Max who taught him everything he knew." Mrs Thompson's face hardened. "John's mother died a few years later. He changed after that. Max and I were newly married then and beginning to raise our family and didn't have much time for him. In retrospect, perhaps he felt shut out. Through the years, I made my opinions on John St Martin clear to my husband, but he never wanted to disavow his unscrupulous partner and strike out on his own."
"Mr Holmes, how do you do?" Watson added, rising in greeting and offering his hand.
"Who?" John St Martin asked, a sharpness in his voice.
The last of the pink sky had vanished. Holmes's remark stayed with him for longer than he had anticipated. But, although he considered it from several angles, he was unable finally to make out its meaning.
Holmes's candle sputtered. He had stumbled into strange territory. "While in hospital. Yes. I mean. Well— " He furrowed his brow, fixing his eyes on the pages of the scrapbook. "This fellow stacked his cadavers very inefficiently. He would have done better to have stood them on end instead of laying them down flat, as he did. He had only a tiny kitchen in which to store them, after all."
"Well, Inspector, we shall see what can be done with the evidence we have before us. You'll wire me if anything comes to light."
"Nevertheless, I don't imagine that it will be very easy for the two of them to find their way back."
Holmes laughed to himself and rolled on to his back at Watson's side, his eyes closed, seeming to absorb the last of the delightful sensations that had passed between them.
"I beg your pardon?"
Watson saw the gleam in Holmes's eye that meant he would almost surely accept the case, even if it did come at the request of Mycroft Holmes.
"Well, yes, that's true," Mrs Hudson replied. "Who else is supposed to look after you and keep up with your whereabouts? You without kith or kin. Except for the elder Mr Holmes." But Holmes had gone back to his thoughts. Watson could tell that he was retracing their steps, assessing what they could have done differently to prevent the murder of the poor chandler's girl.
John pinched his ankle. "Stop that," he said.
Harry started up the stairs. "Whatever. You can just get back to your pretending . . ."
"Okay. You pick this time," John said.
"I've been okay, just keeping busy with school," he said. "How have you been?"
Mrs Hudson quickly secreted the cigarettes into her handbag and then turned to John. “What do you think? Shall we get a ticket as a treat?” she asked. “We can share the winnings.”
Sherlock was glad to hear John’s voice, but he didn’t feel better. “Just wrap it up quickly,” he said. “You’re needed here.”
“Molly’s husband’s not called Lance!” Mrs Hudson scolded. She got out the programme. “Oh yes, it’s Tim, he’s called Tim.”
“I’m trying to understand what killed this bird, the boy answered.
“I am the boss of you and John’s right,” his mum said.
John whined when Sherlock stopped, his cheeks flushing at the sound. He stood up and moved quickly to the kitchen, hoping Sherlock didn't hear.
"Family, friends, things like that," John said.
“No,” Sherlock said. “I want to come home . . . if you’ll let me know.”
"Please? Mrs Holmes is making my favourite and she said it's okay and it's the last weekend of summer . . ."
Sherlock leaned over as well. “Will it be dangerous as well as exciting?” he asked, holding John’s gaze.
Sherlock watched the interaction between the two men at the bar. There was something about one of them that registered -- where had he seen him before? Suddenly Sherlock realised he was being stupid. He was here to see the face of a criminal, not some random guy. As soon as he found the dealer, he could leave. There was no reason to be distracted by just because someone had a handsome face. Other people were not Sherlock’s department.
John’s mind was drifting to Sherlock again, and he wondered if he should write another letter. But the thought of not getting a reply again was too much -- he didn’t want that disappointment so he didn’t write. He stopped dating and he threw himself into his extra-curriculars, playing rugby and going to tutoring to keep his grades up. That became his main focus as he tried to overpower the other thoughts trying to crowd into his head. They didn’t matter anymore.
Harry nodded. "I'll go to rehab, a proper place, I'll try, I promise."
Sherlock sent it before he’d really thought about it. It was honest, but now he wondered if it was too strange. He knew he was behaving a bit unusually -- whether it was the result of the injury or being away from home, he wasn’t sure.
"This isn't about justice. I think half of it is staged," John said. "It's just mindless entertainment."
“Hmm. I'll write it up tomorrow. The Detective and His Blogger," John laughed. "Or something like that."
“Good,” Sherlock said. “That’s it then? Rugby sums up your entire education?”
For some reason, John shrugged. "Maybe," he said.
John laughed. "No. They were worse than I was," he said.
“Yes, well, as you know, sleeping’s never been my strong suit, but I feel like I haven’t slept properly in weeks,” Sherlock said. “It’s not that I’m lying there worrying or even thinking really, it’s . . . I don’t know . . . I just wish we could do something. It’s stupid really – I know we can’t go anywhere, but why do I feel incapable of even just doing something in my own home?”
But a few hours later he was still lying there staring up at the ceiling. Was he having issues with sleep again? He hadn’t thought he was. It hadn’t seemed as bad since John got here -- obviously with cases he was awake all hours of the night, but on the few breaks they had between work, things had seemed to normalise a little. He still didn’t do well with boredom, but he actually liked just being around John who was willing to at least tolerate Sherlock, whether he was busy or not. He did like being around John -- this living together and working together arrangement was working well for Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock came into the bedroom, carrying the laptop. "I thought we could get into the bed, all right? To watch the film?" he said.
“No,” she said. “Just bored . . . I thought you two had a case.”
"I'm sure it wasn't," he said.
Sherlock pressed his face forward, trying to kiss John, but suddenly he realised he was going to come. He did his best to keep his hand going but had to let his hips go as he moved deep into John’s body. John pushed back against him, covering Sherlock's hand and stroking himself over the edge. He groaned softly, arching with pleasure.
"It hasn't been weeks," he said. He got up to refill his glass. "I'm sure it hasn't."
“Do we have to tell you?” Sherlock asked.
John didn't drink.
John glanced over. He took his shirt off and tossed it aside. He sat up and playfully modeled for Sherlock.
"It's a shame you have to work tomorrow . . . perhaps we could do something nice when you get home?" Sherlock said, a little awkwardly.
“No,” Sherlock said. “I don’t think so.”
“I’m not tired,” Sherlock said. “If you go to bed, what will I do?”
“We can be friends,” Sherlock said. Ellen was the only one who had been nice to him at this school.
"Don't get yourself worked up -- I said I'll give it to them," Sherlock said. He lay there quietly for a few minutes. "You're not even slightly interested in what I found?" he asked quietly.
John closed his eyes. He knew he should go up to his room, but he was actually quite comfortable and didn’t want to disturb Sherlock. He dozed off right there, snoring softly within minutes.
"I ought to make you do both," John smiled.
She took one bag, John picked up the rest, and they started to walk home. “Everything going alright with Sherlock?” she asked him. “He’s not taking advantage of you, is he?”
Sherlock felt warm, good --better than he had in such a long time. “I’m home now,” he said. “I’ll be here tomorrow morning and every morning . . .”
"A couple," he said. "What about you? Do you have a girlfriend?"
"I'm glad you think so. I should be going, but it was good to see you."
“I’ll trust you,” Sherlock said, even though he knew he probably wouldn’t enjoy the film. But he would enjoy sitting close to John so that was all that mattered.
"Oh no, I ate already," John said. "Something quick in the car."
John blinked at Sherlock and poured in the liquid.
“I’m going to pretend that this is how it’s going to be forever. I know it won’t be, but right now, I’m going to imagine it’ll just be us here forever,” Sherlock said, closing his eyes and imagining them. In his mind, he was really just seeing their life in lockdown and, while it hadn’t all gone smoothly, it seemed strangely perfect at the moment. “Are you imagining it, too?” he asked John, without opening his eyes.
"Right. Well, just call if anything else comes up,” John said.
Sherlock was sitting at his desk, feeling very pleased. Yesterday he’d had a new client and he’d just completed the case and received payment. It was quite easy obviously, but if he could get a few of those, he’d have a relatively steady income and still have time work with the police when they got in over their heads. And now he’d just responded to a second possible client. Things were starting to go as planned.
"I don't tell people that. I was just teasing," he said. "You should go pack. He said he's waiting for you."
John took them off the dance floor and towards the door. He wondered if people were watching them, if they suspected what they were doing. "It’s on the fourth floor," he said.
Sherlock watched John’s body writhe. His own cock, which had been aching since he’d come up with this idea, was now rock hard in his trousers. He angled the vibrator slightly to stimulate John’s prostate before continuing to fuck him with it.
As he and Watson withdrew, Holmes rubbed his hands together with glee. "I'm not sure exactly what the good widow is hiding, but I shall find out."
"Did she?" Holmes asked quietly. "The cuffs." He held out his hand and Watson supplied them, together with the cufflinks. Holmes became engrossed in his task, giving it his utmost concentration. His dark hair was shot through with a few strands of grey, Watson noticed.
Holmes played and, as he progressed through the tender notes, he became rapt in a column of his own making, the world shut out so easily, as always. Watson could feast his gaze in safety now, and he followed his friend with single-minded attention, boldly assessing those hands, the dexterous fingers. The man's face above all, Watson thought. So beautiful, those shadows beneath his eyes. There was no one who wanted to press his lips to them like he did and to feel their dark coolness.
Some days later, Holmes and Watson sat over ham and eggs at the breakfast table, reading through the morning papers, which featured a seemingly unending flow of articles describing the events that had marked the Queen's Diamond Jubilee.
"I thought I recognised that knock," Holmes said, as he looked down into Baker Street.
"You're implying that it's something to do with me, then?"
Watson groaned. The day had begun cold and rainy. A whistling draught slipped in through the gap between the window and the sill and sent him burrowing deeper beneath the covers.
"No one has spoken to them yet. Would you consider ... ?"
"What would your question have been?"
"'Betray, decay, defray, delay, disarray.' The continual state of Lestrade and his men. 'Display, dismay, essay, forelay, gainsay, inlay, relay, repay, roundelay, virelay.' Do you know that last?"
Watson regarded him, amusement in his eyes. "I can just about make out the child you must have been."
"Well, perhaps just the one freckle–the large one, in that particular spot. You know." Holmes tried to conceal his grin.
The price one paid for experiencing desire was to have uncertainties–small contorted beasts that delighted in inflicting their pangs of doubt–crowd into one's heart. Rather like Pandora's box, but in reverse, Watson thought. Why, my friend, why did you leave and never let me know you were alive?
(something, something)
He did not think Holmes had caught him looking. To mask his discomfort, Watson turned to him. "I should probably just borrow something of yours, shouldn't I? That is, if you'll let me dig around in that great old chest of yours. Are you sure you don't want to come? I thought it might appeal to you because of how much you like to put on disguises. There's no one quite like you for it."
. Reading the first of those tales–of the old conversations, Watson before him in the armchair with the heat of the fire lapping at his feet–had pierced Holmes like a dagger thrust that catches a man by surprise. He recognised the rush of feeling that ran through him but could not, or refused to, name it, as he let the journal drop onto the desk in front of him. But from that moment, he began to rue his exile and think of it with bitterness in his heart, and knew that he must return to London no matter the outcome.
"What is it?" Holmes asked.
"Please sit down. I won't detain you for long. Could I trouble you to shut the door?" Watson did so.
Inspector MacKenzie pursed his lips. "There's an uncle that we questioned. But he's washed his hands of his nephew and hasn't seen him since May."
"We need to fatten you up," Watson whispered, running his hands up Holmes's thighs, greedily tracing passage across their flesh, as if he needed to commit their shape to memory. "It's been almost a year since your travels, and you're still skin and bones." It was a curious thing to lie before another human being like this. Holmes didn’t know if he should ever grow wholly accustomed to it.
"Only the daughter of Mr Thompson's business partner, Mr John St Martin."
"Holmes."
"You keep me in the dark about quite a lot of things and I've learnt to accept it. Do I have to share with you every thought that passes through my own mind? And, besides. I don't think I've changed my behaviour in any particularly noticeable way."
Watson went on, as if he could not hold back the words now. "Preston, the chief medical officer, perished early in the battle. It was left to me and the orderlies to care for the wounded who were delivered to the field hospital. They came in waves. Waves that never stopped. I was wounded late that afternoon, and became enraged that I should have so foolishly let myself stumble into the path of a Jezail bullet. I looked around me and saw two stretcher bearers. I screamed orders at them to carry a man who was already half dead to the operating tent. Screamed at them as a way in which to relieve my own pain. When I looked over at them again, a shell had landed in their midst and there were only pieces of flesh lying about where men had been before." Watson hung his head, bitterness in his voice. "We all have our confessions to make, it seems."
"Ah, Thompson. It flattened me, when I stepped off the train in London and learned the news. I was shocked, too, to learn of the ill-conceived transactions that he had been conducting independently. Unbeknownst to me, that is."
Holmes stopped. "For God's sake, Watson."
Concentration had almost deserted him now. The words on the paper seemed far below him, cuneiform scratches of black on white, their meaning fading.
"But that's the bag in which you carry your disguises. Sherlock, what are you up to?"
"Were you thinking of your Spanish damsel whom you always used to dream about?"
Watson looked from behind his
But his words must have been half-hearted, for he leaned down to catch Watson's lips in another kiss. Shivers bloomed in the cavity of Watson's chest as he looked up at him. Holmes seemed in no hurry and the embrace deepened as he bore down upon him, insistent.
Ah, the Gypsy Airs. Sarasate on a cold autumn's night, the rain blowing outside, inside a warm fire. He leaned deeper into his chair and waited for the familiar strains to begin. Holmes hadn't performed this piece since Watson had returned to Baker Street.
"Thompson, very unfortunately, had a predilection for—. Well, it's entirely too shocking to name. For the company of certain young men, if you must know." Watson shifted in his seat. "As I said, appearances can be deceiving, Mr Holmes. But I'm sure you know about that. In your line of work."
Yes, of course, Watson thought. Always and forever. Always.
"I'm not mad," she insisted.
"Ha!" exclaimed Holmes, throwing up his hands.
A cab splashed past them. Watson, who was closer to the kerb, jumped out of the way, but his overcoat was already covered with stains of tobacco-coloured water.
Little laughs–affectionate and casual–came from the passengers behind them, a man and woman in their middle age, absorbed in their outing, perhaps light-headed from too much wine that afternoon.
"Never mind the window. Come to my room."
After finishing with the morning's toilet, freshly shaven and in his navy suit, Watson paused before the small bookshelf he kept in his room, the one reserved for the volumes of poetry to which he turned most often. He thumbed through their well-worn pages with an eye to what he would take with him to the sitting room: Palgrave's, of course. The Hood rhyming dictionary. The Trench anthology, not as good as Palgrave's, but still a substantial volume. The Brewer book on writing poetry. Shakespeare, certainly.
"Oh, one more thing," Watson called behind him. "Be sure to sharpen the razor with the strop. You'll need to scrape it against the leather, strenuously, several times."
"At your, well, exploits. Or at least at the freckles on your posterior," Holmes mused.
"If you'll be so good as to answer the questions, Mrs Thompson, we'll depart at the earliest instant. Now, for how long had your husband and John St Martin been partners?" Holmes asked. Beside him, Watson smoothed the open page of his notebook, attempting to conceal his aching leg with its pages.
"I'll fetch some water and a cloth to clean you," Holmes said.
"After all, isn't that what a man does when he is in love?"
"Oh, Inspector. What are you doing here? Is it about a case? Why didn't you mention it as soon as you arrived?"
"Is something wrong?" Watson asked.
Holmes let the cigarette smoke spiral out of his mouth. "I shall make a point of procuring you currant jelly and lemon pudding for your delectation, my good Doctor, at some future date when you're least expecting them."
"Oh?"
"My mother subscribed to the firm belief that children were to be seen and not heard. And preferably not much seen either. Looking back at it, I suspect that we appalled her.
Watson thought it best to forgo words. Instead he reached an arm from beneath the covers and brushed away the hair that had fallen across Holmes's forehead. The grey eyes that looked up at the ceiling had indeed traveled far back in time.
"The honey," was all Watson could think to remark. "You've spilled some. On your hand."
Downstairs Watson took his writing box from its place next to the settee and sat down with it at Holmes's desk. He opened the box and folded down the writing panel, arranging his cigarette case and matches at his upper right. He had bought the desk with the proceeds from the first story he had sold to the
Holmes made a noise of impatience. "Really, Mycroft? You should have said as much at the start. I'm to be led around on a string by that fellow? Who is worse even than Lestrade at assembling his theories? I don't know. No, I'm not sure at all."
He shrugged as if with regret. "Well, I don't like to speak ill of the dead."
"For breaking open the case."
"Did anyone see them as they went? Is it known what exit they took from the premises?"
Holmes pressed on. "Aren't you? Dancing about, hovering, afraid to come near me. It makes me positively jumpy. I can't even think with you around now!"
"Holmes?" he almost-whispered.
"St. Martins-le-Grand. And he sent it registered post, too, the impudent puppy."
"Dammit, but the man's nerve is something to behold!" And Watson joined in with Holmes's contagious laughter, the sounds of it filling the room.
"With the help of some true friends. And more than a bit of luck."
"We hadn't nearly so fine of fare as Mrs Hudson's meals. It was all tinned things. I remember when I arrived back in Portsmouth and ate a fresh orange on Christmas Day. It tasted like–like a new lease on life." Watson looked down at that, and Holmes could not make out his expression in the flickering light.
"What is it?"
"My apologies. I don't mean to be deliberately enigmatic, but it's a matter of some delicacy."
Holmes finished at the end of the Lento section, as Watson liked, and the spell of it hung in the air.
Holmes read poetry himself. Sometimes. He admired the ancients, but had a very eclectic knowledge of them, having been tutored at home, Watson later discovered, rather than sent away to school. And he tolerated the Elizabethans and Pope, but had no patience at all for the heartfelt yearnings of the Romantic poets. Shelley had been the recipient of Holmes's special scorn.
“St Martin hesitated. He was facing the kitchen window, cast half in light, half in shadow. ‘You treated men in combat. Did they ever— Did you ever see them afraid? One reads about it, that's all. Wars and battles. And so when one meets a person who was wounded— Please forgive me, I couldn't help noticing—'
"Because." He examined the tie as he looped it through its knot. "I do have an obligation to you. It shouldn't." He pulled the knot firm. "Always be you. Who leads in these things. I want to learn to do what pleases you most." Then he fanned out the knot, admiring his handiwork.
"John?" he asked. "However did you find me?"
"Yes, that's true. I did say that."
Perhaps as a last resort, Watson took up his volume of Shakespeare's sonnets. He cast his eyes desultorily over the pages of the introduction. A commentator of the period had remarked: "so the sweete wittie soule of Ovid lives in mellifluous and honey-tongued Shakespeare, witnes his
"There we are. Very nice. Yes, very nice indeed," Watson pronounced. "Much obliged, old man," he said, giving him a friendly slap on the arm. "Next time we'll work on my moustache." He arose from the chair and without further ado proceeded to the sitting room.
"Let me. Please," Watson whispered, his voice roughened. "Please."
Holmes mumbled something, but Watson could not be sure what it was. "What was that you said?" Never mind, Holmes was drifting at this point, so Watson tugged at the blanket that was bunched at his feet and arranged it around Holmes's shoulders as best he could, that his friend should not feel the damp that had crept into the room.
Watson cast him a doubtful glance but accepted the proffered cup, and they fell into a polite silence.
Watson waited to see if Holmes intended to go on.
There was no reply and Watson thought that perhaps Holmes had not been paying attention, so he dropped the subject.
"We may have the very devil of a time locating this Raffles fellow."
What if? With such an expanse of time before him and the world in fine feather, what if he were to try to write the poem he had been turning over in his mind for some time now? One that would memorialise Holmes's gifts in a way that did full justice to them. The stories–he liked the stories well enough, and they had brought Holmes a not inconsiderable amount of business. But a poem that captured the essence of the man? That would be something worth striving for.
He proceeded to thread the second string–the E string, was it?–and again Watson saw how he drew it along the body of the violin until he arrived at the second peg, winding the string and pulling it tighter with each turn. Holmes pulling his hair by the roots, turning it tight with his fist, the flesh of lips grazing against each other, hips dragging, seeking purchase. He gave a little shake to dispel the betraying image, alarmed, and looked to Holmes. Had he seen anything? But he only continued to apply the strings, head bowed, engrossed in his task.
"Help yourself to a cup of tea."
"A scrapbook. In it I gather all the material I've accumulated about a case in the course of solving it. I store the most essential information in my brain-attic, but these volumes are a complement to that. Occasionally I'll pull one down from its shelf and study it, reconstructing the case step by step. The process can be rather useful when I've reached an impasse on another problem. It calms the mind and gives perspective."
"You'll let me know if it's not to your liking."
Watson narrowed his eyes, shaking his head. "You're incorrigible, you know." Holmes responded with the makings of a  wry grin. The day beckoned them forward. To puzzles and fires and perhaps, if the weather granted it, a walk later in the brisk air of a London afternoon.
"Did your friends listen to you, Dr Watson?"
"And are you the man to do that?"
"Well, it hasn't to do with me."
"The greatest slow bowler of his generation. But wasn't he supposed to have drowned or flung himself into the sea off the coast of Italy a few years ago?" inquired Watson, hurrying over Holmes's pause.
"I rather think they are the ones who have had reason to be flustered these past months."
"I suppose it's a facile thing to say," Watson began. "Yes, a facile thing. But life. Your life. It's valuable. I hope you recognise that."
"Mycroft," Holmes nodded.
"Inspector Lestrade."
Suddenly he sprang up. "No, but really, John. We must be getting a move on. Come on, I'll help you gather your things."
"Very good, Mr. Holmes!" The bright smile was already weighing up its victory.
"How do you do, Doctor? Sherlock?" Mycroft Holmes inspected the settee before taking a seat on it. "May I?"
"'Bray, clay, day, dray, tray, flay, fray, gay, hay, jay, lay, may, nay, pay.' What you're always asking our clients to do. 'Play, ray, say, way, pray, spray, slay, stay, stray, sway, tway. Fay, affray.' We've been in one or two of those, haven't we, Watson? 'Allay, array, astray, away, belay, bewray.' Bewray?"
Then there were the nights in which there were no moans, but only a restless pacing across the floorboards. Holmes would count the steps in these midnight ghost marches. It helped to pass the interminable hours after an experiment failed or when his mood collapsed without warning.
"I'm Emmeline," said the woman. She gave her hand to Watson, offering the tips of her fingers. Then she turned to Holmes, her head lowered, and extended her hand—reluctantly, Holmes thought.
Watson's eye caught at
"What last?"
"You'll be fine. Make sure that the cream is sufficiently moistened and that you've spread it generously all over. Yes, like that. See, is it so very difficult?"
The only problem with such a lofty ambition was the instrument to hand. Watson knew he was a poet manqué and had accepted the fact years ago. He would never possess that quality that the true poet was endowed with, the ability to weave everyday words like sun or bird or plane tree into something that pierced the heart. But the urge to compose a poem would come upon him occasionally and he would honour it, ever hopeful that this time the Muse would bless him with her inspiration.
"Well," Watson offered with a gallant air. "I am slow at going about things, and a great creature of habit. I'm not as quick as you and our friend here are at coming to decisions. Keeping up with the both of you is a life's work in itself."
"You'll let me know what it is you need." The afternoon came to a standstill.
"Can you?" There came to Holmes the echoing corridors of his family's home, the black cliffs of Cornwall and the sea. His father absent on one of his frequent journeys. His mother, her long hands at her sides, as he bobbed a bow to her before dinner. The banishment to the nursery after the perfunctory conversation at table, Mycroft ramrod straight in his chair. Holmes's childhood had been an exile of its own, although he hadn't known it then.
"Will you share them with me?"
"What was he doing there in late September?"
Watson, his face drawn, regarded Holmes for what was surely an eternity. Embarrassment was in his gaze but also relief and something else, which Holmes could not identify. "Yes," he agreed at last, shaking Holmes's hand. "That would suit me very well."
"Can you explain 'fragile'? Mrs Thompson, you'll have to be more forthcoming if we're to make any progress here."
Holmes shouldn't have been so pleased with such an inconsequential remark.
"Yes, they did." A tone of assurance, admitting of no doubt. Something in Holmes woke to the possibilities in it.
"Oh, I'm very sorry."
Watson felt rather self-conscious but he acquiesced, examining the interior of the costumer's beyond the gold lettering on the window that proclaimed the proprietor's name. He could see tall shelves that mounted up one side, while on the other the proprietor himself was waiting on a young man and woman.
"Of course she did."
Could such a slip of a girl have killed a person? Physically wielded the heavy kitchen knife that Holmes had inspected that morning? Maxwell Thompson had not been a large man, but he would certainly have been more powerful than the sheltered Miss St Martin, who looked as if she could be carried off like a dandelion clock on a summer breeze. Had Miss St Martin feigned her distress that day at Gainsborough Gardens? What to make of the marks on her face? Holmes recalled how readily she had opened her thoughts to Watson. A doctor's bedside manner and all that. Had Watson uncovered a deeper vein of truth, or was the young woman's candour part of some elaborate ruse?
"Yes, it's difficult to solve a problem if you can't summon up the proper detachment. You limit the number of possible solutions open to you."
Watson veered out of view while he fetched his medical bag, and then returned. "The sutures aren't ready to be removed yet. Not for a week at least. But they shouldn't give you any more trouble."
"Anything, really. Tell me a story. About where you used to explore as a boy. What games you played at." A thought brightened Holmes's face. "Did your mother ever make you tea?" he asked.
"No, that was Thompson's purview."
Holmes lit a cigarette and sat back in his chair, pretending that he had not relented a little. "I suppose so. What do you have?"
. "Come in, Lucy. What is this you bring us?"
"We shall find out..." Holmes pressed his teeth against his lower lip in concentration. Didn't he have a chemist's delicate touch after all?
"Everybody is flawed," Holmes said promptly.
What was this about? They had been merely sitting here having a bit of tea.
Watson snorted.
"No, no. It's not that. It's rather that I made a bargain with myself long ago and I've kept it."
"Talk to me, John."
"The currant jelly was my favourite. My grandmother wouldn't let anyone else make it. She was very proprietary about it. As for tea, I had a particular weakness for lemon pudding."
"You've been avoiding eye contact with me over the past month," Holmes pronounced out of nowhere. "As at this very minute. Why is that? Shall I deduce it for you? Yes, I think I see it now. There's something that you're afraid you'll reveal if you engage in conversation with me, isn't there? Something you've been thinking about for rather a great while. Am I not right?"
"She didn't. Nurse made tea."
"St Martin stared at me with solemn eyes like his sister's. 'So there's no hiding it, then?'
"'No need to apologise. It's natural that one would be curious. They don't show it, by the way. The fear.'  With some difficulty I gathered my thoughts. 'But after a while, you learn to know which of the men carry it inside them and which don't. It's difficult to explain, really. But it cleaves the person in half, whether officer or man. Like a bright red slicing in two. You can almost smell it.'
"I'm not implying anything at all. I'm stating that you're attempting to change the subject in an altogether obvious way."
"My dear Mycroft, being enigmatic is a speciality of yours."
"Yes, yes." Holmes waved his hand. "Send me any other details that arise. I'll have a chat with the widow first." Lestrade arose, pleased to be able to send word that Holmes was to become involved in the inquiry.
"I say, Holmes. May I fetch something for you to look at?" Watson struggled to stand. When Holmes made to raise himself from his own chair, he was rewarded with a distinct glare from his fellow-lodger. At length Watson returned with a worn cloth satchel, which he dropped on the desk.
Holmes held himself still, alert to the moment.
"The Hope case?" Holmes said, sceptical.
"So what do you have for me, Mr Holmes?"
"Oh! No."
"Halloo there! Anybody at home? Watson? Mrs Hudson?" Holmes bounded into the sitting room.
It seemed as if Holmes could hardly bear to remain in his chair, as if he were shrinking from being exposed while humiliated by a need to be seen. He made to serve himself some more tea, rattling the cups and other things in the process.
"You're the one who offered."
"And what was the purpose of his request?"
"How so?"
"No. No, not about her."
Holmes tried to pull back his arm.
It was enough.
"I tried to comfort her with my flimsy words and then she said, 'Everyone goes to such lengths to pretend that it matters. But what if it doesn't matter? The day before it happened. I was returning home from the Heath and a woman was walking in front of me. She was a big woman and she walked slowly and I saw a great cavity inside of her. It was hollow and there was nothing to fill it, or that could fill it. I said to myself, we go to so very much effort to carry an emptiness inside of us. Why do we do it?'”
MacKenzie was all gloom. "It's a sair fecht and no doubt about it."
"I suppose you'll want tea. Mrs Hudson?" Holmes glanced at the landlady who hovered at the door, bidding her to prepare it for their visitor.
"Mr Holmes. —Ronnie, stop hovering." Ronnie dropped into a chair at his father's side. Rather a silly person, Ronnie St Martin, and obviously browbeaten by the force of nature that was his father.
"It's just that I can't recall ever having had a conversation quite like the ones I do with you."
Holmes glanced at Watson. "Well, are you going to see what's inside?" Holmes opened the lid and found lying tucked in cotton wool a packet of Sullivans cigarettes, accompanied by a note written in a dashed-off hand.
"How can you mock it so? It's a poem about the power of music, of devotion to music. Do you not revere your violin, and does it not render up its charms to you, whenever you have felt the music move within you? I know it to be the case, for I have witnessed it."
"We suspect it may be the work of AJ Raffles. I presume you have heard of him?"
Watson reflected. "Perhaps you're right. Perhaps I did make one. In Afghanistan. But as to its exact nature— There were too many hours to think on such things while I was in hospital."
It put him in mind of the afternoon they had stolen those many years ago, after they had finished the Smith-Mortimer case. They could hardly bear to wrap up the reports that the local constable had demanded of them and sign the dreary forms, before they were off, walking out of the town down a country lane to a pond that Holmes had spied earlier in their investigation. They had hastened there, lengthening their strides, laughing as they vied to outpace each other, until at the end they were running along the dusty track. They threw themselves onto the grass when they arrived at their destination, stripped themselves of their hats and coats, their neckties and collars and cuffs, and stretched themselves out, trying to catch their breath. Holmes had flung an arm across Watson's middle, his palm upturned, and Watson had let it rest there, overjoyed to see Holmes so carefree.
"Hmm..." he said, in a tone that flustered Holmes.
They fell silent. The rain slid in heavy sheets down the windowpanes, and Watson nestled closer into Holmes's shoulder. "What did your mother make you for tea?" he asked.
Then he leapt up, offering his hand. He gave a shy smile, and Watson wondered if he could be any more besotted than he already was.
At first they had talked, talked, talked, as they had always done since almost the very beginning of their friendship. Until the afternoon had slowed and they had found themselves embracing, seeking the other's kisses, their bodies joined from shoulder to toe. Holmes had raised himself on his elbow, looking down at Watson, dipping down for little nips at his face. Past forty, and behaving like boys! Such a thing would have been inconceivable to Watson during the terrible year after Mary had died and Holmes was a memory that continued to ache whenever the weather changed, like his shoulder.
"Yes, by the police at Poole directly after the body was located." Lestrade shook his head. "They didn't make much headway. She was quite distressed, as you can imagine. The inspector with jurisdiction over the investigation asks if you might be able to pay her a visit. Mrs Thompson has returned to London. Would you be willing to speak with her? I know your time is valuable."
Holmes considered. "No. Only to the ones who provide me with regular physical aid." He patted the ground between where their bodies lay stretched. "No, but come, John. It's time to go or we shall never catch our train back to town."
"I supposed it's no use asking if you plan to attend Sir Henry's fancy dress ball, Holmes? From his letter, he seems to be fully restored from the events of last year and eager to show his friends all the improvements he's made to Baskerville Hall. I confess I do wish to see the results of his reforms.
Watson cast his eyes over the bookshelves, then to the desk and the far window beyond it, but Holmes's work drew him back. Again the strings were threaded, again the pegs were turned and tightened, again the images of hair and lips and legs came over him.
"Inspector MacKenzie, tell me about the post office from which the parcel was sent to Buckingham Palace."
"I'd always been able to discard people when the convenient time came. Or send them packing. Or bar them from entering into my affairs in the first place. Before you came along. And you can't know the number of times that I've struggled with whether to take the morphia since you came back to Baker Street. I simply haven't learned again how to live with you so close by since I've returned to London. There's been the danger that you might decide you'd had enough of this quaint lark, after your years of living a more conventional life."
A chill rose up to the boat from the dark waters before them and the dusk had condensed until it had almost acquired a texture of its own. Everything seemed very far away, except for the prickly warmth of the woolen lap robe. With a sense that it was all too fleeting, Watson folded his knotty hand over the long one closest to him and pressed it, now touching the veins there in earnest. At first he was not sure if Holmes–dreaming of his bees–had marked the gesture. And that was a fine thing in itself. Dreaming of bees, and not needing to mark a gesture, were very fine things.
subscribers, so perhaps he's better off not taking my advice after all."
"Should I ask you about those things?"
"A variant of betray. Weren't you working on rearranging your 'M' files?"
"Yours? You hold a fire to be the source of all things holy. God, how do you stand the heat in such close quarters?"
"Good afternoon, Dr Watson. This just came for you." Lestrade, entering the room, handed a crumpled waybill to Watson, who went to see what was afoot. The inspector then turned to the source of the odour of shag tobacco that pervaded the room. Holmes was observing with rapt attention the smoke that issued from his pipe as it made its way towards the ceiling.
Watson settled himself with difficulty in the chair across from Holmes and deposited his candlestick on the desk next to Holmes's own. The two candles, the only sources of illumination in the room, flickered uncertainly as a draught slipped in from the window nearby.
Holmes looked at him with an air of surprise. It was clear that his thoughts had been far away, pulled out by one of those strong tides that took hold of his mind.
"No, I don't imagine so," Lestrade agreed. "Well, I must be on my way to Scotland Yard. I'll be sure to alert you to any new information we find regarding St Martin's whereabouts. My thanks for your help with this case. To both of you." Lestrade nodded pointedly at Watson as he bid farewell.
"I killed Maxwell Thompson."
Before Watson could reply, St Martin continued. "You wouldn't have thought me capable of it. Is that what you're thinking? Of dragging the body of an old family friend up the beach. I wrapped his head with a muffler so that I shouldn't see his eyes, but it thudded against the sand with each tug of the body further from the shore.
Holmes made a strangled noise. He could have sworn there was a suppressed grin hiding in those words.
"Oh. Yes. Yes, thank you."
Holmes desired nothing more than to scrabble his way out of the room. How was he to respond to such a disclosure? Despite his panic, he resolved to let the moment hover and come to rest, without rushing to draw it to a conclusion. The next step was somehow inevitable. He thrust out his hand. "We spoke of bargains not long ago. You remember. What do you say to a bargain of our own? You'll accompany me on my—our—future cases, providing any assistance required, and in exchange you're free to write them up however you like. Would that suit you?"
Watson asked Holmes if he should like him to reciprocate, but Holmes shook his head. Instead he lowered himself again, resting his head on Watson's torso and nudging into his hand so that his hair might be stroked. Watson began to caress his scalp. From this angle Holmes was all bones, curled there, his eyes heavy-lidded.
"Ah, a war hero! How intriguing. Can I offer you a brandy? You look like a man who knows his brandy."
"Let's go over this again, shall we, Inspector?" Holmes said.
Holmes turned his gaze from the rough waves to the shore. His eyes landed on Watson, who was further up the beach, his back to Holmes, denting the sand with the toe of his boot, inspecting an object.
A bang, a crash. Long strides up the stairs.
Tonight: Shouts and then silence. Watson scrambling from his bed, slipping before he regained his footing. To the washbasin to splash water on his face. A pause. Tap thump, tap thump. So he had decided to employ his cane after all. The ceiling above Holmes's workroom squeaked and shifted with each turn.
Of late Sherlock Holmes had taken to categorising the sounds from the room upstairs. The barked orders. The one-sided conversations. The haunted moans. One evening they did not subside and Holmes was finally obliged to drop several pieces of scientific equipment on the floor to interrupt the terrible noise. Mrs Hudson had grumbled throughout the course of the next day as she dislodged the resulting shards of glass from the corners of Holmes's workroom, which adjoined the sitting room at Baker Street.
The sea-coal burned bright. Holmes lay in his bed, too heavy to pull away when Watson knelt beside him. Watson began to wipe Holmes on his belly and his hips, with the cloth he had dipped in water from the pitcher and heated before the hearth-flames. He did so with concentration on his brow and with a gentleness of touch that made Holmes want to pull away. And yet he could not. He was buried too deep in the bed, the languour of their congress still upon him. The warmth of the cloth melted into his groin, into clammy skin and curled hair.
Lestrade gave a long-suffering sigh and began to recite the details. "Mr Maxwell Thompson, a tea importer by trade, was found dead last week on the coast of Dorset near Poole."
"What's come over you? Summer got into your blood?" he asked Holmes, who leaned over him, propped on his elbow. Stems of grass tickled the nape of Watson's neck.
Watson got up from the bed, draping the cloth over the edge of the basin on its stand. Holmes watched the muscles of his buttocks, the curve of them and how they moved and caught the secret firelight. In some strange fashion, the light revealed Watson as the conjuror Holmes suddenly knew him to be, the man who had summoned Holmes back from the dead with the stories he had published in the wake of the fall at Reichenbach. Had the very words willed him back to London, bringing him to this particular moment?
He set down his pen and lit a cigarette, musing. Another memory intruded.
"Nothing at all. I tell you, Mr Holmes, these are seasoned criminals we're dealing with. I'm convinced that it was Raffles who stole Lady Melrose's diamond and sapphire necklace back in '91. Almost lost my life in that little adventure. Took a stab to the gut that well nigh finished me off."
Watson settled into his chair and wrapped himself in one of the shawls that Mrs Hudson had been kind enough to bring up for them. He let his eyes close while his friend paced back and forth. Although he no longer maintained a practice, he still had a few patients who refused to admit the fact and begged that he might attend on them. It was difficult to refuse Mrs Liddell, whose mother was ailing, and besides, they lived such a very short distance away, and he had ended up spending the entire afternoon in the humble house off the Paddington Street Gardens.
"Is my grip too strong?" Ever since their friendship had...progressed...to its current state, he had learned that Watson ("John" was reserved strictly for the transports of the bedchamber) liked his hair to be...how was one to describe it?...grasped tautly.
They had flung aside their coats and collars and other articles of clothing directly they had arrived at the pond earlier that afternoon. Holmes hopped around, snatching up the items, each time with increasingly exaggerated gestures as he saw the appreciative audience he had in Watson. He came to a stop before him.
"'No, I never did see them, although I did encounter many equally strange things, if not stranger.'
"Yes," Watson said, his breath laboured. "I see you're in quite a hurry to be gone."
"How do you do? My colleague, Dr Watson."
Better to content himself with an unanswered desire than risk a friendship so hard-won, even if that desire sent fevers through him far into the rain-soaked night.
"My freckles! My dear Holmes, I blush at such remarks."
"Of course."
and in the thirteen years since, it had acquired a smooth patina, the oils from his hand having darkened the woodgrain around the clasp.
"How are you, Mr Holmes? Dare I ask if you have time for a new case?"
"However can you see well enough to run the string where it needs to go?"
Watson threw down his pen, his face warm at the memory and at what had followed. He leant back in the chair, grinning. Then he cast his eye over the dutiful, leaden lines before him. How could words capture the smallest part of what he felt for Holmes and the ways in which he had changed as a man because of him?
"Worth my while? Why, what a question. All of us make bargains in life. I'll wager you have as well."
A distinctly unamused look was cast towards Holmes's armchair. "I come, although you might not believe it, on the errand of the Queen herself. I suppose you have heard of the affair of the Royal Gold Cup?"
"You were in Nepal when the murder occurred. For how long were you there?"
"Listen to this, Watson! 'Till joy denies itself again, And, too intense, is turn'd to pain.' What is that supposed to mean? Or this: 'When you die, the silent Moon, In her interlunar swoon, Is not sadder in her cell, Than deserted Ariel.' Pah." And he tossed the volume into the corner behind his chair.
"It concentrates my mind and helps me think."
Restless, Holmes picked up one of Watson's rhyming dictionaries that lay nearby and glanced through it, his attention suddenly diverted. He rattled off one of the first entries as if it were a patter song.
Several drops of honey had fallen and merged on Holmes's hand. They glistened there in the firelight, rounded and inviolate. Watson could fix his eyes on nothing else. With the slowest of movements, gently, perched on the edge of the armchair, he leaned over, a little off balance, and took Holmes's hand in his own. He felt its calluses in his grasp. He lowered his head, clumsy but intent, his whole frame now trembling, and brought his mouth to the drops, sucking them where they sat on the mound between Holmes's thumb and forefinger. Watson tasted the summer and the bees in the drops, and the muscle underneath.
