. I'mmma gonna put some here in a while, along with a glossary but please give her all the love. This wouldn't have been completed without her, the midnight asks, the rolling around the bed, the emotional support, the plotting, everything has pherry's brushstrokes in it.
Dean worries about going back to Chesterford due to the kidnappings. Despite Castiel's statement that the children are recoverable until Samhain, it is in Dean's nature to obsess.
Castiel pauses from serving to look at Dean critically. "The reason your shoulder was dislocated was that you were brought here by the griffin. Of course, the landing was problematic because you were
the grandmothers say,
“—do you?”
God, Luke was a condescending prick, rivaled only by Michael in his sense of entitlement. “If only I came into the fold,” Castiel reiterated.
What happened last night was definitely not a battle. More like Dean irritating the creature before he plunged to his death.
The victim as a product of an angel's hate, purified for forgiveness. It was easier to find in Heaven than Castiel's string of Pharzuph. Pamela could do in a pinch, although she wasn't harmed by hate, rather by ignorance; Jimmy could probably do, but he had been a willing sacrifice.
If you liked the story and have NEVER read the books, I would suggest picking the
"Castiel?" John sounds out the foreign name, and with his inherent suspicion comments, "That's an unusual name around these parts."
“Excuse me?” the guy from the Vonnegut aisle has a low and gravelly voice, and if the guy hadn’t just bought out the entire reason Dean was here, Dean would have been more personable. As it was, he turned to give the guy a grunt.
Dean couldn’t tolerate more than a few bites of bread, so Castiel kept the beverage close to wash out the acerbic taste from his mouth. He fished fresh clothes from Dean’s bag and laid it down on the bedside table, along with a cup of tea and a half-eaten banana. There was still no sign of Sam when lunch rolled around, but Castiel saw that the cramps were lessening by the way that Dean slept through the hour with no need to run for the bathroom.
And there were just a lot of things in that sentence that Castiel couldn't parse. Because "terminated" and "recuperation" just did not go hand in hand. He let that thought go before looking towards Kevin. "But Gabriel might listen to a prophet's prayer."
So he ended up crafting a separate heaven from all the other heavens, making it self-contained and more like a little sandbox where he could work. His very own craft-room; who would've thought?
"The griffin and I hunt for food," Castiel answers while ladling stew into a deep bowl for Dean.
“Baby?” Castiel asked, confused but switching on the torch from his NovaWatch to search for some on the ground. The scent of flowering weeds tickled his nose as he walked off the road.
“Dean, you need to teach Cas how to dance,” Sam says, his drink covering his smile, just as Led Zeppelin’s Thank You plays on the speakers.
LEBANON, KANSAS 2013
used to a certain amount of creature comforts. You also have an entire empire that’s willing to back you.”
Castiel stepped back, wondering if he had been that transparent in front of the Winchesters. It was insightful of Michael to say so now when the archangel had barely paid attention to Castiel when he had been a foot soldier in the garrison. "I don't need it from you, Michael."
from him, and kept that knowledge to himself when he did find out, the fallout would be much worse. Not that Dean looked like he wanted to return to Stava for the wedding, anyway. He was dead set on staying at Stanford with his brother.
“No, I meant: Oh, Gabriel must have put it,” Cas explained earnestly.
When he notices Dean’s attention, he smiles and tilts the can Dean’s way. “Do you want a sip?”
While this happens, Castiel brings up his concerns about newcomers in the area. It frustrates him when they are close-lipped around him. Dean points Cas towards his mother since Mary is active in the village and talks to the women while John holds town hall meetings.
Dean doesn’t stop running until he stumbles into Lady Missouri Moseley, their Priestess neighbor. She’d been standing outside, troubled. When she takes a look at them, she envelops them in blankets and ushers them in her house.
! We have everything from cakes and pies to candles and soaps! Feel free to look around. If you’re curious about how we work, we also offer an apiary tour with our founder, Cain.”
Castiel strokes the phalanges of her wings, kneading the leathery membranes between them. He works on one section until it is supple and gleaming, before moving on.
? That's not exactly reassuring."
"Of course not, Mr. Winchester." And wasn't that a rare occurrence, someone calling him his real surname in a case and someone actually knowing about the case that they were investigating. "Heaven was meant for souls, Dean Winchester, and though the angels are now mortal, they were never human. They never had souls."
“You know, I could teach you some basic Craft when I’m free,” Dean offers. And he won’t be as condescending as those aristo pricks that would make fun of a non-standard learner like Jack if that’s the case. “I don’t know a lot, mostly it’s for use around the house and guard duties, but anything complex your tutors will teach you, anyway.”
Not bothering to explain his actions, Castiel asks, “Do you like the candles?”
Blood villages look after landen villages bound to them. Blood villages are ruled by District Queens. District Queens serve Province Queens. The Province Queens in turn served the Territory Queen, who was chosen by the majority of the darker-Jeweled Blood. (both male and female)
It took an hour at a brisk walk to get to Lebanon from the bunker, but Castiel had lost an entire day, something not unusual when he was deep in thought about his current adversary. He ended up in the archway of a church, because somehow, though he had doubts, his subconscious still believed. He sighed in resignation and walked through the open doors.
Leilah smiled and shook her head. "Wait for it, brother." So Castiel watched them build progressively larger and catchier boxes to showcase their drink until finally, in the end, Gabriel's character had built a stage and—
That wasn't happening any time soon. Castiel might have opened a crack and lifted Sam out of the Cage, Death might have relieved Lucifer of Sam's soul, but Dean wasn't anything close to power with those two beings. Entering the Cage would be more torture than staying in Hell for forty years. "No can do."
He swiped his hand against his hair and sighed before leaving the sizzling mess of nothing in the middle of the nameless highway in Heaven that suspiciously looked like I-90, cobbled together in its fake Stonehenge that Heaven was slowly reabsorbing, its function done. Dean walked to the Impala to take him back to his corner of Heaven, where he could sulk and lick his wounds.
Save a man’s life once, and you’d own him forever. Dean shouldn’t. His dad would kill him. They wouldn’t move as fast with an Angelus incapacitated with a Ring of Obedience, a fledgling, and another Prince. But they’d need shields to overcome the tracker of that Ring, and maybe Alfie could be one of those shields.  “Do you think you’d survive away from Terrielle?”
Castiel bumped into Dean and Sam at every turn. The brothers weren’t officers and their duties kept them busy. It gave no real opportunity for Castiel to get to know them better. Which was a pity, because Castiel was certain he would not glimpse the man after he disembarked in New York.
which was about being saved. It has such nice easy chords but with difficult strumming, so Dean tried to practice it a couple of times when he had Robin’s guitar. He finished side two with the newly released
if you know what I mean.”
Also the dancing was taken from the gagreel which I linked at the beginning of this fic here's a GIF for you
Naomi didn’t dabble with tech, but she understood money. The lens projections were small. The starting funds
Dean just bet Lucifer was a cat person.
“You and your bus obsession. We talked about this. Those are contortionist seats. People die in those things. I’ll drive you to Los Angeles. Stop trying to leave me.” Dean stepped back and wiped Castiel’s cheeks with his thumb. “I’m sorry, sweetheart, I… Sam just means so much to me, has been my whole world for so long, there didn’t seem to be a point to wanting anything else.”
Dean barrels on, “I mean, why would you
“She was touching my chest!” he complained, rubbing the area, almost as if he could wipe the feeling away. “She wouldn’t drop it even after I asked her to!”
Had it only been six short years ago that they’d crossed over from Terreille? It feels like a lifetime. They’re different people now. He remembers when they crossed over, running away from Terreille.
Rubbing his jaw at the picture that Dean painted, Castiel agrees, “I guess it is sort of like that.”
Sam grimaces. Castiel waits on the possibility of the rare event that Sam agrees with Dean on the length of his hair. Predictably, the younger man just shakes his head. “It can wait. But you’re closer to unkept than ruggedly shaggy.” He takes an elastic and scrunches the fistful in a short ponytail, which solves his problem.
“Kelly Kline’s child died along with her when she delivered,” Zachariah informs her.
Dean looked around the room, a bit frantic. If he already worked out the Spell with Cas, then the Batcave might contain other clues. Bobby eyed him from where he was standing as Dean inspected everything in the room for any triggers.
Ah, the boy has not left yet. Good.
No matter how many times Dean managed to enter the Garden, it never ceased to amaze. It was vast, perpetually changing, even though, for Dean, it was fixed mostly as a botanical garden.
"I know you," the girl said to Castiel now that Gabriel had shifted attention to the graceless angel, her eyebrows knit in remembrance. "I think I am your shadow."
Worry gnaws at Castiel’s heart as he goes towards the Angelus statue, but the snow there is untouched from last night’s snowfall. He hurries towards the kitchens, where the other slaves were organizing rations.
"Battling a beast in his forest wasn't exactly a wise decision on your part."
- commands God's Host
“Next time, warn a guy, would you?” Dean asked as he stretched crick on his back from all the sitting and just watching myriads and myriads of angels and their equivalent of a feast day.
his flaws. It was something that Lucifer could never understand.
References for the angel lore of this fic came from a mix of Kabbalah, Jewish and Christian mythos. I am Roman Catholic, so most (if not all) of the prayers here are Catholic.
Sam stilled. If their parents were offering their blessing and support for the university, then Sam didn’t really have to be away. That left Dean. Dad’s gaze swung to him next before he said, “I talked to Naomi last night. Given the current situation, the deal with the Novaks is off.”
The griffin snorts, ruffling Dean's short auburn hair, and Sam swears that it rolls its eyes. After another light show, Castiel appears again, his arms crossed in front of himself and glaring at Dean.
Castiel examined Charis's memories, woefully blank because of her ritual dipping into the River Region, restoring her, but also burning her anew. "She has mentioned you. You've met her?" Castiel asked.
Also, freighter travel is really a thing, even today. And… after writing a whole day of it, I guess it really is boring because Cas and Dean just wanted to work and read. There goes that idea. (And I just finished SO MUCH RESEARCH ON IT TOO)
Castiel broke off, but Gabriel’s shoulder bumped against his in silent support.
Castiel, being centuries older, ignores the juvenile posturing. He grins lazily, gathering a light thread of power. “We won’t know if it’s true until we try. Here, this is the lightest I could filter. Try it again.”
Sam pulled away first with his eyes red and his face ‘mysteriously’ wet. She wiped his tears but didn’t mention them. Dean pressed a final kiss to her hairline.
“They’re quite good. I suggest you read them when you can.”
“You’re not going to trick me into talking about something else, again.” Dean laid his head back on the sofa and closed his eyes, maybe if he closed them, the headache this entire night had induced will go away.
,” Dean gasps, and it fills Castiel with warmth to see Dean want. Both of Dean’s hands have migrated to his newly-cut hair, tugging it as he arches his back and bites his lips. It always surprises Castiel of how touched starved Dean is and how he craves to be touched this way.
"Why can't you heal it?" Dean demands.
“Don’t want to get stuck getting out of the lot with all those cars, and Manny’s bus is gonna leave soon,” Dean complained. On the way to the car, they passed the building where the pies had been judged. Dean surreptitiously looked around and ordered Sam and Castiel to stand guard.
She took a step back from him, and there was a flash of anger in her eyes. "You are in a Heaven devoid of stars. You would think that the only beings here that would mean you harm are locked away and kept from you. What more do you need of me, Dean Winchester? Father made Heaven for souls; Aravoth especially was made for the righteous."
Sam gave him an epic bitch face and glanced at the dirty mirror to Dean’s right. “I just wanted to talk to you without Manny around.”
“We die like men!” Dean roars, sending shots into the hallway.
But also, when researching anything Heaven and Throne related, you will eventually stumble on
Dean slammed his fist against the rail one last time before slotting his arms out of the bars and resting his head against them. "Fuck."
“What did this—” John swept his hand over the bar and the tumblers of half-filled cocktails before he landed his eyes on Dean “—accomplish?”
Dr. Badass's translation of
Amazed, Dean hoarded this information along with everything else he learned: she believed in angels, she loved pie, and she smelled likes the roses from their neighbor’s garden. Dean remembered this because dad would bring home a rose for mom when he was away for a long time, and though she would complain about the expense, she always lit up like the fourth of July when he presented it with a flourish. Dean leaned on his dad’s arm, and he felt his dad stiffen at the contact, even as the man allowed it.
"This was selfish of me." Castiel hacked a cough. He hadn't thought he would reach such an old age. "I shouldn't have indulged in what was, in essence, a movie."
Castiel broke the stare. He didn’t have the right to these memories anymore.
“Mine,” they answered together. Dean glared at Sam, because what the heck?
"Brother," Michael acknowledged Castiel, choosing a familial bond, rather than rank. It set a lighter tone than what Castiel would have chosen for the encounter, but Michael was his superior, and this was his prerogative. "Have you found what you've been looking for?"
"If you mean that you think Michael escaped, then I will check," Castiel said in exasperation. He stepped towards the Tree to navigate his way towards the third circle but was stopped from going further by Gabriel's hand on his shoulder.
He wandered to the garage and stared at the Impala. He closed his eyes as he remembered the indifference he had heaped on her. He turned back to his room, grabbed the stereo with the mix and he blasted the music on high as he washed Baby, rubbing his hand against the chrome, apologizing for the months of neglect when he was a demon.
Once he straps the weapon, he fits on his cloak. There is no time like the present to use Castiel's lessons. Keeping in mind that he can only use one or two, he steels himself before utilizing "ZACAR."
"Look, I don't know what you're doing back at the CDC, but I do know that I am looking at nine mothers out of ten grieving in my ward. I talked to one of my old classmates the next county over, and she has the same problem on her hands." She stopped following the Coopers and took a good look at him. "Either we're incompetent, which I assure you, we're not, or there's an epidemic in our hands, in which case
accompanied by much smaller text of buy, sell, trade. When Castiel entered, the musty scent of old ink, paper, and glue greeted him. He inhaled deeply, immediately nostalgic.
“It’s a nesting pillow,” Castiel corrects him, sighing heavily while minutely shaking his head.
If there were a way to stop the blush that rose on his cheeks, he would have done so. He cleared his throat and shut the trunk. “No problem, Manny. Just hop in the back.”
There is a wingless griffin in the middle of their courtyard, flanked by two smaller winged ones. Dean would have panicked ages ago if Cas hadn't shown him his true form. As it was, he rushes down the steps to greet their guests and finds Castiel already attending to them.
Isn’t that another fact to be hopeful for? That there’s light in each other?
Castiel and the girl stood there for an inordinate amount of time before Gabriel finally said, "You were looking for your grace, Cas, here she is. What are you going to do about it?"
“Getting the take out ready,” Dean replied, looking pointedly at the half-made box in his hand.
“Jack’s your son,” Castiel growls, tying the robe around himself, his feathers ruffling. “You should show some concern.”
Finding his grace had always been about the abstract, of finding power pulsing and bright. It had never been about blue eyes and sentience. Castiel hadn't expected this girl at all, with her wonder and innocence.
"Did they send you here to test my faith?" Castiel whispered brokenly, and Dean noted that there was blood soaking through visible wings, and that clinched this being dreamland because he'd been in Heaven before and hadn't seen anything other than the shadow of the appendages.
Castiel blinked at the end of the tirade. He honestly thought Gabriel would go on for longer. “I’m sorry, Gabriel, but you lost me between me following orders and the fact that I don’t give ten flying pins.”
the launching of some new tech, and Sam urged Dean to attend.
Castiel and the reaper locked gazes as only immortals could with each other: patiently, endlessly, and without the need to blink. And because he had nothing to lose, Castiel asked in a voice that was filled with courage that he did not have: "Are you here to kill me?"
The tone has a strange quality. When Dean plucks the Opal again, a resonating hum vibrates within both his Red Jewel and his lighter Birthright Green. He didn’t have that with his mom when she taught him. Putting away the mystery for later, Dean ascends from the inner barriers of Jack’s mind. Finally, they are connected only through the hand that Dean is holding.
because of his friendship; he's needed because he's family,
Though the constant work on
There is a pregnant pause as everyone in the room watches Dean. He doesn't even realize that he is supposed to respond to that. "I don't have wings?" He offers weakly.
"I'd thank you kindly if you don't ruin my good work on your body by killing yourself attempting the climb. Suit yourself, though. I'll agonize over the amount of medicine I wasted on you."
Dean was up in his elbows with weapons deciding which ones he should bring. He didn't think he'd be needing them this time around when he hadn't needed it the first two times, but Lucifer had a way of getting under your skin, and the familiar cold steel was a comfort.
Kevin asked, looking at him in part-frustration and part-relief. Finally, he threw his hands up in the air and shot Sam a look that Castiel could not hope to decipher. "I give up. Talk to him. He's your brother's angel!"
It wasn't Ash' mullet hair and if Sam had died and gone straight to raise hell in Dean's heaven, then he'd be a moose in Dean's chair. But though this person was unexpected, there was something overly familiar about the dark curls and the eerily still reflection.
Sam’s already pouring his vegetable-fruit shake into a thick chunky tumbler. He insists it has all the essential nutrients and drinks it so he doesn’t feel guilty eating what Dean cooks. “Didn’t you want to finish cataloging the library with me, Cas? The governor advised going out singly anyway, and Dean’s practically volunteered.”
"Yes, yes, I know," Lucifer nodded in acknowledgment, swirling the goblet thoughtfully. "You do realize that you're missing the point of bargaining, yes? You named your price, and I've accommodated it, then I name my price so that we can reach for compromise. You cannot tell me no after I'm willing to listen to your plight."
“All of them?” Dean asked dubiously looking at the recipe—which called for 12 ounces—and at the blackberry pile—which looked like it could fill ten pies. “We could eat them with cream or something.”
When their Father made man in His likeness, He bade forth four angels to look for a suitable material that could hold His breath. His breath imbued man's soul, which was now safeguarded in the treasury.
Dean croaks, “May there be family always beside you.” It’s met with approving murmurs and resounding toasts.
you terrorized the tyke?"
“Yes, but who holds your primary controller ring, Cas?” Dean asks, pointedly looking at his groin.  “We need to get the Ring of Obedience off while one of the Queens holding it is out due to Jewel exhaustion, and we need to move
“Where to first?” Dean asked in awe. From where he stood in the afternoon sun, he could see names like ‘Zipper’ and ‘Bullet,’ and a massive one in a flaming font named ‘The Ring of Fire.’ The fairground was littered with colorful boards, sparkling under the sheen of tacky lights.
There was a moment as if the world held its breath, and then the branch gave a small undulation, a push against Dean's hand. Then the bark split open, layers upon layers peeling back to show its inner bark, the sapwood, and finally its innermost sheet.
The difficulty with an angel trying to decipher prophecy, especially with an angel like Castiel, was that prophecy was an allegory rather than written literally. It was the reason why prophets interpreted, because most angels could not.
Lucifer paused stroking his greater primaries, a ghost of a smile in his face. "You just make it so
Cas is leaving him alone in the house? Dean hasn't been alone in this house since he was injured. Even in the evenings, he has the griffin for company.
Cas hummed folding his fingers on top of his stomach and waited expectantly.
When he had told his parents he wanted to become a librarian, Luke had laughed at the request. His mother, Naomi, had unsubtly nudged him to take accounting as a course with heavy electives in business so he could
She stares at it uncomprehendingly for a few seconds before she forces out a laugh and taps Dean’s nose, Sam still resting in her arms.
Dean slowly brought up a hand, and it hovered in silent question. Before Castiel could form a response, Dean carefully touched the butterfly, nudging it towards his finger. Castiel looked disappointed but it was soon forgotten when Dean transferred the insect onto Castiel’s shoulder. It fluttered its wings and settled once more.
Balthazar’s whistles punctuate his grin as he moves to one side of the tree. He starts hacking on that end, and Castiel goes near the roots to chop that part.
Gabriel shot the angel who had spoken up a glare in warning, and the angel had swallowed the last syllables of the title before he continued.
Dean smiled despite his split and bloodied lip, eyes trained on Metatron and Gadreel as well before he said casually, "Care to open the Gates now, Mister Caretaker?"
Dean grinned and hollered over the noise, “this is great, huh?”
I wrote a non-handshake scene between Nathaniel and Castiel. Which is why,
Castiel’s brow furrowed as Raphael shook his head and rode on ahead. “Mikul—Dean, it’s Michael. Mikul is its phonetics, but it’s actually Michael-mas. Michael’s Mass. Sort of Like Christmas.”
Castiel looked at the bus in indecision.
Castiel must have nodded off down the long stretch of the Lincoln Highway. One moment he’d been watching the flat fields and uninteresting scenery in the relative quiet, the next Sam was speaking quietly to Dean, “you didn’t flirt with that guy.”
"I'm Tessa," she introduced herself, and once, it wouldn't have mattered to Castiel. Names were things that had power and most immortals never exchanged them with lesser beings. It was the humans, and their constant want to describe things, in their need to be individuals, who had needed names.
“Is there someone else?”
“Thanks, Cas! It
—any ideas on how to get those souls?"
Charis was one of the ancient words for grace. She hadn't given them a name, she had given them an epithet.
"Then at least we're not going through another Apocalypse," Castiel said in mild relief as they watched the souls drift peacefully towards the falls, infusing it with their bright light. Cas smiled ruefully. "Just something like it, then. I think I can handle 'something like it.' "
“He may be gruff and distant, but Castiel’s heart is always in the right place.”
He took a step after Castiel, but the man had already disappeared into the house.
Dean brings pillows to her feet. Pretending to nod off, he rests his eyes but keeps his ears open. He listens to the crickets as they call out while waiting for his mom to gather her thoughts.
exactly? And why do I need to get more souls? Other than the fact that going to the past requires significant mojo, added on to the fact that I can't properly recharge my batteries in Heaven…" Gabriel lifted a questioning eyebrow, straightening from his slumped position then looked at Leilah. "What
"Oh do
But then there are the sigil spells, you know drawn in blood and then written, and then invoked (gabriel's horn, the angel banishing spell). And then there are spells that are just chanted (enochain spells like Lucifer telling the gates to close) Or like the demon banishing ritual (which is actually a Latin banishing spell if you look at it one way, but is actually prayer forcing demons out).
"You can't tell me I'm not a prisoner if I can't
“Amy from my class said that she asked her dad for a pony this year,” Sam stated randomly, flopping on top of the sheets and staring at the ceiling. It was the first Dean’d heard of an Amy. Sam was usually talkative about school; he didn’t make lots of friends, the nature of kids who moved a lot, but he shared most of his days with Dean. So, Dean figured, this little tidbit was more about the request than the person.
"Have you ever burned a body? She will not be merely
Dean looked around the room. It was reminiscent of old hunts and the days of tirelessly looking for culprits, right down to the almost motel looking parking lot outside and the blinking vacancy sign that was about to be turned off as the morning light grew stronger.
Nothing.
“Tonight the Eve of Winsol, it is that of the holly that wins. The oak licks his wounds before they meet again on the longest day.” Hannah punctuates her stories by walking around, the fire exaggerating her shadows. “And so the oak retires for the next six months until it is his time once more to serve.”
“No cases online. Dean, you should drink water for that cough. Did you want me for anything?” Castiel asks curious as he stretches his back, cramped from the hour-long work in the library. Though the chairs are veritable antiques, wooden and are aesthetically pleasing, the library could use a more ergonomic design. Dean shakes his head, so Castiel turns to Sam. “We should continue with that catalog now that you removed all the pizza from your hair.”
Ysa watched silently as he brought his cupped hands over her head and let the water trickle down softly to bathe the flowers that her grandmother had given her.
Sam straightened in his seat and slowly closed his book, eyeing Dean curiously.
Castiel stayed on the bed, arm over his eyes. Mortification was written all over him. He pulled the covers over his head, and Dean chuckled as he sat up.
“No one seems to be following,” Dean says, trying to reassure Castiel.
Cas looked up from the oven and raised an eyebrow. “I’m reciting traditional words.”
Castiel wasn’t a fan of gambling, he preferred to hole up in his room with a book rather than going out. And even if he did have an opinion on the subject, he wasn’t sure how long he would be tagging along with the brothers’ adventures. It made him feel like he didn’t have a right to influence them on their route.
Too soon, Pilcher Park was closed, and he was driving back, content with the constant zing of connection when he was alone with Castiel.
Dean thought as he approached the Tree of Life. He held out his hand to the Tree's branches, its bright light blinding him, before requesting, "Dial me seventh heaven."
“Always the quiet one, aren’t you? You’re going to miss out.”
Dean tried half-heartedly to argue for a casino visit again, but with Sam’s adamant refusal, they continued on their trip.
I apologize for Dean's memory with regard to the Spell. I've tried very hard to show in the fic that Dean and his memories of his death, up to and including the Spell, is very choppy at most. So there were memories that were about the Spell that he obviously knew, and then he suddenly doesn't know and all that.
He circles the trap, noting that it isn't broken, but some sort of skirmish happened in its vicinity. The hood thrums with the remnants of magic that was used in the area, and there are signs of a violent disturbance in the forest floor. Its first layer of leaf litter swept aside in some places like a howling wind has blown them away, and in others, burned to a charred black to show the soil underneath. In the middle of the circle, another lone black feather, singed at the edges.
“I’m not a charity case!” Dean said indignantly, swiping the bag with the hand that wasn’t holding the phone. Becky just gave him a giggle. A giggle. What was this girl, twelve? Dean sighs and then looks at the bag, now that he actually has the number he looks at it indecisively. The look of Becky's eager face decides it for him though, and he shoves his cellphone back into his pocket and grumbles all the way to his car.
Castiel smiles, pleased, and offers the remaining two slices to Jack and Sam, who agree with the assessment. They eat and talk with mild teasing until they’re heavy with food and warm from each other’s company.
Cas's prayer to Dean at his headstone was
Castiel noted Captain Lafitte’s term for the country. While everyone who lived on the islands called it Stava Istana, the world referred to them as Bermuda. Stavans accepted the exonym. If his accent hadn’t marked Captain Lafitte as a foreigner, calling Stava ‘Bermuda’ did.
To be denounced by your own kind hurt. Castiel hadn't known that he'd wanted to belong so badly until he'd been faced with the truth of the matter. He was an outcast and an angel's cornerstone was the feeling of belonging. It was why angels cut off from the Song perished. "I did not come here to talk about me."
HURLEYVILLE, NEW YORK 1995
"He is mortal, my son. You will pine for the rest of your days when he leaves."
“So, this is it. Your bus stop,” Dean stated the obvious while looking anywhere but at Castiel. “I got you in just in time for your 8:50 ride.”
His dad escorts Dean inside the Sanctuary as his witness. He stands in the looming presence of the Dark Altar and holds his dad’s hand as the Priestess officiates.
“Dude, are you asking me to the prom?” Dean asked opening one eye to look at Cas. Castiel brought a hand at the back of his head and looked at Dean sheepishly. An angelic prom equivalent, really? “Sure, why not? I’m not wearing a suit though.”
"Gabriel… I can't kill her," Castiel protested in dismay.
“Caelum isn’t tipping country. You don’t
“Oh, now you’re talking,” Dean said shaking his head before he could say anything more on the matter he was interrupted by biting something hard on the pie. He spat it out on a piece of napkin looking at what looked like an iron ring, “Dude, what did you put in this pie? I thought I supervised you the entire time! I almost broke my tooth.”
She raised her eyes to meet Dean's, and she held up a book in her hands. Unlike most of her books, it was printed in legal sized bond paper, bound together with a soft glossy finish and covered with more cartoonish pictures than had been on the first published works. "Instant download and print from the web on my side of the world.
Castiel didn’t focus on the words, just the tone and hid from his brother’s scrutiny. Castiel knew what he looked like, he’d lost weight and his shirt hung loosely on his shoulders, and while he’d never been buff he had taken the time for appearances. Now he had a few day’s worth of scruff and dark circles under his eyes. “Gabriel, when did you arrive?”
Castiel tries to pull back his hand, but Dean’s grip is firm, and he isn’t letting go. “What do you mean? I’m a Sapphire. I—”
They let themselves be jostled along with the crowd of people flowing towards the grandstand. The background of music and cheers distracted the brothers from squabbling. It interested Dean enough to buy tickets to join in the periphery. The stage was too far away to see properly, but huge holoEngines hung everywhere, projecting large 3-dimensional figures of the band every few meters. It felt as if the band was performing beside them.
Behind the ticket line, Dean glanced at Manny and their fingers before they locked gazes with each other. Manny seemed to be immune from all the tension, but Dean wasn’t. Before he did anything he might regret, Sam yelled something at them from his position in the line. Thankfully, it looked like this one was fast-moving.
He stared blankly at the rows and rows of the books that the Men of Letters had collected through the ages, at a loss. He'd read most things about angels that the bunker had to offer ages ago, and he'd reread most of them since deciding to hunt Metatron, (and seriously, would he never run out of angels to hunt? Because he honestly thought Lucifer had been kind of a last end-all, be-all thing.)
Castiel had a bad feeling about how Gabriel was looking at the wings and at him. This was confirmed when Gabriel said, “This is my little brother Castiel, the one who made Polaris. Let’s all wish him a happy birthday!”
Gabriel had known he was in Las Vegas and had offered to pick him up yesterday. Castiel simply needed to find a place to stay until his brother found him. That should be easy to do in the city that never sleeps
Maybe she was scared that without Dean, Dad would focus on Sam instead. And Dean knew that Sam wanted to start on that college degree of his.
incident will fix itself?" Kevin asked incredulously, because hunters didn't just sit down and wait for things to get better. They were not an inactive set of people in principle.
Dean laid a reassuring hand on Ysa's shoulder and led her to the water's edge, on a natural rock formation that was no harder on the knees than a church pew. He helped Ysa kneel, hands folded in prayer, before he turned back to the falls and cupped his hands to catch some water from it.
Nathaniel turned to Castiel, projecting irritation and disdain. The former because someone as lowly as a human hunter would dare address him and the latter because Castiel was just that—human. "And what would you do with this information that you're trying to find?"
When Sam straightens, he is already examining the flowers, nodding. “So get this, if they don’t find the sun, they face each other.”
"Okay. I'll call Sam on the way, all right?" Kevin said as he stood up to get his coat. "He'll worry if he drops by and we're not in the bunker… especially if he finds out that we have a case and we didn't tell him."
“They say if you fall asleep cuddling, you see each other in your dreams,” Dean slurs into his pillow.
"There is a way to invite them back in," Michael said slowly, eyes on Dean. "The Throne has a caretaker, just as the Garden has—
Castiel senses the Sapphire shields, both Michaela’s and Lucian’s, snapping into place around the central compound. All the eyrie inhabitants have been herded towards the communal eyrie. It’s where they’re put to work with preparing for a long-term siege.
“There was nothing bad with the Diestel sausages, Dean,” Sam points out, a wide, mischievous grin breaking from his face.
Castiel reevaluated. He
He hadn’t realized that it would be this exquisite, their joining, no matter that it was just hands and lips and grinding against each other. Castiel tipped them both over, tumbling into the bed that was cramped enough for Dean alone.
“Eryiens in the camp, we all learn to fight with the sticks, but Craft isn’t a priority even if we use it to fly. It’s more instinct than it is in Hayll.” Dean is unsure how the Eryien hunting camps get formal Craft lessons. In Hayll, his father told him it’s easier for an aristo because of private tutors. In Kaeleer they teach Craft in schools. “When Lady Michaela visited, a broken Black Widow taking care of me grabbed Prince Schyreleah. She told him I was Blood and should have a tutor.
“Do you still not want me in your bed, Prince?” Castiel asks between breaths.
"Michael holds all of Heaven's keys, and you need the one to Aravoth to enter the last gate. That's why you're in Zebhul," Castiel murmured. "The key you're looking for should be in the Moon's Gate, across the plains from the Altar, past the 150,000 angels of the garrison training under his tutelage during the day, and the twelve winged angels circling the sun."
Dean runs his hand through his hair, frustrated at the turn of events. Now isn’t the time to realize that he wants to do something about the attraction that’s been simmering between him and Cas. He couldn’t wait to go home, see Sam again, and breathe in the air from Kaeleer. There would be time when they were all safe.
"Oh, dude, no. Michael's things are all on the other side of the city of gold? Just great."
John held his gaze when he dropped the news, “Dean, you’re engaged to Castiel Novak.”
"Well I'm not exactly
The angel rested his back against the trunk of the Tree of Life and gave over to sleep. In the space of time between sleeping and waking, where all things make sense, Castiel realized the actual question that Michael had been asking of him:
“Is it? Have you tried being under Lady Lucian’s tender care?”
Dean drove them down to the Market and Deli then parked inside the lot. He clambered out while Castiel scrambled with his suitcase, the etched tree on the copper reflecting in the light. They took in the deli and the sign proclaiming the cost of double-smoked off ham on the board. From the outside, Castiel saw the red booths where diners were eating.
“It’s kinda frustrating to find anything up there,” Dean grumbles under his breath, his arm crossed against his chest, leaning against the table.
Dean choked. He didn’t want to think about what they’d done last night. Not if that had been the last.
Deen kneels to look at Jack properly, to see the boy is ashen, his wings and lip quivering. Turning Jack towards his chest, so he wasn’t facing the Jhinka, Dean grips the boy’s shoulders. He gives Jack a tight hug. “Hey, it’s your first Jhinka raid, right? Are you going to brag to Prince Ishim that you got here before he did?”
Dean counted down the seconds before he began to hear slow steps come toward him.
“We’re looking for a wide and tall oak. One that could burn through the remaining days of Winsol,” Castiel answers patiently. “Preferably one that’s previously been felled.”
Sam relinquishes his hold on it as Dean fishes a Swiss knife from his pocket and opens the package with shining eyes. He rubs his hands together before retrieving four plastic guns, almost offensive in its bright orange and blue. The rest of the box is filled with bullets of blue foam-tipped with soft orange plastic.
“Did we get rooms close to each other?” Sam asked Manny once he got his own key.
“Oh yeah, yeah. I’ve always wanted to vacation in Bermuda,” Becky babbled on, her attention already drifting. She bagged the book and gave him the receipt. “Anyway, if you need books for your NovaWatch, you can direct download from our server here or just use the NVCode on your receipt. Have a nice day!”
Castiel blinked rapidly, trying to will the scene in front of him to change, but Dean and the woman were still entwined together. Had Castiel thought walking away had been difficult? This was a hundred times worse. Having confirmation that he’d just been a passing moment in Dean Winchester’s life threatened to have all the bile in his stomach regurgitate.
Dean thanked Castiel with kisses and memories made. He gripped Castiel’s hip tightly while he laid kisses over his thighs, never breaking eye contact between them. Castiel’s cock twitched insistently in front of his face, trying to gain attention. Dean licked a stripe up the prominent vein on its underside, causing the fist in his hair to tighten, tugging as the man rocked forward.
With those words, Castiel approached to touch the Righteous Man and pulled, pulled him towards the bright light that was the Hell Gate. The angel did not need to go through all the circles of Hell now that he had found his charge. The malakh bypassed Hell's levels by flying straight up. He was a comet reaching for a sun. Castiel enveloped the Righteous Man's soul in his grace while the Righteous Man shouted and struggled to break free of the angel's hold.
he stay in the bunker??
As if on cue, Gabriel appeared, sitting in front of Dean with a grimace and swiping one of the many bottles of beer off Dean's table and said, "Don't offer him that. Don't."
Thank you, Lucifer, for bringing in more reason to be distrustful in Heaven. There was nothing in Charis that screamed death and destruction, but Dean's human senses had been wrong before. Lilith had occupied a child when Dean first saw her.
One of the angels gave all the angels on the head table daisies. Something that confounded Dean until Cas, noticing that the humans at the table didn’t receive flowers chose a large red daisy and handed it over to Dean. “The Michaelmas daisy is the last blooming flower during the time when most of the gardens are coming to their winter sleep. It’s a symbol of fighting the darkness.”
Dean continued to explore the room when they left.
Being several feet off the ground and near the beak of an enormous large mythical creature scares the child. He wriggles out of his clothes to drop shirtless to the forest floor. The griffin tips its massive claw and covers the boy with it so that he won't escape before giving Dean a meaningful look. Well, as significant a look that a giant bird can give anyway.
when Ben came into the garage with his stool to help with the truck. By the time Ben was set up to learn about oil changes, the pop beat of
“Cas!” Dean shouts, rolling Castiel over to safety while inspecting the damage. The Nerf darts hit Castiel’s chest (they’d put little chalk markers on the rubber to make sure they know where they hit). “You took a bullet for me!”
“Spoiled, I guess—been a ship brat most of my life. But damned fine view, right?”
"I've been tracking that witch since she built her hut in these forests," the dark-haired man growls. He furrows his brows, then looks towards the silver ashwood that litters the surrounding lands. "She's been wily in keeping herself hidden from me, but during her last hunt we crossed paths, and I managed to set her back. I've fought with other creatures here, but I have yet to see her."
"Does this mean you will settle down and marry one lioness in the Eyrie? Hannah has been asking after you."
remake."
"But what about Hannah?"
"If I were a bad-ass angel, where would I keep my precious?" Dean muttered as he approached Michael's utilitarian desk. On it was an inkwell made of brass and a quill that glowed in the evening light. Its vane was a deep emerald-green, but fiery and curled at the edges. Dean was not going to touch that because it might actually be Michael's feather, and that was eerie enough, thank you very much. Beside the pen and parchment, there was a small bowl of pewter where Dean found a key whose wire bow held two shanks, one end shorter than the other. "Arch-dick has the key to the Dead Man's Chest, huh? Awesome."
“I’m not taking any chances,” Castiel growls as he takes wing going through the bathing rooms wide arches and bypassing the main doors, exiting through the balcony.
There'll be peace when you were done? Bull. There wasn't any
However, there was a pall here, something that he Castiel did not expect in an area where there was usually much to rejoice about. He leaned against the glass and noted the empty nursery, which he supposed was what kept the wing lifeless. There was no wail of a newly born child, there was no cooing of relatives getting to know the newest addition of the family. In fact, the wing felt like it was in mourning.
"Gen—"
Castiel's eyebrows furrowed, because other than training in the fourth circle of Heaven and the prisons in the second, there wasn't much that screamed "military barracks" in Heaven. Naomi's office certainly looked similar to this, and that was mostly in the second circle as well. "We did not undergo drills like your military; we did not need to repeat maneuvers every day to ingrain them in muscle and mind."
"The Final Sign," Kevin finished, because he was truly a Prophet of the Lord, in whatever capacity that seemed to fit at the moment. The prophet's knowledge would have been more complete had he been allowed to retire in the desert to listen to God's Word. Instead, Kevin was receiving his knowledge in bits and pieces, heavily relying on whatever prophecy was needed at the moment. "We are getting tons of dead infants, Cas. I don't see any other signs
section to ask if they had any stocks left before settling on buying Charlie’s rec
"Dude, last night on earth shouldn't be spent staring at nothing," Dean said, opening the door in invitation. The last creaks of the house were settling over them, most of the occupants already finding their place for the night. Dean trusted that Sam saved him his usual spot.
"Yeah, okay, you got a deal." The words still left a sour taste in Dean's mouth. "I promise to get reincarnated as your next vessel
Whispered disbelief starts with the males around Castiel, the noise growing as the news travels. The Jhinka is a relentless horde, and their raiding parties, though without Jewels, could give a single fighter trouble. It’s why the priority had been to secure the compound first and look for survivors later. Jhinka could hold a siege waiting for all their Jewels to run out of strength.
When he wakes up, the pet guardian is long gone. Dean regards Castiel, who is putting out the fire and moving around doing whatever mage-y things that need attending, which thankfully, includes breakfast.
He puts away thoughts of the Queen and places an order for a hot chocolate and warm tea. The proprietor agrees to lend him the cups when he learns he is Lady Lucian’s escort.
Gabriel and Castiel had deposited Leilah back to her garrison and left Kevin back in the bunker because infiltrating Heaven while it was highly antagonistic was not part of either Kevin or Leilah's skill set. Besides, Kevin was alive, and it took a rare soul to arrive in Heaven without being dead.
bloodred flowers, with black throats and black-tipped petals that bloom from the first breath of spring to the last sigh of autumn. Grows only where a witch's blood had been spilled violently or where a witch who met a violent death was buried. Used by Black Widows to create an almost undetectable poison.
Gabriel shook his head, momentarily lost in thought. He gave Castiel a rueful smile.
Castiel's vision swam; he was alone, facing Raphael. Castiel was still staring on the Throne atop the Tree of Life; Raphael was there, all the powers of Heaven at his disposal. It was before the Leviathan, before Purgatory, before the purge of Raphael's followers but after the oldest of them was locked in the Cage. The weapons forged by Virgil blocked Castiel's view. "This is Father's seat, from where He ruled, will rule again," Raphael said his blade shining, its tip pointed towards Castiel. "It is to be kept pure. Has its caretaker ever been up to the task?" Castiel remembered this before he was sent out, before the skirmishes with Raphael that seemed never to end.
It would give him some form of anonymity to change his codes. Castiel could perform the switch, but he hadn’t the terminal or the equipment to do it.
“Jack doesn’t descend to the Darkness as we do. He doesn’t absorb the Darkness’ power,” Castiel whispers, rubbing his chin against the boy’s head. “He reflects the Light.”
It reminded Castiel when he ran into Dean and Sam at the forecastle of NISC Twelve and later with Dean alone at the sunrise. There was a twinge of guilt when he hadn’t disclosed his real name to them. The brothers invited him to their car and their company, but he just couldn’t risk Michael finding him prematurely. He didn’t even want to examine the emotion he felt when Dean had openly flirted with the receptionist at the motel.
"We are not simply in Heaven; the Cage is a construct in itself so we cannot be removed from it by just barring all angels from Heaven," Michael explained absent-mindedly as he eyed Lucifer in his laughter. He turned back to Dean. "A dominion, a virtue, and a seraph. It seems it might be true that no angels remain in Heaven. What I do not understand is why you came to the Cage with this news."
He grows up, He relearns."
They reached New York Harbor in the afternoon of their three-day trip. The city’s air was different. Heavier, richer. The sea still dominated, but the heavy feeling of water vapor from the engines was a welcome surprise.
"Uh, are your wings hidden?" Dean blurts out at the tableau. Uncomfortable situations made him babble. Great. Good to know.
“We’re not going back to the Ark,” Dean said, as he pushed up his sleeves. He needed to get air, and the ever-present scent of beer was not helping.
Dean shook his head; anything Bobby related at this point would just be visiting family, and there was time enough for that later, when they had gotten what they'd come for. "You sure this girl—Ysa—wants out?"
Whatever else Dean was about to say was interrupted by Castiel noticing one of the figures on the side of the bar, masked and caped and out of place in Castiel's axis mundi. Castiel had left Dean alone rambling about one-night stands and trying to get Cas to hook up with one of the girls in the bar. The night had devolved into what Cas would remember as him becoming pretty wasted before he'd had to search for his own way: contacting Muriel, being tortured, followed by fighting his way out of Malachi's captivity.
Luke found Castiel before he could hide behind the safety of food, or someone suitable to pretend to dance with. His brother wore a crisp, white, three-piece suit, with a single full blooming rose in his pocket and a blood-red cravat to match. Castiel should have evaded Luke when he first smelled the bergamot and jasmine concoction that followed his brother around like a cloud. Frankly, it was off-putting and radiated ‘rich tropical assbutt.’
Metatron chuckled. "Got on your nerve there, Dean, didn't I? Stop trying to get into Aravoth, or I'm going to get my second-in-command to hunt your brother and angel down. Your brother has stopped hunting. He's probably dumbed down now. And your angel? He's human now. It's going to be delightfully easy to pluck his wings."
When he eventually knocked on the door to their room and a grumbling Sam opened it, Dean held up his goodies. Sam looked at them before his lips twitched to return a reluctant smile.
Dean,” Castiel whispers.
Cain clapped Castiel on the back, his blue eyes crinkled at Castiel’s animated babbling.
Dad noticed Dean standing unsurely by the doorway, his eyes narrowing at the boy then looking at the time. Dean looked at his dad sheepishly, realizing that he’d planned the entire break-out-of-school poorly and that dad would’ve known. He rushed to sit beside his dad, but Dad’s hand clamped tightly on his shoulder before Dean could make any sudden movements, once he was close enough. With a significant glance towards Sammy, his dad released Dean and put down the cassette with the rest of the tapes in the box.
Sobbing, Jack runs towards Castiel, hugging his back. It helps Castiel step away from the killing edge. Castiel takes a ragged breath and assesses his strength.
A rustling in the thicket alerts him to the disturbance in the woods, and between two bent trees, a cloaked woman with a struggling child emerges. The woman is dragging the boy across the underbrush, cursing loudly while the child uses all his strength to pull against her.
Jack interrupts Castiel with a strangled groan.
A handful of aristos and District Queens loiter in the calm snow-covered grounds. Michaela is represented by chosen First Circle and Second Circle males. Dean is the only Third Circle, sent because he saved Jack from the Jhinka. Michaela stayed behind in the eyrie to welcome them when they returned.
"There are what, a billion souls out here?" Dean asked, trying to wrap his head around the logistics.
Balthazar took one look at Castiel—his red-rimmed eyes, the skewed tie, the loose overcoat—and commanded everyone out. The soft music that was coming from the sound system abruptly stopped as there was a mass exodus of bodies. “Oh, Cassie, what’s going on?”
She brought Castiel on the third day. It was barely a fever dream in Balthazar’s mind. Of a psychic scent so potent and beloved, that he could only whimper and reach his hand in supplication. Castiel drew back from Balthazar in horror, as Michaela’s wishes dawned on him. Balthazar’s lack of choice is all too clear, but Balthazar saw only Castiel’s rejection and keened.
The Priestess waits for them to finish politely, a rueful smile on her face. She hands the Jewel over with gravitas and warns, “Take care not to descend too fast. We don’t know your caste yet but it’s better to hear this while you don’t have bad habits yet. Warlord Princes have the tendency to perform reckless dives because of their killing edge and it’s my duty to warn you about it. If you break your webs, you will shatter your Jewel.”
"I see why you've been missing your summons, my son," Queen Naomi rebukes.
Cas shakes his head at Dean. "Trust me, I've seen a witch survive even a hunter's burial. Put rocks into her stomach and sink it in the river."
if you're looking for the otherway around like Dean grieving Cas's death (imagine pre-season 10), then the best fic that I found for that has already been written by museaway
His laugh petered out to rasping breaths, and he straightened himself out. All the while, Cas had a small not-smile on his face. If Dean could put a word to it, he'd call it fondness; he was growing on the angel.
“Welcome aboard, brother,” Benny said with a grin. Dean laughed and gave him a quick hug with two hard thumps on the back.
John takes his time with his jacket, hanging it. He turns over the idea slowly, despite Mary fretting over the announcement.
I was actually really confused on how to label this, I was going back and forth if I should just present this to the Supernatural big bang or the Dean/Cas big bang, because it's a whole lot of gen and I was panicked that a lot of the Deancasbigbang were looking for romance. But then SPN was mostly a J2 big bang sooo... I decided to go DCBB and I hope no one was too disappointed that it wasn't romance.
Castiel woke up to the rolling of his bed. It was a working vessel, so, unlike a cruise ship, there were few to no stabilizers. Thankfully, he wasn’t prone to seasickness.
“It’s money, Dean,” Castiel said in exasperation. “Rightfully earned.”
The scent of freshly ground beans kick-started his day, and he headed back towards their cabin. He quietly entered the room and put the coffee on the end table beside the bunk.
Dean’s pizza is unsurprising in its meaty load of burger pieces, bacon crumbles, and Italian sausages. Sam’s had spinach, arugula, tomatoes, mushrooms, and brie. Jack keeps it simple with four different types of cheese.
Guests besieged them, populating round tables that dotted the ballroom. Each one was fitted with expensive cloth, topped with lamps arranged next to the household’s best china. Even the porcelain was tipped with golden edges. The clinking of the champagne glasses accented the low buzz of conversation.
Dean’s eyes were drawn to the thousands of shipping containers. His ears picked up the phantom sound of the cranes whirring. Behind him, Sam was taking in the crates and the bustle of the port. That’ll wake him up from his dozing on the train.
“Whaddya mean?” he asked, even though he knew exactly what Sam was implying.
"You're in Heaven's prison cells," Lucifer corrected him, that slight smile of condescension lingering on his lips. "Raki'a has been known for housing monsters."
"I could never understand what you see in
Castiel looks at him in assessment before asking, "So will he bring you down before or after he eats you?"
Castiel thought as he panned the borrowed binoculars over the sea to watch for whales, porpoise, or flying fish. The weather had been perfect for it, with white clouds gathering since just after dawn to block out the sun and a light breeze to offset the humidity. So Castiel had climbed up the forecastle to hunt for some nature.
That was clearly addressed to Dean, but the last time he'd come visiting, he'd started a fight about Aravoth. He wasn't looking forward to another. "It's moving along."
At that Lucifer stopped laughing, blinked out of existence, and reappeared in front of Dean, blocking Michael from view. The only things separating Dean and Lucifer were the bars of the Cage in its ethereal light. "Why would a Prince of Heaven lower himself to do your bidding?"
“Hey, Manny.” Sam held out his hand to shake in the Stavan way, full forearm out, palm to elbow.
Leilah, sensing Castiel's gaze, reached for him and squeezed his hand in small comfort. She had been a rather motherly angel even before the Fall, and their Father had tasked her with watching the babies while they were still in the womb. Gabriel's duty had involved bestowing each soul to its respective child, while Leilah's work had involved guarding the soul while it germinated in the womb. Leilah was the storyteller who first told the child about their Father.
holoEngines that projected the night sky onto the walls and the ceilings dotted the walk. The auditorium was no less grand. It was already filled with people who’d been waiting to hear about the launching of Polaris.
“Your father has it in his head that you’ll get purpose once you marry.” Dean scoffed while Mary patted the back of his fingers. “It doesn’t hurt that the merger will send a good number of contracts our way.”
"The angel pretending to be Ezekiel… the rogue Gadreel, you mean?" Cas asked, although if Dean never heard the name again, it would still be too soon. 'Ezekiel' trying to kill Kevin had been sudden, and thankfully, unsuccessful. The mere fact that Ezekiel had done so after he found his old vessel and attempted more than once meant that Kevin being dead was important to him. "We strengthened angel wards around Kevin's rooms. Many say Gadreel has been spotted at Metatron's side—he may have attempted to attack a few more times, but Kevin and I have been looking out for each other."
are important to
He clenched his jaw and balled his hand into a fist when two sharp raps at his door came because it was either one of two people. Sam, who would try to appease his anger or Cas, who would try to apologize of all things. As if an apology could fix the months of anxiety during which they'd received zero feedback from the angel.
the most intimate companions of a Queen's court. The higher the circle, the less direct contact with the Queen. Blood females may serve in the First Circle, but to form a court, a Queen needs twelve Blood males to serve. (see Court)
Abandoned on the field were various weapons, and Dean knew that when they had been kicked out, the angels had been in their usual routine. But also there were instruments for their never-ending song. Cymbals, organs, and an occasional harp lay on the ground.
"Uh-uh." Dean said before continuing on with, "do you know how much
“Castiel!” Luke clapped his brother’s shoulder; on his other arm was one of his many adoring ladies. Castiel hasn’t bothered to remember their names since Luke introduced a new one every week. At his heels were business associates of the Novak Empire, seeking to bask for a few minutes in Luke’s shining light. Conversation stopped as they passed, trying to listen to what they had to say. “I thought we were doing this without you.”
if you do.
He drifted off to sleep with the chorus repeating itself over and over, and the cassette proceeded to record the next songs onto the track.
Because they are long-lived, it is almost easy to forget that Castiel is still very young. At 700, he has barely left his adolescence behind and is entering the prime of his adulthood.
“Yup.” Benny scratched his beard. “Show Sam where he needs to go, then get your heads down for an hour. It’ll be a bitch gettin’ you up in the mornin’, and you’re gonna be workin’ your asses off. It ain’t no free ride for you, brother,” he said with a laugh shared by Dean. “Get some clothes from lost and found. Y’all won’t fit in like that,” he commented as an afterthought.
Once inside, he led them to a trailer with a car being winched off, metal ramps rattling under its weight.
“Dean! Dean!” Jack waves over, bouncing from foot to foot. “I found Jupiter!”
“Where are
The entirety of side one was mostly Dean’s life reflected before the police had sent him to Sonny’s and therefore before he’d met Robin. He started out with
"It's the seventh," Castiel answered distractedly. Seven was the holy number. He should not have had to teach the prophet this; it was something that prophets with training were supposed to know. "Seven is the central figure of quantities, especially in
- governed by the Archangel Michael
| Green | Sapphire | Red | Gray | Ebon-gray | Black
Sam cleared his throat, turned around in his seat, and asked roughly, “You’re not a criminal, are you?”
Castiel was always in awe of the prophet, whose name he'd known since he was created. He wished that Kevin had been protected more from the leviathans and the demons, even the angel possessing Sam that had tried to kill the prophet. Castiel had been thankful for the fact that the sigil Kevin had come up with for Sam to resurface had worked in suppressing 'Ezekiel' when he found out about it.
"What if you forget about me? What if my food runs out? There isn't exactly an easy way off the mountain. And what about the griffin?"
"Will you join me for a midnight snack, then?" Castiel asked. Because he was more than willing to be tenacious when the task called for it. "I have brought eggs and rice."
"But how was I gonna check the weird magic in it?" Gabriel complains again.
“I don’t think Sam or Jack would appreciate eating off you, Dean.”
Sam almost choked on his mead. Gabriel laughed, and Raphael snorted. Castiel gave out a small, “Oh.”
"The Winchesters have talked about the time that they remembered their heaven with me at one point or the other," Castiel affirmed. "Can you get me to the Cage?"
“Dean?”
“Obtaining a horse in Heaven does not construe as me killing you,” Castiel clarified.
"Despite circumstances outside of the Cage, my brother would not kill me here." Lucifer transferred his chin from one crook of the neck to Michael's other one, his other arm draping across the shoulder he'd just abandoned. "Death outside of the Cage is the prevention of the Apocalypse, the triumph of good over evil. Death in the Cage is meaningless. And Michael does nothing as petty as
Sure enough, after a few minutes of silence, she repeats her vision: A jess hooked on a leash around a raven; the light sheltered by the dark and her males protecting its core; blood from a well, bursting out like a geyser, but it slowed when the raven roosted there and stopped completely with a nestling. Finally, she whispers: death in a fire and a court served with people with wings.
Joshua frowned as if mentally reviewing recent events and then shook his head quickly. "I have heard the parishioners mourning over an unborn child, but I was unaware that it could be called an upsurge." For all that angels were on the Earth, they still lacked the basic human empathy needed to interact with humans. Maybe this issue had been deemed unworthy in the angel's eyes.
There was a moment of stunned silence before Gabriel corrected, “‘Damn’ or ‘Fuck,’ Cassie. If you’re going to run away, at least have the proper fucking vocabulary to go with it.”
He usually wouldn’t be so cold, but
dead than he was at the moment, and whatever Metatron was saying wasn't as important as trying to stay conscious and moving.
Castiel straightened from his seat, patting his bag. “Didn’t like my family, left Stava to breathe. They’re probably looking for me, though, as they’re control freaks.”
am taking the big picture very well," Castiel muttered. Anger was starting to pierce through Castiel. If archangels were never going to die, then what had been the point of the entire Apocalypse in the first place? "If Michael was going to live after his death, it was pointless."
The three didn’t fight about Stanford again, but they didn’t talk about it either. Instead, they filled their days chasing the finish line but dragging their feet to get there.
“Sure! Where should I place this tho? It’s really cool. I haven’t seen anything like it,” Dean enthuses as he throws the bowl from palm to palm like a small ball. He is deft with his hands and Castiel suspects that Dean knows how to juggle. It doesn’t stop Castiel from darting his eyes towards the globe and twisting a ring that wasn’t there. He goes over the possibility of the glass falling and breaking and doesn’t like the results.
"Did you see? Did you see?"
They’d gotten a full tune-up before they left Singer Salvage
Reality came crashing down on him when he realized that no, there wasn't another set; the memory didn't give him the means to ascend and descend the heavens with a real set. This was his axis mundi, and these were memories: Castiel's vision of his identity. Castiel identified with the vessel Jimmy Novak so strongly that he'd been given Jimmy's form and Castiel had, for the longest time, been a malakh; therefore axis had given him a malakh's grace while inside the axis.
Oh hell, yes, he’d never forget this moment.
Sam’s squawk of terror made Dean laugh all over again.
Manny rapped his knuckles against the wooden table to get the man’s attention, startling the guy. “I need either a new GRACE network code or to be completely cut off by it. Or can you unlock my NovaWatch and hook it to a provider other than TelNovaCorp? That would be better still.”
Castiel, who’d settled for a piece of cheese, asked, “So, was it worth it?”
"I was Constantine's ride here," Gabriel explained nodding towards Castiel, although Gabriel's back was to the angel, Gabriel had known where to point. Castiel still hadn't noticed Gabriel's presence, either through Gabriel masking himself or because Ellen and Jo had Cas' complete attention. "Once you finished your little spell, this manifestation could travel a little farther than Vilon, so thank you for that. Still can't get beyond Shehaqim though."
A hush falls over the general din as they take in the District Queen’s appearance. Lucian is wearing a deep blue gown trimmed with lace and heavily embroidered with feathers. Her brown curls are pulled up with a few wisps framing her face, with her Sapphire Jewels littering her coiffure, and her leathery wings shine with her favorite oils.
Jack’s wings are relieved of tension, and they lay flat on his side. Castiel didn’t understand how Jack could be so complacent. But then, the child didn’t yet realize what servicing meant.  Castiel bows to Michaela in acknowledgment. She dismisses him with a wave, and he goes to where they took the Prince to heal.
the snooty neighborhood to boot. Damn, I should have asked you to pay for all our rooms.”
“And trade one court for another unknown?” Castiel pulls away, taking the heat with him. “I’d rather drink the poison I know.”
Dean felt offended, yeah, he had been beaten close to death, but seriously, he could handle his own fights, thank you very much. Just because Metatron was a boss and was above his weight class, it didn't mean squat.
know?
“The lady must really love you,” Dean says, appreciating the artwork. It’s cut from solid marble, its wings flared up and offered to the skies.
The Wayward Sisters continued to play, but Dean worried for the time to Manny’s steam bus, so he ushered both Sam and Castiel away from the grandstand.
Because of the structure of Enochian and their different accents, Dean sometimes pronounces words differently. Castiel either lets it slide or corrects him depending on the meaning. Dean doesn't know how "grow" has any connection with healing, but the mage meanders before getting to his point from time to time. He helps Dean remove the sheet, before the hunter sinks his fingers into the hay through the feathers, grasping the scratchy twigs. "UGEG."
“What do you mean?” Sam asked innocently as he began to clean up Dean’s trash.
“I’ll stay here,” Sam said as Dean took the pilot lighter. Dean grunted at him and left out the door, shutting it softly.
“I know you say you came up here to escape your engagement. But you knew Michael would search for you anyway and that he was gonna end up finding you because Michael is like a hound on a trail. So why come all this way?”
“I have a friend on the webs, Jaenelle. She visited me when we were younger, and we tried to learn Craft together,” Jack confesses in hushed tones, alerting Dean that this was something that the boy has rarely shared. “She had to say goodbye because she promised someone else that she would never go traveling around Terreille again.”
He bid Castiel stand before the gates of bronze, the seventh doorway. He became guardsman with his brother, Dumiel, before the final heaven. There, in his hand, a sword lay unsheathed. Its light and blade would blind those who were not worthy to stand before King and Throne. His Father ordered him to wait until the angel was called again for a higher purpose.
Castiel had lost the ability to hear prayers when he'd been divested of his grace, so this prayer, solemn an urgent, had been missed until Gabriel gifted it. Gabriel raised an eyebrow. "Was that enough of an absolution for you? He forgave you long before you asked for it, Cas. Stop punishing yourself."
Then he had given Castiel a razor and laid out an entire set of clothes. It included a ruffled shirt, a black double-breasted vest, and even socks and underwear. Castiel put his foot down when he saw the purple brocade jacket and shrugged on his trusty tan overcoat instead.
When at last Dean had managed the steps, he deposited himself on the Throne. The hunter's blood soaked the golden seat, dripping over the souls that were inside the treasury. Dean couldn't shout because his lungs were wet with blood, so instead he stared dully at Metatron before he whispered, "Damn it, Throne, come on and open up the Gates. Please." It had worked for the Tree of Life, and Dean couldn't find any reason for it not to work on the Throne as well.
Apparently, searching for a purpose was still an integral part of a person, despite being in the hereafter. Days started flowing more smoothly, now that Dean had a sense of purpose. He'd found something that he didn't have much of when he was alive: a routine. His time was spent on fall duty, which only the Righteous Man could do; family time with Bobby and Karen; social time with Ash, Ellen, Bill, and Jo; fishing and downtime at the bungalow; and research at the bunker.
however, wasn't above shouting; and he was shouting plenty. "It's quality control. How the hell should I know if you got the right string? And besides, I need your grace, not a fucking feather. How should I know if your lazy ass substitution is going to fucking work?"
want to disturb the strongest Blood Male in all the Realms.
It was depressing to think that he was recording for his friend when Dean had left him, but the hunter had always learned suppression was crucial and the mixtape was a class A suppression tool. Besides, Robert Plant and Jimmy Page seems like they had it out for him:
Michael shook his head. "You were never something that fit into the cast of angel, Castiel. You might not blend well with humans, but you have never been truly one of us either."
Dean opened his eyes and gasped with the deep breath of the drowning. Maybe it had been the arrow, maybe it had been the beers he drank with Bobby after that, but he was remembering. He ran his hand through his hair and looked at the clock.
“Instead of fixing what isn’t broken, let’s talk about your wedding.” John began to pace. “We’ve scoured all three islands trying to find you a sufficient match to settle you with for the company’s sake. And yet—and
“What do you want from me, Cas?” Dean snarled. “Sam can’t take classes
Castiel’s eyes widen, seeing a flash of orange and blue before dragging Dean behind him. Dean’s grunt is punctuated by several pellets raining down on Castiel’s position, where Dean had been initially.
"Wait, wait, what do you mean
He didn’t have a lot of books because he’d used the NovaWatch almost exclusively since NovaCorp released it, and the pADD before holographic novels became a staple. What paperbacks he owned were those stories that he’d enjoyed re-reading. Favorites that he bought after reading them in digital so he could proudly show off his mini-library, displayed on the shelves over his bed, or lend them to his nonexistent friends.
Castiel and Dean head back in silence, both deep in their thoughts. By the time they reach the slave’s quarters, the sun has set, and the slaves have cleaned the center of the courtyard where the log was placed.
Winsol celebrations are one of the most looked forward to seasons of Blood ceremonies. For those thirteen days, the Blood celebrates the Darkness and Witch, the living myth. Most work is suspended during the festivities, especially during Winsol Eve, the longest night of the year, when everyone is closer to the Darkness.
Castiel barrels into his son. They spin twice in the air before they both dropped laughing in a soft mound of snow. “You know we only have until the hunt finishes, Jack.”
Sam snorted but leaned on the barrier, his arms crossed over the metal beam as he looked out towards the ocean.
He had wanted to beg for forgiveness, or a chance if Dean could only see why he chose to hide it. But Dean didn’t want explanations. Castiel could tolerate scorn; he could debase himself until Dean saw reason. But he cannot endure indifference.
footage. Whenever I got stuck writing I would stop and listen to the con footage.
Castiel snatched his hand back. “I didn’t! Gabriel gave it to me.” Now Dean was confused. He thought he was the only one that got a ring and was lucky. “They’re twin rings.”
While Katja attends to her spices, Benny looks down at the ropes, then at Katja. Dean assumes that means Benny will try to get free.
Castiel's brow furrowed. "The archangels are immortal."
“That so?” John turned to Sam, who’d nodded an affirmative despite the grimace on his face. “And whose idea was it to hop the border and attempt to live here?”
Castiel’s head tilted as he perused the paper, but seeing that he wasn’t even going to stay for the next hour, he signed it. Cole punched the items into the register just as Dean and Sam approached with their basket.
“I checked the lenses, fitted one last week. I gave you a few days, waiting for you to come on your own and tell me they were ready. Looks like you weren’t going to.” Gabriel raised a challenging eyebrow to his brother. “You’re just nitpicking now. Let
Each of the slaves raises their cup up, offers a different wish, and throws in sprigs of holly until finally, everyone is looking expectantly at Dean. He sputters out loud, not knowing what to add.
else. His Cas was nobody’s
The Throne itself was the centerpiece of Aravoth. It rested on what Dean assumed to be the crown of the Tree of Life. The Tree's branches supported the Throne, the base of which was a wooden chest. Said chest was larger than life, carved with close attention to detail: its swirls twisting and turning when seen through the corner of Dean's eye, but stationary when looked at directly. It was finished finely with a subtle sheen that screamed otherworldly. It was heavy with treasure, which glowed at its seams, bursting with light that Dean had come to recognize as souls.
Dean mentally flipped a coin before traveling east. It was as good a place as any to start looking for Michael's seal. "And hey, if I'm wrong, I get to walk all the way back to the other side of this world," Dean told himself.
Castiel look-a-like—and handed him a drink.
Balthazar watches Castiel over the rim of his teacup. He meets Hannah’s gaze for a moment before their attention turns toward Castiel. Their black-winged brother is regaling them with the most recent exploits with Michaela and her baths.
“I found a liquor store and drank it,” Castiel confessed, broken by hiccups he’d never admit to being sobs. Balthazar wiped his tears with both thumbs and gave him a hug.
." Nathaniel nodded to Kevin before moving to leave.
“That and I sort of didn’t like my last orders, so I jumped ship. Or rather, I hopped aboard one.” Castiel and Dean share a smile over their makeshift blankets. “Why did you pick me up?”
tip, either.”
Something settles inside of Castiel. Yes, he could do as Dean asked. There is something in Dean that speaks to Castiel of safety, telling him that staying still is allowed. Following him is not a chore. The parts of him that he didn’t know were restless falls quiet into the spaces that he didn’t know existed.
John thought,
The Blood has no law against murder. But, it exacts a blood debt, and they should be willing to pay that price if they commit it. John grins, despite the threat. “Come on, I heard you’re the only one around these parts that could help me with bringing over—”
“Do you even know how to drive this thing?” Sam asked dubiously while signing the handover sheet.
His finger hovered over the record button when it was time to copy
Michael always stressed that Castiel couldn’t maintain his relationships because he was too awkward; that he put his nose in where it was not wanted, and he spoke his mind when he should keep quiet. Spoke his mind? He barely contradicted anyone. He was a veritable mouse! But if Dean was going to shove him away, just like everyone else, he needed to leave before that happened.
“Your mother thought I would do something drastic.” Dad brought her hand up to place a kiss on her knuckles.
NovaTel, on the other hand, is based on Apple’s company structure. NovaLens (and later on Polaris Glass) was initially made based on
Dean doesn't recognize what Cas is doing, but it feels like lightning passes through him. The magic from Cas zings from the point of contact on his shoulders exiting through his hands onto the twigs. Immediately, it seems like Dean can do a hundred Enochian spells. The bed shudders until the small vines sprouting from the hay, crawling along the floor and reaching towards the window for the sun.
—the Realm of Light, one of the Three Realms. Was previously at war with Kaeleer which caused the borders between the two Realms to close. (see War)
Which reminded Dean of the first time he and Cas met: Cas' true voice had made his ears bleed. But no, he wasn't interested in Angel Anatomy 101. Especially not from Lucifer. "Hurry it up. Sometime between now and before the next Apocalypse preferably. But mostly now."
Cas, who'd been listening to the tape more than he was paying attention to the two of them now focuses on Sam. "Is… there something wrong?"
Castiel turns and cages Dean within the circle of his wings. He examines the Prince: the freckles dotting the arch of his cheek, the almost feminine lashes framing bright green eyes, the rapid irregular pulse on his throat.
Back when he was got out of Purgatory, he'd been so mad at Sam about Kevin and the hunt that he hadn't had the time to sit down and record. He'd repressed, and he'd repressed well. But Samandriel had forced it to the forefront.
“So you’re getting married soon too?”
Castiel decided then that it was in his better interest to pretend to be a CDC agent. The Health Office could mean their bosses were up for an audit; the CDC could scare her enough to think it was an epidemic. Ms. Hernandez tensed when he flashed his ID badge. "I need to talk to the Chief of Clinics, but I wanted to understand the scope problem by seeing the wards first."
Bobby flicks his wrist, and John feels the power of the hunter’s Yellow and his subsequent descent to the darkness. “I reckon I could still fill you with holes before you kill me with the Green.” John wouldn’t be surprised if Bobby has Craft-made traps littering the area.
“I can untether you from GRACE and switch to a local SG & T, but that will make you wired,” the man with the mullet hair replied while he hooked the watch to his equipment. “You’d need a physical connection to the hub for all calls.”
Dean pulled out the short list of books that he wanted to get from the store, still undecided on which titles he was going to settle down and buy. He’s already looked up the books that he was interested in, but he was going to limit himself to one because it was an indulgence and he still needed to make rent and food and Sammy’s pocket money, no matter if the kid says he could work part-time.
“Really, Castiel?” Hanna asks, not understanding, but curious.
"I think that's where we differ, Scribe. You forget I am a
Gabriel crossed his arms. “You know what
Michaela sweeps her hand across the remaining standing tables. “My sister has a court, with more than twelve males to form one. She can ask any of them to drain her Jewels. Inform her that she can have Castiel only in Mount Ararat. He doesn’t leave with her for Bragana.”
or Requiem Æternam which requests for God to grant eternal rest to souls, let perpetual light shine upon them, and let the souls rest in peace. It asks God to bring souls in Purgatory to Heaven.
Gabriel rolled his eyes, brought his fingers to his lips and whistled. It was a piercing sound that cuts through the current discord that was the Song. "We're linking this tree today, and I'm sending Cas up. End of discussion." He turned towards Castiel. "Time to get this show on the road."
The reverberation of the whip that was
"Hey, I can
"And beer. Seriously, beer in your heaven is better than mine," Dean corrected as he backed out of his personal heaven right into the axis mundi, Zeppelin's voice demanding to 'carry me back' soothing the small ache that he'd started to feel.
"We are not jump starting the Apocalypse here," Castiel reassured Kevin, because surely if it was an apocalyptic sign, the Prophet of the Lord should have known. "The
The answering whisper was fervent, “I’m right here, sweetheart.”
And... I think I managed to trick people into reading a scaled back psychic A/B/O. This isn't an A/B/O though, the world it's based on predates all A/B/O mythologies cropping up in fiction. That said, it still has a lot of similarities, if you made A/B/O more of a psychic "magic" connection isnstead of a knotting, slicking, mating thing. But the heats, the ruts, the scents... yeah scaled back A/B/O.
"Let there be truth between us, Castiel. The Treasury of Souls has always been the Messenger's domain. For he who has announced the birth of man's salvation has always heralded all births."
“I hope we can hook up to GRACE,” Sam said as he turned to navigate on his phone. “Otherwise, we’ll need to find a paper map.”
Cas' grace slowly dwindled after the angels were expelled from Heaven. He was an angel and coping with humanity badly. But his state worsened drastically after Rowena's attack dog spell. Dean played
“These are fine, Cas. I like my eggs crispy on the outside and gooey on the yolk,” Dean mutters, waving for Cas to sit down while he puts the pan away for washing.
"We've gone
John is ready to drive and nods at them as Dean pushes Cas and Jack inside. Dean would have been a better driver because he wears a darker Jewel than his dad’s Green, but he didn’t trust Cas not to lash out at an unknown male this close.
Another negative was already forming in his lips before Lucifer interrupted, "Remember, Dean, I still need your consent before I can truly posses you. You have been unwavering in this, the entire time. You are only promising to be reincarnated as a vessel; it will still be up to you to decide to accept me or not. With your rather obstinate talent to be stubborn, I am sure my work will be harder with you, rather than Sam. Furthermore, I am still inside this Cage, and I would need to be free of it to work on tempting you."
that I have greatly sinned in my thoughts, in my words, in purity of the mind and body
's post edited:
Castiel pushed the cup at Dean, propped up on the hotel headboard, too weak to properly refuse. “Banana, rice, apple, tea, and toast only for people with stomach flu.”
“Dean?” Sam’s voice called when he noticed that his brother was lagging. They’d been walking together, Dean to his job at the factory, and Sam to the library. “You’re gonna be late.”
“I think you should sample me,” Castiel advises cheekily. He slides his leg over Dean’s and tucks his knee between the Prince’s thighs. Even through the robe and bed cover, Castiel can feel Dean’s promising, slightly hard cock resting on Castiel's own. Dean chokes on air at the suggestion, and Castiel laughs. “I give excellent kisses. I’m quite an expert at it, I’m told.”
Dean blinked at the fact that apparently, Lucifer’s own horse was attending the ceremonies, then looked at Cas, who was already reaching for Sleipnir and motioning for him to move towards the long table near the Cage, which Dean had just noticed. “Cas, that looks like the VIP table.”
"Take that ridiculous red monstrosity off and, repeat after me: Zimz." The language that Cas speaks is guttural, but the difference between the mage casting and the mage speaking is obvious. It is a command word, but when Castiel casts, it holds the sound of thunderclouds in his voice. "Come on, I know you understand what I'm asking."
Thankfully for Dean, he has not dislocated his shoulder again. He just jarred it incredibly during the fight in Silver Ash Covert. Cas and the healer pronounce it safe to move, so Cas starts him on range-of-motion exercises to get strength and mobility back into his joint.
Sam met Dean’s eyes; whatever he found there must have convinced him, since his brother straightened, shuttered his facial expression, then nodded. “Give me ten minutes.”
“He’s mostly been bringing me food and cleans the rooms,” Dean says mildly as he brushes Star Dancer.
Dean presses one hand against Castiel’s sternum, which stops the exploration, but doesn’t give them space. He doesn’t understand this, Castiel continually trying to seduce him. But the more Dean tries to stop it, the more Castiel keeps his pursuit. “You don’t need to do this for me, Cas.” Dean cups Castiel’s cheek.
He’d skipped the last class by slipping out through a high window in the bathroom and then going under the chain-link fences he’d noticed was loose when Dad’d enrolled him. He found Dad sitting on one of the motel’s double beds, cradling Sammy’s head on his lap. He was holding something clasped loosely between his palms, his head bowed. There was a familiar shoebox at his feet with a row of neatly labeled tapes: his dad’s prized possessions. He’d been told repeatedly that the cassettes were not toys, but handed a pistol in the next breath for target practice.
"You manage to get up and down by your lonesome."
- carries God's throne
Dean stops to calibrate his thought process.
A knee-length black leather tailcoat with a high collar that reached up to his ears covered the guest. He’d pulled up the hood to keep his hair away from the rain.
To take his mind off his difficult choice, he went to his record player and grabbed the first vinyl he could get his hands on from his collection. He noted with a snort that it was
Dean almost sighs in disappointment. Rowena told John that the Prince of Light hadn’t been in place before. It couldn’t be Cas if he’s been here before the twelve-year mark.
When Cas said that there was no suit wearing, Dean had not expected that he’d feel woefully underdressed in flannel and jeans. Cas was dressed in his usual attire, but he had exchanged the trench coat for a sky blue cloak gilded with Enochian script. Dean stepped up to Cas and fixed the angel's tie. Because seriously, Cas shouldn’t wear something that flashy then use an unkempt tie.
Kevin looked at the screen intently before sighing. "We'll do it when the next ad comes up."
determined
“I might do that.”
In that moment, Castiel understood why this soul, out of all the souls, was the Righteous Man. Dean was not fighting so that he could remain; he was struggling because he thought there were others more worthy than him.
“Then what are we going to do, Dean?” Sam whispered. Dean didn’t even know why they were whispering, it’s not as if Dad has his ear pressed on their doors to listen in. “Freelance our way and run from Dad?”
Dean shook his head to stop himself from spiraling. He saw cakes, pies (he definitely picked up some pie slices for later), honeysuckers, and multiple flavors of hard candy. They had to have souvenirs somewhere. He wandered around until he found the shelves with yellow and black curios. Dean bought Castiel a postcard and a canvas satchel with leather straps.
Dean tried again, “A lady at the fair told me that there has been news of
Hannah passes mismatched glasses filled with hot blooded rum to those in attendance. She pours some on the tree before bringing up her own glass. “For the glory of Witch.”
did you get to that conclusion?"
“Sleep with your headphones on.”
“Don’t need to show me,” Dean interrupted as he slid back into the main highway. “Just tell me you didn’t kill, steal, or maim to get it.”
,” Lady Michaela reiterates, her voice booming across the courtyard.
“April’s best time for that. Too bad you probably won’t get the chance to see ‘em. Nothing like breaching whales to make you feel very, very small in the grand order of things.”
The baked crust with melted cheese wafts over them, causing all their stomachs to rumble in answer. They each get a piece and taste, Dean leaning back in contentment as he scarfs down his.
The man was on the deck wearing clock-work gears on his right arm ending with a few pistons to help him carry the heavy load, a mask that covered half of his face that had a pressure gauge, and several other cogwheels that ended in a thick bronzed cinder goggles. His steel-toed boots occasionally rang loud as he moved.
After a few moments, the pod enlarged, pooling bright light. It was different from when souls ripen on the Tree. A girl, fresh-faced and young walked out of the seed when it was wide enough and stepped into Gabriel's proximity. Dark curls, bright blue eyes and the naïveté that came from being newly made. Castiel eyed her wearily, although there was a distinct tone that made her sound familiar.
because of your selfishness, Castiel,” Hannah wailed, tears streaming down her face.
so the high is
—a warrior race with tanned skin, golden eyes, black hair (which they share in common with all the long-lived races), and bat-like wings.
“Solid and precise,” Jack finishes, imitating Castiel’s low growl, his hands in his pockets like Castiel is prone to do. “I know. See you after your jog.”
Adamana was a ghost town, and they stopped for a half-day of sightseeing the stone trees before taking off again. Dean’s driving has improved massively since New York, and they made the trip to Flagstaff in one hour.
"Erin," he murmured as he dropped down to his knees and gave her a back-breaking hug. "I was so worried."
“Well, I didn’t offer them.” Dean winks.
Castiel furrowed his brows and cocked his head to the side while Dean was cleaning his face slowly. "Nightmare? But… angels don't have nightmares. We don't have
Castiel, who accompanied him home, watches from the sidelines unobtrusively until John focuses on him. Dean notices his father's attention and rushes to introduce them, "Dad, this is Castiel. Cas, John, Baron of Winchester, my mom, and this is Sammy. He saved my life." There is no mention of griffins.
“The tax is not printed on the price tag? That’s absurd!” Castiel complained, trying to remember if he ran into this problem during college but realized he hardly ever actually shopped for anything himself. When he did, he didn’t care about the money he was spending because it had been on his parents’ deep bank account. He should start accounting now that he had finite resources.
“Mom, this is…” Dean’s mouth dropped in awe.
Dean patted the hood of the Chevrolet while he went around her. He prayed that no one would steal her in the lot.
The slam of the car doors reverberated through Dean as he settled. The engine was still running, and he cranked it up to fill the silence. Castiel fidgeted on the soft leather of the front bench, tugging on the hem of his shirt while tracing the etched tree on his ever-present suitcase. The cool breeze that flowed through the Chevrolet’s open windows as they drove ruffled Castiel’s hair, but he looked content to hide behind the stray wisps.
They were in the third heaven, where souls could make dreams solid and thoughts actions; Dean could create
Castiel barked out a laugh as they headed back to Dean's lake house. Castiel should have known. A star caught Castiel's eye in the horizon of Dean's heaven. Unassuming and small, but a reminder of the axis mundi that Castiel had abandoned. Despite knowing that he had given up his axis mundi, he was content in what he'd chosen.
But Castiel had taken the excitement and happiness with him, leaving Dean to brood alone with his thoughts.
His sister seems to have pulled him away, but I hope the prophecy has been enough to warn Castiel.
Lady Lucian laughs before she leans her forehead against Castiel’s. “A very honorable Warlord Prince, Castiel. How long do you think he’ll last if I ask Alastair to focus his tender mercies on him?”
, that’s why you sent it.”
it was mostly equivalent to an angel's spiritual dictionary. The translation was well done, although Castiel could find a couple mistakes as he perused it.
He marched over to sweet pies, seeing that there were several in a row inside a glass case. One, with a slice missing and a scattering of crushed almonds on top, had a blue ribbon pinned into its crust. His stomach rumbled at all the sweets and felt himself salivating.
Gabriel was the first angel to appear once the Gates were open, flashing in with the sound of wings. Gabriel gave a toothy grin. "But it's what you've got, right, Cassie?"
Despite being reclined, the griffin is massive enough that Dean has to reach to touch its nape. Dean tentatively draws his hand across the area, which is covered in dark black feathers. This close, he can see the blue tinge of them. The wings flex and relax almost immediately. Encouraged by the lack of aggressive behavior, Dean feels around the fringes with more confidence.
When he woke up a little groggy, there was white noise from the turntable reaching the end, but running out of track. Dean placed both of his palms against his eyes, seemingly to ward off the day before he rubbed his face then got up. He hesitated before he set up his recorder and copied
. Faster than Dean expects. Never in his wildest dreams had he thought the wolf in their forest was an actual griffin. Their only encounters with griffins were ingredients in the Men of Letters storeroom when they needed them. At least, Dean was fairly sure there were griffin feathers in the Men of Letters' ingredient cupboard.
Dean wasn’t supposed to be working today, but a server had gotten sick, and Friday night was usually busy, so he’d volunteered. He never said no to extra bucks. Dean worked around the tables, offering refills. He kept his eye on the door while keeping a mental tab on what he still had to do.
Ash looked back up at the Tree and squinted. Staring at it too long could cause dizzy spells (Dean should know, he's stared at it one time too many), the ripe souls falling from the flowers to the abyss. "Well, if Yggdrasil was based off this tree, then it connects all realms. It's another quantum superposition for you."
He walked back to the car that he had appropriated from the bunker, briefly remembering the many times he had to retake the test at the DMV to get his license. It was one of the first choices that he had made and it still brought a smile to his face when he had the time to actually drive it.
"But you need it, all the same, do you not? Accept it for what it is: a gift." Michael's eyes lost focus momentarily, his body slightly turning towards the other end of the Cage, listening to the voices that only he could hear. "It's best you leave, brother. The Morning Star is finishing his conversation with his guest, and I do not think Lucifer would welcome your visit."
Dean looked peaceful, touched by the moonlight that filtered through the hotel’s windows. One hand was reaching out towards the empty space where Castiel had been earlier, the other buried underneath his head as a pillow.
“Sam loved stargazing nights. I kept learning out of habit,” he said, finally turning from the holo to look at the 10-foot long brass telescope in the center of the deck. Too bad they had to leave before nightfall. He really would have wanted to take it apart to see how it worked. Maybe he could make his own someday. “But yeah, mom pointed out the constellations, and dad showed us where we were.”
"Then what is this?" Sam asked, and Castiel wondered if he was missing some level of this conversation again. It was as if they were talking about something else and he was missing the entire point because he was not human enough to understand its subtleties. As if Sam was having one conversation and Castiel another. As if they were talking
An excerpt from
Dean’s type. If only they weren’t in a bookstore in Dean’s neighborhood.
- Azrael's garrison is located here.
“I see.” Manny looked uneasily at Dean and then at Sam. “I wouldn’t want to impose.”
Gabriel rolled his eyes. "They're seven names, what's the difference between remembering fifty states and seven names? Vilon, Raki'a, Shehaqim, Zebhul, Makhon, Ma'on, Aravoth. Keep up."
"I gotta tell Ellen, Bobby, and everybody else where you went, or they might suddenly try to break out of their heavens to form a search party." Ash made a shooing motion with his hands and nodded. "Fourth heaven awaits."
Unfortunately, after their encounter in the forest, their 'wolf' has gone to ground. And they have not spotted her since. As Dean's days dwindle into weeks with no sign of their adversary, the hunter gets upset at the smallest things. The only thing that can calm him is his time with his horse.
When he’d calmed down, Dean ended up in front of his mom’s cabin. There was rustling inside, so he knocked.
She nodded numbly before leading them out of the house. As soon as they were out of earshot and eyesight, Kevin loosened his tie and sighed. "There's nothing here—no one suspicious lurking around, no one felt anything wrong with the pregnancies. We're not finding anything."
Dean attacks Castiel’s mouth with insistent kisses—he fights, nips, bites, and claws his way to dominate. But Castiel is an old hand with these types of play, and he’s had more vicious partners. He wants to lead.  He
, that Castiel
Dean meets his dad at the Coaches, hiding in plain sight with all the other aristo Coaches that came to watch Jack’s Birthright Ceremony.
Dean drew short. On one hand he didn't know if he trusted this unknown entity in the form of Charis; on the other, he could never wish for anyone to be left alone and subjected to Lucifer. Mind made up, Dean widened his stance and started tugging Charis away. Lucifer interested in a child was creepy enough. The last time that happened, Azazel had been force-feeding demon blood to an entire generation of children. Who knew what he could do to something that looked like a child-angel hybrid? It was more self-preservation than wanting to protect the Charis.
"You are
right? It's not just about the fics. :D
He looked at himself and noted that he had taken the form of Jimmy Novak in this brief respite, between one memory and the next. It was a novelty for Castiel who had lived out his existence thinking that he wouldn't have the chance to build his own niche in this vast space that was their home but
While Castiel is also supposed to tend to Lucian, playing with Jack when Lucian has official functions have become moments he looks forward to.
Dean and Castiel shared a glance over the mirror. The dark car was close behind them, its rumble gobbled up by the Chevrolet’s loud purr. It spoke volumes about Dean’s situational awareness that he even picked up on the car. Castiel would have ignored it. “Got something you wanna tell me, Cas?”
It wasn’t what Castiel was asking, and it seemed like he wouldn’t be getting an answer soon. Castiel settled on the backseat watching the brothers, Dean turning the radio down so he could rest.
Castiel rolls his eyes again at Dean's statement.
“Even I’ve heard of casinos, Sammy?” Dean asked pointedly. His eyes darted over to Cas for a second before he focused on both his food and Sam.
Dean couldn’t resist joining in with Castiel’s happiness. He
“The Healer’s instructions were an hour,” Castiel’s voice breaks as he reminds Dean, conscious of his wandering touch.
Gabriel wouldn’t be able to understand what was happening.
Castiel drank in the sight of him. The butterflies intensified into a murder of crows, playing with all of his internal organs. Before he could call Dean, a brunette stepped out of the house. The snap of her practical leather shoes against the lawn called Dean’s attention, and she handed him a glass of water. Dean smiled and pecked a grateful kiss on her cheek.
It was best to do as much as he wanted before his eldest brother even got an inkling where he was headed. Though water travel lacked speed, it would give Castiel an experience. NISC Twelve leaving had been a sign. Castiel would be crazy to ignore it.
"I dunno, can't you teach me something useful, like fixing my bum shoulder?" Dean grouches rubbing his fist against the bruised appendage.
“Goddamnit, I knew you weren’t as out of touch as you were pretending to be!” Dean grumbles, making quick work of their clothes, discarding them in a pile that is messier than Castiel’s own.
Castiel settled into a fugue as he moved around Balthazar’s house and did perfunctory work at the NovaCorp. He looked at the numbers, attended the meetings in a daze, and his limbs were heavy weights.
, Manny could be dangerous, but. Manny was taking a chance on them too.
Nothing like a good work out in the morning.
She rubbed her eyes as if wiping Sandman's dust away from them and blinking owlishly up to Gabriel. "An archangel is in Heaven again. Hallelujah, for we are not alone," she whispered in awe, her hands letting go of his to pat Gabriel's cheeks as if she wasn't sure that he was there.
The Latin Prayer was... there are several forms of this prayer, it differs in the ordinary form of the prayer, and another done in the Tridentine Mass. I brought together the two because I wanted the form of it:
"We're not even getting all the frequencies, man," Ash pointed out. He hopped over the bar, ignoring Ellen's look of disapproval, and pulled up what passed for angel radio in the post-Fall era. "We're probably just noticing the souls that are closer to our timeline and running at the same speed as our current heaven is running."
"What have I always wanted, Dean Winchester? The Apocalypse." Lucifer smiled, lifting up a goblet that he'd created and filled it with blood-red wine. "Freedom."
“I leached his Jewel, father,” Jack says in the crook of Castiel’s neck, muffled by the down and his shirt. “I don’t know if he’s going to wake up.”
To leave Michaela’s service and to break his leash? It’s a dream. Castiel would only suffer worse once Michaela retrieves him. He is far too valuable to set free. He might have been tempted when he was younger despite the pain, but circumstances are different now. “Even then, I won’t leave Jack.”
“And who would’ve given him the opportunity, huh?” Dean asked, before taking a deep breath. “Sam, I wouldn’t have offered him a ride if I thought he was dangerous. He seemed like a nice guy on the boat.” Dean suddenly narrowed his eyes at Sam, who gulped at that. “We’re slipping out of Stava, too. Don’t forget that.”
Castiel formed a syringe in his palm slowly, examining it to see if it was correct before handing it to Bobby. "I would really appreciate it if you could extract my remaining grace from this vessel."
Dean regretted tossing a snowball against the soft glow that had filled Castiel’s eyes while he worked, though. He heard Castiel say his goodbyes to their group before they’re left alone with the chatter of the birds and the forest critters that hadn’t gone to ground.
4. Stairway to Heaven
for a safer ship, Dean was all for it.
** OL BOALUAHE ELASA= I love you
Gabriel frowned as he regarded that question. "Won't the old pencil-pusher be looking for you?"
“Do you… Not like it?” Jack asks with uncertainty when he notices.
Castiel slammed the offending hand down against the sheets. He moaned as he nuzzled Dean’s throat, grinding against the answering hardness he found there. They both groaned at the contact, and Castiel demanded, “What is it you think you’ll do to me?”
If only this had been a spell of brute force then Gabriel, an archangel, could have handled it. But Heaven's gates were made to withstand a siege of demons led by Lucifer himself. Gabriel trying to punch his way through by sheer power was not an option. So Gabriel would try to be the sieve that filters all his grace, while Castiel would try to manipulate the archangel's grace, to bind the tree.
The correct answer to that was probably yes. But there was always something personal about visiting Dean's grave that Castiel believed was solely his. "It's always best to visit a garrison with someone you would trust to have your back," Castiel conceded.
Jack’s feathers are white, but they still have some juvenile quality. Though he lost the darker ones, they are looser, woolier, and a muddier cream than what his adult plumage would be.
The suggestion halts Jack, horror palpable when he screams, “
John gives Dean a significant look at the new knowledge of Cas being a griffin. To Dean's defense, he just didn't know how to broach the subject.
"Yes. I asked him where he was, and he reassured me he was here," Charis said, standing up along with Dean and looking in the same direction he was.
Despite keeping busy with Baby, thoughts about his failure on finding the witch still press on his mind. The horse nickers softly, sensing his distress, and he nuzzles her nose in affection.
He brushes over Baby's black coat trying to find pleasure in caring for the mare. She was a gift that his father has nurtured and given to him at his coming of age. The black horse had an equally terrifying name attached to her when John bought her, but once Dean laid eyes on the Arabian with her big soft eyes, he fell in love. Dean gave her the nickname, and Baby she remains.
Sometimes Castiel thought of his engagement, and he would attempt to confess. But Dean would send him a soft gaze or laugh at his awkwardness, and Castiel would lose confidence. He didn’t want to waste what time he had left with the green-eyed man. He’d never felt the pressure of their destination more than he did when he looked at Dean and wondered:
“My previous tutor thinks I’m useless. I didn’t fail the tests, but I can’t quite do what other children do,” Jack admits reluctantly.
"Angels were patterned after Father's power, which is why we have grace. Archangels helped him support reality." Gabriel hunched his shoulders forward and flexed in what Castiel thought might Gabriel be opening his wings to his full wingspan. "Man was made in God's image, which is why… limbs and a distinct lack of wings."
. And he revels in it, his cock filling with Dean’s every groan and nip. His hands scrabbling on Castiel’s back as Castiel slings his leg over Dean’s thigh, shifting to get his weight right and grinding against Dean’s hard cock.
Dean stared open-mouthed at his heaven’s kitchen. He was watching Cas flail about trying to put out small fires and wave away the smoke that came from—at least three separate places.
He shook his wrist once to activate Nova, the inline holo for his watch, before asking, “Map bus routes to Los Angeles.”
Sure soul mates could share heavens, and family members could reach each other's most of the time. But people who didn't find soul mates in life couldn't locate them in Heaven because Heaven was a reflection of a life lived. "Dunno, Ash just dumped this entire mess on me when I got here. I was minding the catch of the day when he showed up, startling the fish."
It was better than doing nothing, and he was more useful to Dean and the Host in general as an angel. Castiel would miss a lot of things about being human, though. "I'll get through this. I'll walk you through it," Castiel said asking for a pen and a mirror so he could see what Bobby was doing.
Castiel came back to Dean’s temporary room to cram his things together into his suitcase while he thought.
Dean abruptly stood, earning him another glare from the dead-animal-coat woman. Impatient because he wanted to
“Oh, go ahead, I’ll practice the edges of the sigil,” Jack says as he bites his lip and examines the marks.
CHRISTEOS MAD LODOH NOASMI
with color and art.
"Puncture the site here," Castiel instructed as he took the ballpoint and mirror that he'd requested and marked the area that was crossing the external jugular and the lateral border of the sternocleidomastoid. "Just don't go for the pulsing carotid and you'll be fine. Please don't stab me with the needle, an acute angle works best. Point the needle towards the clavicle and just advance the needle slowly under the sternocleidomastoid, aspirate slowly and you'll get grace."
Sam rolls his eyes, shaking the box he’d brought in. Castiel notices it for the first time, the standard brown delivery box, with Amazon’s smiling arrow pointing from a to z stretching over its side. “Guess you don’t want this then.”
“Stories where I learn something, history books. But I also enjoy some fantasy, like
Castiel had descended with enough angels in the flight to fill a garrison. After they had crossed the river Acheron, the ability to soar had given the angels advantage. Here, the demons were land bound.
Dean’s voice is low and hoarse when he declines.
He sighed as he dragged himself out of bed to pick the cleanest set of clothes he could find in his closet. He had choices, never mind that he mostly wore a white button-down anyway. The mere fact that he was allowed choices, instead of the standard dark-pinstripe that the usual angels wore, was still a novelty despite the years that he had been allowed it.
because he hadn't been caught in the Fall like the rest of the angels, but because he was cut off from Heaven, his powers were diminished.
Dean thought he would give up, but he’d underestimated Castiel’s stubborn streak.
Sam comes in moments after another towel on his shoulders, preventing his damp hair from dripping on to his shirt. He tilts his head towards the hallway in question.
Dean noticed the bumper and grills were chrome plated. With a few steps to the left, he set his eyes on the chrome line that ran along the doors, which popped out from the dark exterior. Dean understood from the way she shined that someone had taken care of her bodywork. He only hoped whoever owned her treated her right.
" Dean and self-preservation had never been synonymous. It was a good thing the Cage was pretty well-tested.
That’s right, Dean had absconded this engagement, too. It’s best to leave now before it gets any harder. He has to end this burgeoning relationship before Dean realized that Castiel isn’t who he appeared to be. Castiel is incompetent without his family’s backing, he’s a liar and a fraud.
. You stop at a store to buy nails, and it's there, you get gas, and it's there. It's a conspiracy of DJs."
Dean opened his eyes to find himself in an immense field with a lake at the center. He was standing at another circlet of shrubs like the one in the third heaven, but this one consisted of more aquatic plants. The large bough of the tree rose and converged on the foliage that created the Tree of Life. Unlike the Garden, here in the fourth heaven, the Tree stood on a solitary hill, its branches casting shadows over the vast lake and extending towards both ends.
“You’re not so scrawny now,” Dean points out after he brushes Star Dancer’s mane and puts away the horse’s tools. In the low light, Alfie’s ears turn pink. “You’d go anywhere he goes, wouldn’t you?”
With that, Castiel reached for one of the Tree's low hanging flowers, different from the soul-blooms that Gabriel had chosen. It opened its soft petals in welcome bearing the light it was hiding for Castiel, before it fell into the ground near Castiel's feet.
One of the major frustrating things I had with season 9 is the entire Dean swiping Gadreel with the First Blade after a handshake. That scene took place
"Brother, where d'you pick up this guy? I've never seen Dean that red since Cassie Robinson left for the viscount's son," Benny stage whispers as Cas and Dean continue their bickering.
Dean chuckled, and in a low, sexy voice crooned along, “now my consolation is in the stardust of a song.”
(the R. means response)
With a nod at Dean, John steps through and is gone.
No, it wasn't happening. Dean was already in Aravoth, damn it, and he was getting to that fucking Throne even if it obliterated his soul. This was the mission, and there was nothing else.
“Do you know if NISC Twelve still has room for passengers?” Castiel asked, directly to the point. Though airships were already the mode of transport of choice for most, freighter ships could take up to a dozen paying passengers aboard their vessels.
Dean persisted with the grumbling for a few seconds before he retched again, flying to the toilet to puke his meager breakfast into the porcelain. Castiel hovered in the doorway and offered the tea back and a handful of tissues.
