stupid. And yeah, It had been a while since I last hot-wired a car, but seriously. Leaving Tony Stark alone with access to an engine. Really fucking stupid.
The knocking....
Seemed I was worrying about the wrong thing.
“Can’t pick a lock if you can’t keep your hands still, Stark,” I whispered, breathing slowly and evenly. A few more minutes passed and I felt calm enough to get to work. And really, it was ridiculously easy to get the cuffs off. The locking mechanism made a satisfying clicking noise and I slipped my wrist free.
So in this universe the children of Thanos are actually his 'adopted' kids, just like Gamora and Nebula.
A few seconds passed before Tony realised he wasn’t running away screaming. Maybe Pepper was right and really didn’t have any survival instincts. “
He sighed softly, because the poor boy was clearly stressed, and made his way to my side of the van. After a few seconds, when it was clear I wasn’t going to step out on my own, he opened the door and looked at me expectantly. “Tony,” he said softly. “Please get out of the van.”
Sometimes, when I was still and things were quiet, I would think of Pepper. I would remember her strawberry blonde hair and smooth pale skin. I would remember her sweet sandalwood scent and kind eyes.
I ignored it at first, too tired to get up so early. The knocking continued for a little while and I burrowed further into the little cocoon I’d made from what could only presume was Steve’s jacket.
Bucky went to touch me and I snapped my teeth at him. “Back off.”
“Don’t do that again,” he said, tone deep and authoritative.
. Except I knew better. I knew exactly what they would do to me.
Damn didn’t quite cover it. Fuck, they knew.
And in space ...
“My lord,” the alien grunted, it’s piggy little eyes locked firmly on the Titan as it dropped to a clumsy half bow. It sounded masculine, even though Tony was aware that didn’t mean it was definitely male. “I’ve come to seek your guidance.”
“You’re very good at hiding your fear,” the Titan remarked thoughtfully. “But you don’t fool me. I know terror too intimately to be fooled by bravado.”
“I know you don’t believe me yet, but really Tony we’re all friends here. Where we’re going, you’ll be safe there. Safer than you’ve been since the change,” he gently patted my hand. “And yes, I do promise. I hope one day you’ll believe me, but I really do want what’s best for you, I swear.”
I woke up to the feeling of someone gently shaking me awake. I was foggy and disoriented, so when I opened my eyes and saw Steve looming over me I outright bellowed in the alphas face. Steve didn’t so much as flinch, his stupidly handsome face morphing into a frown as he removed my seatbelt and hooked an arm around my waist.
She snatched her hand away and turned furiously to Tony. “He will try to corrupt you. He -”
I was wearing a seatbelt and Bucky...wasn’t.
. “We thought maybe you’d want to ride up front with us. Must be pretty rocky back here?”
He held up his hands, palms out. “OK doll.
“Don’t try anything,” he warned through gritted teeth.
“A little,” he answered, which was surprising. “We use generators, but they’re pretty old. We don’t like to overexert them.”
I jolted up and screamed when I saw Bucky. I wasn’t proud but holy fucking jesus chirst, he was outside the car.
She looked over her shoulder, staring at him. “I thought Quill might have been the exception. It turns out, however, that you’re actually all just ridiculous.”
“Off,” I gasped, squirming and shoving at the arm wrapped around my chest. “Off, get off!” I didn’t know where I was, who I was with, who was holding me down...
I could smell it then. The scent of my own sorrow.
“What can I get ya?” the barman asked, his single eye roaming speculatively over my face and slowly down my body. The guy had a ragged scar covering the left side of his face and virtually no hair on his pus covered scalp. Part of me wondered if he was diseased and if I’d be better off going elsewhere.
“Yeah, well you know what you can do if you don’t like it,” I spat.
“Are you going somewhere, little brother?” the alien asked, slowly turning to face him. He started calling Tony brother when he realised how much it irked him. He guessed all was fair in love and war, and Tony definitely knew how to retaliate.
Tony nodded slowly and looked back at the ship. With the right tools he knew he could fix it, but his lab was billions of light years away and he was pretty sure that if he didn’t receive medical attention soon he would die anyway.
“Perhaps she’s finally dead,” Thanos said without a flicker of concern. “Daughter, do you live?”
?” I asked, aware I sounded a little bitchy but feeling pretty justified. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
So very
“Don’t fucking touch me,” I snarled, jumping out of his reach. “You hear me asshole? Keep your hands to yourself before I figure out a way to hack them off and insert them up your -”
“Hey kid,” Tony whispered, collapsing down next to the android, careful not to touch. “You OK?”
Thanos used his free hand to run a gentle finger down Tony’s cheek. His eyes were absurdly sad and Tony realised the gesture held some meaning he clearly wasn’t party to.
“So it’s my fault for not being more incompetent?” I snapped, my anger quickly replacing my earlier panic.
“OK,” I said, getting back to my knees and crawling to the front of the van. I ran my hands across the door but I couldn’t see a locking mechanism. No handle, no lock. No way to open it from the inside. A few seconds later I realised the door was was reinforced with a second sheet of metal. There were a number of fastenings fixing the sheet in place. It became apparent pretty fucking quickly that I wasn’t getting it off without the proper tools.
“Bucky, what are you doing?” Steve asked, his tone disapproving despite the fact he wasn’t doing anything to get him off me.
A gunshot rang out and Steve muffled a scream. So much for them not using bullets. Was he dead? Dying? Was I next?
I broke off, sputtering as the man grabbed my throat and dragged me to the back of the room. My fucking toes were dangling above the goddamn floor.
“Take it easy Steve, he’s just nervous.”
“Sure thing, big boy,” I muttered, debating if I could throw myself out of the car whilst we were moving. I wasn’t entirely sure what good that would do me, but it was an option.
“I’m not getting undressed in front of you. I’m not…”
-- blood. He was drenched in so much blood. Jesus fuck, he was going to kill me.
Stark raised his gaze but he wouldn’t meet the titans eyes. It was no great surprise. The Terran was in mourning and full of rage. He didn’t yet understand the sacrifices made in the name of peace.
********************************
"My wife and children were taken from me."
Another pause and I wondered if I had gone too far.. To my surprise Steve just released a long suffering sigh and concentrated on the road.
What the fuck was I supposed to say to that?
-- but there was something obscuring his vision. He tried to think but his is mind felt muddled and slow. He’d known crippling fear moment before. A voice -- that terrible, hated voice, but his mind wasn’t working correctly and he wanted to
That was interesting. Seemed Bucky was thinking the same thing if the bewildered look he shot Steve was anything to go by.
“Get away from me,” I snarled, shoving with all my strength. The man didn’t even have the good manners to so much as sway. Like, at all. “Seriously, let me out. I’m leaving.”
The day passed slowly after that. At first Tony was mesmerised by the variety of different aliens that entered the hall. They were every shade and size imaginable, with features that ranged from feline to insect-like. They all spoke the same language and clearly whatever had been done to him when he was out allowed him to understand what was being said. None of them paid him or Nebula any mind, other than the occasional curious glance. They all came either begging or pledging their allegiance. It was clear that each and every one of them feared the Titan.
Because, despite everything, I had no desire for everything to just end. Things could get better. I had to believe that this fuckup of a life wasn't my only shot.
“Hey, Steve,” Bucky said, straightening from the fire and stepping hastily towards us. “I’ll get Tony. You finish setting up.”
But he would, in time.
“Tony -” Steve began, reaching out his hand.
The aliens eyes flickered with irritation. “My name, terran, is the Ebony Maw.”
“Don’t like to scare the locals,” I answered, tearing my gaze from the man's arm and meeting his eyes with a raised eyebrow. “Seriously, there is some gruesome shit going on under here. It might even be contagious…”
Bucky looked...
“Being tortured, mostly.”
“I want to leave,” I said, proud that my voice remained even despite how terrified I felt. “I’m not what you think I am. I’m not worth anything to anyone and I want to go home.”
“Daydreaming,” I admitted, running my fingers through my hair and cringing a little at the crusted filth I encountered. I met Bucky’s kind gaze and couldn’t help but file that look away for future reference. “So what’s on the cards for today, Buck?”
The Titan’s violet gaze passed disinterestedly over them.“Be silent, child,” he said dismissively.
I seriously considered punching the other man in the throat. The only reason i hesitated was because, so far, they hadn’t actually hurt me. It seemed stupid to invite violence to the mix. “That’s me,” I said instead. “Fucking adorable.”
I was so fucked. I was so completely and utterly fucked.
“For your loss. I’m sorry.”
Steve seemed to come back to himself with a start. He had the decency to look a little embarrassed. “I’m sorry! I don’t mean to stare. It’s just that...I’ve never met anyone like you before.”
I saluted him when he let go and leaned nonchalantly against the van as I watched them between slitted eyes. I didn’t doubt I wouldn’t get far if I tried to bolt. Alphas could go all sorts of feral when people ran from them. I wouldn’t still be alive if I didn’t know the rules. “If it makes you feel better,” I said, grinning at Bucky with way too many teeth. “It’s mostly just stomach acid. Or, maybe that’s worse...”
“The ship must have a common area,” Tony said, trying to avoid an all-out question as he took another, shuffling step towards the door. The alien turned back to his pad, seemingly incredibly interested in what he was reading and Tony decided, fuck it and strode purposefully to the exit.
“I guess we are,” Tony said, thinking of the younger man and feeling a shock of regret. He’d barely known him but he mourned his death.
big. I had to at least try.
“That’s why you’re taking me back, right? To be some assholes baby-maker? To lie back and think of England and push out some kids for the good of mankind…”
“Yeah,” I said, leaning forward and trying to keep my voice pitched low. No matter how hard I tried I couldn’t lose the inflection in my accent and it usually captured people's attention. Attention was bad. “I have some items that might be of interest.”
“Are you OK?” Steve asked, which was just about the last thing I expected to come out of his mouth.
“I’m not an omega,” I instantly denied. “Is that why you took me? What are you guys? Are you slavers? Is that why -”
I didn’t know if I felt relieved or angry that I didn’t manage to rile him. Bucky was staring intently out the windshield with a small, insufferable smile.
Steve cocked his head to the side and studied me with unnerving intensity. His nostrils flared, blatantly inhaling my scent. In the good old days that sort of behaviour would have been considered hella rude. He looked like he was thinking very carefully about his response. “You’re scared,” he finally noted, frowning softly.
“Don’t,” I said, stumbling back. “Don’t — don’t touch me.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve said softly.
I tried to hotwire the car again. I was fast. Maybe if I -
Another nod.
He opened his hand and I quickly pulled free. Steve then proceeded to sit back and just...watch me.
I nodded quickly but Steve just frowned.
I returned his look with one of my own and felt pleasantly surprised when he wilted a little under my gaze. It was at that moment, bizarrely, when I realised I probably had more than a decade on the alpha.
, I decided as my stomach cramped again, realising I really didn’t have a choice. I kept moving, pushing through the swinging doors and stepping into the shithole with all the bravo of a man twice my size. I resisted the urge to fiddle with the scarf covering the lower half of my face and quickly scanned the room. Predictably, everyone was staring at me. I wasn’t too worried yet. They would have stared at anyone, particularly a stranger. It was getting them to lose interest that was the trick.
“I’m not -”
My smile widened and I flipped him the bird.
“Calm your ass down,” the beta said, sounding distracted as he looked out the windshield. Much be nice, I thought as the asshole continued to pin me down. “Your boyfriend strong, huh?”
“Well,” Steve said, turning his back. “You might be fine with smelling but I’m taking a bath.”
“Get the fuck off me,” I said, my voice surprisingly calm despite how terrified I felt. I knew I had my answer -- they were going to rape me, that much was obvious. I wasn’t as sure what would happen to me after that, would they kill me, or pass me around first? Maybe they’d go down the Steve and Bucky route and try to knock me up. Choices choices.
“Stark? Stark, are you well?” he could barely hear her but he was glad he wasn't alone. He wished he could return the favour
“No?” I asked, cocking an eyebrow. “Because telling me how special I am because I’m not a blithering idiot isn’t exactly a compliment. Omegas aren’t morons, Steve and I’m not special for being able to string a sentence together.”
“Of course they are,” I said, showing him my throat as I purposefully didn’t look at him. Oh yeah, old Buck was crushing hard. “You’re not taking me back there out of the goodness of your hearts.”
Seemed like Bucky was up and back to fighting fit. He and Rogers were literally tearing the bikers apart. Even as I watched, Bucky tore the arm off the annoying beta woman. She fell to the floor in a pool of her own blood, screaming hysterically and crying for help. The other bikers fell back after that, leaving her to die as they made a break for the bikes.
. “Please, let go of me.”
So I punched him in the motherfucking eye.
Steve’s hand tightened on the steering wheel. “I’ve just realised I don’t even know your name.”
I waited until we reached 60 miles per hour and stretched my arms languidly. Bucky clearly didn’t expect me to suddenly reach out and grab the wheel. Why would he when I’d acted so perfectly docile for days?
Besides all of that, Steve felt like something fishy is going on there.
…about whatever the thing that popped in his head was.
The yelling stopped and the two very annoyed teammates entered the living room, and unsurprisingly- they both looked pissed.
More silence.
That earned him another Nat-Slap, which was no fun considering it was the second one today.
He couldn’t hear the sudden silence past the blood rushing in his ears. It wasn’t until he sensed a shadow pass over him that he blinked open his eyes. The Titan loomed over them, looking at them with mild curiosity.
“Get off me,” he cried, near frantic as he tried to escape. It hurt him, pulling at the wound in his stomach. “Get off.”
I could feel sweat break out on my skin and an uncontrollable whimper break free. The alpha grin widened in response as he abruptly pulled me against his side and shoved his face back against my throat. “I can’t remember the last time I had me an omega,” he breathed wetly against my neck.
“Hand him over, Dames,” the woman said, sounding bored. “You know you can’t keep him.”
“Nothing bad,” Steve said, pressing his hand against my knee and squeezing in what he presumably
“Nonsense, you’re clearly restless. Let’s give you the opportunity to use that big brain of yours.”
“Buck, why don’t you go sort breakfast. Tony and I will be along shortly.”
Steve sat down and I found myself sandwiched between the two men. The two very large, very healthy looking men.
I felt wiry arms wrap around my waist, dragging me to my feet and pulling me back into the van. I started to panic when I was forced onto my back. All the beta had to do was snarl in my face and I went limp.
I flashed him a smile and sat back with my arms crossed. Before Bucky could try to bully me into complying, Steve reached across both of us and strapped me in.
“Famished,” I said, using the sort of accent my mom paid thousands of dollars in allocution lessons for me to perfect. “Thanks Buck.”
I refused to conform. I had a mind and I had plans. None of those plans included a life of sitting pretty and being silent. Luckily we were very rich and I was indulged, for the most part. My dad wasn’t around much but he understood that, omega or not, I had enough of his intellect that leaving me unoccupied and bored would likely end with something being blown up. So I received schooling way past the age of most omegas. I was taught how to ride a bike and drive a car. I could shoot a gun and fix engines, climb trees and exercise freely. My absolute favorite thing to do was build things. I could spend days lost to my lab, tinkering and building as I helped to build a better future. It was everything I could ask for and more than most omegas could ever dream of. I was lucky and happy. It was pretty cool, if a little lonely.
Tony went limp.
It would have been bad if I didn’t get away. It would have been really, really bad.
“Because the helpless little omega is incapable of taking care of himself, right?” I snorted, feeling a sudden and overwhelming sense of frustrating. I wanted to lash out. To hurt them until they felt as helpless as I did.
I could feel my heart beating frantically in my chest as my fight or flight instincts kicked in. He was only one guy, I reasoned. Sure, he was bigger than me but he wasn’t
“Don’t tell me I’ve finally managed to shut you up, Stark?” the alien asked some short time later. The bastard enjoyed torturing him -- though, for the most part, he was careful not to leave any permanent damage. He tutted loudly when Tony didn’t respond. “Have I hurt you, little brother? Have you perchance lost your voice? Oh dear, but what are you without your incessant chatter, human? Do you suppose father will want to keep you when you’re no longer of any use to him?”
Tony's defence mechanism is to swear...like a lot...
“Don’t,” Steve said, his eyes locked on the road.
I curled further into myself and wondered if there was any chance, at all, that they’d just kill one another. Steve was some sort of super badass -- maybe they’d all go to town and I could just waltz out, grab a car and run for the hills. Crazier things had happened.
“Not like I’ve got anywhere else to be,” I said, jumping off the hood of Bucky’s car before I was physically moved. Somehow, walking to my own death felt better than being dragged. “We were just talking about how psyched we are to almost be home.”
This is a short chapter - sorry guys and gals. Just trying to get back into the swing!
The brunet shrugged. “Couldn’t care less.”
“It would take nothing for me to end you, my child,” Thanos said, lifting his hand and showing the mind-reader his gauntlet. “A mere click of my fingers and you would cease to even exist.”
“You must be hungry,” he said, proving my point by dropping his gaze and turning back to the fire. Showing me just how much of a non-threat I was. “We’ve got some soup. Bet it’s been awhile since you last ate something hot.”
No need to get upset.”
I reasoned, impressed he was able to walk without assistance. I startled a little when Steve took his jacket out of the car and draped it over my shoulders, effectively covering me in his scent. “I don’t want any trouble in there,” he warned, winding up the tether that connected us and taking a firm hold of my wrist. “Keep your head down and your mouth closed.”
“Yeah,” I said, turning my wrist is his loosening hold. “You did. So, you going to let go?”
“Yeah, yeah ok,” the other alpha said, his voice small as he thankfully left the room.
“Well, well,” he said, turning to look at me fully. “Aren’t you just full of surprises?”
“Not like who? The rapists? The molesters? Way to set the bar fucking low.”
“I could, but if Stark survives it will be because he fought to live. I will not abide weakness among my children.”
“What about you?”
“I’ve just been
I felt sick. “Keep your goddamn hands to yourself,” I shouted, slapping him away and twisting towards the door. “You need to let me out. I need to get out.”
“What if I said to you that that was exactly what we were doing?”
They’d probably been tailing them all day and I was too wrapped up in his own panic to notice. No wonder Bucky had been ignoring me.
Pretty soon I could feel myself start to drift off again. I didn’t try to fight it and snoozed lightly as the two alphas moved quietly around the room.
“I didn't mean that,” Steve said, looking a little lost. Poor dear really was trying to be kind. It was a pity I wasn’t feeling particularly benevolent . “I’m not trying to degrade you.”
-- urged, reaching for his arm. “Quickly, before he returns.”
“There are just a lot of alphas where I’m from. You have to be hard. Posture. You know?”
So saying the asshole stepped into my space, hooked an arm around my waist and dragged me out of the fucking car without so much as a by your leave. He set me down on the ground and smiled widely when I showed him my teeth.
We stopped outside a large mesh gate and a beautiful woman with strawberry coloured hair leaned into the car window. She looked me over before turning to Steve. “Nothing to report here.” Her gaze moved to Bucky. “You OK?”
Tony felt like a rabbit cornered by fox, frozen and unable to look away. He found himself nodding woodenly and couldn’t drop his gaze until the Titan turned away.
“He is mortal,” the Ebony Maw hissed, pressing his hand over Starks eyes when they began to flicker open. The soft whimpers turned into sharper, fearful gasps of panic and fear. Stark lifted his hands and weakly attempted to remove the telepaths grip.
“I’m great,” he said brightly.
“You smell like you’re about to have a panic attack,” Bucky said, placing the promised cans of soup on the ground in front of me.
The barman’s eye flickered behind me and a few seconds later another man stepped up to the bar. The first thing I noticed was how clean he was. Like on another level tidy. It was fucking weird. He had light blonde hair and an unnervingly focused gaze. He was taller than me by several inches and looked like he ate and exercised regularly.
“But why?”
I tried to open my door but it was wedged shut. I turned blearily to the hood and realised the engine was in flames.
“I don’t want to,” Tony said, digging his heels in only to be dragged off his feet. He stumbled to his knees and was dragged until he managed to find his footing “No, wait.”
Steve huffed out a breath. It might have been a laugh, or possibly and much more likely, a coping mechanism to refrain from strangling me. “Are you going to behave or do I need to tie you up?”
“How much time do you think we have?” he asked, trying not to rest his head on her shoulder as she moved methodically forward. It was jarring and it hurt but he held on anyway. What choice did he have? Stark men were made of iron. He would carry on. He would get home. He needed to see -- he needed to find out who was left.
Cause yup, he wasn’t even close to being ok.
“Where’s here?” I asked, unresisting as he lifted me over the gear stick and pulled me out of the drivers-side door. Were we in their settlement already? They said they were only a day away, but that was before the fight.
I was suddenly torn between anger and terror. I felt a whine crawl up my throat and was incapable of holding it in. Both men cringed and moved towards me.
“I would say I didn’t believe you,” I said truthfully. “No ones does anything without something in return.”
? Fuck!
“Because that’s the way it is. It’s the way it’s always been.”
, I was worse off than I first thought. I stumbled forward a few feet and then collapsed. My ears were ringing and I wondered briefly if I had a concussion. I didn’t remember hitting his head but everything had happened so quickly. I reached out and tentatively ran my fingers through my filthy hair and felt a spark of panic when they came back sticky with blood.
I looked at the barman, hoping for a little help. Fat fucking chance there. The man was already moving away nervously.
Jesus, what did he think I was going to do? Then again, I guess I had nearly killed them both...twice.
“You will mind your tongue when you speak to our father, curd,” Proxima Midnight snarled, grabbing the startled Terran by the back of his neck and dragging him up onto his toes. “Look at lord Thanos when he addresses you and show deference in his presence.”
It was approaching dusk when I caught sight of the town walls. I sat forward and almost immediately found myself pinned against the seat by a metal arm. “What are you doing?” I asked, more surprised than angry.
The newcomer wasn’t going to help me. No one in the bar was going to fucking help me. Steve’s grip on my neck slackened, not letting go but no longer squeezing. I sucked in a desperate breath and tried to break free. The man squeezed in warning and then threw me into a booth. I scrambled to escape the other end and the brunet sat down, blocking my exit. I stared at him warily, waiting.
“It’s faint, but yeah I can scent it. Damn, Steve.”
**************************
Great, now we were getting somewhere.
, Steve was lying half on top of me,
He had the decency to look a little ashamed. “We don’t want to have to force you.”
The alien guaffed mockingly. “She is the weakest among us. A disgrace to our father and a traitor. Death would be too kind an end for Nebula, though she may soon beg for it.”
Steve seemed to hesitate for a moment before holding his hand out to me. “It’s nice to meet you, Tony.”
“Oh yeah,” he said, the words rattling out of his mouth like vomit. “I’m awesome. Squidworth and me, we’re having a blast. Ain’t that right, bro?”
“Behave,” he growled.
He was kidding, right? “You’re kidding, right?”
It shouldn’t have surprised him that Thanos would torture one of his own -- the guy was clearly a lunatic -- but it still pissed him off. Why hurt her? She couldn’t give him anything in return, he’d already won. It was just torture for the hell of it.
, was looming over him, their faces only inches apart. Tony felt his panic flare. How was he alive? He was sucked out into the vacuum of space. How could anything survive that? “Hey, Squidward,” he said, unable to hold the words back despite the ice cold fear he felt running through his veins. “Kudos for still being alive. I guess you must be really good at holding your breath.”
Tony indulged himself and flipped the asshole the bird behind his back. It was petty as hell but it made him feel better. It was the little things.
Another thought occurred to me suddenly. “Bucky, he’s getting breakfast?”
They would have been a hell of a find. Pity I didn’t get the chance to really scope out the van. I guessed it served me right for napping.
? “What?” I said, gaping at him.
My friend. My --
“Yeah,” Bucky said with a tired sigh. He looked over at me, his gaze accessing. “What about you, are you OK?
“Sorry,” Steve said sheepishly, hastily drawing back as I attempted to rub away the hurt. “We’ve made camp,” he gestured behind him, looking a little unsure. Maybe it was because I was giving him the stink eye.
, he wanted to scream.
The creature smiled and then backhanded Tony hard enough to cause his already scattered brain to short circuit. He hissed out a sharp breath before turning on his side and curling into himself a little.
“Look for him,” the first voice snarled. “He can’t have got far.”
“Language,” Steve said sternly.
Except they weren't going to. No one was going to help me. And they knew.
“Fine!” I snapped, walking around to the passenger side and climbing inside. I was there for less than thirty seconds when I heard Buck swear and hastily follow me. I openly smirked at him. “Scared I’m going to leave you?” I asked sweetly.
Of course. She was the reason they failed. Quill, overcome with grief, had lashed out and lost them all their one advantage.
“Are you sure you’re OK?” he sniffed delicately, which was dangerously close to being hella rude. Which really was laughable considering they were still in the process of kidnapping me, but still. “I said I’m fine. Jesus, what do you want from me? A goddamn doctors certificate!”
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” I asked, genuinely perplexed.
“I do oppose you,” Tony said, lifting his gaze and meeting the aliens with all the hatred he could muster. “I despise you.”
Things were pretty tense after that. I might have purposefully made things a little worse by screaming “what’s that?” at a decidedly still, regular looking rock.
I managed to hold onto the gun. Part of me was frankly amazed it hadn’t gone off. Fuck, what had I been thinking? Impulses got people killed. I knew better. I should have waited for a better opportunity.
, I was pinned and
It was during those moments that the grief would hit, pummelling the sweet memories into pain and longing. My breath would catch and my eyes would mist up, and --
“I do not wait for humans,” the Maw said, towing him along easily .“Least of all for you, Stark.” He opened the door to the chamber and took Tony out among the various aliens prowling the ship.
Tony realised Nebula had released his mouth but she was still holding him securely around the waist. “You could have done it quickly,” Tony said, his voice weak but brimming with anger. “You didn’t need to torture him. You don’t need to keep torturing your daughter.”
Steve turned around to look at me with a blank expression on his stupidly perfect face. “Run.”
I realised my mouth was open and closed it with an audible click. Bucky guided me out of the car and that’s when I realised the Steve was sat in the jeep I had seen the day before. Apparently whoever it used to belong to was no longer in the picture.
, often and loudly. I wanted to know why I couldn’t go out and play like the other children. I demanded the right to learn and travel and be a goddamn human being. My plumbing didn’t make me a lesser person. Being able to have a kid didn’t make me weak or stupid.
“We’re here. Come on.”
“You guys are assholes,” I mumbled, pulling my knees up to my chest.
The ship appeared to be huge but it was far from pretty. No one smiled or laughed. It was like being at SHIELD headquarters, only dirtier and uglier.
A few hours later I was starting to get really tired. I didn’t know where I was headed or how long it would take to reach another town. I figured I should probably sleep but I hated the idea of being out in the open. Sure, I hadn’t seen another car for hours but that didn’t mean someone else wouldn't stumble across me later in the night.
So I questioned things --
,” he said, his voice a painful rasp.
that the panic started to make sense.
It was a long and tiring ride. There was only so much time a body could sit rigid with fear and anxiety before exhaustion took over. I slumped against the atrociously uncomfortable carseat and spent some time staring despondently out of the window. The the view was mind numbingly dull, Bucky wasn’t speaking to me and pretty soon I got bored.
“Did you, terran?” the alien asked, moving closer into Tony’s space. “Then you heard he had plans for you. That he wishes to make you one of his children?”
The van stopped.
Freedom at last. Thank fuck!
“Sleep, Stark,” the alien said, his answering smile cruel and mocking as he pressed down briefly on Tony’s eyes, blinding him. “Sleep and heal and in time we shall see what it is our father has planned for you."
And then Pepper came into my life...
“See you in there,” she said to Steve, stepping back.
“Yes,” I croaked, genuinely concerned she would accidentally shoot me in the face if she didn’t stop thrashing the gun around.
“What is it you imagine you’re going to do?” Thanos asked with something akin to curiosity.
“The boy?”
He gasped as his body was literally thrown through the air and he hit the floor with a painful thud. He grunted at the impact, groaning softly as he tried to scramble back to his feet, only to be forced down by an invisible force.
“I doubted,” she gasped, unsmiling. “And yet here you are.”
“Sure thing,” Tony said, his smile slipping. “She isn’t moving.”
“Tony, enough!” Steve snapped sometime later.
“We don’t have time!”
, but he wasn’t trying to hurt me. He was just a sleep snuggler. Go fucking figure.
“Somehow Tony, I just don’t believe you.”
“Tony,” Bucky said softly, like he was talking to a child. “We’re not going to make you do anything you don’t want to. It’s just — you’re filthy. It can’t be comfortable.”
At least it helped alleviate the boredom somewhat; not that Tony was desperate to interact with the alien. It seemed hatred was a pretty universal language and the Maw was fluent. “Nowhere special. Thought I might just stretch my legs,” the alien stared wordlessly back at him. “You know...go for a walk?”
“We should have left him in the back,” Steve said, starting the van up and driving.
“Why don’t you take a nap, Tony?” Bucky suggested with a bright grin on his scraped face.
Honestly, he didn’t know what he could possibly do but he needed to try. No one deserves to be tortured.
I felt smothered, trapped and helpless -- all emotions I absolutely abhorred. I caught Steve’s scent and lifted both of my hands, relieved they were mostly free. I could hear his sure, even breaths and realised that
“If we left you now you’d be dead in a week,” Steve said, pulling out a small pocket knife and jimmying open a can of soup. “I know you don’t believe us yet, but we’re doing this for your own good.”
“All the more reason to stay as far away from him as possible,” she said, tugging hard on his wrist until Tony was standing level with her. “Your suit?”
We miraculously ended rightside up. I turned my head slowly and felt a little numb when I realised Bucky was no longer beside me. The windshield was destroyed and the logical conclusion was that the man had been thrown from the car, just like I suspected he would be.
“And so my alternative is rolling over for you and good ol’ Bucky? Thank, but I’ll pass.”
It did sound tempting and it seemed pretty pointless to fight them for the sake of it. I clearly wasn’t going anywhere until the opportunity presented itself. I shrugged and stepped past him, collapsing down in front of the fire.
“Someone was protecting you. Helping you, weren’t they?”
“Your newest child begged a walk, my lord,” the Maw purred over the top of Tony’s head, his long spindly fingers enveloping the engineers upper arms. “I thought you might appreciate the temporary distraction.”
Tony flipped her the bird in lieu of an actual answer.
“Tony, are you ok?”
He instinctively looked for Nebula and found her in the same spot beside the throne, her body prone and unmoving. He couldn’t tell if she was hurt but he didn’t hold much hope that she was being treated well. True, he hadn’t been hurt yet -- not really anyway -- but harming Nebula seemed to be fair game. Her father had literally tortured her since she was a little girl. Was he still abusing her, was he punished her for her part in the rebellion?
I fidgeted a little, uncomfortable with the weird vibes the two were giving off. The moment I moved, Steve’s gaze jumped to me, his lips pulling back in a faint snarl as the car drew to a halt.
I woke with a jolt, disorientated and groggy. I was still exhausted, which is why I didn’t immediately notice why my heart was beating painfully hard in my chest. It wasn’t until I tried to move and realised
-- the poor kid -- he was so young…
“Perhaps, should he prove himself worthy.”
Tony gave it some thought and yeah, he wasn’t going anywhere on his own. “You any good at piggybacks?”
He had to jog just to keep up with the alien, the Maw’s gangly frame easily outflanking him. “We don’t need to see Thanos. He hasn’t asked for us -- no need to piss him off on my account Squidward.”
“We did, but she died a while back. Her apprentice was still pretty green and we haven’t been able to find a replacement yet,” he gave Tony a mock-sly look. “You thinking of applying for the job.
Steve smirked and sat back, looking at me with a thoughtful expression. “You’re living on borrowed time. The fact that you had to come out of hiding means staying under the radar is no longer an option. Sooner or later someone was bound to notice you. You can try to mask your scent all you like, but even under all that stink there’s no hiding what you really are.”
She seemed satisfied that I would do as I was told and got out of the van. I stayed flat for a little while as I tried to overcome the biological need to stay small and hidden. I sat up slowly and felt my jaw drop.
Tony released a slow, shuddering breath. “Don’t you think you’ve done enough?”
“We need to leave,” the woman --
“Then
“I’m not unhappy to see your face,” she answered, closing her eyes and pressing her cheek against the floor. “Where have you been?”
Bucky scoffed and ruffled my hair. “I think his ramblings cute.”
. Fuck -- they were all gone.
We were at a standstill. I thought my heart was going to pop out of my chest and then Steve abruptly pulled off his shirt and proceeded to strip. I realised my eyes were bugging out of my head and quickly dropped my gaze.
“Nobody,” Tony said, feeling a painful ache in his chest. “Just a dumb kid in way over his head.”
“Go back to your corner, Stark.”
“That’s because you stole our van and left us stranded. We were attacked.”
“What sort of knives?”
“I didn’t mean it like that,” Steve sputtered, his cheeks turning a faint shade of red. “I just want you to understand that we’re not doing any of this to hurt you, Tony. You’re just making it kind of hard-“
“Do I have a choice?”
“Don’t touch me,” I said, when I felt Steve shift around.
“Whatcha doin’ Steve?” a dark haired man asked as he stepped lazily towards us. He had light blue eyes and a classically handsome square jaw. He was equally as clean as the douche currently strangling me, but not quite as well built. He stared impassively back at me when our eyes met.
The odd thing was that Steve wasn’t looking at me or Bucky. He was staring up the road. I followed the line of his gaze and felt my stomach clench.
I scrambled back, grabbing the cuffs and putting them back on without locking them. I had just enough time to pocket the screw and then the door opened and Bucky was peering in at me.
“My children,” he said, leaning back on his throne as his gaze moved to the Maw. “To what do I owe this pleasure?”
She continued to stare before abruptly releasing a brittle pearl of laughter.Though it clearly hurt her she struggled into an upright position. “Do you seek to replace what you’ve lost, Thanos?” she rasped, gaining the titans attention. “The Terran is not Gamora. He will not bring you the joy you seek.”
“He is stable, my lord, but weak,” the Ebony Maw noted, running his fingers over the terrans narrow chest with easy familiarity. “It took much to keep him alive. He may yet still perish.”
I did as I was told, helping to move the gear from the destroyed van. I wasn’t sure I was too much help, considering the ridiculous loads both men could carry. Once we were done I was ordered back into the van. Steve entered a few minutes later with a long strip of cloth in his hands.
It was pathetically simple for him to maneuver me into the cuffs and drag me outside. The barman and Steve shook hands and then he followed us outside. I fought with everything I had, kicking and screaming. Steve just threw me over one large shoulder and walked until we reached a beat up looking van. They opened the back and Steve placed me inside with surprising gentleness.
”No arguments from me,” Bucky said, yawning widely as he sat down on the mattress, sufficiently jostling me enough that I growled groggily.
“I’m not saying this right,” Steve said, wiping his hand over his face tiredly.
“Seems that way,” Tony whispered back, trying to find a comfortable spot on the cold mesh flooring. The room was uncomfortably cool and the metal was sapping away what little body heat he had left. The ridiculously thin, cotton-like shift and trousers they’d forced him to wear weren’t helping much. In fact, he didn’t think he’d felt comfortably warm since waking up. “Apparently daddykins wants to adopt lucky little ol’ me...and he’s not taking no for an answer.”
“Seriously Tony. Please, just calm down.”
Tony must have looked pretty shit. Poor Nebula. She was going to be left alone on a broken planet, fearfully waiting for the return of her genocidal father. Or worse, what if she was wrong and he didn’t return? She would spend the rest of her life in complete isolation. It seemed cruel, leaving her alone.
“You heard correctly,” Thanos said in an almost but not quite amused tone.
“Make me.”
I was used to people looking at me. Before, when my world wasn’t nearly as shit at is was now, I’d enjoyed the protection and admiration that went hand in hand with being the son of one of the most important men on the planet. I knew how to deal with scrutiny. Only -- spending so much time with just Pepper for company must have made me rusty because I could feel the tenuous hold on my temper start to fray. “
I had about three seconds to panic before a granite-like hold clamped onto my ankle and I was being dragged out from underneath the truck. A dirty, bearded alpha loomed over me, his craggy face morphing into a grin as I stared, frozen, back at him.
“Yeah, I can smell it. You’re scared, panicked and anxious,” Steve got a weird look in his eyes as he leaned closer. “But you’re still rational. You’re not so completely, mindlessly out of your mind with terror that you can’t think. You’ve shown me your throat -- what is it -- once? The whole time we’ve been together, after everything that’s happened and you’ve only shown me your throat one time. It’s remarkable.”
I had to move. Steve would go to Bucky first. If Bucky was dead Steve would probably kill me. Grief could do terrible things to people.
“Tony?” A hand waved in front of my face, bringing me back to here and now. I realised how close Bucky was standing and flinched away violently. I was only a little surprised when he immediately backed off. “You OK?”
I bit down my initial response, which was to mock and pretty much tear him apart. I was still angry and he was still holding onto me. I wanted him to let me go and nothing I had tried so far was making him back off. I wasn’t an idiot -- I knew when it was time to change tactics. “I want you to let go of me,” I said, taking a deep breath and instantly regretting it when I realised that the tent, beneath Steve’s strong alpha scent, absolutely reeked of my distress.
“You look better than the last time I saw you, Stark,” Thanos said, looking down at the little engineer, pleased that he was standing without aid. “I’m told you’re almost completely healed.”
“Good, you can help us move the supplies between the vans. Don’t leave my side.”
Oh god,
The withering look Steve gave me would have felled a lesser man. I met his gaze with wide and innocent eyes.
There was nowhere to go, nowhere to hide. I was a dead man. I wondered what Pepper would think of me -- the first time I go out on my own and I mess up so badly I get myself kidnapped and ultimately murdered -- I couldn’t help but think I’d failed her.
Steve slowly started to stir when he felt a hand ran through his hair. The first thing he noticed was the well known smell of  antiseptic. Hospital. He carefully opened his eyes, blinking a couple of times to clear his vision and he was really glad when he found that not only his vision wasn't blurry as before but this time his head wasn't pounding that badly either, only a slightly persistent throb.
"Tell me what you need, Stevie."
Steve didn't wanted nothing more than to go back to bed and to forget this ever happened, but his stomach still had other plans. He just groaned and started to dry heave. After a few minutes, though, his stomach actually began to settle for the first time.
"Steve, babe, wake up." Tony gently kissed his hair, hoping to rouse Steve.
"What hurts?" Tony blurted out, his voice laced with concern when he saw Steve squeezing his eyes shut.
"Think you're done, buddy?" Tony asked when he saw that Steve was only dry heaving. Instead of answering Steve just slumped against Tony, burying his face on the iron suit.
"Shit" Tony muttered, holding Steve from behind as he gagged again, his stomach splattering against the pavement floor. "Call an ambulance." He said to Clint.
"I'm gonna update the others. Keep an eye on him." He said to Natasha.
His stomach groaned loudly and lurched again, pouring out more of it's spoiled contents into the once clean water. The taste lingered on his tongue and he gagged again, sending another wave splashing against the porcelain.
"You're welcome, Steve. But please don't you ever think to do something like this. again. I'm too old for this." Tony said while walking over to Steve's bed. He gently squeezed the younger man's shoulder before he turned to leave the room.
Clint took the bottle from Tony's hand and emptied all over Steve's face, being careful to not let the super soldier breathe in the water. "He stopped sweating. We need to rehydrate him. Give me another bottle."
It was then that he started to return to true consciousness and he couldn't tell if it was embarrassment or the fever burning in his cheeks. Either way, he really didn't like it. He knew he was still weak and that he probably couldn't get himself cleaned up and back to bed alone even if he tried.
Tony's eyes widened at the new information. Steve really had to be feeling exhausted and bad enough to sleep after 6AM. Sometimes, it was like he had an internal clock that every day at 6AM would wake him up and he would be ready to go for morning run.
To be honest Steve was exhausted. This cleaning duty was taking longer than all of them had expected, mainly because since it was so hot out there, they kept having to take breaks and turns cleaning up. Well, not all of them.
"Cap? Earth to Steve..." Tony waved his hand in front of the super soldier's face, smirking when Steve's already red cheeks turned even brighter. "You zoned out for a sec. You good?"
"Are you sure?"
" 'm just gonna rest my eyes for a few minutes." Steve whined, grabbing a fistful of Tony's hoodie. "Please"
Steve felt a hand on his back and he thought that he should've been relaxed that Tony was now here, but for some reason, his brain took that as a cue for an emotional breakdown. He shut his eyes against the tears and hummed out a low whine, just trying not to sob. He was still confused and half asleep, so what little grasp he might have had on his emotional state was totally out the window now. He buried his face in the arm that was draped across the toilet bowl and muffled a broken sob.
"Captain Rogers seems to be severely dehydrated and he is showing signals of heat exhaustion. His temperature is currently 104.8 and climbing and his heartbeat is elevated."
"You need a shower. That's what you need." Tony said, carding his fingers through Steve's hair. Steve knew he was right but that didn't made it suck any less.
"I don't think you have much of a choice on this one, buddy." Clint said, twisting the cap of one of the water bottles and handing it to his sick friend. He ended up having to hold the bottle to Steve's lip when they found out he was too shakey to hold it without spilling.
The first thing he did was throw up directly onto the closed toilet lid. Well, fuck.
"No hospital." Steve's voice was muffled but they could understand him loud and clear.
"I already did that, Sir." Jarvis interrupted. "But there was an accident a couple blocks ahead of your location and the paramedics are having problems getting to where you are."
"My body still aches and 'm really thirsty."
"Thanks for having my back out there, by the way."
"M' stomach hurts." Steve whined with a broken voice and puppy dog eyes that Tony hardly recognized on his usually strong boyfriend. But he sure loved that side of Steve.
"It's 6: 45 AM, Sir.  You and Captain Rogers have been asleep for almost two hours."
Somehow he managed to lift the seat before puking again. If it was even possible, his stomach was more upset now. Another gag slipped through his mouth and Steve found his head buried deep in the toilet bowl. It took a few heaves for him to became slightly lucid again, just enough for him to flush the toilet.
"Get off" Steve insisted, squirming a bit. Tony obeyed, taking off his hand, figuring that Steve was getting overwhelmed.
"Thanks" Steve whispered, not even bothering to open his eyes. He let his head rested in the crook of Tony's neck and in less than a couple of minutes he felt sleep washing over him.
His head wasn't stopping spinning and neither was his stomach contents. It was easily one of the worst that he ever felt since he was given the serum. It was the kind of sickness that left you feeling worse than before you puked. He could feel himself shaking as he gripped the toilet bowl, trying to keep himself upright.
"And don't even think about telling us you are fine. You clearly are not." Steve's was still very pale and he had dark circles under his eyes, not to mention how much his hands were shaking.
"Hey, I'm fine, Nat"
Tony was thankfully not wrapped around him, so he could kick the blanket off his too warm body and get some fresh air. The second he was upright, though, he knew he had about fifteen seconds before his dinner would be coming back up his throat.
After Clint had emptied three water bottles all over Steve's body, the super soldier started showing signs that he was going to wake up soon. The colors on his too pale cheeks were slowly returning and they could hear him groaning.
"Fuck." Tony looked to his right side and saw that Clint was watching them with wide eyes. He didn't blame the guy for panicking it wasn't everyday they saw their captain passed out but right now he needed him to focus.
Tony seemed to sense that he couldn't get a break, so he reached over and flushed the toilet. That helped a bit with Steve's nausea but somehow his stomach wasn't completely empty yet and that was all that mattered. He spat on the toilet water for a few quiet seconds before he was back to heaving and he was really getting frustrated now.
"Someone needed to clean this place." Steve shrugged, his head still throbbed and the last thing he wanted to do was argue with Tony.
Tony couldn't process how fast things had gone downhill. One second Steve was fine or at least as fine as someone could be while working under an extreme heat and then one second later he's the only thing keeping Steve from face planting on the floor.
"Aw, honey, I'm sorry. I know you must be feeling terrible." Tony whispered, wrapping his arms around Steve's trembling figure. He cupped Steve's cheek with his hand and grimaced when he felt the heat radiation of his sking. "You're burning"
Now that his stomach had stopped bothering for the moment Steve could feel  how exhausted he was. He leaned against Tony, letting his eyes drop closed.
Tony did as Clint told, gladly that he had taken control over the situation.
Steve and Tony each held a corner of the concrete. "Ready?" Steve nodded and quickly stood up while Tony did the same on his side.
"Jarvis, what time is it?" Tony mumbled through a yawn.
"Yeah. We don't know how long it's gonna take for the medicals to get here and he doesn't need to suffer because of that incompetence."
"I'm sorry, I'm really sorry Tony." Steve whispered as Tony took the toilet paper and wiped off his mouth. "I can clean it up."
Pepper used to say the most dangerous thing in the word was a bored Tony Stark.
“Where’s Nebula?” Tony asked, ignoring the erratic beating of his heart. He wondered somewhat absently if he was about to have a heart attack. He tensed when the alien grabbed his shoulder and turned him back onto his back. The grip on his skull moved slowly down and curled around his chin, forcing his head back and exposing his throat.
What really surprised me was Steve’s answering, gentling rumble. We looked at each other briefly and I felt my lips twist into a smirk when he quickly looked away.
“You heard them speak of Gamora?” Nebula asked in her soft, robotic voice.
I usually avoided crowded places. People had a nasty tendency of noticing me. I’d learned over the years, though countless painful experiences, that being noticed was not a good thing. I knew I didn’t help matters. Being quiet and unassuming went against my nature. More often than not I made bad situations a thousand times worse just by opening my mouth. I had a knack for pissing people off.
I had maybe one blissful moment of silence before I felt both men’s eyes on me. “We need to talk,” Steve said, his expression harsh.
“I’ve managed this long,” I said, a little insulted despite myself.
“Why are you here, Stark?” Nebula asked, her eyes flicking briefly to Thanos before locking on the engineer. “Did he heal you?”
That same blank stare.
Steve’s fingers spasmed, his fingers clenching on the steering wheel.
“Thanks for noticing,” Bucky said brightly, placing a bowl of brown gruel in my lap. “Hope you guys are hungry?”
“What?” I asked, genuinely confused.
“It’s destroyed,” she whispered unnecessarily, releasing Tony and dropping to her knees.
“Because we don’t have any.”
“Tony, please be quiet.” Steve said, sounding tired.
“Thanos isn’t coming back,” Tony said, aware how dull and listless he sounded. His mind felt foggy. Shock. He was in shock. “Why would he? He’s already won.”
“No,” the younger man growled, not letting up. “Sleep.”
Tony still hadn’t figured out what Chōṭā was supposed to mean. Once he realised Tony wasn't going to use his real name the alien had started to refer to him by a number of nicknames, not all of them English and none of them complimentary. It was a mild annoyance, all things considered. Especially when he the Maw’s eye still twitched every time Tony called him Voldemort.
Bucky’s lip twitched into a smile. Smiling was good. Smiling meant he might actually like me a little. “How about you sit by the window this time? I’ll even wind it down, in case you need to, you know...”
Thanos thankfully didn’t have anyone in attendance, so Tony didn’t need to deal with his other
“You have something to trade?”
Tony felt arms wrap around his waist seconds before he was hauled backwards. He panicked and instinctively started to struggle when he looked over his shoulder and realised it was Nebula. And then the alien charged.
“Seems like you know him pretty well,” Tony remarked, leaving the question open ended. When it was clear she had no intention of answering Tony indulged in an eyeroll. “How do you know him so well?”
The corridors were covered in metal piping and wires. Tony’s fingers itched to get closer to them but he resisted the urge and kept his head down. They passed a number of people, some chitauri and other aliens Tony didn’t recognise. All of them bowed as the Maw passed, seemingly keen to avoid notice.
“Takes one to no one,” Bucky said brightly.
And, when everything was said and done, did I really want to hurt Bucky?
Tony couldn’t see. He could hear and he could feel --
“Good luck with that,” I sniped, honestly unable to help myself. Despite my sass, I didn't resist as I was pressed flat against the bed. “So why the stopover?” I asked, genuinely intrigued.
“You would have spared him?” the Titan asked, seemingly genuinely curious.
“You’re an impressive man,” Steve said, stroking along my throat softly as he pulled me a little closer. From someone I knew and trusted I might have considered the gesture soothing. From a blood soaked unfamiliar alpha it was terrifying. “Over the course of a few hours you managed to slip your cuffs, steal our van and leave us stranded. Not bad for a sand rat. I’m impressed.”
The sight of the stones made Tony’s insides feel like they were drenched in ice water. He wanted to run away, preferably screaming his goddamn head off. Instead, he took a small breath and walked to the indicated spot.
Not anymore, I realised. Now I had a van and everything inside it. I wasn’t sure how I was going to unload it without meeting more people. Lesson learned and all that but I figured it was a problem for another day.
Steve opened his eyes when he felt Tony tap his cheek and felt the world spun before him. His vision blurred considerably. " 'm dizzy" was all he could manage to mumble. His heart fluttered and he started falling forward, but Tony quickly held him.
"W- Wha' happened?" Steve shook his head, wincing at the stabbing pain that sprang behind his eyes but at least now he could see Clint and Tony faces.
The super soldier nodded, wincing a little when the motion still made his head swam.
"Steve?" He turned his head at the sound of his name and saw Natasha sat by the side of his bed. "How're feeling?" She placed her hand on his forehead, sighing when she noticed it was way cooler than when he was first brought in.
His state of being somewhat lucid was short and he swayed, bumping into the nightstand as he tried to fight his way through the bathroom door. He couldn't see straight and his stomach was doing flips, so the action of twisting the doorknob was more of a struggle than ever. His motor functions must not have failed him completely, because he made it inside and immediately launched his body toward the toilet.
"I'm gonna fly him to the hospital. I didn't want to that earlier because we didn't know what we were dealing with it."
Steve whimpered into the bowl as he felt the dizziness come back with a vengeance. Since the nausea seemed to have subsided a bit, he rested his head on the rim, sighing in relief when the cold contrasted with his too hot skin.
However, that could wait. He would just close his eyes for a few minutes while Steve slept.
However, as soon as he could move, Steve shot up. He coughed wetly, turning his head to the side so he wasn't facing any of them and both his teammates' eyes widened as they watched him heave suddenly, losing the little he had eaten all over the ground.
"He needs fluids in him ASAP. Cramps are another symptom of heat exhaustion." Clint whispered, running his fingers through Steve's hair.
"Shh, it was just an accident, love. It's alright." Tony said, trying to console him. "I'm not mad about that. I'll get it clean once you've showered. You should've just told me you weren't feeling well yet."
"Gosh Stevie, I thought you said you were feeling better."
Clint nodded, swearing under his breath as he rushed to their side. He couldn't believe his eyes that he had just seen their captain passed out. That just didn't happen.
He was overheated and freezing at the same time, somehow he was drenched in sweat and chills ran through his body simultaneously. He was still not quite sure if he was totally awake, either, so that was totally comforting and not terrifying at all.
Clint nodded and watched as Tony stood up easily enough with Steve in his arm. Cap had his eyes closed and Clint really hoped he was just simply asleep.
"Always."
"There's other five people who could be done that." Clint said, stopping the super soldier when he saw he was about to protest. "Yeah, you're right it might've taken longer but then this wouldn't have happened."
"I - Tony, I don't know, just..." He panted frustrated that he was unable to form many complete thoughts. But, even if he could, the space meant for words in his throat was now being taken up by a rising swell of aggressive nausea. He got the familiar feeling of his stomach turning and moved his head, just in time for another wave of sick gushed from his mouth. He gasped in a desperate breath, whimpering on the exhale.
"Well, you should've thought about that before you decided to push yourself beyond your limits. What were you even thinking when you decided that you could go days without getting proper rest or a decent meal?" Tony asked.
Steve knew he was the most efficient at this part of the job, since Thor was at Asgard at the moment. Therefore, he had been avoiding taking any unnecessary pauses, only stopping for bathroom breaks, water and energy bar which he knew wasn't ideal for anyone but especially for a guy like him with his superfast metabolism.
"I don't think that's a good idea" Tony said, sounding a little amused. "But since you asked so nicely I guess we can stay here for a bit and then shower."  Tony moved a little until he was leaning against the wall and Steve was pretty much on his lap.
"But I am. I guess my stomach just needed to make sure that whatever I had eaten was completely out of my system." Steve said, muffling a yawn into his fist.
Although Steve's eyelids felt like they weighted a ton, he finally managed to open them. He blinked a few times to try clear his vision but that didn't seem to do much, it just made his headache worse. All he could see were a couple of blury faces that were directly above him.
"Wanna go back to bed." He admitted shyly.
"That's what dehydration almost having a heat stroke does to you." Natasha said lightly but Steve  could hear the worry in her voice.
However, when Tony noticed he was taking more and more of Steve's weight he knew they needed to get up before Steve was completely useless again.
Tony knew he had asked a stupid question. It was obviously that Steve was far from okay, but he didn't know what else to say. Usually, he was the one throwing his gut up and Steve was the one who took care of him.
"My stomach." Steve mumbled, gripping his belly tightly. "I don' know why"
"Jarvis, tell me what's going."
"That's exactly what we need it." Clint said sarcastically.
Steve whined and tried to curl closer to Tony but the inventor quickly stopped him. "No, no, Steve. You just need to open your eyes for a few minutes, sweetie. Then you can go right back to sleep again." Tony said, shaking him awake.
"Hold tight, Cap." Tony whispered more to himself than his precious cargo.
Tony slowly opened his eyes, groaning softly. He didn't need anyone telling him that his few minutes of sleep had turned into at least an hour. The ache on his neck was enough to let him know that they had been in the same position for far too long.
He looked down at Steve who was still peacefully asleep and he really didn't wanna wake him up but he knew he would be more comfortable in a bed.
Hi, I'm back again. Sorry it took so long for me to update it, my life has been super busy lately. But I promise I'll try to update sooner this time. If you have any request, feel free to leave them in the comments below.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve's eyes shot open when he felt something damp touch his forehead. "Sorry, Cap, that should help reduce your fever until help gets here." Clint said, placing the cold wet fabric on Steve's feverish brow.
"Guess so."
Of course that didn't happen.
"Please make- make it stop" He begged quietly with a hiccup. His stomach was still churning furiously as if it didn't had already turned himself inside out and over.
"Steve? Can you hear us?" Tony lightly tapped his face and Steve groaned louder. "C'mon Cap, it's not naptime yet."
"Cap, you need to stay down." Clint joined in.
Steve almost moaned when he felt the coolness of the genius's hand on his too warm skin. Both Clint and Tony smirked but the inventor left his hand there.
He was still panting, floating in and out of consciousness, when the door bursted wide open next to him.
"I swear if I hear you complaining one more time, I'm gonna kill you." Tony grumbled, lifting another piece of concrete and putting out of the way. "You don't have the right 'cause I don't see you doing any of the hard work. You're just babbling non stop." Tony grumbled. He knew he was being a asshole but he was tired as hell and all he wanted was to go anywhere that had an A/C on.
It worked.
"Whoa, easy, Stevie." Steve thought he heard Tony talking to Clint, but he wasn't sure because his ears started ringing and then everything went black.
"You sure?" Tony asked, concerned. Steve nodded, yawning again. "Food poisoning is really a bitch." Tony murmured while gently rubbing softly circles on Steve's stomach.
“O Captain, my captain!” Tony crows, wheezing slightly on the last syllable in a way that is far too endearing for Steve to handle, especially given his own fragile state. When Tony reaches a hand up, Steve doesn’t hesitate to take it and haul him to his feet.
anything. It’s decadent and depraved, slick and hot and gasping. Tony makes every kiss an implicit promise for
—of sex to an already deep and intensely bonded friend + partnership. it works, and Tony is happy, but he still struggles to believe it when Steve says "I love you."
“You try any harder and I might actually pass out,” Tony says, sliding off of Steve’s lap and leaning back on his elbows to drink in the tableau that is Steve Rogers reaching sideways for a pillow and stripping the white silk case right off it with his teeth. He’s still so hopped up on giddy endorphins
he is a sweet, caring, kind, fierce, sexy, strong, dangerous, incredible, dorky, suave, fumbling genius of a man and he is
Steve remembers telling Tony he’d try the spicy rigatone alla vodka if he ever came here. Reservations to Carbone are hard to come by, and he should seize the opportunity while he can, even if it’s bittersweet. “Thanks. That’s okay. I think I’ll just—”
"My man?" Steve finally asked, and Clint's smile grew wider as he answered-
Just before he managed to sneak into the working place, Tony ran into someone familiar.
Tony checked the door behind him, which thankfully was still closed. He stepped aside, where he thought the cameras couldn't make his face and pointed the Scepter at the cage. "Stop calling it yours, I already called dibs. I'm just trying to get out of here, so you really shouldn't care too much about little ol' me. Do you actually know where there is another exit from this god awful place, or are you just annoying me on purpose?"
So yeah, Captain America didn't know who he could trust. He considered the team safe enough, even though they really were on edge. Something's keep feeling… wrong, missing. Like the team wasn't well built, and it really bothered him.
If you liked the story so far, please comment and leave Kudos- it encourages me to keep on writing!
Unfortunately, Tony couldn't find any ropes to tie those idiots up. Instead, out of lack of options, he stole their guns and tied their arms and legs with their clothes. A bit embarrassing for them, but at least they won't run around and tattletale about him.
(See the end of the chapter for
And when she was too stressed from her job (dealing with Avengers, SHIELD AND SI could be so fucking exhausting, really) –she turned to stress about her private life.
Steve just wished he could stop the blush from climbing to his cheeks.
A new girlfriend, maybe?
On the other hand… this wasn't only Captain America.
If you liked it, please comment or leave Kudos!
"I'm not here for the usual official business."
She did look into Tony's file at SI. It was mostly classified, but she couldn't understand why was it classified to her- she was one of the highest ranks, possibly the higher, short for Stane himself. Why couldn’t she see the file about a random citizen?
It seemed that the suit was fully functioning again, much to Steve's disappointment and dismay because when Iron Man spoke again it was in his usual robotic voice. "I'm offended, Captain Handsome,"
Though he WAS Iron Man, after all. That she couldn't deny to herself anymore.
After the party has ended, everyone went back to their home and Peter was fast asleep on his bed, tucked in with his Blue and Red PJ's on under the Blue and Red mattress, Harley and Tony want to the garage- where most of Tony's little inventions were.
"This dude needs to take a day off!" Clint continued shouting at no one in particular.
"Avengers." She greeted. Even though they were some sort of friends by now, as they all went by their first names with her and she was seeing them much more often now that they lived in the tower, she still kept on professional manner while around them. She couldn't afford her sanity by being friends with both heroes and villains; one was more than enough already.
"You're very observant, buddy. But I don’t know about you, I am very hungry right now. C'mon, let's go make some sandwiches. Harley, wanna join us?"
"And who might you be, running around with my weapon like that?" the villain asked, more like purred really, his eyes squinting and his grin growing darker by the second.
Iron Man stepped closer, the repulsors up but not lit up.
Oh lord give him strength.
Steve didn't want to think of Iron Man behind bars, he couldn't even picture it.
Why the fuck would Iron Man
"What are you doing inside this lab?" shit, he did
He only blinked at her in silence.
"Thanks, Dr., but I'm new around here. I need to get used to the rules of the place, you know?" Banner smiled at that as if he was actually feeling nice talking with him.
They got off the jet in another one of Stane Industries' factory, where Iron Man was already blowing up weapons and tech.
Steve bumped into Iron Man by accident.
Including, of course, his three dumbass robots: Dum-E, Butterfingers, and U, which were all created by him when he was in college. The garage also included one, top of the line yet one of his kind, AI. Introducing Jarvis; Just A Rather Very Intelligent System, as he lied to Harley. The truth was that Edwin Jarvis was a close friend of his father, back in his good days, around the time he helped with the Rebirth Project- back when he wasn't an abusive piece of shit.
Steve packed his shirts into a SHIELD duffle bag in silence, hearing Clint and Thor cheering loudly about moving to the Avengers Tower.
We're going briefly over the Chitaury invasion. Fighting and loving, maybe some other stuff too.
Excitement and worry filled Tony's gut, and he didn’t know which he was supposed to rely on for tonight's date.
The moment he saw the group of heroes leave elsewhere, he got up and left just behind them.
The Avengers called her in, something about the Iron Man case. This could go pear-shaped rather quickly, and she most certainly couldn't let it be that way.
Really, just a filler chapter.
the fourth attack this week, Clint considered actually jumping off a building just to stop these two.
Tony, and then Iron Man.
"It's what now?"
Maybe Tony could understand the upgrades, or where was Iron Man getting all of his equipment!
Clint shot the paralyzing arrow, which hit Iron Man's back. The Iron Man suit started falling, shutting down as it does. Hulk leaped in the air and caught him, laying him on the ground very softly for a man who was their worst enemy for the last couple of months.
need to get caught right now.
The Avengers were called, and as they never planned anything too special for their next encounter with Iron Man, they fell into the same positions they had on a regular team mission-
"Tony, I WILL break this door if you won't let me in!"
"You make one comment…" Steve whispered, and they all got on the Quinjet. The flight was quiet, and Steve's thoughts wandered back to their last fight with Iron man, the masked yet named vigilante, as the press sometimes called him Iron man or sometimes a terrorist, most of the times the latter.
“I can’t do this,” Tony whines. The conversations happening around them are loud, but not so loud Steve doesn’t hear him say it. The words cut him like a cold knife sharply through the middle. His head feels woozy, and not in the airy fun way it should be after drinking good wine for two and a half hours. How did things end up here so quickly? A minute ago Steve was having a religious experience and now Tony face is ashen and drawn. He looks like he wants to be anywhere but here.
“If that’s what it takes,” Steve replies evenly. Tony gawps at him.
“Please,” Tony whines,
On the one hand, she means well. She knows Steve is lonely for companionship in ways his friends and the Avengers can’t satisfy. She might even know about his crush on Tony and this is her way of trying to help him past it. On the other hand, Nat is a notorious troll, and she could just be doing this to him for laughs. But it
“I’m home.”
“We’ve got company, Tony.” He knows Tony can hear the reporters through the receiver, but the cursing on the other end of the line confirms it.
The Ancient One closes the amulet with a slow, gentle glide of their pale, steady hands. Tony’s were darker, bigger, stronger,
“Listen to me, and listen carefully,” he says, and then he tells him everything he needs to know.
On nights like this, as Tony drives himself back to the Tower after having talked and schmoozed and flirted his way through a hundred different people for the sake of a little good Avengers PR, he imagines walking off the elevator onto the common floor and being met with a soft but meaningful
Steve looks—he looks
“Come on, Tony,” Steve purrs, stretching his head and neck up to press hot, open-mouthed kisses to Tony’s jaw, his neck, his chin, his collarbone, so sweet and gentle and whisper-soft where his fingers are hard and driving, deep in his ass, glancing against his prostate, “ask me nicely.”
“I like the look you’ve got going on, by the way. Very devil-may-care. How long did it take you to decide against the jacket and tie?” Tony asks once Steve’s finished doling out pasta for himself.
“I just want to be Steve. Here. With you.”
dance with Peggy, but she’ll get hers.
the bright white light of orgasm barreling toward him, but it’s not
next week and I’ll consider it.”
Steve wears the blue shirt. He also goes to the effort of ironing his black slacks and polishing his dress shoes, because he knows Carbone’s reputation as the kind of place one goes to make an impression and/or be impressed. Tony talks about it all the time. “
Steve picks at his wraps as Tony ushers him inside with a wave, flicking away glowing projections with snaps of fingers and wrists like a conductor to his symphony. Steve can’t even marvel at the display like he usually does. Every nerve he has seems to have gotten caught in his neck and throat, a crawling, aching sensation that makes it hard to breathe. Things like asthma attacks shouldn’t be possible with the serum, but of course, anything that has to do with Tony could never be
“Alive is good,” Steve says, locking a sob away behind a smile so big it strains his cheeks. “It means you can still pay for shawarma.”
When Steve pulls away, folds his arms across his chest, cold air rushes back in, dousing whatever inappropriate thoughts Tony was thinking of having before they can materialize. Tony assumes the conversation must be over. He offers Steve an awkward half-smile and goes to reach for the button for the workshop floor
Something in Tony’s chest twists itself into a brutal knot. It might be his heart.
of Tony’s knowledge and intelligence. He wants to bask in it as much as he wants to run away.
“Have you considered the fact that I’m not Pepper?”
“Yeah, I do.” Tony squeezes his hand again, hard so Steve will look at him. He loves it when Steve looks at him—no one’s ever looked at Tony the way Steve does. He can’t even quantify it with words. There’s just Steve, and the way Steve
He’s never looked more beautiful.
. There’s so much if it—even as Tony stares it spills over and runs down Steve’s shaft, following a particularly protrusive vein all the way down to his balls like a river through a gorge. Tony wants it in his mouth
“Sure,” he says, not turning around to look at Steve, as much as he wants to. It’s for the best, he reminds himself for the thousandth time that day. The less he looks at Steve, the easier this will be for him. For both of them. “Send ’em through the server so JARVIS can throw them up for me when I get back to the lab tonight.”
building fucking fell on you
. Steve’s footsteps, meanwhile, are coming closer, and the only thing concealing Tony at the moment is a literal glass door. He picks up his champagne glass with a silent curse. Run away now, he tells himself—save face and find Steve after the speech. He’ll pretend he doesn’t know about this little conversation on the balcony, that Steve didn’t admit to
, J.”
Tony tries to pull away. He does. But when he gives Steve the universal squeeze for “Hug over,” Steve responds by tightening his hold around Tony’s middle and breathing out a long, warm, humming sigh that goes right down the back of Tony’s neck.
Nat seems to take this as confirmation of something. With a smirk, she pats Steve on the cheek and says: “Go.”
Of course he remembers this moment. He remembers it perfectly, because it was the first time Howard really hurt him. Not with his hands, although the bruises did linger longer than usual, after.
. I mean, I know you don’t love it, but I didn’t think there was a moratorium on it.”
as Tony silently busies himself with heating up the lasagna in the microwave. But Steve isn’t looking at them. He’s too busy looking at Tony, distractedly touching the spot where he can still feel the lingering warmth of his kiss.
“Hey, heart-eyes! Next reel!” someone (see: Bucky) shouts. Not for the first time, Tony’s glad to be concealed in relative darkness back here—even Steve’s enhanced vision won’t be able to make out the blush Tony’s knows is all over his face right now. He also gets a reprieve from sitting so close to Steve, hyperfocused on his warmth and all of the sensory trappings of home that come with it, while he swaps out the old reel for a new one. New-er, rather. He doesn’t look at the case or look at any frames before feeding it through the projector.
“It’s nothing,” he mutters after a long pause, staring at the floor.
He doesn’t usually go in for words like
“There’s almost no daylight between you guys,” Natasha tells him during a sparring session at the compound, a blank observation coupled with a ferocious jab. Steve blocks it, openhanded, and pulls right; ever the acrobat, Natasha cartwheels in tandem with the motion and lands back on her feet without blinking. “It’s cute.”
can’t get in, no one can, not unless Tony lets them.
And Steve. Steve is here, back in his life in a way he hasn’t been in ages, slotted back into place like he never left, and that fact isn’t the thing that makes Tony want to drink, really, but it’s definitely pushing him over the edge of something he doesn’t want to acknowledge, or dwell on, but he recognizes it all the same. And usually when that happens, he turns to alcohol to blur the view, but there’s no alcohol in the tower. Not even mouthwash. But he has the workshop, and blackout protocols in place to keep people
“Not even for me?”
The answering glide of Steve’s knuckles past his loosened rim, so slick and easy, frictionless where Steve’s worked him nice and open, makes Tony’s head loll forward onto Steve’s shoulder even as he tries to summon up some other protest. All that comes out is a long, breathless
“Sounds dreamy,” Tony sighs, reaching down to cup his half-hard cock and biting his lip when he does.
The moment their lips touch, Steve gasps like Tony did the first time they did this, back at the tower in the middle of the night. It starts soft and gentle; a careful touch that sends warmth through him until he feels lit from within. Then, stealing the advantage, Tony hauls Steve in with a firm hand against the small of his back and kisses him, deep and dirty—a short, spit-slick preview of what’s to come. Tony angles his head and delves in to lick the bourbon off Steve’s pliant tongue, drawing soft noises from him while around them people gasp loudly in shock like poppers at a New Year’s Eve party.
“That you love me,” he says, “as much as I love you.”
“It took me a minute,” she replies, unwrapping her hands methodically. The air around them is stale with the smell of sweat and warm canvas, but it’s comforting. As close to an old boxing ring as Steve gets these days. “The only good read I’ve gotten on you sexually was when we kissed at the mall.”
did that to Tony, almost killed him, and thinking those thoughts while you keep vigil at his bedside for days makes you wish harder than you ever have before in your life that you could drink yourself to death), and you're too relieved when he opens his eyes and the first word out of his mouth is
It’s how he felt years ago, dying slowly, then quickly—not quickly enough—of palladium poisoning.
goes unspoken. One look at Steve and the Ancient One knew exactly what his plan was, apparently. He’s still reeling from their earlier comment. He watches the stone float up from the suitcase and drift toward the amulet resting against the Ancient One’s stomach; their hands flicker and move as it opens with a whisper of metal and gears that reminds Steve poignantly,
to hear? It’s unnerving, how well Steve knows him, and yet not wholly. He doesn’t know what Tony wants to hear most, more than anything in the world, doesn’t know how many times over Tony would
“Easy,” she says, “I let them drink until they pass out and then I run back to the women’s barracks with all their clothes so they have to walk across the TOC butt-naked.”
, Tony isn’t surprised in the slightest.
Steve looks at their hands where they’re joined next to Tony’s thigh on the hospital bed. Tony can’t help but think how much better it would be if they were at home, in bed, together.
“Steve,” Tony gasps, babbling, “Steve,
As they talk, their bodies never move an inch apart; chests pressed flush against each other, Steve’s fingers splayed along the side of Tony’s neck. All of it—the proximity, the tenderness, the intimacy—feels as natural as the breathing they just did together. Ten-plus years of friendship will do that. But then, the way Steve is looking at him doesn’t really scream
Someone is calling his name, but Tony disappears down the stairs before he can figure out who. He bursts through doors he can’t see and staggers over to the closest workbench, sucking in deep, ragged breaths like he can’t catch up to them. Is that a screw loose in his chest cavity, he wonders, gasping, because that rattling sound seems to indicate something has come undone that shouldn’t have. Howard’s dead, Tony reminds himself, over and over again. It’s a fact as true as any algorithm, so why won’t it take?
“Three things,” he says matter-of-factly as he moves in closer. “First: I’m going to kiss you. Second: I’m going to tell you you’re an idiot who riled himself up for no reason. And third: I’m going to tell you I love you too.”
After a week apart, Tony worries about that night in the kitchen being a fluke. Steve seizes the chance to set the matter straight.
Steve pauses his ministrations with his hands on either of Tony’s hips. The gentling motions, contrasted with the too-fleeting smacks from earlier, are starting to make Tony’s head spin. When he feels Steve move over him again, the feeling deepens; the man is so large, so hot, so
Tony’s relieved, of course he is, but the knot in his throat starts to taste sour the longer he thinks about Sam waiting up at home for Steve while Steve fusses over Tony, who only has a concussion and a broken heart to show for having a building dropped on his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
It’s the longest three point six eight four seconds of Tony’s life, from the moment he stops talking to the moment Steve releases the breath he’s been holding since he started. Then, like a man trying to gentle a scared animal out of hiding, Steve lifts his hand, telegraphing the course it’s going to take with the slowest flickers of his fingers. Tony stands stock-still and waits, air trapped in his throat, for that hand to find its place under his jaw.
, Tony thinks, who does Steve think he is, being this hot and this sweet all at once. What is Tony supposed to do—
“Don’t start.”
is Steve’s hands on him, his eyes on his.
“Ah…” Tony huffs a soft laugh, smiling crookedly and averting his eyes so he can’t see the expression on Steve’s face. He doesn’t want to see the sadness, or the disappointment. He can’t stand it. This is why he never takes his shirt off during hookups. Relationships, sure, he can build up to this, but Steve didn’t offer him that. He offered to fuck him stupid.
There’s a moment of silence so immense it’s any wonder Tony can’t hear his own heartbeat. Then:
Above him, Steve moves liquid-smooth, fucking Tony with all of that enviable stamina right there on display. With each giant hand planted on the mattress on either side of Tony’s head, Steve holds himself low over Tony’s back and groans deep in his chest, cursing when Tony’s hole squeezes around him in response to the new, deeper angle. Tony is loose and tender, moaning uncontrollably as Steve presses featherlight kisses to his temple, his cheek, the corner of his lips, never losing his rhythm the whole time, just fucking Tony with those smooth, steady, rolling thrusts (
coffee,” Steve laughs, cutting off Tony’s response before he can even try to say it. Which is probably for the best, because instead of “coffee” Tony was probably going to say something a lot more dangerous, like
“I am.”
Only when Tony sighs, and quite heavily, that Steve realizes this was more than just a friendly house call (of sorts) on Tony’s part. He watches Tony stand up, facing the floor-to-ceiling windows bright with the glow of sunset, and admires the way Tony suits the view so perfectly. He looks good all the time, but like this—skin burnished gold, brown eyes honeyed by the light—he’s something else. Someone Steve wants, desperately, but like most things in his life, knows he’s not allowed to have. Tony Stark is beyond him in so many ways. Reaching for him seems futile, so Steve stays on the ground, and looks.
home, as he fell asleep night after night in the suite Tony built exclusively for him, including a bedroom that was never, ever cold.
Steve just smiles, kisses Tony like he’s been doing it forever, and replies: “You’re worth it.”
“Hickies optional, obviously,” he says gamely, winking at Steve, whose shoulders are creeping up toward his ears. “We could just muss ourselves up before we get home and they’d never know the difference.”
He forgets, sometimes—not often, but every now and then—that Steve Rogers is Captain America even without the stars and stripes. All that strength, all that focus, all that goodness, all that genuine earnestness, all that intelligence; it’s all Steve. The rest is just branding.
to say, all of the potential—and potentially disastrous—offshoots this conversation could have. But as Steve’s learned over the years, planning out a conversation with Tony Stark before it happens is the definition of a fool’s errand.
“Captain Rogers is on the second floor, northwest balcony.”
-ing her.
Steve closes the suitcase and nods. He tries not to think about Tony’s funeral. The way the first arc reactor Tony had ever built floated off on a wreath of flowers across the surface of the lake, quiet and all heart, the way Tony had been at the last.
“ and catch his breath before this man puts him in the hospital.
“You’re never ‘just’ anything, Nat,” Steve says, looking the woman pointedly in the eye. Natasha shrugs.
They stay like that for a minute, maybe two, breathing each other’s air. Steve can’t even open his eyes. He wants to, but his brain feels disconnected from his body, his whole nervous system tuned to Tony and only Tony, who stands there and holds him like he isn’t the busiest, most famous man on the planet; like he doesn’t have anywhere better to be than kissing his best friend because he
Steve makes a small, noncommittal sound of interest as he rakes his fingers through Tony’s hair. “What offer?”
“I’m not
“What was it like?” Steve asks, meaning the moment when Schmidt held the cube and disappeared. It doesn’t even register that he’s spoken until Schmidt is looking at him and speaking back.
I’d see you again and find out it was all just a…a fluke. It was perfect, and I got it in my head that it was better to have one night of perfect than ask for more than you were prepared to give.”
“I was awake,” he says. It shouldn’t sting, but it does. ‘I was awake’ is a far cry from the lines Tony’s fed himself to fill the deep, aching emptiness in his heart:
“Beautiful, Tony. God. You’re
Steve leans forward. “Reassure you of what, Tony?” he asks, like it’s important that Tony says the words outright.
to drink.
“You have no idea,” Steve rumbles, tossing the ruined pillowcase aside and moving forward to hover over Tony’s reclined body, reaching for the back of Tony’s neck. “The fact that you’re still talking is proof I haven’t menaced you
“—I mean it’s crazy right? It’s crazy, Tony Stark,
“Try—
this, because Tony’s focus is lasered in on only him, and it's easy for Steve to imagine Tony drawing up the schematics of Steve’s body in his mind, brainstorming all of the ways he wants to undo him and put him back together again.
Returning the Reality stone is...complicated.
Peggy, too. You can be with her.
be okay if Steve has anything to say about—or do with—it.
—he can feel the lack of movement through his hands resting on that broad chest. When Steve remains silent after a few moments, Tony knows he’s waiting for the other shoe to drop. The man is so goddamn smart, and it drives Tony up the fucking
Blinking away the haze of his own orgasm, Tony presses in closer, cradling Steve’s head in his hands and taking advantage of the moment and his own clarity while he can, licking his way into Steve’s mouth with a groan and sucking on that cunning tongue while Steve fucks himself noisily with his fist, covered in Tony’s come, wet and rock fucking hard. Steve’s fingers never leave his ass the whole time, just hold there in stasis, like he doesn’t want to forget what it feels like inside, and Tony knows what that’s like, wanting to stay in that warm, perfect place forever.
“You’re it for me, Steve,” Tony whispers, trying to preserve that perfect stillness, “and that’s what scares me.”
. Keep doing that and you’re going to make me hard again.”
His past self is still lying unconscious on the glass walkway where Steve left him when he returns. Arms and legs akimbo, that charmingly ridiculous uniform stretching to compensate for the awkward splaying of limbs, Steve Rogers of 2012 looks like a child who went down for a nap,
Tony tells himself that isn’t a turn on. It is, but he can deny it a little longer.
—the way Tony’s fingers twitch against his scalp when Steve tightens his arms around the other man’s waist, the way Tony suspends them in that first kiss like a highwire artist. Steve is
Tony never could have imagined Steve kissing him this much, this deep, this
For some reason, the first thing that pops into Tony’s mind is Robin Williams, of all people, standing on a stage in front of a giggling James Lipton, wearing a pink scarf like a prayer shawl and asking, ‘
, pretty little hole a break.”
“You’d like that, wouldn’t you,” Steve rumbles in his ear. He unfolds Tony’s arms from behind his back only to take both of Tony’s wrists in one of his massive, rough hands and pin them above his head against the bed. “Such a good little cockslut, you’d let me fuck you over and over and over again. Wouldn’t you, Tony?” Even as he says it, Tony can feel Steve growing again inside him, thickening against his overstimulated rim, stretching it out wide around the base of him. “Just lie there and let me use you however I want. Whenever I want.”
That high, plaintive keening sound is coming from
It kills him that even if he has no idea who this woman is, it doesn’t change the fact that she’s right. Mostly. Kind of. To be fair, up until very recently Tony Stark-plus-friends was a zero-sum equation—Rhodey and Pepper and Happy being preciously rare exceptions to the rule. Tony had had to
“Why do you want to drink, Tony?”
Tony plucks a flute of bubbly off a passing tray and slips a few crumpled hundred-dollar bills, unnoticed, into the waiter’s apron as he walks by. “Thanks, J.”
and only that, forever. But work had come calling the morning after Steve had thrown Tony’s whole world off its carefully calibrated axis and then ever-so-sweetly put him to bed—alone, and no Tony is absolutely not still fuming about that—and then it kept calling, to the point that Tony is amazed he’s managed to get any sleep this past week between workshop sprees, board meetings, and the Avengers PR rigmarole.
“The message is away, sir.”
was the sight for sore eyes.
Tony’s phone buzzes again with another text from Rhodey.
It does help that Tony seems willing to give Steve a lot of his time anyways.
“Honestly?” he says, looking away from Steve’s eyes to stare at their joined hands, where it’s safe, “I mostly keep swinging between ‘pinch me I’m dreaming’ and ‘don’t wake me up if I am.’ And you can’t really blame me—I spent years wanting that night,
“You can do it,” he replies, leaving Tony’s cock to run his hand up and down the outside of Tony’s thigh stretched around him, the curve of his flexing hip, his heaving side; Steve kisses him to drive the point home. “You feel so good, Tony.
, so slow and deep and steady you honestly lose track of how many times you come. you clean him up after and tuck him in. you kiss him on the forehead before you go on your morning run, every morning without fail (except for those when you're apart, and you still, even after almost two years, catch yourself mid-motion sometimes, about to kiss empty air—you text Tony about it and he laughs every time).
, and it’s
“You’re an idiot, Tony Stark.” Steve presses the words into the skin under Tony’s ear before latching his mouth to that spot and sucking so hard Tony’s knees buckle. The hand on his ass clenches, holds, and lifts, suspending Tony off the ground for Steve’s pleasure as he bites and sucks the base of Tony’s fluttering throat a livid purple. The brand of him against the inside of Tony’s thigh is a heavy, constant reminder that this is
be a genius out loud.” Tony’s poleaxed expression is
it’s what he wants, or that dating is something
that were supposed to help people but only ever ended up killing them.
“Oh man! Oh,
But Tony flirts with everyone, Steve reminds himself, and then he’s out the door. He opts to walk across town and down 12th Avenue, what should be a long walk along the Hudson shortened considerably by his long legs and enhanced speed. It’s one of those beautiful New York days, long, late May sunlight lingering in the clear blue sky even as Steve turns the corner onto Thompson Street at 5:45. It’s breezy but not chilly, warm but not stifling. People are everywhere, happy, flushed and bubbling over with spring fever. Even the hardened locals aren’t immune to it—Steve spots a grizzled bar owner just down the street who’s leaning against an old brownstone, face tipped up toward the sky, lips pulled tight in a barely contained smile.
“Sure…” Tony sounds skeptical. That’s fair. He’s probably already sussed out that this date
He wants to tell him to stop. Stop lying. Stop saying things he wouldn’t mean in any other context. But Tony is helpless, greedy, needy, and starved; he’s wanted Steve for so long. He should let himself have this while he can get it, as long as he can get it.
“Trust me, Cap, it’s really not.” Sitting up with a grunt from his supine position on the living room sofa, Tony pops his neck once and drops his shoulders, tired—seemingly—at last. “More to the point, it won’t happen again.”
me—this is what Tony Stark is all about. And he would never be able to live with himself if he disappointed Steve in bed. Not after all the years the man has had to deal with hearing about Tony’s sexual prowess.
Tony opens his eyes but keeps them fixed on the backs of his hands, palms flat against the marble countertop.
that makes a shivering chill run down the length of Tony’s bowed spine.
That old, awful feeling feels a lot like drowning when he thinks of
Averse to dating as Steve is, he can’t say the thought of being stood up on a
as Steve plants his massive hands under Tony’s thighs and lifts at the same time Tony hops, walking them back over to the island and dropping Tony with a soft bounce on the marble counter. Stepping between Tony’s spread thighs, Steve drags him forward with a low growl and kisses him openmouthed.
Steve squeezes his hand. “I’m sure she’ll get some decent mileage out of the gossip once she picks her jaw up off the floor.”
you fight about it first. it starts out in earnest, a forthright—if frighteningly vulnerable—conversation over dinner that turns into a shouting match to rival anything from the war that of course gets cut short by the Avengers alarm going off and having to Assemble before you can clear the air. he almost dies in the battle, short-circuited by an exceptionally advanced EMP that takes out the RT (and whoo, boy does that make you spiral, thinking back, to the moment
.” The image of regret, Tony starts pulling away, his tie still looped around Steve’s hand. “I’m super into you, Rogers. A truly embarrassing amount for a man my age. But I know myself, and I know my track record; what I don’t know is if the potential we
. He looks even more excited when Steve approaches, leaps to his feet and doesn’t even balk at the fact that Steve is a head and change taller than him and a superhero—he just steps right up to Steve and jabs him once in the shoulder with a grin.
“Isn’t it?” Steve huffs. “What else could it be?” Natasha’s lips form a perfectly straight line, which is the closest thing to a tell Natasha has. “What?”
“Next time,” Steve says, close and deep in Tony’s ear (oh
“Just observing.”
“Yeah,” Steve mutters. “I know what you mean.”
Biting down a smile, Tony offers: “Gym’s on the 40th floor. Living quarters are on floors 57, 58, and 59.”
Steve nods once and steps in close to cradle Tony’s head in his hands. The touch is so sweet; the look on Steve’s face is not. It’s hungry and burning and Tony’s blood is singing. He tugs on Steve’s narrow hips with a whine, bracing his head against Steve’s hands as the man dives in for another kiss that steals the breath right out from Tony’s lungs.
Steve’s bright red face is projecting what must be a similar train of thought, because Clint laughs at them from his place on the couch, jarring them from whatever trance they got locked into when Steve walked into the room and
Tony is warm from Steve, and Steve is
“Promise?” Steve asks, flushed and breathless.
, like Tony is weightless, his own personal fuck toy. Every thrust hits that spot inside that makes Tony’s voice do funny things, makes his vision go a little fuzzy around the edges and his mouth water. It’s so hot, Steve fucking him like this, but all he can get out are variations of
—and two days later gave him a first edition signed copy of a novel by someone named Kurt Vonnegut.
“I have to go up there and give a speech,” Tony says slowly. Judging by the way Steve’s mouth is just kind of moving silently and his eyes have that hooded, glazed look of someone whose thoughts have devolved into nothing but
, remember.”
Tony’s expressive mouth is slack with surprise and Steve wants to know what it would feel like against his. When the elevator doors open, it slams to like a gate. Recovering quickly, Tony gives him one of his trademark smiles and gestures at the empty elevator with a flourish.
“Go. Right now.”
Picking up his fork, Steve licks the taste of Tony from his lips as he looks across the table at his date and takes another bite of pasta. Tony looks back. He looks
“I thought…I was worried…” Steve’s eyes are downcast, his expression unbearably fragile. Steve ‘I Make Up Inspirational Speeches on the Fly’ Rogers, speechless because of a hurt Tony inflicted, is more than Tony can handle. He kisses Steve, this time. It’s the least he can do.
at him, and Tony knows he’d do anything to keep Steve looking at him like that. Like Tony is everything, the way Steve is to Tony. “But
Tony’s not out of the woods yet. Not like he wants Tony to suffer, but like he wants to see this, whatever it is, through to the end. “Guess I’ll have to try harder.”
Tony tightens his arms around Steve’s waist, and when Steve pulls away to speak, he doesn’t go far, seemingly content to stand there in Tony’s embrace in the middle of the dimly lit workshop.
, tracking Tony’s face, yes, but also taking in the loosened bow tie around his neck, the starchy, upturned cuffs of his shirtsleeves, the tiny mother-of-pearl buttons resting at the base of Tony’s throat; Steve is cataloguing the smallest details of him like he knows exactly where he wants to look and what he’ll find when he gets there. Tony wonders how many times Steve has looked at him like this—he wonders how he ever missed it.
“I can give you more,” Steve says, and then he’s grabbing Tony’s hips and stalling his own, leaves his cock inside Tony like the world’s best, hottest buttplug, keeps him full and spread open on his lap as he adjusts him, fixes his grip on Tony’s narrow hips, and then he’s using that gorgeous supersoldier strength to fuck Tony down on his cock, all the way down to the hard, thick base of him and up, almost to the tip, before pulling him back down. Tony
. He’s panting, sweat making Steve’s hands slip on his thighs, but he doesn’t care; nothing else matters but this, but
apologize. It’s me. It’s very much me.”
“Nat, most people who consider themselves friends would say they like each other. We’re not special.”
“It is normal-people sleeping hours, to be fair.” The neon green microwave clock over Tony’s shoulder can testify to that.
If he tries hard enough, harder than he did back then, no one will notice anything is wrong.
“Oh, here’s someone else I remember,” Bucky laughs. Tony turns away from Steve, grateful for the excuse, and starts to release the breath he hadn’t realized he was holding.
, Steve’s hindbrain supplies,
? and Steve rushes to backtrack before that can happen, before his courage leaves him:
The woman is bleating like a sheep, something about
“Really? Because I’ve all but designed a ring for you in my head over the course of this conversation, and that’s enough to scare
“Like a glorified football?”
“Be together.”
that is Steve fucking him that he said that last part out loud.
Tony puts down the razor and stares at himself in the mirror. A mask of dread with a freshly sculpted goatee stares back. It’s too early for that much feeling, but this is the position he’s put himself in.
, just hold you down and make you
At first he brushed it off as a coincidence. Then it became easier to point to real reasons—their working relationship wasn’t exactly
kiss you.”
“I know! It was hilarious, and I want to get it on camera this time so I can send it to Alan Rickman. He’ll
“I’ll protect you,” he replies. Tony huffs a laugh like it pains him.
Decided, Steve lets go of Tony’s shirt with a gasp. They both fall back into their chairs with a
He can hear Tony in his head again, a welcome rupturing of the tension that’s making it hard for Steve to even breathe, let alone think his own thoughts:
Bruce, Wanda, and Vision stay behind with Steve to let the first wave through. Steve watches his teammates greet the airmen without fanfare, welcoming strangers into their private midst like it’s routine.
in return except Steve’s
at this point. He just nods against the drool-dampened spot on the mattress by his head and squeezes around Steve again, not even meaning too, his nerve endings sparking and reacting all by themselves. “A-ah, Tony,
“There you are,” he coos at a tiny device that looks remarkably like a laser pointer. Knowing Tony, it’s probably a real laser. He pockets it, assumably to put away later (or fish out of the laundry at the last minute).
Before he’s even finished shaking, Steve moves his hand off of Tony’s hip to fist his own cock, collecting Tony’s come and slicking the way with it, groaning hoarse and hot against Tony’s slack mouth.
,” Steve sighs, awed, taking in the sight of him the way an artist appraises a masterpiece, methodically absorbing every square centimeter of what’s on display with wide, blown-black eyes, licking his lips when he sees the mess he’s made of Tony’s ass and releasing the arm around Tony’s middle to reach down and play with it, pushing his fingers through the hot, sticky mess of come between Tony’s trembling thighs and slipping it back inside him just because he can. “Perfect. You’re perfect. And all for me,” he says, and Tony’s throat clicks. He wants to respond, tell Steve
about to, either.
He presses the button for the penthouse.
, which is hardly surprising, but it’s not great, either.
. He swallows Tony’s moan with a scorching kiss that leaves Tony dizzy. He hears Steve turn the doorknob and realizes with a jolt that Steve is, in fact, taking him to
Tony is still laughing gleefully (while Steve’s burning face is still buried in his hands) when Duncan arrives with two oversized menus. Steve waves at Tony when he offers to order for them, too embarrassed at having learned that Tony knows about the D.C. incident to speak for himself, at least for the moment. Besides, Tony knows everything he likes. (Well, almost everything.)
