Kate wasn’t sure whether she believed him. Whether he believed it himself. She checked the time. Fifteen minutes until the flight landed. “Are we almost there?”
He felt a hand on his shoulder and he jumped. He looked up and Mrs. Hudson was standing beside his chair, a plate of ginger biscuits in one hand.
Kate weighed her options. Stand and argue. Nothing had been decided. The minute she left, John could be out the door to Mary and she’d be dead before morning. But she watched as John took the syringe and gave Sherlock a shot, rubbing his arm, brushing his hair out of his eyes. He wasn’t going anywhere.
“Sorry to disappoint you. I have to meet my girlfriend. She’s coming in tonight at 10. But you’re right about the case. I’ll get the details about the wire transfers from Sherlock tomorrow and head home in a day or so. It’ll have to be enough.”
Sherlock grabbed each end of the robe’s belt and pulled John toward him. “Mine, actually. Kate’s given me a lovely little case to solve –her other significant other. Murdered five years ago. A case that in normal circumstances would merit no more than a five. But I’ve decided to help her.” He kissed John again, then pushed him away, smiling. “And I’ve cooked breakfast for us, John. It’s the dawn of a new age.”
Kate emptied her purse onto the hotel bed looking for the small white pill. The one she’d stolen from her mother’s medicine cabinet last week. Where did she put it? She tipped out all the change in her wallet, a heavy mix of British and Canadian coins, and there it was – a little dirty, but still in one piece. 0.25mg of Xanax goodness. She’d been saving it for an emergency, but never imagined she’d need it because her girlfriend had decided to make the ridiculously romantic gesture of flying three thousand miles to save their relationship. In the middle of a case. In the middle of
My legs are shaking and he pushes me off his chest and takes my hand and leads me to the side of the bed. I sit down and he kneels in front of me, and kisses me hard on the lips and I reach out and grab his shoulders to keep from falling. He slips a hand between my legs and barely touches my cock, moving down to my balls, kneading lightly.
John smiled. He suddenly felt lighter. Happier. The situation was all wrong, but sitting in this chair, talking about it to another person, made it somehow feel not so bad. Almost normal.
They broke apart for half a moment, and John wiped away rain from his eyes. Sherlock took John’s hand and pulled him into the nearest alley under a metal awning and they were kissing again. Sherlock threaded his fingers through John’s wet hair, and dropped his mouth to John’s neck, drawing a line of kisses and sucking hard on one spot that made John moan out loud.
Greg left not long after John. She walked him to the door and they stood on the landing for a few minutes, talking.
Sherlock nodded. He stripped down to his pants and lay down on the bed, close to the edge, pulling the sheet over him. He was asleep before John had a chance to pull up the duvet.
She looked down at him. “You’re twelve, aren’t you? Only I don’t have enough evidence to tie Mary to the murder – at least not enough to get me an extradition hearing. I don’t think I ever will, but I’m prepared to live with that. I told Greg earlier that I’d take the details of the wire transfers and go home.”
Sherlock unfolded and sat forward. “It was not what I expected, but your actions would indicate that everything is . . .”
He clears his throat, scratches his nose. He can’t stop glaring at Sherlock, who’s wandering around the office examining everything—framed photos and books and even the collection of miniature classic cars lined up on the bookshelf. He doesn’t pick anything up, he just touches each object with his index finger like he’s taking inventory. It’s driving Washburn mad, which I suspect is why Sherlock’s doing it.
John knelt down and leaned over Sherlock. He lifted one of Sherlock’s hands and felt for a pulse. She saw something like a ghost pass over John’s face.
John glanced over at him. “Oi, you. Shut up.” He sat on the couch. Folded his arms. Tapped one foot. “Go on, then. Tell me why you are discussing
“If you don’t mind, sir. I’m to keep an eye on you. If you feel the need to go back to hospital, I’ll take you.”
He was deciding whether to turn on the lamp and read when the bedroom door opened suddenly, silently. Sherlock knew that whoever was there couldn’t see him in the dark, so maybe he could get the jump on him before . . .
He hailed the next cab that turned onto Baker Street, climbed into the back and pulled the door shut.
“He’s got you answering his phone now? Cheeky bastard. Put me on speaker, I don’t plan on repeating any of this.”
But why poison?  Poison was personal and painful. Whoever did this wanted John to suffer.  Sherlock too, if he knew anything about them.
“Must not know about Kate – her presence in London.” Sherlock sat up a bit straighter. “The second aspect is that you, John, must move back in with Mary.”
Washburn shifts a fuchsia-coloured file from one side of his fake mahogany desk to the other. He’s done that three times now.
“You know he’s set on getting into Appledore’s vaults and taking back whatever evidence Magnussen has against Mary?  Lady Smallwood too.” Greg look surprised and she added, “I spent a lot time this week sitting in Sherlock’s hospital room. Morphine makes him rather chatty. I think he enjoys the meds more than he lets on.”
Sherlock had his own stories. Their first case. First kiss. Last kiss.  He went back to them over and over those first weeks when the house felt too empty, the silence too loud. He’d sit opposite John’s recliner in the dark, hands wrapped around a tumbler of whiskey, Bella snoring quietly at his feet, and imagine him there.
“Good. Can you get my wallet and phone from the dresser in Sherlock’s room? Grab a blanket from the bed. And a towel from the bathroom.” He bent down in front of Sherlock and took his face between both hands. “I love you. We can fix this.” He leaned forward and kissed him quickly on the forehead.
He reached out and wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s wrist. “Okay,” he said and heard Sherlock exhale. John counted out Sherlock’s pulse, steady and strong, and thought that if this was all the happiness he was ever allowed, sitting next to Sherlock, holding onto his wrist, then it would be enough.
Sherlock sighed and leaned forward. “I’m trying to think. Why don’t you tell me everything you need to say now, and I can get back to it.”
The two hundred questions swirling in Kate’s brain settled into just one, and she stood, moved around the table and wrapped her arms around his shoulders and hugged him. She felt him stiffen and stopped – could he still have lingering pain from his injuries? – but just as quickly she was enveloped in his arms as he pulled her close. For just a moment.
John lifted his father’s wrist to his ear so he could listen to the ticking of his watch. He counted to twenty-five. Once, he’d counted all the way to two hundred without talking.  “Dad, Mum always says I should pray for the things I want.  Why didn’t she pray for Gran to get better? Then she wouldn’t be so sad.”
He looks at me, eyes narrowed. “You’d think anyone who was close enough to worry about her would know she was on holiday. It’s all she talked about for the past couple months.” He leans in, “Now that the great Sherlock Holmes is on the case, I’m sure you’ll find her soon enough.”
John followed him, past the empty boxes and bags of rice, up two steps and out the door into the alley. The empty alley.
Sherlock removed his hand and crossed his arms in front of him. John thought that was better. He didn’t need a kinder, gentler Sherlock. He needed a fucking mad Sherlock.
John texted Molly and she sent back a picture of Rosie playing happily on the floor. He unpacked his suitcase and hung his new suit – price tag still dangling from one sleeve – from the hook on the back of the door.
His sister’s wish for an outdoor wedding was granted. Saturday was warm and sunny with no showers in the forecast, so eight rows of chairs were set up in the hotel garden. She and Lauren would say their vows under a trellis of ivy, pink hydrangea and white roses. Their bouquets were made from the same flowers, and pink and white tulips decorated each table in the hotel ballroom. John didn’t want to know how much September tulips cost. There were favours on every plate, a basket of candy-covered almonds and a pink flash drive containing all the wedding music, and a chocolate fountain in one corner. It was everything Harry wasn’t, but everything she apparently wanted. The Bridal Industrial Complex indeed.
Sherlock brushed past John and around the corner to the kitchen. John heard the tap running. More fucking tea.
Here is a cottage on Ivy Lake in Sussex. Walk five miles in any direction and the world looks the way it used to. The lake gives us all the water and fish we need. I still crave a decent curry, but most of the animals disappeared around the same time the bodies did. My brain would explode if I thought too hard about what that meant. I’ve spotted a few deer in the woods, but I haven’t had the heart to kill any. I’ve seen enough dying to last a lifetime.
John bought coffee and a muffin from the train’s food cart, then turned back to his laptop and searched for the folder that held the baptism pictures. He’d almost deleted them after Mary died, but in the end he kept them. His daughter had a right to know the best part of Mary.
Sherlock knew what John meant. He also knew that if this was his first time in 2010, he would completely disregard John’s question and fly up the stairs to see what Lestrade had for him. The work was everything.
“I suppose.” I walk past him. “It’s one way to go.” I know he’ll follow me. I could lead him all the way home with my little comments. I could lead him down a dark alley, press him up against a wall and fuck the arrogant look off his face and he’d still want to know why I am questioning his almighty deduction.
tedious and I am bored (or perhaps I’ve been working with Sherlock too long), I am careless with her feelings. “Any reason to think she’s thrown herself into the Thames?”
He was halfway to the corner when he noticed it. He tried shaking it off – it was probably just a cramp from her damn uncomfortable chair – only it didn’t go away. Not that night and not the next morning.
John smiled wearily. “Not sure that’s true.” John retrieved the teapot from the table and emptied the contents into the sink. “I know better than to ask you if you want tea.”
John laughed weakly. “Yeah, it’s about all I have.” There was a silence and he kicked himself. “Are you looking for Sherlock?”
Greg was sitting at a table in the corner, one hand wrapped around a half-empty pint of beer. A second full glass sat next to it. His phone was on the table and he was scrolling down the screen with one finger.
A few minutes later, he pulled up in front of international arrivals. She leaned across the seat and kissed him quickly on the cheek. “Wish me luck.”
“I never saw him before yesterday. He gave me ten quid to hold up the sign. I thought it was daft, but I never had ten quid before. I don’t have to give it back, do I?””
“I might be able to point you to several rather incriminating wire transfers to a numbered company in Ottawa from a relative of the owner of the mining company. It was called Wild Rose Resources, I believe.”
Kate woke early. Barely six.  Sleeping upstairs was strange – the bed was comfortable enough, but the room was a depressing shrine to John’s unhappiness. His wedding ring in an ashtray on the dresser, his shirts and sweaters spilling out of an open suitcase, a half-empty bottle of Jameson on the floor by the bed. The walls were bare, dark outlines on the wallpaper where pictures had previously hung. He’d told Kate he’d moved out after Sherlock died, then returned after he found out about Mary. How long would it have taken him to return if Mary had been exactly who she claimed to be? Kate suspected John would have ended up back in Sherlock’s bed eventually.
Kate poured tea for herself and placed two cookies on a saucer for Sherlock. She set them on the table beside his chair and tried not to stare longingly at the Starbucks cup.
Sherlock looked away for a second and stared at the changing, falling leaves. It hurt to breathe sometimes, but you kept on doing it.
The tea did help and John wondered if it was too late to change his will and leave everything to Banks. He yawned and leaned his head against Sherlock and felt himself drifting off. If he had to die today, then driving around London in the back seat of a fancy car with Sherlock’s arm wrapped around his shoulders was not a bad way to go.
“Yes. A client has hired me to . . . to explore whether his business partner would consider a . . . rapprochement of sorts. Not my area.” Sherlock cleared his throat. “They had a falling out after one of the partners, the founding partner, did something . . . unforgivable.”
Sherlock staggered back a step, but recovered quickly. He rubbed a hand along his jaw. “That bloody hurt, John. Not quite the welcome home I expected.”
“Ah,” Ella said in her best therapist voice. “Marriage can be difficult in the best of circumstances.”
We have a lumpy couch and two armchairs in what passes for a lounge. A kitchen table and four mismatched chairs. An old tape deck and radio we run off batteries when the silence gets too loud. Sherlock fiddles with it every so often, but we’ve never found a broadcast from anywhere except London and that’s just an emergency alert that plays the same message over and over.  Sherlock was thrilled when he found a chess set in the wardrobe in the bedroom – he beats me twice a week. I won once but that was only because I cheated and switched his bishop for a pawn.
Ella had the decency not to speak, a raised eyebrow the only indication that she was still on the clock.
“Wedding-speak for where the wedding is being held. Can you believe the shoes I’m wearing tomorrow cost two hundred quid? Two hundred! I’m going to wear them for ten hours at the most, so that’s 20 quid an hour! I could hire someone to carry me around for that. Lauren calls it the Bridal Industrial Complex.” She headed towards the exit. “Hope that case of yours isn’t too heavy, it’s a bit of a hike.”
“Hoo hoo,” she called from the doorway. “You boys enjoying a nice lie in this morning? Lovely thing on a Sunday.”
“Wait.” Kate sat up. Tried to breathe. Why in the hell would Sarah have a bank account that she didn’t know about? Who was paying her five thousand dollars a month . . .
Later, they’ll pull apart Christmas crackers and wear crowns made of tissue paper while they eat turkey and potatoes and roasted parsnips and something Clara saw on an American cooking show called “green bean casserole.” Only she can’t find tinned green beans, so it will be mushy peas made into something even mushier. It will not be a success.
The cathedral fills with the first notes of . . . you knew this once . . . Bach’s Toccata and Fugue in D minor. Funeral music.  Last time you heard it, you were with John. In another church. At another funeral. John was half in love with you by then, wasn’t he?  You just wanted an easy shag.  But that was before . . .
Harry laughs. “We’ll see about that. The twins managed to pull down the Christmas tree last night and the turkey’s still frozen and Clara’s mother insists on telling her friends I’m her daughter’s roommate, not her wife, so Lord knows what she’ll make of you two.”
After dinner, John will take Sherlock’s hand and they’ll venture out into the snow and walk the half-mile down the road to the local pub. It’s only then that Sherlock will reach into the pocket of his coat and hand John a small gift-wrapped box.
I sit on the bed and think. Charlotte Ivan is not Fiona’s sister, she’s her girlfriend.  Why does the name sound so familiar?
“So you’re afraid if she’s arrested, she’ll talk. I can’t believe I’m going to ask this, but why haven’t you –” She hadn’t seen enough James Bond movies for this conversation. “—do what you people do? Remove her?”
John closed his eyes against the wave of nausea. He bent over and tried to breathe. Sherlock paused in his monologue and laid a hand on John’s back.
John blushed. “Of course I wanted you to. That’s not the point.” He pulled his hand away, scrubbed his face. Blew out a breath.
Kate came around and sat in John’s chair. Sherlock looked pale and in pain. “You okay? You’re sweating. Do you need a pill or something?”
The tea was followed by more beer and plates of lamb vindaloo and paneer, jasmine rice and a chicken tikka masala that put the Taj Mahal to shame.
“Right.” She sighed and typed something into the computer. “He’s in 312. Do you mind bringing his belongings down to him?”
Kate stood and walked over to John. “Congratulations.” John stood and Kate hugged him. “Good luck with this one, though.”
“I will supply Kate with enough information for her investigation – I believe I can point her toward Moriarty’s source in her MP’s murder – so she can go home. She will leave any reference to Anna Ashcroft’s current whereabouts out of her report.”
“Litvinenko,” Mycroft filled in. “Polonium-210 in his tea. A very unpleasant death. Whatever you were injected with, John, it does not appear to be radioactive. Less interesting than polonium perhaps, but quicker acting if your symptoms are any indication.”
John came back with a cup of tea and set it on the bedside table. “I’ve got a double shift at the clinic today so I’ll be late tonight.” He sat on the edge of the bed and laced up his shoes.
He needed a cigarette. He hadn’t smoked in nearly twenty years, but he needed one now. He looked around, thinking. Wardrobe. Top shelf. His grandfather’s old cigar box.
Sherlock took a step toward him, but John held up a hand. “I swear to Christ, Sherlock. I can’t . . . I don’t want to . . .”
Sherlock makes a small noise and I roll my head to the right, and watch as he takes his cock in his hand, rolling his fingers over the tip, looking at me, his eyes dark, cloudy. Wanting.
“chock full of tits, TV stars and royals,” one reviewer said. She found more than one blog that suggested/accused Magnussen of being the original source for the hacking scandal at Rupert Murdoch’s
” She was pregnant, almost four months and she looked beautiful, the hard lines around her eyes and mouth had softened, and John had to swallow before he leaned in and kissed her cheek, pulling her into a rough hug. He asked her how Lauren was and she laughed. “Busy. Tired. Happy about the baby. Rubbish timing though. We’ve been trying for ages; I’d pretty much given up hope. Pregnant bride – bit of a cliché, eh?” She realised what she said and her hand flew to her mouth. “Sorry.”
“What are you talking about?” John’s voice was barely above a whisper. He didn’t want Mycroft to say another word. He knew it was the truth, a truth he had been studiously avoiding since he’d seen them at the window, his window.
John picked up the remote control, flicking through the channels. News and game shows and an episode of
“Our life, John. Plural. Whether or not you choose to acknowledge it. Mary never changed that. No matter how hard you pretended otherwise. You know my feelings.”
It was his own fault, of course, he knew that. He’d broken the rules, the rules he’d insisted on when this whole thing started. He had calculated risks and contingencies and timelines. He’d spent his life doing that. Keeping track of time. Counting weeks, measuring months, marking the years. He’d done it since he was a little boy. The future had been too large and too uncertain, so he divided time into fractions and looked for constants, found common denominators, calculated probabilities. One month to his birthday, two weeks before school let out, four days until Christmas.
Greg sat in the chair next to him, leaned forward and took the evidence from his hand. “It was stuffed in his trousers pocket. We almost missed it.”
They unpack and head downstairs for heated-up leftovers of the dinner they missed. Harry tries to sit with them while they eat, but it’s past midnight and she’s been up since before forever and she yawns and says “Oh, fuck it.” She rubs her belly, “The boy and I need some sleep. I’m off.” She kisses them both on the cheek, “See you in the morning. Merry Christmas.”
“And you’re a self-righteous bastard who can’t make up his mind who he wants to be with. Your wife shoots your boyfriend and she’s still your wife. How does that work exactly?” She regretted the words the moment she said them. She was supposed to be calming him down, not pissing him off.
Sherlock didn’t know what to say. He didn’t know how to do this part. It wasn’t that he’d never had lovers in his long life. In fact, in his 50s, he had conducted an exhilarating month-long experiment in Barcelona . . . it was just that most never stayed. He preferred they slip away, lost in the darkness.
In his early thirties, he married and quickly divorced. He had no children and had recently built a large £30m estate outside London he called Appledore. She found no reference to his hobbies – Sherlock and blackmail if she had to guess – in any of the articles.
“Just watching telly.” She turned back to Kate. “You’ll not be keeping our Sherlock up too late, I hope.”
“Another thousand of those and I might begin to believe you.” John stood and started clearing the dishes.
She left them sitting there and headed downstairs. Surely Mrs. Hudson had something stronger than tea to offer. She’d kill for a glass of wine and a joint. Not much chance of that, she guessed.
Sherlock swept the magazines off the table and picked up the Times. He found what he was looking for on the front page of the Arts & Culture section.
His mouth curved into a small, tired smile. “That appears to be the consensus.” He closed his eyes and his breathing slowed.
Sometimes John is shocked by how far they’ve come. There were many days, weeks, even months, when he never thought they’d get through it. After Moriarty returned and everything that happened after . . .  Sherlock had been like the walking wounded, trying to find the place where he could finally understand what followed wasn’t his fault.
John shook his head. “Fucking typical. I never knew what he was up to. He liked it that way, me tagging along at his heels like a lovesick puppy. Hoping that one day he’d finally take notice of what was right in front of him.”
John opened and closed his hands carefully on the table. He looked up and met Sherlock’s eyes and Sherlock was suddenly afraid. “I’m not using,” he repeated.
He was as surprised as Harry that he made it through the first year – he had somehow survived all the holidays and birthdays and anniversaries. Something began to revive within him. “Grief,” David reminded him over drinks one evening, “is the final act of love, and recovery is the necessary betrayal on which your future depends.” He filled John’s glass. “And if you like this new nurse as much as you say you do, for God’s sake, stop talking about her and ask her out.”
When he woke up, in the hazy light of five am, he felt Sherlock’s back against his chest, Sherlock’s foot resting on his ankle, his hair in his face. He moved his hand up Sherlock’s back, noting the scars, the raised edges of scabs not yet healed. He lightly caressed his shoulders, his neck. Sherlock stirred, his body reacting to the touch even in sleep, moving closer.
She sat back and watched him sleep, working out what excuse she could give her superintendent that would let her stay in London a few days longer. What excuse she could give Chloe.
“Obviously.” Sherlock looked at her. “Did your supervisor get the information about the wire transfers?”
Sometimes late at night, when all I hear is the sound of Sherlock’s steady breathing beside me, I wonder if the life we have now is my reward for surviving everything that went before. But then Sherlock cries out in the dark, his body sweaty and tangled in the sheets, legs kicking out against some imagined villain, and I wonder how my reward can also be his punishment.
After ten minutes, John moved to sit by Sherlock on the couch, Kate went to the washroom, and Mrs. Hudson brought up a large tray of tiny sandwiches that looked as if they’d been made for, and possibly by, children.
“Still hungry.” His voice comes to me through a fog. I open one eye and realize I am staring at his bare knee. Sometime during, he must have slipped out of that blasted silk. I reach up and run a finger along his very quiet cock. He brushes my hand away.
After two more drinks and a promise to call Greg the next week, he walked back to his flat. He poured himself one last whiskey and took it to bed with him. For once, he fell asleep quickly.
“Don’t move.” John walked into the kitchen. He got a glass, filled it with water, and came back to Sherlock. “Take these.” He held out two pills.
Sherlock leaned in and kissed John on the cheek. “It means that my only goal here is to make you reasonably happy. With me, with us, with our life. I wouldn’t have encouraged you to take the test if I weren’t prepared to live with the consequences. You are an honourable man, John Watson, and we’re both the better for it.”
John brought his hands up, fisted them into Sherlock’s coat and pulled him up from his knees. He slid his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth, pushed his hips forward. He groaned and Sherlock’s kiss was a little less smooth, a little more frantic.
Kate had retreated to the couch. She knew if she said anything, one of them would kick her out and she was just as keen as Sherlock to find out what Mycroft had said to John.
On the sidewalk, she hailed a cab and headed back to the hotel. She settled back in the seat, pulled her phone from her purse and texted home.
He filled a crystal highball glass with Jameson’s and dropped an ice cube in it with enough force to send the liquid splashing onto the antique desk. He wiped it quickly with his sleeve. He’d probably get a bill for room damage now. Fucking Sherlock, what was he thinking? Why would he have wanted to take him here, of all places?
“I’ll put that on your headstone,” John said. He took a long drink, wishing it was something stronger.
They ordered again from Ajit Palace. The delivery man was smiling as he handed John the bags. “You must really like curry.”
She walked back to Sherlock and handed it to him. It was a photocopy of a Health Canada ID card from 2002. A small black and white staff ID picture.
There was a silence and she angled herself so that she could just see into the bedroom. John was sitting on the edge of the bed, a glass of water in one hand, a pill bottle in the other. He handed the glass to him and shook two large white pills out of the bottle.
“I am getting up, John. I am not receiving visitors in my bedroom like the consumptive heroine of a Victorian romance novel.”
They chatted about nothing for another thirty minutes. John gave Lestrade his word he’d text him whenever his nibs came out of the bedroom and Mrs. Hudson walked him down the stairs.
John helped him back to his chair, retrieved Sherlock’s phone from the table in the kitchen and handed it to her.
John took a breath and looked up at Sherlock. “Something happened. You’re different. If it’s not drugs . . .”
“You leave Monday. You have a week. Akwesasne can wait. Those girls will still be dead when you get back.”
“It doesn’t make any sense. Sarah was an artist – she never had a steady job in her life. It was one of the few things we fought about – she always felt guilty that I was supporting her. She never believed I was happy to do it. So where did the money come from?”
“Yes, I know.” Sherlock took Kate by the shoulder and pushed her toward the door. “Give my best to Claire.”
Sherlock to find out about Mary? If he knew how Sherlock felt about John, then he also knew what lengths Sherlock would go to in order to protect him. If Magnussen owned Mary Morstan, then he owned Sherlock too. Nice theory. But why Sherlock? Brilliant as he was, in the Holmes family it was clearly Mycroft who wielded the political power, not Sherlock. If you believed Greg, he
“You’re kidding!? I don’t understand, there are many famous female pirates that still haunt the seas - why did Roberts pretend to be otherwise?”
“I think I am done for now… going to go clean up for dinner now.” he spoke carefully, reaching past him to pick his jacket up where it lay.
Sherlock’s eyes didn’t waver from John’s for moment, as if trying to see if he was lying. When satisfied, he released him and relaxed a bit. “I’m fine. That was quite an adventure wasn’t it?”
The Count was thinking of this as he watched one of the King’s personal regiments train. Their captain, a sandy haired man who, according to his file, had enlisted three years ago and quickly rose through the ranks. He came from nothing, there was little to know about him. He seemed to be native to the village of Musgrave; having worked at the hall which meant he was already familiar with the lives of nobility before coming to the castle. He owned nothing, outside of a pin he wore under his armour. A gift, it seemed, from the family before he left.
Lestrade sighed. “Hope, this isn't what we agreed to. We agreed to kidnapping the Prince, you want to kill him - fine. I didn't sign on for this. Adler…
“And you can die too for all I care!” he shouted, giving Roberts a rough shove. The pirate wavered off balance before landing backward down the sharply inclined slope. Just as he plummeted over the hillside, John caught a glimpse of something that made his heart stop. The mask Roberts had worn had fallen off, and underneath he caught the sight of sharp cheekbones and dark messy curl. Any doubt that remained was soon expulsion as the cry of Roberts both warmed his heart and shook him to his core.
Sarah, the royal dresser, had eventually began to base his wardrobe around it. Noting that the blue in the gemstone brought out his eyes. Not that it mattered much to John if it matched his clothes or his eyes or whatever, Sherlock could have pinned a moldy onion slice to him and he would have worn it with the same pride. It was all that was left of him, and John refused to let it go.
Molly studied her for a moment before realising what was going on. Rosie was frightened. In an attempt to save the little girl’s pride, she offered her Goddaughter a kind smile. “Maybe we should rest for a bit. Continue this in a bit?”
It had been when Lestrade was carrying the deliveries that he had first spied him. A weaselly looking man with rounded spectacles in regal cloth. Looking much more important than everyone else around him. He was barking an order to a gathering of workers, preparations for the wedding. In truth, Lestrade had almost missed it. Would have if his hands hadn’t been motioning directions; but once he saw it, there was nothing else Gregory could see. Although adorned in black leather gloves, ones that undoubtedly cost most than the Brute had ever accumulated in a grand life total, Gregory Lestrade could see six fingers on the right hand.
Through the morning mist, John saw the outline of a massive crumbling Cliffside. No discernable of passing it. He expected the ship to turn, make way towards a Harbour or at least flat land to disembark on. Instead they sailed right into a sandy nook along the rocky shoreline. John looked about, searching for a sign of cave or path up or through the chasm. Only to face a morbid realisation upon facing his captors.Lestrade, being strapped into a makeshift harness as Adler (Irene Adler, apparently) hopped off the ship and brought to John’s attention a rope that seemed to dangle from the never ending heights of the cliff.
Dimmock pushed Moran aside, casting his snickering face from view as he reached for his own blade. “I shall not ask again nicely, move or we shall force you too! Oi, you lot! Give me a hand, you useless clots!”  The Chief motioned towards the Brutes that stood by, eyeing the rather large one with grey hair in particular. “You leave me no choice!”
Were they really going to exchange pleasantries as if nothing was wrong? The air was tense around them, it was unmissable. Sherlock wasn't one to beat about the bush on things, yet his fingers seemed restless and anxious by the way he was fiddling with them. “I’m leaving today to port, and in a few days I will be boarding a ship crossing the sea.”
. He came to us from Musgrave where he served as a farmhand for Lord Holmes’ hall.” The Count began to list off. “He has been described as having high moral character, unwavering loyalty, and trusted.”
The Count, had other worries on his mind, worries concerning the Prince. Over the last three years, several suitors had been brought to the castle, all of which had been abysmal disasters. Prince James didn’t want someone he’d have to babysit like the Prince of Peruca. Nor did he have the patience to deal with the clingy nature of the Princess of Darconia. The greatest failure had been the most recent one, The Princess from Guilder. It wasn’t unheard of for the two neighbouring Kingdoms to try to acquire peace by marrying one of their children off to another, they’d get a generation or two of tolerance before war broke out again. Prince James and Princess Sarah ( or Sally, as she prefered ) had taken immediate disliking to one another and the peaceful dinner turned into a near declaration of war that was giving Prince James bad press in his Kingdom.
Lestrade swiped, the Man in Black dodged. An idea popped into his head, remaining in place as Lestrade swung again, dodging once more but remaining in place once more.
“Well consider: Here he is, off sailing somewhere with the Dread Pirate Roberts; having had to survive the emotional scars you dealt him. What if he wants now to remain single? Or, worse, what if he has found another?”
He was thankful that he was behind Lestrade, his face screwing tight fretfully as he felt the man lift them all off the ground and began to scale. The rope serving more as a precaution as Lestrade’s bare hands on the rock did most of the work. John would have been amazed if he wasn't scared of falling to his death. Of all the ways to die, impact was not one he favoured. The climb was silent, ignoring Lestrade’s pants as he occasionally stalled to catch his breath. Hope's incessant smug speech had stopped as well, but as had Adler’s almost friendly disposition.
The Ancient Booer was meant to be Mrs. Hudson. I don't know if that came across however. Let me know in the comments.
Before Florin’s 495th year, John Watson had never once suffered heartbreak. He thought he had, as a youth. Days of flirting and dating before it ending as fleetingly as summer did. Yet, nothing from those youthful days compared to the daily reminder of true heart break. When he left Musgrave Hall, the Holmes family had been very generous. They supported him, thanked him for his work in both words and coin. He wasn’t certain if Sherlock had ever told them of their engagement; but he didn’t have to for them to know that he was the reason for his leave.
All of this was none of the concern of The Man in Black --- John couldn't fathom why he seemed to care so much. It was clear on his face, even on just the half that showed. Crystalline eyes shone through the fabric of his covering like daggers towards the Prince; his voice like a slice to the throat. “Or incapable of doing so…” he commented.
The music died, and all heads turned to face the Prince. The Prince drew himself up, the face of stoic royalty held tightly - one of the rules of being so was to never let your mask crack. You had to be more than mortal, you were a god on earth and nothing could bring you to falter. If you doubt, your people will doubt you. Fortunately for Prince James, faltering was not something in his vocabulary. “My People,” The Prince began, voice thundering with clarity over the crowd, yet still remaining charming as best he could. “In one month, our proud kingdom celebrates its 500th anniversary.”
Adler leaned back in her chair, finger to her chin as she processed it all. “So, the count is in the castle; the castle is guarded by… you said thirty men? How many do you think you could take?”
Sherlock was the second born in his family, so he himself held very little outside of his family's name and reputation. His mother, somewhere in her lineage, had noble blood. While the bloodline had diluted generations ago, the title remained. Passed down to their firstborns, as titles do. The exact stature of his family was the subject of some question in their village. They were important enough to visit court on occasion, but not enough to have actual authority outside of their lands. It was all rather confusing and best not to be thought about for too long. The important part was their home, Musgrave Hall that provided much of the employment in their village. Everything else was to debate in taverns and classrooms in the village.
Sorry for the delay, I was under the weather and unable to finish the chapter sooner. I will be posting two chapters next time, as Chapter Seven was the first part of the story I wrote.
Much later, John would make a similar joke about how Sherlock had earned his comeuppance for inflicting chaos and injury onto John - but let’s not get ahead of ourselves. At the present moment, Sherlock’s biggest concerns were sore muscles, bruising, and a steadfast realisation that John would need proper warmth, clean and dry clothing, a meal and a bath after everything. Fortunately, he had dried a lot in the sun, but an air of dampness still clung to the man. John was more at risk for hypothermia and exhaustion than anything else. Sherlock wouldn’t reach a state surpassing this till later; but as that was unbeknownst to the both of them, it was the younger who was fussing about. For had either of them knew what was facing them, perhaps it might have been reversed if not mutual.
Moran approached, parting the crowd for Dimmock but keeping distance enough from the blade, “ Ho there!”
The Man in Black hissed as he struggled to climb. “Just a tad. Bit chilly, don't you think? Not surprising however, with the altitude.”
Sweat poured down his brow as John jumped from his bed with a start. Hand resting over his heart, feeling it thunder in his chest. Gasping as the echoes of the sound died and faded back into his mind.
The second time Roberts stopped their trek, it was three hours later. John saw it coming, and didn't fall asleep harshly as The Man in Black forced him to sit down again. However he was momentarily surprised when Roberts dropped to his knees in front of him and began untying the binds. “What in God's name are you doing?” John demanded, taken aback by this turn of events before mentally scolding himself for questioning why he was being freed.
The Count turned the glass over in his hands, chuckling to himself in amusement of how the scene must have played out. Oh, if only he could have witnessed it.
In the eyes of his men, The Prince had much to worry about without having to cut across enemy country in search of his consort. His father’s failing health, standing on the precipice of a war about to break out any moment between the neighbouring countries, the fast approaching anniversary of Florin and his own wedding. Only Count Charles could recognise the feverish state just below all of that. The one that was thrilled by a hunt; one with bigger stakes. In a sense, this was a better chase than anything the Zoo of Death offered; real life stakes. Not just experiments. Perhaps it was unseemly in court to admit to such things, but Charles was a man of science. He appreciated the Princes’ thirst. Yet that wasn’t all he sensed. There was a lingering trace of fury, masked well by the appropriate fury to having to save a loved one from death. This one was different, darker. Secret. The face of a man whose plans had gone all wrong and was determined to get to the bottom of it.
ATLAS slept on through the following morning, right until lunchtime. When she woke, she fumbled around for Rosie and entered a mild panic when she couldn't find her.
John looked at Sherlock in wonder as her breaths evened out and her chest began to fall into a steady rhythm.
"Hello my darling." John said as he stroked her hair before Sherlock came around and lifted her onto John's lap.
"Are you feeling cold?" Dr Aduba said as he looked at her shivering under her blanket. Her eyes were wide and she felt so tired. Atlas gave a miserable nod, trying to choke back the tears that were trying to fight their way to the front. He then took her temperature which was in truth spiking as she had another basin shoved under her chin, throwing up again.
"Come on love," John said. He looked down at her, a cloth held to her mouth as it became less severe. "There we go sweetheart, that's it."
"I didn't read the email till today I promise and she hasn't contacted me in any other way. I promise papa I'm not lying, dad I'm really not lying. Please believe me, I didn't know. I was at the scene and now I feel like she's coming back." She paused for breath. "And I know she can't and that makes me stupid but I don't want my family to die. Not when I've never really had one. I don't want them all to be taken away from me. You have to believe me, I didn't know. I didn't know."
"If it's not-" John began but stopped himself when he received a pointed look from Wanda. You really shouldn't mess with that woman when she makes up her mind. Beside him, Sherlock smirked as they faced Sherlock's parents. "Alright."
"IT'S our song!" Rosie squealed as "The Best of You" by Andy Grammer started playing through the speaker from Atlas' spotify playlist. Sherlock was standing making scrambled eggs for Rosie whilst John ate toast at the breakfast bar, newspaper in hand. Atlas had jumped onto the counter again with a bowl of cereal.
When Atlas woke up from her thoughtful trance she found the queen's speech to be coming to an end. She looked up to see Sherlock had fallen asleep, the only one to do so. So Atlas being the only person who knew she could get away with it tickled him under the knee. In that moment she knew she couldn't be anymore annoying. He jolted awake sending everyone else in the room into coils of laughter. He himself let out a little laugh before ruffling Atlas' hair as she gave him a look.
And then what he felt stab him hardest was thinking of the future she would never have. How beautiful she would look at her wedding. How proud himself and her father would be of her. How pretty her children would be. How much of an amazing musician and writer she would be. How much of an amazing wife, a daughter, a mother, a sister. He rested his forehead against hers in desperation.
“No, that’s how the story goes Rosie, but it’s okay beca-” Molly wasn’t able to get another word out as Rosie cried out an resounding denial.
“Shut up.” John smirked, but it didn't reach his eyes as Sherlock’s wariness began to catch. It didn't take long for the reason for their paranoia to manifest.
Sherlock sat smugly in his chair as John sat across from him, head a bit woozy as bright red dots began showing on his skin. “I guess something Rosie touched carried the damn virus.” John muttered in exasperation. Trying very hard not to think of the irritation growing on his skin. “Bloody perfect, I'm too damn old for this!”
,” his hand pressed against his brooch, covering it and his heart as he did, “doesn’t happen every day.” Another shared kiss, and the promise of a tomorrow they would share, Sherlock left Musgrave Hall and John was left thinking how he should have said it anyway.
Moran shrugged with a frustrated sigh, his lip split from an earlier fight. Swinging his rifle back over his shoulder.  “Yeah, we’re making decent headway now that we cleared the north quarter, but there is some woman giving us trouble in the south…”
As his eyes adjusted, to the dawn’s light he was greeted by the face of Adler sitting on a crate near him. Watching him and the horizon in equal measure. “Good morning your highness, hope you slept well. I don't expect you to have, but all the same…” She mused. Her tone almost apologetic nature.
. Lies do not become us.” He wasn’t an idiot; he knew what was really happening. Even though his heart was aching just as much as his body - Sherlock wasn’t blinded like John was. John was in danger by the man he trusted, and Sherlock wasn’t going to be reunited with his pirate crew anytime soon.
“YOU MOCKED ME ONCE, DON'T EVER DO IT AGAIN. I WAS DEVASTATED WHEN I HEARD SHERLOCK WAS KILLED. I - I DIED THAT DAY!”
John couldn’t escape. He couldn’t hide. Everyone had begun to turn with her. Everyone looked at him accusatory. The praise was gone. The kingdom didn’t want him to serve for them - they wanted his head.
“FAITHFULNESS.” Roberts spat, almost shaking in fury too. Perhaps he was tired of the Princes’ sob story, when it was clear he thought very poorly of him. John couldn't stand it. The worst part was that he was forced to see how it all must look. Forced to wonder if there was any truth to the Pirate's detestment of him. Roberts looked like he was about to snap as his voice rose in anger. “Your unwavering faithfulness. So tell me, John? In learning that your love was gone, did you get engaged that same hour or did you wait a week out of respect for the dead!?”
John did not return the endearment, instead giving a stiff nod before stating matter of factually, “He will come.”
The Man in Black cut him off before he could finish. “Yes, it's clear on your skin. Even if you haven't had to labour in the sun for quite sometime, there are still tan lines around your collar and wrists. I also note that your hands are calloused, a sign of working with them. Physical Labour.” He paused, as if only realizing that he had reached out and took one of the bound hands into his own, highlighting his observations to John as if he didn’t already know them to be true. It was then that the prince realised that too. He cleared his throat, giving the pirate a lead to continue or slit this throat, or whatever it was he planned to do.
"Get well soon." She whispered her free hand reaching forward to touch her papa's. Then she started to cry, sobs of fear rocking their way through her body, Sherlock taking her back up into his arms as he comforted her.
"Oh, sorry." Wanda said as she followed the others in with Timothy. Her eyes glanced off Atlas and caught sight of Rosie who was ambling into Mycroft's lap.
"We'll wait till the ambulance gets here," John whispered to Atlas who nodded as he rocked her. "It's okay. I've got you. I'm here. Papa's here. I've got you. I've always got you." It was a mantra of soothing words now and in the distance they could hear sirens.
"You should've seen him. Sleeping Beauty half of the way here." Atlas smirked as she made her way up to round the back of him, her red bag on her back.
"Magic," Atlas said with a smile. "I'm a lot calmer when I'm with you. I feel really good and I don't have as many absence seizures and I don't panic so, Rosamund, you are my magic."
Lestrade had grown to very much like Atlas for her less abrasive analysis than Sherlock. Despite this factor, when she was pissed she was more likely to be harsh and rude.
"Happy Birthday my dear Watson." Sherlock said as she let go of Atlas' legs and went into his embrace. Giggling as he lifted her up and she rested her head on his shoulder. John hugged Atlas into his side as she wrapped an arm around Sherlock's side. As they were stood in the window they appeared like silhouettes to the rest of the family who took photos. It was rather endearing.
"Im coming Atlas." Sammy promised, before the janitor holding him back let him through and he kneeled by her side. "They called your dad, he's coming by soon."
John rubbed her shoulder comfortingly, Sherlock reciprocating the movement on her back. Everyone knew what she was going to say, so she didn't continue, all of them smiling.
"Yeah, papa," Atlas smiled before her face fell as she looked around. "Sam." She said, as the boy came in and budged her over on the dining chair she was on. They swayed against each other for a moment in laughter before stopping.
"Atlas?" He all but exclaimed after the fright he'd recieved, dropping infront of her. "What's happened? Are you hurt? Are you-?" John asked, running his hands over her shoulders anxiously. "Come on, your safe. Your safe, Atlas. You can take your hands away. Your safe. Listen to my voice, it's John...it's papa and I'm telling you, your safe, love." His hands rubbed her shoulders as Sherlock appeared, his blue weighted blanket wrapped around his shoulders. Gently, he sat down on the floor and shuffled over next to her. Slowly, with the help of John, he wrapped the blanket around her shoulders before himself and John exchanged a look.
"Unfortunately," Atlas frowned. "But, we know its because of something called FND. Functional Neurological Disorder."
THAT evening on their way home from 221B Atlas insisted on nipping into a shop the street over from the flat. She went inside her eyes studying the tows of fruits and vegetables, trying to find what she was looking for. Sherlock was lost among the aisles of miscellaneous items, whilst John was occupying Rosie with looking at all the magazines and newspapers on display.
"Didn't take mine." Atlas admitted quietly as she rested her elbows on her knees, her hands clasped together in contemplation.
"Ok. Please understand that we are trusting you to no partake in any of the following; running this is also included with any physical sports; heavy lifting; and for now, swimming." Dr Aduba smiled. "In short nothing too challenging. And also refrain from harsh breaths and power singing. Just, be sensible."
"Before my lovely fiance can spout to you some endless rubbish about him deducing it. We were told this morning." John said.
"That doesn't make enough. He doesn't pay you the normal rate and you haven't taken any of his cases in months." John frowned.
"But he didn't come back the first time." Atlas sobbed before Timothy pulled her into a hug and rubbed her shoulder. He smelled like pine needles in winter and it instantly soothed Atlas.
"Just some guy in the street." Atlas said reassuringly. "Anyway, your the one who's really hurt." Atlas lay on the floor, inspecting Rosie's cast with enthusiasm.
"Picking Rosie up from school, then getting Sammy from his music teacher and then they're all coming here, so just me, for now, I'm afraid," John smiled.
Atlas nodded once, not sure what he meant. The evening before was now just a blur, she'd erased it from the hard drive. Maybe she shouldn't have.
"This is what I mean, Sherlock, you can deduce a body but you can't tell what the hell I'm trying to tell you!" John shouted at Sherlock.
"Nana Hudson got me it." She grinned before wriggling like a worm causing Wanda to put her down. The five year old's next target was Timothy who kissed her cheek and gave her a similar hug.
"Afraid so," John sighed as he looked at Sammy, wrapped an arm around his tall shoulders and pulled him into his side. "We can't wake her up but I do think we should wait and see if she wakes up, cause if she does she'll need us. Okay?"
SHERLOCK was carrying Rosie whilst Sammy skulked near the back with his guitar and Sherlock's violin as they walked down the hallway of Atlas' floor. Sherlock looked back to Sammy, only to realise he was quite far behind, so he stood and waited for him to catch up. Once he had, he slung an arm around his shoulder, and they continued along the hallway to Atlas' room.
"Its normally for young children to cough or throw up in situations like these." John said before looking over to Sherlock who just nodded once. "If she starts coughing again in five or ten minutes after a long pause tell me." John rested a hand on his partners shoulder, the ground still wet beneath his feet. She was sat up near the wall on the incase she threw up. There was around two minutes and 24 seconds of coughing before nothing and Sherlock knew she was okay. A retching noise came from her throat and she pushed herself onto her knees. Sherlock lay a reassuring hand on her back before she emptied the contents of her stomach - which wasn't a lot - onto the floor of the cement room. The five year old gave a little cry and Sherlock rubbed a hand over her back, muttering quietly.
"This is my friend Sammy." Atlas smiled as she introduced him to her grandparents who smiled at him. Rosie running out and giving them a hug.
"Holmes. William Sherlock Scott Holmes." Sherlock recited, Atlas glancing around her. It was a high-end facility, only the wealthiest would be able to afford. The wealth of themselves, was debatable in itself. Sherlock had an inheritance, left to him by Lady's and Lord's for grandparents, he'd stored money away on several occasions for various different reasons. One, was for buying a house.
"Normally," Amy began, flipping through a file. "We would be required to do this in a court, but unfortunately you have ended up in this position. I have gone through all the necessary proceeds and all the things necessary..." She paused. "Dr Aduba, I don't suppose you could find Dr Watson-Holmes. Only I want him here for this bit aswell." Dr Aduba nodded before disappearing.
"Right, come on Atlas. Time to go." John smiled, before crouching down to say goodbye to Rosie. Exchanged another kiss with Sherlock and headed out the door to the hallway. Atlas gave Rosie a hug and found herself standing opposite her dad.
Wanda's mouth opened to say something, but she shut it again. There was a pause whilst the older woman gathered the needed courage to speak.
"I can't go. Because I've already said I'm not. It was supposed to be today up Ben Rinnes. Apparently, when my parents lived in Moray they used to go up with dogs or something." John said through tears. "But, I told my mum I couldn't go, and then I told her the reason. And they've postponed it."
"She had a tremor start up, sometimes called a shaking attack." John informed with a frown. "Her limbs were shaking."
Turning down the radio Sherlock looked to John and then to their children. "Are we all looking forward to going away soon?"
John looked up at her with a sad smile which Atlas returned. Xerxes, May and Sammy sat as Rosie joined them and Sherlock brought a plate with a stack over. Before Atlas came over with a huge smile towards him.
"I'm still going to issue a suspension. I would like to get Atlas in now." She said getting up and leaving the room, opening the door and looking down the hall.
"That's a good bit. I like Smaug and Bilbo's meeting, but I especially like Dain's arrival down the hillside. I know I definately wouldn't want to be on the side of the elves in that. Imagine how scary it would be." Timothy imagined, his expression suggesting he was viewing it right before his eyes.
Ten minutes later and John and Rosie hustled in the door, surprised to see the other half of their family home already. Rosie squealed and ran over to Sherlock who picked her up and kissed her cheek whilst John put the shopping on the table. Upon entering the living room he spotted Atlas asleep on the sofa and looked over to Sherlock.
ATLAS didn't know how she ended up in this situation, a few minutes ago she was walking down the street and now she was sat on her bed with a ticking time bomb attached go her torso. A part of her was praying someone wouldn't come into the house so she didn't kill them. Rosie had gone out shopping with Mrs Hudson. Another part of her was praying to be rescued and be able to say goodbye.
"My little brother, talking about his feelings and family?" Mycroft asked as Eurus hit him playfully and he looked at her.
"Yeah, she's bi I think," Sammy said with a smile. "Can me and Atlas take Rosie to see the ducks tommorow?"
"No," Atlas giggled back. "I think I might just be starting to heal. My soul I mean. It's this place."
"You fell asleep." Atlas laughed as she stirred from beside him. Sherlock laughed a little too as she wriggled to sit up, leaning against the headboard. Sherlock still opened his arm for her to slot in, and when she refused, he just pulled her into a hug.
The queue was long and despite Atlas' anxiety building up like a fire exposed to petroleum, she continued to stand there. Her knees wobbled and she held Sammy's hand tighter.
"Sometimes pain meds make her throw up and sometimes just pain does," John sighed, looking at Atlas. "Are you in pain sweetheart?"
"I don't see why not," John said. "She'll need a little cheering up. Now you, need sleep. Your a teenager."
"About five," Sammy grinned as Atlas put her head on his shoulder, his head resting against her crown.
"You don't say." Mycroft chuckled in response to what Atlas had said. "But Sherlock and your mother were good at choosing your names."
"I don't know but I'm seeing a neurologist." Atlas sighed and put her head back against Sammy and he rested his cheek on the crown of dark curls.
"Good, because you've promised to marry me." Sherlock smirked, before kissing John. It lasted a few seconds, a contempt moment of realisation and conversation that said
"Okay, okay, I know, I know my darling," Sherlock whispered as his grip around her waist never loosened. "Atlas stop. Stop screaming, your alright. I've got you. I've got you. Dad's here. Dad's here. I've got you."
ATLAS woke, her eyes remaining closed as she attempted to sit up however there was something preventing her from being able to do so. Running a hand over her forehead she put a hand out and traced the material that ran under her fingernails - wood. She sniffed and smelt the smell of fresh earth and damp, she strained her eyes but realised she was surrounded by darkness. Next, she began to think about what she could remember.
"You were a cute baby." John remarked, rubbing Atlas' shoulder. "And you, Sherlock Holmes, there have been few times you've ever smiled that smile."
"Walk Redbeard with me." Sherlock smiled. The dog didn't normally require a walk twice a day, but already Sherlock was growing tired of Mycroft's pointless, endless wittering.
"Gradually getting less." Sherlock sighed, Atlas sighing aswell. "Every once in a while he has a really bad one."
Collecting some tissue, John came back over and kneeled down near her. She wasn't dribbling but shaking violently, her hair going everywhere.
"Yeah." Atlas whispered. "Thank you." John withdrew his hand and rested an elbow on the hospital mattress, his cheek in his palm. His other hand, coming to rest lightly next to his elbow. "It suits you."
"Sweetheart, is something wrong?" And then her knees began to buckle and her eyes roll. "Christ, okay, okay." Lurching forward he attempted to catch her as she fell to the floor. Luckily, he caught her, head not making contact with the floor, her body sagging against him. She was now sitting, unconcious against his legs. With as much strength as he could muster he pulled her up onto her bed and lay her down. And in good timing as her arms came up and shook against her chest. Her entire body began to convulse brutally, her head back and neck straining. Soon, her hands were down next to her sides, clenching and un-clenching fists next to her thighs. "Oh, love."
"Yes, yes I know. But do you want to just do it. Go for it like tomorrow or the day after or on the weekend or something like that?" Sherlock asked looking over to where he could just see John's outline.
"You know, she looks just like she did when she was born." Sherlock said looking over to Atlas with a small smile. "She looks so small."
"How bad is it?" John asked quietly, not looking up to meet Sherlock's eyes. He's known for years about the thread of mental health issues amongst the Holmes family. "The anxiety."
"There's things...these things around me...people, people coming for me." Atlas whimpered as John pulled her forehead to his lips and he kissed lightly.
"Oh kid." John said. He was half seated on the bed so Atlas sat in a position where she could easily reach across and hug him. She did so, both of them burying their heads on each others shoulders.
"It sounds old." John said before he put out his left hand, feeling the interior of the car. "Is it..." Pause. "No, it can't be. No way."
"She's not been going long," John said. "I've got you. I've got you." John paused. "I'm an awful dad. I'm sorry, Sam."
"Okay, love, it's okay," John said, reaching his hand back too. And Sammy out an arm around her shoulder as tears began to fall.
"Don't suppose you'd like to go on a shopping trip with me?" Sammy asked looking at Atlas. "Only, I'm in dire need of some new clothes that are my style. And you seem like the perfect person to help me assert it. So whaddya think?"
"Atlas left a note. She took the dog for a walk with Rosie." John said after placing the mugs of tea down.
"I'll go get your present." Atlas said getting to her feet, Rosie ran after her as they exited the front door. They went out to Mycrofts car and collected the dog who had been surreptitiously fed and walked by the man himself.
"You know how I was in care and foster homes before I came and found dad again?" Atlas asked, the young girl nodding, Jeff being pulled to her chest. "Well sometimes I got a bad one."
"What the hell?!" John shouted, getting to his feet, Rosie wriggling against Mrs Hudson. "Are you? Are you serious? I can't believe you sent him out there. You knew there was a risk!" John was shouting now.
"She...well...she died. We kept her in a facility and then she died. We...uhh...she committed suicide. We weren't expecting her to but she managed anyway." Mycroft answered as he began to mix some of the ingredients together. He was lying. She could tell by the way he was behaving, two bets she was alive and staying in his house. "What's your full name?"
"You have Elton John and a whole playing dedicated to him," Atlas said quietly. "So I'm happy." She slowly began to sit up and swinging her legs over the edge of the bed, looked at him. Getting to her feet, he stood suddenly as he looked at her.
"I know," John said to her, a hand out to her shoulder. "We've had to call an ambulance. That seizure was too long to be safe. We need to get it checked out."
Sherlock and John checked in on them that evening smiling as Atlas had an arm around Rosie as she slept. Like an older sibling would she hadn't grumbled or attempted to push her away. She just lay there quiet.
"I would of. If I knew how to get here." Atlas replied, a hint of sass running through her teenage voice as Sherlock remained silent. He would have let her go alone, but he couldn't be sure that Mary-Anne wouldn't cause her psychological issues after having a conversation with her.
ATLAS and Sammy were sat opposite each other in a little secluded booth at the side of the coffee come book shop.
"We should probably get you two to a hospital at some point. And the police." John said as he too came and sat down, giving Atlas a small, worried smile.
"On my wedding day." John started. "I saw you. Sad. Everytime I looked you seemed sad, except for when you knew I was looking." It was something that had bothered him ever since and he was determined to discover why.
"You do. You know you remember me." Atlas explained quietly, tears spilled from her eyes. "I'm Atlas."
THE room filled with every Upper Sixth student that attended the small college. It was a large-ish room filled with row upon row of tables and chairs accompanied with school cleaner and varnished flooring. Multi-coloured tape in lines. Atlas and Sammy were among the first few in and made their way quickly to the back few rows, sitting down promptly. An endless clunky of school bags and chair legs as the chatter began. Sammy sat on her right, being the only person each other cared to engage with. However, on her left a different girl, someone she'd hardly spoken to. Atlas flicked her eyes over the girl before flashing a smile.
"I'm sorry, John." She croaked, prompting only a sigh from the man. He ran a tired hand over his eyes before she added desperately. "I'm really - I didn't - I'm sorry Pa."
"The English teacher covering for my daughter while she was getting married last week and whilst she is on her honeymoon." Mrs Frobisher said, Sherlock surprised at the thought of a mother
"PAPA?" Atlas asked, her eyes partially closed. "Dad?" Her voice was muffled by the oxygen mask, still sitting over her nose and mouth.
"You spend time alone normally don't you Mrs Hudson?" Atlas asked painfully bluntly. Normally she would expect a bit of backlash from John for saying something so rude but there was nothing.
"Redbeard is a soft lump," Sammy grinned before stroking the dogs head. He looked up at Sammy, wagged his tail before flopping back down.
Going downstairs they made their way to the lab before knocking on it, entering they saw Atlas peering through a microscope with her dad peering over her head, a hand on her shoulder.
"But you weren't, Sherlock," John finished. "And that's a moment for which I am ashamed. Your dad here, was going through hell like no other and me? I was too busy wallowing in my self-pity and being selfish that I didn't spend enough time to care about my friend who was going through just as much hell as myself. Even more, because of who he is, how wonderfully dangerously he loves. What I'm trying to say," John paused. "Is that, you shouldn't feel ashamed because, at the end of the day, we don't want to be anywhere else except, maybe at home, with you and Sammy and Rosie and Redbeard-"
"It's alright Atlas." Sherlock whispered, his eyes flitting up to meet John's eyes. "We've got you now." Now, John kissed her hair aswell on the other side.
"Thank you." Atlas said again before they exchanged a little smile. Sherlock got up from his seat and went over to wash out his mug of tea.
"That's alright," John said with a smile. "I'll sit here with you as long as you need and want me to."
Sherlock took his gloves out his right coat pocket and pulled at them. The leather stretching out after he's been forced to wash them a few days ago. John kept his eyes ahead, watching as a young woman was stood in front of them. She glanced behind her swiftly and locked eyes with him smiling. Sherlock looked up momentarily, giving a small smile. He looked down again fiddling with his gloves as a nervous habit.
"I used to hide under the kitchen table," Atlas said quietly, still struggling breaths in and out. "I knew she could see me but at least it would be a little longer before she would. I dreamt about one time...this one time that I had a seizure...absence...and I dropped a vase and smash..." She squeezed John's hand as she wheezed a little. "Tiny pieces and I hid under the table. She wouldn't find me there. But she did...but this time..." She stopped and looked at John then down to her lap. "It was always worse when she hit dad. When she hit me it was just a little slap here or a little slap there...it didn't matter...unless she was really angry but with Dad because he was an adult..."
"Hey." Atlas smiled before looking down at a little book she was messily scribbling another set of ideas for a song into.
"I love you too, sweetheart," Sherlock smiled before Atlas pulled away and beckoned her friends behind the island.
"An army medic who has encountered the common side effects of severe pain," Dr Aduba said with kind eyes before John nodded.
"I can go, John. You can stay at work." Sherlock said collecting his jacket, however, he heard John close the door to his GP room and the opening of the sliding doors.
"I don't know Sherlock," John frowned. "She had a flashback, or at least, I think that's what it was." The seizure stopped and moving back onto her back, he rubbed her side. "Alright. We're here. We've got you."
"No, uh, no, Mary-Anne said she didn't want to know because we were going to get rid of the baby and I couldn't argue against her. To be honest, I think it's one of life's last mysteries, one you have to wait to find out. I didn't want to know and at least I knew I was going to give the baby the second name Atlas regardless of sex."  Sherlock smiled as John smiled at him.
And then he came back. His eyes darting around him to find that he was alone. He was confused, very confused.
Later Sherlock repayed the debt to Mrs Hudson whilst she was stuck in her marriage. Sherlock put himself on the line to try and charge her husband, try and catch him out. He did so, charged on both drug selling and abuse. Currently he is serving jail time and isn't due out for quite sometime. Atlas scared herself by this analysis, all the pieces and things she'd seen suddenly coming together into one big pile that made sense.
"Oh," Sherlock said, taken aback looking at Sherlock. "Thank you." The dog trotted along on the end of the lead that was clutched between Rosie's fingers.
"WATSON-HOLMES, we booked a table," Sherlock smiled as he told the waitress, Rosie swinging off his fingers.
"Your going to help Eurus get her pictures into Ruth's art shop," Mycroft said handing Atlas Ruth's business card.
"Sherlock! Your parents are here!" Mrs Hudson shouted as they heard her ascend the stairs with another two sets of footsteps. Atlas really didn't want to meet any more people of her supposed family. She'd gone from having no family to having every family member she never had in a matter of weeks. To say she was overwhelmed was an understatement but she decided to stick with it.
"No, no, no, no, not again. It can't happen again. She can't take it again," Sherlock mumbled, tears streaming down his face as he was yanked out the room and he was left screaming. He pounded on the windows and he could feel it. The meltdown. That washing feeling and he had to take himself out the situation and calm, calm the fuck down. Calm down, Sherlock.
"I don't know. Maybe I wanted to prove myself or something that and I wasn't that sure. Oh and a mass of police cars may have caused more problems if the man had any allies. But at least we found them." Atlas said to Lestrade who nodded before she departed, knowing she would be spending the night alone.
"Atlas. Look at me." John said putting his hand under her chin and making sure she looked at him while Sherlock and Mycroft began to discuss many things about the vest.
"Redbeard." Sherlock smiled to himself before he felt something prick his eye. To his amazement he was truly so touched it was causing tears to emerge and he cursed himself for being so childish.
"Okay. Just promise me your not going to become a robot hauled out in here." Atlas said looking at him skeptically, that's the last thing she wanted him to become. Atlas had come to the conclusion that she was somewhat sad and excited. It was strange, she'd left somewhere where she didn't feel at home to somewhere she did - yet, she felt as if she was missing something.
They continued to select a gentle turquoise for the upstairs bathroom before Atlas caught the attention of an employee. He was called Matt, had three dogs that were short and fluffy and black - most likely west highland terriers, a girlfriend who had brought one of the three dogs, they were living together out of town etc, etc. Atlas got bored before he'd even fully approached them.
John looked over to Sherlock with a small smile. He recognised the music but when Sherlock was singing it it sounded less like the original jumpy rhythm and instead sounded, raw, gentle and kind.
"Was it a petit or a grand?" Atlas asked Sammy, looking at him. Her head was thumping and her senses were still on their way to overload.
"You should have said, love." John said as he looked to where Rosie was colouring in with Eurus. Atlas got up and made her way over, stopping just short of them.
"I'm going to dose you with morphine to help alleviate it a little," Dr Aduba smiled before ordering the nurse who had entered with him to do so. He looked to John. "Dr Watson."
"She's my baby," Sherlock said. "It feels like I've only just gotten her back." He then looked at her with sad, crystal blue eyes with a frown as wide as his ears. "I don't want to loose her, Harry. I
"How come you didn't tell us about this?" Lestrade asked after seventeen people were counted out from the truck.
"John," Sherlock whined. "Come back." The younger man paused as he looked up at John in the light. "I sounded like a five year old there."
"Sherlock, breathe," John chided with a smile. "It's okay. Stop panicking alright? I'm here to help you, okay?" John's face soon fell however as he attempted to soothe Sherlock. "Sherlock, look at me. Sherlock, will you look at me?" He lifted up his hand and wiggled his finger that held his wedding band. "What's this?"
"Yes. And that means I know she doesn't need us crowding her." Sherlock said quietly, leaning back against the counter.
"We're positive." Sammy replied. "She doesn't like the smell of it and she really doesn't want to touch it. She has poor psychological links to it. She wouldn't want to."
Slowly he walked in to see John in a hospital gown. To his right, a table stood, his clothing piled up neatly in a pile. Sherlock walked over and touched the jumper, his fingers feeling through the soft material. Beside where he stood John lay, a tube ran into his mouth. He's been told that he was currently unconscious and he may remain this way for a while, but if would be hard to tell. He finally looked at him, his face feeling hot as tears swelled in his eyes.
"Hello." Another voice said and John shushed whoever it was as he felt Atlas' body go rigid again. "It's okay, Atlas. Just keep focusing on my voice. Relax. It's just me. Your ok. Your safe."
"Oh, Sherlock," John said with a smile. "I don't care if your autistic, deaf or blind you are and will always be the love of my life. Would I still be standing here if I cared?"
"It would be my pleasure," Sherlock said as he took the violin and Atlas began to tighten, then resin up her bow.
"Figured it out yet?" Sherlock asked, pulling Atlas out of her thoughts as they waited to cross the road. She shook her head before looking back again.
"Miss Holmes? What is your name? I have a lot of readers who would like to know you story and name." The man said, before Sherlock stepped between.
"Oh, little Atlas." He said putting his lips to her forehead, his nose bumping her forehead and giving a little sniff. "Your my little Atlas."
When at the car Sammy helped Atlas in and started up the car. Her eyes were screwed shut and he put a hand over her knee.
"That means you and me Wanda." Timothy smiled as he placed a hand on his wife's leg and smiled at her.
"John, I can't read your face," Sherlock said as he pulled away and got to his feet, bouncing a little.
And John was so confused. He wanted to cry and scream and shout at his father for every single thing he'd done and part of him wished he hadn't killed himself so that he could have faced the abuse charges that were bound to be coming his way. But he didn't want that. He didn't want his dad to be dead. There was something wrong when that happened, he died too early.
"Grand...ma." Atlas croaked as Wanda reached out a hand to stroke her hair. Brushing it out her eyes, Wanda gave a tearful smile.
And Atlas did, much to her surprise, manage to swallow down a gulp of water as her hand tremors momentarily subsided. Dr Young gave a little smile before flipping over the paper on her file and starting on a new page.
Nearing the checkout, Atlas went through to fill up the bags as Rosie and John loaded up the conveyor. Atlas then began to pack so fast that the person working at the till had to work incredibly fast to get everything through. Atlas still had time I between to spare.
"Right Ro." Sherlock said as he held her and smiled his goofy smile. "Let's go change your tights, shall we?" Rosie nodded as Sherlock took her upstairs.
"I just wanted a hug from you," Atlas whispered. "Your comfortable. Not fat. Comfortable. I love you."
"Food," John said trying to move his arm but Atlas remained latched onto it. He took a sandwich and gave it to Atlas who took it with a nod.
"Squeeze my hand." The nurse smiled as he sat on the bed. Atlas squeezed it repeatedly, her fingers clamping hard enough to make him wince. She heard her dads speaking to one side but as she looked around all she could see were blurry figures in a swooping, unfocused motion. She felt sick.
"Which, until now estranged family member, was it?" Atlas asked pulling away, her hands falling to her side.
"She's distressed," Dr Aduba informed. "And she told me about shouting at the two of you to leave. You have to understand the mental pressure she is experiencing."
AROUND half an hour later a kind nurse appeared to take Sherlock to see John. Everyone agreed that he would go and see what state his partner was in, before the girls would.
"Okay," He smiled before they went in and he sat her down before sitting opposite her. "Talk to me."
NEW Year's Eve had been nice and peaceful, John and Sherlock had had an important chat and Mrs Hudson had joined them to count the New Year in.
The seizure eventually stopped, not long after the crowds of school children were shuttled out of the section of canteen. Her eyes flickered open and Atlas' assessed the room her eyes locking on Sammy.
The teenager looked around the kitchen, found the book she had just finished and made her way over to the bookcase. She looked at it thoughtfully before Sherlock sidled up beside her and looked at the books thoughtfully. She pulled out a few and looked at the blurbs before putting them back and sighing.
"Oh, you came down here, I didn't know where you went," Sammy said, appearing aswell and sitting next to Sherlock.
Thirty seven minutes after class began she was back inside the room feeling like she was going to throw up.
"Well, some people just don't see the value in them," John said with a laugh. "And I don't understand that either."
"Atlas?" John tried sitting on the floor next to her. "You in there?" A hand on her shoulder was shrugged off and she cowered. "Okay, we'll just sit a moment, yeah?"
"We're not going anywhere unless the spare tyre is on the boot and it's not because we had a flat two weeks ago." Atlas sighed as she looked at her dad. "We've got a flat."
"God, I want to marry you as soon as possible. We shouldn't have put it off. We can have the party at the weekend and we can look for rings on Wednesday because the jewellers that we both like is open and God Sherlock, I am so in love with you, I could cry. I'm not going to, but I could." John laughed against Sherlock's neck.
"I've...I've always liked you." Sherlock blurted out, clasping a hand over his mouth after saying it. John looked at him confused mixed with hurt. "I never...never knew how to say it. And then it was all happening so fast and you were marrying Mary and you looked happy. Happier than you were when you would speak to me before Mary. And so I let you go."
"It's a piece of a poem called 'Anne Hathaway' by Carole Ann Duffy, it's about Shakespeare's wife," Sherlock said quietly. "Or in my case, I think that piece fits my husband quite well."
"Bye." John and Sherlock said in unison before hanging up. John got to his feet and was about to leave the room when Sherlock's phone rang.
WHEN Eurus and Mycroft eventually reached the Vault they began the attempts of opening it. Eurus stayed quiet, observing, where Mycroft looked around the edges in search for a way in. It wasn't even difficult, which made it all the more confusing - not even dangerous.
"Alright, looks like your other dad has been cleared and the other man so you should be good to go home. The police will speak with you in the morning,"
"You live further from the centre than I do." Atlas remarked before she smirked at him. They stood outside the coffee shop before collecting themselves and falling into step with each other. Atlas said that she could pay for a cab but he insisted that from where they were it wasn't far.
"Your never too old for hugs," John said as he put his hands either side of her face and kissed her forehead. "Now go give your younger old man a hug aswell."
Movement off to the side alerted them to Atlas waking up, however, she was only draping a haphazard arm over her forehead.
"Nice to meet you Mr Holmes." Atlas said presenting her hand for what felt like the fifteenth time this week. The man seemed taken aback but shook it gladly.
"This." He said handing her a shopping list, a £10 note and a £20 note. It was small and consisted of various items, but she knew that depending where they went and what they chose to buy could increase it.
"Atlas?" Sherlock asked, making his way into Mrs Hudson's living room. Atlas, having told Mrs Hudson what had happened looked at her.
It was the 29th of December - New Year's Eve edging closer and closer by the second. Mycroft and his parents had been informed along with Mrs Hudson. Lestrade had yet to be contacted.
"Yeah. That's nothing new to any of us." Atlas fessed up as she caught the laughter in her other family members eyes. "I'm just gonna say this now, I guessed, asked dad and got it right."
"I'm not your sister. John doesn't want me. Nobody wants me!" Atlas shouted her voice hoarse as Rosie was knocked to the ground. She wailed, the sound not going unheard from downstairs. Sherlock and John making a speedy appearance as Rosie got to her feet and held her head, hot tears running down the young girls face. Atlas stayed where she was sat, her face blank. Nothing inside. Her brain was nothing, like Mrs Pertwee said. She was nothing.
"Promise me something?" Kirsty asked as Atlas frowned, tears streaming down her face. "Don't you dare kill yourself."
AFTER the body had been disposed of and everyone had left the small flat everyone's sleep schedule's had become disrupted.
"Calm it down." Mycroft whispered, rubbing at Sherlock's back lightly. "Just breathe, Sherlock. That's it. God, it's been a long time since we've done this little brother." There was a pause. "Hey, hey, hey, don't breathe too fast again. Just keep it steady. That's it, Sherlock. That's good." Sherlock sighed into Mycroft's shoulder.
"Do you want to talk?" John had whispered as he lifted his chair closer and sat down, taking her hands in his.
"Were you embarrassed?" Sherlock asked gently before Atlas sobbed with a nod before putting her face in her hands.
"Me and Sherlock have to go out to see Lestrade and Mycroft. You will be alright on your own?" John questioned, care in his eyes as he settled to the desk and began to type as usual.
"Good job," John smirked as he put down his book. "Cause I married you and 'cause I'm in love with you too."  He wiggled his fingers and with a grin in Sherlock's hands as the younger man stretched and put his feet against John's shin. "God, Sherlock! Your feet are bloody freezing!" And in reaction, the older man pulled his legs away.
She leaned against him as she sat forward on the sofa. "Alright?" John asked, rubbing her arm firmly with her thumb.
"What did I do to you?" Atlas asked after an eerie pause of quiet. She looked up at him silently, his hand stroking hair gently away from her face.
"So it is," Sherlock smiled before stopping next to an off licence. Atlas kept walking until she realised that he'd stopped, and, turning around she walked back towards him. "Here." He said producing a ten pound note. "Get some flowers and please get me a coffee."
"Look at that," Mrs Hudson smiled after some time as she nodded to the pair of them sat on the sofa.
John's hand absent mindedly stroked through the curls, brushing them off her forehead as she closed her eyes. Sherlock leaned back in the chair he was in and he too began to fall asleep. John watched, gently, before closing his eyes himself.
Rosie nodded before Sherlock scooped her up in one arm. His other hand took Atlas' as they went into the hospital room. Atlas went forward a little and stopped, tears forming in her eyes. Rosie however wriggled out of Sherlock's grasp and stayed stood behind him.
"I was going to try a few B&B's. Just see what I can find." Atlas said as she looked at the man. She didn't like what he was about to offer, but it was probably safer than most places at the moment.
"You need her on the case." John announced placing his hand on Lestrade's chest telling him to back up. He did so taking a few steps back before Atlas nodded in thanks before producing a hand infront of Lestrade.
"Yeah?" He asked, pausing his right hand movements on the lock. Atlas stopped. She knew what she wanted to ask him, but whilst they were standing outside a storage unit was maybe not the best.
ATLAS paced her bedroom floor in the afternoon before lying on it. What had her life become? She hated herself for not telling John and Sherlock sooner, she hated herself for believing that her mum had died.
When Dr Young finished she nodded with a frown to Dr Aduba. Well, we all know who the earwig is now. "And I'm afraid," Dr Young began. "She's showing suicidal tendencies."
"No need to look for a service station. I have muffins and apples to put us on. I also brought a flask with tea and coffee in reusable boxes." Atlas said and in that moment everyone became extremely grateful that at least one of them could be prepared.
"Alright." Mycroft said, something protesting in his voice as he could think of no valid argument. The girl had some talent and putting her to school would most likely dumb it down, he wasn't going to let that happen.
"I love you too," John grinned as he just looked at Sherlock with a smile that creased the corners of his eyes.
"That your absolutely smitten." Atlas laughed as she placed another plate on the table and looked over to Sherlock and smiled. She wished that Rosie's childhood remained the happy one it is. With two dads who couldn't be any better. And yes, Sherlock was a good father. He was kind and he cared even if he didn't to outside world.
"Four, Wanda. You and Timothy are the closest I'm ever going to get to a set of parents. To an extent I'm beginning to like Mycroft and Eurus too." John laughed before adding. "Just please, don't tell them that."
"It's perfectly fine." Sammy reassured, shuffling in his seat as their head of year popped up at the front of the room, now packed so full of Upper Sixth that Aba, Atlas and Sammy were all sharing a table like many other groups of three.
"Calm down," John smiled in relief as he sat down on the bed and Atlas saw his cast. She sat up from Sherlock and looked at John with a frown.
"Well hello Eurus." Mycroft said standing up onto his feet. He wobbled before regaining balance and moving to sit next to her. He touched against her shoulder and she abruptly opened her eyes. Mycroft hissed as he moved his neck, placing a hand against the back of it.
"I do," Isla smiled. "Drinking lots of water can help too, just to make sure everything is flushed through properly."
"Someone get the school nurse!" Sammy shouted before noticing as Mr Fraggerty got up from the teachers table. Carefully, Sammy removed her school tie and pushed her limbs into the recovery position. Everything shook and Sammy was pulled back by a teacher to allow the school nurse in. Just then, Mr Gardner turned up to effectively disperse the canteen crowds and block off the hallways. The friends stayed.
"John," Sherlock whispered as John's hand crawled around the back of the young man's neck. He rubbed with his thumb and smiled at him. "I love you."
"My tummy hurts." Atlas whispered looking at Doctor Aduba. "It feels like cramp but all over." Atlas gave a sob before she let the tears fall and fall and fall and she gripped onto John's hand so tight he thought it was going to fall off. She threw up again and again and again until she was just dry heaving and sobbing.
"Just Atlas." She said as Lestrade took her hand and shook it, the handshake lingering momentarily as the other man took time to fully assess the girl.
"It wasn't real, it wasn't real," Atlas chanted. "I want to say I want my dads but that's selfish, let them sleep, let them sleep." She paused and looked up at Mycroft who shared the same look. "Did I...?" She asked. "I said that aloud didn't I?"
"Of course, I'm not surprised he came here though," Atlas smiled before she smiled back at the camera. "Where's grandad?"
"I do." Sherlock sighed, a duffel bag hanging over his shoulder as an announcement came over the loud speaker. His flight was about to leave. "I promise, I'll come home. He kissed the girls each on their foreheads before kissing John. "I'll come home."
"Okay, I'll keep an eye out for a service station." John replied in response to Atlas. For the car journey so far they had blasted Christmas songs through bluetooth from Atlas' phone. "Also...Sherlock over here fell asleep just as we left the motorway."
"Not just Rosie. Sherlock and Atlas too." Timothy and John exchanged a laugh. Getting outside was always good for their minds. John found them much more occupied this way. As if their minds were less prone to overthinking and more instinctive.
"Atlas, you need to lie down. You said you were going to have a seizure." Sammy said looking at her and her vacant eyes, she didn't even respond.
"I just keep seeing her lying there, her neck broken and twisted. And I'm there reading everything that happened to her." Atlas said. "And I don't want to know. I sometimes hate being able to read people."
This particular morning however, Atlas when in the shower, found that herself and Sherlock had promptly run out of their favourite shampoo.
"I hadn't deduced that." Sherlock said sadly, as if he was choking before looking over to Atlas and Rosie who were playing with the dog, John watching over them.
Next was Rosie's room, which to her surprise had painted walls. But special painted walls, with birds and bees and bugs and all the things a five year old loves.
"Atlas. I told him to go away. That's what you said I should do, because boys are a waste of time." Rosie giggled before frowning and looking back to Sammy again. Sherlock and John watched on before crossing round the edge of the bed to pull themselves some seats in next to Sammy and Rosie. John again, put out a comforting hand to Sammy's back and rubbed gently. Rosie climbed off Sammy's lap and climbed into Sherlock's lap.
"Yeah. So pa can still go. He shouldn't miss it. He should go. I spent so much time worrying about me and I feel really selfish and papa shouldn't miss something as big as this. It's important. Spreading ashes is important, even if you don't like someone. We did that with mum." Atlas said before looking to John. "You have to go, it's important. Stop worrying about me. You have to go."
After much crashing, banging and rudely inappropriate words from none other than Sherlock. A few wall scratches later and the duo had managed to get the piano upstairs. It was placed in the agreed location where Sherlock smiled. He'd have to move the location of his violin to put the piano there but he didn't care. Then they lifted the two plastic boxes of sheet music upstairs, stacking them up next to the sofa. John was left to carry the embroderied piano stool up the stairs whilst Sherlock spent a sneaky few minutes having a look ove the sheet music, finding several piano and violin duets - some written by Atlas and some written by others.
"Ahh hello. You must be Leanne Walters." Sherlock smiled opening the foot and beckoning her in. He shut the door with a soft click and put an arm out to show her up the stairs.
"I taught her to send emails." Sherlock admitted with a light and gentle chuckle. John gave a laugh before it died in his throat.
"I know," Sherlock said softly before nodding at Mycroft. "She misses you, you know. When your not there. She's always talking about when she's next going to see Uncle Mycroft and what your going to do together." He took another draw on the cigarette.
teenagers anyway." The way she said 'normal' with a screwed face, drew a smile to his lips. "And besides, she's got more of you in her than I think you know. Even if you've not even known her a year."
"I'll take in a while if I still need some. I don't really like taking medicine." Atlas sighed as John rubbed his hand over her back.
"Sammy, I don't have my lunch, I don't have any money with me and I don't have my equations." Atlas sighed before closing up her bag.
"I know, love, I'm sorry," John said as Atlas placed a hand to his arm. He tried to wipe again and she pushed his arm away. "You have to let me clean it and put butterfly strips over the top."
As another little note, often in Scotland you will have someone who turns 17 before another in the same year has turned 16 - so a 15 and 17 year old in the same class. This happens with all age groups and is to allow for people to attend school when they are ready to.
"Hands," Sherlock said before Atlas looked at him before producing her seized limb and left hand. Gently, Sherlock took a hold of her locked hand and brought it to his lips before taking her other. With that one he gently massaged it and Atlas seemed calmer than she was before. John had a gentle hand on her knee, running with his thumb. "Alright, duck?"
ATLAS laughed along with May as they looked at the big whiteboard at the front of the classroom. Sammy sat infront with Xerxes in their Upper Sixth PSHE class and they too roared with laughter - Xerxes giving more of a smile. When set to doing some of their work, whispering began as normal. And again, as normal, it was about Atlas.
"By the state of those two, we did." Timothy said, his glance going between Sammy and Rosie - who was now, hopping into a seat next to Sherlock.
"I'll always believe you too." John said softly. "It'll be okay. I'm sorry if it looked like I didn't believe you."
"Yeah. Apparently, they needed me as soon as the paperwork came through at that end." John sighed, washing out his mug. Atlas' phone went off and she picked it up quickly, looking for who it was.
"JESUS." John sighed, pressing the heels of his hands into his eyes. He let out a shaky breath and sat on a bench. There, he shook and let out a quiet sob before he heard Mrs Hudson making her way over with Wanda.
The game went rather smoothly, Eurus and Rosie taking an early lead due to Rosie's strange geographical knowledge. John and Atlas were close behind, Wanda and Timothy, then at the back was Mycroft and Sherlock - purely because they couldn't agree on an answer.
"Right," Dr Young smiled. "Atlas, it shouldn't last too much longer, so just hang on in there. I know you can see us and hear us, just can't communicate. And I know you're scared."
"Trumpet, saxophone, guitar and drums," Sammy informed with a small smile, just as John put a hand to his shoulder.
"I think it's very good." Sherlock said looking at the squiggles on the page. "He needs some eyes though."
"Well...okay...still having seizures." Atlas frowned. "And I feel a bit nauseous from time to time. Migraines and I've had hallucinations."
"I thought you'd maybe deduced it and hadn't told me." John laughed before it died in his throat. He squeaked a small "sorry" before looking at Sherlock who was smiling.
"I don't know much about your mum." Atlas said quietly looking at the younger girl. She was lying, of course she knew, she'd never been told but she'd observed things. Ex-intellignece officer judging by the skills she produced, sharp shooter judging by Sherlock's gun wound. It was then, that she realised John and Sherlock were going to have a hell of a time telling her all this.
The foreign feeling of anger, hurt, pain, revenge, love, sadness flooded his body and he wanted to scream. It was suffocating him as he braced himself against the wall with his hand. He struggled to fight back the tears in his eyes as he felt the prescence of someone at his side. Smelling the all too familiar scent of tattered books and coffee, Sherlock knew it was John.
"Predictable," Atlas huffed before she looked at him. "Dad, don't let the fact your autistic get you down. I love you and Rosie loves you and Rebeard loves you but most importantly John loved you no matter what. Okay?"
"MORNING Atlas." Dr Aduba said with a smile as he walked into the room. Atlas was sleeping on her side with Sherlock and John asleep on the sofa.
"They rang me. Sherlock was...well...upset." Eurus smiled. "I sent both your dad and papa home and said that me and Mycroft would look after you."
"PAPA?" Atlas whispered as she peeked her eyes open slightly and the figure to her left folded a newspaper, put it to one side and leaned forward.
"Well mannered. She didn't get that from you Sherlock." Mycroft announced which made John snicker receiving a knowing look from Sherlock.
"Jacket." Sherlock warned and she collected it, pulling on her wellies on her way. She took Wanda's hand and they began walking along a path. Sherlock had his jacket on and took the dog, Rosie getting excited.
Atlas was now sat by his bedside while he slept. Alone. John and Rosie had gone to find food, insisting she have time with him.
"Papa," Atlas whispered as she hopped out and made her way over to him, slipping her arms around his shoulders.
"It's like watching cogs go round in your head, Ida," Mycroft said as he watched his niece. He chuckled before Sherlock smiled at her. "Have you taken your medicine?"
"Something's wrong." Sherlock said, Atlas nodding before looking up at him. He then saw Whisper, smiling to his self as he used the hand that had been occupied with the book to pick him up. "I can't believe you kept him."
A kind doctor entered the room before handing her a small shot like shaped glass and letting her take her medication. He slowly increased her morphine dose, then he departed leaving the group in peace. Atlas attempted to stretch for her book but failed, causing herself some pain from moving. She resolved that she would have to wait until someone could hand it to her.
"Well, I best be off." Lestrade smiled as he collected his belongings. He had a family he ought to get back to and a wife who requested his help putting his toddler twins to bed.
"Yeah." John sighed. "Jeez, these two weeks have been hard. Rosie's been a bit sulky and missed you. She had a meltdown the other day and..." John sighed again.
"I like you. Your nice and you smell nice and not disgusting like boys do." Rosie laughed as Sammy smiled.
"Nice to meet you," Peter smiled as he nodded. "Is this..." He inspected Sam's fingers. "It is, you've got some good quality polish there. Although, you need to make sure you top coat properly to avoid much more scratching."
I'm going to explain why I chose to call my character Atlas. It's quite simple, I'm one of those people who finds it really hard to gel with character if I don't like their name. So I thought, let's go really unusual. So then I chose (he usually boy's name) Atlas.
"Your not going to die." John replied holding her hands in his as the clock reached four minutes until the bomb went off.
LATER, once everyone had left, John frowned at Atlas from the breakfast bar. The girl was sat looking at the breakfast bar surface, her lips downturned.
"Papa. I want him to do it." Atlas said looking over to John with a little smile. He looked back with a sparkle in his eyes and a nod.
Panicking her breathing sped up, faster and faster until she couldn't stop it from being so fast. In a moment she felt like she was dying her eyes screwing up as she began to cry.
A set of red baubles immediately attracted Rosie who made a beeline for them, moving faster than any of them could keep up with her.
John looped his arms beneath Atlas' arms and hauled her onto the sofa before kneeling by her and running a hand over his face.
"Knife time." The voice said prompting Sherlock to pull Rosie to his chest before wrapping his jacket round her in preparation for flying knives.
"Dad," Atlas rolled her eyes. "Mind you, grandma and grandad did a really good job with your name. William Sherlock Scott Watson-Holmes. It truly suits you and....its better than Alexander Mycroft Chad Holmes and Jessica Eurus Tiffany Holmes."
"Atlas?" Mycroft asked before he took her wrist and checked for her pulse and his eyes went wide. "Mother."
"I think I'm going to bed." Atlas said before turning to leave. She looked back to John once, he didn't look at her and she felt some sort of sadness overcoming her.
"I want daddy, I want Papi...Atlas...don't do this," Rosie sobbed before getting to her feet and running out the door and down the hallway and Atlas just watched.
Sherlock choked out a little sob to which he received a rubbed shoulder from John and a rubbed arm from Martha.
"Most of our family are," Peter sighed resting his head on the window before sitting up right. "Nice to meet you, Sherlock."
"Yeah, but your warm and soft," Atlas mumbled against him before she pulled away and slowly lay down against the bed. John got to his feet and pulled a chair up to the side of the bed and took up her hand in his own. "Your hands are warm."
"I'll buy it," John smiled as he walked over and put a hand to Sammy's back. "Your right, sheet music always cheers her up. And god knows she needs it."
"Unfortunately," John frowned as Sherlock looked at him sadly. "She has an online physio call in the morning because she has to stay on top of it."
"Atlas' mother was ill." Sherlock said as he continued to hide behind his fake facade, every word threatening to crumble from his lips.
"True," Sherlock chuckled with a smile before he looked to Mrs Hudson. "The new house settling well?"
"And this must be Atlas." Mycroft said approaching the girl who sat with a book obscuring her face. She lowered it slightly to glare at him with steely blue eyes which somehow frightened Mycroft. The dark curls and blue eyes were a big giveaway and Mycroft knew to approach with care. Without warning the girl stood, her next moves remaining perfectly unpredictable.
"John Hamish Watson," Isla said, standing and placing her hands either side of his face. "Don't you dare apologise for loving someone. Ever. Okay?"
"Yeah, I know," Sammy smiled at him before he put his arms around John and hugged him wordlessly. Tears spilling over his eyes as he let out a deep breath. "I miss them."
"My heads sore and I feel a little dizzy," Atlas muttered before John tucked a strand of hair behind her ear.
"No," John laughed. "No, the reason is that, in all simplicity, that's for the grown-ups to worry about. And the first step is sorting out guardianship if that's what you want?"
"How have you been Sherlock?" Wanda asked as she linked arms with him. He didn't push her away, instead he basked in her momentary company.
"Okay, okay, you can. She was sleeping but you know what she's like. At last count she was lying on her front, her stitches go around her back of course." John said quietly. "Jesus."
She'd never slept that late before on Christmas Day and she didn't know what had caused it. Slowly her eyes caught sight of Atlas, who was sat on the bed next to the light, reading a book.
"But I-" Sherlock began, the woman taking her leave in front of them. She looked like she was going to cry.
"Well, yes," John smiled, wiping a tear that fell from his eye. "Always where your concerned because just like your father, every word, every sentence you say is beautiful."
"Ah," John smiled as Rosie suddenly became excited by a street of coloured buildings. The small girl with a big dog attracted some attention as she pointed up at the tops of the buildings, wide eyed and wide smiles.
"No problem, sweetheart," Wanda smiled as she watched her go. Once she was out of sight, Timothy came over with a smile.
"Come on, Ro," Sammy said. "Let's go get some food and we can come back and see Atlas in a few hours."
"Come here." Sherlock said, Atlas slipping off her chair and burying her face in Sherlock's shoulder. Strong arms around her shoulders and she could feel John and Rosie hugging her too.
"Sorry sir. Was just letting sickbrain know his place again." The man sneered before verging away, Atlas and John both wishing the slippery ground to cause the man some injury. However, not a moment later, he was back, Sherlock dropping his eyes to his feet.
"Exactly." Atlas sneeered before she picked up her book and waltzed up the stairs only hesitating a look back once, to see John looking into space. He had to understand. She thought he would, but he didn't.
"You need help, mum." Sammy smiled. "And I want to live with them and I know now that you don't want me to but I want to live with Sherlock and John." He paused. "I want to live with them."
"Because you understand Holmes. Every day, you become the perfect mix of dad and papa and of course your mother, and I hope, that one day I do too." She then continued as if it were only herself and Rosie in the room. "'Cause I've been with so many people and lived in so many houses and places that I am truly the best judge of people. And you and papa. You don't care if we say something that someone would take offence to because you know. You understand we never mean to be rude and you understand us. Your not going to judge us - which, to be frank - is when we ourselves tend to decide against being friends with someone."
"Yeah?" He asked and for the first time in a while, she was surprised to see that he no longer had deep bags under his eyes.
"MR Holmes, Dr Watson." Mrs Frobisher (the head) said as she gestured to the two seats infront of her. Tentatively they took their seats and looked over to the neat and tidy woman. Sherlock had already been told thrice to behave and he was told there would be no more experiments for a week if he didn't. "I've called you in because of an incident with your daughter Atlas."
"Are you high again?" Atlas smirked before putting her eyes back to the page about 1950's mental health treatments. John reappeared with milky tea for Sherlock and his own tea for himself.
"I couldn't really be sure she wasn't going to run or somehow avoid getting caught. She escaped before, how could I be sure she wouldn't again?" Atlas said looking at John and then Sherlock.
"Atlas." John said quietly. "We're going to go to her. And we are going to love her. And then we are going to wait for her to come out of surgery." He rubbed at Sherlock's back with a firm hand. "And then we're going to pick up our other two children and take them to see their sister." Sherlock nodded, with a frown.
"We need some more. Sherlock's bought a big tree." John said, Rosie giggling and looking up at Sherlock. She grabbed the younger mans hand and led him to some baubles as he helped her look at them. They came back to Atlas and John with baubles of an assortment of colours before they headed to the lights stall.
"Atlas?" John asked, Atlas raising her head from the book she had just started back on again. "You've never deduced me since the first time we met. Why is that?"
"Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade. You can put her violin in my police car." He said, gesturing for a grumpy looking Donovan to open the car door. After depositing it, he came back over and they dipped under the police tape.
"Is Billy the skull real?" Rosie asked, looking up at John with big eyes. "Is he dad?" This time she looked at Sherlock and smiled.
"Of course," Sherlock signed. "Your both welcome any time, except when we're away, obviously. Now, outside you go, one of your parents can drop off your belongings later this evening."
"I don't want to get married in a big fancy wedding if my partner is not comfortable with it." John smiled. "You can say you would be all you like but I know you wouldn't be. And neither would our daughters." John put a hand up to Sherlock's cheek and held it. Playing the daughters card was always the best way to do it.
"Right yes, sorry." He paused. "Yes." He paused again, the words not coming into his mouth. The saliva in his mouth was running low on supply, the fears he'd been having for weeks ready to be displayed in front of this woman. "Yes, I've thought of it. More than once. I just don't know if she's ready, if
"Yeah." John stopped. "You know, your dad, if he could have a second chance, would never give you up. Ever. At that moment in time, Sherlock had no choice." John said, frowning as he looked down at her.
"That I'm afraid," John said before Atlas nodded, bit her lip before her eyes spilled over and she looked at John. Suddenly, before long, she found herself letting out a sob and almost diving into John.
"But he is. Isn't he?" Mrs Hudson spoke quietly before looking at Atlas softly. Atlas gave a little nod, Mrs Hudson placing a hand over Atlas' reassuringly. Then an idea came to mind that might help change the subject. "Anyway, I was having a look online for rehome cats and was wondering if you would help me. The RSPCA have a few here in London."
"Hello?" Atlas said quietly as she entered the house. Sherlock and John were sat with each other on the sofa, a blanket over their legs.
"If you need anything, you can call us." John said as he pulled into the car park next to the library. "Okay?"
"No, Atlas it's my-" But it was too late and Atlas was already making her way over to the plastic pump.
Sherlock stopped with a gentle smile. "Enya," he said. "Works well, used to get Atlas off to sleep all the time when she was little. It works for Rosie too, most kids."
"Morning!" John called from the kitchen, poking his head just into view as he smiled. "Behave, Sherlock." Looking at him sternly, before smirking, his head dipping away again.
"A vibe?" Sammy laughed, before Atlas nodded. They went through the first verse again before there was a quiet knock at the door.
They began to play the piece, Atlas' mind becoming preoccupied by the melody which had to be complicated in order to sound effective. She looked over to Sherlock who just nodded in response. She looked out across the grass over to the river at the bottom of the garden as she played before the song ended and she put down her violin. Maybe it would all get better.
"I figured out a case." Atlas said trying to break the unknown tension between them. "I went with Lestrade to a murder victim. He knew about the convicted's human trafficking secret and sought to expose him. He got shot. Then I went solo to the container, found them and called up the station."
"Sherlock." John said, through his own tears, coming over to him. Sherlock's breathing began to speed up and spiral out of control. The older man's fingers snuck around Sherlock's wrist and closed to take his pulse. Speedy. Just like his breathing. "Sherlock."
JOHN had moved Atlas onto one of the cement beds when she hadn't woken to give his legs a bit of a stretch. When his back was turned Atlas' eyes flickered open as she winced in pain. Carefully, she got onto two wobbly feet that eventually grounded and she stood at full height. Her eyes were blurry from the sedative and her arm hurt like hell.
"A mental health issue." Sherlock finished nodding as he spoke. John looked slightly teary so Sherlock stopped walking and turned to look at John.
Sherlock stood, his face blank until who the man was registered across his face. Before, the man could get super close a woman appeared and stood next to him. Pretty, blonde and blue eyed.
"Pa?" She tried to say, no-sound coming out, John was in coherently whispering something. The use of Pa was not common for her, she used John more, but right now? Right now Atlas needed him to be a pa. "Pa." She said regaining a little bit of speech. "Pa." It came out louder the second time, frightening herself. John swivelled round unbelievably fast and walked over to her.
"No, the government and MI5." Atlas replied, before adding. "And I'm not joking with that either." There was a brief pause. "Come on. Let's go introduce you to-"
"Are finished, and posted. Should be there in the next few days," Wanda said looking at her granddaughter over face time
"RED door. Blue door. Red again. Ooh that one's grey. White. White. White. Well, that's a row of boring people." Atlas said looking out the window as the world passed by. She was declaring the colours of people's front doors to Sherlock, her elbow leaning on the ledge by the window.
"I know who you are here to see." She said kindly before reaching a hand out to take the girls. The girl with the curls took it before announcing her name.
"Tell me about it." John laughed, something stirring in Sherlocks own chest as he laughed. "I love you."
JOHN, Rosie and Sammy were informed of the situation via a punctuated text on the Watson-Holmes family WhatsApp group chat. Sammy had been added to it a few months earlier after he had been spending an increased amount of time with the Watson-Holmes family and only recently - after the decision he would be staying with them - did they come to the realisation, that it was just as well that he was.
"I...ummm...don't think I'll be there long." Sammy frowned, standing before smiling at looking at John. "Plus, I'll want to get back for At."
you. And I wish I did." Atlas said, somehow welling up with unshed tears. "Dad, you should say something."
"I'm not," Atlas said pulling away. "How can I be? How can I be, if all I can see when I'm not looking at someone I know, someone I love, I see monsters?" Her face screwed up as she sobbed through matts of hair that were tangled curls. "And that, that they keep talking. And I...I just want to go home. I want the monsters to all go away. I want them to..." She stopped before she looked up.
"Of course," Sherlock smiled before he looked at it. "There is also outdoor seating too and it's dog friendly. A lot of places in Scotland seem to be."
"Alright?" Mycroft asked and Atlas looked a little bit like a rabbit in headlights. "Okay, this time we'll do something else. How's about tell me five things that are red in the room right now?"
"Your supposed to be able to deduce." John said bitterly, Atlas reeling as she realised it was about time she was served some harsh words from John.
running off his tongue before he could stop himself. He went red for the second time that morning and Atlas looked back at him.
"She had a fit...in the- the lab. I walked in and she was j-just lying on the floor. The jug - the jug had broke and caught her head. She was a mess. And now they- they..." Sherlock looked at John and for the last few moments had completely forgotten they were in a public setting. John pulled away to look at him. "They - they - they think she's been poisoned."
"We know it's around two months away, but we just wanted to make sure you were on board. We all need to get away. Together." Timothy explained to there son who grudgingly nodded his head.
"I just...it should have been me. People shouldn't go after our kids. I want them to go after me." Sherlock sobbed as he looked and picked at a piece of thread coming out his trousers. "It didn't feel like this when she was shot. It didn't hurt. I want her back. It's only been about eighteen hours and I want her to come back. What if she doesn't? She could die. I don't think I could handle that. I've only just got her back." Sherlock rambled, clearly admitting everything to his siblings. His breathing was speeding up and his hands shaking as they lay dormant in his lap.
"I want to go home." Rosie said into John's neck as he put her down so she could hold his hand and Atlas' hand.
"Your a unique case. And that first day, I was supposed to come here and tell you that you had to file another report." Amy said.
Hale, new to the group but as significant to it's workings as everyone else, desired to be a scientist or doctor. Hence, not being in any of the original groups classes. She was smart and was keen on doing right by people. In fact, she specifically wanted to research cancer on be a geneticist. She knew the hurt that diseases and illness brought.
"I'm worried about her," Sherlock whispered, looking up at John. "I'm scared about the first day that she gets paralysis or something like that or she loses her hearing or-"
"Why didn't you say anything?" Wanda asked before she immediately knew what her answer was going to be.
FRIDAY brought sadness as the group of five friends met up for the last time. They exchanged hugs and tokens before saying their final goodbyes. And then Abayomi had left the group, just as fast as the group had been formed.
"Hey," Sherlock said. "Sammy, that doesn't mean we don't want you to stay with us. We do. We...well we love you."
Sherlock looked around the room, noted that the cupboard was slightly ajar, pulled it open and pulled out a very sad looking, blue eyed cat. "This her?"
"THAT'S 506 points to you and 478 to me." Mycroft said as he threw the scoring pad onto the table along with the pen. He had been well and truly beaten - normally he was the one who would win - by a fifteen year old girl. She smiled at him smugly.
"Nope. Your not getting away." Sherlock said, surprising his family slightly. Atlas rolled her eyes and gave him a hug and kissed his cheek. Then she did the same to John.
"ATLAS." Sherlock whispered into her bedroom. It was two o'clock in the morning. "Atlas." Her head raised momentarily from pillow, before she huffed and dropped it back down. For a moment she considered telling her dad to
"You two are avoiding the question." Wanda said sternly looking over to John who shrugged in response.
"There's more, of her a little older but I think that's enough for one night," Sherlock said hoarsely, the remote control held in his hand fiercely.
A while later Sherlock looked over to John before they glanced at the clock. John shifted a giggling Rosie over to Sherlock as he got up and ascended the stairs to see to Atlas.
THEY were allowed to see Atlas a few hours later. When they entered, Sherlock had cried with his hands hiding his face, John had cried too, infact, they'd all cried. She looked a mess with a few stitches in her temple, her hands were scratched, she had a tube down her throat to help her breath and an IV. She'd also had a catheter put in and she looked so little. So
"That would be quite funny I suppose, yes." John laughed before he hugged her again a gentle hand to the side of her face.
IT wasn't far off 6pm and the door bell went. Mrs Hudson could be heard ushering some people up the stairs. Then through the door came Timothy, Wanda and Mycroft and everyone in the house were surprised to think they may have come together. Mycroft entered first in his stuck up grandeur as he swung his cane to the side of the room.
"I'm impressed." Atlas said to Eurus. "Dad said you had a smart mind, but your not doing exact measurements like Mycroft will."
"Yes," Atlas whispered before she looked back at the grave. "I think I need to leave. Salisbury Craggs?"
"You guys are like...the best." Atlas laughed as she looked at John. "I thought I was going to turn up and be turned away right there before I could cross the threshold." John sighed before they exchanged a proper hug. His grey hair was combed and gelled the way he liked it - or rather the way everyone else liked it.
By this time, Atlas had drifted off to sleep on the bed, her head lolling to rest on Sammy's shoulder. "How's she been today?" The youngest man in the room asked, looking down on her hair with a softness in her eyes.
"I can lip read!" Rosie exclaimed her little face lighting up in excitement. "I've been practicing."
"Yeah. Sure." Sherlock said as he rose from his seat and put his jacket on. Atlas doing similar as they took the dog out with them.
get a little sister and another dad aswell. It just sucks about Georgia and Abayomi and her dad and just..."
"Yeah. Of course we can." John said, he got off the bed and shuffled next to Sherlock. Atlas swaddled in her blanket and looked at her parents. She hugged her middle and looked at them. There was a long pause before Atlas said.
Rosie found a stick and threw it into the small stream, the dog bounding in after it. He swam out, clamped it between his teeth and swam back to the shore. Then shook, sending water all over Atlas and Rosie. John and Sherlock had reached the bench and sat down.
"Ahh. Splean as in the Russian rock band." Sherlock said as himself and John entered the kitchen, John nodding in Mycroft's direction.
"I don't mean to," Sherlock said as the arms across his stomach tightened, tears in his eyes. John got to his feet to stand opposite him. "I really don't mean to." He pauses, his face withdrawn. "It's just hard...But you have to know, it's not only you who doesn't know. Obviously Mycroft and Eurus know and so do my parents and Atlas does, though she's always known." He paused and looked at John before looking away sharply. "I would have told you but people always judge me and then I never wanted to get into the habit of using it as an excuse, not that people do but I just..." Sherlock sighed, looked around the room and the arms around his waist tightens. "People always think it's a bad thing and it's not. And it's a spectrum so it's never the same in everyone as well...you probably already know." He removed his arms and twiddled the new ring on his finger and looked at it. "For me...it's yeah...just instructions...yeah...sorry...
"Sorry, I-" Atlas started. "Nevermind, brain fog, the thoughts gone. Nice to meet you, Miss Stewart." Before she darted back off to play with Redbeard.
"Yes," Atlas replied, looking around the shop. "It's beautiful right now. When everyone is just waking up and the air is fresh."
Her fingers caressed the longing purple case as she unzipped it, carefully lifting the lid. Then, there it was. Her violin. The one Sherlock had given her mother as a present to give to her when she was old enough. Her mouth dropped open as she looked at the violin sitting in the case, her hands caressing the wooden instrument. Then she paused, waiting, thinking.
"You are but I still love you dad." Atlas laughed before standing and offering him a hand. She took one haul and he came to his feet before she hugged him again. "And I'm really sorry I don't remember her like you do and I'm sorry if that makes you feel alone."
"You and John are engaged aren't you?" Atlas asked as she looked up at her dad, her eyes lighting up when he smirked. She hugged his side excitedly before she pulled away as they continued under a patch of trees. "What was mum like? You know, before she..." Atlas paused. "Yeah." There was a long pause, Atlas unsure if she had pushed any unnecessary buttons.
“Yes,” Sherlock’s voice was a deep whisper in Lestrade’s ear, “after all Rosie has been alone in bed for the last few days and has been missing everyone.” His voice had an edge to it, attempting to convey to Lestrade meaning without having to divulge any further. “He can have my chair…”
Even Hope didn't have a clever retort this time, “It's not possible!” he gasped, gaping wordlessly for few moments after before turning Lestrade. “Climb faster!! Move!!”
John looked like he was about to say something sarcastic before remembering Rosie was there, and just settled with a sardonic laugh. “Funny, but surely we've intruded enough here.”
Something was lurking in the waters beneath him, and it was annoyed about being disturbed. The light on the ship highlighted the ghastly grin on Hope’s face as he looked down at him in the water. “Do you know what that sound is, highness?” he called out. “Those are the shrieking eels.”
A kind smile; one that had Dimmock not been present for, he mightn’t have believed it himself; crossed the face of Prince James. Kind, but had the man been brave enough to look closer, perhaps he might have noticed how it hollow beneath the surface. A smile that was less kind and more unnatural the longer one faced it. However, Dimmock was not such a bold man; and Prince Jonathan stood too far and his mind too distracted, to notice. “ Too soon, love. Patience.”
Decadent hunting boots retreaded the lingering foot prints and scuff marks along the rocky ground. Had he not been the Prince or have proven how his judgment in such things was to be unquestioned, perhaps his procession may have sniggered at the sight of him having an imaginary duel with an invisible foe.
“I think I am going to have a word with Captain Watson once he’s off duty, tell him to wait for me.”
touching him; Sherlock could feel it, or rather numerous things were touching him. Despite the blistering pain in his head, he forced his eyes open. The room he was in wasn’t very bright but even the small amount of light that shone through stung his eyes. Wincing audibly, he attempted to lift his head up only to find he couldn't. The slight shifting his face could make was enough to to verify that his head was strapped into some form of brace. It felt as if two suction cups were on either side of his forehead, and those weren’t the only places. His arms, his legs, his chest. All strapped down and from straining his eyes to look far enough down, all seemed to be covered in the menacing cups.
Sherlock was momentarily stunned into silence, never before having experienced someone caring so passionately about his well-being (even if there was some edge to the farm boy’s words). He didn't move or talk as John placed a cool cloth on his brow or bandaged his cut. Nor did he comment when John realised he hadn't immediately let go of his wrist. He wasn't sure how long had passed before he finally spoke, side effect of the concussion he seemed to be nursing. “...you called me by my given name.”
For a moment, John thought his prayers had been answered. That Hope would agree with Lestrade and set them free. Perhaps Lestrade,
When he awoke, John felt groggy. He also felt that his arms and legs were bound, and that he was swung over the shoulder of something large and, as it was the only thing he could make out, possessing a backside he was unfamiliar with. The next thing he did was hear voices talking as the sound of waves grew louder. A man’s voice, impatient and self dignant in tone, was throwing orders about in a bossy tone. It was survival instinct that told John to play dead still.
John took a step back, the woman began crawling towards him with furious vengeance in her eye. “Restrain her! Take her away!” It was no use, the woman fought the guards. Growing closer as her face turned dark and eyes unfathomable. Looking much like the grim figure of doom as a repeated chorus fell from her lips as she gained on him. “BOO! BOO! YOU REPTILE. HOW COULD YOU JOHN? WHAT HAVE YOU DONE! BOO! BOO!”
Things have to get worse before they can get better; John's grooms meet face to face which means that things are about to get interesting.
Prince John gave him the coldest stare, his eyes not even hiding the fact that they lingered on Sherlock's brooch. Wanting nothing more than to reach over and rip it off him and strangle the man who stole it. Not necessarily in that order. “Only compared to some.”
At long last the peak came into view, Hope continued to berate Lestrade to move faster as they reached the final stage of their climb. Below, The Man in Black was relentless. Finally, Lestrade hoisted them over the edge, and onto solid ground. John had never been happier to be on his feet again, even if it was in the company of villains.
“At ease, young man.” he said, suppressing a small laugh. Was that even the right phrase for a Prince to say? He wasn't sure. John wasn't accustomed to people bowing to him. “What’s your name?” he asked as the boy scrambled back up.
Sherlock gave him a careful grin, as if afraid of letting it crack through his guarded face lest John not be receptive to it. On his face, it was apparent that he was afraid. Scared that he had been gone to long; had hurt him too deeply by vanishing.  Yet, in the middle of all of that; something grander was obvious and it took John by surprise. Even if John pushed him aside right now; even if he ran back to Prince James and told Sherlock to never speak to him again - he was just glad to finally be with him once more. Even if it was for a final time. All these years later, John realised that Sherlock loved him as much as he had the day he left; John also knew that all his anger aside that he felt the same.
Those cupid bow lips were softer than John had thought possible. His own rougher chapped lips felt unworthy to touch ones so plush, yet they welcomed him without hesi-
Molly smiled, reaching into her bag. “You’ll probably need your calamine lotion touched up in a bit, but for now I brought you something.” In her hands, she withdrew a well worn copy of a book. “Sherlock tells me that your headache has stopped you from reading but I don't mind reading to you.”
The Mountain range made their trek rough, but it was worsened by the unforgiving grip of The Man in Black’s on John’s arm. The prince could feel the ropes that bound him digging into his wrists as the pirate tugged him along. He considered fighting, but the lack of sleep and food (
“Of course! It's likely just a fisherman, out for a pleasure cruise at night. Nothing to fuss over.”
Which was why, on this particular day a week before his wedding, John was startled out of his thoughts by a peculiar sight. A woman and what seemed to be an aging man with a cane, hobbling along the road. The woman looked frantic, confused and relieved when she saw him approach the other direction.  She waved her hands, “Monsieur! Please, monsieur!” her dialect unmistakably French and her face, regardless of the tattered hood that framed it, was unmistakably gorgeous.
The Man in Black sighed, and despite the black mask that covered his face, Irene could have sworn to see him roll his eyes. “If you are in such a hurry, you could make yourself useful and lower me a tree branch or something…”
When Sherlock opened it, he was still in his dinner dress, he looked surprised to see him but not displeased by him. “Farm boy? What are you doing, come in here.” he replied, taking his wrist in his long slender fingers and dragging him into his room. He shut the door carefully, listening at it should someone have heard the noise before turning back to John. “I trust you have a good reason for risking your Job?”.
Molly flushed a bit, the whole thing feeling silly, “I came to visit Rosie who has been here while sick and I started to tell her a story and slowly everyone came to join…” She explained, holding up the book in her hand.
“As heroic a venture it was, I really wished you hadn’t stumbled down after me.” he mused, massaging his sore muscles in the spare moments allotted before their chase resumed. This remark earned a cocked eyebrow from the other man, prompting a hasty explanation. “I could easily scale this hill before the day ends, if you had remained at the top. However, you are hardly in any position to do extreme climbing - and any attempt to carry you would take more than a day. Which means, that we are more or less trapped here in the ravine.”
John drew himself up, the refusal of using his name never being missed by him and unsure how to take it as a subordinate. “Just what do you think you are doing this time sir?”
The Prince Consort watched him carefully, unable to shake the muscle memory of five years ago. For a second, he was in his hut as the twilight shone through the dim windows. They were five years younger, Sherlock dressed in livery as John wore functionable attire. Now, Sherlock wore his black trekking gear as he played the part of royalty. So much had changed, yet his hands felt just as they had when they first pinned him. John’s heart raced the same way and his eyes held the same love. When Sherlock had died, John had died too. Now, fingers caressing the man’s face as the brooch was returned to it’s rightful space, John felt he could breathe once again.
“THEN FORM A BRUTE SQUAD!” Prince James’ pretense of rational cracked, a flicker of electricity crackled in his eyes at such a violent turn that Dimmock took a step back in self-defense. “I have made my demands, now see to them. Clear that forest by my wedding!”
The Count’s eyes flashed violently, before withdrawing his sword. Whacking Sherlock on the head with the base of the handle, knocking him out cold.
fight against his assailants. Hope had died at his feet, and The Man in Black must have somehow taken down the swordswoman and the brute --- which left only the The Man in Black for his frustrations. John could already imagine the satisfying feeling of smacking that angular jaw that stuck out from under the mask he wore. His wrists bound, but he could still feel his fists tighten in their restraints as he imagined knocking the smirk he had worn right off his face.
“It means that I am to be King, and that I must marry. Oh how dreadfully boring. Dull. Dull. Dull. It’s loathsome, Charles. It really is.” Prince James looked back into the pit. “I am afraid that I have some bad news for you lot, I know you were all promised freedom should you win but I am just feeling rather changeable. There is one weapon in the pit, and that is how many tickets out there are left. Happy hunting.” His voice echoed as he leaned back in his seat in the spectator’s window. He watched as the men looked at each other in horror, uncertain of what to do.
Mrs Hudson, a clever grin on her face as she spoke up, drawing attention towards the chairs where she sat next to a detective who had become very interested in the contents of his phone suddenly. Perhaps, this one time, they could avoid the lecture for tuning out the room. No need to add any further embarrassment to them. “Forgot what, dearie?”
John shook his head. “Don't worry about it, besides it would be nice to see my daughter after these last few days.” he answered, rising from his seat. Taking the bottle of lotion from Molly before heading down the hall. He rapped lightly against the door before poking his head in. “Ro? You awake, love?”
. The ship of the Dread Pirate Roberts. The man who murdered Sherlock. Had his hands be unbound, he would have strangled him right there. “I have loved more than a monstrous killer like you could ever dream!” he shouted.
“Fascinating.” Count Charles mused, his eyes never leaving the body of Sherlock Holmes. Oh, he was going to greatly enjoy taking this specimen apart. Bit by bit.
“You mean, you hoped to successfully get away with kidnapping me before telling me you were alive.” It's manic, John’s voice. Uncertain if he was more amazed or furious. It's stated as a fact, not an inquiry.
Irene watched him reach for his sword, as he was now expecting a duel. Instead she just offered a hand up in defence. “No not yet, sit. Wait until you are ready.”
"But I'd like to see you try to sneak up on a man when you're my size. Dunno why you never get Adler to do the sneaking about, she's better at it.” he answered.
“I am often surprised by life’s little quirks.” Sherlock began to explain, ignoring the slight flush on his face at the idea of what tales his mother had felt necessary to share. John would have teased him a bit more if he hadn’t be more interested in this wild claim. “My ship
Sherlock scoffed. “Nonsense. Watson has never been an intrusion. Sometimes she's better company than you.” he said, a teasing wink to Rosie who smirked. “And I have grown accustomed to your presence, so I believe we will manage just fine John… besides, Mrs Hudson already caught sight of you and she’ll never hear the end of it if I let you go like this.”
“But why not?! Sherlock you just asked me to marry you?! You just made a big speech about us living a life together!” John exclaimed, genuinely hurt and slightly confused by this sudden declaration.
Count Charles followed Prince James into the training yard, watching from the sidelines as the men ran their drills. Prince James watched the Captain closely, “He’s certainly a bit dishy, isn’t he? In that rugged storybook hero kind of way.” he mused sardonically. Count Charles snickered as the Prince continued. “I see the idea, a man of the people. A People’s Prince. Someone more approachable than myself, perhaps someone who would even be willing to handle the daily slog of my father’s citizens. Yet, I wonder why you chose this man in particular, Count. Tell me, what do you know of him.”
Sandwich tray discarded to the further side of the bed, a mess of blonde curl stuck out from underneath a sea of cushion and comforter. “Da?” She yawned, having fallen asleep once more while she waited for Molly to come back. “Dad what are you doing here? Aren't you going to get sick?” She pulled the blanket closer to her chest as she if that would protect him from catching
“Sherlock…” he whispered without meaning to. Hoping his voice had been overshadowed by his experiment.
Lestrade rolled his eyes, “Well, I'm carrying three people and he only has himself.” he muttered, but John noticed that he still pushed himself to meet Hope's demand.
Her senses were proved correct; for when Sherlock turned to leave his room he was frozen in place as the bundled figure of Greg Lestrade hesitantly looked into the room. “Your door was left open and I wanted to make sure you were all alright… what's going on?” his hasty explanation was followed by a curious glance into the room.
“Sir, your father saw the physician again today.” Count Charles explained, a letter in his gloved hand as he offered it to the Prince. “I have the results right here.”
The Enforcer anxiously walked over to his assistant, Moran. His jaw tight and stance rigid, “ Moran! How are we doing?”
Sherlock arched an eyebrow, at least he did as much as the suction cups pulling on his facial muscles allowed, “So I am here till I die then? How unoriginal.” he mused dryly.
Moments passed between them in silence once more, John watched as Sherlock's eyes drifted shut before getting up to replace the cool cloth. As he gently laid the new one to his brow, he heard a deep whisper tell him,: “Thank you,” as cool slender fingers pressed against his wrist
Her dad was always there to take care of her when she was ill, but Chickenpox was highly contagious and her dad had never had them before. Rosie had initially been very upset by this, before it was explained to her that getting Chickenpox as an adult was very different then getting them as a kid. The last thing she wanted was to make her dad sick, so she toughed it out. She had Sherlock for company, he had even given up his bedroom after that first night. She had spent most of it up, feeling nauseous and coughing in the spare room before Sherlock moved her downstairs to be easily accessible.
“I tried to warn you that it was already likely for you to catch them, but you do get so stubborn.” Sherlock quipped.
The Man gave him a devilish grin, finding twisted amusement in his loss of perception. “Hoo, hoo - the Zoo of Death. Don't even think about trying to escape, the restraints can hold down beasts five times your size with eight times your strength. I wouldn’t dream of being rescued, either. The only people who know of this place are myself, The Count and his Highness.” he listed off, as if he was reading the instructions for a medicine instead of condemning him for the remainder of his life.
“You seem a decent man, monsieur. I hate to kill you, promise me one thing? If you win, don't let Hope kill the Prince. This whole thing has bad air around it, to me.”
Molly balked, she couldn't believe what she was witnessing. This was unlike Rosie to react this way. As the girl turned against her father, Molly reached out and pressed her palm against Rosie’s forehead. “She's getting warm again, it might be the fever. Maybe now is a good time to stop, I didn't mean to get her so excited John. ” Perhaps she should have chosen other names. Normally she would have suggested so originally but it had been to make Rosie happy after being so blue. She would have agreed to anything, nearly.
be murdered!  I demand that the thieves forest be cleared out by my wedding! That is an order, chief.”
Mrs Hudson looked between them, not seemingly confused by the by the reaction of the detective. John couldn't understand why she seemed to glance pityingly between them.
“If you swim back now, I promise no harm will befall you tonight.” Hope promised, holding his hand over his heart as if delivering a pledge.
People hated him but he only wanted to please. It was his idea as an older boy to begin evening the odds. Groups and gangs against one lad; it seemed less monstrous. Suddenly he was the underdog and people loved him. For a few years, he had a good thing going until his “agent”, the man who had picked him off the streets as a youth, died during a particularly nasty winter. Lestrade had tried to manage on his own, but he had no mind for the business side of things. In truth, he had never found much joy in the fight - it was a means to an end, but suddenly he was in his twenties, alone and had no other means at his disposal. What was he to do? He took odd jobs, labour, before his training sent benefactors of another nature to him. Ones who heard of his strength and fighting days, who wanted to play roughly with others. He never lost. Not once.  Even if he had wished to, losing wasn't an option for a man like him. People would always have assumptions formed, nobody wanted to see the soul underneath.
“...build our life together. Of course. Isn't that obvious? The sooner I leave, the sooner I can earn a modest livelihood and return to you.” Sherlock finished, a bit teasingly at having to spell it out for him. “John Watson, I plan to never have to leave you again once I come back, I plan to stay by your side until we both die.  I want these things with you and I hope you’ll find them agreeable terms to live by?”
The gunman smirked, reaching for a flask and taking a nice long gulp before facing his superior. Dimmock could tell that the ginger man thought he was amusing in some way. “Why don’t you come show the lads how it’s done then, chief… to help speed it along.” Moran finally responded, a mocking tone to his words. Not enough to call outright disrespect, but just enough to boil the blood of Dimmock just a bit.
Out on the parapets, King James II held a hand out to the crowds below, lowering it once he had the focus of onlookers. “My father's final words were:---”
had been his hero - well that had only boosted his own favour with the people. When The Man in Black had interfered, it had taken every ounce of self control Prince James had to not drop his facade and go insane with rage. Even now, he felt his game altered slightly. Mistaking when John’s grief would take him - that was normally child’s play. Yet, he still had the upper hand and that prompted his mood to begin to take a more positive turn.
Irene was on her feet once more, her blade slung into it’s sheath for now. She could swear she could feel it buzzing as much as she was on this rush. Her dear Kate, her soul finally put to rest. It was within her grasp. “It’s as good a place to start as any, I know that these castle often hold a variety of secret tunnels and chambers. If there is one containing either, we’ll find it. I’ve waited years for this moment, Gregory. Mark my words,
“I’m alright, calm down. The cloak you pummelled got the worst of it. Slight singe on my sleeve but nothing to fret over.” John assured, as he felt his fiancé tense up. “Are you okay?”
“Of course, your highness.” Count Charles agreed, eyes gleaming at his sovereign. Wondering what his wondrous mind was concocting next.
Again, limited. The air tasted stale, the most he could say was for the dismal cooking skills of the odd man, which didn’t offer him much information that was prudent to his situation. His throat, however, was dry. Scratchy to the point where words were hard to form. He needed water, more than in short bursts.
John felt Sherlock’s fingers pull on his shirt, threading the pin in and out of the fabric and clasping it. John instinctively placed a hand over top of it, feeling the cool metal over his heart. “It's perfect. Won't get grubby while I work.” The smile that formed on Sherlock's face, reaching his eyes in a way he hadn't seen before, just about did him in. “God, Sherlock I lo-”
Roberts opened his mouth to speak but before words could fall, his head turned around. As if hearing something in the distance.
The gates into the square opened, and Prince once more walked out of the castle confines and among the people once more. Like before, there were cheers and smiles. People bowing and others applauding. In the distance, he could even see Billy Wiggins in the distance with a bright smile as he stood the bars of a gate to see over the heads of others. The colours of Florin waved and up above from the parapets he could see King James II giving him the slightest beam of pride. This was something he did right. He messed up his own life; he had hurt the man he loved and he did not feel a thing for his husband - but he could this. He could be what the people needed him to be with their guidance. For the first time since the bottom of the valley, John felt he could breathe again.
Irene Adler liked to do things her way; she liked exerting control whenever possible but also she found her way to be the proper way. Her dominant hand, the one that never quivered or missed, was a guaranteed victory. She had trained her whole life to fight right handed. Which was why it was so much more satisfying when her weaker hand destroyed people at their best. It was a training method in her mind, disciplining herself to be stronger than her weaknesses so one day when she faced the ultimate enemy she could not be exploited. The Woman had made such mistakes before.
Lestrade laughed, and The Man in Black couldn't help but grin, as he tossed the rock away. “Sorry mate, I can't help being the biggest and the strongest. Just come naturally I guess.” The two stood facing each other. Bracing themselves.
“John!?” Sherlock wheezed next to him, he couldn't move just yet but John could hear him wince as he moved over to him. John opened his eyes to find Sherlock Holmes leaning over him, having looked better but very much alive and very much concerned for John.  He didn't know if he wanted to punch him or kiss him. Maybe both. He was overjoyed he was alive, he couldn't wait to kill him. “John, are you okay?! Speak to me.”
He remembered the channel, stalking the little boat into the night. Watching from afar as The Prince tossed himself over the side of it and attempting to swim away before stirring the eels.  He remembered the climb, the Cliffs of Insanity. He remembered how his muscles ached, how his lungs screamed as he refused to rest. Stopping meant losing, and Sherlock refused to lose him. The duel, the frenchwoman - she was important to this somehow. The wrestle, the giant he left face first in the dirt. He supposed he felt a bit bad about that, but there was nothing he could realistically do. Time was of the essence and quite frankly, he wasn’t
John feverently patted himself off, checking for any sign of burn on his clothing or body, as Sherlock tossed the cloak onto the ground and stomped the fire into submission. He couldn’t help but look puzzlingly at the man before Sherlock explained between stomps. “There are many ignition sources in the swamp, we don’t want to be caught in an inferno due to an unattended flame.” Once he was satisfied that the signed material was no longer a threat, he turned his crystalline eyes towards John, clasping his upper arms and studying the man over for any sign of injury. “Are you alright?”
). John wanted nothing more than to stop being tossed around by one kidnapper or another, actually if he was wanting things he would love nothing more than to get a chance a a
“No! Daddy is who I'm mad at! How could you do that! How could you marry the Prince? He is so mean!! What about Sherlock? He loves you and you let him get thrown into
John stepped forward, passing Sherlock so he stood between the dueling men. “If we surrender, and I return with you - swear to me that no harm will come to this man!” His voice was razor sharp and direct, prompting a look of surprise on the Prince's face that reminded him of their engagement.
“You truly are a visionary, my lord.” Count Charles smirked, his eyes looking from the Prince to the rising sun. The interruption from John having taken a fair bit of time that he was anxious to recover. “Shall you be accompanying to the Zoo today, sire? Sherlock has regained full strength and I was planning to start testing today.”
“I happen to agree with dear Greg.” Adler shot back, but John couldn't tell if she meant it or was just trying to further get a rise from him.
That was what told him about the animals. Human screams mingled with animalistic shrieks that at first it had been near impossible to discern them without proper focus. Animals of various habitats and beastial nature. It was the echo of these shouts that gave him an idea of how large and expensive this place was.
He was sneaking off into the night without procession, and while Gregory didn’t know much about Counts. He knew they were unlikely to take off in the night without even a watchman. This called for investigative pursuit. Staggering to his feet, only a slight grunt from his bench-mate as he rose,  Lestrade kept his distance as he wandered off after them. Within ten minutes, he could have kicked himself for not bringing a light with him as he feared finding his way back to be a challenge later on. Settling instead to look up at the night sky as Adler taught him from their boat, navigating with the stars.
John looked taken aback by this, he had never considered himself a man of the people. True, he had been well-liked enough in school and adulthood. He got on well with the people around him. He was given the rank of captain and people seemed to respect him enough… but Consort?
Count Charles eyed the Prince curiously; scanning the ground for the information his superior had already begun applying to their plans.
He wasn't sure how he got any sleep that night, but he knew that he must have if he was awoken at dawn by the sound of banging on his front door. He almost dismissed it to be wind, before he heard that velvety baritone call out in urgency. “Farm boy! Farm boy open up!” Was that use of a nickname or cold detachment? John couldn't tell. Either way, he pulled himself from his bed and braced himself for whatever was waiting for him on the other side of that door. Polite refusal, instant dismissal? He was ready. He had to be.
At this, The Man in Black laughed. “Madame, I would sooner destroy a stained glass window before an artist like yourself.”
His palm pressed against the brooch, slightly dinged a bit from their adventure. Bits of Snow Sand caught in it’s tiny nooks and crannies. He didn’t deserve it now. Sherlock should have ripped it from his clothes the moment he surrendered.
“Do I know you, madam?” he asked politely, his face scrunching as she looked familiar. Not in regular way, but in the way one would recognise a face in a dream but upon waking forget them.
Irene was still for a moment; unblinking, unbreathing, unmoving. Suddenly, reaching toward the half empty old tankard that sat neglected on the table and splashing her own face with it’s contents. “Tell me everything, and start from the beginning.”
Sherlock frowned slightly, pulling his jacket back on, smoothing it out before fidgeting with the buttons. “I don't do that.”
“I know, he misses you too. He looked so mopey yesterday. You're starting to scab over, you probably will be good in a few days. So that's good…” She paused, tucking a blonde strand behind her Goddaughter’s ear. “but that doesn't help you with today, does it? I am not needed at work, so I can keep you company all day, how does that sound?”
John felt their climb grow more frantic, the tugs on the Rope below them giving telltale signs on how close The Man in Black was. His mind couldn't help from wandering; wondering who this mysterious figure was.
Dimmock’s eyes grew wide, a hand combing ungracefully through his hair as he processed the news. “Sire! Forgive my questioning, is just that I haven’t heard any news of the sort from my spy network. We’ve been paying close attention to the whispers since his grace was kidnapped. Are you certain that this isn’t a poor spirited joke meant to cause you strife?”
Rosie Watson was miserable. Being sick for a day or two was one thing,  a week or more was just mean. She had only meant to be at Baker Street for a day, a day off from school spent at the flat starting off  normal enough before she began to feel unwell. By supper time she had a fever and a rash. She didn't need to wait for Sherlock to confirm what she had already suspected: Rosie had Chicken Pox. To make matters worse, was the fact she couldn't even lounge in her own bed. She was trapped at Baker Street, a statement she never thought she would think. Rosie loved being there, but she hated being there without her dad.
As if reading his mind, Sherlock looked slightly away from John’s gaze; still half on top of him as if he thought that moving would prompt John to escape or leave him once more.
John felt his hand move on his own accord and wiggled his fingers back before turning to Count Charles, who had been standing behind him during the whole ceremony just out of sight from the audience.  “May I go below?” he asked carefully, “I wish to see the people.” The Count raised an eye intrigued but simply waved toward the staircase.  The people watched curiously as the Prince Consort vanished from eyes. Up on his parapet, Prince James frowned a little, wondering what he was up to before seeing his fiancé re-emerge at the gate, two guard standing close by as Prince John tried to put distance between them. The crowds parted as their future Prince Consort walked among them.
Sherlock didn’t smile, but his eyes bore into his as if making a vow. “Hear this now: I will always come for you.
Sherlock was locked in a death grip with the rodent, any strike he made towards the creature risked hurting him.
“I am.” John looked up into the sectoral eyes of Sherlock Holmes, he looked older - aged by the ordeals that he carried in his stature. His skin was more tanned, laboring under the sun as a likely culprit based on the deduction the man had made earlier - although, in retrospect, it was less a deduction and more a recollection. Sherlock had already known all of this.
The Man in Black rolled off the giant, his own head throbbing as he tried to gather himself. He made a motion to sit himself up but-
“Since when were you so squeamish about kissing?” She answered, arched eyebrow as he remembered only weeks ago when Rosie was playing
Rosie shook her head. “He tried once, but I fell asleep.” She admitted, a bit sheepishly. “I don't know Aunt Molly, It might be a bit much to take in right now. That looks like a lot of pages.” Molly looked a tad disappointed, and Rosie realised how ungrateful she sounded. “What I mean is, thank you.”
. It had intrigued Roberts, you see. In his silence, I must have talked for over forty minutes about you. Describing you in every means available to me, probably would still be there now if I hadn’t been interrupted by him.
Prince James frowned, hardly turning to glance at him, and instead leaning forward to watch as the executioner was swarmed and pinned, yet still kept swinging. “Can it wait? I’m rather busy at the moment.”
“Ah… no. No, sorry. I am your humble servant and I must refuse.” This had to be a joke. The Prince poking fun.
He came back to find John engaged to another, chased him down, risking his life countless times to have John re-promise himself to him - only to turn around and leave him once more.
It wasn't a question, so Irene felt no need to confirm what he had figured out. Instead they just shared a silent laugh and rested. A few moments passed before The Man in Black spoke again. “Well, I truthfully and sincerely hope you find the man some day.” he answered, rising to his feet and stretching.
If John hadn't been too busy to find a way to free himself before the boat set sail, he would have snorted himself at that. Lestrade spoke this time, humming questionably. “It just doesn't feel right murdering a decent and innocent fella?”
“Well, perhaps I should before it leads to further impertinent actions on my part.” John tried to keep his voice level, but Sherlock had that look in his eye again. The one from last night and he felt his humiliation all over again.
The Prince continued. “John, I need a Royal Consort who can help win the people over. I cannot lead them, if they don’t trust me.” Prince James screwed his face into one more open, playing to the soldier and hero he pegged was inside of John. “I cannot protect them, if they don’t trust me. So please, John, trust in me. Marry me. Or, if I am that unappealing to you, death is still an option.”
