“I don't care about age. I told you I've wanted to be with you for years.” Tony protested.
Steve drove around for a bit before he parked at the hotel and contemplated his options. He could just leave and return to the others, call it a night and a win for himself, but he was curious about what Tony's endgame was for this. He walked inside, took the elevator to the sixth floor and found the room, 633. Steve took a breath to calm himself as he was feeling a little nervous, but he didn't back down from a challenge. Steve knocked on the door and waited.
There were...voices...distant and muffled, he couldn't make out the words only noise patterns that depicted speech. It was bright too, blinding and annoying. Strong hands were holding him down and there was a sharp prick in his arm, nearly instantly darkness enveloped him, and the muffled voices grew further and further away until they faded into silence. The cycle continued like that for some time, of slowly waking and then the gentle ease back into the realm of pleasant unconsciousness.
Tony sat comfortably on the patio chair upon the front porch of the house. He sipped his morning coffee sitting back against the seat, and looking out across the field and early morning light. At one time Tony had made the jest that he'd retire from the Avengers and buy Pepper a farm, a ridiculous notion then, but after saving the universe from Thanos settling down away from the city in a quiet far off place was rather appealing. Only some changes had been made to the initial plan. He sipped at the coffee, eyes trailing over to the hardworking figure in the yard chopping wood.
“I-I-Don't...I..” Tony stammered as his mind worked furiously to explain what had just happened, what was happening now. “We defeated you...we stopped this, it's-it's over!”
Natasha shook her head. “Corner him. His workshop is a good spot. You need to get out of your head Rogers. You're sloppy right now. Whatever it is you need to fix, do it before we run into a crisis.” Steve just gave her a silent nod. It had been long enough he just needed to face Tony and get his answers. Apologize and hopefully they could continue to work as a team.
“Tell me to stop, and I will stop.” Tony whispered while he rolled his hips forward, and pressed his groin against Steve's.
Steve coughed the come spilling out the edges of his mouth and dribbled down over his chin as he heaved in several breaths. The full body spasm of the centipede traveled all the way down its segmented body towards its soft sucking mouth, it clenched up around Steve's erection. Steve closed his eyes and moaned, his hips still thrusting into the dripping maw. The suction around his dick paired with Tony's thrusting cock against his prostate sent Steve spiraling fast into another intense orgasm. How his body managed he wasn't certain, it felt impossible even by his own standards, but he felt the tight coil of heat deep in his groin and the explosive feeling of pleasure that wracked his body almost violently as he came again.
“Hmm...you are very different than the others. So Steve...back to my initial inquiry,how would you like me tonight?” As Tony spoke there was the slightest suggestive quirk of an eyebrow, it was subtle but Steve didn't miss the not so hidden implication. The room felt a little warmer than it had before.
“Here's what we're going to do sweetheart.” Tony said in a low seductively sweet tone. “You are going to undress and let me look at this gorgeous body of yours since you've had the pleasure of staring at mine all night, I think it is only courteous to repay the favor. Then I want you to lie down on that bed over there and I'm gonna treat you real nice. Gonna make you see stars Steve.” Steve stared at Tony this wasn't how he had intended for the evening to go, but hearing Tony speak to him just plainly order him around it made Steve whimper in want. His cock grew impossibly harder, he felt himself leaking in his pants he was so turned on.
“There is this study abroad program I applied for in advanced robotics and engineering.” Tony gave Steve all the details of it, talking animatedly about it all what he hoped to learn. Not everyone let Tony talk about his passions like this. People often grew disinterested as they couldn't follow what he was even talking about most of the time. Steve though, even when he didn't understand he tried and would always give Tony his full attention. Tony could talk to Steve for hours, it was one of the many reasons he adored him.
“Tell me then.”
“Tony you don't disappoint me.” Steve replied and kissed his cheek. “I know this isn't easy, but having a negative attitude will only make matters worse. Come on...” Steve nudged him so Tony would look at him.
“Jarvis, situation?”
“It's okay to want things that may not seem entirely appropriate.” Tony moved in closer, and Steve's breath caught. He could feel the warmth of Tony's body close to his, the proximity only made him feel hazy with want. His cock twitched with excitement as a wave of arousal rushed over him and centered into a throbbing heat in his groin.
“Ah...yeah it does.” Steve cleared his throat and began his new sketch. He had to capture that playful smirk. After a few silent moments Steve inquired.“I thought concubines were preferred to be clean shaven.”
“No, No I-I couldn't” Steve stammered. Concubines where the pleasure hosts for the keep. They tended to the lords and guests of Alexander Pierce. Trained in seduction, entertainment, and all forms of pleasure they acted when called upon. Different from the brothels and whores that were paid for, Concubines only offered services to the elite, the highest classes and often were given special treatment by their lords. Some even lived as a sort of second spouse to the wealthy and served their lords as alternative sexual partners to wives or husbands. In return they were free to live in luxury, offered extravagant gifts, decked in jewels, satin, exotic fabrics and metals.
“That-that feel good?” Tony whispered and he continued to rub his palm over the hard bulge in Steve's pants.
“Yes...you are. You refuse to talk to me, you won't look at me, you won't even stay in the same room as me. Tony...” Steve took a breath before he continued. It was now or never. If they were ever going to piece together their working relationship he had to get everything out on the table. “I'm sorry. I'm sorry that you feel I took advantage of you.” Steve said in a broken and wavering voice. It was so much harder to say it, the words coming out of his mouth only made it all real. “That I did anything to hurt you, or to make you feel like...I used you.”
Tony heard the knock. Steve had actually shown up, surely Steve wasn't about to let Tony ravish him shamelessly, as much as that idea now interested him greatly. Steve was the responsible one he would call it off, after all as far as Tony knew Steve was straight. Even though that kiss did have him questioning that. Tony opened the door and masked his nervous/excited energy with his normal calm and self assured bravado. Tony smiled when he saw Steve standing there.
“Tony-Tony I'm gonna come, fuck- fuck I'm coming!” Steve gripped Tony's hair harder, and forced his cock into the man's mouth as he came, hot streams of his come poured down Tony's throat. He let Tony pull off to catch his breath, and before Steve had even recovered he hauled Tony onto the bed.He pushed Tony down onto his back to kiss him roughly. He could taste the bitterness of himself on Tony's tongue, and it only turned Steve on further. He kissed Tony for several minutes, and ran his hand over Tony's chest and palmed him through his pants, rubbing Tony's cock. He was hard, almost painfully so from being confined in his pants.
Tony wanted to see and feel more so he pulled Steve's shirt off of him and he kissed Steve's chest while he felt over Steve's powerful arms with his hands. He felt a bit more bold and trailed his hand back down Steve's stomach pausing briefly at the edge of the blonde's pants then slid further down to palm Steve's erection. “Tony...” Steve breathed and bucked his hips into Tony's hand.
Steve's breath was coming out in harsh panting gasps, he had just experienced two mind blowing orgasms and it was taking a moment for his senses to return. For a brief moment his vision seemed to clear and the clarity of his position solidified through the haze. He was partially naked on the floor of Tony's lab, his cock wet and dripping with his own come, having been stroked and pulled off by a gigantic centipede. As if sensing Steve's better senses had been returning the centipede scuttled across the floor towards him and released another puff of its heat inducing pollen. Steve coughed again trying not to breath it in but it permeated the air around him, and he was still trying to catch his breath from before.
Tony turned his head and looked at Steve, at his concerned and honest face. Tony had been steadfast in his decision but these last few weeks had been beyond frustrating. Tony had always prided his sexual prowess, even as an omega he knew how to work with people and show them a good time. He enjoyed sex and all aspects of it, giving and receiving. Now he felt that he was maybe letting Steve down. Maybe...he could just try it for a week. Or until he could try a different type of suppressants and get on something that still allowed him to perform in the bedroom.
It was that attitude that caught the interest of the alchemist, Erksine and he put Steve through into the basics of training to see what he was capable of. Schmidt's armies were advancing and the many of the lands were falling to him. They had to act fast to prevent any further casualties to the conqueror and his mystical weapons. They took the risk and Steve was chosen to received the rebirth serum.
“Tony...” He complained. The engineer just smirked playfully and nudged Steve with his knee.
The sounds of fists on the bag had stopped and Tony glanced up to see Steve looking at him. All six foot muscled alpha perfection staring down the horny little omega. Tony couldn't do this, not now, not while his hormones were going crazy. Tony couldn't risk this happening again, what if someone else had been in the gym? Natasha? Or Clint? What if this happened while in Shield or on a mission? The risks were too high. Tony had to get a handle on himself before he talked with Steve. Tony turned around and hurried back towards the elevator.
Regret was tight in his chest, how he wished the fallout of the accords had been different. If he hadn't let his rage and need for revenge cloud his judgment. If he had just picked up that phone and called Steve as soon as Strange had pulled him into this mess. Steve. He was thinking of Steve. How Tony had clung onto some unnamed...something...during their whole civil war. He felt an ache within himself that had nothing to do with the blade or splintered bone in his arm.
“So now that we've cleared that up...I am certain you were intending to use that on me?”
Tony kissed Steve deeply, raking his nails down his back. It was all so intense Steve above him driving into him stretching him, Tony clutched onto him tightly. He had to say it, this wasn't a damn game it never had been "We aren't strangers! I know you Steve! god yeah you feel so good!" Tony kissed him again in desperation.
“I hate to say it but...Bruce and Stark have a point.” Tony raised his arms up in triumph.“BUT-” Natasha added with a hard stare at the engineer. “The second that thing does anything weird...I'm squishing it under a boot.” Steve let out an exasperated sigh. He didn't like this, at all, the centipede made his skin crawl the way it practically slithered about in the cage. All those legs moving together was plain creepy and unsettling. Maybe as long as it stayed in Tony's lab space he wouldn't have to look at it again.
“We can't have that now can we?” Tony purred as he snaked his hand down over his abdomen, rubbed over his cock and cupped his balls. Steve stared, watching as Tony's length stiffened further from the touch it curved beautifully up from his groin to his taught stomach. He felt his own throb with heated want for that same touch, for now though Steve did his best to ignore it. He watched in fascination as Tony gripped the base of his own cock and slowly gave his length a long stroke up to the tip then back down. In response Tony gasped softly his mouth slightly agape as he panted.
“I must admit your mind has been one of the toughest to break. I admire that, you don't give up easily.” Thanos said as he lifted the gauntlet. His eyes met with Tony's. “When we're done you won't know what is reality and what is fantasy. Your mind will fracture and the reality stone will grant you peace in the world of your own making, but...sadly...none of it is real.” He closed his fist.
Tony met his eyes in challenge so it was on. "Well...I'm not going to confirm nor deny to trying to win you over as that could potentially put any chances at risk, after all I could just be a guy looking for casual conversation." Tony dipped a finger into his glass and brought it up to his own lower lip, tracing it with a playful look in his eye, the corners of his mouth raising up in a sly seductive smirk. Tony licked at his lower lip slowly, eyeing Steve the whole time and dropped his hand back down to the table. "Besides I wouldn't want to make you uncomfortable if I'm not your type.”
Steve pulled back from Tony's cock taking in a gasping breath, he looked up at him with a lust addled gaze. He enclosed his hand around Tony's length and began to slowly stroke the base.
“You will.” Tony reassured him. “I know how much you want to, don't think about it just feel this, feel me and all the things I'm doing.” Tony raised himself up and grasped Steve's chin with his free left hand so he could look into Steve's deep blue eyes. “I'm right here with you, I want to make you feel good. Is it good? Is this what you want?”
“Did you?” Steve asked in wonder. He petted his hands over Tony's sides and groped and massaged the perfect globes of his omega's ass cheeks. Tight and perfect and so delectable. It made Steve want to bend down and sink his teeth into the supple flesh.
Steve didn't care where it had just been, he opened his mouth for the centipede's appendage, licked up and down the length of it, the texture smooth and slick over his tongue. There was the fullness of Tony's cock sheathed in his ass stretching him, the head a constant pressure on his sweet spot. Steve's own erection was hanging heavy between his legs, throbbing with need. The centipede clicked its pincers in excitement while Steve continued to suck on the protruding phallic length, enjoying the feeling of being filled and having something in his mouth. He rocked his hips feeling Tony drive deeper into him, but he wanted to rut and rub his own cock against something. Maybe the centipede would wrap its legs around him again and let him just rut into its soft underbelly.
Steve looked off for a moment in thought then back down to Tony. He really had grown up so much in the last few years. It was hard to think of him as that little boy he had looked after, the time had passed by so fast. “It's possible. Had we gone to school in my day though I doubt you'd be asking for a date. That wasn't exactly commonplace back then.” Steve ran his fingers though Tony's thick hair again in thought. The recent years had seen a lot of change for the gay community, and while it was still heavily criticized it was no longer a crime. “Tony...” Steve began. “You can tell me, I won't judge you if you are attracted to boys or are curious. Is that what this is about?” He asked gently.
“Yes-Yes I do! I told you I almost did once but...I came too early...please can we just try?” Tony was so eager, so willing. Steve wanted to give Tony what he asked.
“Tony wait!” He was gone...Steve stood alone now more confused than ever. What was all that talk about a darkness in this place? He was only more determined to get the answers that he needed. Steve was known to be a stubborn individual and he wasn't going to let Tony's cryptic message sway his decision. He'd find out exactly what was going on, and hopefully pull Tony out of whatever mess he found.
Tony gave a brief chuckle of amusement. "That's fair enough, I suppose an introduction is in order." He held his hand out to Steve's "Tony." Steve eyed Tony warily for a moment and then took his hand.
“So...hear me out Steve.” Tony murmured while he stilled Steve's rutting. “I have some more work to do with the centipede, but I think I have a solution to your problem. Give me a little more time and then I promise I will help you. No one else has to know about any of this, it will only be you and me.”
“Easy...Easy...” He soothed. “I need you to relax Tony...just breathe in slowly and then back out...can you do that?” Tony gave a silent nod and inhaled deeply then let it out nice and slow, the stretch was a bit more than he had anticipated. Steve felt Tony's body slowly relax around him, and he took that opportunity to gently push himself deeper. Slowly he moved, until his shaft was fully seated in Tony's body. Steve gave him a minute to adjust to his length and girth while rubbing his hands over Tony's skin, and pressing light kisses between Tony's shoulders along his back.
Steve sat up, his eyes heavy lidded the heat still present in his body, a constant kindling flame. He watched as the centipede coiled itself around Tony as it had done to Steve in the beginning the many legs clutched and held tightly to Tony.
“Then fuck me harder.” Tony challenged. Steve gripped Tony's hips and used his superior strength to lift him and hold him up as he thrust his own cock up repeatedly. Tony was panting and moaning as Steve drove himself up into him. “Yes, yes, yes!” He chanted and reached down to stroke his own cock while Steve pounded up into him.
A nod Steve had nodded was that an invitation? Tony finished off his glass, and thrummed his fingers on the bar for a moment as the bartender refilled his glass. He didn't want to fight, didn't want to argue even as angry and hurt he felt over the whole situation with Barnes. Tony was tired of arguing as he had been doing nothing but that with Ross since Steve and the others had abandoned him.
“Wait...don't you need-” Steve cut himself off when he felt the head catch on Tony's rim, already wet and loose...oh...he had come here prepared. Tony just gave Steve a knowing smirk before he held firm and lowered his weight onto Steve. “Oh...oohh.” Steve didn't know what to do with his hands, he was clutching at the sheets, he resisted the urge to buck his hips up into the tight heat enveloping him. Tony was breathing in and out slow and easy as he slowly sank down further letting Steve's cock slide up and up into him.
Routine was good, it was the best way to return to a state of normalcy and get back to his life. Steve was hopeful that in time he could put it all behind him, the centipede, his awkwardness around Tony, at least a lot of the guilt had begun to subside. Neither he nor Tony had been given the clear to return to active duty just yet, Bruce wanted to wait until the centipede had been removed from the tower. First Bruce and Tony had to find some way to neutralize the pollen's affects for the safety of everyone. It was either that or the creature would be destroyed.
Even after the orgasm his cock still stood erect and stiff, the need to come had not abated at all, he needed more and Steve didn't care what it took to get there. He leaned forward on his hands and knees, his pants still bunched around his knees the body of the centipede pressed up tightly against him, now its legs dug and prodding against the globes of his ass. Steve rocked his hips, his cock slipped and squelched against the wetness of his own come covering the centipede's belly. Its legs closed more tightly around his cock encasing it further into the warmth.
“Since always actually.” Tony replied casually. “It's Jarvis that handles all that. It's a sort of safety precaution in case anyone begins to act out of the ordinary. He monitors routines and looks for behavior that is unusual. According to Jarvis these late night gym visits are not typical for you.” Steve could hear the subtle footsteps of Tony's sneakers across the gym floor as he drew closer to him. Tony continued “Not that anyone would blame you for needing time to return to whatever had been normal before.”
“The guy I was sort of seeing got really mad and...he left...” Tony admitted quietly. “It had been the furthest I had gone and I really wanted to keep going, but...he didn't want to wait.”
“Well if you're new to certain...activities...that can happen.” Steve's mouth felt dry. They shouldn't be talking about this, it wasn't appropriate and it was putting some very alarming images into Steve's mind.
“Tony.” Steve called while sitting up from the bed, Tony paused on his way to the door and looked back at him. “...I never thanked you...for the drink.” He said with a smile. Tony laughed, a quick bark and he shook his head a moment gazed at Steve fondly.
“Tony!? Come on...Come on!” Steve shook him, but nothing. In a desperate motion Steve grabbed onto the chest plate of the armor and mustering all his strength he tore it from the rest of the suit. In a quick manner Steve places his hands one over the other over Tony's chest and began chest compressions as he head learned. “Breath...Tony please.” He begged as he focused on pushing against Tony's chest. Suddenly Tony gasped, taking in a breath of air...then another...and another the arc reactor seeming to get with the program and sputtering to life once again. Steve let out a heavy sigh in relief and sat back onto the ground. Tony was alive...that had been a close one. Without thinking Steve settled his hand over the arc reactor relishing the subtle hum from the device. Tony glanced at Steve's hand in confusion and was about to say something when Steve noticed the way Tony was staring at him. Steve pulled his hand away quickly and instead offered to help him up.
“You're sensitive.” Tony observed, without the pollen in his own system he really could take the time to appreciate every reaction he pulled from Steve.
There had been a fair number of hand-jobs, cock sucking, and the occasional fingering, but Tony hadn't gone quite over the edge into straight up fucking a man in his ass. Sex ended up being more rewarding with women, and his male partners had decreased steadily until Tony identified as primarily straight. He had chalked it up to a phase of his youth and had never looked back on it. Until Now. Now he was staring at Steve's back while he leaned over a table looking over Tony's computer console. The way Steve was bent pulled the fabric more taught across his bottom, giving the world a full view of his glorious posterior. It had Tony's mouth feeling dry and his pants too tight.
Perhaps it was better this way. This was his guilt and conscience telling him that what he had been attempting was wrong. Steve shouldn't be getting off to the memories of his experience with the centipede and Tony, if so what kind of person did that make him? A heavy knot formed in the pit of Steve's stomach as he towel dried himself after the shower. He was better than this. Steve Rogers wasn't that sort of perverted deviant was he? For the time Steve chalked it up to being an unforeseen side-affect. Perhaps in a few days he would return to having a normal sexual appetite. One that didn't involved his handsome team-mate and begging to be filled with his impressively sized dick.
I have no beta reader, I have no one to edit my work, I have no real suggestions until the fic is complete and up. So all errors are my own. Thanks for reading!
Tony shook his head, this wasn't a place he wanted to go, it was still too raw too fresh of a wound to prod just now. “It wouldn't have mattered what we did, Strange saw the outcomes and all but one...but ONE we lost!”
He didn't want to think about it, about her it still hurt too much. Tony shut off the light and went into his bedroom to rummage through the closet for a fresh set of clothes. No use in wallowing in self pity he had work to do and Avengers that were in need of equipment upgrades. Tony headed down to the communal kitchen where Natasha, Bruce and Steve already were seated and eating breakfast. He himself wasn't that hungry he just grabbed himself a cup of coffee as usual and listened to their banter with a soft smile on his face. Even with Pepper gone at least the tower didn't feel so empty with the Avengers present. Clint and Thor came and went, but the others had pretty much made it their permanent home when not on mission.
Steve continued laving his tongue along Tony's length, long wet licks, running his tongue up and down as the centipede squeezed, and gently stroked Tony as it had done with Steve. Tony had shut his eyes tightly, still trying to fight the buzzing heat from the pollen altering his mind. It was difficult to ignore the wet warmth of Steve's tongue, his lips trailing over the sensitive skin of his shaft, lips warm and soft, the centipede's legs flexing. Tony's resolve was fracturing as the pollen clouded his judgment, he was sinking into the pleasure, letting it envelope him. Below him Steve was moaning, humming as he continued to trail his mouth and tongue up and down Tony's cock.
Tony enclosed his fist around himself closing his eyes and gave a good long stroke up, the leather slid along his skin smoothly. He worked up to a steady rhythm not too fast to get off, but enough to satisfy and prolong the pleasure. His cock throbbed with need for more, but Steve wouldn't be too hasty he'd take his time and draw it out maybe make Tony beg a little. Yeah, he'd like that.
“Steve, fuck! I'm coming! I'm coming alpha!” The warmth of Tony's come spilled over Steve's hand and he shuddered through the aftershocks of his orgasm.
There was a sharp inhale from Tony at that action. He wasn't used to someone actually paying attention to the arc reactor. Pepper had always politely ignored it.
“It's nothing, no big deal. You've been in the front lines of battle before, this is nothing.” Steve scolded himself while he pulled away from the chaise lounger. Steve had been a war hero back in the day, he had turned the tide in the fight against Schmidt and his attempted invasion of the other kingdoms. The efforts in the war hadn't rested solely on Steve's shoulders, he owed his success to the experimental procedure he had undergone. The alchemist had concocted a strange and brilliant substance that had given Steve the body of a fighter.
“I wish I had an answer Cap.” Bruce replied with a small shrug. “We can only speculate. Maybe Hydra planned on releasing this pheromone as some controlling agent, maybe they didn't even know what they had. All we can do is keep the bug under strict isolation conditions in the quarantine.”
During the battle of New York Steve had regretted those words mere hours after he had uttered them. Especially once he had stood helpless in the street watching as Iron Man flew a nuke through a multidimensional portal at the risk of his own life to save everyone in the city. The second time Steve gazed down at the arc reactor, his chest was tight and his stomach clenched uncomfortably in fear at the sight of the dim light. There were no words to describe the relief he felt when the Hulk roared jolting Tony awake, and Steve saw the light spark into life and remain at a steady glow.
Tony looked off to the side and focused on the wall for several long seconds. Was it? He hadn't told anyone...he had experimented but the words hadn't crossed his lips for fear of rejection. Rhodey didn't even know. Tony's heart was hammering in his chest as he thought about what to say and how to say it. Was he bisexual? Gay? Straight and just going through a phase? He really had no clue. The few experiences he had with other guys had left him wanting to know more. He masturbated frequently to thoughts of men, women still aroused him just as much, but there was also a certain individual that permeated his sexual fantasies, and he was here in this room with Tony.
“Tony?” Steve asked hesitantly as he walked in and stood before the engineer. He stuck his hands in his pants pockets feeling awkward and nervous.
Steve gave a slow nod and waited for Bruce to continue. He knew all of this already they had discovered his natural resistances to drugs back in the 40's.
“Away from them beast!” He threatened. The centipede appeared to get the hint and uncoiled from around the pair and backed off from them obediently. Tony blinked a few times as his mind slowly filled in the missing pieces. The quarantine he had put up a quarantine for a reason. Tony's head was still so muddled though he couldn't think straight, even with the fading effects of the pollen he was still floating along in the post-orgasmic high. Steve was faring no better, he just stared at Thor as if he were a complete stranger.
Steve's breath caught. Tony really was a handsome man. He had facial hair, dark, and sculpted to meticulous perfection. It accentuated the shape of his jaw and chin and created a picture perfect specimen of male beauty. Then the corner of Tony's mouth had lifted in a self satisfied smirk, he knew that Steve was admiring him and basked in it. Steve had to mentally chastise himself for staring and tore his gaze away from Tony and back to his blank paper.
Tony nodded enthusiastically. “Yes-yes I do.”
“I can attempt to travel by using StormBreaker.” Thor filled in. “See if we can locate his crew.”
It had become a near nightly ritual now he would masturbate and think of Steve Rogers, and since then other things had been making Tony feel hot under the collar besides the stealth suit. He could now add dress uniform to the growing list of material he used in his private inappropriate fantasies. Tony, in retaliation to his traitorous body returned to the event, had himself a hard drink and found his conquest for the night.
“What makes you say that?”
That was how Steve had come to find himself in this exact position now. Waiting in his chambers for his guest to arrive. He sat down at his stool and adjusted the various pencils and charcoal sticks on the table beside him. The lighting in the room seemed to be good enough, or so Steve hoped, maybe he should light more candles? Just as Steve stood and gone to a cupboard to grab more there was a knock on the door, and he dropped the wax sticks to the floor.
“No...I do...” Steve remained seated on the bed with Tony standing between his legs, and his hands on Steve's shoulders. “because I want you to know how I feel and I want you to believe me when I say-” Steve settled his hand over Tony's arc reactor. “...you are a beautiful, genius of a man.”
“I'm seeing a pattern here Stark.” Thanos' voice boomed from behind. “This isn't me, you shape your reality I am only giving you the means in which to do so. This is all your own head creating your paradise.”
Steve didn't want that, he wanted Tony to experience what his body was naturally built to do.
He held his right hand out palm up and waited, it was a small gesture and one that Tony could easily brush off. A silent question to him
The problem wasn't just the heat. Steve determined that early on once Tony had been taken off the suppressants. Their first time together since Tony had stopped taking the pills Tony had nearly balked once his body began to self lubricate. In fact he had grabbed Steve's hand to stop him from touching or going anywhere near his ass once his hand had traveled south settling on his thigh and reaching back behind. From there Steve noticed all of the little things that were just so omega in Tony, and he never had caught before. Tony was on the shorter side, and although he wasn't considered super skinny his build was on the more slender side in comparison. Tony's lashes, were so long and framed his beautiful expressive eyes it wasn't a typical male feature. Tony like most men possessed body hair, but Steve noted it was finer, lighter than most, his skin was smoother and it was disheartening to realize all these features that Steve adored...Tony despised.
“No, No Thanos he was just-” Tony tried to gasp out, but Steve shushed him.
Sluggishly Steve turned his head to meet Tony's soft lips with his own. He parted for him, allowing Tony's tongue to delve into the cavern of his mouth and lay claim to him. Steve moaned with an air of desperation into the kiss as it grew heated, nearly crushing as Tony's tongue assaulted his mouth.
Steve thrust his hips more haphazardly, his cries of pleasure growing in their intensity as his cock was stroked, pulled, squeezed in the warm embrace of the monster bug. Steve's balls tightened and his cock began to pulse with his come spurting out in long white ropes splashing across the underbelly of the centipede. The orgasm was ripped from him almost savagely, his mouth fell open in a silent scream for several beats before he found his voice again. The centipede released its webbing from Steve and he fell to his knees now straddling the bug as he caught his breath.
“This can't be...No...I...” Tony sat up on his knees and ran his hands through his hair. He couldn't remember there was too much in his head, too many memories that conflicted and made no sense together. Tony looked up at Thanos in anguish. Had it all been fake? The life he had built with Steve was it only a fantasy he had conjured up?
Steve whimpered. “I want to be the only one to pleasure you.” and Tony kissed him again in response.
“I'll give you a massage tomorrow, and maybe a nice hot bath will help.” Steve whispered sweetly in Tony's ear. “Sleep now okay?” Tony nodded against him and let his heavy lids droop closed. Soon Tony's breathing had evened out into a deep and steady rhythm. Steve stayed awake for awhile letting his mind filter through everything that had just happened. He had overstepped his boundaries, he was supposed to be a guardian, a possible even parental figure. Steve couldn't help but feel that he had somehow failed Tony by giving into his primal needs. Sill he had rather enjoyed all of it, and the idea of Tony experiencing that with anyone else made Steve feel a hint of possessive jealousy. He couldn't tie Tony down in that way though, anything exclusive would surely expose them and he had no clue what kind of hell storm that would bring about for the two of them. This was safer, it was smarter.
“I wanted to talk to you.” Steve began. “About that day about a week ago.” Tony visibly tensed at the mention of it, but other than that he showed nothing else. “You haven't been the same since.” Steve continued. “You've been avoiding me and-”
Tony gave Steve full access, parting his lips a moan vibrating through his throat as he felt Steve's tongue enter his mouth. Steve's cock was rock hard now, and pushing insistently against the fabric of his jeans. He felt it twitch when he heard the breathy moan from Tony as they kissed. It was like igniting a fire inside of him, Steve needed to hear more, he wanted to possess and dominate Tony. Make him into a quivering mess. With a gentle nudge Steve coaxed Tony to lay back on the bed, and he straddled the young man. He rocked his hips against Tony to gain some friction on his aching cock, and he felt the hardness in Tony's pants rubbing up against his thigh. Tony really did want this.
Steve's gaze was met with a pair of the most enticingly beautiful brown eyes he had ever seen. Warm pools of rich chocolate framed by dark long lashes and lids lined with charcoal black. Doe eyes were all he could think. For a split second Steve had wondered if there had been a mistake, as he had never known a man to possess such a breathtakingly gorgeous set of eyes. Once he shook himself from his momentary lapse of speechlessness Steve took in the rest of the view before him.
“Steve...” Tony whispered when they parted, his lips kiss bitten and wet from their saliva. Steve pressed his lips to Tony's shoulder and neck as his hands roamed over the front of Tony's abdomen and chest, tracing the edge of his arc reactor. “Hm Steve...I...” Tony gasped lightly when he felt Steve bite gently at his shoulder. “I'm...” Tony pressed on. “I'm ready...I'm ready to be your omega.” Steve paused.
“It keeps you alive Tony...don't you realize how incredible that is? It's a part of you that you made.” Steve admired it pulling his hand aside and running his thumb along the metal. He had expected it to be cold for some reason, but the arc reactor was actually quite warm from Tony's body heat. Tony swallowed hard and wanted to pull back and just hide the damn thing from Steve's prying eyes. He didn't understand what Steve was going on about and it irritated Tony to a great degree.
Steve pulled his fingers out, and Tony gave a quiet whine of disappointment, but Steve held a finger up to silence him. “Just a little more Tony. You're doing so well.” Steve applied another generous amount of lube to his fingers and to Tony's already slicked up hole. “breathe okay? Remember to breathe.” Steve stated calmly as he then slowly pushed three of his fingers into Tony's ass. Tony whimpered, and there was a soft cry of pain before he swallowed it down and bit his lip instead. Tony breathed out then in and out the stretch was almost too much. Tears welled up in the corners of his eyes.
“You ready to return to the world Captain?” Tony asked while they walked outside and towards the waiting aircraft. Steve paused right outside the open bay door and looked back over the palace and the city. Okoye and her guard were seeing them off, standing nearby, Shuri with them as well. Wakanda was a beautiful country, but it carried too many terrible memories.
“It will only complicate our working relationship now. Neither one of us was really in our right minds yesterday, and some things were said.” Tony rubbed his hand over his face. “...and I can't do it Pepper. I cannot let this get out. He's an alpha and not just any alpha a national fucking icon alpha! It would only be a matter of time before someone connects the dots and figures out the truth about me.”
“That wasn't a mature way for him to handle it. Sounds to me you're better off without having your first time with a jerk like that. It should be with someone you really care about, it makes it a lot more special.”
Tony swallowed at the sudden heat that bloomed inside of him this was all just a game but, Steve propositioning in such a way awoke something inside of Tony, and he found himself growing aroused at the idea of taking Steve to his hotel. Tony finished off his drink, and set his glass down and looked at Steve, he bit his lip in thought...play his cards right...he leaned in close to him and whispered in Steve's ear, his voice a low purr. "Would you like to come to my hotel room Steve?" Tony rubbed his hand up Steve's thigh and dug his nails into the material of his pants.
“Exposed...but I guess...in a good way?” Tony wasn't exactly sure what he felt. He didn't have that reactionary disgust he normally associated with his omega nature. He still felt that lingering shame, but it was only a lesser thought at the back of his mind. “You really like this?” Tony asked.
Tony turned his head letting Steve have better access to his neck, the attention sending shivers down his spine. "I want it Steve I want you in me. I want you to fuck me baby. " Tony begged “please, please I need it, I need you, want you to take me hard, please Steve."
Steve's face lit up. “Yeah? You'll try it?”
“I prefer alone Cap.” Tony declared and spun back around in his chair, and hunched over his work bench. “I work best that way.” he added and returned his focus to his project. After several minutes Tony sensed Steve was still there and glanced back at him. “...seriously? something you need? You are weirding me out right now.”
“Good luck out there Captain Rogers. Wakanda is always here for you.” Okoye called to him as Steve too entered the waiting aircraft. The bay door closed behind him and he stood there looking over his team, what was left of it. Natasha, Rhodes, Bruce, and Tony. Natasha was sitting in the pilot;s chair, Rhodey in the co-pilot's seat as they warmed up the engines.
Normal but there was no normal, not after what had happened to him and what he had done to Tony. What that creature had made him do, but had the centipede really forced him into any of it? Or had it only unleashed his innermost desires? With no moral compass, no ethical understanding or inhibitions had he only acted on impulse? The answers to that were too raw for Steve to handle at that moment. “Can I get more sedatives please? It...it's starting to hurt.” The IV in Steve's arm increased the drip of the morphine and soon he drifted off again into the black void of dreamless sleep.
Steve knew he was due back at the hotel to meet with the others in a few hours, but he needed to get away for awhile. Ever since he had left Bucky in Wakanda, and busting the others out of confinement he felt as if he had been moving at a nonstop pace without a chance to breath. He knew this was a risk being out in public, he was a wanted criminal, and it wasn't just Ross looking for him. The entire united nations had eyes out for him, and the others.
“Mmm.” Tony hummed with a smile. He stroked Steve's length and licked him again as more fluid beaded at the tip making Steve groan.
“What about-”
Steve pulled back slightly then, lifting his head from Tony's and looking at him with hurt in his eyes. “I don't expect you to believe me, or even forgive, but it's the truth Tony. These last two years all I wanted was to find my way back to you, even if you didn't share my feelings...I just wanted you to know how sorry I am that our disagreements led to what they did.” Steve took a halting breath an then continued. “I was willing to wait as long as it took for you to let me back into your life. When I saw the news reports that you were missing and after everyone...the dusting...all I could think about was you and if you were somewhere safe and if I would ever see you again.”
“Then you'll get what you wish for.” Thanos stated simply The razor edge sliced him open with the smallest pressure. Tony coughed, blood dribbled down from his mouth as he stumbled backward and against some debris. Thanos in a near gesture of comfort settled a hand over his head, like the way an owner strokes a pet that is in distress. It made Tony cringe inwardly. So this was it, this was how he was going to die. In the seconds he had to still live Tony reflected on everything that had led up to this moment, and how he wished he could go back and do it differently.
Having a kid clinging to you and begging not to die left an ugly mark on the soul. So Tony was more than willing to accept that he had acted rashly in his decision, but he kept that to himself. The people of Wakanda already believed he was unstable he didn't need to give them more reason to hover around him as much as they did.
“Thanks, I'm good Cap.” Tony finished off his coffee and refilled the mug. “You know where to find me.” He gave a wave to them and headed down to the sanctuary of his workshop. Here Tony was at ease. No gimmicks, no games, no schmoozing here he could be himself and work in peace, he settled into working on Natasha's infamous widow bites.
“Well I must admit I'm already...” Steve paused and rubbed the back of his neck. “Already quite pleased with what I've seen. Aesthetically that is!” He added that last part hastily. A light blush rose into Steve's cheeks and he ducked his head a bit in embarrassment.
“Did you mean that...what you said at the...I mean when you were. At the end.” Tony's voice was quiet and hesitant. Steve stared off into the opposite end of the room, distracting himself with a poster on the wall. He swallowed in discomfort before he dared to answer.
Tony kept touching himself though, getting bolder, acting as if he were teasing Steve now. Tony was running his fingers over his skin, along his chest, over his thighs, grazing his balls and cock. He bit his lip and whimpered ever so quietly as he toyed and played with himself. “Is this too much Steve? My lord? I can stop if you want me to...if this makes you uncomfortable.” Tony said in a strained voice.
“Give me the stone.” Thanos demanded. “And I may allow you to live.”
Within minutes they were both naked and touching one another, Steve could really relish in it this time. Tony had an incredible body and admiring his fully hard dick only made Steve's own throb with need. He knew what that cock was capable of he could still recall the feel of Tony stretching him from behind.
“Oh God!” Steve moaned, he felt his cock jerk and pulse with another stream of fluid. “So that-that doesn't bother you?”
“No” Pepper replied in her best commanding tone. “Stop lying and tell me the truth Tony. You had someone help you.” She watched as Tony shifted in the chair under her scrutinizing eyes, he winced again and then remained still.
Tony closed his eyes for just a moment and inhaled deeply, breathing in the scent of Steve, of the fresh air of everything that he now associated as home. He sighed in content and let the post orgasm waves settle over his body, and flow through his limbs in complete satisfied bliss.
They had parted ways but she remained as CEO of Stark Industries. Tony then looked at other properties for himself to get away from the city and live a quiet life with Steve. After the years spent of preparing to take on Thanos retirement from the responsibility of super-heroing sounded rather appealing. They had discussed it during the lonely nights together, what they would do once it was over if they could give up the hard life of being an avenger. There had been all kinds of plans, Tony buying them an exotic island, a hunting cabin in the mountains, or living on a boat along the coast. None of the plans had been serious, and Tony had more than once thrown out audacious ideas like building a colony on the moon.
Steve bobbed his head so Tony's length was sliding in and out of his mouth wetly, he swallowed around the cock, his throat flexing, his mouth sucking down harder on it. Tony was moaning now, his hands tightened into fists in Steve's hair as he rocked his hips involuntarily. With a light cough Steve pulled back and took in a needed breath before he moved back in to tease with his tongue laving it against the head, lapping up more of the precum beading at the slit.
“You want to take this to the bedroom? Might be a little more comfortable there. Do this proper and all.” Steve nodded and peppered small kisses down Tony's neck while pushing the blazer off his shoulders. Tony chuckled as his hands reached for Steve's wrists and ever so gently pushed him back. “I know you're feeling eager but we have plenty of time. Come on to the bedroom soldier.”
Steve was determined to change Tony's perspective, and to show him that there was nothing wrong with being a male omega. His body was beautiful, and there was no shame in how he was built. To Steve it was a marvel how omegas worked, how Tony's scent alone could get him worked up in minutes. Steve's cock would throb with need and he'd be desperate to knot Tony and claim him for himself. Tony was still between suppressants and Steve was taking advantage of it. They both had an evening off, and Steve put his plan into action. Tony may hate it and it very well could backfire, but to him it was worth the risk. Tony would learn to see himself as Steve did.
“Gah!” Tony exclaimed. “ Y-you can take a break. No hurry...” Steve already was beginning to take up his previous pace.
Tony appeared to flinch at Steve's words, there was a hollowness formed in his eyes as he took a step back from the reinforced glass. “Yes we know what happened which is why I'm here...because I wanted to- to try and help you.”
Steve nodded in understanding. “Given our work I wouldn't expect you to do anything different. I just want you to be comfortable with what you are.” Steve's knot finally went down and he was able to slip out from Tony's body. Tony made a face when he felt the mix of his slick and Steve's semen leak out of his ass. Steve kissed Tony's cheek lovingly. “Let's take a shower, change the sheets and get some sleep.”
“Why not? Hasn't Pierce suggested that they are available to you? You won't have to pay for a model, and they will be just as attractive if not more so. Also they won't care if they have to disrobe and sit for awhile.” Sam suggested with a nudge.
There was always the option to go talk with Bruce, the doctor had told him to speak with him if he found there were additional side-affects. They were dealing with an unknown creature after all, there was always the chance that this problem he was experiencing was a result of exposure to the pollen. Only if that were so, wouldn't Tony have the same or similar symptoms? Steve couldn't possibly waltz into Tony's workshop and ask if he was having difficulty achieving an orgasm. Saying something like that would only land him back into quarantine, and he would see his mandatory leave (suspension) from duty extended.
“Don't strain yourself Stark, the beast's spell will rid itself of you soon.” He held the hammer up threateningly at the centipede, and it wriggled away back into the containment cube it had escaped from. Steve nuzzled against Tony affectionately while he wrapped an arm around him to keep him close by. He couldn't quite piece together why Thor had barged inside in such a way thanks to his still sex frazzled brain. Steve did know that he felt tired...so tired...he could sleep for days sort of tired.
“Your system hyper-metabolized this pheromone. The serum didn't attack it like it was a harmful foreign substance, like alcohol, drugs or caffeine, your system welcomed it. As far as your body could tell you were experiencing a normal and healthy rise in adrenaline and dopamine. You went under this spell, so to speak, so rapidly because of how the serum normally functions. The second you stepped into the lab you were compromised it would have just been a matter of time.”
Steve found he needed to adjust himself, things were feeling tighter and uncomfortable in his pants as the blood rushed down south. “Hm the lighting is still a bit off.” Steve replied in a rough voice.
“Yeah, yeah just...too much to drink. Almost there...” Tony closed his eyes and let his mind drift, drift to picturing Steve beneath him, hot and tight begging for Tony to fuck him harder. What Steve's naked ass would look like, those perfect round globes tensing, would he mind if Tony gave them a slap? Turn the cheeks pink, make it sting, as he thrust his cock into that clenching hole? Tony gripped the woman's hips tightly as he thrust himself harder into her tight heat with an all new renewed vigor. She gasped beneath him, breathy panting as she rocked her hips back. Quiet. She was too quiet. Tony wondered if Steve would be loud, when his pleasure was just so overwhelming that super solider body so over sensitive it would be too much and he'd lose himself. He'd moan deep, low rumbles, growling roughly with need.
“Steve?” Tony asked, not sure what the question even was, but something was happening here between them, a silent acknowledgment of that frightening unknown
“Yes...yes just hold that right there.” Steve picked up a pencil and began to sketched on the paper on the canvas in front of him. It was silent for a time, just the scratching of the granite stick against the rough surface of the paper as Steve did a few quick sketches to capture his subject. Tony remained still for him and obeyed his every request for the tiniest of alterations to his positions. Once Steve was feeling relaxed and finally comfortable enough to make additional requests he asked.
“Tony” Steve said to stop him from leaving, which Tony did pause and glanced back at him through the window. “Thank you for coming here to talk to me. You have no idea how much it helped, I've been obsessing over what I would say to you and nothing ever felt right.”
“What are you doing?” Tony asked once he found his mouth able to form words again. Steve was fiddling with something on the floor.
way before. Okay that was a bit of a lie he had noted that Steve was attractive, but Tony hadn't considered Steve as a viable option as a partner.
Several minutes passed of Steve working his length. Nothing. In fact it began to hurt the longer he went at it. He paused to give himself a little break and wait it out for a moment thinking that maybe he just needed to take some time. Maybe after everything that had occurred with the centipede there was still some lasting physical discomfort, but he had been given the all clear from Bruce. The guilt he had been pushing back suddenly burst into the forefront of his mind, and Steve couldn't allow this behavior any longer. He turned the water from warm to cold and waited through the discomfort for his erection to subside.
Steve swiveled his hips a little and bit his lip as Tony's member shifted inside of himself. Even with how far gone he had been from the pollen the first time Steve could perfectly recall how Tony's length felt inside of him. This was what he had been craving again, and Steve was eager to feel the slide and force of that hard flesh pounding into him.
“How you doing?” Tony asked softly, his hands brushed up along Steve's arms and back down.
Tony leaned over Steve's chest and laved a tongue over Steve's left nipple making the man below him gasp and wriggle. The nub instantly began to harden in the open air as Tony teased it with the warmth of his mouth, he closed his lips over it and sucked gently. Steve's entire body jolted as little fissures of pleasure ran down through him to his cock.
“I hope they remember you.” Thanos gripped the handle ready to twist and Tony prepared for his end, hoping that this sacrifice would make up for his past failures.
“Take me down.” Steve ordered while he grabbed his shield off of his back.
“A few.” Steve answered without going into detail he knew that Tony was probing for information and he wasn't foolish enough to fall for that.
“I'm doing fine.” Steve stated dismissively, but he kept his body turned away from Tony and towards the punching bag. Hearing Tony's voice alone was making him feel hot and needy. God what was wrong with him?
“Uh Tony?”
“Steve please, please now? Can I come now?”
“Home.” Tony stated for Natasha, never breaking his eye contact with Steve's gorgeous blues. “Let's go back home.”
Tony smiled, taking off his own jacket, loosening his tie, and tossing it to the floor. Watching Steve run his hands over himself was so sexy, an excited shiver ran through Tony at the sight. He could only imagine what that must look like if Steve were naked. Later there was time for that later Tony stood at the edge of the bed between Steve's legs, and ran his hands up his thighs to his belt.
“Steve...Steve please...please.” Tony begged and the blonde came back to himself. He pulled his fingers and Tony moaned at the loss of the fullness, but he felt the blunt end of Steve's cock pressing insistently against his ass.
“S-Security footage...” Tony gasped out. “I can get the footage...any angle we want if-if you want me to-nngh-see more.”
“Yes!” Steve admitted. “Feels so good Tony, all of it feels so good. Ah! God it's sucking me!”
“Y-Yes-I do-Tony h-harder!” Steve begged. The way Tony was able to move his hips, the swivel the angle and position it was all so perfect as if he knew exactly what would feel best on Steve's cock. Tony rocked back, driving himself down and taking Steve's length good and deep, he began to moan himself. It was a beautiful sound to Steve.
“And goats!” Tony added with a smile.
Tony was still pumping his own cock with his fist watching Steve's ecstasy. Once Steve came back to himself he looked over the man still straddling his waist and his eyes trailed to the thick hard cock, Steve reached down and wrapped his own hand around Tony's length and assisted in jerking him off. The angle of his wrist was a little uncomfortable in their position, but he wanted to help he wanted to see Tony come. Tony's breath was coming out in harsh quick pants that quickened the closer he got, he let out a moan and his body jerked and tenses as he reached his own climax and came over Steve's abdomen.
Bruce held his hands up. “Sorry, sorry, I was instructed to ask about that. Fury's order not mine, I've been doing what I can to keep S.H.I.E.L.D. out of this.”
“...no fucking way...are you really?” Tony mumbled into the pillow and looked over his shoulder at Steve. The blonde was still catching his breath, his mouth hanging open, body tense, and his cock still rock hard and buried inside of Tony. “How?”
Tony sipped his drink idly, and let his eyes drift briefly among the others in disinterest and-what the hell?-Tony stopped dead, he felt his heart rate pick up as his adrenaline suddenly spiked. He tensed. Steve Rogers was in the bar. Tony quickly took note of all the exits and started to look for any other potential threats, was Steve alone? was he here to finish the job? take him out? Tony swallowed back the anger that filled him. He took a drink, and breathed in and out slowly. He had to play this cautiously or else risk creating a scene. Also he didn't stand a chance of taking Steve one on one without the armor.
Tony couldn't resist the small moan escaping his throat as they kissed. No-No he couldn't let on that he was enjoying it that much, but god it felt so good being pressed against Steve like this, arousal spiking through his groin as he pushed his hips against him.
Tony couldn't let anyone know of what he did. There was no way that Steve would share his attraction after all Tony was convinced that Steve was straight given the time period he came from. Not that there weren't gay people in the 40's, but sexuality was a lot more repressed then. Perhaps if Steve had grown up in modern times he may have been more open to experimentation, but Tony wasn't about to risk his dirty secret coming out. So Tony kept his depravity to himself, isolating himself and feeling the shameful disgust when he looked at Steve with the dirty thoughts of what he wanted to do to the man.
“Oh-oh fuck! Oh fuck Tony I-I'm gonna-I'm gonna-aah!” Steve's muscles went taught as his back arched up from the bed, his thighs spread wide and quivered as his cock pulsed. Thick ropes of come spurted across his heaving chest, while Steve's hips rocked with every new pump of come, and moaning in pure ecstasy. Tony sat back and watched in awe as Steve came and came messily across his abdomen and chest, he really must have been desperate for it. After the fifth pump the volume decreased to smaller spurts and finally little burbles of fluid. Steve was still shaking, and softly moaning as he came down from the intensity of his orgasm.
“Wait at least two hours before you try and leave, Ross and the others are here and they will spot you a mile away. You should be able to slip out by then. Good luck out there Steve.” Tony whispered in his ear then the heat of Tony's body was gone and Steve heard him heading for the door.
Why was that a turn on? Hearing Tony whisper in his ear had Steve biting his lower lip a, shiver ran down his spine "Hmmm.” Steve turned his head so he could reply back in his own whisper close to Tony's ear. "Promise to show me a good time?"
Tony whined and grabbed at Steve's wrist. “Hey! Stop!” He chuckled. “I'm not six anymore. I'm a grown ass adult.” He managed to pry Steve's hand away and smoothed his hair back into place.
After a long hot shower and a thorough scrub down Steve dressed and walked back out to an empty bedroom. The closet door was left open and Steve noted that Tony's watch and phone were gone from the nightstand beside the bed. He didn't want to overstay his welcome in Tony's space so Steve went back down to his room. He changed into a fresh shirt and sweats and decided to go for a run outside in hopes it would help him to clear his muddled thoughts.
“You have my word Cap.” Tony's mouth quirked up in his signature smirk. Civil conversations were rare for them, especially now given the circumstances. Steve did find that he felt better, like a weight had been lifted off his shoulders and he could finally breath again. “Well I should probably get back to lab and working on that antidote.” Tony gestured towards the hall.
I apologize for such a long wait on this conclusion. I wasn't happy with the first few drafts and ended up scrapping everything and starting over. I took extra time with this one because I didn't want to finish this just to finish it and be unhappy with the end product. I feel much more satisfied with the end result.
Pepper pressed a finger to Tony's lips to quiet him. “I heard you, but now you listen to me. You obviously came here for advice and you are going to hear me out. There are plenty of same sex couples out there that are alpha and beta. You have managed this long to remain undiscovered and you have had plenty of relationships with female alphas. It is not uncommon Tony. You are being paranoid. You never know, this could end up being very good for you, and for Steve. You are stubborn and one of the most difficult individuals that I have to deal with, but you have such a big heart Tony. As much as you try and deny it. I am asking you to try. That's all.” She pulled her finger away from him and waited patiently for his response.
“We'll need lube and a condom.” If he was going to show Tony how to have sex he was going to show him how to be safe about it. Steve himself was immune to diseases and infections, but he didn't want Tony to ever risk contracting something.
“Tony...” Steve said in exasperation but he couldn't deny that the little grub in the cage did in fact have a rather uniquely phallic appearance. He just didn't want to give Tony the satisfaction of admitting it.
"Hey there come on in." Tony opened the door for him, it was a rather spacious hotel room, Tony never skipped on luxury.
“Sam!” Steve had scolded and his cheeks turning a light shade of pink in a blush. The thought of asking for a model was frightening, but asking for one to removed their clothes and reveal themselves was altogether nerve wracking. Steve had been at war, too busy for fraternizing with women, although he had a bit of a sweetheart, Peggy Carter, but he had missed his chance long ago. “I told you it would be too expensive and I don't know how comfortable I am with that. I just want someone who can sit still for a few hours without complaining.”
Steve just nodded slowly, biting his lip and looking down to the floor. “Tony...I...” Steve began and trailed off unsure of what to say how to say it.
“Hey respect your elders young man.” Steve teased. “We wizened old men have lots of factual real world knowledge.”
Steve instantly felt lighter than he had in weeks. The tension and frustration he had been feeling for days was long gone. Tony had helped him come, his plan had worked and Steve felt an immense gratitude to the handsome engineer.
“You're the catch here, I'm just a guy from Brooklyn out of my time and struggling to fit in.” Tony scooted closer to Steve while twining their fingers together. “I wanted you too, but I was too ashamed to admit it to myself before.” Steve confessed.
Tony walked in and surveyed his surroundings briefly, the place seemed low key enough he could potentially get away with getting a light buzz without being bothered. Perhaps even get mind numbing-drunk, and have someone take him home for a romp of rough self punishing sex, he really needed to get over losing Pepper already. He loosened his tie some as he sat down at the bar and ordered himself a scotch. Tony sipped at it, letting the alcohol burn down his throat. He hated feeling like a lap dog, being the one Ross expected to fix every solitary problem that involved the Avengers...or..not the Avengers anymore the Avengers was over.No, the vigilante criminals now. Tony downed his drink in one go, setting the glass down and ordered another round.
Steve Rogers was still as goodhearted as Howard had made him out to be and it made Tony bitter with resentment at times. However they had tip-toed around one another onto a territory where they could be friendly and work together when needed, and what went from a strictly business type relationship bloomed into the fragile beginnings of friendship.
Tony had a mischievous glint in his eyes as he smiled almost wickedly and slunk down the bed. He knelt between Steve's legs, positioning them so his knees were bent but he was splayed open and showing off everything from his hardening cock to his taught sac and messy leaking hole.
“Mmm-mmm” Steve hummed pleasantly and he clenched down around Tony's length. He felt so full and stretched, Tony felt huge inside of him. “You too, god you're so big Tony, fill me up so good.” Tony rocked his hips slowly, setting an easy rhythm. Each nudged forward into Steve's hot channel sent ripples of pleasure through his cock. The centipede's legs tightened their grip on Tony,
Tony took in a breath, and moaned, leaning his head back against the bed. "hmmm you like them vocal Steve?" Tony asked as his body gave a pleasurable shudder. "I can be vocal I'm usually. Very -ahhh yeah- very vocal."
“I don't really want to talk about it Nat.” Steve replied as he wiped his face with a towel. Natasha stood on the mat waiting for him.
“You're thinking about something-something you want.” Steve ground out huskily in Tony's ear. “I can feel your slick. You just got even wetter.” Steve looked Tony over in the mirror. “Your cock is leaking all over too...you're such a mess Tony.” Tony could feel it, the wet smear on his belly from his own cock trapped against his body from Steve's hand. He should feel embarrassed and ashamed but he didn't have the mindset to feel either. He was all quivering horny desire and he could see that Steve was loving it. His alpha liked him messy. “Tell me Tony.. What makes my omega get so hard and wet?”
“Steve you are not thinking straight. Come on snap out of it, we can't risk this thing getting out so we have to work together. It has messed with your head, and for whatever reason the serum isn't working on fighting it so I need you to concentrate and fight this!” The centipede blocked Tony, it clicked its mandibles together and spewed the cloud of pollen at him. Tony waved the powder away while he tried to cover his mouth to keep form breathing it in, but it was too late he felt the chalky substance in the back of his throat making him cough. No he could fight this he was better than this.
Steve stood in place, panting heavily, his uniform disheveled and his cock hanging heavy between his legs. The centipede contorted its body its many legs pointed up and gently enclosed themselves around Steve's cock. He gasped in surprise at the intensity of the feeling, how soft and warm the legs felt as they flexed and rubbed his flesh. It encased his length in a rippling warmth, nestled so perfectly against the creature's cozy underbelly.
“Just grabbing something we're probably going to need.” Steve replied and he stood up and rejoined Tony on the bed. He gave him a reassuring kiss and held up the small bottle. It took Tony a moment to realize it was a bottle of lube.
Steve felt no shame. Typically he knew he would be at admitting he liked being called soldier in the bedroom.“Please.” Was all he could utter, because he wanted more, he wanted all that Tony could give him. Tony held Steve's hand loosely and led him down the hall to the bedroom. Once inside he kicked the door closed and pulled Steve in for another heated kiss.
“You are too.” Steve murmured against Tony's skin. “Incredible, handsome, beautiful...” Steve reveled in the genius' presence, feeling like the luckiest man on earth to be graced with Tony's attention and affections. Tony chuckled, but was shaking his head.
“I'm not worth that Steve. Find yourself a nice girl settle down and-”
“Tony, love, you don't have to refer to me as alpha you know.”
Finally Steve settled back against the bed and caught his breath while his limbs went lax. Tony rubbed his hand up along Steve's flank and his arm in soothing strokes.
“Yes, Steve, Yes. So good, you feel so fucking good.” Tony panted as he increased his pace. “God, I'm so close, Steve touch me...touch me make me come I need to come!” He begged. Steve immediately obliged, he wrapped his hand around Tony's neglected dick and began to pump him. “Fuck yes so good!” Tony gasped and grasped Steve's hand tighter around the arc reactor, his body went rigid, tense as his cock spurted white ropes of come across Steve's chest. Tony let the waves of pleasure crash over him with each pulsing throb from his hard length. Steve had expected Tony to back off and maybe finish him off with his hand, not for Tony to go back to riding him hard and fast to draw out Steve's own quickly approaching orgasm.
"Been to many good places in your travels?” Tony asked and took another drink. Curious as to why Steve was in a bar of all places he knew he couldn't get drunk so he certainly wasn't drinking to get a buzz perhaps just the novelty of being a nameless person in a bar, or was Steve here to pick up some company?
“Stop with the bickering and get him to Shuri!” Okoye snapped at the two of them. Steve wasn't even listening to Thor or the others, he had turned to look down the hall, he only could see shadows on the wall as the group moved back towards Shuri's lab.
So he was alone in the family mansion, but it wasn't always all bad. This year Steve had promised to come by and see him, it had been several years since Tony had a Christmas with the famous Captain America. When he had been younger Steve had tried to make it an annual occurrence, but with Tony's schooling and Steve's unpredictable mission schedule it was difficult to follow through most years.
“Don't stop.” Tony begged. “Please, please.” Steve sucked the tip into his mouth and Tony moaned while arching his back. Steve let Tony direct him, let his hands grip and tug his hair to move him how he wanted, how deep to take him how long or short the strokes he wanted. Steve let himself be used.
The pollen's affects were beginning to fade and with that the pain blockers from the endorphins. Steve's body was beginning to feel the first hints of the aches that were to come from such vigorous activities. The serum allowed for him to experience multiple orgasms, but even super soldiers had a limit, and with the pollen from the centipede it had pushed Steve well beyond that limit. The exhaustion began to settle inside himself. Tony wasn't faring any better, without the blessing of the serum granting him extra endurance he was crashing hard.
In loopy blue letters. There was a little graduation cap with the year 1989 written inside it. Of course Steve would be the one to greet someone with baked goods as a gift still an old fashioned soul at heart. It was as if the modern world had no affect on the man. Tony shuffled some papers aside and set the cake down on an empty space at his desk. Steve walked into his room, closing the door behind him and took a seat on Tony's bed nearby. They had done this a million times. Steve knew Tony's preference to be in his own space. The mansion belonged to Howard and Maria, but his room was his own safe haven.
“Tony...you're out...” He observed.
“Yeah, I got the clear a few days ago. I would have come by sooner, but Dr. Banner insisted that you weren't ready for additional visitors. Which, I kind told him to shove-it and so here I am.” Tony stood with his hands in the pockets of a black zipper hoodie.
Steve had accepted that Bucky was a mere infatuation that would never become a reality and so he had moved on. He had thought he had found his true love in Peggy, buy 70 years in the ice had robbed him of that. Now here he was in the future, cock hard and leaking while he imagined what Tony Stark, playboy billionaire, looked like naked. Most of all Steve wondered about the arc reactor and that gorgeous blue light that he had grown to associate with Tony's level of injury on the field. Blue light meant he was alive, steady and glowing meant he would recover, but dark or flickering meant trouble and medical assistance was needed. He couldn't help himself, now whenever he saw Tony he would always check. He would glance down at that circular light just to be certain. Steve sometimes still had nightmares of the battle of new york and Tony's arc reactor remaining dark and unlit as he lay motionless on the pavement of the street.
“Just stare when you think I'm not looking. I notice, and you do it a lot. You just get this look on your face, I don't really know how to describe it.” Steve's deep blue eyes met with Tony's. “I don't know what you're thinking. At first I thought maybe it was you picturing Pepper in my place-”
“Hmm, you have no idea.” Steve said in a teasing tone and nipped at Tony's neck.
He was still obscenely wet, he could see from the sheen on his skin. His hole was slick and...open...so open...the rim swollen and puffy. His body was prepped and ready to take a cock. Tony shivered.
“Better?” Tony asked, an eyebrow arching and he shifted his hips forward.
When Tony opened his eyes there was no Steve above him, no moon light filtering though the room. It was pitch black and all around the walls began to dissipate, eaten away at the edges like a swarm of red parasites. Tony sat up suddenly his insides twisting and growing cold as everything faded into deep darkness all around him. The only light was coming from his chest and he looked down at the housing reactor that held the nanites. Tony touched it the hard metal edge connected to his under-suit.
He sighed heavily and ran a hand down his face then glanced back over to Steve. Deep down...Tony missed having him around, Tony didn't relinquish authority over to just anyone, but he had been fine with giving Steve the title of team leader. If Steve let him they could both walk away from this unscathed as long as neither of them brought up the past. There was an easy way to fix that, if he could get Steve to cooperate. Tony steeled his nerves, grabbed his glass and stood up walking over to Steve's table.
“Yes. I want to be your omega. I want...”
Steve's shoulders sagged as he stared down at the floor, unable to look Tony in the eye. “So there it is...now you know what's wrong.” He stated in a small voice.
Steve pulled out and slammed back into Tony, the action causing them both to moan. He did it again, and then again, and again increasing his speed with each thrust. It felt so good the way Tony's channel squeezed and tightened around his cock, the glide in and out creating a delicious friction.
In thinking about the experience it only made him feel more tense, on edge, abandoned by Tony that morning. Steve was sporting a semi-erection as he beat the hell out of the punching bag, willing it to go away. If Tony wanted nothing to do with him he'd have to get himself under control, but the memories assaulted his mind, he could still smell, still taste and feel Tony's body, his skin, his slick the musky male scent of him. Not for the first time Steve cursed his photographic memory.
“You think you're ready?” Steve asked in a strained voice. It was taking all his self control not to throw Tony down and take him hard and fast.
"I want more Tony." Steve ordered "Give it to me, suck my cock, make me come."
It had been a tiring week for Steve, some minor work for Shield paired with training some new agents and added in some public relations and he was ready for an nice weekend. Of course when you were Captain America and an Avenger having a real weekend was typically non existent, but this time there were no world ending crises that needed attending to. So Steve had a free weekend and he was very much looking forward to the available time.
“Ew it's moving!” Clint stated with a grimace.
It was obvious Steve had no idea how deliciously attractive he looked in the uniform, as he strutted around the tower as if everything were normal. How had Tony never noticed the level of sexy that was Steve Roger's super soldier body? Right back to existential crises. The first time Tony's cock grew hard looking at Steve had been...alarming. In his younger days Tony had dabbled in experimentation with his sexuality, it was the 80's while still considered a bit taboo, the act of doing something so inappropriate had been thrilling.
“No tricks wizard?” Thanos question and pulled the blade from Tony's side. He collapsed to the ground, gasping. Strange shook his head and with a wave of his hand produced the emerald time stone and offered it to Thanos. He smiled in triumph as he took the stone from Strange's offered hand and placed it onto the gauntlet. The energy, the power surged within him and Thanos shouted in glee. At that moment the Guardians had returned to the fight, Star Lord shouting at Thanos as he fired his sidearms, Drax wielded a blade, but Thanos merely waved them off in dismissal, he had no time for this anymore he opened a portal and stepped through disappearing. Quill cursed and flailed, kicking the dirt where Thanos had just stood.
“I-I know...” Tony replied breathlessly. He had never been kissed like that, he thought he had known passion, but that was beyond any kiss he had ever experienced before.
“Right well if you want something with actual food content.” Steve stated and pushed a plate towards Tony. “Plenty to go around.”
“Seriously? You are letting that excuse?-We have strict parameters Jarvis! I am not in any danger I can do this myself!” Tony argued hotly. Steve paused for a moment at the sight before him. Tony was propped up on a reclining sort of chair he was shirtless with a number of monitors attached to his arms and chest. The arc reactor in his chest was flickering in and out and it had a sizable crack running through it. Steve felt a stab of worry as he walked up to Tony...he had wanted to see this for so long, but under very different circumstances.
Their partnership hadn't started well, from the harsh words on the helicarrier and Tony's disregard for authority figures, it hadn't been the making of a great team bonding. That paired with Tony's personal hatred for Captain America for being the everything to his father that Tony could never be. Of course they had gotten over some of the early assumptions of one another, and Steve had been the one to try and make amends since Tony had nearly died to save them all.
Steve had been found, but he was finished fighting other men's wars. He had lost his best friend and now years later had lost all that he knew. He had been put up in chambers of his own and now here he was retired and getting back to his hobbies. Drawing, art it had always been a passion, and had earned him a little money back in the day, but he hadn't had the opportunity to study professionally. Lord Alexander Pierce had been a gracious host and had offered Steve anything to fulfill his needs for his sacrifice for the good of the realm and the kingdoms.
Sweat drenched and exhausted Tony had Steve pull out of him and he collapsed onto the bed to catch his breath. Steve looked over to the beautiful man, his eyes closed, mouth agape as he breathed in and out unevenly the dark gentle curls of his hair falling over his forehead. He committed the image to his memory to draw later, there had been several other images he wanted to drawn and keep forever in his private stash. Tentatively Steve reached his hand up and stroked his fingers along Tony's cheek to the carefully trimmed hair of his beard.
"We are far from strangers Tony. I never stopped thinking about you."Steve panted and kissed him again as he thrust harder into him. “Tony I want you to come for me." He ordered in a rough voice. “Touch yourself while I fuck you.”
Thor was still attempting to prevent the centipede from exiting its corner of the room, he held his hammer up high in a threatening stance. Steve closed his eyes too and just slowly breathed in and out as the utter exhaustion settled bone deep. The darkness enveloped him and he fell into a pleasant sleep.
Tony went back to the tower after his meeting with Pepper. He had taken the time to think it over and came to the conclusion that perhaps he had overreacted that morning. Steve was an understanding kind of guy maybe they could set some ground rules and take things slow. Once Tony arrived he asked Jarvis for Steve's location, and was directed to the gym.
With the rush of the pollen in his system Steve wasn't capable of thinking clearly he succumbed to the fiery need. The throb of his cock was too much for him to ignore, he needed to come, he had never had such an intense need to come in his life. Steve gasped and panted and began to moan wantonly as he thrust his hips, the obscene amount of precome he was already leaking was sufficient enough to create a sweet glide between the fleshy appendages.
Tony remarkably found that he was still hard which should have been impossible, but something in that pollen apparently had blessed both himself and Steve with no refractory period. Steve had sighed contently beneath him, even with Tony's cock still buried balls deep inside of him. The centipede pulled away, its own protruding shaft slid out of Tony, and it wriggled itself beneath Steve. It flipped with itself belly side up its pincers and gaping maw beneath Steve's own cock, its opposite end lifted up in front of Steve's face. The centipede's penis pulsed and throbbed while more fluid flowed freely from the tip.
“You're an insufferable little punk sometimes.” Steve said as he reached over and affectionately ruffled Tony's dark brown hair.
“Yes.” Steve admitted, his voice muffled against Tony's heated skin. “Another time. I promise I will tell you anything you want, but right now I-I need.” Steve ran his hand down Tony's chest and he nodded in understanding.
When Steve finally awoke and found he was in a coherent state he gazed around his immediate surroundings in confusion and alarm. It was dark now, and he was propped up in a medical bed, but when he moved to sit up further he found both his wrists held securely to the bed in restraints. He knew he was within Avengers tower as he recognized their medical center, but this room was different from the others. Only one section had a locking security door. Steve was locked within the quarantine zone.
“Not yet.” Steve breathed and he pulled his fingers from Tony's ass. Tony whimpered at the loss and searched Steve's face for a hint of what was next. Steve stood up and met Tony's lips with his own in an aggressive kiss. He pushed Tony backwards onto the bed. “Turn around Tony.” Steve commanded and Tony did so instantly. Much like their first time during his heat, Tony had hated this position for a long time and had refused to do so when not experiencing a cycle. Over time they had worked on the insecurities and the shame this position had brought, and now Tony didn't hesitate when Steve asked it of him.
“Last I knew you weren't even on speaking terms with him. Now you're saying you've fallen for him? Another man? After he kept the truth about Barnes murdering your parents from you?”
Steve reached a hand up and idly stroked Tony's arm and Tony leaned over for another kiss. They laid together slowly kissing, neither one wanting to break the spell, and return to what they had been before. To the hurt, the betrayal. Steve hadn't realized he fell asleep until the early morning light was filtering in the window, he cracked an eye open and found himself in an empty bed, but behind him he heard shuffling and closed his eyes again to feign sleep. He suspected that Tony was pulling his old tricks, and leaving before Steve had woken up, it was probably the safest option for them both. Talking would only lead to arguing again.
“So what now? It's just over? You fell in love with someone else?” She had asked, while holding back tears.
“Ooooh god!” Tony panted as he stroked himself faster, his arm moving rapidly, rubbing his hand over his cock.
Steve was surprised when Tony pushed him against the wall. His first thought was that Tony was going to blind side him, and he grabbed his shoulder to counter, but than Tony kissed him. That sent a pleasurable jolt through his stomach, and he moved his hands down Tony's chest to his waist pulling him in closer to deepen the kiss. Tony didn't quite understand where this was coming from the sudden need for Steve's hands on him, maybe he had just been alone too long. At the present moment he didn't really care, he parted his lips for Steve, letting him dominate his mouth with his tongue.
Steve would say and he would then grab Tony's hips and shove his massive length into him and start thrusting, pounding that super soldier dick into him repeatedly and Tony would love it.
“Clint you watch them and get them to medical. Thor, Hulk rally on my position and go through the debris.” He ordered them and ran into the wreckage. Thanks to the Hulk they were able to uncover several large chunks of concrete and pull Tony clear from the building. Steve's heart was hammering in his chest as he knelt down, his hand settling over the cracked glass of the dim arc reactor. Steve felt at a loss...he didn't know anything about Tony's tech which meant he didn't know how to help him. As if he were in a repeat of New York Steve only this time he was the one that ripped the faceplate from Tony's armor and gazed down at his pale unmoving face.
Tony was more than a little intimidated, he hadn't dabbled in sex with another man since his college years and Steve had certainly been enhanced...everywhere. He wasn't obscenely large, but it still looked like a lot to take. Steve seemed to read Tony's distress and touched his cheek and kissed his lips lightly.
“I'll see what my options are. This isn't a yes to stopping them completely, but we'll just see how things work out.” Steve smiled, and he leaned over to kiss Tony lovingly.
While he took himself in hand Steve tried not to think of anything or anyone in particular. He just needed to get this out of his system and he could relax a little. He was only a man after all, a man with needs. He certainly wasn't going to picture himself going down on Tony's cock, or think about how well Tony had fucked him from behind. There was no way he would picture the curve of Tony's long thick cock, or the heft and weight of it against his tongue as he had licked the solid length.
“I wouldn't say worse, it only exponentially multiplied the effects on you. If it had been anyone else, it only would have taken longer for them to reach the same point that you had.” Bruce explained gently. That really didn't make Steve feel any better. No matter how many times he was told that it could have been anyone else there was that simple fact... it hadn't been someone else. It had been him. The encounter with the bug he could deal with, but what he had done to Tony, his team-mate that was inexcusable. Even in Steve's muddled mind he heard Tony protesting. He told him no, but Steve had persisted and exposed Tony to the bug's pheromones rendering him incapable of controlling his own actions.
When he strolled into the lab Steve had merely spared a glance not wanting to bring too much unwanted attention to the device and instead hounded Tony for attempting to illicit a hulking out response from Dr. Banner. Their working relationship had been off to a fantastic start...sarcasm intended. At first when they had bickered back and forth Steve hadn't understood what had come over him other than the need to speak his mind and break Tony down in every feasible way possible. Attack his ego, make him vulnerable and expose him as a self serving narcissist.
“Fuck! Steve there! Right there again!” Steve took a moment to reposition and he found a good rhythm, their bodies rocking together. In response Tony arched his back and cried out with every snap of Steve's hips, driving his hard length deep into him. Tony dragged his nails down Steve's sweaty back, leaving deep marks against his fair skin while panting and groaning. Steve bent down to crash their lips together in a messy kiss as he pounded into Tony's tight ass, the brunette keening in response. The tight coil of heat spread in Steve's groin, he was close to shooting his load. “Steve.” Tony gasped. “I want...I want to try...hold on okay?” Steve stopped and felt a twinge of panic.
“Yeah you always say that. Stop it. You're talented.” Sam gave him a wave and exited the dining hall. Steve tapped his fingers on the hard polished oak in thought. Now he had to build up the courage to actually ask for a concubine to be sent to his room. Also if he wanted to pick or let Master Fury decide which to send. The question too did Steve want to draw a female or a male? He was fiercely inexperienced with women, and none of them had really paid him much attention until his physical body had changed from the alchemist's potion. Still the sudden attention had only made him feel more uncomfortable. Had he been a vain man he may have taken advantage of the women's advances long ago as his fellow soldiers had done, but Steve wanted more than a brief tumble. He wanted connection.
“Y-yes...I want to come so bad.” Steve keened.
“No...I guess not...but I like the excuse. Helps me justify so I don't feel like I'm taking shameless advantage of you.” Steve replied while setting his book down to run his own hands from Tony's wrists to his forearms that were currently bracketed on either side of him. Steve turned his head and pressed his lips lightly to Tony's. Tony smiled against him as they kissed gently, soft light movements of their lips together. Steve initiated things further by easing his hand up to cradle the back of Tony's head, his fingers carded through the soft dark hair, and he parted his lips to slip his tongue into Tony's mouth. There was a muffled moan from Tony as he allowed Steve access to him, and they deepened their kiss.
