Sam understood how Rebekah could keep up the pretense and let them believe mostly, even if it were for a time,
Austin blasted the shotgun, hitting the door.
“It’s angels and demons, probably.” Present Cas spoke up, causing Framingham to look at him and the angel looked back, showing his inexperience in speaking with humans. “They’re skirmishing all over the globe.”
These Winchesters were trying to prevent the Apocalypse, not start it!
” Dean said in German, looking up briefly at his brother for a moment, before going back to stitching her shoulder back up. “
“Yeah, it’s safe. I wouldn’t put any of you in danger and the past will be in peril if we wait any longer.” The seraph answered. “Thank you for doing this. I believe you three can alter history for the better.” Sam and Dean’s grandmother came back into the dining room. “Is that the angel, boys?” She asked them, amazed, and unsurprisingly, the legend of Castiel
The reporter said.
“I didn’t say that.” Sam replied.
“I just can't figure out how he’s doing it.” Dean said as he cut his brother free at the same time as the time-travelers cut their brother free. “Is the kid okay?” He asked, glancing over at them in concern.
“Seriously, you’re doing that right
“I’m throwing this out. I told you before you even got on that goddamn plane to
“There used to be twenty of us.” She elaborated, wishing she’d listened to the warning. The boys checked the room and realized that, excluding the six hunters, only ten remained.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
She nodded, smiling. “Here’s what we play for. When I win, you buy me dinner and tell me your life story.” She suggested. “I’d ask Henry over there, too, but you know…”
date. Plus, thanks to his slip-up and the improvisation that followed, they had to make sure to contact the present version of Castiel instead of the one from this time-period. He tried to put that worry out of his mind as he needed to tend to calm his older brother’s manic episode, or maybe it was a depressive episode this time.
people, though.
“Eat, for example. In this case, sleep. I just need like four hours once in a while, okay?”
“Put Sam back on, and you two can explain everything else in person.”
“How many?”
She was holding a gallon of water
“He’s not lying, Ellen.” Sam’s namesake said, coming to his aid. “No offense, but didn’t him, his brother, and sister tell you something would happen, and it did? It’d be stupid to not let them help.”
“So, what are you saying?” He asked.
Of course, it wasn’t Sam’s fault that his bipolar disorder had worsened in the past few years and refused to take his prescribed Lithium for since leaving college. His older brother would take it for a few years, then suddenly quit taking it for around the same time span, and the circle would repeat since he began attending American high schools.
“This is funny to you?” Raphael asked him, unpleasant and outrage in his demeanor toward Dean. “You’re living in a godless universe.”
I hope the online translator I used is accurate, if not then please let me know.
Rebekah muttered, looking toward him.
3 “But the hero Sam is—”
This chapter originally was meant to begin on episode one and found that a better introduction for my three characters would be episode two. I don’t have a lot of experience with writing Supernatural fanfics and I tend to not have a lot of luck with writing canon characters, but I’ll do my best. Now, as stated previously, the third person POV will mainly focus on Sam and Dean now.
(See the end of the chapter for
“If you don’t want us staying with you two, my siblings and I will go our own way to find Jo. I should inform you as well that I’m from the future and my namesake beside you,” Sam insisted with his puppy dog stare directly at Ellen, gesturing to the hunter he was named after, “will tell you that I’m not lying about knowing what’ll happen if you try to keep me here.”
Whether the kid knew it or not, he was helping Sam feel less alone in this cruel world.
“So one of the Four Horseman is making Jo think we’re demons?” Ellen asked, confirming what the two strange hunters were telling them, who nodded in unison. “They want us to fight each other?”
There were things he did that his grief couldn’t excuse, and now, that resulted in all four of those young adults having been accustomed to the hunting life since childhood. They were
Once more, the chapter will be broken into different parts if things go as planned for in my ADHD-ridden mind. This chapter was difficult to brainstorm for with coursework and studying amongst a few other things going on now.
now—”
“Yeah, I’m fine, dude. We’ll get out of here alive, okay?” He reassured the young man in a whisper. “My brother’s probably on his way and he’ll be here, too. I know it’s hard, but keep your head up, alright?”
“A call came in. Disturbance out at the Pump and Go on Route 4.”
The time-traveler looked at his namesake worriedly, then coming up with a plan on the spot. Whether it was smart or not was one thing, but the fact that he could protect his namesake overshadowed whether it was a good idea or not. He couldn’t allow himself to hesitate, for his namesake’s safety mattered more than his own.
“We are.” The angel answered.
Of course, not neglecting neither of them.
I have had a fascination with Germany, German history, and the culture of Germany since I was fourteen, and that's why I wanted German characters and intend to write them as respectfully as possible. I'm even learning German on the Duolingo app, so if any translations from Google on the original fic were wrong, I should be better at spotting any mistakes that the Google translator might have.
To clarify, Rebekah Kramer was originally, and still is somewhat, written as Jessica Moore parallel, though it’s become a lot more than that. I didn’t highlight the similarities the first time and I’m sorry for that.
to stay with Sam.” His friend urged with more worry, seeing Dean put his feet up on the bed, and begin to cover himself up. “I’ll keep you both safe, you don’t need to w—”
“Yeah. But we already got hailstorms and fire so I’m guessing blood can’t be too far behind.”
However, going in before their evening shift, Sam told her that he’d lock up for the night and told her that she should head out before that.
He offered her the last of his whiskey to wash it down and she was smart to not turn it down as she normally would. They knew that the others’, including Ellen and her daughter, didn’t trust them. Reasonably so, as they were here before the attack and had been prepared for it, understandably not blaming the other people for staying away from them warily.
In this time of searching, taking cases in the meantime, he learned more about the future. He got to know his namesake a bit better, who seriously looked older than twenty-four, which he said he was. He got to know Rebekah a bit more, who was the same age as her husband, though he wouldn’t mention that he hit on her once to Sam’s namesake.
Rebekah groaned. “Just stop bitching already.” She muttered.
5 “Dean is right; we will never let anybody hurt you.”
He shook his head with a frown. “With all due respect, the only way I get through life is through knowing what you’d do in a situation because you’re a good person and an upstanding hunter. I don’t mean to come off as worshiping you…It’s just…” He said quietly, trying to find the right words. “My dad taught me to always follow your morals, or else I give into my inherent evil. Why wouldn’t I want to aspire to be like somebody as ethical as you?”
“Stop it, boys!” She said firmly in her German accent. “You need to be ready when the angel to get here.”
Things don't go as planned when going out to find Jo. Sam and his time-traveler named after him end up getting caught and tied up by Rufus and Jo, who think they're demons. Dean, Ellen, and the two other time-travelers must figure out what do and save the two hunters in time. Now, the time-travelers' insight for what will happen in the future comes in handy, and they know what they must do.
Either way, the question of how Samuel could speak of non-familial people in such apathetic and flippant manner ran through his mind, but both tragedy and psychological trauma could change people. By his description and implication, he seemed to deal with people who harmed him or his family by harming them, or God, even
Translations:
He ran his finger along the blood of the deceased demon, collecting a little bit on it on his finger, contemplating it. The kid looked over at him, unexpectedly concerned.
“I’ll have to check his stitches and see. Sammy should be fine outside of that.” The older kid answered, glancing at his brother tensing whilst getting up. “Are you
Not offended at all, Rebekah smiled.
“Uh-huh. You blow into town last week with your German cousin, leave out of nowhere and come back the next day,” she elaborated, “you don’t talk to anybody, you’re obviously highly educated. You’re like this...”
. She exited out of her
Instead the writing shown didn't reflect all that I wanted to show, and like my freshman college English professor said, “show, don’t tell.” This will show more than tell and does Chuck get a redemption arc? I promise all of you it won't be like the train-wreck (in my opinion) that season 15 was.
Life back then was far simpler when the world wasn’t in danger of ending, or like when Lucifer wasn’t back on Earth. Aside from being arrested and charged with various crimes, problems were usually of the supernatural nature, like this current problem was. Comparing to Lucifer, finding the spell to summon Azazel or figuring out how to trap a reaper was nothing.
“Away from you? No. This
Her husband let out of an irritable groan. “Shit. We need to help him dispose of the bodies.” He recalled in annoyance under his breath as dealing with dead bodies were to be expected on the job. “Come on.” He said, going inside the back entrance and he heard their footsteps behind them.
He started taking his older three on hunts precisely starting at age nine, with the ghost cases. Samuel started going on vampire cases at age twelve, werewolf cases at age thirteen, and eventually demon cases at age fifteen. Emma and Dean’s namesake started around the same pace as Samuel, though he tried to protect Danny by not taking him on hunts when he was young.
This will be written in third person, focusing on the boys’ figuring out who these mysterious hunters are. Hope the quality of this one surpasses the lackluster quality of the original.
“And he still has eyes?” Dean asked. “Alright, what’s the plan?”
“Dean, it’s like they said. It’s not demons.” He said as the time-travelers rushed toward their brother, a bit bruised and bloodied up, and Sam was starting to worry about the boy. “It’s War,” him and his brother said in unison.
Emma shook her head. “Why would Michael or Castiel only answer Sam and Dean’s prayers?” She asked him, dumbfounded. “He’s not the hero Dean, so Castiel would be less inclined to answer, and just because Michael’s answered Sammy the last few times doesn’t mean—”
Rebekah seemed to think for a moment further. “I like it.”
and say I’m not called by my first name anymore.”
Her and Sam shrugged their shoulders and appeared to agree.
Updated authors note:
The three of them coincidentally nodded at the same time.
Rebekah reached her hand up to her husband’s shoulders, with a look of worry on her face.
“Shit.” Emma muttered, unable to find one near her, and she couldn’t believe what she had to do
Sorry this is another episode broken into parts, but I won’t make it as long as the last one was. It’s been insanely busy lately, so I’ll try to get the next update on soon!
“This has
“Well, I don’t! What am I supposed to do defend myself?”
“What are you looking for?” Dean questioned his brother. “You think I’m just giving up?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Rufus poured salt on Sam’s face and into his mouth.
“It’s been so damn long since I’ve seen you kids.” Their grandfather said with relief in his voice, breaking the tension as the four of them sat in the living room, in a slightly German accent, and appearing a bit surprised by two silver drop hop cross earrings in Danny had on, yet not saying anything about it. “I wish it wouldn’t be like this, though.”
“I’m sorry.” Dean apologized. “Are you all right, Rebekah? I’m about halfway done.” She nodded, feeling the stinging feeling fading, thanks to the Vicodin and whiskey.
Authors note (2\23\21):
“No, not at all. Michael is much more powerful.” The angel answered. “It’ll be far worse for you.”
“My apologies.” The angel said, then stepped back.
He thought in horror, glancing down at the ‘demon,’ then looking over at Rebekah who didn’t seem to notice.
instead. Thus, allowing them to save Lindsay, and Sam wished that he could fill her in on everything. She wouldn’t believe him, and it would put a dent in the plan, and furthermore put her at risk.
Jo splashed Sam in the face, and he spit out a mouthful of water.
“Oh, so, we’re back to revenge, then, are we? Yeah, ‘cause that worked out so well last time.”
“Please. Last week, this was Mayberry.” The Horseman replied. “Now these people are stabbing each other’s children.”
“Rebekah, do you need to lay down?” She asked.
I have done a lot of research for this story and have been hesitant to post it, for I want to make sure I wrote my German main characters accurately. If I made any mistakes with either portrayal, please let me know and I will fix it. Any constructive criticism is welcome and please let me know what you guys think. I sincerely hope that the portrayals are accurate and are not offensive in any shape or form. If there are any grammar errors, please let me know and I can fix them.
Dean and Rebekah face-palmed at the same time.
“Well, I hear differently.” The angel said. “And if it’s true and if you are still set on the insane task of killing the devil, this is how we do it.”
Somebody spoke up and it was the older Wolff brother’s soft German accent.
His namesake looked uncomfortable with him
Now that Sam and Dean have gone their separate ways for a few days, both accompanied by one or two time-travelers, they learn more about the future and a few of their secrets slip. The time-travelers named after them, now called D and Samuel, alongside the ever attractive and mysterious Rebekah, tell them things that the boys now wish they didn’t know about the future.
Sam sighed in his mind.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dean and Rebekah thought after that fight, Sam’s namesake would be reluctant and even angry at their insistence to come along. Only Sam, though, didn’t give up on his namesake changing his mind. They knew he was persuasive and could easily guilt trip just about anybody to make things go his way with the gift of puppy dog eyes he had. If the oldest Winchester brother wanted something badly, then he got it, no matter what he had to do to get it with a drawing a moral line when it came to his family.
He pleaded in his mind, second guessing himself, and unlocked the back entrance. Dean and Rebekah, who fortunately looked uninjured, walked through it. “They didn’t get to you guys, did they?” He asked quickly.
“No, I’d never consent to being Lucifer’s meatsuit, and nor would I intentionally put my namesake in danger. I couldn’t tell him right away because w…we were in public, and I…I’m terribly sorry for this misunderstanding.”
Samuel knew that his namesake took issue with his preferred method of protecting those he cared about, yet he felt that he couldn’t allow himself to be negligent toward his namesake. He also knew that especially Dean and Rebekah took issue with that method, and he had to explain himself to his namesake, who didn’t understand him that well.
“Only your dad and brother knew?”
“Can you take what’ll happen to you seriously?” Sam argued with more concern and ambition in his voice. “Can’t you see that you can avoid it? We’ll be able to stop them better if we’re not apart!”
As he diligently worked, getting drinks for the few customers inside and wiping off the bars, Sam noticed that the two of them were arguing over something in German before they both seemed to calm down. He noticed D was about to leave the bar and approached them.
Dean and his namesake spoke at the same time, then glanced at each other.
Aside from the grammar, I’ve been working on developing my characters better, and I hope that I’ve developed decent and interesting enough original characters. This story is a bit of a mess because of the inconsistent direction, slightly late developing characters, amongst other things, so if anybody has any tips or suggestions, it’s very much welcomed here.
Sam paused for a moment upon heading toward the empty front desk and grabbed a couple of plastic bags for putting the cans of rock salt in. He knew that time-travel was possible through angels, but what did the kid mean by being named after him?
Lindsay laughed. “Keith Sam?” She asked. “Man, I’m sorry.”
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Who the hell are you?” He demanded.
“Sure. This is the number to reach you, right, Rebekah?”
The kid interrupted his apology with a sympathetic look on his face. “Why would you be the blame?” He said with confusion and empathy in his voice. “You didn’t know when I’d be born and you had no control over Azazel’s resurrection, or his plans to groom me as your successor.”
Unfortunately, the name Samuel didn’t have a lot of different nickname options, so the younger kid suggested either the full form of his first name or the middle name he couldn’t stand more, which was Henry. Out of the two options, the boy chose to be called Samuel, unless they had to hide their identities.
who undoubtedly had a gift for pissing people off. Not many people had the patience to tolerate Sam in the long-term in the first place, which is why these Winchester’s couldn’t have nice things like hunter contacts and allies outside of the family.
“Well, at least they can’t get in here,” he said reluctantly, putting the salt canister back on the sidewall table, and picking up the other bag, “not that I don’t enjoy you kids being here, it’ll be best if you deal with the demons back in America.”
“But there’s no other explanation. He’s gone for good.” Raphael said.
“You work in a bar.” He pointed out.
“Yeah. Gas station. Why you’re here, isn’t it?”
“What’s so funny?” Present Cas asked, confused.
I have done a lot of research for this story and have been hesitant to post it, for I want to make sure I wrote my German main characters accurately. If I made any mistakes with either portrayal, please let me know and I will fix it. Any constructive criticism is welcome and please let me know what you guys think. I sincerely hope that the portrayals are accurate and are not offensive in any shape or form. If there are any grammar errors, please let me know and I can fix them.
What made Dean think it was okay to put himself in danger like this? If none of them knew about this, then he would be thrown into the post-apocalyptic 2014 without warning! Why was he should be damn careless about his own life and insistent about saving Sam’s, like his own life didn’t matter? It
Dean laughed. “You know, it’s kind of funny. Talking to a messenger of God on a cellphone.” He said humorously. “It’s, you know, like watching a Hell’s Angel ride a moped.”
The hero Sam’s eyes widened in surprise when he mentioned his evil.
After Sam calmed down and tried to think of an alternative plan, another question came to mind,
The boy looked remorseful as he nodded.
Samuel nodded. “I’ll give you the oversimplified version. I killed Reggie and the hero Sam killed Tim when he was trying to strangle me to death.” He explained stoically, as somebody attempting to strangle him to death was nothing new or unexpected. “She’s okay, just probably needs institutionalized somewhere for a few weeks.”
“Demons lie.” The hero Sam lied.
She rolled her black eyes. “Yeah, right.” She said dryly, then looking toward the direction in front of them, where a male figure stood. “Rufus, over here! We got three of them.” Jo said, gesturing for him to help her out.
at the tall kid, wondering what he meant, and it sounded to be an odd way to comfort his sister as they arrived at the church. Ellen turned around before going inside, looking at the three hunters in behind them. “You both okay?” She asked, looking specifically at the younger two siblings.
His namesake rushed in one direction, and he and Rebekah followed behind while Ellen when in another direction. Now that they knew where Sam and his namesake were, then they could take care of War.
“Real big. Same night. Wednesday.” He continued.
Then it sounded as if a car passed present Cas by.
Dean glanced over at the two of the time-travelers from a distance.
There was a sporting goods store on the near side of the street and the far end seemed to be residential. Unexpectedly, but not surprisingly, they found a blue Sedan with two doors overturned and discovered to be empty.
Dean noticed in the details that John’s brother emulated about every aspect of his parenting on those four kids and driven by a similar obsession. His namesake tensed at the mention of ‘drastic parenting decisions,’ even more after those decisions required Klaus to apologize for whatever he did to his kids.
“I’m Dean Winchester, and that’s my brother, Sam.” His brother’s namesake answered, then skeptically looking at his brother’s namesake. “Is that seriously your real name, dude?”
I'm just gonna have them spread out instead.
“You got his gun?” He asked, turning around to the girl for a moment.
That didn’t sound like such a bad idea, though. No, this wasn’t the time.
his love in these two boys only seeing the roles reversed. “If you’re confident about your preparations as you seem to be, act on them now. Ellen and Jo Harvelle will die if you’re not careful.”
Dean raised his eyebrow. “How’d you meet him then?” He asked.
They hadn’t seen their grandparents, Dan and Angelika Winchester, at all in ten years when their father moved the family to America to hunt down the son of a bitch. It felt strange stepping their feet into a country they didn’t think they would see again, and they felt like foreigners in the country they never got to know that well.
Dean Winchester’s namesake wasn’t an impulsive person by nature and him normally thought all his decisions, but he put his foot in his mouth this time. He had to admit a detail that they wanted to keep hidden, mentioning an angel told them. He prayed nobody would ask which angel he was talking about.
The three hunters sat at the table, and Samuel brought over three beers, pulled over a fifth seat to join them. Suspiciously, the younger Winchester didn’t protest him joining them, and he stood out like a sore thumb especially amongst fellow hunters. Though the thought wasn’t expressed by any of the three hunters aloud, Samuel looked more like a university student trying too hard to fit in at a school full of rich kids.
“I’ll be fine, Sam, I know how to hunt.” Rebekah said worriedly in her Californian accent, twirling her curly brown locks out of nervousness. “We still have to decide on our aliases and what my cover is. I assume you’ll tell them the truth about being brothers.”
“I can only take two of you on one trip and one on another.” He said.
“Um. Why don't I get you guys some drinks?” Sam suggested, then turning over to Samuel. “
a bad thing? The hero Sam didn’t believe his own morals shouldn’t be taught? Samuel thought it was insane that the most moral code he knew of and was personally taught to follow, or else he would become evil, was something his namesake didn’t encourage to pass on. That’s what it sounded like to the young man anyways. Maybe he was just being modest.
“You’re saying you and my namesake didn’t do what Heaven or Hell wanted you to do in the end, and they used us as a second chance to make things go the way they want?” D clarified, and Sam nodded, picking up his cup of coffee and taking a sip. “Even if it were true, neither of you are to blame.” The younger Winchester composed himself and drank from his cup of coffee. It would be bad if Lucifer, or any angels (Castiel aside) and demons overheard them. His youthful older brother looked at his namesake in concern as D picked up his cup of coffee.
“Hey. Relax.” He tried to assure the angel.
Danny glared at her more harshly. “Seriously, Emma, how do I defend myself?” He demanded.
the fact. His siblings, and especially his father, were broken in vastly different ways, and coped with stress in various unhealthy ways.
He should’ve known that the boy named after his brother would have a trick up his sleeve.
“Oh, how was it?”
“I’ll get the salt. You get the guns.” Sam’s namesake told his brother, then turning to him, surprisingly. “If you could be a look out in the store, that would be great, man.”
“There aren’t any demons in town, are there?” Sam asked, taken aback from what the Horseman said about what was on the young man’s mind. It couldn’t be what he suspected it was.
“Tell me everything else. I’m not dealing with more secrets.” He snapped at them.
to get me back into hunting and for re-releasing Lucifer.”
Most people wouldn’t pride themselves on having a reputation of being feared, monsters and hunters alike, nor would they see fear used to keep others safe. He knew that most people also wouldn’t understand why he considered fear to be a way of keeping people, even hunters who hated him and his family, safe.
“I…I’ll see you soon.”
Sam learned that Samuel was bipolar on the same day upon arriving and that the kid took prescribed Lithium, but he would be out the next day. He asked the time-traveler what dosage he took and wondered if this was what it was like to have a younger brother.
“I’ll be back.”
, had suspected him of neglecting and psychologically abusing his kids for years. Eventually CPS thought he was physically abusing them, too, as the years of hunting came without stop, even as scars became old and new ones appeared. Mostly, they moved from one motel to another, and it was the same for school. Klaus relied upon credit card fraud and hustling pool, poker, and darts in bars for money. Sometimes he didn’t give his kids enough money to survive on as he was frequently out, leaving Samuel or Emma in charge of their siblings.
Sam felt helpless and pathetic after Dean quickly checked his still intact stitches. He never really had to rely on his younger brother
17 “One more thing, Sammy.”
she thought tensely, running her hand through her hair.
“So, your parents were drunk when they named you and you shoot Bambi?” She asked him, then glancing at the time-traveler. “Your middle name is Samuel and that’s his first name, too?”
“Because that’s how you become President.” He remarked.
“What, you mean when you were all hopped up on demon blood?”
“We were ambushed by people who thought we were demons. We thought they were demons, too.” The older kid spoke up with remorse, with neither of them not retreating to their little corner on the other side of the room. “They grabbed Sammy, and we tried to save him…” He couldn’t finish his sentence.
EDITED
By the time Emma and Danny Winchester boarded their flight and arrived at their grandparents home a few hours later in Berlin, Germany, they were informed of Sam, Dean, and Rebekah’s trip into past. Emma and Danny found the story how the three of them ran into Castiel, who escaped from 2020, and went into the past with him to change the truth
“You think I’m a monster. I’m jello shots at a party.” War said flippantly, unbothered by Sam’s arguments. “I just remove inhibitions.”
“Oh, we know.” Dean said confidently, then glancing back at the younger kid in confusion for a moment. Sam slammed War’s right hand against the Mustang, and cut all four of his fingers off, and the ring clinked on the pavement.
“You better not have demon blood in here, Emma.” He said firmly as he set the dark purple duffel bag on the floor and leaned down to unzip it. She visibly tensed as he pulled out a blue tumbler cup and opened it up. “Oh shit.” Danny muttered as he walked over to grab his dark blue duffel-bag, then coming right back over quickly. Their grandfather opened it up and gave her a stern look, showing her the blood in the hard-plastic cup.
Dean tries to take present Cas out to a brothel to get his friend to relax and ignores his own feelings toward the angel and concern for Cas’s life. They plan to trap Raphael at sunrise and spend tonight together.
--------------------------------------------------------------
“And which one rides the red horse?”
If Heaven or any angels truly cared about him, which they clearly didn’t, would they have stopped Ruby? He hated to admit it that he missed her and by her twisted intentions and strange ways she showed care for him, did that mean they were good-intentioned to her?
“Alright, listen to this. ‘And upon his rising there shall be hail and fire mixed with blood.’ They can explain it better than me, but uh, it’s related to the Apocalypse.”
Updated authors note 2\23\21:
“Thirty, forty, in all-out kill-or-be-killed combat?” The deputy answered.
tab on her iPhone and scrolled to her contact simply called “Messenger,” and clicked call on the person’s name.
“Where’s Sam and the kid?” He asked.
“Come on, Sam, you had to.” His brother reasoned.
The older hunter would’ve chuckled at the irony, but the kid being a law school nerd aside, how does his college girlfriend get involved in all of this. Unless it involved…
Updated authors note (12\11\20):
Samuel thought, wishing he could intervene right now.
Anyhow, I decided to deviate a bit and throw in Sam’s POV on the time-traveler who defended his actions since I’ve mostly focused on Dean and Castiel’s perspectives. I should have focused more on his perspective more in the last couple of chapters instead of zeroing in on Dean and Cas’ profound bond, so my apologies there.
Both lay their heads on the table, using extra jackets they brought for just in case, thankfully they didn’t have to use and get blood on. Sam and Rebekah were tired of walking around looking like they barely survived a bloodbath, and they were beyond worn out.
“I don’t care what they said! I’m not leaving without them, Dean.” Sam, as it seemed his name was. “We can’t fix the past with just the three of us. I’m already concerned enough with Rebekah coming along.”
“You can’t pick up a phone? What are you, allergic to giving me peace of mind?” She asked incredulously, clearly upset. “I got to find out that you’re alive from Rufus?”
“Yeah, you too, Sammy.”
“That happen recently?” Dean asked.
“Dean, hey, I—”
Sam had gone his separate ways with Dean a week ago, and both were accompanied by at least one of the three time-travelers. He assumed that his older brother resumed hunting while he tried to settle himself into a normal life and had plenty of questions for the time-traveler named after him, who had been on vague on a few questions.
“But that doesn’t explain why they’re not here, Danny.” Emma said in more confusion, shoving her ebony black floppy bangs identical to Sam’s away from her face and the blue eyes she also shared with him shown worry for them. “Maybe we could try praying to him, or maybe Castiel is on call, too?”
Dean’s namesake and her sighed as he began telling them snippets of his childhood, including brief explanations. Their father, Klaus Winchester, was one of the twins born to their father’s younger brother, Dan, thus making them distant cousins of Sam and Dean.
“Yes, sir.” She answered instinctively, leaning down, and zipping the bag back up.
“You look like you need it, Danny.” she said, handing the bottle of beer to him, and he took it.
“I believe he’s out there.” His friend replied.
Sam and Dean. They’re hunters, too. Here to help.” Ellen stated the awkward introduction, glancing at the Wolff siblings in the back, skeptical about their motives.
Shaking his head, the kid looked back up at Sam uncomfortably, like he was resisting an urge. The younger Winchester looked around for the other demon, momentarily distracted by his concern for the young man, who jumped him from behind.
“Yeah, he takes after your Uncle John.” Dan answered bitterly with a scoff, then began to head toward the kitchen, and glanced at his granddaughter. “I’m dumping this blood in the sink, Emma. Don’t bring anymore here, or it’s getting dumped, too.”
The boys shook their heads.
His brother’s voice brought him back to reality, and unsurprisingly, his namesake looked back at hearing the nickname. “Huh?” Sam said quietly, shaken out of his mind, as he looked at Dean. “What did you say?”
Good thing they weren’t entirely sober, thanks to the beers.
“You put Sam in danger, and you could be Lucifer for all I know! Are you?”
The Winchester brothers didn’t expect to hear that the tall kid’s name was Sam and the brother him and his sister, Rebekah, was named Dean. If they believed in coincidences, it would ironic that their last name started with ‘w’ as well. Sam insisted that they stop and take a break somewhere safe while him and Dean would go find their brother, but both
As always, thank you for reading, subscribing, and bookmarking this story. I apologize for not focusing enough on Dean’s perspective, regarding Sam trusting Ruby and being manipulated into releasing Lucifer. I admit that I accidentally focused too much on Sam’s perspective regarding this, so this first part (and the next) should remedy that mistake on my part.
He heard pounding on the door, and the knocking persisted.
“—omnis immundum—”
“What do you think it is?” Tim mocked him. “It’s go juice, Sammy boy.”
Rebekah was silent, apparently deep thought when the grandmother spoke up toward her.
They hoped future Cas would be able to reason him out of not teaming back up with Sam again.
What was Samuel like before he changed? If he even changed at all, that is. As far as Sam knew, the kid could’ve been like this before his father went off the rails, based on the vague details Dean had told him of about Samuel’s childhood.
“Maybe, but it’s pretty random.” He went on.
“No, wait, wait, wait.” Sam insisted, fearfully.
“Just—stresses of the job. You know how it is.” Sam answered tensely, vaguely, then changed the subject. “Kind of surprised, you and Jo hunting. Weren't you always saying she couldn’t hack the life?”
Samuel knew that Tim would pull out the vial of demon blood and he tried to shield himself from looking at it, but he gulped when he first saw it.
The guy opened the door, and the boys headed out with the three Wolff siblings following them. “Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on.” Dean said, stopping at the foot of the stairs, looking at Sam and three hunters who invited themselves.
Samuel scoffed and glared at his younger brother. “
“Oh, Steve’s good, he’s, uh, his guts are lying roadside outside the Hawley Five and Dime.”
Dean answered with heavy worry in his tone, noticing Sam’s namesake approach. “
He thought, not pleased with the time-traveler now, who glanced at him like a kicked puppy, then turning to the other three hunters.
I worried while writing the original that I could’ve been writing an inaccurate portrayal of what that experience is like, and that the information I read had been fully factual. I’ll update the original statement below in the other five parts of the story as well.
“Yeah. Ellen.” Sam answered.
I just wish that I had more time to write and post updates more frequently.
“Okay, all right. I’m—I’m telling you, Cas, the mooks have melted down the gun by now.”
Danny leaned back in the dining room chair, visibly struggling to unwind. “If you have enough, can you get me an
“My younger brother with you right now. From what he told me, our dad died on a hunt a couple of years ago, and Dean sold his to bring him back. I had no idea that my dad died in the first place, and by the time I found out, my brother was given two years…When I found out that he’d already been…He was already back. Nobody had to sell their souls because the Archangel Michael brought him back a days later, and my family meant well…But they left me not knowing a fucking thing! Not even my twin, Emma, or youngest brother, Danny knew.”
More panicked than earlier, ‘Roger’ was more fearful.
“Same.” D and Rebekah spoke up in unison.
“—omnis immundus—”
“I mean there were times when I was looking for my dad when all logic said that he was dead,” Dean elaborated, “but I knew in my heart he was still alive. Who cares what some ninja turtle says, Cas, what do you believe?”
Finally, the final part. Once more thank you for reading this, leaving kudos, commenting, subscribing, and bookmarking my story. Well, I made a mistake. Ellen and Jo don’t die in this episode, so I’ll write it as a miscalculation in the story, and they have more time to save the Harvelle’s.
“Rebekah and I should never have left L.A. and postponed taking the bar exams! I put up with
“Where are you?”
The older Winchester turned around and present Cas was inches from him. Honestly, the closer the angel was to him, the more tempting it was to do things he didn’t want to think about. He had forgotten all about this as he’d been worried about Sam this whole time.
Dean was in bed and he knew that his brother and the time-travelers wouldn’t let him be, just for a little while. Of course, it was because that winged dick Zachariah posed a threat, but right now, all he wanted was a few hours of sleep.
“I guess I'm a little numb to the earth-shattering revelations at this point.”
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
If they would go on the hunt, it ran too much of a risk that they would be outnumbered, too much of a drive back and forth between here and Tully, and the three hunters wouldn’t accept two total strangers’ help. It made perfect sense, although the collateral damage clearly meant nothing to Samuel, who moved on with his own plan for that evening.
He noticed his namesake staring at it, and asked with fear in his voice, “What’s that?”
Sam looked at the three of them with disbelief, they were odd people, even odder than him and Dean. He lay his head back on the chair, deciding to wait until the two boys in the back calmed down to tell them. “Stop making it look like we’re the assholes, Sam! Jesus Christ, you’re driving me insane.” D yelled at his brother, and the younger Winchester instinctively looked back at the mention of his name. “Can you blame us with how irritating you’re being right now?!”
“Whoa, hold on.” His namesake protested. “Can I talk to you for a second?”
“Alright. You stay. We’ll go.” His younger brother said toward Ellen.
The Horseman stood up and put his glasses back on.
a rogue angel and remain so, according yourself decades from now, even assisting in those humans’ attempt to change the present. Remember, I will find them and take them to Michael also.”
Sam paused, realizing something important and it angered him. “You don’t want me going out there,” He said incredulously, “and you want them to make sure I don’t go out since they know something about this.”
Meanwhile in the car, D and Rebekah were asleep in the backseat of the car, and the younger Winchester himself was starting to get tired. Samuel offered to drive for awhile and he moved over to the backseat. “Are you alright? I noticed your arms have burn scars and track marks all over them.” Sam said in concern, and the boy sighed as he ran one of his free hands through his hair before putting it back on the wheel. “You don’t have to, uh, tell me if you don’t want to.”
Maybe it was because Samuel reminded Dean so much of his brother.
Was he seriously
As for the original statement:
“Yeah, why wouldn’t you try to sneak it in where they could easily find it?”
The older kid nodded. “It’s true; you ask my namesake here or Sammy’s namesake when we find him” He said, calmly and confidently. “Why else would we know about what happens in the future?”
“Good. Then go find him.”
Being twenty-six and being treated more like a sixteen-year-old felt absolutely humiliating, insulting, and like his previous accomplishments meant nothing. Did they truly see him as a reckless kid who couldn’t be trusted to not get himself hurt? He was aware of Dean and Rebekah’s concern for him, knowing that he immensely worried them today, though obviously not by choice. They weren’t trying to treat him any younger than his age, but it still made him feel small compared to his and Dean’s namesakes.
3 “Listen, you're alright, Sam. Nobody will want to harm you.”
“Hey, are you guys okay?” The younger Winchester asked.
He thought irritably, feeling like throwing the damn thing.
“Okay.” He said quietly.
This was just how his mind worked, and he didn’t sugarcoat any of his reasoning. Although the kid
“His name is Castiel, from what he told us. I know you probably think we’re lunatics, but we know there’s serious shit going on. Lucifer’s been accidentally risen, and he must be either killed or put back in the Cage in Hell at the very least.” He said honestly and sincerely, hoping that his namesake would feel better. “No blame should be placed on whoever did it; nobody deserves condemnation for trying to do the right thing, even if they were manipulated with impure intentions in doing so.”
Both were feeling hopeless and that they wasted their money flying back to Germany, or not questioning their father’s order. Sam was usually the one who questioned his orders, even under serious circumstances, but he was understandably too much in shock to question it.
For a second, Sam thought he noticed a few burn scars on the kid’s arms and track marks as Samuel became nervous, noticing his namesake seeing arms, turning around to put on the black and pink stripped shirt and buttoning it up whilst Rebekah put on the other shirt he gave him. Sam felt an immediate concern for the boy, seeing the scars and track marks, and decided not to bring it up whenever the two time-travelers came inside, given the lack of privacy as he and D walked inside the diner. He would bring it up later, though, in private.
“Yeah, Samuel, but you’re not me. You have to decide what you want to do with your life, and how you do things. It’s not up to me how you want to live your life.” The hero Sam explained with the righteousness about freewill the boy had been taught since childhood. “It’s good you’re open to improving, you know.”
“Guys! Please stop talking about me like I’m five. I’m the same age as you, Sam,” Rebekah said with her face red, obviously embarrassed by Sam and Dean’s overly protective ways, “and I’m not some helpless damsel in distress. I can protect myself when I have to.”
He heard the sympathy and kindness in the kid’s tone when addressing that part of his admission, like he knew what it felt like to screw up as badly as he did. It was like the kid intended that message for him, like he
Emma got up and put her wallet away and double-checked her dress pocket to make sure her canteen full of holy water was there and slipped on her black pointy-toed flats by the door. “Sure.” She said with a faint smile as she put on her trench coat, then heading out toward the door, involuntarily wincing before stepping over the salt line as she usually did for the past few years, and Danny didn’t comment, knowing her insecurity regarding that aspect of her demonically modified body. “I’ll keep my phone on, and keep you posted if I see anything.”
Updated authors note (11\25\20)
The pregnant woman gasped, and the pastor raised a shotgun.
He saw his and Sam’s namesakes stand up, and they noticed him approaching.
“What the hell did War mean about asking about the kid’s blood, Sam?” Dean asked his brother and seeing his brother sigh. “What’s wrong with the kid? It can’t mean—”
His older sister rolled her eyes. “You’re starting to sound as bitchy as Sammy.” She remarked dryly, then spoke in a matter-of-fact tone. “In defense of Germany, why do you think America has so many mass shootings and there’s so little of them here?”
wanted it to be, with no regard for humanity. “So, what, God dies and makes you the boss and you decide you can do whatever you want?” He demanded.
your drill sergeant. Don’t mistake me for your dad.” He told them more firmly. “He shouldn’t
D's merely resembles the attire Sam and Dean were on the show, and he outwardly shows a distinctive personality, but doesn't like drawing attention to himself and prefers to blend in with his surroundings. He doesn't care about what people perceive his appearance, like Emma, but she'd need something better than just flannel.
“Sorry don’t cut it, Sam.”
“What if we just said that Rebekah graduated from secondary school early and got accepted into a university, so she had more time away from hunting than you?”
7 “You’ve been treating me as if I’m your needy little brother. Are you honestly that worried to project your fears on to me?”
As for the original statement:
Emma didn’t believe torture was moral, even on a demon who deserved it, and Sam took pleasure in inflicting torture on a non-human monster who deserved it. She didn’t like how he screwed with people’s heads and drew out their fears, all for creating a daunting reputation that he believed kept their family safe, whilst she believed that it did the exact opposite of what he wanted to do.
Whenever they weren’t in their respective motel rooms, Samuel watched him out of the corner of his eye with visible worry, like somebody would come in any second to kill his namesake without warning. Something was seriously scaring the kid, outside of what he already told the older-looking hunter, and he would find out one way or another.
“I’d like coffee with as much caffeine as possible.” Samuel said.
I have done a lot of research for this story and have been hesitant to post it, for I want to make sure I wrote my German main characters accurately. If I made any mistakes with either portrayal, please let me know and I will fix it. Any constructive criticism is welcome and please let me know what you guys think. I sincerely hope that the portrayals are accurate and are not offensive in any shape or form. If there are any grammar errors, please let me know and I can fix them.
“Not you, too, Rebekah! Jesus fucking Christ, my siblings are rubbing off on you more than I thought.” He complained irritability as he snorted. “Anyways, what last name are we gonna use? I prefer our real one, so whatever we come up with must start with ‘w.’ It’ll be easier to remember that way.”
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(See the end of the chapter for
“What do you want to do about it?”
“At least that’s better than death.” She said, letting out a sigh of relief. “Where’s your namesake at, Sam?”
“I used to be in business with my brother. Truth is I was pretty good at the job. But...I made some mistakes, I did some stuff I'm not so proud of, and people got hurt. A lot of people.” Sam admitted. “Including my two cousins here.”
He appeared to be around twenty-three or twenty-four, or perhaps closer to twenty-two, depending on who one asked.
“Sammy, are you okay?”
Is there a chance that Jack could still be alive?
“Sammy, grab Samuel and get to Woodstock, Illinois. I’ll text you the address.”
13 “Then what do you do when you spot a perceived vulnerability in your victim?”
“It is. Thanks.”
“Yeah.”
“Oh shit, we left our guns back in the States! Why does Germany have such strict gun laws? Doesn’t our government care about letting people protect themselves?” Danny complained with a groan, feeling naked without his pistol in his black and gray camouflage jeans pocket, and he was sure Emma felt the same way. “How are we supposed to do anything?”
Sam scoffed, glaring at her back. He could easily overpower her, but he knew he’d hurt her if he did. When he tended go all out on somebody, it usually turned out violent and bloody.
When she’d been away for a few years after turning eighteen, she’d allied herself with a demon, but not just any demon. Ruby, of all demons! Somehow back to life and putting herself on the right side of the war this time around, Ruby lent her a hand in acquiring demon blood and kept Emma in the loop for what was going in the Apocalypse.
“Horseman?”
What do you guys think of the updated chapter?
about this. “What are they up to?”
Sam threw all three darts into the center of the target as he noticed Samuel put his book down, and came over closer to the TV, with concern that was quickly masked up.
In short, the Winchester family was vehemently hated in America because of the murders and other crimes the original controversial hunting legends Sam and Dean Winchester were accused of. Their two older grandsons had it the worst being named after them, although they considered it an honor and Sam practically advertised their family’s ancestry.
As for why I’ve decided to diverge from following the episode plots as closely as possible, that’s because the chapters of when I did that, proof reading that format felt uninspired. I’m not gonna diverge too far from the episodes, of course.
“Not enough, Dean. I’m fine, my shoulder is just dislocated.” The kid answered slightly irritably as him and his siblings began following her and boys. “You should look at Rebekah’s wounds first, one of those bastards almost dug a knife in her shoulder and knocked her into some broken glass.”
I have only one part left to write of this episode, and I need to figure out how to write out the episodes (with alterations) without having to divide it into three or four parts like this. I don’t want my writing to seem rushed or write the tone of the emotional tone of the original episode too carelessly and flippantly. I hope that I kept the tone of the episode as is and didn’t diminish any of the important moments.
As for the original statement:
“Who’s this?”
“Anyways, Sam,” Tim continued as if the younger hunter weren’t in the room, turning to his namesake, “Something you want to tell me? Must be important if you got pretty boy here covering your ass.”
He let himself get kidnapped and tortured by a brainwashed Jo and Rufus, and now, he let himself take Sam’s place to allow his brother avoid harm. Either way, Sam was safe and nobody else was hurt, except for the two murdered asshole hunters who tried to get his younger brother back on demon blood.
“Yeah, you bet.” Sam said, then turning to his namesake, who was giving him that kicked puppy look
The younger Winchester nodded. “I’m sorry, Dean.” He said, apologetically.
Emma sighed.
“Could they get in?” The pastor asked.
“It’s fine. Just stay here, get ‘em ready. I’ll cover Ellen.” His brother insisted.
“Go on.” Tim said.
The older Winchester looked at present Cas. “Anyway.”
Dean held onto War and Sam drew out Ruby’s knife.
“As for our fake last name, how about
The thought of the kid killing somebody for Sam’s sake was both concerning
“And I thought you were supposed to be impressive.” The older Winchester taunted. “All you do is black out the room.”
“Bye, Sam.” The older Winchester gestured to the hotel room door.
Updated authors note (11\25\20)
“So, where’d you last see her?” He asked.
Rebekah sighed. “Yeah.” She said with a nod. “What about your names?”
“I did it. I started the apocalypse.” His namesake admitted with pain in his voice, and it felt strange for the younger-looking hunter to be able to emphasize with somebody else on this strong of a level. Was he more better off than his namesake in this case? The hero Sam didn’t have a twin, or any other sibling who also had demon blood.
The time-traveler looked at him in the eye. “I wouldn’t have done it if you hadn’t tried to harm my namesake, who doesn’t deserve to be treated like a monster!” He snapped angrily at the hunter, scowling. “It’s hunters like
“That’s what Rebekah and I suggested, but Sammy said that he wanted to talk to your brother
“Nothing. Nothing.” Dean answered, embarrassed.
------------------------------------------------------
“What are you talking about, Samuel?”
Authors note:
As for the original statement:
Dean glanced over at him and at the pastor before speaking up. “There's a sporting goods store we passed on Main on the way in. I bet they got guns.” He said and dropped his bag at the same time Sam did.
D sighed, looking at his brother with concern. “
-----------------------------------------------------------
Sam’s namesake was a doing a demonstration of loading a shotgun for the young man and pregnant woman. “—Then snap it in.” He instructed whilst Dean’s namesake had set the butt of a rifle on the table and faced the guy who opened the door earlier.
“You’re kidding.” He commented irritably.
Apparently, the taller guy’s name was Sam and they were looking for another person coincidentally called Dean. Those couldn’t have been their real names, could it?
“This isn’t funny, Dean. The voice says I’m almost out of minutes.”
“Suit yourself.” Tim said. “More for us then, right?”
“The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want. He layeth me down in green pastures, and he raiseth me up again. Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I shall fear no evil.” The pastor preached, then someone pounded on the door and everyone became startled.
“You’re not a hunter at all, aren’t you, pretty boy? No hunter would be worried about his clothes in a fight!” Tim snarked back, grabbing him by his shirt and pushing him firmly against the wall, and the younger hunter scoffed at the insult, noticing Sam come by from around the corner. “You better tell me where Sam is, or else I’ll rip those designer jeans of yours.”
“Here’s what’s gonna happen. You’re gonna drink this, Hulk out, and you’re gonna waste every one of the demon scum that killed my best friend.” Tim told him hatefully with grief on his face, then nodded at Lindsay, who Reggie had just handcuffed to the table. “Or she dies.”
“Let me guess, he just, uh, vanished into thin air?” He elaborated on the question.
“He’s in room 113.” Future Cas said, and Sam stood up.
The two Winchester siblings had already been talking about it, and neither of them wanted to leave Germany either. “Yeah, we were already about to suggest it to you, Opa.” Danny said sadly. “We just got here, too.” Emma added, equally as unhappy. Angelika nodded in agreement. “We’re not going anywhere, kids.” She reassured them with a remorseful look on her face. “Stay for the rest of the day since you’ve drank, and you should be safe to leave tomorrow. After you save the world, you’ll come and visit, right?”
Sam was sitting alone in the corner, deep in thought.
“What, you want to let them assume you’re older than me?” He snapped.
Now, that strange hunter with a nearly identical first and last name defended his actions, stating that he shouldn’t have been blamed for any of it. If the kid and his two siblings were getting information from Cas, then why hadn’t the angel told them that others were helping with stopping Lucifer? Maybe the angel who talked to the German American hunters had been lying about their name. Sam doubted they were lying; it seemed to be too specific to be a lie, because if it were, they would be found out and exposed very quickly.
It was cut off by the kid surprising the demon from behind and stabbing him.
“Sammy, she’s not a demon! War is causing us to mistake each other for demons.” He called out with a little bit more emotion in his voice than usual, prompting Jo to look at both for a second. “Jo, we’re not demons. Just
Thirteen years had gone by and they couldn’t stop Klaus from training his four kids into soldiers. It couldn’t be denied in an any way that Klaus was also a victim in this tragedy of a situation, given that one wife was killed in front of him and his second wife was kidnapped and presumably still being held hostage, although Sam tortured and killed Azazel sometime last year.
Dean and Rebekah told them that War couldn’t be killed and one of them had to use their demon killing knives to slice the ring off his finger. Without that ring, War would be weak, and the town would return to normal.
He put the knife away in fear that he might not have killed a demon at all and decided to his less lethal gun. He needed to let Sam and Rebekah know that, since his brother was preoccupied.
Hopefully, that makes sense. I’ll have to break this one up into three parts, since writing the events of the episode is taking way longer than I thought it would. I don’t want to try to shove all of it in a single chapter, and make it seemed rushed.
After moving to America, they stayed with Kyle Winchester, an older cousin, part-time hunter who ran an auto shop, and their father’s best friend, in Kansas City, Kansas for a while. Sometimes they stayed with a family friend, Steven Archer, who was a hunter who lived about an hour away in Lawrence, Kansas, who had been chosen as the kids’ godfather.
, I saw a demon watching me,” she said with exhaustion, “and I got the hell out of there.”
fucking decision to get back into hunting?! You’re unbelievable sometimes, you know that? We were trying to prevent the fucking Apocalypse, and I never asked for help anyways! You didn’t have to join us!” Dean argued back venomously, his voice tired from arguing with a hurt look on his face. “Don’t you remember I explicitly told you two to stay in L.A. and not put yourselves in more danger along with me? You need to start taking your medicine again, I know you don’t mean any of what you just said!”
Dean knew that Sam and the three time-travelers were going to meet up with him at his hotel room in Kansas City. He didn’t want to team back up with Sam, though. He knew that all of those angels, demons, and everything in between would use their bond against them, and he didn’t fully trust Sam, despite exhausting himself recently to prove that he could trusted. The older Winchester remembered back in Colorado when Samuel defended his younger brother’s actions and declared him blameless for the whole thing. The boy didn’t understand at all what it was like, even though Sam was going through withdraws from demon blood at the time, to choose
Emma took off her black trench coat and threw it across from her on the bed, and ran her hand through her shoulder-length black hair. Sam had worn that trench coat for a good few years before he hit
“Dude, you’re still putting me on a pedestal. I’m human, just like you.” The hero Sam insisted quietly with urgency in his voice. “I’m not perfect and I make mistakes, just like you. Trust your own judgment.”
Sam was taken aback by her response, maybe she
What did you guys think of this chapter?
“Okay, we need to get a plan together. Tell me everything.”
If history could be changed starting with the first Apocalypse, then a whole lot of tragedy could be prevented, including their own. These hunters were informed of the risk that none of them would live to see a better future, but they were insistent on saving the world as their predecessors had been. It had been Sam’s namesake’s idea to try to fix the past in the first place.
tell me you have pain killers, Dean.” She implored as the three walked past them, and the kid didn’t seem to even acknowledge their existence following Ellen inside and the involuntary flinch from the kid as the door shut behind them didn’t go unnoticed, who older brother and sister gave concerned glances to. “Yeah, of course. We’re out of Oxycontin, though. Is Vicodin okay?” They overheard her brother answer.
the attack took place, just past the bridge into River Pass that the demons would close off soon.
“He told me that if I should ever listen to my own instincts when it comes to hunting and keeping my family safe, I should always follow your example. You know I lack a lot of emotions and that can get civilians and other hunters killed if I rely on my own instincts.” The young man explained quietly with tension in his voice. “Dad made my twin and I aware that our demon blood makes us inherently evil, that we were chosen to have it for some reason. I’ve…breached it and…it resulted in Lucifer’s release, so bad things happen if I go without the code.”
Hope you guys enjoy the chapter!
“Well, that doesn’t make any sense.” The older Winchester asked, not quite sure what his angelic crush—no,
Sam sighed. “Yeah, dude, stop drawing more attention to yourself.” He agreed out loud.
He was taught that people—excluding him and Emma, unless they followed the code—chose to be good and do the right thing, and no one was destined for any sort of fate. Secretly, he wished he could have that kind of free will he and his twin had been denied, but if the hero Sam were right, then how could he learn to rely on his own judgment?
Rebekah followed suit, expecting her husband to grab everyone’s attention with a short speech. It would be unlike to him
They weren’t many stories of what the hero Sam went through in his withdraws, and only a small handful of eyewitness descriptions survived throughout the years. According to his older twin siblings, the surviving descriptions were an understatement to what it actually felt like. Although Danny knew why they had to hold off until she went and got her fix, it didn’t make the situation any less frustrating.
It's probably not such a good idea to hop around fixing details instead of just doing it chapter by chapter, but I just remembered that this chapter has something that needs fixed. The added dialogue isn't beta read, I wrote out of spur of the moment just now. Chapter 10 is still being worked on and ideas are still being developed for it.
“I’m sure that’ll go smoothly, Sam. We’ll go in with a suspiciously identical last name.” Dean snarked back at his brother with frustrated sarcasm. “As far as anybody in the past knows, there’s no other Sam and Dean Winchester. Can you stop being so goddamn bitchy about everything?!” Rebekah was about to intervene when the woman came in from the kitchen.
Rebekah looked interested. “What is your middle name, Dean?” She asked.
? If I recall correctly, it means something like wolves and battle.” The older of the two brothers suggested with a smug smile. “I’m the most feared in this family after all.”
In short, Klaus followed in the footsteps of his uncle, John Winchester.
maybe relapsing, too? Either way, they had work to do. At the bar that night, a patron was playing pool whilst Sam took a tray of empty glasses and trash, and the guests of honor would arrive soon. Samuel was on edge, keeping a watch while he served drinks at the bar.
The rain and heavy wind continued to blow into the abandoned house after the lightning strike.
She looked up at her name being mentioned.
“You and Sammy have a fucked-up way of showing you care about each other.” Danny snapped, causing his older sister to glare at him and opened her mouth to argue back. “Both of you, stop it. Arguing over it will solve nothing.” Angelika said firmly, interrupting her granddaughter. “You’ve just arrived here. Why don’t you kids just go lay down and relax?”
“So is this what I’m looking at if Michael jumps in my bones?”
“Alexander.” He answered, then looked toward Sam. “I’ll probably just go with D to make it easier to remember. You need to be called
22 “Stop there. How many times have you prayed and still never got an answer from him? I still can hardly believe he exists, but anyways, if he cared, he’d put an end it to it before it’d get this bad.”
“Tell me something. You keep saying we're gonna trap this guy.” Dean asked, trying to figure out exactly what his friend was expecting. “Isn’t that kinda like trapping a hurricane with a butterfly net?”
“Come on, anything? Booze, women?” He continued, shoving his thoughts about something else in the back of his mind. Present Cas looked at him, and then away, clearly uncomfortable.
Sam walked to the Impala and the kid followed behind him with a duffel-bag in his hand, as if that weren’t creepy at all. He grabbed his backpack out of the backseat and looked over at the kid. “Why are you following me, dude?” He questioned and shutting one of the backseat doors of the Impala. “I’d rather be alone. Is there some other danger you need to tell me about?”
Sam one way or another.
12 “I learned from the best.”
“Maybe somehow they get pulled back here and whatever they’ve done in the past is undone.” He theorized, after thinking for a couple of minutes. “Maybe Michael’s intervening, and he’s putting everything back into place.”
Now, wasn’t the time to try to make any hunter contacts, though.
“The truth is I spend more time worrying about you than about doing the job right.” Dean explained himself. “And I just, I can’t afford that, you know? Not now.”
“Witness protection, right? You’re Mafia?”
“Wow. You killed deer and things?” Lindsay asked.
Well, it wasn’t every day that a hunter had a neat, polished ivy league haircut (or
“I don’t go by that name anymore.” He supplied convincingly with the right disdain in his tone, emphasizing his name with discomfort. “My middle name is Henry.”
After barely escaping Chuck in 2020 with Castiel, also grief-stricken Sam and Dean discover that they’ve traveled thirty-six years into the future, where Lucifer has been resurrected and recently freed from the Cage again by another Winchester. Having no luck finding Cas, they research and investigate to find out more about these Winchesters and the future in general until a promising lead comes along at Jewell County Hospital in Mankato, Kansas.
“And the Eastern Seaboard.” Raphael answered and lightening flashed outside. “It is a testament to my unending mercy that I do not smite you here and now or take your pets back to where they belong. Yourself from that time is here as well, Castiel.”
everything disintegrated because compared to how darkening his life became ten years
11 “Otherwise you wouldn’t put it to use to get what you want out of me.”
It seemed that the two brothers had calmed down enough to have a civil conversation by now, and their grandmother sent the three Winchesters concerned looks. “Don’t overthink the aliases, you need to pay attention to what’s really important.”
The older kid scoffed, standing up. “You’re lying, War. We know who you are, and we know what you’ve been up to.” He said viciously. “Give me one reason why I shouldn’t get my knife and cut your right finger off right now!”
“Who are they, Ellen?” He asked her as they approached another door. “We overheard them talking; they were talking about
The younger Winchester didn’t miss the smirk on the kid’s face when he told his namesake of his plan to close the bar whilst Sam and the other two time-travelers were lookouts. He would stand in the shadows of the dimmed bar, where the hunters would assume Sam would be and attack
many demons by themselves!”
“Yeah, and things.” The first one who spoke said, whose name was Tim?
“Chasity.” The hunter repeated, and noticed present Cas drinking his beer. “Wow. Is that kismet or what, buddy? Well, he likes you, you like him, so dayenu.” He said, trying to get his friend to ease up and enjoy himself.
14 “Deflect from the topic and use their supposed flaw against them with no hesitation.”
doing that.
“Yeah, and then Lucifer.” She inputted.
to save Ellen and Jo.
They, of course, wouldn’t listen to him.
“I can find you, just have some damn patience. You remind me of Sam. I’m not talking about your twin.”
The younger Winchester and D didn’t look too surprised, but the worry was there. “Sammy, did you kill them?” His brother asked him, agape with concern, who had a rather bashful look on his face, and it looked unnatural, knowing the boy’s personality. It was an odd reaction to being asked if they murdered two people, although the boy only killed one of them.
5 “You know what I mean? All you did was pull your brother’s namesake in to protect him, right? You didn’t decide your namesakes’ choices, fake version of him or not.”
“We’ll...tell the officer that he witnessed an angel of the Lord,” present Cas explained his plan without the knowledge of humanity his future self-seemed to have, “and the officer will tell us where the angel is.”
Dean saw them leave the room with a devil’s trap and salt line at that door as well, and he internally sighed in relief, speed walking over to them. This gave him time to wake up Sam and Rebekah, and maybe a little bit of time to get awake.
Samuel looked toward his brother with assurance on his face. “
The oldest Winchester brother, like everyone else, heard bullets nearby. They had to stop this pointless bloodbath, cut the ring off War’s finger, and save Ellen and Jo’s lives. He was merely following behind his namesake, Dean’s namesake, with his brother and Rebekah.
“Oh, nothing. Whoo. It’s been a long time since I’ve laughed that hard.” Dean said with enjoyment in his voice as they got in the Impala, and it was with Cas. “It’s been more than a long time. Years.”
Was his father wrong in teaching him the code, or maybe his father got a few details wrong?
Everything that Dean and Sam have been through so far happened all over again in the future, including enemies like Azazel and Lilith coming back to life. Long after they disappeared, D and Samuel were paying for what him and Sam likely didn’t do. Neither of the modern Winchester brothers would say yes for either archangel to use their bodies as their meatsuits, and probably that’s what ended up happening. Maybe two poor people were tricked into being archangel meatsuits, and now, the futuristic Winchester brothers were used in their places to get the result they’d wanted later.
Sam and the kid were still alone and tied up in the living room and noticed Roger coming in.
“You finished that crossword puzzle in the kitchen?”
He told himself, trying to stay calm.
Now, he could finally get some sleep and put his phone down on the bedside table, but when he looked back up, future Cas was there. “Damnit, I need sleep, Cas!” He yelled at the futuristic version of his friend, who looked apologetic with a stressed look on his face.
It took forever for Sam to convince Samuel to let him and Lindsay have a dinner
Authors note:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A few moments of awkward silence passed until a nervous German accent spoke.
Everyone was busy in the church. The shaggy-haired man and older woman were assembling sells, and the guy with glasses (apparently named Roger) was practicing loading a shotgun.
Samuel tried to break free and felt the grip on Tim’s neck tightening as the door chimed again, and Reggie came in hauling Lindsay. “Reggie, you got another pair of handcuffs?” The older hunter turned around, momentarily distracted. “Pretty boy here’s hiding Sam.”
“Yes.”
badly did your father react to the blood?”
“Do you know we end up doing?” He asked the kid tentatively, not sure if he wanted to know.
“Upstairs.” Rufus answered.
Sam woke up tied up in a chair and he yanked at ropes, then noticing the kid tied up in a chair next to him, with his head drooping down, like he was sleeping. It appeared that they were in the living room of a house with a fireplace, and he noticed a black-eyed Jo and Rufus.
“Good.” Rufus said.
Angelika sighed as she picked up one of the bags and Dan fixed the salt line.
Authors note:
The time-travelers have arrived in River Pass, Colorado.
21 “Would God approve of this? I know how you feel about him, but do you think we should—”
“More salt we can fire at once, more demons we can keep away.” He reasoned.
“What omens? What’s this about time-travelers?”
Dean let out an irritated sighed. “If I tell Sammy no, then Zachariah’s forcing me the future they want me to see.” He asked, and the angel nodded. “So, if I don’t get killed there, no one here gets hurt and I get back safe, then I don’t have to worry about them getting to my brother, right?”
“Yes, because we are gonna trap him and interrogate him.”
“What?”
“Your opa and I know what the withdraws can do to you, and we don’t want you to let it get bad. If there’s anything you can do here to avoid them, let us know if we can help.” Angelika said with firmness, heavily with concern as her granddaughter picked up her bag. “We already know you’ll go out and get more blood.”
“Yeah, when I was out, I saw one watching me.” Emma told them.
Tim was about to grab Samuel by his shirt, and the young man dodged as he saw the older man’s fists ready to take a hit at him. “Don’t play stupid, kid. Where’s Sam?” He demanded more angrily, and about to throw a punch. Samuel leaned back from the punch and grabbed Tim’s arm, and pulled him down with his foot to trip him down to the hard floor. “I said, I think he went on a smoke break.” He repeated the lie. “Why are you harassing me like this?”
16 “As much as I appreciate how well I raised you, relax and focus on your and Rebekah’s part of the plan. Your mask is getting on my nerves.”
Emma tried not to think about where Sam, Dean, and Rebekah were, as she sat down on the bench not far from the metro bus stop and ignore her twin senses. The only Winchester daughter didn’t believe in any of that otherworldly twin connection stuff unless you count the visions her and Sam shared when they were teenagers. She couldn’t shake the idea that Sam may had just had a run-in with a hunter from the past, but it was reasonable to think that she’d been so worried about him that it was probably just nothing. Her twin didn’t often show fear and other vulnerable emotions in front of other people, but when he did, it was visible.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam wouldn’t back down now, even though Ellen meant well by her reasoning.
The younger Winchester put down the tray and looked over.
bad? Are you—”
and say I’m not called by my first name anymore.”
Tim, Steve, and Reggie were officially suspicious of him now, great.
she managed to get it. If she told them, even Sam would consider it immoral, and he wasn’t wrong on that.
, for Christ’s sake! That shit isn’t cheap, you know.”
Updated authors note (2\24\21): I put in the fitting quotes.
much as he had to today. The way his and his brother’s namesakes seemed to look at him made him feel like his brother’s young and reckless little brother who needed cared for.
He cut his thoughts off.
. He knew there was more to the story, but he was taken entirely aback by this admission.
“From the minute I saw that blood, only thought in my head...and I tell myself it’s for the right reasons, my intentions are good, and it, it feels true, you know? But I think, underneath...I just miss the feeling. I know how messed up that sounds, which means I know how messed up I am.” Sam explained himself. “Thing is, the problem’s not the demon blood, not really. I mean, I, what I did, I can’t blame the blood or Ruby or...anything. The problem’s me. How far I’ll go. There’s something in me that...scares the hell out of me, Dean. In the last couple of days, I caught another glimpse...”
“Around demons.”
Finally, War reached his red Mustang, and looked back over his shoulder, and didn’t see them coming. The Horseman reached for the door, and the boys grabbed him. The three time-travelers were right behind them as back-up.
“Yeah. So, I just thought you might want to find out who’s in the area and put a man on this.”
He glanced a more exasperated look at the kid, whose tone in whatever he said in German, wasn’t pleasant at all. “Dude, just shut up.” He whispered to him, who only sighed in frustration.
The time-traveler told himself, clenching his fists in impatience.
Updated authors note (8\22\21):
Emma nodded in agreement, then realized something. “Wait, Sam, Dean, and Rebekah had their guns when they left.” She said with frustration, turning to her twin. “How’d they get theirs past airport security? Maybe they gave their guns to Castiel and he dropped them off here.”
Rufus backhanded him as Jo splashed him with water, looking at him confused. What, did they think him, and the kid were demons? The older, possessed hunter grabbed Sam’s neck and forced his head back.
“Lucifer has been released from the Cage again in my time-period, and it’s all because of me. I was trying to prevent that son of bitch’s rising with my siblings and Rebekah, but…I ended up releasing him instead, like the demons had baited me into…The final seal was Lilith assuming the identity of another demon, who tried to take Rebekah’s life, and I killed her without considering the possibility.”
“Do you want to use your fists and fight off any demons, and risk getting hurt?” She replied more seriously, though the attitude in her tone remained. “I’m just gonna go find a black market and see if they answer. You know I’ve survived two blitz attack attempts, right?”
“The Four Horsemen.” The pastor answered.
“Well, you got me.” The young man said irritably with a groan.
It was true that people could fake emotions like that, but he had a feeling the kid was telling the truth. “What do you mean you were named after me, dude?” He asked, suspecting that maybe he had a kid or maybe Dean had a kid he named after his younger brother.
There was no point in speculation about her true feelings and he didn’t necessarily love her, but his true feelings for the now-deceased demon were fond and he wished she’d talked to him about this. Of course, she wouldn’t, but she seemed to care for him in her own twisted way.
Surely, the kid’s siblings wouldn’t let him go out by himself.
Updated authors note (2\24\21): I added the fitting quotes.
“Hello, Dean.”
Sam glanced over at Rebekah, then back at Castiel. “Are you
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Not to question your reasoning, don’t you think this plan could backfire? What if calling and texting my siblings, or you and my brother’s namesake ends up with one of you kidnapped?” He said as respectfully as he could without hopefully sowing doubt in his namesake in his quiet tone. “My emotional capabilities are more limited than you seem to realize, but I’ll do as you see fit. I’ll let you guys have privacy as long as you have your phones on…and I’ll give my instincts a chance.”
At the dining room table, there was tension and frustration in the air. There were three small duffel-bags by each person’s feet and all three of them wore house slippers. “Couldn’t we have booked a later flight?” The first of them said in English, distressed and with a German accent. He was by far the tallest out of the three at the table with ebony black hair, blue eyes, and pale skin, dressed in a black Henley shirt and black jeans. “We would’ve been fine if we waited fifteen minutes!”
“No.” Dean answered, then he grabbed a shotgun and headed for the door with the older kid and Rebekah expectantly following behind him. “Everybody sit tight. I got to—”
He resisted the urge to roll his eyes. He was getting tired of being called a kid.
“2056.”
“Got you, son of a bitch! I knew you had something to do with demons coming here!” She snapped, aiming his own gun against his head, then turning to them for a moment. “Why’d you wait so long to let one ‘em possess you?”
