Which made Tony wonder if Grant were really a blond.  More than likely, he wasn’t the tall hunky beefcake he’d described himself as; after all, Tony had stretched the truth a little himself, adding an inch or two of height as well as several years off his age.  But it didn’t really matter, because despite Tony’s occasional daydream about actually meeting Grant, and going out on dates that might (or might not) end in the bedroom, it wasn’t going to -- in fact, couldn’t --  happen.   Besides before Tony could indulge himself in any fantasy involving Grant -- sexual or romantic --  he had some work to finish.  Setting the box back down, Tony returned  to the  emails piling up in his inbox -- no rest for the wicked.
“Feels a little strange. Good, but ... strange.”   Both the sensation and the fact he was doing it to himself; it would be a lot sexier if it were Grant touching him so intimately.  Tony shook his head, trying to lose himself in the scenario and his provisional lover’s words.
“Is that a knot you tied in the towel or are you just happy to see me?” Steve quipped after  Tony had plastered himself to Steve’s back, wrapping his arms tightly around him.
Grant’s reply was so gentle and loving,  reassuring him even as he was walking them through the logistics, that Tony could almost imagine that he really was there, ready to join him in passionate union. “I hitch one of your legs up,” Grant finally said,  “spreading you wide enough for me to push my cock against you, the tip barely sliding in.”
But as for acting on those feelings?  Tony was quite aware that one drawback of being a public figure was the publicity.  While being a playboy seemed to go part and parcel with being the face of Stark Industries,  he doubted the board members would turn a blind eye to him going after guys.    So maybe phone sex - an actual interaction - would help him determine if it was just a harmless fantasy, or if he really did want to be with a man.
“Do you have any special interests we should list on your account, to make it easier to match you with a performer? As you probably saw, we cater to a wide range of fetishes and kinks.”
Tony couldn’t keep his hands off  his partner, not only in an effort to show not only appreciation of his efforts, but the affection and care that had become an inextricable part of their relationship.  Steve had given him so much already, and Tony was desperate to do the same.
They fondled and groped each other a bit in front of the window before Tony suggested they head to the bedroom.     Stretching out across the bed in a come-hither pose, he purred, “One of us should be narrating the action, sunshine. Just like old times.”
“So, now that we’re both shirtless,” Grant murmured. “I lay back and pull you over on top of me, so I can get my hands on that gorgeous ass of yours. My teeth graze your collarbone as I suck a series of marks all along it. I want to make sure you’ll remember me tomorrow.”
So he repeated the digits back, just to double check, and Grant mentioned the extension was the same as his birthday.   He went on to admit  that when he was little, he thought the July fourth fireworks were just for him and Tony found himself unaccountably charmed by this glimpse into Grant’s life.
There will more than likely be more to come with this remix;  but probably not til after the holidays, due to time constraints.    Kudos and comments help feed the muse!
“Perfect. Now where were we?” Grant replied pertly.  Then he proceeded with the story, describing how he was undressing Tony, running his hands all over, and then using his tongue “not my lips, Anthony,” to make contact.   Tony teased Grant about being a literalist, but dutifully waited for him to actually mention that his lips were on Tony’s cock before taking himself in hand once again.  And Jesus, that short break in the action had only served to rev him up even further.  There was no way he was going to last much longer.
“That’s kinda the point of this whole thing, isn’t it, sunshine?” Tony growled back in reply.  Grant teasingly responded that he had a lot more story to tell and that he didn’t want to let the rest of the session go to waste.  Tony had always enjoyed a bit of banter with his bedmates, so he responded that he’d hold off for now but  “as soon as your lips touch my dick, I’m going back in.”
Afraid to take Grant’s response too much to heart,  Tony sassed right back. “Aw, honeybun, I didn’t know you cared. But I swear I’m loose, and wet, and so, so ready. I need you inside me as soon as goddamn possible.”
Well, then, I promise I’ll be gentle,”  Steve said, with a familiar rumble that made Tony’s pulse race.  This was really happening; he and Steve were going to do in real life what they’d talked about so many times: make love.
He had no other plans for the evening, and maybe this call would get it out of his system.   “Now would be great,”  Tony replied, kicking off his shoes as he walked into his bedroom. Might as well get comfortable.
“Give me five or ten minutes, sweetheart. Gotta wash this goop out of my hair.” Tony grabbed their bags and headed for the bedroom.  He put a stash of condoms and lube on the nightstand,  grabbing the smaller bottle of waterproof lube to take with him into the shower.  He wanted to be ready for whatever new experiences this night might bring.
Before things got any more uncomfortable, Tony removed the dildo with a soft grunt, leaving him feeling empty inside in more ways than one.   But he rallied, telling Grant how wonderful everything had been -- and it was, even if he ended up alone instead of in his lover’s embrace.   He kept up the brave front as Grant replied that he’d had a great time as well,  finally wishing him sweet dreams as they hung up.
Grant asked if he was ready for a second finger, and Tony had thought he was, but even with a generous dollop of lube, he grunted in discomfort as he tried to push them both in.    “I know...” Grant murmured reassuringly,  “it gets easier, darling, I promise. Just try to stay relaxed, nice slow breaths. Maybe should have gotten you off first, calmed you down a little.”
As they walked out of the restaurant together, hand in hand, Tony resisted the desire to pinch himself.  If this was a dream, if he really was still in that cold, damp cave, he didn’t want to know.     His date with Steve had been perfect — well, almost perfect.
“It’s not a dream,” Steve reassured him; Tony hadn’t realized he was speaking aloud. “Know how I know that?” he continued. “Because I’m thinking the same thing, and we both can’t be having the same dream at the same time. Statistically impossible.”
After mentally rolling his eyes at his verbal meanderings, Tony went on, saying that he thought he was maybe bisexual and was finally testing the waters after more than a quarter decade.  He waited for the guy -- Grant, was it? -- to start laughing, or, even worse, to take pity on him,  resigning himself to the thought that he should just hang up and forget all about this.
“I tease a little, sucking gently, maybe a touch of teeth, then start a slow, wet slide down your shaft, my tongue weaving patterns as I go. I wait to feel your hand on the back of my head, urging me deeper.”
Tony read through the website again, knowing perfectly well he was simply stalling.   Sure, all the phone sex sites he’d been to promised “discreet”  conversations,  but this Fury Enterprises seemed to take it fairly seriously.  He also liked how they stated up front that they catered to “all sexual orientations and gender identities”,  which seemed promising.
“I’ll be even happier in a moment - one of us has entirely too many clothes on.”  It wasn’t him; he was baring his body to Steve, and quite possibly his soul.  “You’re good with this, right? Getting naked? Informed and enthusiastic consent is kind of one of my kinks.”
But instead of a release of pleasure, it was as if a dam of turbulent emotion had burst in him. Tony  was suddenly awash in self-loathing, with every hateful gay slur he’d ever heard being heaped on his own head.  This was wrong, a terrible mistake; he was ashamed, he was weak. Tony wanted nothing more then to curl into a ball and hide away from everyone and everything.
Tony huffed out a laugh. “Nah, I’m too damned impatient. Always have jumped in with both feet, so to speak. Okay, I’m good. Ready for more.”  Once he adjusted, Tony found he was enjoyed everything  more than he thought he would; there was definitely an appeal to being a bottom.  He let his innate stubbornness propel him past the burn when Grant finally talked him through adding a third finger, claiming better to be safe than sorry.   Tony shifted slightly to take some pressure off his wrist, but just as he was about to make a snarky comment about size queens, pleasure shot through him like a jolt from a 120-volt line “Holy shit, what was that?” he yelped
But then Grant responded,  “It’s going to take a little while to get there, sweetheart, but I’ll make sure you enjoy the journey.”   He started the scene,  taking things just as slowly as he’d said, despite Tony’s impatience.   When he mentioned putting lube on his fingers,  Grant paused, clearly waiting for Tony to follow the implied instructions.
“I am so much better than okay, sunshine. Grant, I think I--”  Tony bit his tongue so hard he nearly drew blood.  My god, he’d actually been on the brink of saying ‘I love you’.  With a sigh, he finished the sentence with a lame comment about letting his assistant know he’d be in late tomorrow.
Tony emulated the action as best he could, with Grant’s throaty moan as he presumably took himself in hand providing additional encouragement.   “About time you joined the party, hotshot,” Tony called out with a breathy laugh,  “Gonna give me what I need?”
“We pride ourselves on prompt responses to our clients.  I just want to confirm a couple of details on your account before your first encounter.   You listed yourself as a cisgender bisexual male, is that correct?”
As Grant described the two of them getting into doggy-style position, the thought of not being face to face with his  imaginary lover kicked Tony's nerves up again, odd as it seemed.  “No, I want to see you," he broke in.  "Want to touch, to kiss you.”
So,” Tony continued, wanting to clarify the whole condom question, “Part of the medical poking and prodding I endured after my involuntary holiday included all sorts of blood tests, including one pertinent to our current activities. They gave me a clean bill of health.”
“Nice and slow - we’ve got all the time in the world.”  Grant’s words of reassurance helped Tony relax almost as much as the circles he was tracing around the furled muscle, loosening it little by little.  It felt good, better than the fumbling self-explorations he’d attempted after their last conversation. He followed along as Grant mentioned sliding inside, but the edge of a fingernail caught and Tony hissed in momentary pain.
That said, Tony didn’t want to assume anything.  Even though he’d bared his heart to Steve on that first phone call after his rescue,  he hadn’t been able to back those words up for weeks. And while Steve had made overtures towards phone sex during a couple of calls, Tony had wanted to wait for the real thing.  He hoped that Steve’s double entendre over dessert meant he felt the same way.   “So,” Tony said as they pulled out of the parking lot, “I can take you back to your place, or....?”
“I've heard that from you before,” Tony teased back, pushing down a sudden bout of nerves; once he’d gotten Steve naked, he’d discovered his companion was surprisingly well-hung for his size, and he wasn’t sure whether he was more excited or concerned about how it would feel to be penetrated for the first time by something other than a toy or his own fingers.
,  basically what happened  since Chapter 2 is that Steve and Tony had a fight over  Tony being overly generous just before Tony made a fateful trip to Afghanistan.    Three months later,  they reconnect and discover that they’ve known each other all along.  Cue the romance and in person sexytimes.
I kinda like the sound of that ‘or’, babe,”  Steve replied, making Tony’s heart leap.  But there were a few things he wanted to get off his chest, first.   After apologizing for blowing up at Steve over the whole tip jar situation, Tony asked how Barnes was doing and mentioned the prosthetic study that  SI’s medical devices division was kicking off.
And there it was - might as well shut down the confessional booth and get the party started. A blowjob seemed a good place to start, so Tony asked Grant  to describe a scene leading up to one.    Grant in turn suggested that they met at a club and he was taking Tony back to his place, with a bit of foreplay first.
“And what would that be, hon?”   The casual endearment made a warm feeling spread through Tony’s chest, even as other parts of his anatomy were warming up as well.
Those two conversations got them to the hotel where Happy had already made reservations, leaving the key card in an envelope in the car.  It wasn’t the first time he’d helped keep one of Tony’s  hookups secret, even if Tony couldn’t help but wish that this one didn’t have to be.    He showed Steve the room key and a note from the front desk, addressed to Mr. H. Hogan. “Looks like I’ll be Happy tonight.”
“Sorry, darling,” Steve answered with a hungry look,  “my mouth’s been a little busy. Planning on keeping things that way, too.”
“Will this be a per-minute call or a session?  The sessions tend to be more cost-effective, as it’s a set block of time, and many of our clients say they’re also more fulfilling.”
“Understatement of the year, sunshine. Can we get the show on the road?”   While he’d appreciated Grant’s prudence up til now, he needed more than just his own hand could give him.
“I like to be touched. Lots of touching, please,”  Tony blurted out after agreeing to the fantasy. Where in the hell had that come from?  It was true, but he didn’t know if he was ready to be this vulnerable with another man, even at this remove.   So he asked Grant to describe himself, as a way to stall for time. Tony might have been a bit over-eager in claiming he had a weakness for the tall, beefy blond type  that Grant apparently was, but it was all in good fun, right?  He wasn’t even sure he had a type when it came to guys, at least not yet.
Tony threw up his hands in defeat. "Alright. I concede. We're ordering in." He wandered of to get the brochure for their favorite place, leaving a giggling mess of a teenager behind in the kitchen.
In case it wasn't clear: that whole first scene was in Tony's head and having Peter there lay dying in his arms sent his mind into shock. Whether he will survive or not is anyone's guess :) Perhaps if another prompt for this event speaks to me in regards to this one, but we'll see.
I'm so sorry for this being late. Yesterday really didn't work out for me, but at least that means you get two prompts today XD
"No, Tony. I won't." The use of his first name, something either of them rarely used in regards to each other, is what calmed the growing anger insde him enough that he could feel the pain and sadness clogging up his throat again.
One step into the room had him stepping on glass and water, the noise making him jump. Alarmed he looked around and noticed another disaster area like the bedroom. The mirror was smashed, its pieces under his feet. The faucet appeared to be broken in half, water steadily gushed out and the shower curtain had been ripped off and lay forgotten on the mess of a floor.
Tony calmly observed his teammembers discussing the future of the new superhero Spider-Man. Opinions were divided, but no one had anything really against him. Just the usual qualms about anyone unknown.
"You need to stop worrying about all these grown up things, Peter. Be a kid and let me worry about that stuff. I'm the grownup after all."
Tony turned to look at his son, to see if he understood when he suddenly felt tiny lips against his own forehead. "I love you too, daddy."
Peter carefully took the letter from his excited dad and as he opened it, he noticed all the avengers leaning in closer. Smiling at their behaviour, he moved back a little as he pulled out the letter. Except it wasn't a letter.
"Peter, I need you to calm down." As Natasha approached low to the ground and slowly, Peter seemed to settle ever so slightly. "I want to help you,
"We'll find him. How far could he possibly have gotten?" Clint tried to appease him. Scott just looked away, clearly more intelligent in this situation. Perhaps it was due to him being a father too and knowing just what Steve was feeling right now.
Story will be multichaptered. Not sure how long, but if I had to guess, between 5 and 8 chapters. Again, not sure. I've got a lot figured out but not everything so depending on how long and easily the chapters get, it could be more.
"Shouldn't you worry about yourself? Or did I imagine you falling down here with me and you're just a hallucination I conjured up to comfort myself? Because if that is the case, it's an odd choice for my brain seeing the many different aunts and uncles I could have called on."
"Steve?!" Tony didn't know what to ask precisely. All he knew in that moment was utter fear for his son.
A tingle of alarm shot through Peter as he tried to remember. Being reminded of Kalyca suddenly made Peter aware of his dads daemons flitting about, more concerned than his dads even because they didn't have anyone to fuss over like them.
"Bruce?" Raakel's voice was distressed, unsettled. Bruce followed her gaze upwards, to the ceiling, where one Peter Parker was hanging from by his feet and fingertips. Bruce's mouth opened out of its own accord as he stared at the teen.
Peter was running as fast as he could. He couldn't recall why, only that he had to run. A painful tug in his chest convinced him to stop and draw in desperate breaths of air. The pain did not decrease nor did it increase. Peter was confused and wondered if something was wrong with him. Was this why he was in medical? Was he injured? He couldn't remember. But maybe Kalyca could.
Before Happy could refuse, Tony had him promptly positioned in the middle of the room with a set of big, curious eyes staring up at him. Tony crouched down beside the kid, speaking in a gentle voice, Happy had never heard from him before.
Peter stumbled into the bathroom, splashing his face with far more water than neccessary before slapping his own face. "Wake up already!" He snapped at his reflection in the mirror.
And all his abilities are still new, so too his fast healing and other things, hence the sedative taking a while to fully leave his system but working fast enough to wake him up after about 20 minutes.
Silence descended upon the room as they all let the words sink in. Eventually, Peter was the one to break the silence. "Can I say something? I think I've got an idea."
Various shouts of welcome back or something similar went around as Peter remained frozen in the doorway. His dad approached him, clapping him on the shoulder like he always did, the first familiar thing so far.
Peter was only listening with one ear to Bruce as he went over his injuries and estimated how long they will take to heal, taking into account his body's increased resilience as witnessed by him falling off a highway and landing without a scratch. Aunt May took the whole mutation of her nephew's DNA quite well, though that might have more to do with the lack of news of uncle Ben.
Peter couldn't help but wonder if the distant avenger had gone slightly mad. Before he could foolishly speak his thoughts out loud, the wizard opened a portal and pulled both of them through. Peter nearly face-planted from the sudden shift in surroundings.
At Peters outrageous expression she burst into laughter, a sound so sweet it had Peter completely forgetting about his troubles. At an attempt to save what little dignity he had, he swatted playfully at her trying to make her stop, although truthfully he didn't want her to stop.
Ned remembered this incident. Ned remembered Peter as his best friend. His own dad didn't know he was Spider-Man?! He'd told both of his dads a year ago!
worry, Friday informed him that Steve had been waking up. Hoping that Peter already heard about it somehow and was waiting for Steve, he made his way down to the medical floor.
"Peter?! Kiddo? Pete?!" Tony tried to get a reaction but his son barely moved or acknowledged his presence. His eyes were barely open, but unseeing. It worried him more than the injuries which would heal fairly easily for Peter and if Steve's expression as he broke the binds was anything to go by, he too worried greatly for the unresponsive.
4. Two years later the plot of The Amazing Spider-Man film took place. [Thus Peter became Spider-Man at 15 instead of 17 as in the film canon.]
Peter's hearing picked up movement, shoes scraping against the ground, clothes rustling, even heartbeats for a few seconds. It was distracting enough that he blanked out for a few second by which the group of strangers had indeed taken different actions.
getting in the elevator shaft. Peter waddling into the lab with all of Tony's dangerous experiments and devices in the open, ready for eager little hands to explore. All manner of dangers existed in the tower, far more than any normal home. Add to that a plethora of people now that the avengers had more and more people join...!
"Suck up." Peter retaliated with a mischievous grin. "And no, I haven't been slacking. See if that is better, if not I can try something else." He grabbed his bag, stuffing all his own tools back inside. "Now let me get out of here before you two start giving each other the googlie eyes."
"You've seen how skittish the guy is. As soon as we show up, unless the threat is not dealt with yet, he makes a run for it. Almost makes you wonder what he has against us."
"We've got him. I've sent a medical team immediately when we heard what had happened. They are taking care of him right now."
"JARVIS scanned the cars. There were three. You were in the middle one. I tried to stop the last car but they panicked and drove right into the car you were in. I was so scared I'd lost you." To emphasize this his dad hugged him again mindful of Kalyca and the fact he was in his iron man armor.
Peter sighed as his list of options dried up before his eyes. "I'm just going to have to convince them that Spider-Man isn't as bad as they think."
It was already too late. Startled by the nurse and the following red lights and alarms, Peter ran for the door pushing past the remaining nurse and doctor who didn't stand a chance as they got thrown nearly across the room. Bruce tried to follow but collapsed onto his hands and knees with a pained groan as the hulk pushed to be released. Raakel snarled as she flattened herself to the floor nearby, watching the green snake its way onto Bruce's skin.
"No, and that's final." Tony stared his enemy down, trying not to look at either Steve or Peter. He couldn't lose his resolve and one look at them and he would. "I don't believe you, so my answer is no. Your turn."
"Let go of me." Peter shot back before pulling himself free of the iron grip. "What's the matter with you?"
"Man, I could really eat something." Sam said as he made a beeline for the fridge. The only other avengers around right now were Rhodey and Barton, who were lazing about.
Ned looked somber at his answer. "You really don't recognise me?" Peter shook his head, despite feeling horrible for admitting the truth. Clearly Ned had been expecting a lot more fomr this encounter. Had he saved him once and forgotten about him? "Could you take off your mask?"
"Dad, I'm sorry-" Tony didn't give him the chance to finish, all control over his emotions were out the window and PEter was taking the brunt of it all despite his intentions.
Peter shook his head. "Nope. Not really, except for the tired bit but I guess the stuff isn't all out of my system?"
"NO!" Peter took one step forward before the source exploded and a wave of energy so powerful washed over him, instantly knocking him out.
"Not on my life!" Peter wanted to be proud of his uncle for standing up to what were clearly turning out to be intimidating and dangerous men, but right now worry for the safety of both his uncle and aunt won out. He made his way, quietly, down the stairs just catching a glimpse of his still struggling aunt as she was hauled into the living room.
Even if he did stumble and mess up now, he was confident his dads would protect him now that he saw them circling him like this. The rest of the morning was spent flying around the tower and scaring the other avengers through the windows, especially his uncle Clint.
"I think we've reached the sewers." Peter followed the smell only to suddnely have the wall he was following along, disappear. With a cry of surprise he tumbled forward, his uncle being wholly unprepared plummeted right along with him.
"Yes, so you had better not have done something to get me in trouble when you went off on your own."
Peter woke up from the sun shining through the gap in his curtains. Still half asleep he dragged himself out of bed, maneuvering around Kalyca who lay curled up against his stomach. When his hand made contact with a wall rather than a door, it occurred to him he shouldn’t be able to see the sun so early through his window with how tall the Avengers’ tower was. He turned around and observed his room, noticing the lack of items that usually occupied the space. Kalyca yawned and stretched before giving him a pointed look.
Peter was breathing heavily by the time he stepped into the elevator of the Avengers' tower, his home. Cold sweat trickled down his back causing him to shiver. His stomach churned unpleasantly and he felt far too warm to be comfortable. As he leaned heavily against the wall, a familiar voice responded to his presence.
A hand closed around Peter's upper arm and by reflex Peter pulled his arm forward to free himself causing said person to stumble forward so violently he fell forward and banged his head on a nearby table. He  was out cold instantly. Peter could not believe his luck. What the hell was happening to him?!
Peter did not calm down. He didn't know what was happening to him, already he had knocked out two innocent people without even trying and he needed to see his dads.
For those confused about the timeline and everything. This is the basic headcanon I used for this particular drabble/one-shot and the one I mostly work with in this fandom, although with minor tweaks here and there to suit my needs for every story:
The wind swept through his hair as Peter stood waiting atop the tower. Though normally he loved to watch the city form up here, today this was not the case. Nervously he circled his burgundy wings closer around himself. The wind ruffled his feathers, the feeling not unwelcome but only reminding Peter of what was about to happen today.
"No!" Peter looked up halfheartedly, recognising the tone of voice as more dramatics than actual alarm.
"What?" his dad said at his silent stare. "Do I have something on my face? Clint, if you did something...!" He wandered away in an angry huff, his threat trailing off unfinished even as Clint waved in response.
Like a sledgehammer against a wall, his emotions surged alive and he stumbled back as his legs turned to jelly. Both his dads reached for him but it was the solid wall at his back that caught him. He slid down in a rush, even as tears slipped from his eyes without consent. The first hand trying to offer comfort, set off a burst of anger so violent, it shocked Peter himself. A surge of adrenaline fueled by his anger, had him leaping up but he didn't get far before strong arms encircled him, restrained him.
Tony stood frozen, watching without looking as Steve crumbled beside Peter. Qatara began to howl and Basil shook beside him, unable to hide or control his emotions unlike his human. Tony did nothing to soothe his daemon. He couldn't. Basil's grieve was his own and just like no one could help him, he couldn't help Basil.
"I'm afraid the situation is more dangerous than you believe." Strange revealed seriously. "I do not believe you were being followed by a someone, but rather a some
"I really don't know. I can't figure this out on my own, but I can't go back to the Tower. Spider-Man isn't welcome there"
"Actually yes. I'm not who you think." Peter took a deep breath before spilling his guts, figuratively. "I'm from a different universe."
Peter hesitated for only a moment. No lies. Not with Gwen. "I came across an article of Dr. Connors and it....well it was intriguing, fascinating. I guess I wanted to meet the man himself?"
Anyway, some notes on this prompt at the end as I couldn't explain everything of this new headcanon in the prompt itself.
Steve pulled Tony away from Bruce as Qatara grabbed Basil by the neck and carried him away creating some distance. Bruce did not move away or try to strike back for which Steve was grateful. Raakel rubbed against his leg in comfort yet continued softly growling, a clear sign that Bruce was still feeling that surge of anger at Tony's actions, despite not wanting to feel that way. However, there didn't seem to be a risk of the Hulk appearing. Bruce had enough control right now.
"I'm aware of recent events, Peter. I've been keeping an eye on you all and I followed you more closely when I noticed you leaving on your own."
"Clearly." He responded still looking warily at him. "Why don't you go home for the day, take it easy. I'll see you tomorrow if you're up to it."
Kalyca surprised him by licking Basil's nose before burrowing in Peter's side again as the cold wind from outside howled its way into the car.
She screamed as the duck daemon sagged to the ground, his wings turning to dust at an alarmingly fast rate.
“PETER!” Kalyca shouted as she ran for the door, Peter scrambling to get up. “I’m sorry! I don’t know why this is happening!” He wrenched open the door ending up with the doorhandle in his hand.
Tony looked aghast as he realized that his son may have very well taken his words to heart. Had Peter actually run away from home? "I yelled at him. I told him to leave."
Peter turned back to the boot thruster of his dad's suit he'd been working on, missing the compassionate look Steve threw his way. Already mentally beating himself up for bothering the man and for allowing his loneliness to get to him again, he nearly jumped out of his seat when Steve sat down with him.
"That's my name. Now can you explain how you know that? I don't exactly go around revealing that information."
"Norman!" The Vulture stepped forward looked concerned at Peter. "The Avengers won't stand for that. They'll come at us with everything they've got."
"I think I can explain that." Bruce said as he looked at everyone in the room. "It's the reason I didn't allow anyone in to see Peter. I needed to talk to him first, because of Kalyca."
Tony regretted it immediately but he waited a few seconds to compose what little was left of himself. But by the time he turned around to apologise, Peter was gone. Never had he hated himself more but he vowed to make it up to Peter when this was all over, when he knew his husband would be alright.
"No, you couldn't have done more. You couldn't have done better." Steve puleld him into a hug then and felt Peter relax in his embrace, finally letting go of the festering guilt and hurt as sobs broke free from his throat. "I'm proud of you, son. You did all you could and you are so, so very brave."
"Really?" Steve leaned in closer this time. "You did not get even the tiniest bit emotional when your son kissed you on the head and told you he loved you?" He quickly poked Tony in his sensitive side and before long had him begging for mercy at the tickle attack.
The first thing Peter heard when he and Ned stepped out of the elevator was a lot of shouting. He turned sheepish eyes to Ned, silently apologizing for what was probably going to be a chaotic encounter curtesy of Peter's more exuberant uncles. Ned just gave him in awkward but knowing smile in return. It wouldn't be the first time Ned had his head spun, figuratively so long as they kept an eye on Thor.
"I know, I know.. I was worried, scared... I know that's no excuse, but it's happened. I can't change that."
Tony shook off his surprise at the fiesty daemon before putting his hand on Peter's head in a paternal way that was very unlike himself. He just did it on instinct.
Knocking on Peter's door got him nowhere. There was no answer. "Peter? Are you in there?" Still nothing. "I'm coming in, Peter."
"Did something happen?" Bruce asked looking from the doting parent to the other two avengers slumped down on the stools in utter relief, having no idea of the heroic deed he had performed by scooping up the wandering toddler a few hallways back and returning here.
"This universe's Peter Parker died. You are Peter Parker from a parallel universe where you did not die."
"Calm down, I'm fairly sure you're not dreaming. Now how did you get my number and what do you want from me?"
He sighed before answering. "No, that's alright. Thank you for the offer, but Steve is right. Peter just wants to be alone for now." Turning to said husband and pointing a finger threateningly at him; "But he'd better let me know he's alright within an hour or I will send my drones after him."
His family fighting reckless and withour regard of innocents caught in the fighting, even sometimes aiming to harm them to gain the advantage over the guardians, who much to Peter's shock were fighting as his family used to fight. A front line group, fighting directly with the avengers, while the rest worked to help the people get away from the main battle.
"It really is you!" Ned exclaimed loudly when he finally released Peter. Peter asnwered by clapping a hand over his mouth and shushing him. "Sorry, it's just...I thought you were dead. How did you survive? I saw you're body! Can you come back alive? Is that a new spider ability you have?"
The tower was unusually dark as Peter creeped inside. Though he was still on time, he was cutting it so close he'd rather not alert his dads. Still, it was strange to see everything so dark, especially since the evening was still fairly young, for at least his dad.
He dropped beside the chair upon which Peter sat hunched forward and bound. His face was covered in bruises, his lip was split and his wrists were blood-caked, probably from trying to wriggle free of his binds.
"That's impossible. An explosion at the bay would not go unnoticed and there's been nothing on the news or even the police radio."
No wonder, his dad had reacted the way he did. He wasn't known for handling loss very well and not knowing Spider-Man was
But even worse than that, wer ein fact these so called guardians. Peter recognised some of them and it was too much to wrap his head around. In bright colors were some of his worst enemies, reacting to the sudden assault form the Avengers. Peter hung back on the quinjet, watching and observing an absolute nightmare.
"Ned, something isn't right here. I remember a completely different life. Similar in many ways, but none of this rings a bell. None of this happened to me. I've been Spider-Man for a while now and both my dads know I am Spider-Man. It doesn't add up."
"Hear what?" Peter noticed people had begun to stare as they passed by the pair. Not to hard to figure out why as Dr. Strange did not dress to blend in exactly.
"Long enough," Tony answered as he wiped his black smeared hands on a cloth. "Honestly, I would have expected either of you to notice me by smell alone."
"You got fanmail, Peter!" His dad exclaimed cheerfully, waving a letter in the air. "We checked it for all kinds of dangerous things, despite you being a fairly new superhero, but you can never be too careful. Now why don't you open it, because I am dying to know who your first fan is."
Aunt May could do nothing as these men dragged her unconscious nephew away. Their leader stopped beside her on his way out. "This could have gone far better, had you just cooperated."
! Be it only a minute or so, but still. He shuddered at the memory prompting Qatara to gently bump her head against his hand, drawing him out of it. He scratched her ear in thanks before looking around the room and noticing someone missing.
Bruce took hold of his other arm too, locking eyes with him so intensely, Peter wondered if he could see the Hulk in his uncle's eyes. "I will call them and you can head towards the meeting place, but you musn't go in. Not until we're there to back you up. Can you wait for me? Can you wait for your family?"
Thor approached Peter with a confident stride, reaching to grab hold of Peter, to restrain him. Peter didn’t even notice him, having turned around as if looking for something. As if he had eyes in his back, he spun around, grabbed Thor’s hand and flung him effortlessly over his back in a pro-wrestling move. He stumbled back as if confused, steadying himself on the wall as Thor, somewhat startled, scrambled back on his feet.
"Look at me." Pops told him as he crouched down in front of him. "I know this is scary, but I'm with you, you know that." He gently petted him on the head. "But if you really don't feel ready for this yet, we can stop right now."
"She has already hung up, sir. She merely wanted to let us know that Peter has gone to his aunt and uncle and will be staying there tonight."
Basil leaned towards Kalyca, carefully sniffling at her, not wanting to intrude on her space. Not only were he and Tony strangers to them, familiar strangers maybe, but Kalyca and Peter had also suffered a terrible loss recently. Gentle was the way to go.
"Vulture kidnapped her. I've got to go now!" Peter tried to pull away, but Bruce pulled him back around.
" Peter snapped back as his agitation grew. It wans't everyday one got stuck on a spaceship with a dangerous alien bug of some kind hunting you down.
I've borrowed a little from Marvel's spider-Man, so this sort of cross over a little with Tom Holland's version of spider-man, though it is very much an AU, since it's still based on Superfamily.
"Of course not." His pops hurried to assure him. Peter slowly put his school bag down before leaning on the counter, waiting for whatever surprise they had for him. It had only been a few months since he became spider-man and he knew they all worried about him.
He'd excused himself and hid away in his room, needing the space while they discussed what happened next. He knew he shouldn't have left the tower but after hearing his dads argue about him again -something about his pops being too gentle with him- Peter just
...from that stand point it did seem suspicious that out of all those people he managed to not save Peter. But none of this made sense!
Peter however was genuinely confused at what had just happened and felt in his right to ask exactly that. His pops held him gently by the shoulders as he made eye contact. Peter's eyes dragged themselves away at movement to the right, noticing his dad coming closer. A shaky hand joined his pops's on his shoulder, only further increasing Peter's anxiety.
Bucky didn't even turn to look at Peter, when he landed next to him as if he was expecting it all along. "You're grounded, kid."
But that was impossible. She was settled! She'd taken her permanent form. No daemon could shift once they settled. It was impossible! And yet there was no other explanation for what was happening. How often in his youth has he seen Basil shift to try out new forms.
Bruce took hold of his daemon, taking what little comfort he could in this situation while returning it to his daemon too. After all, her distress was his distress, her comfort was his comfort.
Norman Osborn stepped forward, sitting down in front of him. "Patience... is nto something I'm known for. But you were Harry's friend once, so for his sake I will cut you some slack. Please answer our questions and make this easier on yourself."
Steve ran over to them and gently but urgently took Peter, hugging him as tight as he dared, before kissing him on the head, cheeks and nose causing even more giggling to erupt out of the tiny person.
"I wont really know what to look for until I've spoken to Peter. I need to know what exactly happened and what he was exposed to."
Peter turned his head towards the sound, trying to see his uncle Scott. Though it was exceedingly dark, his eyes had started to adjust ever so slightly to the lack of light. Enough that he could vaguely make out the general shape of his uncle who Peter realized was pushing himself up from the ground, slowly.
Half an hour into his walk he got the strangest feeling creep up his spine. Like someone was watching him, or worse - following him. So focusse dhe was on what was behind him, Peter didn't notice the portal opening before him, nor the wizard step out until he ran smack into the man.
Tony muddled over what he would say, what he could possibly say to fix this mess. When he reached Peter's room, he stared at the door for a solid minute before mustering the courage to knock. "Peter? Are you awake? Can we talk?"
Steve was just turning back the bedspread when Qatara's ears shifted and her head came up turning towards the doorway. Basil came jogging into the room jumping onto the bed beside Qatara and promptly began cleaning his fur, clearly agitated. Tony followed suit clenching and unclenching his hands as he walked to his side of the bed and began to get ready for bed.
An awkward silence stretched between Gwen and Peter until they reached the nearest coffeeshop and they were forced to speak to get their order. They sat down at a window booth, both staring at their coffee. Kalyca chastised Peter over their bond, not wanting to embarrrass Peter by speaking out loud. Peter for his part tried to appear calm and not like he was arguing with his daemon.
"Not fair, daddy." Still smiling, Peter playfully pushed at Tony, but Tony was faster and stronger and lifted Peter easily upside down. He dropped him, gently, on the sofa before abruptly blowing a raspberry on his stomach. "That is one to make you squeal."
When his dads walked into the room a little while later, his pops apparently having found his dad, Peter noticed the tension immediately. He didn't even need to look at their daemons who had their heads down and clung to their respective human. Peter barely noticed his aunt May getting up on shaky legs, his own eyes caught by his dad and the air of defeat around him.
"Yeah, I guess it's a sort of fear of abandoment. I lost my parents when I was young and I guess it left it's mark on me. Dad tries not to leave me alone too long, but it can't always be avoided."
"If you try to bring anyone else in on this, the chance is great they'll be influenced by this creature. Do you really want to risk that?"
If Peter had been in his rational mind, he would know he was safe in the tower, his home. But he wasn't in his rational mind. He resisted the hold, tried to push this person away. When it didn't work, Peter got angry and pushed with all his might. Horrified he watched the man collide with the wall and drop to the ground unconscious.
"Peter! Catch!" Aunt Nat, who had been flying the quinjet, tossed him a brightly colored, orb of some kind. "Toss it and have some fun!" She laughed as she tossed her own out the open door.
Back in his room, he quickly got dressed as he worried about how to explain the state of the bathroom to his aunt and uncle, though he should probably shut off the water in the house first.
"Alright then. Hold my hand." Peter did as he was told, watching mesmerized at his pops' wings as they were invoked. Large, blond almost golden, feathers blossomed before him into beautiful wings that would make many people jealous, and had in the past.
Peter was screaming his throat raw, throwing his limbs around wildly with no concern for who he might hit or how badly he might hurt himself in the process. If they didn't stop him soon, he'd end up bashing his head on something. Steve was always careful not to use too much strength at home, especially with Peter but now was not the time to be gentle.
, but a heartwrenching sob broke free of his tight control and before he knew it he was crying uninhibitedly. He felt arms circle around him and for once he let himself be comforted by another person.
The towels were drenched in now time but as Peter turned to find more, he slipped on the water already on the floor and grabbed hold of the sink only to break it completely off the wall. Dumbstruck Peter sat on the floor, sink in his lap and water covering everything.
Clint just whirled around on the unstable genius, anger radiating off him. "Get it together, man! You are not the only one who lost that kid! Why must you push everyone away!"
Which Harry Osborn for visual references and such should I use. I'm undecided between Harry Osborn as portrayed by James Franco or by Dane DeHaan? Although Dane belongs with Andrew's spider-man which is the movie I'm basing this all on, I'm unsure about using the same Harry Osborn.
The hands on his shoulders tensed ever so slightly, his aunt's sobs nagged at the back of his mind and ever so slightly he began to notice a flicker of distress coming from Kalyca. It forced him into motion without warning. An almost desperate need to proof that they were lying, somehow, overcame him. He threw the sheet clean off his legs and was out of the bed before anyone could stop him.
Peter looked away, not wanting to be reminded of the fall out with his dad. "I just needed some air." He was secretly pleased even Dr. Strange cared about him. Though Peter wasn't as close to all the avengers and thus not all of them were his aunts and uncles, all the avengers were considered family by all. Having proof that even the estranged wizard cared meant a lot to Peter.
Tony gave his son a minute to calm down from his explosive laughter. Then he gestured for Peter to come close. He lifted peter on his lap, before carefully lifting the boy's knee to his lips. A small kiss was put on the bandaged injury. "A kiss to make it all better."
Warning!: Minor warning for unintentional manhandling between parent and child. I'm not sure it can be viewed as abuse, but just in case I wanted to warn of it. Read at your own descretion.
For a moment Tony watched Thor, considering the offer. But he knew Peter had left his phone on purpose, so he couldn't track him. A clear indication he wanted to be left alone. Why he couldn't be alone in his room, in the safety of the tower with the entire avenger family present to watch out for him, was beyond Tony.
Bruce spared a glance at his daemon, sitting on the edge of the desk, eyes focused not on Bruce but towards Peter, or more precisely Kalyca. Raakel appeared calm but Bruce could feel her unease at the situation through their connection.
A little later, aunt May entered and upon seeing Peter rushed over and hugged him tight. "Peter, oh my sweet boy. You're alright. I was so worried. They wouldn't tell me anything and they took Ben for surgery and I've just been waiting for any news."
By no means is there any medical or scientific knowledge here on my part. This is all just imagined knowledge to fit my story. In no means does it fit reality unless by accident. After all, I'm playing with fictional superhumans and aliens in this fandom :)
"Why wouldn't Peter want Tony to track him?" Steve asked suspiciously. He looked pointedly at Tony, knowing something had happened.
"Good. Thank him for me, will you. Now please leave me alone." Tony collapsed on the sofa believing it to be said and done, but the damn archer refused to leave. Instead he sat down across from him. "Leave me alone, Barton!"
, when he’s six hours into a three-day-non-stop kind of project. He tilts his head, goggles slipping halfway down his nose, and waggles his eyebrows at Steve. Steve scoffs a little, but leans over to press a kiss to Tony’s temple before reaching for the screwdriver.
And it’s— it’s not a huge thing, it’s just burgers, but Steve knows his favorite restaurant closes before Tony gets off, and he knows Tony never remembers to order them while he’s still on the clock, and the place in question is pretty far away from Steve’s apartment
“No,” Tony repeats, “you died, Peter. Barely more than a year ago, you died. I don’t see how you think this is a point of negotiation.”
Steve freezes, lets the words process, then struggles vehemently against the urge to break composure. “I’m sorry?”
Steve comes home from work the next day to see Bucky tucked up against Sam on the couch, watching the soothing nature channel under a pile of blankets. The kitchen is an absolute wreck, which means Sam has been stress baking at night-before-MCAT levels of intensity. Sitting on the coffee table is a truly ominous mountain of Snickerdoodles.
When he gets to the basement, the elevators doors pull apart to the sound of the opening chords to AC/DC’s Back in Black. Steve frowns, double-checks his directions, and then shoots a quick text to Peter that says ‘if I get murdered down here MJ gets my pencil cup’. He steps out of the elevator and approaches the first door he sees, hovering carefully over the handle. He knocks, but he’s certain the sound is drowned out by the music. After a couple moment’s hesitation, he cuts his losses and tests the handle, finding it unlocked.
“It’s a running joke around the office,” Margaery from accounting tells him, proudly holding up a Polaroid of Tony mid-sneeze. “GQ sent this framed photo of him for the reception hall, and one night someone replaced it with a printed picture of him laughing so hard he was squirting soda out of his nose. We all just about died from how funny it was. Ever since, the only photos we hang up of Tony are the silliest-looking ones. We just like to tease him.”
“Okay,” Steve says, gently disentangling himself from Tony. Tony lets him go, but curls around Steve’s mismatched assortment of throw pillows. “I really gotta head to work. You can let yourself out whenever, and of course you’re welcome to anything in the fridge."
Steve makes a derisive noise in the back of his throat and takes hold of Tony’s chin. Tony blinks at him. “Listen to me. You can color your hair if you really want to and if it makes you feel confident. I’ll find you beautiful either way. But in my genuine, honest opinion,” Steve pauses, brushes a couple of silver strands away from Tony’s forehead, “you look nice like this. And if my entering this room and promptly dropping to my knees at the edge of the bed wasn’t enough to prove that to you, then, frankly, we should revisit this whole ‘genius’ designation you’ve been given. May no longer be applicable.”
“I’m just saying,” Tony presses on, waving around a fry soaked in garlic sauce. “I’m thinking maybe that thing is not so different from my honesty thing. I’m thinking maybe you’ve got everyone fooled with that steady ‘Some Men Can Be Islands’ routine, but you’re actually just as terrified of love as the rest of us.”
Steve pauses, glances briefly at the open folder on the desk next to them. Panic flares in his chest, quick and overwhelming, like ice water rising through his lungs. He looks back at his husband. “Because, this, Tony, I don’t—I don’t know if I can do this. I don’t know if this is what I signed up for. I need you to try to fix it, okay? For me, for your husband, you have to try.”
Tony rolls his eyes and scoots off of Steve’s lap, falling back against the bed and tugging Steve on top of him. Their legs slot together under the covers, and Steve slips a hand between Tony’s back and the mattress, large palm settling at the base of Tony’s spine. Tony wriggles underneath him, loosely wraps his legs around Steve’s hips.
Tony makes a throaty snorting sound and shifts so that he’s twisted even tighter in the blankets, dappled sunlight spilling across the expanse of his back.
Tony spends half his life in the air and he knows that, logistically, the wind does produce a sort of high-pitched sustained note, but he still hates the turn of phrase. Whistle's just too hi-ho-to-work-we-go, too frail for the stomach-dropping feeling of wind in his hair, skin that stings from the cold, and a jaw locked in concentration. Right now, when he’s standing on the roof of his tower in a suit of a different kind, with fingers clasped loosely around a bottle of whiskey—
The house feels uncomfortably empty the day Pepper and Rhodey leave, but the respective presences of Riri and Steve nosing about largely abate the feeling. It's shockingly easy how he and Steve have fallen back into a friendship, back into a routine. They each set these arbitrary boundaries that Tony flirts with the limits of every once in a while, even as Steve respects them to the letter. Tony figures that's probably a good idea, at least until they hammer out the finer details of whatever the hell kind of tension still exists between them.
Tony’s in a losing fight against a smile as he claps his uninjured palm over Steve’s mouth, “Hawaii, you asshole. Though I’m starting to think it wouldn’t be far enough away from your high-and-mighty eyebrows.”
They’re quiet. Steve runs his hand up and down Tony’s back, and Tony takes increasingly steady breaths against the crook of his neck. He hates that he doesn’t recognize the shirt Steve’s wearing. Tony hates that he can no longer pick up the scent of his own cologne on Steve’s skin— hates that instead it’s…
“I’m always drunk," Tony mutters, something resembling resignation creasing his brow. He looks away from Steve, eyes dim and unfocused. "That’s really something you should know about me before we continue this conversation.”
“That’s your question?” Steve asks. He looks and sounds tired, but he’s smiling, hand resting over the delicate bones in Tony’s ankle. The weight in Tony’s chest is still there, but it feels like someone has slathered rainbow frosting just on top of it. The effect is feeble, but marginally better than standing on the roof alone.
“He’s hurt pretty bad. Broken arm and a head injury. Needed stitches in a couple places. They’re keeping him overnight for observation. We’ve got another friend, Thor — he says Brock and a couple other idiots keep hovering outside the hospital. They’ve tried to call the cops on him but Brock has connections inside the police department, and he’s worked private security for city council member Alexander Pierce, so no one cares. If I had been there—“
to. He can’t grasp at the passion or drive or will to do anything more than stare at the ceiling. He remembers feeling like this from time to time back in college, except everything’s worse now because he knows the safety of the entire universe depends on him getting out of bed.
“Everyone’s on an adrenaline rush after a battle, people do all sorts of crazy stuff, it’s pure expressions of instinct!”
What exactly they're denying exactly, he doesn't want to think about. Frankly seems like a problem for Future Tony.
Steve smiles back, and Tony meets him halfway when he leans in, placing a gentle hand on Steve’s collar. The press of their lips, now, is an achingly soft, familiar thing. Like the idiotic, sappy fuck he is, the following thought darts quickly across Tony’s mind: he doesn’t mind helping until he’s sixty, until he’s nothing but a pile of bones in a tin can suit, as long as he gets to keep coming home to this.
And the guy is still as boring as he was thirty seconds ago, except he’s at an angle where Tony can see his ass, and he’s struck with the jarring feeling that it’s not only a fantastic ass but a
“If they’re still not listening after today, let me know. I’ll get into direct contact with the Dean and see if I can do anything.”
The crowd subtly parts for Tony, though people’s eyes catch on Steve like he’s some sort of zoo animal. He almost unconsciously tightens his grip around the calloused fingers clasped between his, and suddenly Tony’s coming to a stop, tugging Steve close and settling his hands on Steve’s narrow waist. Steve doesn’t really know what to do with his own hands, so he settles for placing them on Tony’s shoulders, though the proximity nearly makes him vibrate out of his skin.
“That just looks like 6 slightly differently sized exclamation points,” he says, brow furrowed in patriotic confusion. His profile is so handsome. This observation is accompanied by a funny feeling in the pit of his stomach, but Tony wants to rub his face on Steve’s face about 90% of the time these days, so that’s easily brushed aside slash repressed along with his three thousand other inappropriate issues.
“Whew,” Steve says, leaning his head back against the step above him. The soft carpet cushions his neck nicely. He could probably take a nap here. “How much longer do we have to watch Bucky grind on drunk bridesmaids?”
“Oh,” Tony’s smiling a little. Maybe. The whole moment feels surreal, like Steve couldn’t possibly be the one experiencing it. “There’s way too many people here. And I’m sweating like a motherfucker. Was that good?”
Brock looks strangely affected by this information, fingers flexing in a vaguely threatening way. Steve’s watched muscly guys do that too many times to be afraid — it’s usually preceded by a punch, and Steve can take a punch — but the mannerism does pique his interest.
“Jarvis?” he says, loosening his tie and shrugging off his suit jacket. He drops them on the floor, even though he knows Pepper will give him judgey eyes for it the next morning. “Will you order five— nah, let’s do six— six cheeseburgers and also a milkshake?”
Things start to get a little clearer when, during one dewy Tuesday morning, Tony wakes up to find Sam Wilson bleeding on his front porch.
“America’s rearing to leave,” Steve emerges from the workshop, adjusting the straps of his uniform around his wrists. The suit T’Challa’s sister made him was destroyed in the last battle, so he’s wearing an older one, something dark and functional but still vaguely patriotic. “We’re lucky she even called us at all. Get a pin on their location, yet?”
Steve opens the attached document, and his heart literally skips a beat at the number printed next to ‘salary’.
Nobody answers for a second. Tony’s looking at Peter now, taking his arm in a solid, comforting grip. MJ and Ned are looking at their shoes. Dread settles into the pit of Steve’s stomach.
Steve is dimly aware that Tony is still talking, but these days he finds he really only has to listen to about 54% of whatever Tony is saying. He generally
“What do you want to do?” Steve sits up, hooks his hands in the backs of Tony’s knees and settles him properly in his lap. “If you could do anything in the world today, what would it be?”
“Congratulations, Mr. Stark,” he sniffles, and then moves to stand beside Rhodey. Rhodey hands him a handkerchief and he blows his nose very, very loudly. Tony tries not to wince at the sound, but he thinks he might let something slip anyways because Peter starts looking reproachfully at his shoes. Tony’ll have to fix that later. The solution will probably (definitely) depend on copious amounts of wedding cake.
“Yeah, alright,” Tony sighs, but he couldn’t sound more bored with the idea. He drains the rest of scotch and sets the glass on the floor. As he comes back up he glances at Steve’s notebook, eyes flicking over the rough sketch in interest. It’s Natasha on the page, though her face is turned away from the viewer, so Tony probably wouldn’t be able to identify her anyways. She’s doing a pirouette, arms curved in a graceful arc above her head.
Tony turns to look at him. His eyes are closed, hairline a little damp from sweat, cheeks ruddy with the day’s effort. There’s dirt smudged on his forehead and his neck. He’s beautiful in a way that makes Tony physically ache, and Tony just
Pepper leans over to squeeze his hand before retreating to the passenger seat, eyes wide and a little sad.
Steve sets down his brush and looks down at his person. He’s wearing a paint-spattered sweatshirt and a pair of yoga pants he haphazardly plucked off the debris of his bedroom floor this morning. In fact, he’s 75% sure they’re actually Natasha’s. “I mean… is it really okay if I go over there looking like this?”
be making an exception this year in the form of a list of New Year’s Resolutions. —Well, not so much a list, exactly, it’s more like one very loud, very obvious, very critical proposition. He’s gonna write it down, put it on his calendar, say it to Jesus, and do whatever the fuck normal people do to make these things happen. In fact, even though they’re only halfway through December, it’s already emblazoned in his mind in big, flashing neon letters: STOP SLEEPING WITH EX-HUSBAND.
When he whizzes past a sign that declares he’s officially outside city limits, his breath feels a little looser in his chest.
“Well,” Steve’s mouth tips into a crooked, humorless smile, “If you think it’ll tire you out, old man—“
Steve’s brows only draw further together, jaw tightening in tandem. “You’re drunk,” he repeats, voice dark and disapproving.
“Should I call Bucky?” Steve asks, wringing his hands nervously. “This looks bad, I feel like I should call Bucky.”
Steve cranes his neck to bring their mouths together, loosing a small, contented sigh as Tony leans down to meet him. He pulls back after a moment, brushing a little hair off Tony’s forehead. “I love you, too.”
“So what was the cause?” Tony asks, gently tugging Steve towards the direction of the exit. Steve goes easily, squeezes Tony’s fingers.
Tony immediately expects to hate it because he's never been a little spoon kind of guy, even in his previous sexual escapades with men, but it's— well. Maybe it's different, because it's Steve. That frighteningly pale arm is familiar, he can take hold of it and trace the ridges of Steve's knuckles and know where they've been, where they're going to be.
“How did you find me?” Tony presses, though he suspects it has something to do with the “literal genius” bit.
“You are a middle-aged man,” Steve sighs, brushing a quick kiss against Tony’s head before releasing him into the living room. “The cardiologist said—“
“Huh,” Tony’s eyes go all soft, and he rests his thumb on Steve’s lower lip. “You know, you talk real good, Rogers. Especially for a blonde.”
“That’s bullshit and you know it. You don’t even have to show me how to use the suit, I’ll figure that out on my own, just help me finish it! I’m so close, Tony.”
“Because she’s fifteen. Fifteen-year-olds shouldn’t be making armor, they should be reading Twilight and asking each other to the high school dance.”
He’s quiet for a moment, looking away from Riri and towards the scene in front of him. Steve kicks America’s legs out from under her and the second America gets back on her feet, she throws him into the side of the house. Tony watches and contemplates, fingers drumming incoherent patterns against the side of his thigh.
As time inches into December, Steve finds he’s actually not doing too bad with the last one. As he makes his way home from a long shift at the gallery— nose red, hands frozen, goosebumps all over from the frigid New York air seeping under his coat — he’s not thinking about Tony at all. He’s mostly thinking about dinner, and how he really regrets promising himself no more McDonald's.
Because there, at the center of his apartment, stands Tony Stark, a real Christmas tree, and what appears to be about fifty different garbage bags. In addition to this, there is a string of (mostly broken) Christmas lights draped haphazardly over his mantle, a truly absurd amount of mistletoe hanging from every obvious archway in sight, and a dancing Santa Figurine doing the Macarena on Steve’s kitchen table.
Tony, who was in the middle of his third and a half rant about Steve’s weird, geriatric habits, freezes and raises an eyebrow. Rhodey has this deadpan expression on his face, the one that means Tony’s missing something that should be really obvious to someone who’s supposedly this smart.
The label is printed in neat black letters. The sight sparks a disorienting mix of emotions at the center of Steve’s chest, and he's—off balance, somehow. Like this thin, unassuming file folder has somehow come to life and dispensed a physical blow.
It’s the kind of encouragement that used to make Tony want to punch Steve in the face - that relentlessly positive worldview, that search for hope in even the darkest corners of a life or a shitty situation or the aftermath of a loss. Knowing what Tony had known, knowing that Steve’s outlook would only ever break both their hearts - it had been unbearable.
Steve settles into the seat next to Tony, picking up his own fork and sectioning off a bite. They’re silent for a few moments.
Sam’s niece hobbles towards the altar tossing rose petals at everybody. She falls about halfway through, and Peter, who’s the ring bearer, rushes down the aisle to scoop her up in his arms and carry her the rest of the way.
Despite his initial agonizing, however, he takes the job. He emails Ms. Potts an hour and a half before the deadline, resolutely ignoring Bucky’s evil eye the entire time. Bucky is understandably whiney about the fact that he and Sam are leaving him alone with weirdo subletters over the summer, but he’s also — kind of jumpy, which isn’t really like Bucky, so Steve resolves to visit him at least once if his schedule and salary allow. They both cry a little at the airport goodbye. It’ll be the longest they’ve spent apart from each other since Bucky studied abroad in Germany their junior year.
When Steve first suggested the whole ‘don’t see each other on the day of the wedding’ crap, Tony had been majorly skeptical.
A soldier in a fortress, Tony thinks, which is a pretty ridiculous thought to have about Captain America and his enormous limbs stuffed into a too-small bathtub, but there it is.
They fall asleep on the couch, playing that silly post-divorce game where they talk about everything and nothing with reckless disregard for the consequences of said conversation the next morning. Tony wakes up to the sound of a newscaster saying the storm has passed and travel is safe again.
And Tony ponders, as he watches Steve leave for work, how he could’ve thought forever was a burden. Forever — like Steve, like Ruby, like apple-picking for their one-year anniversary, like bickering over early-morning breakfast — is undoubtedly, unequivocally among the greatest of gifts Tony Stark has ever been given.
Steve scowls at the ultimatum, and it dimly registers that if they’d had this argument five years ago, they’d probably be having angry-work-through-your-feelings sex right now. In lieu of that, they eat dinner in complete silence and trade glares from opposite ends of the table. It only adds to Tony’s anger that the pasta is so fucking good. They wash the dishes side by side, Steve scrubbing and Tony drying. Maybe, Tony thinks, the key to domestic bliss is a constant undercurrent of tense anger lingering from world-security-threatening fights of several years’ past. He’ll text Martha Stewart about it later.
Tony, who is absurdly inebriated and has way too many weird feelings about Steve to be around him right now, suppresses the urge to sigh deeply. “What?”
“Right. Because when I think ‘who do I know who’s faced hardship’, the first name that comes to mind is definitely Brock Rumlow,” Tony mutters, voice dripping with sarcasm as he stares intently into Steve’s eyes like he’s searching for something. He’s—  he’s so close, now, close enough that Steve can feel the ghost of Tony’s breath fan out along the bridge of his nose.
Steve rolls his eyes like Tony’s being dramatic, like somehow it’s completely normal that a teenage girl named America fell through the roof of his barn and then decided to stick around for several days ‘cause she thought Steve was funny. “She’s too cool to be Loki. And if she wanted to kill me, I think she’d have done it by now because she’s certainly capable. Sometimes when she punches the air, these glowing portals shaped like stars appear, and when she hops through them I can’t find her for days.”
The corner of Steve’s mouth twitches. “It’s a, um. Ten-minute bike ride, so. Probably like a 2-minute car ride, and that would be kind of weird.”
Steve can’t find the tea anywhere (‘cause Riri really did blow it up) so he makes Tony hot chocolate and fishes some leftover cake out of the freezer, throwing it into the microwave and starting his meticulous defrosting protocol. Tony get the vague sense he ought to help, but the last reserves of his energy dried up after he answered the door.
He pauses like he doesn’t quite know what to say, faltering in a way that reminds Tony he’s not nearly as perfect as everyone thinks he is. And the thought isn’t even vindictive, really, because Tony loves Steve most in the moments he’s close enough to see all his cracks and broken edges.
“No, it’s just—“ Steve pauses, struggles to say exactly what he means. Some things never get easier, even after a lifetime with the man who loves him. “I just think the gray is kind of sexy.”
“We, uhhhh..... follow each other on Instagram,” Peter says sheepishly, and Tony has no idea whether or not to believe that. “Anyways, she told me you were helping with the suit and that it was getting better every day, and that there’s kind of a team forming out here, so I thought maybe since it’s a team of kids not really led by you I’d—“
It’s not even just that he’s tired—he could pop three caffeine pills and be ready to go—it’s more that he just… doesn’t
“Whatever it is you seem to be implying, Captain, you should be very aware of the fact I don’t know you half as well as I need to for us to be discussing it. Now, we’re going to go back downstairs, and if anyone asks—“
“You’re not making pancakes?” Tony asks, propping his elbows on the kitchen table and staring blankly at Steve
Brief, intense sympathy darts through Steve’s chest, but it’s mostly overpowered by embarrassment and anger.
The annoyance is surmountable. The fear— the fear is paralyzing; he can’t even turn past the cover page, he can't even breathe, really.
The part of Tony’s brain that’s still clinging to rational thought reminds him that Steve’s been in much worse scrapes for a much longer time before — ….but, that obnoxious little voice in his head reminds him, not since the earliest days of their relationship, and even back then, it’s never felt like this. Never felt like Tony’s insides are getting turned out, like if he slows down to think he won’t be able to breathe.
“I swear to god, Steve,” Tony breathes, arms wrapped around his neck, Steve’s teeth scraping across his pulse point, “If you fuck me right now, I will marry you. I will marry you so hard. I’ll be, like, a fifties housewife who quits her job and just stays home and makes really disgusting food in a poodle skirt.”
The problem is that Steve is absolutely not going to be the one to stop this. Tony knows that he could show up at any time, wearing anything, requesting any weirdly-specific sexual act, and Steve would let him in. He’d gripe about it, he’d tease Tony, he’d shoot him these horrible, chest-clenching looks when they’re
“That’s so cute,” Sunset says, voice dripping with sugar-sweet condescension. She abruptly lifts off the sofa, and Steve’s impressed that she rises in one fluid movement despite the fact she’s wearing somewhat menacing-looking six-inch heels. “Tony, I’m bored. Let’s go down to the lab, you can show me what you’re working on.” She turns to Steve then, a benevolent smile that reeks of falseness plastered across her face. “I run a company as well — Baintronics? Tony and I went to MIT together.”
“Sam said you wouldn’t notice,” Steve winces. “I rubbed one under my armpit. I haven’t showered in two days.”
I hope everything is going well at Arc. Say hi to Peter, MJ, and Ned for me. I miss them. Maybe the next time you’re in the city, we can meet up.
“I didn’t come back into your life to do this,” he insists, pressing his forehead against Tony’s, “I just wanted to be here for you, I could tell you were—“
“Are you going to try and eat that bagel in one bite?” Tony shoots back, eyeing him critically. Steve’s eyes narrow and Tony can tell he’s momentarily considering swallowing the thing whole just to spite Tony. He ends up just taking massive bites, and by Tony’s count he polishes the whole thing off in five.
The thing about Steve’s hands is that Tony used to be obsessed with them and he knows he could very easily get obsessed with them again. They’re huge and soft and Steve used to be so tactile: scraping his blunt nails through Tony’s hair and down his back, rubbing the tension out of Tony’s shoulders, tangling their fingers together under the cover of conference tables.
“You think it’s big enough?” Tony asks, taking a bite of burnt toast. He is literally incapable of using the toaster correctly and Steve has no idea why he insists on trying, day after day.
Sam sighs and wriggles around a bit, jostling the blanket mountain in his attempt to fish his phone out of the pocket of his sweatpants. He unlocks it and holds the screen up to Steve’s face, displaying a news alert titled in neat, black print. Steve’s blinks in confusion at the headline.
Steve’s breath hitches sharply as they lift off and Tony’s arm tightens around his waist. It’s a little silly, but the part of his mind that isn’t agonizing over Riri is thinking:
She’ll never love anyone more than she loves Steve, but Tony begrudgingly admits a mutual affection has developed between himself and the dog. Despite her reservations about doors, the second she sees Tony on the other side of one she’ll bound through it fearlessly. She doesn’t actually jump on him, but she will sit on his feet and look expectantly up at him with her weird, long face, very clearly demanding attention. He can’t really resist scratching her under the chin, even if he knows he’s just roped himself into an hour of snuggling where she will quite literally whine if he takes his hand away for more than fifteen minutes. She quiets down a little when he sings her Ruby Tuesday, but Steve looks so lovesick the first time that happened that Tony feels kind of manipulative doing it now.
he thinks, and that word’s almost always his reaction to a person so hot, but this feels markedly different.
When Tony fumbles into the penthouse after the Longest Day Of Meetings In The History Of Ever, he’s tired, hungry, and cranky from having to stare at ugly old people the entire day. He just wants to change into something comfortable and eat approximately five cheeseburgers.
Steve comes in, shuffling behind Tony and guiding him out of the doorway, one hand lightly hovering over the small of Tony’s back. He doesn’t move away but he doesn’t touch either, just gently but assertively ushers Tony into the kitchen. Tony collapses easily into one of the stools next to the island. There’s a chocolate stain on it from a couple days ago - he thinks America and Kate were helping Steve bake brownies. (Well. Kate was helping. America was eating stuff.)
She’s smart, she’s tough, and she’s fifteen, so she’s idealistic as hell. That combination of traits has terrified him from the second she first turned up on his doorstep, and it still does, but watching her now makes him realize that maybe possibility and opportunity exist alongside the threat of danger. Maybe they always have.
She loves roast chicken, running, elevators, DUM-E, and, most of all, Steve. Steve carries her like a puppy even if she’s far too big for it and he runs with her every day, even when it’s raining. He also gives her belly rubs, knits her sweaters, and talks to her when he thinks Tony’s not listening.
“Wrong!” Tony argues, “I’ve taken the Subway.” And it was true, he had. Six times exactly, three of them while on not-dates with Steve.
Tony blinks, narrowing his eyes at her. She’s not with the press - she looks too young to write for something other than the Middle School Gazette, and she appears to be holding a prototypical piece of iron man armor.
“They arrested Brock. I called my contacts in the city council and the commissioner’s office - the most I can find out is that someone went over the councilman’s head to the mayor, called in a personal favor. He’s being held in the 75th right now, one of the only Brooklyn precincts he doesn’t have friends in.”
“Okay,” Tony looks down like he’s steeling himself, readjusting his grip on the bouquet of paper flowers clasped in his hand. Steve barely resists the urge to start tapping his toe against the floor impatiently. “Steve — I… I was wondering, if maybe you’d want to have… dinner. Not at the diner. And not directly after work. Like, we’d both leave work, and then meet up a couple hours later. After showering. And getting.. changed. I mean, I guess you don’t actually have to change, whatever you do between the end of work and 8pm is none of my business, but—“
It’s only a little ironic that this thought passes through his head on the morning of the sixth day, when Steve Rogers turns up at his front doorstep.
They make the basement intentionally small and cozy, crowding it with old couches and framed pictures of their friends that are too embarrassing to put upstairs. In the corner is the foosball table from Steve and Bucky’s first apartment. Under the Lazy Boy is the plastic blow-up hammer Thor likes to wave around when he’s drunk.
Tony wants to be intentionally contrary about it — stay awake just to spite Steve, who has been right about way too many things this evening already — but his body starts to betray him almost immediately. By the time Steve is settling him against soft blankets and pillows, he’s already halfway to a dream.
Steve’s own bathtub, in his room in the tower, to be specific. It’s dry and clean and a dimly floral smell hangs from the walls. Steve really likes baths, but he feels guilty and over-indulgent whenever he takes them. Natasha has bought him a captivatingly colorful -- and, Tony might add, quite expensive -- array of specialized bath products in an over-the-top attempt to break him of his modesty. Based on the errant sparkles dotted across the rim, she must have managed some degree of success.
“Isn’t this kind of a letdown?” Steve asks, taking a long pull of water in an attempt to appear casual. “You know, spending New Year's Eve like this when we’ve been so... social in the past.”
There had been a time he thought Sam and Steve were— that they had started—... well. Tony's pretty embarrassed about it now.
“Stark Industries will no longer be manufacturing weapons. From this day forth, all our resources will be devoted to clean energy technology.”
“You are not coming up,” Steve tells him, and for a second Tony has this vivid fantasy that he’s saying it more for his own benefit than Tony’s.
Rhodes suddenly materializes next to him, ducking out of a car Steve realizes must be Tony’s. He offers Steve a friendly wave, and Steve returns it. Tony remains frozen, eyes flicking between Steve and Brock, some unreadable expression on his face. The spell is only broken when Rhodes tugs on his arm, effectively leading them both in the opposite direction.
Coincidentally, his appointment with Dr. Burford is the next morning. He takes it half because a massage sounds really fucking nice, and half because he’s trying to get away from Steve’s relentless fussing. Tony doesn’t get a wink of sleep that night, and during breakfast he feels skittish, cornered— his instinct is to recoil from Steve’s affection like a hissing cat. It’s embarrassing, to say the least, and not beneficial for the whole friendship schtick they’re on these days, so he has to get out of there.
Tony lends Steve the private jet. Any other time Steve would resist, but today he just hands over the key to his apartment and lets Tony usher him into a car with a course set for the tarmac. Tony carefully gets into the backseat next to Steve, keeps glancing at him like he expects Steve to kick him out.
“Tony Stark like Stark Industries, right?” he asks, reluctantly typing the name into Google. “The one whose dad died a couple years ago?”
“Tony, do you honestly think Thanos got the upper hand because you didn’t go to a high school dance when you were fifteen?” Steve’s got this voice, that one that’s both gentle and frustrated at the same time. This voice says ‘be kinder to yourself, you giant moron’. This voice says ‘I love you so much, why don’t you love yourself too?’
Tony wins, like, six times before Steve gets fed up and throws the paper football at his face, actually managing to give him a paper cut above his eyebrow. When MJ comes to tell them the drill is over, she sees Steve holding a damp paper towel to Tony’s forehead as they both converse in low, amused voices. She watches them for a couple seconds, then backs away from the door with a self-satisfied smirk.
. If you jump into Reed Richards’ death rip of doom, you— you shoot me a text first. Asshole. Asshole,” Tony repeats, and throws his arms around Steve again, burrowing his face in Steve’s neck.
Steve looks at him through lidded, hazy blue eyes. There’s sweat gathering on his cupid’s bow and his hair is damp, almost dark where it falls against his forehead. “Please,” he says, and Tony can barely look at him and remember how to breathe at the same time.
Steve reaches out, ghosts the tips of his fingers over the crow’s feet at the corners of Tony’s eyes, then presses down with a firmer touch. It dimly registers that he knows this man completely. He will never know anyone else like this, for however long he lives.
Tony hasn’t sent back or thrown out any of his clothes, so he sets a pair of sweats and a t-shirt onto the bed and ambles off to the kitchen to make hot chocolate.
So they’re in each others’ workspaces three days a week, they get lunch at the diner at least as often, and they play paper football in the break room even though Steve knows he’s gonna lose. Their time together is carefully constrained to work hours only, because as long as it’s on the clock or during a lull in the day, Steve can say firmly that it’s not a date. He is not dating Tony Stark. And he definitely, 100% doesn’t want to be.
“Is this supposed to embarrass me?” Tony asks, arms folded over his chest. “Because I maintain that I kicked ass in this fight.”
Tony doesn’t look up, but his smile widens as he pulls a fry through a stray glob of ketchup. “How’d you even end up at Arc in
“Asshole,” Tony accuses, and pushes off the edge of the counter, tapping at the center of his palm to re-engage the suit’s helmet.
“Fifteen,” she corrects, glancing up from her work and giving him the kind of murderous glare that would make Pepper proud. “Fifteen, but I’ve already witnessed someone die, gone to college, and learned how to file my family’s taxes. Only an idiot would treat me like a normal fifteen-year-old.”
He whines about it constantly, but Steve just says it’s a good thing he’s got so much time these days, since he’s so old and retired. That usually shuts Tony up.
“I was thinking we could go back to the place we got married — the mansion upstate,” Steve starts, eyes going all warm and fuzzy. “Rent it out, but this time it’s just the two of us. And Ruby Tuesday. I know it’s a bit extravagant, but we were so busy with preparations that we never really got to enjoy the place. I really wanted to go apple picking, check out the farmer’s market—“
“Everybody fails sometimes,” Steve shrugs, setting down his fork, “doesn’t mean you didn’t do things right, too.”
“Oh my god,” Steve says quietly, “I mean— oh my god? Who would do that? Who do we know in the fucking mayor’s office?”
“Like, all - all fucking chivalrous and sweet and shit. Offering to give the son of the merchant of death a ride home. Jesus. Someone’s going to take advantage of that if you’re not careful.” Steve would wonder if that was some sort of weird threat, but Tony sounds genuinely disgruntled and frustrated. The comment makes some strange emotion shift in Steve’s chest, though he convinces himself it’s as uncharitable as everything else he’s felt towards the man in front of him.
It’s not that he does a lot of teaching, really, but he gives a helpful guiding hint every now and then, usually at her prompting.
When Tony deposits Riri on her mom’s front doorstep, Ms. Williams comes out to talk to him. Tony briefly considers making a break for it, but he doesn’t think the people driving his getaway car would be very amiable towards the idea. Still, as Ms. Williams approaches with tired eyes and an entreating smile, everything in Tony screams run, run, run, run.
“Uh— hey, Steve. Sorry if this is weird. Rhodey said I should write a letter and trust me, I really, really gave it my best shot, but I kept trying to strike an appropriate letter-writing tone by using words like ‘thusly’ and ‘methinks’, which, like, if you knew me you’d know that’s… um. Not me. —So I made this. For you. It didn’t actually take that long, the technology is pretty simple, the crux of it’s basically—“
She holds up a finger and disappears inside of the house. A few moments later the garage door pulls up, and the small, affordable car enclosed roars to life. Steve jogs back to the truck, sliding easily into the driver’s seat.
The other intern, Peter, is on a whole other level. He’s worked directly with Tony on multiple different occasions and clearly idolizes him. Peter is such a well-meaning, earnest kid that Steve initially worries he’s buying into the public persona of Tony Stark, this unachievable hyper-masculine ideal that drinks all day, sleeps with beautiful women all night, and runs a company somewhere in-between. But once they actually get to talking, Steve realizes that Peter’s admiration feels much more personal.
Tony sighs at his own useless, self-immolating tendencies, and shifts around on the bed, eventually propping himself up on Steve’s chest. He runs his fingers along the beard, which is mostly poky and annoying, but has also left the insides of Tony’s thighs pleasantly red and sensitive. Steve looks up at him with luminous blue eyes.
“God,” Tony says, helpless to the urge to drift closer. “We’re not supposed to be doing this anymore,”
One night, coming home to a quiet apartment after a 6 hour shift at the bar, he sits down in front of his laptop to write an email. He tries to make it minimally pathetic, but it’s three AM and he’s feeling emotionally vulnerable and he listened to AC/DC on the Subway ride home. His original draft is about 6 paragraphs and he reads over it, instantly horrified, and abruptly erases everything.
He drives himself out there in a truck, of all things, ‘cause he can’t take one of the sports cars. It’s a stick. Takes him about 2 minutes to get the hang of it.
Tony frowns. That gel had been a part of Rhodey’s most recent birthday gift. It had come with a collection of other comically pointed items such as adult diapers, dentures, black and white movies, and prune juice. “I am not using that,” Tony says, and kisses Steve to shut him up.
“Right! Also, I’m kind of thinking maybe you could… be happy with me.” Tony shifts in place, his shoelace belt giving a little and sliding down his hips. “Like maybe we got the timing wrong, before. But it’s time to try again. Because I miss you. I can’t keep— spending every day thinking about you. Counting down the moments until I get to visit again.”
And then, about an hour into getting his ass very thoroughly comprehensively kicked, his mind starts to sharpen the way it used to— before… well, Tony doesn’t know. Before he started spending half his days in bed and the rest of the time getting panic attacks in the workshop.
Sam spends the night on the couch because, even as he insists he can manage it, Steve doesn’t want him going up the stairs. After a few painkillers and a hot meal he’s out cold, snoring pretty loudly as Tony and Steve make their way through the dishes.
Lo and behold, when Tony looks he finds a few tacky (also heart-shaped) helium balloons settled in the concave of his ceiling. The string is well out of reach of Tony, but when Steve stands up he’ll be tall enough to get them, and this only furthers Tony’s ire.
“People who don’t love each other don’t fight like that,” Riri says, glaring at him. She gives up after a couple seconds, turning back to her work with a small shrug. “That’s what my mom says, at least. I don’t really know anything about love.”
Steve is furious. Furious like he used to get before the serum – furious at some unknowable, unreachable thing, furious at the sudden immovability of the situation. He tamps it down the best he can, but it’s unreasonably hard not to give into the urge to throw something, especially when the paperweight Elon Musk gave Tony for Christmas is
Tony is wearing the sexy Santa costume, but the pants are a little big on him, so he appears to have tied a shoelace around his waist in an effort to prop them up. He is holding a very tangled popcorn and cranberry garland and looking at Steve with this adorably befuddled, slightly deflated expression.
The next time Tony’s eyes flutter open, time seems to have jumped forward, and it slowly registers that someone seems to be lifting him out of the tub, an arm supporting the crook of his knees and another wrapped reassuringly around his back. Tony has the fuzzy thought that he might want to protest, but, just like on the roof and in the tub, the contact feels ridiculously nice. How long had it been since someone touched him like this— held him like this?
Tony realizes that - discounting the brief hand on his shoulder several nights ago - this is the first time Steve has initiated prolonged physical contact since... Tony doesn’t know, since before Siberia.
“Seriously, Tony, there are so many gorgeous people in the room tonight. You couldn’t find one of them to entertain you?”
“I’m sorry, Honeybear, I know that’s been a long time fantasy of yours,” Tony pulls back to wink at him, pairing the gesture with a quick pinch Rhodey’s butt. Rhodey looks very affronted by this even though decades of friendship should have taught him to expect it.
Steve smiles, and this time, Tony sees his dimples, sees the creases around his eyes. He doesn’t actually sigh in relief, but it’s a very near thing.
“Divestment. Trying to get their university to use a different bank than Wells Fargo for their operating account.”
She’s pretty funny, so he invites her down to the workshop. He doesn’t work with her on her armor - he can’t bring himself to do that - but they tinker with the truck’s engine together, and he gives her a crash course on building an AI with personality.
“childish”, before Tony decides he’s going to be more mature than his nonagenarian boyfriend, and go down to the workshop to get something productive done.
The first thing they need is a new training facility. Throwing each other around on Tony’s property is great, but it only takes them so far; Kate needs targets, Peter needs climbing walls, and Riri needs her own lab. It would’ve been a bitch to build it all from scratch, but thankfully Steve reminds them that there already is an Avengers compound. It just maybe needs a renovation.
He’s about to say something enticing about a Twinkie when he notices his husband is staring very intently at his forehead.
“No,” he says, taking another small sip of his crappy coffee, “no. Just no white. That’s a rule, right? No white?”
(His relationship with May Parker is on the mend, but it’s taken a lot of long phone calls, painfully awkward dinners, and prodding from Steve to get there.)
“We don’t need to rob Tony Stark,” Sam admonishes, ever the voice of reason. “We are strong, independent millennials. And we all have steady jobs right now. We’re going to be just fine.”
“Because Tony’s the most shitty to people he really cares about,” MJ shrugs. Peter steals the pickle off her plate, wilts a little under her death glare, and takes a small bite before returning it.
Tony makes a slightly offended noise, because, hey, that's a variant on what was very recently his name, like, six months ago.
“They’re absolutely serious about that, dipshit. They don’t want you to vomit while you’re under anesthesia.”
It’s deeply embarrassing to Steve that they also seem to figure out Tony’s romantic designs for him despite Steve only divulging about fifteen percent of the full story.
Tony looks down at his knees, fingers curling in the sand. Steve used to do that kind of thing all the time - say stuff, unassuming, beautiful stuff that never failed to take Tony’s breath away. Tony can’t think of what to offer in response, but he knows he’ll be wondering what it all means into the early hours of tomorrow morning.
“He’ll be okay,” Sam says in a low, quiet voice. He strokes Bucky’s hair and Bucky burrows further into his shoulder, shifting in his sleep. “He’s shaken up and he’s already worried about the hospital bills, but he’ll be okay.”
Steve, however, has absolutely nothing better to do, not for this afternoon. So he stays, reads articles on his phone, refreshes his email, and listens to Natasha put a military officer through the kind of torture that might make the villains at Guantanamo shiver.
Steve’s shift ends and he lets Brock buy him a hot dog from the stand across the street. Brock’s eyes get all dark and sexy when Steve licks ketchup off the side of his hand, and, yeah, okay, Steve’s gonna give him his number. He’ll let him dangle for another half hour, but he’s definitely giving him his number.
“Here. To our house. ‘Cause his Aunt would kick his ass, his best friend would kick his ass, and we have better snacks.”
“I’ve never seen you like this,” Bruce says, studying Tony like he’s a broken piece of a chemistry set.
Tony doesn’t know what to say. He wordlessly hands Rhodey the bottle of scotch. Rhodey drops it in the sink, drags Tony close by the arm, and wraps his arms tight around Tony’s shoulders.
Maybe it’s all going to go to shit. Maybe the world’s going to end to-fucking-morrow, but, as it turns out, that’s tomorrow’s problem
“You should grow tomatoes,” Riri says loudly. She’s fiddling with her armor in the corner of the workshop and occasionally making loud clanging noises that Tony is certain are meant to entice him into helping her. “Or get bees and have a honey farm. That would be cool.”
After the fourth trap — which is, admittedly, one of the weaker ones, Peter just shoves Tony into the studio and closes the door behind him — Steve and Tony start hanging out voluntarily. Steve feels kind of guilty about it and conceals it from Natasha as best he can, but after fighting through the three truly awful protective layers of Tony’s personality, Steve thinks he’s entitled to enjoy this side of him — kind, whip-smart, and pretty endearingly starry-eyed about clean energy.
“It’s all right,” Ms. Williams gives Tony a faint smile. She carries herself with the kind of elegance that’s learned from years of hiding grief. Tony recognizes it so well because it’s the kind of armor Steve wears. “Riri’s a good kid. I mostly let her have free reign because I trust her judgment.”
Steve makes a funny snorting sound and Tony sighs, rolling his eyes and going back to Steve’s profile in search of his next potential hopeful.
Tony stands at the edge of the rooftop, looks down at the city he’s saved a dozen times over, and remembers to breathe.
He’s about to pull up the app when several things happen in quick, seemingly instinctual succession: Steve braces a hand on Tony’s shoulder and leans to his height. Tony instinctively turns towards him and smiles. Steve presses their lips together, a pleasant, sweet pressure.
“I know,” Steve placates, mouth tipping into a teasing smile. “And I believe you believe he’s a good person.”
He tries his hardest not to think about it in the following hours. If he refreshes his inboxes six times when he wakes up the next morning, that’s nobody else’s business.
To Steve’s immediate surprise, he takes to Arc Technologies like Bucky takes to a crowded club of drunk, sweaty twenty-somethings grinding to the stylings of Beyoncé. The building is small and modest, five stories high and constructed of simple concrete, thankfully nothing like the overly show-y Stark Tower. The walls are decorated with art from people’s kids, lots of prints from Steve’s favorite impressionist painters, and, funnily enough, embarrassing photos of the CEO.
“We need a dart board for Clint,” Tony sighs, falling back onto a beanbag chair and throwing an arm over his face.
He lays on the couch with his head propped against Tony’s thigh. Tony does paperwork and runs an idle hand through his unkempt hair. He loves the way Steve looks with a bedhead and softly lidded eyes.
Steve only hums in assent, slowly reaching to extract the tin from Tony’s grip. Tony, on instinct, moves back a little, clutches it closer to his chest.
There was a time in Tony’s life where his answer to such a request would be a resounding ‘no’. He almost says that on instinct, actually, because he and Steve are supposed to work on the garden this afternoon and he still isn’t entirely convinced that he trusts any of these kids --
He’s embarrassed, maybe. Humiliated. Every time he tries to do bills or paint or take up some household chore, right as he hits a streak of productivity, he’ll remember one of the lines from Tony’s horrific speech and abruptly want to
“Young man,” she looks down and starts going through the mail with a Garfield-themed letter opener. “I suggest you get out of here before I call security.”
Steve makes a truly terrible face on instinct, but Tony quickly elbows him in the side and Steve tries to arrange his features into something much more neutral. From the way Tony keeps prodding his leg, it doesn’t really seem to be working.
Steve rolls his eyes and brushes his lips against Tony’s, the barest suggestion of a kiss. “I just want to make you feel good.”
A mere twenty minutes later there’s someone knocking on the door of his house. Very efficient delivery service, he thinks nonsensically, stumbling out of his bed and tugging on a ratty t-shirt as he makes his way downstairs.
“Oh, well. Kind of. My colorist is out of town and I sort of dropped the ball on asking the new PA to set up a replacement appointment.” Tony fluffs his own hair a little anxiously. “So I suppose I look... older.”
“I know,” Steve says quietly, and Tony squeezes his ass in comfort, because he’s a romantic like that.
Riri looks to Tony for support, but Tony merely shakes his head, tucking his hands into his pockets. He knows better than to interfere when Steve has his mind made up, and judging by the glint in his eye, Steve’s mind was made up the second he realized it was Ms. Williams on the phone.
This was most definitely untrue considering the countless nights Steve had watched Sam flip through Tinder on the couch in their shared living room, but he bites his tongue on any objection. If it was really that important to him, he’d let Sam hold onto his pride.
So that’s exactly what he does. The next couple hours are lost to sighs and heat and the feeling of Tony tangling his fingers in Steve’s hair, pressing fast-fading bruises along his hips, making an absolute mess of the surrounding paperwork in a way Steve will muster up the energy to feel guilty about later. Afterward, when they’re lying on the sheets, still panting, still wrapped up in each other, Tony starts talking again.
Steve spends the week in D.C., and Tony spends his nights drifting in and out of sleep at random, frustrating intervals. For five days straight he’s been wide awake for the buzz of his alarm, has promptly silenced it, and spent the next four hours laying in bed doing nothing.
Steve considers this for several dragging moments. Tony would reach for the bottle, but he can barely feel his own fingers in the cold. They flex uselessly at his side while Steve stands there and looks like he’s contemplating the fate of the universe, like he’s Nostra-fucking-damus or something.
, but apparently the combination of Steve’s artistic vision and Tony’s builders’ expertise makes them the optimal pair for the job. Steve doesn’t buy it for a second, but it’s useless to argue, and spending a couple hours goofing off with Tony in the conference room isn’t actually the worst way he could be spending his afternoon.
“Don’t know,” he mumbles finally, hyper-aware of the way 100% of Steve’s attention remains determinedly fixed on him. “I don’t know, Steve. I wasn’t going to jump.”
Tony gives him eyes, eyes that say ‘you are not nearly as cute as you think you are’. The effect is probably undercut by the fact that he opens the door just the slightest bit wider and steps backward, making room for Steve to slip through.
Steve lets out a breathy laugh, then seems to abruptly realize where Tony’s going and says, “Do not—”
At first glance it isn’t much: a job at a trendy Red Hook bakery, a side hustle doing art commissions, three best friends he loves so fiercely it scares him sometimes, and the broom-closet of an apartment they all share in Brooklyn. Money is tight and Bucky is always letting his terrifying dates drink all their orange juice, but there are days he thinks he wouldn’t trade it for anything in the world.
The venue tonight — a historic hotel in the heart of Brooklyn — offers many convenient hiding places where they can both escape the crushing feeling of being the only single people in a sea of newly married couples. In no time at all Sam has found them a dimly lit staircase sectioned off with some red velvet rope and a strategically positioned potted plant.
“Kids these days,” Tony muses, tinkering with a piece of Riri’s new faceplate, “they don’t call, they don’t write, and they’ve always got the worst excuses.”
“It’s pretty technical stuff,” Peter deflects, scratching the back of his head. “You know, jargon-y. I don’t think you’re interested.”
“What?” Steve asks, incredulity spreading over his features. “Are you kidding me? They were smitten—“
Tony used to think he was the only one who completely zoned out for about 75% of Official Avengers Meetings, but when they gather without Fury for the first time and patch him in via conference call, he gets exposed to the
“But you’re mistaken, about Tony. He’s so deeply loyal to those he loves,” Viz presses, then looks down and absently examines the face of his own watch. “Just last week I learned that he talked one of his dearest friends out of a dead-end relationship.”
Tony really doesn’t start paying attention again until Steve’s aisle song starts playing — Nothing Can Change This Love by Sam Cooke — and Tony thinks ugh, god, finally, we can get on with this. The rest of the bridal party comes down. Sam manages to get by without tripping Bucky, and everyone carefully pretends not to notice the lipstick on Natasha’s collar. (Tony, however, takes a moment to smugly think: ha — that is a thing!)
Tony and Steve got married in their twenties. They were too young, probably, that’s what everyone told them at the time and that’s what Tony privately thinks now, but there had been no reasoning with either of them at that age. Steve had rescued Tony from a burning building, and Tony had spent an hour and a half yelling at him in the parking lot, insisting that he was handling it just fine by himself, he didn’t need intruders in his lab, and he certainly didn’t need a post-fire investigation which would set the research process back by weeks.
Steve insists on driving Riri home, although she tells him a thousand times she can take the bus. When he gets back, he makes Tony a late dinner. Tony would argue but he’s far too tired for it and, frankly, he’s found this whole ‘cooking for himself everyday’ set-up to be more than a little exhausting.
Honestly, this is what he gets for attending an event outside of Brooklyn. He’s going to have words with Thor, later, about choosing a location on the
“—Well. You can’t stay. I’ll call a cab for you,” Tony takes another sip of his coffee and pulls the chain off the door, ‘cause he’s feeling a little ridiculous having a conversation like that. He leans resolutely against the frame, trying to emphasize that Steve is entirely unwelcome in Tony’s home.
“Hi,” Steve says back, a soft smile curving the corner of his mouth. “It’s the first day of our honeymoon.”
They work for seven hours that day, and then seven hours the next. Tony calls Ms. Williams three times to tell her Riri’s fine, she’s just working, tells her to say the word and he’ll send her home. Tony can hear the hesitation in her voice - knows she’s conflicted because if she asks Riri to come, Riri will undoubtedly throw a fit over it and lock herself up in her room, so they won’t spend any time together anyways. The effect will be much the same if Tony forcibly sends her back, except with the added bonus of sulking.
He starts to anticipate Natasha’s moves, actually dodging her hits, managing to make a few of his own. He’s nowhere close to beating her, of course, but he sees things with a kind of renewed clarity that’s been out of reach these days, lost to a cloud of bad decisions and goose feathers.
As he ascends the six flights of stairs leading to his apartment, Steve Rogers contemplates the pros and cons of taking a bath.
It starts mostly by accident.  Tony is sitting on the bed pretending to do paperwork, Steve is sitting on the floor darning his socks. (Yeah, literally darning his socks. Tony has told him a thousand times that they can just buy him new ones or stronger ones, but Steve says it relaxes him, so whatever.)
Tony turns to look back at him. There’s a little grime along his face, a shallow cut on his cheek. He doesn’t look worn down, but he doesn’t look alert, either, lazily resting somewhere between. “So we’ll help,” Tony shrugs, mouth tipping in a crooked smile.
Things come together surprisingly easily after Tony just… lets go. He listens to the kids, he talks to Steve, and he writes a lot of checks.
Tony does get lonely, but he has work to throw himself into. Every time he misses Steve’s smile, Steve’s laugh, Steve’s body, he invents a revolutionizing piece of technology that makes the feeling melt away. It also, coincidentally, means he has a reason to fly out to New York and present his new designs to the board, which, again, completely coincidentally, means he can drop in on Steve in Brooklyn.
The effect is immediate. Tony breaks out into a grin, one so wide he immediately tries to cover it up by smirking. “That’s real romantic,” he drawls, leaning back in.
“They used to tell you smoking helped with asthma,” he says dismissively. His hand twitches, like he might reach for Tony, but the newly realized distance between them remains fixed. “Tony, I need to know why you were—“
Try as he might, he still can’t fight through the six layers of apathy between his fear and the will to actually do something. It leaves a bad taste in his mouth, and that’s not just from the sour post-taco-night morning breath.
“—you started picking fights. You started finding things to hate about me.” Rhodey shakes his head, mouth settling into a vaguely rueful smile. The effect is only slightly lessened by the fact he has a little whipped cream on his nose. “I knew what you were doing so I didn’t let it bother me. I just tried to show you I was sticking around, and eventually you seemed to realize that, and you stopped.”
Steve thinks, heart dropping through his chest and straight down to the soles of his beat-up sneakers.
That makes something catch in Tony’s chest, and, in lieu of saying something sentimental and ridiculous, he tugs a little too hard on Steve’s hair.
“Anyways, Sam and I really oughta get going. He’s got an early shift at the hospital tomorrow and Bucky’s gonna need the rest regardless.”
“Injured,” he confesses, rolling his shoulders against the mat. “But also, like, awake. If that makes sense.”
Everyone else has turned back to the screen, but Eli is still looking at him with this quizzical expression. Tony doesn’t yield, and his eyes finally dart away, attention recaptured as Kate accidentally elbows him in the side.
“Jesus, baby,” Tony says, pulling back and looking into Steve’s eyes. They are clouded over with desire and something else, something right on the edge of panic. “What happened?”
It is, of course, interrupted by Tony Stark bursting out of the back door like he’s going to war, stumbling to a clumsy stop in front of Steve, and awkwardly shoving his hands in his pockets. He opens his mouth to say something, then closes it abruptly, and just looks at Steve with wide, glittering hazel eyes.
“Looks like he’s in for a rough morning, tomorrow,” Tony drawls, a little smirk curling the corner of his mouth.
Steve snorts a little, tugs him back down for another kiss, hand traveling up the hem of Tony’s dress shirt. Tony keeps meaning to take it off, but he gets distracted by Steve’s hair, Steve’s eyes, Steve’s mouth.
be satisfied. Smash Day is devoid of any of those anxieties— he just gets to break shit, scream sing AC/DC, and strengthen his core in the process.
Tony’s a big fan of certainty these days. He likes waking up, heading to the lab, and splitting his time between R&D for SI and new gear requests for the kids (they call themselves the Young Avengers. Tony calls them Riri & Company.) Every now and again, Pepper and Rhodey will visit, or he and Steve will go on some sickly-sweet domestic outing, but barring that, his life is completely predictable.
“That’s fine,” Tony smiles and wonders if he imagines the way Steve’s gaze drops to his mouth. “Can I have your number?”
Steve goes back to the grilled cheese and turns the stove off, carefully flattening it further with the spatula, just the way Tony likes.
Once Steve starts making those ungodly pig noises, Tony grins and turns his attention back at his tablet. He thinks about Steve’s eyes, and buys several arrangements of forget-me-nots.
The bed isn’t big enough for all of them to climb into at once, but Natasha drags another chair into the room and they sit as close as they possibly can. Natasha gently taking hold of the edge of the blanket curled around Bucky’s legs, and Steve settling his hand on top of Bucky’s cast.
“We’re fine, Steve,” Tony tells him, smoothing a hand along the line of his shoulder and the bunched up muscles in his back.
O’Reilly turned beet red, got this funny look on his face, then started stumbling, trying to form some kind of intelligent response. Steve cut him off cleanly and cooly.
“For letting me plant the garden,” Steve’s eyes flutter open and he turns his head to look at Tony, smiling.
Tony tries not to roll his eyes at this whole exchange, dutifully dabbing at the wounds along Sam’s side and down his stomach. This feels like a family matter, and he can’t deny that Sam, Steve, Romanoff, and Barnes are… some kind of messed up family. Steve had always loved each of them, but in the years after his and Tony’s fallout those bonds had cemented into something permanent, something like what Tony had with Pepper and Rhodey.
Tony takes in the sight before him and sighs— a deep, long sigh, one that reflects the severity of the situation but simultaneously recognizes that he probably brought this on himself.
“I didn’t fake my vacations,” Tony says, pausing to take a small sip of his hot chocolate. “But I did-- I mean, I
wrapped around him, swimming in his thoughts, making his bed smell good, and kissing every inch of Tony’s body even when he feels like the most disgusting, most repellent person in the world. Tony loves him so much he can’t stand to think about it for too long, or else he feels like he’s going to actually, literally combust.
“It was a good fight,” Eli chimes in, rubbing at his jaw. He looks so much like a grown-up sometimes that Tony has to actively remind himself that he’s still just a kid. “Minimal civilian casualties, cleared the city best you could, made use of the things you were capable of together.”
“Tony,” Steve interrupts, a little more purposeful this time. Tony falls silent, looks like he’s maybe crushing the paper flowers in his rapidly tightening grip. “I think I’d li—“
Steve, still trying to find words, any words really, just blinks. Tony’s mouth twists into an adorable little frown.
One unassuming afternoon in the workshop, Riri asks if they’re married. Tony covers up his initial agitation with a snort, flicking his glasses over his eyes to hide any unfortunate blushing that may arise in the duration of this conversation.
“Oh, god,” Tony says. He can’t stop staring at the flowers and there’s a funny spreading warmth in his stomach.
“—but fuck, Steve, I can’t stop thinking about you. Your hair, your eyes, your mouth, god, I’ve spent hours lying in bed thinking about your goddamn mouth. Why does it always look so soft? You have, like, three thousand different medical problems but you can’t have something that makes you ugly? It’s not even just that I wanna fuck you — but it’s also that, I mean, I really wanna fuck you — but I have— I mean I’m having—“ Tony cuts himself off and squeezes his eyes shut really tight. When he opens them, he looks so trapped, so frustrated with himself, that Steve can hardly stand it. “—Feelings, I guess. Intense, romantic feelings. For you.”
Silence falls between them. For a few minutes, the only sounds filling the air are ones of Steve grunting in pain and America throwing him places. Tony thinks it should probably feel strange, that this is so peaceful and normal.
“Thank you,” he tries instead, though his eyes narrow slightly in suspicion. This only makes Tony smile wider, an attentive, curious glimmer flickering in his eyes. Steve will admit that he’s kind of obsessed with Tony’s eyes — so wide and big and dark that he can feign disinterest all he wants, but they’ll give away nearly everything about him. After a half second, Steve almost starts to smile, too.
Tony’s grin widens as he undoes a couple buttons on his dress shirt, lazily making his way towards the set of double doors that lead into the bedroom. He tries to be quiet as slips inside, but Steve’s already pushing up on his elbows, smiling drowsily at Tony and rubbing at his eyes. Tony would never tell him, but he secretly thinks it’s cute that he looks so small in the wide expanse of Tony’s California King Size mattress.
Time goes syrupy-slow after that, and Tony fills it by making out with Steve on the couch like they’re horny teenagers.
Robots fall, Steve and America punch their way through an army, and Exterminatrix loses it, little by little, and starts shrieking as she fights, which Tony would typically find disconcerting, but at this stage in his career all he can really think is ‘Jesus. Shut UP.’
Tony hadn’t considered the possibility that, with the introduction of so many miniature superheroes, a few miniature supervillains would pop up to match.
Tony turns around properly, folding his arms over his edge as a sort of defensive meanness rises in his voice. “And how did you come to that conclusion?”
Tony eyes him curiously. There’s something so focused and attentive about him today, like for the first time since they’ve met he’s actually 100% present for a conversation. It takes Steve a while to realize that it’s the only time they’ve ever spoken while Tony’s completely sober.
“There’s a first time for everything,” Tony shrugs his jacket over his shoulders. Steve is gorgeous right now, and if he takes a minute to stare he knows he’ll be tempted to stay. “Gotta hit the road, baby. You’re welcome to anything in the house.”
Tony makes a noise of frustration in the back of his throat. “What do you even need it for?” Riri’s eyes get all hopeful and she starts to open her mouth and suddenly Tony is certain that the answer will be far more trouble than it’s worth, “—you know what, never mind, it doesn’t matter, because I’m not helping you make it. You know why they kicked you out of MIT? ‘Cause you can’t follow my one rule. No discussing Iron Woman.”
“Yeah, he’s richer than god.” Bucky hops up on the kitchen counter, thudding his heels against the cabinets in that way he always does even though he knows it will annoy Sam. “We should get Natasha to pinch his Rolex. That’d probably cover rent for the rest of the year.”
“Go team,” Steve agrees, idly running his hand through Tony’s hair. It’s as soft as he thought it would be, thick strands slipping through his fingers with glossy ease.
Tony doesn’t seem to mind, in fact, the corner of his mouth tips up into an amused little smile. “Because it’s my company. If I don’t like it I should be able to change it.”
The confusion on Steve's face seems to settle into intense skepticism. “Tony, please. You couldn’t possibly have been serious in either of those circumstances.”
They only hover around each other awkwardly for a few minutes this time, suddenly finding their footing in an easy back and forth about the ’suggested exercises’ Pepper has left for them.
Steve has no idea what business Tony Stark has in Brooklyn, but he seems sufficiently distracted from it by the sight of Steve staring at him.
“I’ll see you later, Nat,” Steve reaches over to squeeze her arm briefly. “And it was nice to meet you, James.”
“Is this what you plan on doing all day?” Steve asks, and Tony can feel the low vibration of his voice where his spine is pressed against Steve’s front. “Acting as my own personal yenta?”
“You did kick ass in this fight,” Peter says, and his girlfriend says ‘suck up’. He goes back to looking at her fondly.
“Maybe I’d ask you to go for a walk, or to watch a movie with me, but jogging? Jesus, Tony, I’m not trying to kill you.”
Tony kisses Steve goodbye like he’s trying to memorize the shape of his mouth, to take Steve with him when he leaves.
Steve doesn’t know how Tony could be so blasé about it, the fact that he ruined this man’s life. He feels anger rising up in him, quick and cutting, but he presses it down the best he can.
So he resolves to take a minute in the alleyway behind the gallery, call Sam, catch his breath, and devise a plan of attack. The second the cool air hits his skin, he knows he’s made the right choice, and he takes in long pulls of it, pressing his head to the stone wall behind him and letting his eyes drift closed.
Tony chews on his lip. “Well, yeah. You’re making me think you hate it. Do you hate it? Did you secretly want to live in Kansas, or something?”
Steve figured it was only a matter of time — his last name is, in fact, plastered in unmistakably large font over the top of the building. He seems to have come from some sort of business meeting, though his tie is hanging around his shoulders and there is a vaguely indecent amount of buttons undone on his shirt. His eyes catch on Steve immediately, and Steve resists the urge to try and make himself smaller under the intensity of the stare.
First it’s America - yeah, her name is actually America, Tony asked four times before she mildly threatened to punch him through a window and he decided to believe her. Tony thinks Steve adopted her. Or maybe she adopted Steve. The details of the arrangement are unclear, and when Tony asked about it, Steve supplied a very weird origin story.
“Mmm,” Tony grins, rutting slowly against Steve’s stomach, right at the exposed swathe of skin where his shirt has ridden up. “You were so cute when I got home that night, all pouty and sullen over dinner, pretending to be mad—“
Thankfully he doesn’t have to probe Brock for any elaboration. Apparently, Brock had secured a pretty cushy job in the security department of Stark Industries, even managing to meet Howard a few times before he passed. And Howard had thought pretty highly of Brock, shown him a kind of respect people in the lower ranks of SI didn’t usually get. He’d promoted Brock to head of security just before he’d passed away, but in the months following his death, Tony had convinced the new CEO of the corporation, Obadiah Stane, to fire him. Brock tells Steve it might’ve been out of some sort of jealousy since Tony had a pretty notoriously rocky relationship with Howard.
“A team effort,” Steve sighs, taking a sip of his hot chocolate. Tony knows it’s far more watery than he would make it, but it still smooths out a line or two on Steve’s forehead. “I’d complain about it but at least Bucky’s smiling more these days.”
They fix their appearances a little and head back into the main reception hall to rehash the story to Bucky and Natasha. Steve tells it with a touch of that wry, self-deprecating wit he knows they’ll both appreciate. Bucky offers to punch Tony out and Natasha stays suspiciously silent, taking small, measured sips of her champagne.
“Seriously, Buck,” Steve sighs, tugging his beanie off his head and shoving it into his pocket. He gropes around in his bag for his own keys, head ducked as he approaches, “get a keychain. A lanyard. You know Sam will make you a lanyard, stop making the rest of us suffer because you’re too embarrassed to—“
He only looks up when the Officer starts to unlock the cell, his features softening into something else at the sight of Tony.
They circle each other for what feels like an obvious amount of time, and when they finally meet in the middle, Tony’s ready to vibrate right out of his skin.
Steve deposits Sam on the couch in the living room and Tony steps away to grab the kit and a bottle of water for Sam, who's looking a little faint. When he returns, Steve’s hiked up Sam’s shirt and begun examining the damage underneath, the damage Sam had apparently been concealing.
But Pepper staunches that disturbing line of thought by saying, “Anyways, of course we’ll stand at the front, Tony. Is there something in particular you want us to wear?”
Steve doesn’t say anything for a second, instead directing that faint smile at his napkin. He’s so gorgeous it makes Tony’s teeth ache.
(Coulson’s voice drones on in the background. At this point, whenever he opens his mouth all Tony hears is the teacher from Charlie Brown.)
“Jesus,” Tony makes a small noise of surprise, though his hand immediately comes to rest at the nape of Steve’s neck. “Not even a hello first? What has gotten into you?”
“If he asks me—“ Tony starts, and something gentler, more genuine slips into his voice. “If he asks me, I’ll tell him to go for it. I’ll tell him I was wrong. I swear. But only if he asks.”
The moment is broken up by the arrival of Aunt May. Peter doesn’t even pretend to be upset about that she’s there, just launches himself into her arms and whimpers a little as she pats his back consolingly. Steve sends them home with the rest of the ice cream and the potato chips, but by the time he’s returned to the kitchen Tony is somewhat violently going through the contents of the freezer. Ruby is attempting to stick her very long nose into the opening.
Steve pulls Tony’s hand away and kisses him, chaste and teasing, though there’s something softer hidden in it. “We’ll look into Guam real estate in the morning. Now it’s time for bed.” He pushes onto his feet, used q-tips and bandages pinked up with blood clasped loosely in his fingers.
Tony knows what’s coming even before she starts sliding off her engagement ring, lips flattened into a thin, practical line.
Or all the powers of the universe came together to aid him in royally screwing that up; he’s still not sure what happened there, really. In any case, he’d gone back to the story that had actually worked for him: just not gonna happen for me, lifelong bachelor, Penthouse for one.
“No,” Steve says, leaning over to press a delicate kiss on Ruby’s nose. She licks his cheek appreciatively.
He’s midway through his second design of the morning when Peter materializes in the door leading out to the hallway, with MJ and Ned lurking behind him if the faint sound of whispering and shuffling is anything to go off of.
“If Brock is outside when we get there,” Steve starts carefully, fingers curling into fists at his side.
He exchanges cordial goodbyes with Ms. Williams and waves at Riri, who sticks her tongue out at him in response. When he gets back to the car, he sits in the back seat with Pepper and holds her hand the whole way home.
He’d spent the whole day on the floor of his dad’s study outfitted in cargo shorts and a t-shirt, reading various books on quantum theory while he waited for Howard to finish up on the phone. He read JJ Thompson, George Gamow, and Louisa Gilder. He moved on to astrophysics just at the clock hit seven, and Howard moved into the kitchen to have a very loud, very emotional dispute with Maria. Tony had stayed frozen under Howard’s desk with his legs pulled up to his chest and a flashlight propped on his shoulder, trying his best to focus on the words of Dr. Beth Brown rather than the muffled sounds of his mother crying. Needless to say Tony never made it to the beach that day, but the memory continues to supplement his likely unresolvable abandonment issues, so no one can say Howard never gave him anything. Tony would never admit it, but every time he thinks about it it still stings a little. It’s undoubtedly one of his worst memories.
He quickly determines that she has Peter and Riri somehow incapacitated, or unable to use their suits. Tony can gather data from their respective AIs - Karen and Monty - but the most recent logs indicate that neither of them are even attempting to communicate with Tony, nevermind orchestrate an escape.
“Yeah, why? Is there some ethical problem with the hair-dye manufacturing process?” Tony asks, in a tone of voice that implies he doesn’t
His bed was warm and soft and still smelt a little like Steve. The rest of the world was the exact opposite in every single way.
Tony rolls his eyes. “Uh-huh. Barnes in a courtroom wearing a suit and holding a rifle is not permissible representation.”
Tony stands dutifully to the side as the rest of the kids in the cell shuffle out, thanking Tony for bail and shooting admiring looks at Steve. Steve spends a couple minutes exchanging contact information with the girl he was talking to when Tony first arrived. They talk in low, serious voices, and Tony is quietly impressed with how firm her voice is. Most people get all fluttery when addressing Captain America.
It’s America who deals the final blow to Oubilette Midas. To both Steve and Tony’s shock - she makes one last play for diplomacy, deals out that idealistic ‘you don’t have to do this’ type speech, and gets charged with a machine gun for her troubles.
Tony’s forgotten what it’s been like to work this closely with Steve. They fought side by side in the final battle against Thanos’ army, but the chaos had been so overwhelming, so full of people, that Tony was working with a new Avenger from minute to minute. Here — today — he and Steve move like the duo they barely ever got the chance to be, trading quips and orders back and forth on the comms, leveraging each other’s strengths with startling efficiency.
the crest of a very long and apparently never-ending arc of recovery, he doesn’t take his job as Responsible Best Friend any less seriously. Tony eyes the growing number of empty bottles at his feet with a growing combination of fear and—... well. It's pathetic, really, but fear and gratitude, because even if this whole situation is deeply unfavorable, it's also a sign that Rhodey cares.
Steve steps out of the truck and bounds up the front steps to the house. He looks like he’s much better at talking to Ms. Williams than Tony, which makes sense because Steve is exactly the kind of person single moms love. Ms. Williams is smiling and blushing, the most energetic Tony has ever seen her as she peeks around Steve’s frame and looks to where Tony and Riri are squished together in the front seat.
"You know we can do this whenever, right," Tony mutters, turning his head to look at Steve. His mouth stretches wide around another yawn and his eyelids feel unbearably heavy. He stays awake to stare. Steve’s lashes are long and soft against his face, features perfectly relaxed in a way Tony has never seen before.
“Oh, I won’t bother you.” The tone of Steve’s voice implies that he definitely will be bothering Tony, aggressively and frequently. “Don’t worry about it. I’ll keep to my farm, you keep to yours. Solitude together.”
Admittedly, it had been a lot more effective before Siberia. Though they’ve mostly forgiven each other, Tony gets these flashes of anger from time to time, these moments of pure frustration at Steve for not being able to see the wider picture, the one that had been building in his head since the first time he saw Thanos during the fight against the Chitauri in Manhattan.
, Tony thinks, but doesn’t say because he abruptly remembers he’s trying to be a better influence this time around. “Of course I love Steve,” he says dismissively, leaning back in his chair and rubbing his eyes. “He’s — he was a really good friend and a close teammate. That doesn’t mean we’re going to get married.”
When he leaves for a drive with Steve, his house is empty. When he comes home an hour and a half later, there are seven children sprawled haphazardly across his living room.
And then, Natasha — well. Steve wants to say she giggles, but Natasha Romanoff does not giggle. Not unless she’s trying to trick some guy into paying for all their drinks or she sees a really, really, really cute kitten. Like, lethal levels of cute. The kind of cute that’d probably make Sam cry a little, and also make Bucky pretend like he wasn’t crying.
She’s sitting at her desk, legs folded in front of her, a notebook on her lap. Steve doesn’t actually know what it is Natasha does for a living — none of them do — but the most specific description he’s ever gotten is ‘internship for the State Department’. He thinks she’s working from home right now, based on the number of pens, notebooks, and print-outs scattered across her desk. Her face is clean and her hair is pulled back into a neat ponytail.
The dark nothingness of space, the rapidly shrinking hole, the weightless feeling of the drop— sometimes, they’re the first things he thinks about when he wakes up. And he spends the rest of the day trying to pull himself out of it, to focus on work, to forget whatever it is he saw up there and to finally move on. He does paperwork. He attends meetings. He flirts with baristas. He plays at normal even though it stretches his energy thin, makes nearly everything feel like a chore.
Steve raises an eyebrow and smiles. “Very astute, Dr. Stark. Does therapizing your dates usually work out the way you want it to?”
Sam has a cool expression on his features as he appraises Tony, staring at him with distrusting, narrowed eyes and a mouth pressed into a flat line. “Thanks, Stark,” he says carefully, though he looks loathe to concede the words.
“Why would you ask that?” he starts, tone carefully disinterested. “You know we had a very nasty, very public falling out less than ten years ago, right?” Generally, the easiest way to get under Riri’s skin is to patronize her. It either makes her so angry she cuts off all conversation completely or it fills her with a controlled rage that produces hyper-eloquent tirades. It’s an all or nothing kind of gamble.
Steve stares at his lips. Steve stares at his lips a lot, actually, and Tony’s really starting to think he has some sort of repressed Victorian fetish, or something, because this has to be the most agonizing build up to a kiss that he’s ever, ever endured.
He tentatively approaches Tony, like a scared, skittish little bunny, and slides the box across the counter.
“You should,” Steve finds himself saying. He wants to see Brock again. Or at least he thinks he does, it’s been a while since someone made Steve this curious. Maybe it’s attraction and maybe it’s something else, but Steve thinks he owes it to himself to try and puzzle it out. “It’ll be fun, and you can probably avoid Tony pretty easily since there’ll be so many people there.”
“No we don’t,” Tony argues, but he realizes with encroaching horror that yes — yes. They do. Despite his initial distaste, Tony does help Steve with the garden. They cook together, at least one meal a day if not two. He accompanies Steve on walks where they take Mr. MacDonald’s seven (SEVEN!) dogs through various trails in woodsy areas. They watch TV together, they read the paper together, they bicker over chores together.
And then the priest starts talking, and while Tony prides himself on being able to maintain a very explicit stream of consciousness no matter the relative unsexiness of his surroundings, this priest is— well. Tony just can’t. She’s all old and sweet and she has this pair of glasses with little purple frames, and he’s never had a grandma but he thinks if he did, she’d probably look like this. Steve picked her and Tony can’t remember why — did some come with the house? Did she come with Steve’s church?
If Tony’s being honest with himself, this is his favorite part of seeing Steve. The sex is perfect, of course, it’s always good between them, but he really lives for the moments after, when he can leisurely run his hands along Steve’s still-warm skin with his head pillowed on Steve’s chest, legs hopelessly tangled amidst the sheets. Initially, his self-imposed rule was that he didn’t stay longer than an hour, but over the duration of the past year that has bled into a two hours, three hours, and, on one memorable evening, the whole night.
It takes him an annoying amount of time to pull apart the strange embarrassment curling in his gut. When he looks up, he finds that the object of his fascination doodling on a paper napkin.
“No,” Steve shakes his head, reaching over to slide his fingers into Tony’s hair. Tony leans into the touch, seemingly on instinct. “No, I think you told him something very sweet and romantic.”
Tony’s initial reaction — to the surprise of exactly zero of the thirteen therapists he’d scared off in the last decade — is to panic.
It’s— Steve, looking discomfited and tense, his navy dress jacket lost somewhere and his shirtsleeves rolled up to his elbows. He runs a hand through his hair and takes a long pull of frozen wind, then reaches into his pocket and supplies— well, it looks like a cigarette. And maybe a lighter.
If Natasha got up early and took a picture of them passed out on the couch, then she would never tell and they never even had to know.
“It’s going to be ok” Tony reassured Bucky.  Because it was going to be ok, Zemo tried to tear the avengers apart, and he only succeeded in making them stronger than ever before.  “Besides, you’re an avenger now.  You are one of us.”  Tony decided to say because it was true, Bucky was an avenger now.
“You needed me to fix your toaster?” She asked confused because Tony was the one that told her to come.
“You midguardians are so petty”Thor commented with a chuckle”the man of iron can fix the machine that provides us with coffee and the sister of that black cat man can come and fix the glorious pop tart maker. There is no lasting damage”. Everyone gaped at Thor because wow a literal God just solved their problem with such a simple solution
“So you are telling me,” Steve said with an exasperated groan, “that you woke up the whole tower because Clint broke your coffee machine?”
“He only zapped it because you decided to have a competition to see how many pop tarts we can toast at once. Speaking of which we need to buy more, they all got blown up” Natasha interjected.
Tony bolted upright, still in shock from his nightmare. The sight of his parents dying at the hands of Hydra’s Puppet, (the Winter Soldier) was still vivid in his mind. He looked at the clock and groaned. It was only 2:11 AM. He wandered down to the kitchen for coffee from the newly repaired coffee maker. In a tired daze he forgot Bucky was sleeping on the couch and when he heard whimpering he went to investigate. Most of the team had nightmares or PTSD so it wasn’t uncommon for someone to be having a panic attack at a random hour. Concern for whoever was there clouded his vision so he did not realize who he was helping until the person gave him a hug and he felt cool metal from one side. His eyes widened in realization of who he was helping.
When she arrived, Shuri was surprised to hear vines playing near the couch. She went over to investigate and discovered a boy that looked to be her age with soft chocolate curls and a small smile as he watched the video on his phone. Shuri thought that she would test this mysterious white boy. She snuck up behind him and grabbed him by the shoulders. He let out a startled yelp and jumped all the way to the ceiling. That wasn’t an exaggeration either- he literally stuck to the ceiling. When he noticed Shuri down below this mystery boy’s eyes widened.
“Wait no-“ Natasha tried to say but it was too late. The toaster suddenly burst into flames and promptly exploded, breaking everything around it. This included the coffee machine which burst into a sparking mass of wires covered in pop tart filling.
“Fair enough,” Steve concedes, smiling in that breathtakingly beautiful way of his, like he’s actively trying to give sunshine a run for its money. He leans across the table to kiss Tony, and Ruby noses around their feet in interest.
Tony tucks up against his husband in the back seat, resting his head on Steve’s shoulder and shifting around to accommodate the presence of Steve’s arm around his waist. Steve turns his head to press a kiss on top of Tony’s head, and Tony tension he didn’t even know he was holding drain slowly out of his body.
She leads him to a dark room that smells like one of Steve’s bath bombs. There’s a water feature with stacked up stones in the corner that stresses Tony out, for some reason. Dr. Burford walks in on him trying to yank the plug out of the wall.
“I think that’s enough science for today,” Tony stands up, rolling Riri’s plans up decisively. “Isn’t it past your bedtime, Williams?”
Riri, however, looks delighted by the inquiry. She grabs her briefcase and starts unloading the pieces of her suit - red and gold, just like Tony’s, but clearly made for a tinier body, and she’s put the arc technology at the center of her forehead rather than her chest. She starts prattling on about a thousand things Steve barely has the minimum knowledge to understand. He is unfailingly polite, though, so he nods sweetly and asks questions and tells her how smart she is. The whole exchange makes Tony scowl into his schematics.
“I mean, don’t get me wrong,” he continues, sitting up a little straighter. The movement jostles the robe, somehow revealing yet another tantalizing centimeter of tanned thigh, and Steve’s attempts to be intelligible come to a screeching halt. “I love the idea of having a non-electronic butler, but at the moment I’m far more interested in talking to my husband. Hello? Husband? Are you in there?”
Steve stays. It’s not something they need to talk about, because it doesn’t matter if his name’s on the lease of a dingy two-bedroom in Brooklyn. This is still his home.
2. Sent a memo for a ‘team building retreat’ in the company gym, though they happen to be the only two staff members to actually show up.
He’s flanked by two other kids whose names are currently escaping Tony. He wants to say one of them is called “Led” but that doesn’t sound quite right.
Natasha says ‘alright’, and Tony can’t hear her actually descend from the dresser and leave, but assumes it happens anyways because she’s no longer talking. Assassins. He’d attach a bell to her neck if he didn’t think she’d find a way to garrote him with it.
“Marie-Louise and Rhonda,” Steve sighs, settling back into his chair and running his fingers over the embossed lettering, “we have to go. Marie-Louise set me up with a commission that paid three months’ rent last year.”
“Thank you, Steve,” he says finally, and it feels small and insignificant against how much he loves the gift. “It’s perfect.”
In the back of Tony’s mind, he knows what this is starting to look like. A home (the Tower), a kid (Ruby), and a husband (Steve). It’s the life he’s always been afraid of — the life he never thought he’d ever, ever want.
Steve sets his wine glass down on the bar, thinking if he holds it any longer his grip might actually shatter the thing. It’s then that Viz glances up with this slightly concerned look on his face, but Steve excuses himself before he has the chance to say anything.
But they lock eyes and Tony feels a blaze of heat in his stomach, goosebumps rising on his arms, tingling at the roots of his hair like he’s just swallowed a nickel-sized lump of Wasabi.
“Well,” Tony corrects, frowning slightly. “I’m building us a house, I guess, but I already built myself a house and I figure no one’s ever built you a house before, so I’m thinking it’ll be mostly things you like. I’m really generous like that. Anyways, what do you think?”
He takes another breath, turns around, and opens the door with slightly quivering fingers. He leaves the chain on, peeking at Steve from the space behind the doorjamb. Steve has his hands in his pockets and he’s wearing his brown leather jacket, faded and ruggedly charming as always. He’s clean-shaven, to Tony’s surprise, and his hair is styled in a neat trim. Underneath his unbuttoned flannel he’s wearing a neat white t-shirt that’s, as usual, half a size too small for him.
Steve works in a second finger and Tony’s hips stutter in almost embarrassingly eager response. He’s smiling like an absolute asshole when he says,“You want me that bad?”, and Tony tells him to fuck off, feeling a breath of a laugh against his neck.
“Did you do something to Steve? He’s all pink and he made, like, a hundred sugar cookies. He attacked me with them when I came in.” Riri holds up a heart-shaped cookie for evidence.
Steve comes home and finds him like that, just staring at his own hand like an idiot while the fire alarm goes off persistently in the background.
Peter looks stubborn, Led looks scared, and the other one looks.... the same as she did when they first initiated conversation, cool and critical.
That prospect had seemed so daunting at first, but after a little while, Tony doesn’t even realize how much time is passing. Months go by, he and Steve fall into a routine, and, yeah, maybe that routine entails almost dying one or two times, but domestic bliss looks different for everyone. In any case, before he can even comprehend it, they’re creeping up on their one year anniversary and Steve is asking him what he wants to do with these expectant puppy dog eyes.
Rhodey uncorks a bottle of wine with his teeth, makes direct eye contact with Tony, and tips it into the sink.
He’s lying awake in his bed, shoulders pressed against the frame, sheets pooling around his waist. His forehead is damp with sweat and his heart is hammering rabbit-quick in his chest. The clock reads 2:43 AM.
“You must be Mr. Stark.” Ms. Williams is tiny - not tinier than Riri, but tinier than Pepper when she’s not wearing heels, tinier than Peter. “It’s a pleasure to finally meet you.”
Tony wakes up and the first thing he sees is a flurry of white powder outside, a thin layer of snow sticking to the grass. He relinquishes the warmth of the comforter to get a closer look, pressing the bare soles of his feet onto the cool wooden floors and stumbling over to the window.
“You smoke?” Tony repeats, trying to somehow take a drink from the open bottle without pulling away from Steve. It doesn’t work — Steve snatches the bottle out of his hand and steps back anyways, placing it gingerly on the ground.
Riri asks Pepper a million questions about the company, about her time at Harvard, and about what the Iron Man legacy means to her. Pepper seems humbled and a little shy at the notion she’s got such a big fan, which is ridiculous because Pepper is so amazing, why should she be surprised when the rest of the world takes notice?
“Is he a serial killer?” Steve starts, only half-joking, “did he try to kill you and you killed him first? Do you need help burying the body?”
Tony Stark doesn’t believe in marriage. It’s nobody’s fault. —Well, it’s Howard's fault, probably, but Tony doesn’t like to think about that for too long, finds that it dredges up all sorts of issues he’d rather keep buried under a mountain of strategically employed sarcasm, humorous self-deprecation, and the occasionally effective substance abuse.
Anyways — however he came to possess said ideology, it was a staple in the part of his brain he’d dubbed the Love And Relationships corner. The first twenty-four years of his life he’d said no, no, no, not even if I was the father, not even if we were the last sexy people on earth. The only time that mentality had faltered, even for a moment, was about two years into his relationship with Pepper when he’d thought maybe. But of course he’d royally screwed that up.
The fight spreads - moves into the city like these things usually do, Exterminatrix’s animatronic teeny boppers pouring into the street and screeching discordant electronic music into the air. Tony gets Peter and Riri to work on taking care of their surroundings, evacuating the area, protecting civilians. To his initial surprise, Riri doesn’t push him on it. She wants a little of the glory, yeah, but she cares about people more than she cares about anything else.
“Yeah unless you don’t actually want to get married!” Tony snaps. “In which case, I feel the same way and also I’ve literally never liked you. What’s your name again? Stove?”
challenging. Frustrating. Incredible, too. I didn’t have to try to pay attention. Sometimes I’d try not to pay attention, and I’d still end up looking at you.”
“Tony!” Steve shouts over the music, closing the book in his lap and looking up with a small, contented smile. He looks so serene, ironic in the surrounding chaos of the workshop. “Gonna get takeout from Wong’s Garden! You want anything?”
Steve feels a pang of sympathy for Brock, and also maybe a little of what Bucky calls his “Righteous Anger For The Dispossessed”. Tony had fucked Brock over pretty severely for what seemed like petty interpersonal drama. It was absurd and entitled — two things he now strongly associated with the Stark name.
2) His bed smells really nice, like pine or something. Note to self - ask Jarvis about new laundry detergent.
“I’m apologizing,” Rhodes presses, and Steve thinks, with a little smugness, that Natasha might have finally met her match, as far as stubbornness goes. “I’m explaining. If you’re interested in hearing it. If not, I’m happy to leave you be.”
The program powers down. Steve blinks at the blank air around him for several seconds, then sits up straight, unlocks his laptop, and plays it again.
“The young lady I was talking to — Jada — contacted me. She's a second year law student. She said they might listen, because I still have a lot of pull with white guys.”
It’s far from unusual for Steve to walk into his apartment and find Peter Parker pacing in his living room, but most days his expression is slightly less anguished and he isn’t wearing a Tom Ford suit that looks a size and a half too big for him.
Tony takes one last noisy sip of his milkshake, and they both agree it's time to head back to the research facility. On the way out, Tony stuffs another fifty into the tip jar in a way he probably thinks is discreet, but there are three waitresses swooning in Steve’s periphery that would suggest otherwise. They walk out to the car in awkward, deafening silence, and while the ride back is filled in with a couple AC/DC tracks, the second Tony pulls up next Steve’s bike in the lot things start to get weird again.
“Steve hopped in the rift. Well — the rift was sucking Natasha in, and then Steve kind of hopped in front of her, and then got sucked in himself.”
Maybe it’s the way he stares at his hands like it's easier than talking to someone. Maybe it’s the way he bumps into people and blushes like he’s not quite aware of how big he is. Maybe it’s the way he smiles and it doesn’t reach his eyes— and Tony knows it’s wrong. Something’s wrong.
Still, Steve considers the question, setting down his pencil for a moment. He looks up at Sunset with a small, cool smile. “I don’t know. Any job that tends to attract honest people,” he once again resists the urge to squirm when he feels Tony’s eyes on him. “Kind people.”
The slam of it closing nearly makes Steve jump out of his skin, and he leans against the wall for support, finding his knees a little weak at present. He presses his cool fingers to his forehead and cheeks, but heat has settled deep within his skin and refuses to dissipate.
“I think his dad messed him up a little,” Ned shrugs, taking a giant bite of his burger. Both MJ and Peter kick him hard under the table and he nearly chokes. After taking several swallows of soda and having Steve thump him on the back a couple times, he says “okay, what, am I wrong?” and gets himself kicked again.
Steve starts sleeping in Tony’s bedroom sometimes, and it’s not as big a deal as everyone makes it out to be.
Peter blinks several times, then looks back down at his hands and starts pacing again. His voice is somewhat rough and shaky when, thirty seconds later, he finally says, “I proposed to MJ.”
