“You're her son.  I may have hated my dad for some of the things he'd do, but at least I knew he did them because he cared too much.”  Cas stands, walking over to Dean and placing a hand on his forearm where it's folded against his chest. Risking crossing a line, Cas taps into his overactive instincts.  He tries to use his alpha pheromones to calm Dean, to sooth the emotions he’s worked up in the other man.
"Right, yeah."  Dean clears his throat, quickly changing the subject. "What you said earlier, about the, for lack of a better term, ‘outside world’ needing you…”  Layla lets the change of topic go.
Dean is sitting on a metal cooler with his head bowed, the sweat soaking through his shirt and making it cling to his skin.  Cas catches Dean’s scent again, still very faint, but now that he's found it once it seems easier to pick it out of the air. Right now it's mixed with the bitter tang of frustration.  When Dean looks up as he approaches, his face breaks into a smile that Cas can't help but return.
“Oh, shit.  Cas, I totally forgot I was supposed to take you home before my car crapped out on me.”  Sam turns to Dean, puppy eyes already activated.
“That's awful,” Dean's voice is almost a growl, and Cas’ chest warms at Dean’s anger on his behalf.  “I've only read about it, but I can only imagine what a rut must have been like for you. Especially if you were without suppressors that long."  Cas shifts, memories coming to the surface that he’d honestly rather forget. Dean’s cheeks flush too when he realizes the sensitive topic he’d broached.  “Sorry, Cas.”
radiating off the both of them, but Cas is no longer embarrassed.  He guides Dean to sit on the bed, shivering when Dean leans forward to press a kiss to his belly.
Knowing it’s probably just another one of those annoying porn spams, something makes Cas open the email anyway.
and just kinda see where it goes.”  Dean’s hand twitches slightly as Sam removes the last of the bandages.  The gash runs most of the length of his palm almost in a straight line from the base of his pinky to the base of his index finger.  “You know you’re lucky this wasn’t worse.”
“Too bad,” Dean sighs, and okay he has to be over-exaggerating his disappointment, right?  Cas turns away before Dean can see his grin, very aware of Dean's eyes on him as he walks back up to the house.  He may or may not put a little extra sway into his hips.
“I, uh, I just...you’re a nurse.”  Dean can feel his ears turn red as he forgets how to English, but Castiel- Cas- simply smiles.
“He’s healing, physically anyway.  There’s a lot that he just, uh, he just needs time for.”  It’s as close to an answer as he’s got and Eileen nods, leaning on his shoulder as they stare out across the street at the family who have finally sat down to enjoy their lunch.
“When we changed the foundation of Heaven I thought humans would be more… original,” he says, carefully lifting a shoe that got stuck to the bar floor.
When the bell rang, Dean called Jack over, Claire hesitating in the doorway until Jack waved her away.
“Um, backseat is fine,” he says, and Sam moves to the front passenger seat, leaning in to unlock the back door for him.  Dean’s already in the driver’s seat so Cas quickly climbs inside, his senses immediately bombarded with the smell of leather and the musky scent of
“It's done,” he says, his voice a gentle hum.  “I'm okay now.” Cas can smell how soft his own scent has become, and it's a bit surprising how easy it was.  He's always carried a slight edge to his scent, that defensive wall against a world that's too much for him. Here, as he focuses on soothing Dean, that edge falls away.  From the wide-eyed look Dean's giving him, Dean can scent the change too.
“Hey, Cas.”  His voice is thick, which is stupid because he doesn’t have a voice box to get crushed by nervously tense muscles as he tries to swallow his heart back into his chest.  Cas’ head tilts slightly, like he can
“You okay?” the man asks, dragging Cas back down to earth with a cautious look.  Cas blinks a few times, clearing his head and focusing in on the stranger.
walking into the bunker library to find Dean slumped over the table, blood all over the place and an empty whiskey bottle next to him.  Miracle was barking furiously as he paced around Dean’s still form like he was trying to help.  Sam rushed to his brother’s side to see Cas’ name mostly carved into the wood of the table by their initials, realizing Dean’s knife had slipped and sliced his hand open.  Sam whipped off his flannel and wrapped his brother’s hand, but he had no way to stem the flow of tears running down Dean’s face.  Dean’s words echoed through the library, haunting Sam in the echoes of his own pain.
different,” Dean clarifies quickly.  “Just, you know, something that stands out, something memorable.”  Cas hums at that, fingers idly turning his coffee cup.
“Fuck me,” he groans.  They’re out of coffee. Sam wakes him up at three fucking thirty and he had used the last of their coffee.  Grabbing his messenger bag so he can pretend to at least be productive, he tugs on his shoes and leaves for the hospital early, figuring he can grab some coffee and breakfast when he gets there.  The only saving grace is that at least there’s no traffic on the road, and he makes it to the hospital in decent time, parking and making his way inside. He stops by reception to have them page Sam and let him know Dean was there, and walked to the little cafe.
“I told you, call me Cas,” he says, setting his own overstuffed messenger bag down and pouring himself a cup of coffee.
“Omega,” he growls deep in his throat, his hands tracing down Dean's spine and over the swell of his ass.
He knows Cas is aware that Dean’s dangling bait in front of him to spur him into action but right now it doesn’t seem to matter.  Cas lunges in for another bruising kiss, hands gripped tight in Dean’s bloody hair as he tilts his head to the angle he wants. Dean starts to get lost in the assault, only vaguely aware of the taste of his own blood still lingering from the bite on his lip, lost instead in the taste of Cas.  The throbbing from his injuries and the disgusting, sticky feeling of the blood on his skin fade to the background as well, everything being lost to the angel.
“It's okay, it was kinda nice, having someone worry about me for once.” Cas manages a smile, moving back to give Dean his space.  Dean watches him closely like he’s trying to make up his mind about something.
“Don’t argue with me, Winchester, you know you care about him.”  Dean scowls but he has to admit she has a point. “And anyway, if there had been another problem I was going to give you some pointers on contacting Jack’s dad.  You know, the one you haven’t been able to stop talking about?”
“It’s okay.  It’s important you realize we’re not some desperate people waiting to be rescued.” They’re starting to attract stares as they make their way towards the largest building on the square, a six storied, imposing structure.  “We don’t need the world, but the world needs us.”
“Sam and I handled it,” Dean snaps back, surprising himself.  “We’ve been doing this for a long fucking time, Cas.” Dean gestures at the blood.  “And maybe if you weren’t tearing me a new one you’d realize most of this shit ain’t mine.”  Cas’ eyes, still narrowed in anger, track over his body and the different injuries. Dean tries not to shiver under their assessing gaze.  Cas taking a step back to get a good look at all of him draws Dean’s attention to the small mirror on his wall. What he sees startles him.
“Don’t, don't ever apologize for this.”  Sam squeezes Dean’s shoulder and looks over as Eileen approaches them.
“It’s fine, Sam,” Cas says quickly.  “The bus runs in about an hour, it’s not like it’ll be the first time I’ve taken it.”
“Damn it.”  He slumps in defeat, because hell yes he wants to get to know this guy, at least more about him than the fact that he has the perfect ass.
"We have doctors who know what's best for omegas, who know the difference between an omega and a beta pregnancy.  It's just safer here." Layla goes on to explain. Layla nods, glancing out the window. Cas follows her gaze to see two small children playing together at a park across the street.  Two women are sitting on a bench nearby, watching fondly, one cradling her swollen belly.
“It’s pretty awesome, I don’t deny it,” Dean says, gesturing at the nature around them.  The path they’re walking gives way to a small field, wildflowers in bloom all around and a lake in the middle, a small cabin sitting right in the center of the picturesque little image.  The sun is glinting off the water, giving the place an almost ethereal glow.  “Did we stumble into Thomas Kinkade’s heaven?” Dean wonders, blinking at all the color attacking his irises.
“Oh no, your cooking is far superior, I just… want to make lunch.”  Cas knows there's a small blush dusting his cheeks, but he doesn't have a better explanation.
“Yeah, I uh...that conference I mentioned to you…”  Dean seems embarrassed, though Cas isn’t sure why.
“Yeah, of course, Dean.”  Sam moves to rejoin him in the car but Dean puts out an arm, stopping him.
Dean’s stomach drops into his feet as Cas slowly hands him the papers, an unreadable expression on his face.  The fact that he was Jack’s teacher surged to the forefront of his mind, and he feels utterly stupid for even thinking Cas would see him as anything
“Yeah,” Sam snorts.  “Now it’s booze and bandages.”  Sam picks at his torn sleeve. “You know, Cas is gonna be pissed.”
“So, gonna change the world, Mr Chancellor?” Cas asks as he cleans up their dishes.  Dean’s fear he feels at those words isn’t unfounded, but it’s also not overpowering, and Cas scents his confidence.
“I enjoy living out here,” Cas explains, “it’s my cousin who leaves a little to be desired.”  Dean huffs a small laugh, probably assuming Cas was joking, and Cas feels the beginning of a smile.
He breathes deep, leaning back and enjoying the almost cool early evening breeze.  Gabe wasn't lying when he'd called this his little slice of paradise. It’s blissfully quiet and calm, the sounds and lights of civilization far away.  There isn't much light pollution either, the street lamps and porch lights from the neighbors small dots along the road. As the stars start to come out, bright and beautiful in the remote country sky, Cas feels at peace.  Bagheera, the black cat, stalks over and rubs on Cas’ leg, purring when Cas reaches down to scratch his ears and chin.
“Of course,” Cas says with a smile.  Dean beams at him. A wave of gratitude hits the air, a fresh sweetness which makes Cas’ heart swell to unexpected levels.
“And the Empty came, and it all happened so fast I didn’t- I couldn’t- I’m watching my best friend, someone who knows me better than anyone tell me he
But even noticing the gorgeous bend in this man’s bow legs is a complete waste of time.  Cas doesn’t date, much less sleep with anyone. Anyway, for all he knows this is some serial killer using a ruse to get close enough to murder him.
“Back at you,” Cas huffs, and Dean rolls his eyes at Cas' attempt to make it about him.  “I will, but… not right now.” Dean’s worried, Cas can scent it, but he seems to let it go, laying back down and tucking Cas close.  Dean’s grip is tight, possessive, and Cas finds he likes being possessed.
"Thank you," Dean says in a soft voice.  Layla smiles and nods, and Dean turns to Cas, who still has yet to follow Jessica out of the room.  Dean laughs, shaking his head at Cas as he leads the way out.
“Thanks,” Dean grunts as he stands, making Cas swallow hard, “but I've got to use a specific kind.  She's an older gal, she can't have just anything."
“Think about how messed up I was,” Cas sits forward in his chair, catching Dean’s eye.  “Then you found me and look at me now. Imagine all those other people, hyperosmiac or not, finally knowing what it’s like to be who they’re supposed to be.”  Dean meets his eyes, and smiles.
Cas takes a deep breath and tries to think, his brain focusing on the sleeping baby in his memory and the sleeping teen in his living room.
The man, Dean’s father, steps forward one more time, holding out his hand.  “Name’s John Winchester.”
“Thanks.  I’ll go see what he wants.”  Dean heads for the side hallway, taking a few steps before looking back.  “Oh, when Mom is finished with Sam, can you ask her about what we’re doing for dinner?”  Jack nods and Dean turns for his room, wanting to at least shuck his bloody clothes before checking in with Cas.  He knows Sam is right, Cas is gonna be pissed at him, but he figures maybe he can talk him down before it gets bad.
Eileen, who had been simply observing up until then gasps from where she sits next to Sam, her hand moving to cover her mouth as tears start to well in her eyes.  It takes Sam just a moment to figure out what she’s so upset about, but when he plays back Dean’s words, and thinks about the true happiness moment, it finally clicks for him.
They stumble inside the bunker an hour later to find Mary and Jack reading in the library.  It’s surreal still, having a family to come home to, but Dean hopes he never gets used to it.  Though he’ll never admit it to anyone he savors the warm surprise that spreads through his system every single time.  As soon as Mary looks up and sees them she jumps up and rushes towards the stairs with obvious worry in her eyes.
“This will work great, thanks Cas.”  Dean pats Cas on the shoulder before he turns back for his car, his hand a heavy warmth through Cas’ shirt.  Cas doesn't move for a moment, the small touch catching him off guard. He barely remembers to put the rest of the oil away before closing the garage behind him to keep the cats out.  Cas heads over to see if Dean needs help changing the oil and reaches him in time to see Dean close the hood of the car.
“True happiness, being our friend?”  Dean tilts his head in silent agreement.  “I guess I can see why Cas took the deal.”  He notices the tightness to Dean’s jaw.  “Guess it didn’t work out so well in the end.”
When they arrive back at Bobby’s, Sam is outside the house pacing and his scent is an absolute mess of anger and anxiety. Dean barely throws the car in park and kills the engine before he’s jumping out of the Jeep, Sam walking up to meet him halfway.
Jessica proves to be a very charming tour guide, even if she is a bit sassy. The square they’re in is the equivalent of downtown: the main community services, like schools and the governing body sit right in the center of town. The Civic Center where they stop for lunch is everything a community center should be; Cas can see many town meetings, plays, and other events being held there. People crowd around them a bit as they eat off of a community potluck, dozens of people with varying scents all crowding in to meet Dean.  Cas doesn't mind too much that he's mostly ignored, aside from a few curious inquiries from people. Dean is handling the attention well and it gives Cas a sense of pride. His mate is going to be something great to these people, and he can't wait to see it.
“No, sad to report no sugary carbohydrates, but we do have some eggs and I think there’s some bacon left.” Charlie points over her shoulder, laughing at Dean's enthusiastic fist pump when she said
Jack’s behavior has become tolerable, and Dean is relieved he hasn’t had to email Jack’s father again.  Totally, 100% relieved that he doesn’t have a single excuse to communicate with him in any way.
Cas climbs the steps out into the early evening, pausing when a few meows sound from the two tiny dog houses sitting on the porch.  A black cat and an orange cat climb out of the houses, tails in the air, demanding Cas’ attention. Gabe had fed them regularly enough they stayed on as mousers, and he'd managed to catch them and get them each neutered last year.
“None, you worry wart.”  Dean hears an electronic beeping in the background of the call.  “Crap! Okay, I gotta go, my guild is asking me to help them clear this dungeon.”
Not that he has a heart anymore, physically anyway.  Fucking weird to think about, how real the car feels and the air he’s breathing and the thud of a non-existent organ in his non-existent chest.  Man this is gonna take some getting used to.
“Hey, Cas, what’s up?” she asks, a cup of ramen next to her and an energy drink on the other side.  He raises an eyebrow.
Cas fluffs out the pillows and turns the sheets down, nodding in satisfaction as he examines the bed.  He freezes in stunned shock when he realizes what he's done. The blankets are fluffed and tucked into a sort of supportive ridge around the pillows, a little funnel that will cradle the person sleeping there.
”  Cas snaps his hips up hard, grinding into Dean as he comes and Dean snaps, spilling over Cas’ fist and both their stomachs as Cas empties inside him.
“It would have been better, had my mother not been so stubborn.”  Cas surprises himself yet again for his choice of topic but doesn't back down.  “My last name is Novak, my family used to be the governors of the Southeast before the Chancellorship took over completely.”
“Working.”  Cas isn't entirely lying, he is updating his spreadsheets and making notes about invoices.  He's just also listening to Dean sing along in a decent voice to Eye of the Tiger
He grips the steering wheel tightly, knuckles turning white as his arms shake with the effort, then forces a breath into his lungs and out, relaxing again.
“Hey, boy,” Dean chuffs.  Eileen follows shortly behind, handing him the medical supplies with a soft squeeze of Sam’s shoulder.
“Sorry, Cas.  I guess I got a little carried away,” Dean murmurs after a while, both of their scents returning to normal.  Cas removes his hand, his fingers warm where they were pressed against Dean’s skin.
he missed Dean's smile.  “Your headaches and mood swings have been better since being around me, right?  Things are easier to manage, they don’t put you on edge as much?” Cas opens his mouth to object and finds that he can’t, Dean has a point.  He’s so used to being alone in this he’s forgotten Dean has the same condition. Dean knows better than anyone the effects, and how they would have drastically changed since they met.  Sensing victory, Dean grins even wider, but Cas still protests.
“I just wanted to take a moment and thank you for improving your behavior these last couple weeks.”  Dean smiles when Jack’s scowl is replaced with surprise.
“Uh, thanks,” Cas mumbles, moving to the coffee pot and getting the coffee brewing.  Dean moves through the kitchen with surprising ease, no hint of awkwardness. The aroma of his cooking sets Cas’ mouth-watering as he waits for the coffee to drip.
“Yeah.  At first I wondered what you were up to, if you’d gone back to daily life since I’d left.  Then I got worried you’d take my silence personal, that you would think I’d forgotten about you.  I daydreamed a hundred different scenarios, playing out how our reunion would go. Would you turn away from me?  Would we jump each other no matter who was around?” Dean’s words line up so close with how Cas had been feeling it finally starts to set him at ease.
the community?  Does that mean there are more alphas here?”  Cas doesn't mean to interrupt but he's sort of surprised.
“Dean.”  Dean gets the sense without asking that finally, after everything he’s been through, Sam got to live that normal life he always wanted, and Dean takes comfort in that.  He feels like he just saw Sam not too long ago, if he had to put a number on it he only feels like he’s been here in heaven for a few hours, but he can tell from the look in Sam’s eyes it’s been quite some time for Sam.  As he walks over to his brother, he can’t help but grin, Sam letting out a small chuckle to disguise his emotion as they embrace.  Dean keeps a reassuring hand on his shoulder as they pull away, and he and Sam pause to take in the ‘world’ around them.
“Nothing.  Bad dream.”  Cas’ words aren’t convincing, even to himself.  Dean pushes himself up on an elbow to look down at Cas, but Cas can’t bring himself to meet Dean’s eyes.
“Never something I've pursued,” he answers, figuring there's nothing wrong with being honest.  “Why do you want to know if I'm mated?” Cas shouldn't ask, it's not his business anyway… but he has and now he waits for Dean's answer.  Dean takes the food off the heat and serves it, Cas grabbing forks as they both sit at the table.
“Awesome Cas.  I know how I want to do this.”  Cas nods and sits down, taking a small bite of his dinner. Dean tells him everything, and while they eat they go over contingencies and worst case scenarios.  In the end, it just might work, and Cas can tell Dean is eager to get back to Sam and fill him in.
Dean tugs at Cas’ ruined shirt, unable to get to the buttons where Cas is pressed against him, but Cas gets the message.  He lifts off Dean just long enough to yank the fabric off and toss it away, a wonderful flood of heat suffusing Dean’s system as Cas presses skin to skin.  Ignoring the werewolf blood Dean is literally covered in, Cas’ mouth goes to work on his neck, biting and bruising possessively as he tugs at Dean’s belt. Everything should hurt, his body has been through hell tonight, but every touch that lights up his nerves with pain sparks a hot pleasure under his skin and Dean’s lost in the sensations, utterly at Cas’ mercy.
hangs there like a temptation, but the burden of that knowledge is too great so he lets it be.  “Do you think they’ll ever know peace?”
“What's wrong with my car?” Cas frowns.  Dean clears his throat, trying to hold in his amusement, but Cas catches the mirth beneath the surface.
“That’s what I thought.”  Charlie is gleeful in her victory, and Dean can picture her shit eating grin.  “So, you technically have the guy’s number…”
“I’m his kid’s teacher, Charlie, aren’t there rules and shit like that?”  There’s a long enough pause that Dean checks his phone to make sure the call hadn’t dropped.  “Charlie?”
Cas starts to move with intention, long deliberate thrusts that steal Dean’s breath, quickly picking up speed so Dean never gets it back.  Cas’ words devolve into variations on
“Well, you were all twitterpated, and I know you weren’t going to do anything about it, so I just thought I’d check the rules for you.”  She sounds almost crestfallen, and Dean takes a deep breath, knowing her heart was in the right place anyway.
“Can I ask you something kinda personal?”  Dean asks as he searches out some plates. His voice is cautious and gentle, and Cas figures he can't embarrass himself any worse than he did last night.
“Back off,” he hears himself growling, and Dean’s subtle appreciation of said growl isn’t lost on him.  If anything it boosts his confidence. The alpha moves to take another step forward and Cas beats him to it, enough alpha rage in the air it’s overwhelming.
“Now, we go back to the Roadhouse and see your family.”  Cas pushes himself to his feet and Dean reaches out and grabs his hand, surprising himself in the process.
and Dean can’t really get out anything coherent, not the way Cas is fucking him like he’s running out of time.  It’s brutal even for them and Dean’s injuries aren’t helping, Cas continually touching them as they break open just to get the bleeding to stop.  The press of Cas’ zipper into the skin of his ass is starting to get uncomfortable, but Cas makes up for it with the hickeys and bruises he leaves over Dean’s neck and shoulders.  Claiming him, marking him everywhere the wolf blood touched him.
“Yeah, well we made it work, and we helped each other heal.  She never stopped loving her wife and I never stopped loving Eileen, and I think we both knew that going in, even until the end.”  Dean nods, and they go quiet for a little while.  When they pull back up to the Roadhouse where Dean started, Sam laughs.
. It’s just above Dean’s clavicle, and Cas finds himself drawn to it like a magnet, baring his teeth and taking a deep breath before biting down hard enough to break skin.
Ignoring Dean’s injuries Cas practically bends him in half to reach the end table, hooking Dean’s legs over his shoulders as he works to grab the bottle of lube.  Cas settles back on his heels and the only warning Dean gets is a swipe of slick fingers against his entrance, then Cas’ finger is inside of him. He cries out at the intrusion and Cas starts in on his prostate without any hesitation, the pain/pleasure spiking into something
”  She gives Dean a hug, meeting Sam’s eyes over Dean’s shoulder and Sam nods, clearing the emotion out of his own throat.  He and Eileen both know that what they have is special, but it isn’t by any means guaranteed.  Sam knows this and yet he knows that being with Eileen right now is worth every moment of grief he may feel later on.  Dean didn’t even get that chance.  All his brother’s behavior makes sense now, all the pieces falling into place.  Sam wishes the answer made him feel better, but at least he has an answer.
Just before his sixth period class ended, he noticed Jack and Claire huddled together talking about something.  She seemed agitated, like she was trying to convince Jack to do something, and Jack wasn’t having any of it. Dean wanted to intervene, but given their history, he was sure Jack wouldn’t react well, so he let it be.  Eventually Claire angrily moved to another desk, and Jack put his head down on his, and Dean couldn’t help it, his heart went out to the kid. Since the conference with Cast-
“No, you’re absolutely right.”  Cas crosses his arms, staring at the table as he starts talking, unable to stop the words once they’ve started.  “Presenting is supposed to be a small change, a mild fever matched with a heightened libido for a couple days. For me… it felt like the world was turned
“Okay, so don’t get mad at me or anything but after our last conversation where you ‘totally didn’t’ talk about Jack’s dad I...did some digging.”
“We know. There are members of our community who are less than excited about exposing ourselves.”  Layla tucks a strand of hair behind her ear, utter calm in her scent. “But we took a vote, and we decided this is what we want.”  Cas is convinced, but he can still scent Dean’s hesitation.
“Y-you're welcome.”  Cas has to remind himself to breathe, his heart beating a hard rhythm against his sternum.  He can only imagine what he smells like to Dean right now, and it makes him a little nervous.  Confusion, embarrassment, and attraction are not a good combination.
”  Cas pries Dean’s hands off his belly, turning to face him and getting a wave of need and anxiety off of Dean.
“Us, he had us,” Sam corrects him.  “You, me, Cas…”. He stops talking but the word is out there, hanging between the two of them.  It’s silent in the kitchen as he finishes wrapping Dean’s hand, Sam arguing back and forth with himself until finally he decides he doesn’t want to wait for answers anymore.  “Dean, what happened?”  Dean takes his hand back when Sam is finished, running his other set of fingers over the bandage as Sam watches and waits for his brother to make up his mind.  When Dean finally does start talking, his tone is quiet, a kind of wistful sadness Sam’s not used to.
“Wow, I'm disgusting?” Cas ventures and Dean smirks, making Cas' heart do this weird thump in his chest.
“Ah, makes sense.”  Cas stands there stiffly as Dean scrambles for something else to say, and when no words seem to come to him Cas fidgets slightly before picking up his bag.
.  He needed to hear those words, Sam, at least once in his fucking life he should have heard someone loved him.”  Dean gasps for air.  “I should have told him I loved him, too.”  Sam doesn’t have words, he can’t console his brother with false platitudes and reassurances, so he pushes himself to his feet and just wraps Dean up in a hug.  Dean’s grip is crushing in its intensity but Sam doesn’t flinch, and he doesn’t let go until Dean begins to move away.
, anything before Cas was taken.  All that anger, frustration, guilt, everything he’d confessed to the dark knowing it was just him shouting into the void, knowing no one was listening.  Times he prayed to the universe, begging for a chance to redo that one moment in time. Prayers turned to shouting angrily at Cas for telling him that, for using his love for Dean in such a cruel way, and for leaving him when he always said he never would.  Prayed to be allowed to forget what he feels, to get over Cas and move on because it wouldn’t have worked out anyway, nothing he wants ever does.  Times he prayed for it to all just
floods into Dean’s scent as he leans forward, tongue tasting the entire spread of skin from Cas’ shoulder to neck until he settles on a spot just above the base of his neck.  Where no shirt collar will ever cover it. Cas whimpers his assent as Dean bares his teeth, his skin damp from saliva and sweat. There's a small burst of pain, then a weird sensation like warm liquid running through every nerve ending, starting from the bite and flowing outward until even the tips of his toes are saturated. Dean laps at his bite in a primal way, cleaning the wound and pressing his nose against the injured flesh while growling deep in his chest.
Their drive away from the omega camp is just as quiet as their trip there. Dean is nervous but motivated, and in spite of all the uncertainty headed their way, Cas draws strength from the omega at his side.
“Pleased to meet you, Dean,” she nods, shaking his hand.  She turns and offers her hand to Cas, who feels slightly intimidated by her.
you…”  Cas is desperate to feel the same thing, to know what’s going on in Dean’s mind, and Dean smiles, his eyes opening to reveal almost black iris’ lit up in amusement.  “Okay, alpha, I know. It’s your turn.” Cas doesn’t have time to find it strange that Dean apparently read his mind before Dean is baring his neck, scent submissive and open. Cas leans forward, a little grunt of pleasure from Dean a small reminder that they’re still joined together, and presses his nose to Dean’s skin. He drags his lips and nose along Dean’s freckles, taking in the way Dean’s breath hitches when he finds a spot that smells
“No, you don’t get to do this.”  Dean’s spitting his words, and Cas can tell he’s trying not to shake.  “You don’t get to waltz out here and fuck with my life when you did the same fucking thing.”
“Well, it wouldn't be the first time.”  Dean shrugs like it's okay to stuff himself in the backseat of a car for eight hours.
“I forget, you don't watch the news.  Security Forces are everywhere, roadblocks and checkpoints... some weird fugitive situation.”
Sam catches Dean glancing at them too, or even at the door sometimes, but the shadow passes, and Sam starts to think that maybe, maybe they can move on.  Maybe with enough small steps and enough time they can go on to live lives in the
A couple more pulls and a well-placed squeeze has him coming over his fist as he collapses against the shower wall.  It takes ten minutes before his knot finally goes down, the longest for a solo session in a long time. He scrubs down again to wash the arousal off, hoping his house guest won't notice.  He wants to feel bad about getting off to fantasies about a stranger, but Cas reasons maybe now he'll be able to keep a clearer head around Dean.
“Fuck off, asshole,” Dean shouts.  Sam walks off with a laugh, and Dean looks down at Cas.  “Guess our moment’s over?”
Shaking his head he clears those thoughts away.  All of that is behind him now, left behind on Earth where he doesn’t need to worry about it any more.  Sure, his soul will bear those scars, but like Bobby said, time works differently.  Maybe here, if he lets himself, he’ll be able to heal where he couldn’t on Earth.  He continues to drive, heading in no particular direction, the road simply taking him where it wants him to go.  After a while he comes to a bridge and he gets the feeling like it’s where he should stop so he does, climbing out of the car and looking around.  It feels so
“Well you’re gonna need help cleaning that before it gets infected,” she insists.  “Come on, infirmary.” Sam sends Dean a pleading look as Mary leads him down the hallway by his good arm, but Dean just shrugs with a chuckle as Sam turns the corner.  Jack is still sitting at the table watching everything, and now he’s looking at Dean curiously.
When Eileen finishes her coffee, the two of them drive back to the Bunker, the hallways and rooms silent save for the hum of the air scrubbers and the echo of their footsteps as they make their way to the kitchen.  Sam sometimes misses the bustle of having other hunters around, but now that everyone is safe from a vindictive deity they’ve all decided to find more permanent homes in this world, scattering across the country to make their own way.  They still call from time to time, there’s still things hidden away in rooms that Sam hasn’t managed to upload to the online database, but for now it’s just him and Dean and the occasional visits from family.
Cas ignores the weird happy feeling he gets from the praise.“I get up at 5:30 for breakfast before I take care of the animals.  If you wake up after me there are fresh eggs in the fridge, help yourself.” He doesn't wait for Dean to respond before fleeing the room.
“Don't you pull that shit, not you, you know better than that… I can fucking take care of myself- no, you know what, fuck you.”  He hangs up with force, turning off the phone and dropping it on the floor. He turns and sees Cas, clearing his throat as he shifts on his feet.  “My, uh, backup plan isn't going to come through,” he chuckles, rubbing the back of his neck. “Mind if I leave the car parked out front? I’ll sleep in the backseat and fix her up in the morning.”
“If you two are done being disgusting, we’ve got some food waiting in the kitchen,” Sam calls.  There’s a laugh in his voice that Dean finds irritating.
“I know we started off on the wrong foot,” Dean goes on, “but I want you to know I don’t hate you, contrary to what you might think.  It might surprise you to know I was almost exactly like you in high school.”
“I know, man.”  Dean adjusts his grip on the wheel.  “Used to be booze and chicks after a hunt like this, battle scars and all.”
The contrast between the humidity, and Dean's stare, with the air conditioning inside, makes Cas shiver as he kicks off his shoes.  He stops in the kitchen long enough to put the eggs away before heading upstairs to shower. He gets the water running and strips while he waits for it to heat up.  He catches a glimpse of himself in the mirror, trying to see himself with Dean's eyes. He isn't toned into the perfect muscular body, but he's not slim either. His hips have this weird curve to them that he's never liked, but Dean must have seen something to look at Cas that way... Steam starts to catch on the edge of the mirror and Cas steps into the shower.  As he scrubs, he finds his thoughts drifting again to the beta downstairs and his soothing scent.
“I know the feeling,” Cas says almost to himself.  He looks up at Dean, and Dean can’t help but feel he’s getting the same once over he gave Cas.  He shifts in his chair, but doesn’t look away when Cas meets his eyes. “With no less awkward way to ask this, I’m afraid I don’t know your name?”
his phone but he shakily crawls back over to it, quickly deleting and blocking the email before he pulls up messenger.  With trembling hands, he pulls up Meg’s conversation and types.
“Lunch.  I'm starving,” Dean smirks, turning for the house.  Cas hurries after him, making it to the door first since Dean paused to kick off his boots.
have you done, boy?” a voice booms from the house, and both of the brothers stop what they’re doing and turn towards it.  There’s too much emotion coming to Cas through Dean’s bond so he tries to shut down Dean’s flow to him and feed calm back.  He doesn’t think it’s working, judging by Dean’s scent which is anything
“Hush, I need it, okay?” she grouses.  Cas’ purpose hits him again and Charlie frowns in concern as his face falls.  “What’s going on?”
“Lucky, yeah.  Maybe Jack gave us back our weird God hero mojo.”  He stands to go wash his wound in the sink and Sam tenses, the mention of what happened with Jack the first acknowledgement he’s gotten from Dean that any of it happened at all.
“Don’t ever do that again.”  Dean smiles, nosing in behind Cas’ ear with a chuckle.  Cas shies away like it's tickling him, but there’s a ghost of a smile at the corner of his lips.
“Hey, Sammy.”  He turns to see Sam standing there, seemingly nonplussed by both the scenery around him, and that Dean is there waiting.
Dean didn’t know who was more excited for the short fall break coming up, him or his kids.  Deciding not to make his students hate him, Dean had given his large quarter-year test the day before, putting on a movie and allowing the kids to goof off on their last day of classes.  Most of them seemed to know how much of a gift he was giving them and kept fairly well behaved, all things considered, and Dean was able to catch up on his email and some paperwork for the school.
After the last one Dean’s glad he’s not on an actual road or he might have driven himself off into a ditch, the way it stops him cold.  As it is, the Impala comes to a stop, idling on the long stretch of unmarked highway, trees and long grass outside the windows waving in a breeze that wasn’t real.  What contentment he’d found after talking to Bobby gives way to an ache behind his rib cage.
“Stupid?  Crazy? Cocky?”  Dean offers with a wink.  Cas’ face is still angry but his hands relax, and Dean knows he won this round.  Who knew an angel would be this susceptible to Dean’s flirty charm? Dean sure as hell didn’t.  Castiel’s eyes soften just a little, and with a deep breath he seems to come to a decision.
Dean’s knees almost buckle, hearing his voice again, hearing his name said with that same inflection.  He turns and there’s Cas, standing by the trunk of the Impala, still in the goddamn trench coat.  The only discernible difference Dean can see is that he looks lighter, both in a sense of not carrying a burden anymore but also in that he has an almost… well a weird aura around his edges.
Okay, full chapter, here we go!  Just some more character introduction and establishment, the next chapter things are going to start moving XD
There’s a feeling all of a sudden, a whisper and a sense of not being alone, but just as quickly as it appears it feels warm, like family, and he
“Actually, uh, she,” Sam clears his throat, and Dean immediately regrets asking, “she died about five years after you did.  Oddly enough from cancer, something completely and totally normal.”
Dean realizes what’s about to happen just before Cas sits up to align himself with Dean’s entrance.  His hands fly up to the headboard to anchor himself just as Cas slides inside him in one smooth thrust.  He’s not as prepped as he could be and the intrusion burns, but he’s bottomed enough lately that his body adjusts quickly, especially at the sight Cas makes as he hovers over him, still half dressed and eyes dangerous with all sorts of lusty emotions.
“Yeah,” Cas says quickly, climbing out of the car and heading for the stairs.  He pauses, turning back to look at Dean through the car window. “Thank you, for this.”  Dean smiles, and it should
They don’t need words, but they start to move in unison, Cas helping guide Dean’s hips in small rolls before Dean starts to rise and fall.  Everything is so much, yet Cas doesn’t feel like he’s drowning, more that he’s able to breathe underwater. His knot is swelling, but he can feel Dean’s need for it, his permission, and so he lets go, tying them together while his hand works Dean to his own orgasm, which Cas catches the echoes of through their new bond. Dean slumps against him, head tucked into Cas’ neck, and Cas wraps his arms around him to hold him close, everything settling into a calm around them.
“I, uh, this is kind of out of my comfort zone,” Cas admits, sitting down at the table to hide how unsteady he's feeling.  “You've spent the night, we've shared two meals, and I still don't know anything about you. Well, outside of you being good with cars.”
“We’ll have all the time we need to catch up,” Dean says, patting Sam none too gently on the cheek.  “You go in there, see everyone, get a hold of Eileen.  I’ll be back.”
“Cas’ true happiness was in telling you you were loved, not in having you love him back,” Eileen says, and Dean huffs out a puff of breath.
“How's the work coming?” Cas asks, trying not to seem completely obvious about his small talk.  Dean downs a third of the water, releasing a loud satisfied sigh before looking over his shoulder at the car.
"Yeah, but you're out here, you know, with the animals and the open space and nature... It's better than being cooped up in a building all day surrounded by assholes."
He dresses in a pair of basic jeans and a blue plaid, short sleeve button up, making his way downstairs to the office.  From the first floor, he can hear the faint sound of classic rock playing from outside, which catches his curiosity. He peeks out the front window to see Dean bopping his head to the music as he works.  Cas smiles, riding on the good mood from his solo session, and heads to work with a bounce in his step. He knows the moment Charlie sees his name come online when his phone buzzes.
“What did you picture?”  Dean opens his mouth to respond but realizes he… hasn’t thought about it.  Castiel sits on the bench, adjusting his coat and looking up at Dean curiously, and his face is so achingly familiar and
“Michael took care of me, kept me fed and hydrated when I was lucid and… kept me from escaping when I wasn’t.   When it was over he'd do my laundry, and we’d both pretend it hadn't happened.”
Cas pauses in the doorway, taking a deep breath of the morning air, still heavy with last night's humidity.  Scents make their way into his nose: the animals, the small garden, the orange trees across the street. It smells like home, fresh and peaceful, and he turns to head back into the house with a smile on his face.  Gabe's trip means some quality alone time for Cas. Alone, he doesn't have to worry about controlling his scent, or scenting other people. It's down to him, the animals, and a little peace and quiet.
“My bedroom door locks and I know how to use a shotgun,” Cas deadpans, hoping his face will match up to his bluster.  While that is a true statement, it’s not like Cas wants to use the gun. Dean stares in open-mouthed shock for a moment before he grins.
“I think we’ve got a few bottles of oil,”  Cas says through his distraction, pointing over his shoulder at the garage on the far side of the house.  His shower hadn't helped as much as he'd hoped.
He doesn’t get the chance.  As soon as he turns on the light in his room Cas is there staring daggers at him and full of that weird holy wrath thing that Dean finds both terrifying and...okay
“You know you love me,” she teases in a sing-song voice.  And yeah, if it weren't for her, he would have gone insane years ago, and she knows it.
“I know, Sam, look at it in all its ramshackle glory.”  Sam climbs out of the car and takes in the building with an appraising look.  There’s music coming from the building now, voices and laughter and Dean knows what he’s going to find when he walks in.  Friends, family, everyone he wants to see, and who wants to see him.  Except… “Wonder if Ash had a hand in making this new heaven,” Sam’s excited, eager to see everyone and he starts to walk towards the door.
“He’s a fucking idiot Sam, he should have known better.”  Dean sounds like he’s had this argument with himself many times, so Sam doesn’t answer and lets his brother work it out on his own.  “Like I get it, I do, it was Jack you know?  I can’t say I haven’t done some stupid shit when it comes to family but he didn’t even hesitate and- and stop and think about himself for one goddamn second.”
“You look like a character in a bad slasher movie.”  Sam’s worried but there’s a laugh in his voice.
“Alright," Dean shrugs.  Cas listens as he walks back to the guest room, not moving for the stairs until he hears the door latch.  Cas has never dressed so fast in his life, rushing back downstairs to grab his work boots. With one last glance back in Dean's direction, he yanks them on and hurries outside to get his work done.  Anna greets him with a happy whinny when he steps into the barn to gather up his things.
“Mom, I’m fine,” Sam insists.  “Honestly, it wasn’t a bite or a scratch, I just got caught on some wood is all.”  He pulls his arm away but she won’t be deterred.
Cas’ eyes are slits, the blue barely visible but still shining through them.  “I told you there were at least 15 members living there.”
“Gotta keep you on your toes,” Charlie giggles.  Charlie is an adorable, red-headed beta, and Cas' best friend.  Her scent is so calm and kind everyone immediately takes a liking to her, even if they can’t smell her quite like Cas does.  She wears her nerd status with pride and is a champion for any underdog cause she finds. “Just thought I'd check on you, you know, because you totally need babysitting, not because I’m bored out of my mind.”
About an hour later, Cas has softened enough to fall out with a not so attractive wet noise, and Dean’s discomfort comes to the surface, along with a hunger of a more literal sense.  Dean sits up, pressing a chaste kiss against Cas’ lips. He’s happy, and Cas can
practically echoing in his ears, the scent of her hair as he tugged her in close.  Holding her again, knowing she was
“Nice manners, Cas,"  Dean smiles and winks.  "And thanks.” Dean takes a bite himself, swallowing before he continues talking.  “I’ve had some free time, between jobs, spent a lot of it in the kitchen.”
I had to struggle through some not so fun personal crap, and writing had to take a backseat. :(  It's been a rough couple weeks but watching the hits and kudos keep going up on this have kept me motivated to keep trying so thank you so much.
“I know what I said,” she sighed.  “But Cas… picture his face." She sounds so happy Cas almost feels bad about raining on her parade.
“Don’t wanna,” Cas grumbles, even as he extricates himself from Dean’s embrace.  He immediately feels colder, his body already missing Dean’s warmth. Castiel grabs his toiletries and makes his way to the bathroom, showering and brushing his teeth.  He decides to leave his stubble for now, liking how it looks, and makes his way back to the bedroom. Dean presses a quick kiss to his cheek as he passes by for his turn in the bathroom.
in his claim.  Dean stumbles back into his wall, letting Cas literally ravage his mouth while his hands rest helplessly on Cas’ shoulders.  A new pain sparks as Cas bites a little too hard at his lips, but he figures a little more blood at this point won’t make a difference.  He starts to feel a bit needy in spite of Cas’ weight on his injuries and the dull ache they cause, mostly because another ache is starting in his gut.
“Actually, he does,” Cas grins, climbing into the Jeep and waving at a laughing Jessica as Dean starts the engine and turns them back for the gate.
Dean's concentration breaks enough to glance over at Cas briefly; Cas is sure he's broadcasting all his warm fuzzies in his scent.  He reaches over and runs a hand down Dean's bicep, and Dean chuckles.
“Government contracting.”  Dean waves his free hand in a dismissive way at Cas’ confused head tilt.  “Sounds fancier than it is, I was a glorified secretary,” he adds with an embarrassed smile.
It’s usually dirty, gross, and generally hard labor, but the routine is comforting in its monotony.  The physical work keeps him in shape, and the focused repetition keeps his mind blissfully empty. Cas realizes that others may see his life as boring; Charlie’s hinted at it a few times, but Cas doesn't mind being boring.  He’ll take boring over bombardment with scents and judgment everywhere he turns.
“Sure thing, Cas.”  The brothers wave and pull away, and Cas tiredly stumbles up the stairs and into his apartment.  Jack is passed out on the couch, a game controller resting precariously on his chest as it moves in slumber, and Cas smiles fondly, a memory creeping up on him.
“And your mother did nothing?  Didn’t get a doctor?” Cas shakes his head, pretending he’s not comforted by Dean getting upset on his behalf.
“Back at you.”  Dean turns back to Sam.  “So about my fee for fixing your car…”  The brothers start to bicker about Sam’s car, and Cas loses track of the conversation, trying to tell himself he’s just
Cas, how was that not supposed to hurt?”  Cas lowers his head, taking a deep breath and Dean wonders how his stomach can turn in knots when it’s not even fucking real.
“There you are,” Dean says with a warm smile.  Cas’ eyes drop to Dean’s lips, soft and pink, on the feminine edge of pouty, then quickly drops his gaze to the table.
“Nah, nothing a little shower and a nap won’t fix.”  Jack’s face relaxes into a smile as Dean tosses his bag on the table.  Dean regrets that decision as a pain shoots up his arm from the movement.
“No, I meant-”  Dean is standing directly in front of him, closer than he expected, a huge smile on his face.  Cas’ eyes are drawn to Dean's lips again, and he swallows hard as Dean’s amusement floods into his nose.  From less than a foot apart, Cas watches as Dean's cocky smile fades into something gentle. Dean takes a deep breath before leaning forward a bit, his arm brushing Cas’ as his eyes drift over Cas’ face.
After an hour, the dirt road gives way to rougher trails, the Jeep bouncing over dips and bumps large enough to almost jostle Cas from his seat.  The path clears out to a graded gravel road after about 15 minutes, and Cas starts to scent food and people on the wind. Dean keeps driving till they come up on a wooden gate blocking the road, about ten feet high, and he pulls over onto the shoulder.  Caution is on the air, but when he turns to Cas he’s wearing a confident smile.
“You know,” Dean follows Cas out of bed, tucking himself in close, knowing his nudity would affect Cas.  “I did just take out a whole pack of wolves. Betcha I can handle one little angel.” Cas just smiles, tugging himself out of Dean’s grasp and moving towards the door.
“I can feel you,” Dean breathes.  His eyes are closed, and the look on his face is indescribable. “Cas- Castiel I...I
“Shut up,” Cas pouts, not even the least bit embarrassed by how clingy he’s being.  They both head for the bathroom, the shower stall just big enough for the two of them to squeeze into and move around. They wash each other, slowly feeling out how the flow of their emotions works enough to give the other a little breathing room. By the time they’re finished Cas has figured out how to step back and let Dean have his space, yet still feel him as a weight in the back of his mind. They both get dressed in sweatpants and Cas sets to making something else to eat, Dean picking up the phone and calling Layla.
.  She smiles, catching her lower lip between her teeth before leaning forward to kiss Sam again.  Sam cups her face with his hands, fingers brushing her hair and it’s enough, right now is enough.
Cas ends his night the same way he always does- lounging on the porch swing with the cats.  He's stroking Bagheera fondly where he sits on the swing next to him purring. Sher Khan, the orange cat, lays sprawled out on the porch in front of Cas, the occasional twitch of his tail knocking against Cas’ foot.
“I've heard of that condition in betas, but an alpha?”  Dean’s eyes widen. “Your scent— that makes more sense now.”
“I love you, my omega.”  Dean surges forward and kisses him, hands that were clutching his face now giving his hair sharp tugs. Cas’ arms wrap around Dean and pull him close, until their bodies are pressed together shoulders to thighs. Cas can feel it all coming to a head now, the worry and the pain from their three weeks apart bursting out of them in hard presses of lips and sweeps of tongue.  Cas’ heart is about to burst from his chest it’s beating so hard, and every breath is an intoxicating dose of
It helps that he loves Cas.  Cas whose frustration is driving him hard right now, straining the limits of the bed.  Cas’ end is approaching, Dean can tell by the tension in his back and the urgency in his grunts but Dean is unable to drop his hand to help himself reach the finish line at the same time.
“You know I’m going to, just like I know you’ll forgive me, and we’ll fuck like rabbits afterwards.”
“Maybe,” he speaks up, and shifts in his seat when everyone turns to look at him.  “Maybe we can do this.” Charlie beams at him, and Dean nudges his knee with his own.
“Course I’m sure, taking the bus is lame.”  Dean waves away his objection, even if on the inside he’d like nothing more than to leave both Cas
The TV above the bar is playing the current view of their family in the Bunker, and after watching Dean laugh at something Eileen says, Jack turns it off, pushing to his feet.
“I didn’t need to hear him say it.”  Cas’ answer is simple and Jack nods, turning his attention to their current surroundings.  It’s a bar, created by the souls who frequent it, filled with all the familiar comforts of Earth, including the smell.  Friends who became family shuffle about, laughing and telling stories, reminiscing over fond memories as they look forward to being joined by others later.  The flow of time is perceptible to Jack, but for these human souls an eternity could pass and they’d think it had just been a few days.  He and Castiel had spent a lot of time working on undoing the prison like set up Chuck had created for the souls to dwell in and the angels to control.  Every now and then something comes up, a
“Hey, Cas!  I see you met my brother, Dean!”  Sam claps Dean on the shoulder and Dean brushes his hand off, for some reason embarrassed by it.
There’s an empty space in the room no one is addressing, the two chairs that used to be occupied by their best friend and their pseudo-son.  They sit off by the pool table facing the TV, like they’re just waiting to be filled, like Cas is off in the kitchen getting beers and Jack is grabbing a blanket for Eileen.
“Guess we’re weirder than we thought,” Cas chuckles, and Dean’s smile echoes his amusement.  “Wow, it’s like, a
Neither of them move at first, Dean’s hands resting on Cas’ shoulders and Cas’ hands a firm grip on his hips. Both of their chests are heaving as they pant for breath in air so thickly laced with their scents it doesn’t feel like there’s enough oxygen. Cas meets Dean’s eyes before he deliberately tilts his head to the side, baring his neck in full submission to the omega on top of him.
“Sorry to keep you waiting,” Cas apologizes, noting that Amelia has stuck her head out too.  “Had an unexpected house guest.” Neither of the mares seem impressed, and he sighs in a heavy rush of breath, gathering up the tools to groom them.  Amelia is much more affectionate than she usually is, which surprises Cas. She moves over to him as soon as he walks into her stall, bowing her head to press against his chest.  Like she knows he needs the comfort. He smiles as he scratches along her ears. “Thanks, pretty girl,” he hums. Castiel feels much lighter as he finishes the rest of his work.
"Hey little dude," Dean hums holding his hand out and wiggling his fingers until the black cat comes over to sniff.   Bagheera decides there's nothing to worry about, rubbing his nose and cheeks against Dean’s fingers. Cas’ eyes are drawn to the dusting of freckles across Dean's nose, watching the line of his jaw as he smiles at the cat.  Dean has an easy grace to his movements, a confidence and comfort that Cas has never been able to find in himself. When Bagheera walks away, Dean looks up and meets Cas' eyes. The green is sparkling with humor at catching Cas staring again.
“Okay, Cas.  You two can call me Jess.  Let me show you to the Civic Center.”  She turns and heads out of the room, and Dean and Layla exchange one last glance.
is so much worse. Dean still hasn’t told him everything about what happened that day, about the Empty and Death and all of it.  There are huge pieces missing from the story and Sam, as hard as he tries, can’t fill in the blanks.  He’s resigned himself to waiting for Dean to decide he’s ready to share.
“I lost my mother, too” Dean blurts, and it makes Jack pause.  “Raised by a single father who thought he knew what was best for his kids.”  Jack doesn’t turn around. “Listen, Jack, I’m not trying to be your best friend, but if you need anything…”
To all of you who kept asking and begging for updates— thank you for giving me the motivation to actually keep working on this.  I really wanted to write this story and I was so close to giving up on it, so thank you thank you thank you <333
“Cas?”  He blinks and looks up at Sam.  “Hey, man, you okay?” They’re at his apartment complex already, and he feels embarrassed that Sam had to tell Dean how to get there.
“C’mon, Castiel,” Dean lobs his full name at him as a challenge and he watches with barely contained excitement as Cas’ eyes flash, “I thought you said I’d be sorry.”
“It’s fine,” Cas says with a small laugh.  Dean flushes but follows behind Castiel as they walk towards a small bench nestled amongst the flowers, just on the edge of the water.  “You seem a little surprised that this is what I’ve chosen.”
“Hmm… Cas?”  Dean’s wrapped around him from behind, legs and arms holding him close in a, quite literally, warm embrace.  Cas’ dreaming must have woken him too. “S’matter?” Cas takes a deep breath, taking in his mate’s scent and letting it out slow.  He repeats a few times till his scent is back to normal and the nightmare recedes.
“So where to?” Dean asks, starting the car.  The engine roars to life and it startles Cas slightly, vibrating up through his feet and into his bones.  “Cas?” He looks up to give directions he can see Dean’s smirk.
“Am I assuming too much?”  Dean's genuine concern brushes the air between them and Cas shakes his head.
“You could use some beating around the bush if you know what I mean,” Gabriel mumbles petulantly.  Cas rolls his eyes, giving his cousin his patented heavy bitch face. Gabe’s head falls back with a frustrated groan.  “It's a joke, Cassie. You know, in the time you've lived here, I've seen more omegas than the number of times I've seen you smile.”
“Yes, well your dumb ass is lucky they never figured out where we went.”  The man walks up to within four feet of them, squaring his shoulders. Cas finds himself standing between him and Dean, his own shoulders back and hackles raising.
Dean’s so slick it’s running down Cas’ hand and arm but he can’t get enough of the way Dean writhes and moans, completely lost in his omega’s pleasure. For the moment he's forgotten everything else until the string of babbling from Dean coalesces into words.
Sam, let me go.”  Cas is about to ask what’s happening when he catches an unknown alpha scent on the air.  Well… it’s not completely foreign, his brain registers something familiar about it…
.  “Hey, he’s worse than I am,” Dean deflects, pointing at Sam.  Dean tries not to smile as Mary turns to fuss over Sam’s arm, Sam doing his best to scowl at Dean through his injuries.  Sometimes it’s hard for Dean to see Mary as his mother, and times like this it couldn’t be more obvious. There’s something to be said for her maternal instinct.
“Not exactly the word I’d use,” Dean hums darkly.  Cas is surprised he's not more nervous, but he has to admit he kind of likes the attention.  Most people get a whiff of his overcharged ‘alpha-ness’ and turn right around. Having someone express interest was...nice.  Especially someone like Dean. Cas gestures behind him at the house with his free hand.
“And yet, there’s still so much they carry on their shoulders.  Things that they shouldn’t need to carry anymore.”  Jack thinks for a moment, considering the answer to his question.  The power to
“How’s Dean?”  Sam winces when Eileen asks the question, even though he was expecting it.  He doesn’t have an answer really, not yet.  The handbook for dealing with his brother’s grief didn’t have any entries for ‘losing the entire world and then your son becomes God’.
“Really?”  Cas turns over to face Dean, their legs still tangled.  “You want to take me, an alpha with hyperosmia, into a group of omegas?”
“My first rut… I blacked out for part of it and the rest… all I remember is hurting.”  He grits his teeth, unable to keep the bitter stench from wafting off of him. “My rut was a week-long torture of intense pain, burning skin, buckets of sweat, and a desperate need to mate.  I was 13.”
“So you buying that crappy Honda whatever, which I told you not to buy in the first place, is suddenly
Cas gives him a break to breathe, pulling back to meet Dean’s eyes.  His white shirt is now covered in red splotches, his face too around his lips, and when his lips part slightly Dean can see some in his mouth.  Dean’s heart is racing, adrenaline pumping hard as Cas’ tongue darts out across his own lip to wipe up a drop of Dean’s fresh blood. The coppery taste tingles on Dean’s lips, his tongue mirroring Cas’ motion and Dean watches as Cas’ eyes darken further.  Cas is still tense, a tightly coiled mass of muscle that can literally crush Dean into dust. Yet for all his talk of humans being fragile, what he sees in Cas’ eyes shows him that his angel is just as ready to break.
“Sometimes a face is so memorable I don’t need a name,” Cas shrugs with a small smile, and before Dean can figure out if that was about
“Humans for all their wonderful details and emotional intricacies are creatures of habit by nature.  Even if they know they can live however and wherever they want, sometimes all they want is the comfort they know.  And sometimes that’s not a bad thing at all,” Cas smiles.  He waves at a table of people, some of whom Jack recognizes from photos back on Earth, and others he recognizes by virtue of who he is now.  “Come on,” Cas says, placing a gentle hand on Jack’s shoulder and leading him out into the sunlight.  “We’ve got some work to do.”
“I don’t want to wait,” he pants in response.  “Cas, we keep calling each other our mates, everyone around us says it, but we’re
“He was arguing with the Novak girl, Claire, during my class period but nothing disruptive.”  Dean sips at his beer. “Why are you calling
“Exactly.  Which is why he wound up in heaven.  Anyway long story short Cas offered himself in Jack’s place if the Empty would let Jack go.”  Sam runs a hand over his face, unable to stop his half smile.
“Well it’s early, only a few days on the job, but the lack of weird shit I think speaks to his handle on the situation.”  Dean goes still, watching what Sam is doing closely.  “He’ll be fine, he had you as a role model.”
.  Dean’s next sentence comes easy.  “I just, you should sit for a bit.  Being on your feet all day you’re probably exhausted.”  He gestures back at the table lamely, hoping against hope he wasn’t being too creepy or awkward.
“I’ll let you go, grumpy pants,” Charlie laughs.  “We still on for Thursday?” Charlie tries to get him out of the house at least once a week- this Thursday they're going bowling of all things.  Cas is already dreading the smell of the place.
the air and the sounds and the smells, the water rushing by beneath him and the wind blowing through the huge evergreens.  He can’t help a small smile, walking to the railing and testing the texture of it under his palm before leaning on it, continuing to take in the scenery.  A deer walks out of the woods and into the stream, silently pausing for a drink before lifting its head to look around, eyes falling on Dean’s form on the bridge before it continues on its way.
Cas hits his alarm as it starts going off, feeling off center as he swings his legs over the side of the bed.  He hadn't slept well last night, tossing and turning, even waking up a few times before drifting off again. He doesn't bother getting dressed, heading straight for the coffee machine in his pajamas.
Dean tries to appear relaxed as he watches the heavenly manifestation of some bug causing small ripples on the surface of the lake, but his entire being is hyper focused on everything Cas is saying.  “I hope you understand it was never my intention to hurt you, and I also hope you understand why they needed to be said.”
“Hey, Sammy.”  Dean’s voice is hoarse from disuse, but it’s more than he’s said to Sam since the hand cutting incident.  Sam turns and gets Eileen’s attention.  He signs for the medkit and she nods, turning from the kitchen to head for the infirmary, Miracle following happily behind.  Sam sits across from Dean at the table, his chest bursting with questions but he manages to keep them to himself.
“Not all mine.  Last swing hit an artery or some shit.  Wolf went off like a geyser.” He starts to stumble towards the door.
“Yeah me neither but, uh, yeah, kinda stuck with this one I guess.”  Sam dabs disinfectant on Dean’s wound, deciding to go for broke and try and get Dean to talk.
“No,” Dean shakes his head, wonder shining in his green eyes.  “I mean, no one I talked to about mating came close to describing anything that felt like this.”
“I know you don’t want to talk about it,” Dean's voice is gentle, not demanding, “but you probably should.”
“What do you mean, there’s no one there?” Cas asks, finishing with his emails and preparing to work on his spreadsheets.
“Hey, I noticed Jack seemed a little distracted in my class today, and I think my class is the only one that he actually enjoys.  Has something else happened?”
Dean missed seeing it.  All of it, the blue eyes and the wrinkles and the hair and just… Cas.  After a few moments of quiet, he drops his head and mutters the only thing he can think of, regardless of how vulnerable it makes him feel.
“Shut up,” Dean grouses, turning and walking towards the cabin, holding Cas’ hand tight.  Cas can see the smile Dean doesn’t quite hide.
To Sam’s utter surprise Dean is sitting at the kitchen table, Miracle jumping up from where he was laying at Dean’s feet to happily greet Eileen.  Dean hasn’t shaved yet, five days of facial hair still clouding his face, and dark circles under his eyes from sleepless nights, but he’s sober and the dead look in his eyes has lifted somewhat.
“Donuts?” Dean says as he walks in the room, his scent so much warmer than it had been yesterday that Cas doesn’t even try to hide how his nose flares.
“We live down Kirkman Road,” he explains, and Dean nods, pulling them out of the parking lot and turning south.
“You’re so reckless,” Cas growls.  Warmth spreads from Cas’ touch and Dean knows he’s healing the wound but from the pain that lingers when Cas’ hand moves away he knows he isn’t finished.  He simply stopped the bleeding. Cas’ hand, now slick with Dean’s blood, slides over his abdomen and the bruises there. This shouldn’t be so fucking
“It's fine," Cas blurts, maybe a bit too quick, and he mentally curses his awkwardness.  “I mean, being out here with the animals, I've kinda learned to deal with bad smells.” He drops the piece of bread on top of the sandwich before he realizes what he said.
“Not direct contact, but I have been keeping tabs on them.”  She smiles at Cas, her scent reassuring. “Gabe’s farm is being watched by a neighbor, and it seems that officials have no idea where he’s disappeared to.  Michael has gone on a sabbatical and cannot be reached by anyone. From what communications I’ve hacked into, security forces are very frustrated that some ‘hick and pencil pusher’ have eluded them.”  Cas smiles, relaxing as his relief floods the room. “I’m working on the slow and safe way to contact the Omega group in Southeast, but bet you dollars to donuts they’re helping hide them.”
“You know, I never thought you would be a dog person,” Eileen says, sitting down next to Sam.  She’s smiling gently, taking the sting out of her words and Dean’s eyes smile even if his mouth doesn’t.
It's soothing, listening to the muted sound of classic rock and Dean's singing voice as he works.  In a weird way, it's making him more productive, catching up on projects he'd been behind on for weeks.  His phone rings again, but it's only Gabe so he lets it go to voicemail. All his cousin would do is fret over the animals, and Cas doesn't want to try and explain his mood to him; Gabe wouldn't let it go as easily as Charlie.
“Oh, that's right, his big trip.  Hey, do you think he'd have a fit if I borrowed his barn for a get-together?”  Charlie’s feigned casual tone makes Cas huff a small laugh.
Sleep.  All he needs is some sleep, and his weird behavior will fix itself.  The proverbial turn it off and on again that works with all machinery.  Cas shuts and locks the door to his bedroom, shucking his work clothes for pajamas.  He brushes his teeth and slips into bed, trying to relax enough to fall asleep. It isn't working, his mind on super alert, hyper-aware of Dean down below him.  After an hour of listening to total silence, Cas finally drifts off to sleep.
I apologize profusely for taking so long but here it is at LAST!! The next update shouldn't be quite so delayed *nervous laugh*
“That’s- I’m not-” Dean’s voice cracks and he clears his throat, bringing his voice back to it’s normal pitch.  “I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
Cas knows tensions are high, he can scent it off everyone in the room, including himself, but they’re doing something about it.  They’ve got purpose, he has Dean, and his family is safe. Optimism he isn't used to feeling fills his chest with warmth.
“`Course I do,” Dean puffs his chest out, "it's my job, isn't it?"  Cas shakes his head in amusement, giving Dean a gentle shove away from him.
“There’s a spare room,” Cas blurts, his heart rate increasing tenfold the moment the words leave him.  Dean pauses and looks back, surprised.
“You know, if you want, I could help you with your chores this evening?  The Impala should rest another day, and I don't want to invade your space without some kind of compensation."  Dean says it quick, hand running through his hair in a nervous tick. Cas swallows the swooping feeling in his stomach because
“Well, yeah, people with hyperosmia have heightened instincts and stronger scent responses.  Most alphas, as you know better than me, smell heavier, like a woodsy smell, abrasive. I don't know if anyone has told you, but you… it's like a sandalwood, it's… comforting.”  Just like this beta’s scent is for me. Cas shifts in his chair under Dean’s gaze.
that he belongs to Dean now, and the thought floods every part of him with such elation he’s sure he’s going to break apart at the seams.
In spite of the roughness and the bloody mess they’ve both turned into, Dean still feels cherished, wanted,
, when he fucks Dean raw it’s animalistic.  Cas gives his everything to Dean every time, pleasure and the sweet, good kind of pain, and Dean loves it.
“If you’re sure you can handle it.”  Cas smirks as he climbs out of bed and Dean huffs a satisfied sigh, making no secret of watching Cas get dressed.
They both float for a few minutes, sharing kisses, whispered affirmations.  Eventually, Cas slides out, pressing soft kisses in apology over Dean’s skin as he winces from the empty feeling.  Slowly, Cas lowers Dean’s legs, massaging the cramped muscles, fingers trailing down to his injured calf. A warmth washes over his skin and the wound heals fully, Cas’ lips tracing where it used to be.
“Thanks,” Cas says, and Dean doesn’t miss the small sigh of relief when he relaxes into the chair.  “How was your break?” It takes Dean a moment before he remembers Cas would know about their school break because of Jack.
“She tended to… disappear.”  Cas has accepted his childhood and moved on, but Dean’s scent is turning sour with genuine anger.
“Dean Winchester.”  Cas can’t see where the voice came from, so he’s assuming it’s from someone behind the gate.
I've gotten this chapter done and I'm so excited to share it with you!!  Fingers crossed the next update won't be so long!
upside down.  The new smells alone were like a punch to the gut with every breath I took.  I could smell
“I assure you, it’s not a kink,” Cas mumbles, his neck flushing red as Dean chuckles and presses a kiss to the skin.  “I was just…trying to assure myself you were okay.”
“Mechanical-wise she’s all good, but she needs some more oil."  Dean pats the car with a fond slap of his palm. "Baby's only thirsty."  Cas watches as a drop of sweat makes its way from Dean’s hairline, down the curve of his neck, to the hollow of his throat.
“Yeah, no kidding.”  Dean presses one more kiss to his lips and climbs off of Cas, who immediately misses his warm weight in his arms.  “Dude,” Dean shakes his head. “I’m
with you, Cas. Your weird sense of humor and your bashfulness and how you’re always so worried about everyone else except yourself.  I want you to be mine as fucking bad as I want to be yours.” Everything in his scent is screaming the same thing back at Cas and it’s all Cas can do to keep breathing.
“You were supposed to wait for me.”  Cas’ voice is low, dipped into that dangerous territory where Dean starts to wonder if he’s
“Hey, it’s Dean.  I wanted to talk about something while it was fresh in my mind.” A pause while she answers, and Dean starts speaking again, but Cas is only half listening, focusing on setting water to boil for noodles and pulling out some of the fresh vegetables. Through the flow of Dean’s emotions in the back of Cas’ mind, he knows the conversation goes well, and by the time Dean is done, he’s served up a proper dinner for the two of them, Dean sniffing appreciatively as he walks into the room.
“So, dating, all that jazz, never crossed your radar?” Dean asks, trying too hard to be casual.  Cas swallows hard, sitting up straighter in his chair.
“Come on, there’s a room where we can talk in private.”  Layla’s scent is warm and inviting, and Dean nudges Cas to get him walking again. They follow Layla down a long hallway to an office, a candle burning and giving off the scent of nutmeg and cinnamon. It reminds Cas of pumpkin pie, comfort food he and Michael used to bake together as kids, and immediately he's set at ease. The office furniture is soft and comfortable looking, Layla gesturing for them to sit on the couch as she sits in a chair across from them.  The coffee table between them is bare, but photos of the woods adorn the walls and make the room feel warm.
One sentence, and his blood runs completely cold, a terrifying panic gripping him.  He drops his phone, scooting away from it and falling out of bed, continuing to scoot till he’s backed into the corner of his room.  He hugs his knees, shutting his eyes and trying to breathe.
“Well, what do you want to know?” Dean asks around a mouthful of sandwich.  Cas shrugs, trying to come up with something simple and non-intrusive.
“Yeah, for a bit.  Your weird blood kink kinda wore me out.”  Dean rolls into his side, tucking himself around Cas as the big spoon.
“Need to show off your own amazing cooking?” Dean follows at a much calmer pace, refilling his cup with some ice from the freezer.
“Bet he found you down in Southeast,” the man continues, his nose flaring as his eyes find Cas’ neck.  “And it seems y’all are mated, too.” Anger on his mate’s behalf swirls in with his own protectiveness, and if it wasn’t for Dean’s presence in the back of his mind he probably would have swung a punch.
“Didn’t really picture you being a nurse,” Dean shoots back.  Sam’s gaze bounces between them, obviously confused, and Cas turns away to hide his embarrassment.
“Alright, you big strong alpha you, I leave my little slice of paradise in your capable hands.”  Gabe ruffles Cas’ hair and finally walks out the door. Cas runs his hand through his flyaway dark hair, though he has to admit it’s pretty pointless to try and fix it.  He stands to see Gabriel off, watching as his cousin’s old pick-up pulls out of sight down the quiet country road. Gabe is heading to Plant City for some sort of livestock and equipment show, leaving Cas to tend the farm on his own for four days.
“I need you to tell me it's a bad idea to remote hack into Dick’s computer and make his desktop a picture of a dildo.”
“Here, don't dehydrate.”  Cas offers him the cup of water, and Dean accepts with a brush of his fingers.
“Jessica can show you around, make sure you get fed,” Layla explains as another blonde walks in.  She’s younger than Layla, her smile no less kind, but her scent has more… charge, or energy.
“Alright, Sammy let’s hit the road,” Dean huffs, scrambling to get his stuff gathered.  In his hurry, his messenger bag flips, and a good number of his graded tests slide out across the table.  Cursing and flushing crimson, Dean scrambles to gather them up as Sam laughs. Cas starts to help gather them up, but he pauses after a moment.
“Look, I know this is a lot, but I need you there.”  Dean gives him a shy look and drops his eyes. “I need my mate with me.”
“Not really.”  Cas smiles to help emphasize his words.  “I have Gabriel and the animals. My best friend Charlie comes to visit me and so does my brother from time to time.  It’s enough to be able to breathe.”
“Well I'll be out of your hair shortly,” Dean reassures him.  Cas nods, feeling super awkward and inadequate next to this gorgeous man.  He can't even tell if he's an alpha or a beta, with no scent to go by. Not that it should matter, Cas reasons with himself.  It's not like anything is going to happen in the five minutes it takes to charge his phone.
“Well, I’m glad something good came from my car crapping out.”  Dean leans over Cas to grab his empty plate, and Cas feels the softest brush of his bare chest against Cas' shoulder.
“Whatever.  Just let me know when you set up your first date!”  She hangs up before Dean can say anything else, and Dean groans, grabbing his beer and downing half of it in one go.
calm.  The man is stocky, well built and tall with a hell of a beard and nothing but alpha all over him. There’s something… off about him, something that reminds Cas a little of his mother… something
“Cas, I’ve had a lot of time to think about that day, about everything you said.  I couldn’t forget a damn word of that whole speech even when I wanted to, even when I drank to try and make myself forget.”  Cas is silent, eyes turned to the ground as Dean speaks.  “I had a lot of time to think about what I didn’t say, what I could have said.  And I got angry and I got frustrated and I felt like shit and guilty as fuck and every time,
I went around that circle of words in my head, I always came back to one thing.  One thing, Cas.”  Cas looks up at him, his face unreadable or maybe just that way because Dean doesn’t want to know what he’s thinking for fear it might keep him from finally being able to say this.  “You said- you said the one thing you wanted you knew you couldn’t have.  Cas… you’ve always had me.”
“I’m sorry we didn’t wait, Cas.”  Cas doesn’t answer but continues to divest Dean of his bloody shirts, the red staining his chest as well where it leaked through onto his skin, thicker rivulets running in lines where it missed his shirt and dripped down behind his collar.  Cas’ hands are covered in the sticky blood now but he doesn’t seem to notice, shucking his trench and his own jacket. Dean notices some of the blood transferred to Cas’ crisp white shirt as he was undressing, a couple smears on the chest and sleeves.  Dean swallows hard, no idea why the fuck that has his temperature spiking but in no way complaining.
