John runs into to someone.
Mycoft and Sherlock's story
Before Sherlock could say another word, Magnussen was on him. He pushed the omega into the corner of the back seat. Grabbing Sherlock’s wrists, he pinned them to the leather seats. His mouth crashed into Sherlock’s. His tongue forced its way into the younger man’s mouth.
John turned and looked sadly at James. “If I did, I might never leave.”
The guard was big enough and strong enough to break Sherlock in two if he choose to do so. But something about the certainty of Sherlock’s comments scared the man.
John rushed past the corporal and to the partial buried communication warren. John tripped down the stairs and into the room. Colonel Bennett was standing next to the radio operator.
“Then I suggest you learn my name and use it . . . sir.” The omega was not going to be accused of insubordination.
The box of ‘cold cases’ arrived the next day. Five cases from the seventies. There was a small note inside the box.
“Don’t you ever do something stupid like that again.” John growled.
Sherlock frowned as he stared at John. He returned the gun back into the holster under his coat. John stepped forward as Moran stepped into the kitchen. His expression changed from open and friendly to anger when he saw Sherlock.
“Sherlock . . . he is beautiful” John whispered. His whole being focused on the child.
The black saloon drove into an empty warehouse. The dirty windows prevented sunlight from reaching inside the building. The driver turned on the headlamps. They parked the car and the man in the front seat got out. The yellowish light reflected off a single chair in the middle of the room. He opened the back door and stared at John.
Seb hesitated then took one step forward. John was quick and fast. He brought his fist up and punched the man squarely on the chin. Seb’s head snapped back and to the side. He tasted the copper in his mouth as he bit his own cheek. His vision turned red with anger. The sharp pain spurred his reaction before Seb could control his temper. He swung fast, catching John’s cheek with his right fist.
Frankie smiled again. “Let’s say you’re right and I’m some kind’a scary criminal mastermind – don’t you think I would be prepared incase you came in here and figured out who I was?”
“Do you have a purposed compensation?” Moriarty barely hid the discontent in his voice.
Mycroft’s expression darkened as he stared back at Sir Henry. Mary gave a small gasp.
“What are you doing?” Sherlock asked as he watched John.
Greg Lestrade was standing next to the bed. His hair was greyer than Sherlock remembered. His eyes were sadder.
John thought his legs were about to crumple under him. Before he could answer he felt the tug at the button for his jeans and the fly being opened. He closed his eyes and tapped his head against the wall behind him. Sherlock’s fingers teased John’s length covered by the cotton briefs. John bit his cheek to keep the keen from escaping his mouth.
Slowly, Sherlock wrapped his arms around John and pulled him closer. He rested his chin on the top of John’s head as the omega buried his nose into Sherlock’s neck. Breathing deeply the scent of the alpha. Sherlock held John close till he heard the soft breathing of the omega asleep. Sherlock thought about Moran and what he had said just before he died.
“Yeah. Not a surprise, his sire is enough of a twat to drive me barmy. Pup or not. It just seems that since I got pregnant . . . I don’t know which way he’s coming or going. And there’s this woman . . .”
Moran watched as his boss left. The detective and doctor remained stilled before Holmes stepped over and helped John to stand. Moran noticed as soon as John was on his feet, Holmes stepped back and to give the omega space. Moran waited till the two men left the pool area, then he watched the other shooters moving slowly away. Hidden deep in the shadows. Moran slowly swung himself down from the rafters and on to the top row of seats. He moved quickly to his escape route and into the cold night. His body still damp with sweat.
“Like? Tell me some of your jobs so I can see if you are telling me the truth.”
“Don’t force me to make threats. Get into the car.”
“I am very busy, John. Please, let’s not make this more than it was . . .” the words hung in his throat. He looked away. “I’m sure you can find your own way out.”
“Get on with it or I’m leaving.” John grimaced.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, John. I won’t let you.” Sherlock said as he turned away from John. His heart beginning to pound hard in his chest. He tore the letter up as he took three long strides away from John.
He wasn’t sure where the dream came from, but he found it disturbing and difficult to forget. He sat up and looked at the clock. It was already eight o’clock. He was going too late to class if he didn’t hurry.
Mycroft sneered at his brother. “At least you didn’t imagine yourself as Cordelia. But ‘fool’ would be appropriate, given your behavior.”
“I didn’t solve it. I didn’t even tell Lestrade my suspicions.” Sherlock said as he glanced around the room. “But it was this hospital. Probably this floor.”
Sholto was reloading his musket. Cullen and Henn had guns pointed at the men and McMath was pointing the loaded swivel-gun at the men running towards them. McMath pressed the linstock to the touch hole and gun fired. The heavy shot whistled across the quay and at the men. Sacks of sugar were struck as well as the men. Several men fell to the ground as the raw sugar snowed down on the bloodied bodies.
“No,” Sherlock took a step forward. “He’s here.”
“You must be joking.”
“Are you here or this another dream?” Sherlock whispered.
“Decaf? Why?”
“I’ll give you all the time you need John, as long as you quite quickly. Don’t make me wait forever.”
They were a day out of St. Thomas when McMath saw his chance. It was early evening and the ship was sailing into the setting sun. Holmes was in the forecastle with Blackwood. He was sitting down, hunched over the worktable. Blackwood had allowed Holmes to use the delicate tools Blackwood used to repair the muskets and pistols. McMath watched as Blackwood left and left Holmes alone.
“Let me see the wound. See how bad you let it get.” John pulled on a pair of latex gloves as he removed a thermometer from the bag. Before Sherlock could protest, John shoved the glass rod into Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock grunted and rolled his eyes.
2017 Things heat up for John and Seb 2005 Sherlock is faced with an ultimatum.
“Sherlock meant everything to me. And he knew it. I made sure he knew it. What you went through? How long did it take you to even notice something was wrong with him? Claiming concern and attachment but in reality, emotionally isolated and indifferent. You don’t care for Sherlock because the Holmes can’t care for anyone. Not even themselves. You’re brilliance and great intellect has left you less than human. Hollow and uncaring.”
“That’s not what his records say.” Greg glared back at John. He waved several files he was holding.
“The police?! Four people are dead! There’s no time for the police!” Sherlock nearly shouted. He quickly wrapped his scarf around his neck. “There’s a good Italian restaurant across the street. We’ll have an excellent view of the building.”
“Sherlock? Are you here? I have something to . . .” John didn’t finish his sentence.
Then John reached over and grabbed Sherlock’s shoulders. Both men fell backwards off their perch and into the water. Sherlock barely had time to shout, as the water welcomed him in. He and John popped up to the surface. Sherlock gasping and John laughing. John lunged forward and grabbed Sherlock’s waist. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s shoulders for support. John’s arm instinctually came around Sherlock to steady him.
The driver came back out and John started to move back across the street. He reached behind himself and wrapped his fingers around the grip of his gun. John was just pulling it out when he saw Sherlock join the driver on the pavement. John stopped, still concealed in the shadows between two parked cars. The two men spoke for a moment, then Sherlock climbed into the backseat of the cab.
“I have no idea what you are talking about.” Sherlock said. He could feel his pulse rate begin to race.
John heard the question but didn’t feel like commenting on what Dimmit said. Dimmit seemed to get frustrated by John’s silence.
“Don’t believe for one second, brother dear, that I forgot about your supposed illness. There will be consequences for your indiscretion.”
Greg pushed passed Donavan and opened the door to his office. Just as Donavan had warned him, Greg found Mycroft Holmes sitting stiffly in the office. The man’s back was ramrod straight as if he was afraid if he lean against anything, he would soil his expensive suit.
Wiggins was younger than Sherlock by two years but looked much older. He had been the illegitimate son of one of the prostitutes along the quay. When he was seven, he was kicked out of the brothel and he had been living on the streets of Bridgetown ever since. His face was always dirty and his hair appeared to be blonde but was never clean. He had hazel eyes but after a fight with a club, one eye never tracked as well as the other.
John thought he was just like Moran. He could, if he allowed himself, be as heartless and cold as the man who killed his friend.
Mycroft turned on his heels and marched out of the ward.
“Sherlock, I don’t have to remind you of what happened the last time you saw John.” Mycroft said. His words covering over the gentle tapping of his spoon on the edge of the cup.
“Stop that.”
“I was six years old. Beaten every day. Sometimes with a stick, sometime with a belt. I was made to bath in cold water. Even in the winter.” Moriarty’s voice took on a hysterical tone. “Even Dickens’ in his darkest fantasies couldn’t imagine the horrors of the childhood I had . . . all because of your son, Mycroft. Well, I am here to return the favor. He will now suffer. He will now see everything he cares about taken away from him.”
“Thank you Dispatch, 778 out.”
He reached up and laid his right hand over Sherlock’s brow. Sherlock felt the coolness of John’s skin and it was strange. John was always warmer than him. It seemed odd to think of John with cool skin. John stood and opened his bag.
Moran smiled. John liked blue flowers. He wondered how long it would take Holmes to realize he had lost.
“I guess I shouldn’t be here either.” John said glancing around.
, the alpha growled. There had to be some mistake.
Sherlock was reading one of John’s infectious diseases book. He seemed mesmerized by the photographs of rare tropical parasitic infections.
Sherlock stiffened. He sat up straight and glared at John.
The older Holmes glared at the back of Sherlock’s head. He stepped further into the room and twisted so his attention was on Sherlock.
“No, Sherlock. Don’t say anything else.” John grabbed his phone and walked out of the flat.
“John!” Sherlock shifted under the man, pulling John closer.
“For saving my life back in Roseau.” Sherlock explained.
“I wanted his drugs. I was willing to do anything to get them.”
“Since the first moment the two of you met. Since that day in the lab, I knew Sherlock was interested in you. But in the last few weeks, after you punched Victor and Sherlock moved in with you, he’s different.” Mike said.
“Dress this way, I expect a few comments will be made,” John said as he smiled sideways at Sherlock.
“Your father was an enforcer for a bookie and helped extort money from local business.” Mycroft said coolly.
John twisted and nipped sharply at the tender skin on the inside of Sherlock’s thigh. Sherlock gasped and John watched as the omega’s swollen length jumped. Precum rushed out of the slit and glistened the top. The scent of slick lofted up and drew John closer.
Both men were panting and shaking as wave after wave of new orgasms hit. Sherlock’s body milking everything John’s had. The knot holding it all inside the omega’s body.
“What do we do?” Blackwood asked to the empty space between them.
Magnussen smiled. “Holmes is neutralized now. That is all that matters.”
It was like a dance. The slow and measured conversation with several different levels of implications. The subtilties and covert meanings to every word and nuance. Wilderbrant knew that John understood what was being offered and he realized John was turning him down. He couldn’t hide his disappointment.
“Do you miss the army?” Sherlock asked. He felt completely out of place. A stranger with a stranger.
“Sherlock, I never asked you, but why did you alibi Moriarty during the Dimmock investigation?” Mycroft asked. He sat in the leather chair opposite from his fragile brother.
“Oh, you are into the intellectual conquest. Tell me what did you learn by studying the room?” Irene asked.
“That was completely and totally . . .” John started.
“Wait a tick.” John said as he was yanked out of the small room.
“Did that feel good?” He asked. His Irish accent coming through thicker.
“Doc, you know he can’t do that. And if he shows up at A and E, what’s he going to tell them? That he was shot and Doc Watson stitched him up without notifying the coppers?”
“Was that really necessary?” Sherlock asked.
“DON’T YOU DARE CALL THAT BASTARD!” Sherlock screamed.
“You heard the bastard. Row towards them and when we feel the captain tug on the rope – PULL!”
“Don’t hurt me!” Victor cowered. John took another step forward and Victor pulled himself into a tight ball. “Don’t . . . please, don’t hit me again!”
“No.” Sherlock said. “John is the only one who can save John.”
“Well, that wasn’t my question.” John hesitated looking around them. “No, it was something Dimmock said about your brother. About him being a hypocrite.”
“My father? My father was a bastard. I ran away from him when I was eleven. I didn’t know what he did or even that he was dead.”
“Are you leaving?”
2006       It had been a long day at Scotland Yard. There had been a murder of a French tourist in Hyde Park. The investigation into a rape homicide near the Black Friar was being held up by the forensic lab. Then there was the Dimmock investigation. In six months there had been no new information regarding the murder of the police officer. It was a personal affront to the entire office. Scotland Yard didn’t like the idea of letting a cop killer go unpunished, let alone unknown.
John felt his stomach do a flip.
It felt so natural to John. He wondered why he had hesitated to even start in the first place. This was Sherlock he was kissing. His friend, but something even more.
“Sherlock, are you okay?”
“I told you, I didn’t know the man.” John interjected in the argument.
“Oh, shit.” John snarled.
“I’m not. I supposed to learn anatomy.” John whispered. “I didn’t know you were enrolled in this class.”
“Well, I guess it is time for me to go home. You’ll need to close up soon. What’s my tab?”
“Yes, how did you know?”
“I don’t know who we are dealing with. I need you to hide until we know who it is.” John said as he pulled himself away from Sherlock.
Blackwood watched as Sherlock checked to make sure it was loaded and ready to be used. Sherlock turned to leave when Blackwood grabbed Sherlock’s forearm.
Anger surged to through the wounded soldier. He was there to help John and all the idiot kept doing was trying to provoke him. Moran completely lost control. He came up and swung again. Punching John high on his left cheek bone. The pain rocked through the doctor and knocked him off his feet. John crumbled to the floor.
“We did?!” John seemed surprised.
“Good thing too. He was within minutes of dying when you brought him in.” John said as he held out his hand to the man. “You saved his life.”
John hesitated before taking the envelope. It was thick with papers and John felt a squeeze to his stomach. Anthea turned without acknowledging him, and left. Her fingers still tapping on the keys of her phone.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at his brother.
“Or if I know who was responsible. A few months after we started . . . our relationship, I was involved in an interview with Jim Moriarty. He informed me that he had ordered Moran to shoot the detective. Just as John had asserted, Dimmock was taking bribes. He was on the payroll of Moriarty. He started demanding more and Moriarty decided his death was more profitable than keeping him alive.”
“John, you’re pregnant.”
Sherlock threw himself off the couch and glared at his brother.
“Who lives here?” John asked as Sherlock closed the window.
“You have him by his balls.” John smiled at Sherlock. A spark of pride brightened John’s sapphire blue eyes.
“She doesn’t appear to be demanding anything.” He said as he read a follow-up story to the Paddington murder.
John shifted in the bed and moved to sit up.
The taxi ride back to the flat had been quiet. Neither man willing to break the silence. Neither looking directly at each other. When they got out of the cab, they walked into the flat and collapsed on the chairs, exhausted by the events of the day. Sherlock sat in his favorite chair with his head tipped back over the cushion. His long legs stretched out in front of him. His eyes closed and his face laxed.
“He will always dictate to me. But it was a chance to make him tear up the conservatorship.”
“You and Irene. The fact that she was going to have you on that desk . . . in front of me!” John’s was shaking his hand at the desk. He didn’t mean to, but his voice raised to a shout.
“Just a pint, I’m waiting for my new boyfriend.” Wilderbrant turned away from John and scanned the crowd of the bar. The music was getting louder and the strobe lights picked up speed. Reds and yellows flashed around them.
“How well do you know Sholto?” Greg continued.
“Why?”
After ten minutes, Sherlock crawled out of bed and slowly opened the door. He walked into the sitting room and saw John stretched out on the couch. He hadn’t even unfolded the bed. He was facing the back of the couch. A small blanket barely covered his naked body.
“Fine we escaped him, but we still have no idea where John is.”
“Where?” John asked.
“I believe that is the name he gave me.”
“Even after you leave to join the army?” Mycroft snapped.
“I . . . I . . .” Culverton looked back and forth between the various men.
“You are wrong. It won’t be you who makes sure we are safe.” John said. “It will be . . .”
“OH GOD! JOHN!”
Mycroft thought how in character of him.
“Sherlock, with your history of drug abuse, you won’t qualify for the Met.”
“No,” he said as he tried to push her hands way.
Barr’s blood spread out across the deck and covered John’s feet. He watched as it seemed to pull him down into its darkness. The blood turned black and enfolded him into itself. Covering him and drowning him. Just like the water had drowned Babcock.
The kiss ended naturally and Sherlock leaned his forehead against John’s. “I’ve wanted to do that for a long time,” he whispered.
“You would know.” Sherlock’s eyes were fixed on John’s. The alpha didn’t respond at all. He forced himself to look harmless. “You can get the powder burns out of your fingers. I don’t supposed you will serve anytime for this, but let’s avoid the court case.”
The older alpha had a case for the consulting detective and his omega. A case from an unknown client of extreme importance. Half an hour later John followed his alpha out of the palace listening to Sherlock’s claim he would have the incriminating photographs before the day was out.
“James? . . . What are you going to do?”
Things get very dark at the end of this chapter. Mention of rape and sexual abuse.
James laughed softly. “What, the poor little tiger learn his true love is just another whore?”
Greg Lestrade learns something disturbing.
He wanted to hear Sherlock’s voice. He wanted to make sure Sherlock was alright. He pulled the phone from his pocket and realized he had Sherlock’s mobile. He frowned as he looked at a text message that had come through.
“I don’t know what you are talking about. What is he going on about?” She turned and looked at Smith.
“She was beautiful. Bright blue eyes and straw colored hair. A little pug nose. I loved her very much. When she told me she was pregnant, I never knew I could be so happy.”
“Why there?”
Behind them the building continued to burn. The water from the hoses had turned the smoke from black to pale grey. The morning breezes still pulled it away from them as the rising sun finally reached their faces. The trail of tears down their soot smudged faces glistened in the sunlight. John held Sherlock’s face still and whispered into his mouth.
“Are you okay with this?” John asked as they sat down on the couch together, their hands still moving over each other. The kisses becoming more heated.
“I’m sure he played on your need to be needed.”
“Cardiff.” Lestrade said.
Blackwood sailed the ship away from the coast. The ship couldn’t be caught in the waters near England. There was still a price on their heads and the crew needed flee. They were low on supplies and needed a friendly port but none would be available to them where the English Navy sailed. If they were seen by the navy, the crew would surely be hanged as pirates.
“Kill his friend. We don’t need witnesses.”
“Sherlock! What the . . .” He reached for his radio and immediately cued it up. “Dispatch, this is Lestrade 778, I need emergency medical assistance at Vauxhall Tunnels. Pervious location listed. Civilian in need of medical attention.”
“I must agree with Mycroft,” Violet Holmes said. She ignored John and went to stand next to her son. “You have shown terrible judgment in your choice of companions.”
“Where you from?” One of the other soldier’s asked him.
Greg sighed and pulled a notebook from his pocket. “Okay, gimme.”
“So does your favorite expect you to pay her a visit each time you pass through?” John asked as he waved at the waitress.
“More than likely,” Mycroft said as he stepped into a lift.
“Where did you go?” asked Mycroft.
“Obviously.” John comment. “Single ‘GSW’ to the right side of the head. It was a contact wound. There is stippling and soot around the wound. The development of the man’s right arm indicates his was right-handed. What is so fascinating about his right hand?” He expected that Sherlock would be impressed by John’s observations.
John turned away from the naked man and went to the wardrobe. He pulled out a warn terrycloth robe and tossed it behind himself without turning around.
“I need the exact whereabouts of my brother, Sherlock, straightaway.”
John’s hands held Sherlock’s face. Memories came rushing back. A familiarity that was welcomed and still feared. How many times had John held Sherlock this way? How many times had they avoided speaking of their feelings? Giving it a name? How often had moments like this ended with a kiss?
He took a moment to look Sherlock’s companion over. It was the first time he had seen Captain John Watson. The man was smaller than he expected. Six inches shorter that his brother. The Captain’s blond hair was flecked with silver that picked up the light from the fireplace. Watson appeared to have been sick. His body was not as robust as one would expect from the ship’s captain. His cheeks were hollow and there was a paleness to him that was from illness and not lack of sun.
“Hey, mister! Your chair’s on fire!” Mickey Barton stood up and rushed forward.
Then James did something spontaneous. He wrapped his arm over John’s shoulder. It wasn’t until the arm was comfortably resting on John’s shoulder did James realize he did it. He tensed expecting John to stop or jerk away from him. But the shorter man didn’t. John continued to laugh, and walked back into the compound with James, beside him.
John thought to himself.
The final confrontation between Moriarty and Sherlock.
“I will be ready for him.”
Magnussen laughed again. The sound grated on Sherlock’s nerves.
“And I refuse.” Sherlock said smugly, turning his face away from the woman.
“Oh, you’re rather good.” Sherlock said in his deep melodious voice.
Mycroft rolled his eyes. “I was going to say, I would be more than willing to arrange for him to review John’s case with the stipulation Sherlock accompany me home to my townhouse. That he remains with me there until this situation is finalized.”
“I need that information.” Sherlock pleaded.
“John never did anything that would be considered criminal. He doesn’t know . . .” Moran said as he pulled his arms back through the bars. “It was just me . . .”
“Because I have a message for him from his brother.”
“Some arse wipe is trying to die in the loo.” The skinny kid said once he had John’s attention.
Sherlock hesitated and John turned to look into the omega’s eyes.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and pulled off his suit jacket, wrapping it over John’s naked shoulders.
John stepped back and pointed to his stomach. Moran smiled softly.
A playful smile crept over Sherlock’s expression as he stepped closer. “I thought you enjoyed my annoying dick.”
“That’s ridiculous. You’ll be gone and I’ll be . . .”
Mycroft glanced up from his mobile to see his brother pacing the hospital room. The man’s small infant son in his arms. The baby was asleep but would soon wake and cry out for his papa. For John.
“Lestrade, when did you get here?”
“Why do you have to be so tall?” John whispered as a smile broke across his face.
The three could see Roylott wanting to fight. Wanting to lash out and attack but the man knew it was impossible. He gritted his teeth.
Mycroft ignored his brother and turned to the tea serve beside his chair. He poured himself another cup of tea, adding the perfect amount of milk, while his eyes gazed longingly at the pavlova.
The crew was hard at work when Sherlock came blurry eyed out of the forecastle. After the excitement of the attack the previous night, Sherlock had difficulty sleeping. He tossed and turned on the small pallet he laid on. The images of John standing on the deck – sword in hand and seconds from death. The hatred he saw in Hope’s face. The overwhelming need to protect the captain. Protect someone he had only recently met. When sleep finally did come to Sherlock it was full of restless dreams of white flashes of gunpowder and scarlet blood.
“And no one noticed the painting was gone until after the guards and kids ran down the street?”
“Because it is linked to a cold case I worked before I was demoted. Victor Trevor.”
“But it wasn’t your decision was it?” Moriarty tipped his head slightly. “You weren’t the pack alpha by then, were you?”
“Okay, let me come clean. James and I were doing small jobs. Here and there. One night, James comes to me and says he was contacted by a facilitator. Someone who could give us background information for jobs. Schedules, photos, routes. Also fences for the stolen goods. For his assistance, he took forty percent of the net. That was it. He gave us our biggest jobs, including the armored car robbery. I never saw him. He met with James. I never thought he was your half-brother or that he was going after Mycroft. It never occurred to me.”
“You are still my brother. And I still do care, Sherlock.”
Mycroft gave a half-hearted laugh. “Bastard is correct.”
“Of course I’m not alright. How do you know about John and the Army? Are you just saying that to make me upset?” Sherlock ignored Mycroft’s question.
“Bollocks,” he hissed as he reached down to rub his leg.
When the door finally opened, John near jumped out of skin. He looked up at Dimmit. The man had a smile on his face. He sat down opposite John. He laid out several folders in front of himself but had them turned where John couldn’t read the labels.
2008 Sangin, Afghanistan
The Morstan was moving parallel to the Speckled Band. The Band was already tethered to the British ship. The cannons were silent but the sound of pistol shot and musket fire carried over with shouts and screams.
“I need you. Please John. You are all I hold dear.”
“Yes, sir.” John smiled and dropped the canvas flap that acted as a door for the tent.
“Well, it is about time you did.”
Sherlock took another quick hit off the pipe and handed it to Wiggins. The younger boy sucked in a lung full of smoke and coughed more violently than Sherlock. Sherlock took the pipe back and tried again.
“So those are your solicitors standing in the hallway?” Greg teased.
“My flat.” John said coughing slightly. Warmth filled him as his alpha side watched intently as the omega paced. He smiled lasciviously.
“I . . . I don’t know.”
“Mycroft said you had been watched.” Sherlock said as the kiss ended.
Greg glance up at the two story building. The windows were broken out and the front door had been kicked in. He didn’t know why he had been called here. The report that had come in was ‘body found in known drug den’. Obvious drug overdose. No reason to believe a homicide detective was needed.
“He is beautiful.” Sherlock whispered in amazement.
“How dare you call me a liar! I demand you take me to England!”
“Of course you don’t. Because you are an idiot. If my resurrection were to incur, your credibility with the King and Queen would suffer. How could the great Mycroft Holmes be stupid enough to believe an unverified report of my death? On top of the fact that as before, I could be used as leverage against you. Only my death frees you from such pressures while maintaining your standing with the William and Mary.”
John pouted. “Doctor, remember?” He pointed to himself. “Not very interesting at this time of the day . . .” John looked around. “What time is it?”
“How very predictable,” Sherlock complained.
“I know. I had a fight with Sherlock when I got home. Ended up sleeping on the couch.”
Standing next to the bed was Culverton Smith. He was grasping his left arm. Blood was staining the sleeve of the white shirt.
John huffed out a breath as he stood up straight. “Sorry being almost a doctor tends to make one focus on another’s wellbeing. Sherlock, I should take you to hospital to be checked out. I don’t think you hit your head but I am worried about your abdomen.”
“What?”
Jim wasn’t one for group sex, but he did enjoy watching other debase themselves. Watching men and women allow themselves to be used and abused for the pleasures of drugs. It made Jim feel powerful. And Jim loved feeling powerful.
“I’m not gay!” John protested.
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut and sucked in a deep breath as he tried to control his body. It wanted John again. It craved the man. “How could I have been so foolish?” Sherlock said to himself.
John twisted and let Sherlock rip the coat and the vest off his body.
Moran felt a twist in his stomach. He wanted Sherlock. He wanted him to kneel before him and to be obedient to everything Moran wanted, but he knew Jim was planning something.
“I am your man.” Moran said.
“I presume you will proceed with the autopsy over at St. Bartholomew?” Mycroft asked as he leaned heavily on his umbrella.
“Not interested.” Sherlock said as he struggled to stand up.
John stared at Sherlock for several seconds until his mouth caught up to his racing brain.
Wilkes stood. “To the restoration of our king.” He whispered dramatically.
“Jim Moriarty.”
“He was trying to sneak drugs in for the patients. I thought you would be happy to see him leave.”
“I have my own wants. And one of them is a pliant omega.”
“Okay, but you are one crazy bastard if you do this.” Barr said.
But Mike was as affable as ever. It was as if no time had passed between the two of them. Mike only commented once about John’s cane and never about the tremor. They sat and drank coffee and watched the people go by. It was like a veil had been lifted and finally John could see a future.
John twisted to see if there was a vial on the nightstand. Beside it was a small folded piece of paper. John opened it and read the list of drugs. Merpinidine, morphine, and phencyclidine. John felt sick. He looked back at Sherlock.
There was sound of running boots and the crash of doors leading inside the house. Sherlock smiled and quickly climbed down out of the tree. He was on the ground and running towards the woods as oil lamps came out on the balcony.
“You will be surprised by my offer.” Smith continued. “You know with the political changes coming and upheaval in the economy it really would be in your best interest to speak to me.”
Magnussen held Sherlock’s hand in his palm as his other hand slowly dragged over the fine bones and pale skin. Sherlock felt an immediate revulsion and tried to pull his hand back but Magnussen wouldn’t relent.
~^+^~
“Sherlock, we discussed this. It’s not that simple. First off, I need to go. I need this residency for my training as a doctor. Second off, the army will finish paying for my medical school. There are no other residencies available and if there were, they wouldn’t take someone who just dropped out of a perfectly good one because is boyfriend said so.”
“But necessary.”
I’m Going Under and This Time I Fear There’s No One to Turn To
“Sherlock, I don’t want you getting sick while I’m away. You need to eat better than this.” John criticized after Sherlock had refused to eat any dinner one night.
John gave a weak laugh. He missed the excitement of the war too, but occasionally he could feel the same adrenaline in the A&E.
John growled. He wasn’t going to pity Holmes again. “I don’t care if his pretty white hands bleed all the way to Charlotte Amalie. He works. I’m done caring about the bastard.”
He remained sitting across the table from Moran as his older brother stepped into the flat. Mycroft Holmes halted at the threshold and glanced quickly around the room. He finally rested his eyes on the two men sitting conversationally at the table.
“What?”
“Contrary to what you insist on believing, Sherlock, I do care about you.” Mycroft said sadly. “It has never been my intentions to cause you pain. And I do recognize how important Dr. Watson is to you. Even though I believe he will only bring you disappointment. I know I can’t prevent you from caring for the man therefore I will assist where I can.” Mycroft reached into his briefcase and removed a plastic CD case.
John wrapped his hand around the man’s length and gave it a firm tug. James groaned and collapsed forward into John.
“I figured out who they were. We came to stop them and well, Moran got the jump on me. John was forced to take the gun away from Moriarty and shoot Moran. It was as simple as that.” Sherlock lied beautifully. John thought he would have been a great actor if he wasn’t a detective.
Sherlock turned away from his brother and casually walked into the sitting room. Mycroft followed his brother, watching as Sherlock slowly circled the room. Mycroft removed his coat and tossed it towards Anthea. The woman, despite appearing to be oblivious to her boss, caught it immediately. She folded the coat over her arm as she walked away.
Sherlock and John fell through the door of 221B laughing. Ever since they had left Violet Holmes’ house, the two men had been giggling and laughing at their success.
Sherlock stared down at John’s hand and the watch.
“If I hear the word ‘boring’ one more time, I’ll make sure you really aren’t bored.” John threatened.
“I’ve found myself attracted to you for quite a while now, John. I wasn’t exactly sure why. You made me feel different than I ever felt before. I wanted things.”
John’s flat was depressing. The main area of the flat was a sitting room/kitchen combo that smelled of old grease. The furniture appeared to be a cheap flat pack style. Fiber board and veneer. The couch was small. Sherlock doubted even John could lay down on it comfortably. John’s computer was set up on the kitchen table as was a small telly. It looked like John watched tv while he ate.
“Sherlock, it’s more than that. He’s the reason . . .” Greg started.
“Believe me when I say, John, that once we start, you will find it difficult to not want to be doing it all the time.” Sherlock said smugly.
John watched as a man leapt from the railing into the water. It took several seconds before the man broke the surface and then tried to swim to the docks.
“Is he a threat?” John asked leaning back into his chair as he took a more defensive posture.
“You’ve only been around the omegas from the brothels.”
“Go away. I’m sick.” Sherlock said.
Moran wondered if that was the reason why James had insisted on the two of them bonding in the first place. James had been a powerful omega but now as a bonded omega he was given legitimacy. Before, he would garner sideway glances and muttered comments. Now as Moran’s bond mate, he could walk into a room and have instantaneous respect. The thought increased Moran’s self-loathing. To know he was only there as window dressing and a visible threat and James actually had no emotional connection with him.
John’s face was still unreadable.
Sherlock glanced down and noticed he was completely naked and flaccid.
“The alphas caused it to be stronger.”
John’s face carried a malevolent smile. He pushed a stunned Sherlock to the side.
The smaller schooner had taken most of the first volley of cannon fire. It had a gaping hole in the side of the ship. Several men on the small vessel were struggling to put out fires and the ship, itself, was listing to port.
“Statistics show that the most secure and strongest bonds occur during heats.”
“I know I’m on your ship and we are presently sailing away from Barbados but other than that, I have no idea where I am?
John looked the general in the eye and said. “As far away from London as I can get.”
John rolled his eyes this time.
“You stole it. Do you steal people too?”
There was a soft ring from Anthea’s blackberry and she glanced at it. “Sir, a CCTV camera just picked up your brother entering a house in Empson Street Industrial Estates.”
“We’re okay . . . We’re going to be alright.” John spoke into Sherlock’s curls as the omega openly wept. John couldn’t console him. He pulled Sherlock closer and into his lap.
“If you like to . . . you did tell . . .”
Sherlock pressed his lips together. He had thought he had warned Joey off from John.
“Something like that.” The shorter man laughed.
“You find me . . . interesting? Isn’t that what someone says when they can’t think of anything nice to say about another person?” John placed his hand flat on Sherlock’s chest and pushed the taller boy back.
John snipped the last suture and stood up straight again. “That should hold.” He took one of the towels Ryan had brought and wiped away the blood. Dipping it into the water then sponging the skin around the wound. “I’ll bandage it and go. Keep it clean and don’t walk too much. If there is any heat or swelling, go to hospital immediately.”
John turned to return to bar when he heard Wilderbrant scream. “VICTOR!”
“Read it.” The man scowled at his secretary.
Sweat was streaming down Stapleton’s face. His wrists were bleeding as he fought to free himself.
“Leaving for Moscow tonight. Get back here now, tiger.”
“No way, not now. You are too close to him. You can’t be trusted.” Greg said firmly.
“He’s a blackmailer? Why hasn’t he been stopped before?” John asked.
“Did we? I wasn’t sure. Besides, I felt this was more in line with my needs.” Charles Agustin Magnussen said calmly.
“It was good, wasn’t it?”
John hesitated for a moment before he answered. His eyes shifting around the room. “Yeah, I joined. I was off being shot at.”
John looked down at the box but didn’t move to take it. “Which grateful nation? I have been listed as a deserter and criminal. A pirate.”
“It may interest you to know, sire, that James has an alliance with the French.” Mycroft said in a conspirator tone.
Moran felt the verbal slap. “No . . . no John. Calm down. I just want to . . . I’m going back to the Sangin. I need a doctor for my command. Have you ever considered going ‘in country’?”
“Are you going to stay?”
“Yes, a friend of mine.” Sherlock said. Then he noticed that the expression on John Watson’s face wasn’t the normal repulsion Sherlock was used to but actual curiosity. “Well, I say friend . . . we weren’t close.”
~221~
“Why are you here?” Mycroft asked. His voice taking on a raspy quality.
“Mike?” Sherlock’s voice was as brittle as glass.
“Sir, you have a ten-thirty meeting with Mister Hodges, the owner of Lancaster Trucking. Also the shipments from Amsterdam and Lisbon have both arrived on time. Finally, you asked me to remind you of your dinner date with Detective Lestarde at twenty-one thirty.”
“There . . . proof for Sherlock of his omega’s infidelity.”
John stood on the deck and watched as the other ship swung around and back into Roseau’s docks. The men in the long boat that had been chasing them were now in the water and their small boat had sunk. The crew of the Morstan laughed and jeered at the other crew. John slapped James on the back and smiled.
~221~
John had not left either. He had stuck around, taking a job as locum tenens for a local clinic. Working part-time so he could run around London with Sherlock on his crazy investigation. They were happy and they were keeping their word to keep Sherlock clean.
“I would hope not. And the alpha?”
“I will make sure the package is delivered to the Black Lotus immediately.” Moran said.
It’s Easy to Say but It’s Never the Same
Sherlock twisted back and looked at Mycroft. “London is a big city, Mycroft. I believe it is in my ability to avoid you just as you have avoided being a brother all these years.”
“Yes there has.” John said as he stepped closer to Sherlock. The dark haired omega stood up and looked at John. “The morning after we . . . you told me to leave because you had a case.”
Sherlock glanced away from his friend. “Because I asked him to not.”
John and Sherlock handle the kiss differently.
The scene was chaotic and violent. Blood and screams splattered across the boards of the ship. The decks became slick. Suddenly, Sherlock recognized Jefferson Hope standing at the rail. He pulled out his pistol and pointed it at the back of John’s head. John was still fighting the other men. He didn’t not know Hope was standing behind him.
John shook his head. “I thought we were supposed to be pirates.”
Sherlock nodded his head. “What do I need to do?”
Lestrade raised his eyebrows questioningly. He wondered when they started being on a first name basis. Although, only his maiden aunt called him Gregory. Aunt Ivy and his adulterous wife when she was angry with him.
Two days later, John was working an afternoon shift in the A & E when there was a crash and shout for doctor. John and two orderlies rushed to the entrance doors where a tall man came in carrying a teenager. The teenager was limp in the tall blonde’s arms. He was thin and looked like he hadn’t bathed in a week.
~^+^~
Sherlock knew that Jocko had beaten Moriarty up as punishment for supplying him drugs, but the hand looked like prolong torture had taken place.
Mike saw John as soon as he walked into the small café near campus. John was sitting a table with a mug of coffee sitting in front of him. Mike went to the counter and looked over the selections. He ordered a turkey sandwich with crisps. Then he eyed the array of small cakes. His girlfriend, Sandy, had been on his case for several weeks now about his weight. He hesitated then decided he needed extra energy if he was going to have to deal with the “John and Sherlock’ drama. He ordered a seed cake to go with his lunch. The woman behind the counter gave Mike his coffee and told him it would be a moment. Mike went and sat down opposite John.
“No, I believe she felt it was her greater intellect and stronger moral character that made her feel superior to you. I find that to be the case between the two of us.” Mycroft said.
“Obviously you do . . . you felt that way ever since we entered a physical relationship. This need to prove you are man even though you are being fucked by another man. As if being a homosexual makes you less. Honestly, you are pathetic John.”
“Sherlock and I bonded during my heat! You can’t break that!” John panted out as he tried to wiggle away from Moran’s assault of his neck.
After the two arrived back in London, Moran was sent to a street just west of Regents Park. A simple plain street of white townhouses with black doors. He was told to wait until the residences of 221 stepped out and photograph them leaving. It was a peculiar request but Moran didn’t really have the ability of complain.
“John, it could happen to anyone of us. It could happen to you.”
John stepped out into the scorching heat of the day and walked across the packed dirt of the compound to a narrow set of steps that led down into a partial buried complex of corrugated steel and prefab walls. Opening the door to the building, led one into a warren of rooms and hallways. Vinyl flooring had been laid down on the dirt floors. And doors to the rooms were often nothing more than blankets or curtains.
“He is a very prominent alpha and would be a good match for you. You would become the omega to an influential businessman. A rich and powerful man.”
Mycroft’s mouth went dry. There was a sharpness in his chest and for a moment he wondered if he was having a heart attack.
“There is a detective who has become a nuisance. I want to teach him a lesson.” Moriarty continued. “I am finalizing my plans, but I’m about to start a game with him. A very dangerous game involving bombs and puzzles. When the game is done, he will either be dead or I will.”
The man tapped his pipe on the pewter dish. The ash fell silently out. He took out his pen knife and carefully scaped the bowl of the pipe then blew through the mouthpiece. He marveled at how quickly he had become addicted to the new import from the American colonies. He would have to establish his own personal supply of this plant called tobacco.
“I thought Sherlock would have been the one to kiss you first instead of the other way around.” Mike said around pieces of bread and turkey.
~221~
“Yes daddy.” John dropped his arms and turned to go back into his tent.
Lestrade stepped up to the group. He sighed as he glanced between the seven men.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You can’t be right. How? Why?” John was confused.
I was Kinda’ Getting Used to Being Someone You Loved
“Secrets about her defense.” Magnussen continued as if he hadn’t heard Mycroft. “Secrets lost by murder.”
“You said you visited him in rehab.” Said John.
“It was a forgone conclusion that we would have to finally confront you.” Sherlock said.
“I just would like to talk to you. There are things I feel we should discuss.” Sherlock didn’t want to plead but he didn’t want John to leave either.
“It was self-defense. Moran was trying to kill both of us.” Sherlock defended John.
“But you didn’t.” James breathed out. He could feel the press of John’s body against his.
“How’s the head?” Sherlock asked.
“I told you I wouldn’t leave you.”
“For now but what afterwards? What would he want to do once he learned he couldn’t find answers in Jamacia? He would want you to take him to England and you would take him – regardless of the danger for you.”
“No, I don’t believe you should. You are an honest man, John. Not someone who would be afraid of the police or discovery.” Sherlock said as he added sugar to his coffee. He slowly took another sip.
It wasn’t a medieval castle built on a craggy finger of land jutting out into a boiling sea, but he still considered it as such. His fortress, his lair. It was the whole floor of a towering office building in the center of London. A glass and steel monolith in the heart of the financial district. The building hadn’t been zoned for flats, but he maintained a luxurious one with views of the river and the Shard. He had wanted a floor in the new Shard but that would have been too ostentatious, as well as drawing far too much attention to himself.
“Bloody hell, it’s not. You can make this go away or you can sit there while I bring it down around your head.” Greg growled.
John glared at Sherlock. “I do not.”
John went on with the rest of his afternoon. He was washing up before dinner when he realized he was humming. He was happy. He hadn’t been happy since he spoke to Mycroft two years before. But he was happy now.
Sherlock threw the blanket down. The searing pain in his chest pulled the air from his lungs. He rushed from the room and across the small house. Out into the bare dirt of the garden. Sherlock grabbed the rusty metal of the gate. He didn’t even feel the broken edge cut through his skin. He gasped for air.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock tipped his head slightly and glared. “If you have looked carefully at the glasses, you would have seen that the one with Mycroft’s fingerprints was used in the last twelve hours. The inside of it is still sticky where the sweet alcohol evaporated. Victor’s glass is dry. He used that glass but not in the last two days. Also the smell of Mycroft’s champagne is off. There is a chemical smell underneath the alcohol. Not rohypnol but something like it. You should be able to find it in Mycroft’s urine if you do the testing quickly.”
“Well, I smell Irene in our home . . . in our bedroom.” John said bitterly.
John sighed and rolled his eyes. “Yes, I know it’s more complicated than that but why are you making it even more complicated. I’ve said yes. Why not start now?”
“Sir, ah – that would be unwise.”
“No, it is not. It is neither kidnapping nor is it illegal. You have proven that you are incapable of taking care of yourself. Therefore I have been place as your guardian. Protector from yourself. You are no longer allowed to make decisions regarding practically any aspect of your life. I will decide where you will live, who will have contact with you and what medical treatments you will receive.” Mycroft said with a deep sincerity.
“Yes, Wiggins was younger than Sherlock and was responsible for some of Sherlock’s more destructive behavior.”
“Oh, I’m sorry but Sherlock is sleeping now. Is there something I could help you with? I’m his . . . roommate.” John wasn’t sure what he was now.
Mycroft grabbed his umbrella and twisted the handle. The wooden crook turned and slipped off the frame of the umbrella. Inside was a small recording device. Mycroft held the two pieces out to Lestrade. Smith looked on as the police officer took the recorder. The small man’s expression fell.
“I didn’t want that . . . I just wanted John.”
“Everything? You’ll tell him we were at a party that got raided by the police for illicit drug sales and then were extorted by a member of the Metropolitan Police department?” Sherlock asked sarcastically.
“None of the three had the same nurses or doctors. They wouldn’t have access to the security system. No, not the medical staff.” Sherlock said.
“AHHH!” She shook her hands in the air. “Either he goes or I go!”
Sherlock was panting wildly as John’s release pooled together with Sherlock’s. John’s fingers dragged through the soft curls of Sherlock’s hair. Slowly Sherlock turned to look up into John’s face.
The omega’s cum painted across John’s chest. Over the valleys and dips of his muscles and across the puckered skin of his scar.
He folded his hands into his lap as he stretched his long legs out in front of himself.
“What’s going on?” He hoped no one noticed the uneasiness in his voice.
Sherlock waited for half an hour till both Moran and John stepped out together. The two blondes paused on the pavement and turned to speak to one another. They were laughing and John had a smile on his face. Sherlock didn’t want to identify the emotion he was feeling but his skin prickled and he suddenly felt warm.
Sherlock’s eyes sprang open. He twisted his head up to see his brother standing in the doorway. Sherlock’s pout turned into deep loathing at seeing the man there.
“Hydrogen sulfide.”
2008 Sangin, Afghanistan
“He was joking, right?” John asked.
“John, she died years ago. You need to move on. There is so much more life in the world. You don’t need to throw what is left of yours away. Mary wouldn’t want that for you.”
So much had happened that day, and John was certain Sherlock was just trying to process all the information. So much of what Sherlock believed about his family and his life had changed with the simple statement that Sherlock had another brother. It had to be completely disorienting for the young man. Sherlock glanced around the kitchen as John went over and turned the coffee machine on. He seemed unsure of himself.
But I’ve Grown Too Strong to Ever Fall Back in Your Arms
“Too many witnesses. My boss doesn’t like witnesses, but don’t worry doc. If you do a good job, he will let you go.”
Sherlock walked around the ornate table as the ship shuddered under his feet. There was groan from within the depths of the vessel but Sherlock didn’t leave. He picked up a necklace that appeared to be studded with emeralds. It had to be priceless. He wasn’t impressed.
He looked at reports from Cardiff, Liverpool, and Dover. Since Moriarty’s death, there had been an ongoing war between different criminal factions. With his death, a vacuum had opened up in the smuggling world and various groups were fighting to fill it. Along with the increase in gang killings and retaliations, there was a decrease in the importation of drugs, contraband, and human smuggling into the UK. It was not what Mycroft was expecting but it was still good news.
“Fuck off,” John huffed and walked off, not looking at the crushed expression on Wilderbrant’s face.
“Oh . . . oh! Sorry. No. I mean, I don’t think it would be the same . . . I mean two blokes who are friends. I’m going out on a date with a girl . . . A woman, I mean.” John stumbled over his words.
Greg brought his hand up and gently, barely touching Mycroft’s skin, dragged his fingers down the man’s cheek. He was rewarded with seeing Mycroft’s pupils dilate. Mycroft’s breathing sped up and Greg didn’t even need to check to know that the other man’s heart rate was spiking.
“You’ve seen other young men die.” Sherlock countered as he took a subtle step back. He didn’t want to acknowledge the stab in his chest when John confirmed he was not the reason John had killed the man.
Sherlock nuzzled the hard pillow again.
Sherlock looked down at his bruised wrist.
John sat down heavily in a chair by the kitchen table. He rested his head in hands. “I just hate him so much. I hate him because he is a bully and for believing he has the right to do things like that. But mostly I hate him because of what he did to you. I hate remembering how scared and hurt you were. I don’t ever want to see you like that again, Sherlock.”
Sherlock picked up the photo that was at the very bottom of the file. It was a grain picture of a man leaving Victor’s building. Somewhere in the back of his mind he remember this photograph. The man was wearing a ballcap and the funny yellow glasses. Sherlock remembered John had said something about those glasses.
“There is someone I wish you to meet.” Mycroft said as he directed Sherlock across the room.
“I’m sure he did but I will not have my first evening back in my home ruined by the vacuous likes of Sir Henry Knight.”
“You need to remember, Sherlock, I was a soldier . . . I killed people . . .”
John’s hand cupped Sherlock’s cheek as he leaned over the man to whisper in his ear. Mycroft was sitting quietly in the corner and John didn’t want the man to hear him threaten his brother.
The smile returned. “This time.”
“Sherlock, don’t.” John was gasping. His back was bloody from the few strikes. The metal tangs ripped his skin open.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Not at all. I wanted you to learn to enjoy the taste but not to become a gluten. I’m afraid I didn’t understand how weak you really were. That is why after Victor was dead and you decided to go on your little binge, I didn’t pick you up right away. Also your brother was becoming a bother. He still is one but after all this time I’ve learned he is only a gnat, so you and I can finally play our own game.”
Mycroft’s eye grew wide as he leaned back, shocked.
Mycroft instantly saw the confusion on Sherlock’s face. He preened. “Didn’t you know? Didn’t your precious doctor tell you? Have you let your emotional attachment blind you again?” Mycroft glanced around the room. “He didn’t sleep in his usual spot last night. Maybe he found an accommodating companion for the evening. A female companion.”
“You broke in here?” Was the only thing that Greg could think to say.
2017       Three hours after Moran left John’s flat, Sherlock was knocking on the door. Sherlock would have been there sooner, but it had taken John two hours and forty minutes to build up the nerve to call the man. Sherlock rushed over as soon as John called. He came alone, leaving Ryan and Jerry back at his flat.
Greg moaned and shifted. He slid off the seat and knelt on the floor in front of Mycroft. His hands pushed the man’s knees further apart and he moved up between them. Greg smiled as he reached for Mycroft’s belt and quickly undid the buckle. He was pulling on the button of Mycroft’s trousers when the mobile buzzed in Mycroft’s pocket. Mycroft groaned as he rolled his eyes and reached for the device in his coat pocket.
John hopped off the transport helicopter. His heavy military boots landed hard on the tarmac. John ducked his head and followed the other soldiers into a glaring white building just off the edge of the runway. Inside, the blast of air-conditioning immediately cooled his sweaty skin and made John shiver. He removed his helmet and glanced around. Desks, computers and phones. It appeared to be a normal looking office space. It would be familiar in any London office building except for everyone dressed in desert fatigues.
“These are CCTV photographs of a man entering and leaving building where Victor Trevor was shot. You will notice the time stamp on the bottom of the photo. They were taken within the time frame of when the forensic pathologist had place Victor’s death. You also notice that the man in the photo does not resemble John Watson or Sherlock Holmes in any matter whatsoever.”
“Hello John,” she said with a lilt to her voice.
“John?” James Sholto was standing on the mid-deck and John marched out of his cabin. “What’s the orders?”
“Yes. I didn’t hear a report so he was using a suppressor. Not a sniper’s rifle. He was close. Maybe a roof top. Maybe a window. Within fifty meters.” John did look at Sherlock. He was busy checking for threats.
Moriarty stared at the video showing an unconscious Mycroft Holmes being carried out of his house on a gurney. Mycroft was placed inside an ambulance and doors were closed. An image of Victor Trevor and Violet Holmes came up on the screen, blocking the view of the ambulance driving away.
“Do you know any reason why Sholto would be in London?”
“I’m rotating back to England in five weeks, then I’ll have two months off before I’m promoted.”
“Victor is dead.” Sherlock said wishing he were more coherent than he was.
“But . . .” John started. Sherlock interrupted him.
“Mujahideen.” John nodded and gave a small wave as he grabbed his bleeding leg with the other.
“He won’t. No one is going to tell him. Besides, I’m sure after he is propositioned for the tenth time he’ll quit.” Frankie smiled.
Sherlock closed his eyes and fought the tears back. The lump in his throat felt like it was suffocating him. He struggled then looked at John. The alpha could see the shine in the omega’s eyes. The intensity of the younger man’s stare.
Sherlock ignored him.
Moran screamed like a wounded animal and backed further away from John. The smaller man rolled up onto his feet and looked up like a wild creature ready to attack. Moran stepped back further forcing himself to put distance between himself and John.
“Not really as long as you pay us.” John smiled.
“Problem?” John asked from the couch.
Sherlock glanced at the bottle that was on the table. It was an average red wine. Probably the best John could afford to buy on his meager income. In a few months, John would be graduating then be off for his residency. They had made plans. There were milestones they were supposed to share together. But that was before Sherlock saw the photo.
“There you are.” His voice carried a soft Irish accent. Barely there but still memorable.
Mycroft tapped his finger on the article. Of course he knew the name of the club. It was where Lieutenant Major James Sholto had been murdered. It was also where John had worked when Victor Trevor was killed. And it was where Moriarty kidnapped Sherlock from. It seemed the club was constantly coming up in whole affair regarding Moriarty.
“And what about you?” Jim grumbled deeply.
James looked away and started to pace some more. “I should have been there with you.”
“Like I said,” Wright smiled. He knew this would look good in his record.
Suddenly, Moran’s heart leaped into his throat. He squeezed the stoke of the sniper’s rifle. His trigger finger rested on the edge of the metal frame.
Victor turned and marched over to Mycroft. “He’s a child. He makes stupid decisions. You’ve said so yourself.”
“It’s nothing.” Sherlock pulled his hand back from John’s. He twisted and turned away from the two men.
The knock on the door pulled Sherlock from his mind palace. He blinked as the door opened and Magnussen stood in the open doorway.
John and Sherlock try to get help.
“Never,
Magnussen knew he never wanted to be indebted to Moriarty. He could see how ruthless the man could be. If he proceeded with this relationship with the man, Magnussen needed to turn the tables and make it Moriarty who owed him the favor, and not the other way around.
He went into the wardroom and noticed the light coming from under the door leading to his cabin. Annoyed someone was in his quarters without permission, John marched into the room. The lamp hanging over his desk was lit. It swung gentle in the easy seas. Laying on the bench built under the window was Sherlock. His long skinny frame fitting on the narrow seat. The man’s fingertips touching the companion on the opposite hand and poised under his chin. Sherlock’s eyes were closed, but John didn’t think he was asleep.
“I’ve never . . . oh that feels wonderful. I’ve never been with a man before.”
“General Litkin was responsible for a raid on the city of Atyrau in Kazakhstan. He crossed international borders without permission to hunt down rebels. He let the terrorist slip though his fingers but murdered twenty-eight member of the Kazakhstan militaria. The Russians have been trying to keep the raid and the killings a secret from the general public, but I have my sources. He has been running from both the Kazakhstan military as well as the Vooruzhonnije Síly Rossíyskoj Federátsii.”
“How soon?” Sherlock dreaded the answer. His stomach twisted.
Frankie nodded his head. He didn't need Sherlock angry at him either.
Sherlock slowed his steps as he pulled out a pair of latex gloves from his pocket. He paused at the door and glanced around the foyer of the suite. He looked to his right and at the suite’s kitchen. The tech in the small room was bagging up dishes and an empty champagne bottle.
“It’s Bill,” James’ voice dropped lower.
“The way you and your brother act could have fooled me.” John took the coffee cup away from Sherlock and turned away from the man. John went and placed the two cups in the sink, then turned around and leaned against the counter.
“It was needed.” John said as he smiled out at the men. “We needed it. Just a few hours of being . . . not soldiers.”
“Sherlock is not like other omegas. Honestly, he’s not like anyone else I know. He doesn’t understand . . . normal relationships. Alpha-omega relationships.”
“I was wondering why James Moriarty would bear such a great hatred for a minor member of the government. I wondered what Mycroft Holmes could have done to warrant such attention from you.” Magnussen removed his glasses and used his handkerchief to wipe them clean. Carefully he slipped them back on and adjusted them. “It was so long ago, but it must be still so painful. Rejection.”
John took a step forward and kissed the corner of Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock reached up to take hold of John, but the shorter man stepped away.
“So who is the man in the photo?”
The body was in one of the warehouses down by the docks. The body had begun to rot in the warm weather. The smell was almost a physical barrier. An invisible wall preventing the men from approaching. Flies were black on the body and the room hummed with them.
Lestrade nodded his head and frowned. “Mister Trevor won’t be picking Sherlock up tonight.”
You Lost the Love I Loved the Most
“No!” Shouted Sherlock as John barked, “You bastard!”
“That could be arranged.” Mycroft relented
“You need to help us find the actual killer so that idiot, Dimmit, will leave John alone.” Sherlock said.
“Jail, good. Keep him there.” John snapped. Lestrade stared at John.
John unlocked the front doors and walked out. He was shaking. The drop of adrenaline in his blood left him weak and disoriented. The whole conversation with Frankie seemed confusing.
“An abusive situation is an abusive situation regardless how long you know about it. You need to help and stop it. Not worry about embarrassing yourself. Stand up and say something.”
“Did you bring it?”
John was happy. He was finally happy. And it felt wonderful. Then the letter came.
“What?”
“Well, no. How about I brought you home after you were mugged. That would explain the injuries and why Dimmock was here.”
“Don’t – don’t call me that. Not now – unless you don’t want this. You don’t want to know exactly how I feel and what I want from you.”
“No.”
“I wasn’t involved in that! That is something I would never do!” John growled. “I have never laid eyes on Trevor.”
“Your sister’s?” Sherlock asked.
“Yes, but unfortunately he won’t be joining us will he?” Jim finally turned and looked at the other two men. His face was placid but his eyes were burning with hatred. “As I said. You forgot to mention that your darling little soldier was also a murderer.”
“It wasn’t what you think.” John said lowly.
“Seb will make sure you do not.”
“So what happened?” John asked still not hearing any reason why James Moriarty would have set out to destroy the ‘Iceman’ in front of him.
Sherlock recognized the address of the murder immediately. He waved a cab down and gave the driver the address. He sat in the back of cab as it drove to the dance club thinking about what he had just said to John.
Just over a month later after the bonding, John came into the kitchen to fix breakfast. Sherlock sat at his microscope and looked at the spore formation of Aspergillus. The alpha’s eyes flipped up from the scope to watch John start to make coffee.
“What?” John looked up.
Sherlock and John watched him go.
“As long as you are with me, then I will put up with Mycroft’s meddling. As long as you stand beside me.” John and Sherlock stared at each other then back to Frankie. “Do you promise to leave? To disappear?”
“The defense analyst . . . how did he die?” Sherlock asked.
Humphrey sighed and nodded his head. “Don’t worry, kid. We’ll take of y’all.”
The two men rushed to their feet then turned to run off. Moran should have given chase but he was more frightened for John. He rushed forward and called out through the canvas door.
John and Sherlock get interrupted.
“And who are you?” Greg asked.
“Store the supplies from the Scotland. McMath, you’ve got fresh powder. You and monkeys need to get down to the magazine. Cullen check with Stamford and find out whose been injured in the fight.” John held up the necklace. “First round is on Mister Holmes when we make Port Royal.”
~^+^~
“Yeah, that was pretty obvious. I’ll have a pint, you can have a lemonade. Besides, you never could keep up with me.” Moran wrapped his arm around John’s shoulders and pulled the man towards the pub.
“It’s not that bad.” Greg lied.
Sherlock turned and looked at his brother. “You said, Moran and Moriarty bonded eleven months ago.”
John felt a stab in his heart. “I wanted to come back. I told him I was coming back.”
“He has Watson. John isn’t answering his mobile.” Moran finally said forcing himself to sound indifferent.
“I want you to decline your residency with the army.” Sherlock said in as neutral voice as he could manage.
The British officer he had been fighting fell back and grabbed the railing. He panted as he tried to catch his breath.
Moriarty’s vision cleared of his anger and he looked down at the body of the old woman. She hung loosely in his grip. He let go and she slumped down in the chair.
Jim broke out laughing. He stood up and walked around his desk.
The door opened and Mycroft’s assistant, Anthea walked in followed by Sherlock. Mycroft removed his hand from the gun discreetly and returned his attention to the file on the desk.
Mike Stamford, a roundish man with thinning brown hair, knelt down beside Sherlock. He looked at the man’s wrists and ankles. The bleeding was slight but the skin had been rubbed raw.
Sherlock studied John for a few more seconds. The soldier’s lips thinned and his eyes hardened.
Greg leaned back at the comment. He still had hold of John’s hand as he asked. “What happened?”
James gave a weak smile, “We’re always soldiers.”
John blinked. I.C.E.
“I’ve seen the way you look at him too. Like he was something precious. Made out of solid gold.”
“If you don’t send him away and we can’t identify the threat, there is a very good chance that John will be injured. Would it make you feel better to keep him close with the possibility of his death?”
“If you like.” John felt warm. His hand reached out and started to lightly rub along Sherlock’s shin and calf.
“Thanks,” John muttered as Wilderbrant caught the stained and smelling shirt of John’s uniform.
Lestrade felt his stomach twist when he realized he had completely misread the situation. That was humbling for the police officer. He prided himself on reading people, but apparently Mycroft Holmes was a new challenge to conquer.
Sherlock blinked his eyes several times as confusion blurred his vision.
Irene explained that she had acquired an email for a MOD official. He showed the fragmented email to Sherlock. She thought it was a code. Sherlock sat down across from John and studied the email.
Sherlock threw his arms around his mate. Together they pull each other tight to one another. Chest to hip to knees, they touched.
“No buts, just honesty from now on. From both of us.”
Mention of drug use in the beginning of this chapter.
He opened the door to his flat with a bang. The door slamming into the wall. It rattled a framed picture hanging on the wall. John’s anger was still burning brightly as he marched in and tripped over a suitcase in the middle of front room. His sister’s suitcase.
. He finally realized there was an IV attached to his arm. He looked around the room again. It was larger than the standard hospital room. The furniture was nicer. The bed, obviously a hospital bed with rails and adjustments, was slightly wider than the standard bed and far more comfortable.
Mycroft laid still in his bed. He waited until he heard the click of the door closing behind his brother and John Watson before he took a deep breath. He felt the sting behind his closed eyelids. He swallowed the lump that was choking him in his throat. He hated doing this. He hated making his little brother doubt him.
Blackwood came running across the decks.
Sherlock twisted his body to protect the evidence bags. He lifted the bag to his nose and smelled. He placed his glove finger inside the bag and touched the inside of the glass.
Sherlock just stared blankly at him. John waited for two minutes for Sherlock to say something else but the silence just dragged on.
“My orders come from the Admiralty but I believe your brother might have been involved.”
“Lord Holmes, please  . . . I don’t understand . . . I haven’t done anything!” Stapleton stammered.
“John, you should have killed Roylott.”
“You will be perfect. I see us bonding in two weeks-time. No reason to wait.”
Mycroft looked at the two men then nodded his head. “We are not done, Sherlock. I will be in contact. Do you wish me to make arrangements for your belongs to be retrieved from Trevor’s flat?”
“I assure you, John. I’m not an addicted just a user.”
“Then there is no reason why I should not be allowed to return to England with you.” Sherlock sneered.
John gasped and closed his eyes as he was breeched. He lifted his legs and hooked his heels together at the small of Sherlock’s back. He relaxed his body more and let his love push further into him.
“He was ship’s surgeon in his majesty’s navy. He was on the Maywand when it sunk off the coast of the Azores. Attacked by the Dutch about four years ago. He saved another officer and five crew men. Dragged them to the only lifeboat. Rowed it to safety all by himself. Everyone else on the Maywand died.”
Sherlock was still on the floor trying to reach for the gun. John rushed over and pulled the man up to his feet.
The coins rattled inside the bag. The bag tore when it hit the deck. The coins scattered across the wooden planks. The men stared at the money. John spat at it.
Moran totally forgot about his head wound. He yanked his arm away from the man and rushed to the Humvee. He had to get to John. He had to get to his omega.
“Anything, my love.”
“That will never . . .”
“Someone told the police I shot him. You were here when James was killed. You know it wasn’t me. Who shot my friend? Who lied to the police and said I did?!”
Sherlock shook his head. John noticed a slight blush to Sherlock’s cheeks. “No, thank you. You will want to bathe in private. I’ll leave. But we will need to talk when you’re done – please, John.”
“James . . . how did you find us?” Moran said tightening his hold on John.
“What do you mean he was crooked?” Lestrade asked as his attention returned to John.
“With pleasure.”
“Yes, they are my men.” Jim said as he examined the books on Mycroft’s shelves. “And before you ask . . . our darling Anthea has been working for me the whole time.”
John looked confused up into the man’s face. John’s eyes enlarged as he stared up at the man. The colonel had never touched John like that before. It was such a comforting and intimate gesture by the man.
Sherlock stood up and grabbed his dressing gown. He threw it on and pulled the belt so tight, he almost rubbed his hands raw.
“Yes, nice to meet a friend of Sherlock’s.”
John wanted to scream. “He wants to protect me, you want to protect me. What is wrong with you two? Why do you believe I can’t take care of myself!? I don’t want either one of you!” John turned and stepped away from the two men. He leaned against the kitchen table, crossing his arms defiantly over his chest.
“The new guards.” Mycroft leaned back into his chair.
“I need to show you this.” Sherlock said hold out the piece of paper.
“Well, since this in not Egypt and this is the twenty-first century, no,” John said as he carefully stood up, making sure he was twisted so that his morning erection was not visible to Sherlock.
Sherlock smiled as he stepped closer to the doctor. “John, you must know how attractive I find you. If we start now. If I kiss you now . . . taste you . . . run my hands across your naked body . . .” Sherlock crowded John back against the wall. The omega’s eyes transfixed on the tall alpha. “If I give in to my baser instincts, then . . . I won’t be able to wait. Our bonding might be put into jeopardy. Please, give me the week to prepare.” The dark haired detective was pressing up against John’s side. Pinning him to the wall. John could feel the heat coming off the man and his scent was becoming stronger.
“Tourist . . . just arrived . . . couldn’t be our man.” John said.
John leaned back. “We sail after the Appledore. If we catch her, we rescue Sherlock. Then we will return to the West Indies. I will let you off at the first port we come to. And then I never want to see you again.”
“Yeah, that works . . .” John exhaled. This body responding to the sensation of Sherlock’s long dexterous fingers alternating as they added pressure to their gentle grasp.
“Over there,” one of the soldiers in the backseat pointed at a distant field that looked like it had snow on it. “Poppies.”
“No, he brought a kid into A&E. The kid was injured. It was just by accident that we met.”
“Now Violet, you know that is not true.” He said as he picked up a silver framed photo of the family.
“Here this is my mobile. Give me a call one night after you get off work. We’ll catch a match or something.”
~221~
“I won’t allow it.” He mumbled through split lips. He winced as he lifted his free hand to touch the torn skin.
He stepped into the lift and turned around to see Greg and two PC’s follow him in. The door closed and the four men rode down to the ground floor in silence. Just as the doors opened, Greg grabbed John by the elbow and led him away from the two police officers.
“Well, I’m sure you are making amends now to repay him.” Mycroft brushed a piece of invisible lint from his trouser’ leg.
The omega climbed out from under his bed, dusting off his dark suit jacket. He frowned as he combed his fingers through this hair, dislodging a dust bunny. He hated he had made the agreement with Mycroft regarding a flat-mate, but he didn’t have a choice. He knew Trevor was to be bonded in four months, but many things could happen in four months. He might even be able to prove to everyone that he could live on his own without an alpha.
“John . . .”
“John! The gun!”
“No, Sherlock. Don’t go.” John tried to lift himself up.
Instinct told John to follow the stranger. He watched the dark haired man turn down the street. John twisted away from the idiot officer and walked quickly down the alley. John was going to cut him off.
John walked up the steps of the porch and knocked on the door. An attractive woman in a simple black broadcloth dress answered the door.
“No, thanks boss. I’ll get my own.” Moran said as a wave of nausea passed over him.
John forced himself to look away. He needed to control his instincts. He hadn’t wanted to bond with any omega but he wanted Sherlock. That had to be something they decided on together. They would need to talk about such things. But John realized this was not the time for that. It was a discussion for later when his head was clearer. Not now.
2017       John didn’t like the plan. Too many things could go wrong. Least of all, Sherlock could get killed. It was a stupid plan and he couldn’t believe he had agreed to go along with it.
“So?”
“I’ve been trying to carry on a conversation with you for five minutes,” Mycroft said indigently.
Mycroft looked Sherlock over carefully. The light that once shown behind the silver-blue eyes was gone. It was replaced with a deadness that was disturbing. But if this would give an impulse for Sherlock to start trying again then it could be the first step back to humanity.
“Will you give me time to consider?”
John chastised himself for throwing Greg Lestrade’s phone number away. After another hour of trying to figure some other way around it, John called the information line for Scotland Yard and asked if he could leave a message for Detective Inspector Lestrade. The pleasant-sounding woman said she would forward John’s call to Greg’s voice mail. John stumbled over the explanation as to what happened to Greg’s note and would he please call John back. Half an hour later, John was texted an address.
He hated the patrols that kept John and squad out overnight. He never slept those nights. He laid in his bunk and wondered where John was and what he was doing. It came to him slowly after two weeks. He wanted John Watson.
“John, what happened?” Sherlock asked grabbing John’s shoulders trying to get the drunk man’s attention.
“No, John.” Sherlock reached out to grab John’s arm but halted when John seemed repelled by the man’s hand. Sherlock pulled his hand back. “I’m asking you to remain here until we have the situation under control.”
John stepped closer dancing next to Sherlock. “I like hands, though.” He grabbed hold of Sherlock’s waist and tried to dance with the angry man.
“Oh, now it is Sherlock. When you use my first name, I know you are trying to manipulate me.”
McMath served as a gunner’s mate. He had been one on the Maywand. During the battle with the Dutch ship off the Azores, McMath had been on the gun deck, manning his cannon. An exploding cannon ball punched a hole in the side of the deck. Foot long wood splinters and shrapnel cut through the men on the deck. McMath had been badly injured.
The omega’s face was lined with worry and he could see the dark smear under each eye. John wasn’t getting enough rest. Something had been bothering the young omega. Moran thought he knew what it was. He growled silently at Holmes. But the more John talked the more the omega relaxed and eased back into the man Moran had known in Afghanistan. He wanted to keep John just like this. Just like what he was.
“Come to the bedroom with me,” Sherlock ghost over John’s skin.
“Are you suggesting that my mother was a proxy?” Sherlock asked.
“I know, but Mycroft believes he is trying to make up for not being there before. He is trying to keep everything and everyone away from Sherlock that might possibly cause him to relapse,” said Greg.
“It was fine when he was just slapping you around. I knew when the time was right, I would swoop in and rescue you from your abuser and you would be so grateful to me. You would fall at my feet and worship me . . .”
The bar may have changed names, but the owner was the same. Frankie Oskar sat at table in the back of the bar. It was on a raised dais so Frankie could look out over the swaying drunk patrons. Frankie was not watching the crowds but speaking to another man. Sherlock moved through the crowd and towards Frankie’s table.
“You criticizes me for not thinking.”
“I can’t tell you how much I missed you all. I was really out of it until after they got me to Dempsey Barracks. I was heavily sedated for two weeks. When I woke up and they told me . . . they told me I was going to be discharged . . .” John bowed his head. “I’m sorry. I should have notified you. Let you know I was being cut loose.”
“NO, JOHN. I’VE GOT TO GO AND FIND OUT WHO DID THIS! WHAT HAPPENED?!”
“He’s not under arrest.” Dimmit repeated.
John felt the hand rest lightly on his good shoulder. Seb pulled gently to turn John around to face him. The two men looked at each other for a moment then slowly Seb lowered his face to meet John’s. He brushed his lips over John’s mouth, tasting the coffee from the shop. John sighed and opened his mouth. Seb’s tongue pushed forward and caressed John’s. Firmly and direct. No hesitation or remorse.
“Of course I was high. I injected myself with a 7% solution of morphine laced with PCP.” Sherlock started pacing again.
“I know the omega you’ve been pinning for all these months . . . the omega you gave up the army for . . . the only one you ever cared for is presently shacking up with Sherlock Holmes.” James pushed himself off the wall and stepped closer to the fuming alpha. “What is it about the boring ones that attracts all the alphas . . . if I bleached my hair blonde and wore a simpering stupid expression, would you fall at my feet too?”
The major gave a half-hearted salute back. He took John’s papers and quickly read through them.
“John? Over here, John!”
“I’ve faced down the Taliban. I think I can handle your mum.” John smiled.
“I brought you here of course. The Backdoor is not your normal club, John. Were you experimenting?” Sherlock handed the young man the pills and the water. John took them glancing at them instead of looking Sherlock in the face.
“Are you sure?”
~^+^~
“But we had plans. He was going to be there when I got back!”
“Well, it’s very important to me. My father left it to me.”
“I want to speak to him alone.” Lestrade nodded towards Sherlock.
Sherlock raised his hand to his mouth. His fingers lightly dragged over his abused lip. “Here.”
John smiled. “More now than ever before, thanks to Sherlock.”
“Another?”
“So what do we do?” John asked.
“Yes, doctor.” Sherlock said.
Eddy was sprawled across the woman’s lap.
Moriarty surprised by what happened stepped forward.
Sherlock paused and looked around the room. It was freshly painted and smelled of the latex paint. There were large windows that let in sunlight on two sides of the room. The sink was under the window that looked out into the neglected garden. An older model fridge hummed in the corner of the room and the hob was small and look worn.
Sherlock glanced at the bottle and set it back down on the table. He turned and walked back into the living room. He removed his black coat and sat down in the chair he claimed as his own. John realized Sherlock had walked out of the room without saying anything.
John and James glanced at each other. Then John turned back to Sherlock.
“No, I don’t think it will be here. Maybe Iraq or maybe some place safer. Germany, maybe even England.”
“They’ve got their place.” Lestrade shrugged. “Good day, Doctor Watson.”
John stood up. Sherlock didn’t move as John stepped closer and pecked a kiss lightly on the corner of Sherlock’s mouth. Then John gave Sherlock a playful slap on his butt cheek.
John glanced at the half moon scar on Sherlock’s abdomen, then he noticed Sherlock’s arms. The tiny pale scars of injections were noticeable in the warm skin of his elbow.
“Hey Watson, do you ever just sit and talk with your patients?”
“You need to stop,” John groaned. He hated having to say that.
“No, John. I’m the one who needs to apologize. I should trust you. I know you would never . . . please forgive me.”
John set the chart down and stepped closer to Sherlock. He pulled out a pin light and leaned in close to check Sherlock’s eyes. John could smell Sherlock’s scent. Lemongrass and cigarettes. Damp earth and London. And something that was distinctively Sherlock. It made John’s mouth water and he struggled to stay focused.
“You wouldn’t do that. You need me.”
“I’m sorry. It was a dream.” John wiped the sweat from his face.
~^+^~
John wanted to argue he knew Sherlock was an omega. His own body was reacting to the fact that Sherlock was an omega. More than anything he wanted to wrest the young man back to the bed and take him. But that was not what needed to happen. He needed to keep his head right now and not give in to his baser instincts.
“John, you shouldn’t have come after me. You should have stayed in the west and been safe. Please John, don’t . . .” Sherlock choked on the words. He blinked away the burning in his eyes. “Don’t leave me. If you try, I’ll follow after you.”
“Okay. Take off your coat and jacket.” John turned away and pulled the curtain back. “Nurse, I need some assistance.” John called out to one the staff. A dark-skinned man came into the room. He was tall and thin.
How had it all gone so wrong? What had he missed? He had always been afraid that Sherlock would bore of him. That he would be unable to hold his alpha’s attention. The further in the pregnancy John got the less time Sherlock would spend with him. The detective would go off on his own, leaving the pregnant omega alone in the flat. He quit taking John to cases with him. Sherlock rarely came to bed with John any longer. John woke up too many times to cold sheets and an empty flat.
John realized that tonight was the first night he was supposed to accompany Sherlock to the morgue.
He sped up the strokes he was giving James. James felt his muscles tighten as the fire spilled into his veins. He bit down on John’s shoulder to stop himself from shouting. As he came his stokes on John became disorganized and his grip increased. He squeezed John then gave a violent tug. John was coming too. He was panting heavily was he watch his and James’ release spray out between the two of them.
Greg turned and went back inside the building. Sherlock glanced around to see if he was being watched, then he walked over to John.
John looked up concerned. Bill Murry had been with them in Afghanistan. He had saved John’s life after he was shot. Dragging the young captain to safety and stopping the bleeding until John could be moved to the combat hospital. Bill hadn’t joined James and John in their criminal activities but he had remained friends with the two men.
There were shouts and screams. Some called out for ‘
Sherlock thought for a moment then nodded his head.
“Why are you bring that?” Sherlock asked.
“You can leave too.”
“Keep up with you? I did just find. And after little sprout is born, I’ll show you again.” John laughed. It was a wonderful laugh and Moran was feeling lighter and lighter just listening to it.
“Yeess, sir! Yeess, yes!” The man stumbled then ran out of the office. He passed Moran’s men coming in with plastic sheeting and a large bin.
The sunrise bled into the navy blue of the night sky. Blending the colors from indigo into violet into the deep reds as the sun crested the horizon. The wind coming off the sea pulled the smoke away from the fire. The plumes of black smoke disappeared into the retreating night sky.
“Sherlock has decided to leave. As per usual he became bored and didn’t wait for you. Don’t worry, I’ve dealt with your . . . sister and the landlord.” Mycroft’s disgust was apparent in his voice. “I retrieved your belongs from her and they are being placed into storage.”
Sherlock tipped back further away from John. The alpha felt a sudden warmth as the strange omega seemed to submit to him.
“Because you didn’t listen to me.” Mycroft’s voice cut through Sherlock’s depression.
McMath glanced over and saw the British naval ship approaching. To took off running yelling at his crew to open the ports and load the cannons. John knew McMath wouldn’t be able to get there in time. His only choice was to hope the Lone Star would help. Once again he turned the wheel to aim the Morstan directly at the Scotland.
“We’re sailing towards Roseau on the Isle of Dominica for supplies. Like more drinking water.” Hope waved his hand and the other man grabbed the bucket away. Sherlock was panting having drank so much water.
John knelt down beside her. “Come on, Harry. Let’s get you to bed.”
“Well, he won’t be able to avoid them for much longer. They are on the lookout for him now.”
“Stop your suppressants. Prepare. Buy supplies. Do not leave the flat for three days before or three days after your heat. And from now on, please do not let any other alpha ever touch you. Even brush up against you.”
“Wouldn’t he? Two things I bring to your attention. First, after denying any emotion for the good doctor for seven years, you chose today to wear that shirt. It is one of John’s old shirts, is it not?” Sherlock refused to answer his brother. Mycroft continued, “Second, John lied for you. Lied to the police and gave you an alibi. How often does a man you say hates you, jeopardize his own freedom to protect you?”
The office was plain and unremarkable. Government issued furniture. Neutral colored walls. Three separate framed commendations. Photograph of a woman and two children, who looked remarkably like Greg, on the desk. John sat down with the detective inspector sitting across from him. Greg’s desk between them made the visit more formal than friendly.
He heard the door open and said. “Bring the water over here, Zeb. And the tea on the table.”
Suddenly the ship tipped to the right as the roar of the cannons filled the night.
Mycroft stood as emotion suddenly over took him.
This was not the time for guilt. It was a moment to be relieved they were alive.
“What about Bill Murray?” Greg asked.
Sir Henry caught the shift in Mycroft’s demeanor. He smiled knowingly. “Of course. Well, maybe some other time. I will be in London for the rest of week. Good luck tonight with the charity.”
Now the Day Bleeds into Nightfall
“John, I love you!” James pleaded.
“Then it could be anything.”
“What?” John blinked his eyes and licked his lips. Stunned by the comment, John still held the young man in his arms.
“Terminated? Interesting choice of words.” Mycroft mused, ignoring the overt threats from John.
“In two weeks. He wanted a short engagement.” Sherlock said quietly.
John closed his eyes and steeled himself. “Yes. He was who Victor and I were fighting over last night.”
The lights were off at the Enclave. The street was dark in front of the club. Sherlock went up to the door and pounded on it. He waited several seconds then pounded again. He knew Frankie would be there. Frankie was always there.
He had just left his morning lectures when Dimmit and a constable had walked up to him.
“Dimmock, what are you doing here?” Sherlock growled. Sherlock maneuvered himself so he was standing in front of John, blocking Dimmock from seeing the younger boy.
John leaned over the man and kissed him deeply. He laid down beside Sherlock then gently guided Sherlock onto his side. Pulling the man to spoon against his chest. Sherlock arched his back and presented himself. John growled in appreciation of the omega. He wrapped his arm around Sherlock shoulder and pulled the man back. John rubbed his heavy cock against Sherlock’s backside and guided it to his entrance.
“Moran implied you worked for Moriarty.”
The week passed quickly. John spent most of his time filling out paperwork at the recruitment office. He went through a second physical and an additional interview to insure he knew what he was getting into. John was excited. It was going to be an adventure to him. He was looking forward to basic training almost as much as starting his clinical rotations in surgery.
“She’s handled several high-profile cases with repeated success.”
“No, but it is a good way to cool off and reward yourself after doing a good job.” John said.
They finished their jog near the officer’s quarters, where John would wave goodbye and go in to shower. This time as they approached the double door, Moran slowed down and grabbed John’s upper arm. John stopped and looked up at the colonel.
“But what about Sholto? Why would Jim murder Sholto?” he said out loud.
“The third spotter is the bum in the alley behind the carpark. The one sleeping between the bins.” James said. The other soldiers nodded their heads and hummed in agreement.
“SHERLOCK!” he shouted from the landing. The flat was silent.
Elizabeth smiled. “I’m sure my doctors will agree to that. But I will be discharged in a day or two. Don’t you want to wait?”
“Where is he?” The grey haired man asked, sounding more like an order than a request.
He pulled the flowers from the vase and dropped them on the floor. Then he poured the water out on top of them.
It was chase and slight. A breath of barely not even being there. And it was perfect. They slipped back and looked into each other’s eyes again.
“John is his own man. He has made his own decisions. I have accepted he doesn’t want to see me. But I will still have my independence. I will be free of you.”
“Obviously.” Sherlock said.
“Who do you care about the most?”
“Well, probably not but I’m sure you can use that ‘Watson’ charm to get one of them to talk to you.” Sholto’s laughter seemed forced.
“Why not?” Sherlock asked.
“Okay, mate.” The driver pulled away from the kerb and out into traffic.
“No . . . no reason to leave.” Sherlock said quickly. “This won’t take long.”
“I was afraid I would see you tonight Wiggins.” His voice was as oily as his hair. “I didn’t warn Quigby about you.”
“But the door!”
Or at least that is what King James II said to his counselors. “The man is a traitor to the crown and the country. I want him dead!”
“Who . . . where is Jim?”
John held out his hand and Sherlock took it. Sherlock could feel the callous on the man’s smaller hands but also the remarkable strength. John easily pulled Sherlock to his feet. Sherlock towered over John by six inches but John gave no impression of fear or anxiety. He was not intimidated by Sherlock. Sherlock also noticed the men around them respected the small captain.
“He was going out with his buddy and they got separated. Jimmy was going back for an umbrella and his friend never saw him again. He was found dead at a sport’s arena. Somewhere where he shouldn’t have been. The coppers are calling it suicide but Bill said that’s impossible.” James finished his story and took another sip of coffee. He lifted his cup requesting a refill.
“The sensation one feels as you watch the life leave their eyes. It is quite remarkable. Almost . . . dare I say . . . spiritual?”
After the phone call John threw himself into his training. The army was all he had. He had nothing to return to. His family was non-existent. His parents were dead. Harry had disappeared somewhere in Birmingham but had no intentions of being a sister to him. And Sherlock had left him. He was alone. Alone except for the army.
Sherlock was deep in his ‘Mind Palace.’ In the very special room. A room with a dark blue door. The same shade of blue as John’s eyes. Warm and dark like the Mediterranean Sea. Sherlock wanted to plunge into those dark blue orbs and swim until he was exhausted. He wanted John.
There was no way John was going to discuss his time in the whore’s arms with Sherlock. He noticed Sherlock staring at the plants he was growing. Maybe that was a safer subject to talk about.
He turned away from his brother, unfolding his legs and refolding them. He fussed with the crease in his trousers before he readdressed Sherlock.
Greg laughed and leaned back.
John turned back and looked at Sherlock. “And us? What happens to us now?”
“We need to talk, Frankie.”
Humphrey smiled.
The accountant gasped and leaped up from his chair. He stared down at the lifeless body of the attorney. Culverton Smith simply smiled and took another sip of Champagne.
Mycroft felt the sting of the accusation. “I didn’t realize he would delve deeper into his addiction.”
“Cavendish, Montague Cavendish.” Sherlock said.
“Victor didn’t hurt me. He didn’t mean it.”
“And how would one show appreciation to you . . .” He looked Moran over then frowned. “Lieutenant Colonel?”
“Twice.”
Moriarty’s smile reminded Moran of a shark just before feeding time. “Yes, I could. In fact, I’ve had several offers from the Chinese as well as the North Koreans but that does not fit into my plans.”
“None of your business, but if you must know . . .”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at his brother. “What is wrong with 221 Baker Street?”
“My beautiful silver moon.” John hummed into Sherlock’s skin.
“Are you going to see her again?”
“But if anyone tries anything with you - if someone hits on you . . .” Sherlock started.
“You were at the scene.” Sherlock turned and looked at John.
Sherlock had not said a thing. He stood quietly analyzing what Dimmit had just told them.
“No, nothing new. Just . . .” He looked at Sherlock. “Just brought a friend by.”
“I believe you are mistaken. I am not the same person I was when I knew Victor Trevor. You could say we are two completely different people.” Sherlock said trying to sound indifferent at the mention of his former tormentor’s name.
“Keep it.”
“He tried to kill you last night, Sherlock.” Mycroft turned towards Sherlock. Seemingly dismissing John.
Blackwood aimed his musket and fired. The bullet fell short of the approaching boat but still made the men duck. Blackwood quickly reloaded as Sholto fired his pistol.
Irene frowned and looked away. Sherlock decided it was time.
Sherlock saw another flash then the whistle of a cannon ball approaching the ship. This time the iron ball fell short of the ship. Sherlock took off running up the stairs to the main deck. Several crew men were at the railings looking out at the ship parallel to the Morstan. Sherlock heard shouting from the gun deck and sound of gunports opening.
“And the robberies?”
The three men lifted the heavy plank into place, then Sherlock braced his feet on it and pushed it into place. He leaned back into the rope and increased the pressure he was placing on it with his feet. John and Blackwood began hammering. The plank held.
The elderly man came out shouted something and John turned back towards him. The grandfather repeated the comment.
“I want the name of the officer who found him.”
“Now, Johnny Boy . . . is that anyway to talk to the man who holds your life and that of your lover in his hands?”
“And the stipulation of the agreement was that you lived with Victor Trevor. As far as I can tell, he no longer lives here.”
“Because you shouldn’t be alone. Someone should keep an eye on you.”
“Ah . . . London Royal Hospital. They said she wasn’t seriously injured.”
Isabella glanced at John with a raised eyebrow. He closed his eyes and nodded his head.
“Of course.” Moran said as if it was obvious.
“In the morning post. Quaint to think someone actually still mails.” Mycroft said.
“Yes . . . yes, must have been. Through that window.” John he glanced up towards the room where he had been.
“John, where have you been?” Seb asked.
John began to wonder if it would be better to jump out of the car at the next light. He tried the door handle but the door was locked. He was trapped. Suddenly, John had a horrible feeling that it could have been Victor Trevor who had tricked him. He wondered if these two were friends of the brute.
Kindly being beta'ed by ff_fan. Thank you for all of your support and kind words.
Sherlock’s head snapped rapidly back to stare at the man. “I assure you, my former drug use is well known by my family . . .”
“Even after I leave, I will still care and take care of him.”
Mrs. Hudson nodded as she closed the back door. The driver glanced at John in the back seat. Sherlock was practically sitting in John’s lap.
That was why Sherlock’s presence in at the Diogenes was so distasteful for Mycroft. But it would be better for these occasional family gatherings to take place here than at the offices he maintained near Whitehall.
The two men broke down giggling again. Mycroft Holmes was not assumed.
John landed firmly on the opposite side and kept running. He followed the omega down a metal staircase and back to the street. Instead of chasing after Sherlock, John started running with him as they pursued the taxi. They ran down alleys and across streets until they caught up with the taxi at an intersection in Soho. Sherlock grabbed the door and opened it. He looked at the passenger.
“Yes.”
When John slide himself into Sherlock’s body, he did it carefully. His concentration on the silver eyes staring up at him. The depth and trust Sherlock was giving him. His body and so much more.
“Yes.” Sherlock stared at John. He was becoming entranced by John’s deep blue eyes.
“And his initials are H.H.?” Greg asked.
“I found him in an alley. I think he’s overdosed.” The older man said.
Moran heard a soft curse then rustling. The flap was pulled back and John Watson stepped out into the moonlight before Moran.
“Sir Henry? I don’t know what you mean?” Stapleton quaked. His voice breaking.
“I don’t . . . I didn’t . . .” John stared into James’ green eyes. He knew he couldn’t lie to the man. The man had seen John at his most vulnerable. “It’s just best if he was gone.”
“Monsieur?”
“It is a pirates’ haven. All pirate ships eventually end up there.”
“We’ve already radioed for help. We’re fine. You don’t need to worry about us.”
“It’s all kinda’ creepy. He’s about ten years older than Sherlock. Met him when Sherlock was sixteen. By the time Sherlock was seventeen, they were living together. He has some job in the city, banking I think. He always has cash to throw around. He doesn’t like anyone talking to Sherlock though. He is very suspicious of anyone who gets too close to the man.”
“Well, I would strongly recommend we start there before we go about meeting in hotel suites, but if you prefer to rush forward to . . .”
“You abandoned your post and drove eight-two miles because he was in your medical officer? Seb, this is not like you. Tell me the truth.”
“That won’t do! That won’t do!” William shouted as he stood up.
“I think that has more to do with the amount of beer we’ve drunk and not the dancing.” John laughed weakly. He couldn’t hold Seb’s intense gaze. He glanced away and pretended to be watching the other dancers.
2017       John was slipping off his coat after locking the door to his flat. He was exhausted. A full shift at hospital then the meeting with Sherlock. He had so many emotions running through him, he couldn’t decide which one was the most dominate. He was angry at Sherlock for following him, but he was also pleased. He felt a warm spike of pleasure knowing the man was still thinking about him. Maybe even jealous. Sherlock deserved to suffer for what he did, but still John didn’t want to admit he cared about the tall git.
“Could be anywhere, but probably Sangin.” Private turned a corner and up to a flat squat building. It looked large compared to the other buildings on the base. He opened the doors and John followed him.
John felt the return of burning hatred for the dead man. Sherlock glanced away but John’s hand tipped Sherlock’s face back.
“Mycroft, good evening.” Sir Henry still maintained his Canadian accent.
Sherlock stumbled backwards. “No, I won’t go.”
John twisted to see there was someone else in the room. He blinked and realized he knew the man. It was the captain of the Scotland. Gregory Lestrade.
“I do not wish to be . . . obligated to you.”
“A facilitator? Nothing else? What about Moran?” Sherlock asked.
“Dispatch, this is 778, twenty-five-year-old male in medical distress. Possible . . .” Greg hesitate. He thought he knew what was wrong, but he didn’t want to say it. He didn’t want to bring the idea to life. “Possible head injury.” He lied.
“No.” John whispered. “Don’t.”
“John . . . no, God . . . I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to . . . John.” Moran acted horrified by what he had done. He reached out again for the man but John slapped his hands away.
John watched as Sherlock’s lips twitched and he seemed to pull himself inward. “I wasn’t raped but he . . . groped me. He tried to . . . he kissed me and bite my lip but he didn’t . . . rape me. I’m not pregnant.”
“You are not pack. John doesn’t want you here in his territory.” Sherlock said from John’s lap.
“It took you months to rid yourself of your addiction and even longer to bring yourself back to be a somewhat useful person to society.”
“Who are they?” He asked.
“Don’t.” Frankie said firmly. “It’s not worth it. Get back to work.”
John woke with a start. Something was wrong. He knew something was wrong, but he couldn’t identify it. The whole situation made worse by the fact he was only dressed in his pants and vest. He felt exposed. John laid on the couch waiting for his senses to tell him why had woken up so suddenly. He listened but didn’t hear anything unusual. Slowly he rolled over and glanced around. Nothing looked different from the previous night when he fell asleep. He rolled the rest of the way over and saw what had apparently woken him up.
“My dear Stapleton. I believe you are quite aware why you find yourself is such a precarious situation.” Mycroft said.
Mycroft began texting on his mobile.
2008 Sangin, Afghanistan
“Sherlock, we have spoken about you sneaking around at night.” Mycroft sighed as he lifted his teacup to the lips.
Moran was dead. A single gunshot wound to the chest. Severed the aorta and Moran had bled out into his chest in mere seconds. There was no way John could have saved his life even if he had tried.
“He was gone for three days when I received a note from him. He said he was going to France with a friend.” Sherlock said. He yanked his arm away from Rampant but the alpha immediately wrapped his meaty fingers around Sherlock’s neck. The pudgy digits pressed deep into the omega’s flesh.
“The uncle of the girl was Taliban. When they found out the older man had killed the uncle saving you, they came for him. He was murdered in the house and then they set the house on fire.” Hinde explained.
“Jim Moriarty wants to destroy us. He wants to tear us down. He is using every way possible to do so. Murder, extortion, betrayal and sex. He means to divide us, so he can conquer us.”
Sherlock removed his hat and scarf. His dark curls shook out over his pale skin and paler eyes.
“She did not have a stroke. I insist on a forensic autopsy to be performed at St. Bart’s.” Mycroft said sternly.
Ropes were being tossed down to the small boat. Blackwood caught the rope and tied it off. The men aboard the Morstan quickly pulled the small boat alongside. Blackwood scrambled up the side as other ropes were lowered to haul the boat aboard.
“He is a publisher. A very influential and powerful man.” Mycroft said. He hated himself. He didn’t want to do this but the notice would be in the morning papers. Sherlock would start receiving phone calls and congratulations. His brother had to know that he was going to be bonded.
“I know. And he sends his regards.” Culverton smiled. “I never guessed that the great Mycroft Holmes would have an illegitimate brother. Imagine the scandal.”
“Sherlock, he’s a grown man. He’ll do what he wants to do regardless of what you want. And if he finds out about our – arrangement, then it is one less thing you need to lie about.”
“How about some pie? Cherry?”
“And your pride is more important than us? Than me?”
“John, I told you to lay still.” Mike complained.
Sherlock muses about dating John Watson
“I picked them out just for you. Amazing the selection at Ann Summers.” Sherlock rubbed his nose across the sensitive skin just behind John’s ear enjoying the natural scent clinging to his hair. “The blue is the same color as your eyes when you are aroused.”
Sherlock stood quickly and put on his coat. He knew the one person who could help him put the pieces together.
“Six forty-five. Saturday, if you didn’t remember.” Sherlock’s eyes shifted and looked up at the sleepy doctor.
“John, I’m sorry. He doesn’t like you. He will demand I send you way.”
Sherlock stood in the corner, hiding in the shadows as he watched his omega and pup on the bed. He felt so isolated from the two people he loved more than anyone or anything else in this world. He felt so young, so juvenile to the scene in front of him. His fingers twitched. He wanted to touch, but was afraid to step forward.
“He didn’t want me near his precious baby brother. The omega, Sherlock.”
“I want to speak to her myself.” Mycroft demanded.
Sherlock finally turned and looked at Mycroft. The older brother could see the internal battle that was going on behind Sherlock’s eyes. He wondered for a brief moment which side would win. Sherlock’s need to end the pain he was in or this innate sense of survival.
“And you are always right? You think you know what you want?”
“No it won’t.” Sherlock finally snapped at his brother.
Another clap of thunder and first splatters of rain hit the deck. John dropped his hands away and turned to shout at Billy.
“Oh, God no! Never. I’m having too much fun now. The idea of being saddled with an omega is too much. Now, don’t get me wrong . . . I have no problems bedding them and especially during their heats, but to have to deal with their emotional outbursts and childishness . . . I would rather face a full regiment of Taliban than deal with that.”
“If you are so certain of your bond then you won’t be swayed by anything I would have to say.”
“These look like burns.” He said cautiously.
“Maybe they did draw attention to themselves. Maybe they enjoy drawing attention to themselves where ever they go. Maybe everyone is so busy watching this person’s left hand they don’t see what his right hand is doing.” Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
“Yes you did . . . just one amongst many gunshot wounds. But our bond is not broken.”
“He first denied knowing Moriarty, but he slipped up. He called him Jim. I never told him the man’s first name. He said you went to his pub and shot the place up.”
The drive took less than fifteen minutes. John had been shoved into the foot well of the car. They had slipped a black hood over his head and he wasn’t exactly sure where they were. The saloon pulled into a garage and Ryan jumped out of the car and closed the doors before sneering man pulled John from the back seat. John stumbled along as the men dragged him up a small flight of stairs and into a room above the garage.
As John peaked, he sank his teeth down into Sherlock’s neck. Not breaking the skin but definitely leaving a sizable bruise on the young man’s neck. A foretelling of devotion. A promise of bonding.
The young man opened the door of the bathroom and waved his arm to show John the body laying on the floor.
“NO! Mummy said I could choose for myself!”
“We can’t be sure but this was taken by CCTV outside of a Tesco. It looks like the car that was used in the robbery but we don’t have a good look at the plates. It could be just a similar car that drove by at the same time as the crooks.”
The three men stared at John. He felt he was missing something important. He glanced around his cabin.
“And I’ve just caught you a serial killer . . . more or less.”
John remembered Wilderbrant’s open and expectant face. How happy Wilderbrant looked every time he saw John. John realized that Wilderbrant probably had some sort of crush on him. It made John feel awkward before, but now, after the assault, the idea made John sad. Believing that Wilderbrant was so desperate for a connection to another human being, that he would date a monster like Victor. And now that open and happy face would be marred and damaged forever by that man.
John nodded his head and smiled at the man.
“Who was that?” Sherlock asked Frankie.
“John? He’s over the side of the ship.” James kept his attention up on the men sewing.
“Yes, but I was living with two hundred alphas around me daily. Now, it’s just you.”
Sherlock started to follow him, when he paused and looked up at the window on the ground floor flat. An older woman with a narrow face and pinched expression was watching him. Peeking out from behind drawn curtains.
“Late,” whispered John.
John stood outside the Sholto’s quarters. He cleared his throat and called out. “Major.”
“No, he’s not making any such claim.” Dimmit said as he slowly stepped around John in a circle, studying what John was wearing. “Is this what you normally wear to work?”
Mycroft went to the table and prepared a bellini with the caviar. The rich black fish eggs were decadent and crème fraîche was silky. Mycroft appreciated the rich treat. The Bollinger’s accented the saltiness of the caviar perfectly.
Magnussen leaned back in his chair and crossed his long legs. A smug expression covered his face.
John never moved more than arm’s length away from Sherlock. He kept the younger man always in his line of sight. Always within his reach. His fear of losing Sherlock was always near the surface.
“No problem, but you probably should apologize to Sandy. She didn’t know who was knocking on our door at midnight. She was afraid it was some kind of home invasion.”
James couldn’t hold John’s stare any longer. “I don’t . . . it was Magnussen.”
“I don’t want anyone else to have me either.” Sherlock’s lips brushed against John’s.
“He will be eager to hand you over to me. All that needs to be settled is the dowry. I won’t be taking a bond without compensation.” Magnussen said as he pulled out his phone and started to scroll through it.
“I didn’t lose my hand and I won’t take his hand away either. I’ll just make sure it is so damaged, that Mycroft won’t be able to use it again.” Moriarty smiled.
Moran’s water grey eyes watched as Sherlock lunged at him.
Trudy Goodwill was an abrupt woman in her late fifties. Premature grey hair and a sagging neck, she was formidable as well as conscientious. She had worked in the department for twenty years and treated all of the doctors with the same amount of indifference. Her concern was for the patients and not for the egos of the physicians. John enjoyed teasing her.
John dosed off round four in the morning, falling asleep beside the dark haired man. He’s sleep crowded with dreams of Sherlock call out to him. Begging him to stay. He woke with a start an hour later to see Sherlock sitting up in bed and watching him.
“Sherlock? I’m home!” he teased as he walked into the flat.
McMath cut the ropes that tethered the Morstan to the stricken vessel. Blackwood turned the wheel to starboard as he ordered the sails to hoisted. The morning breezes slowly pulled the ship away from the other two ships. The sounds of men calling out for mercy or cursing their existence carried on the wind.
The coroner had insisted that the numerous bruises varied in age and couldn’t have all been caused by the fall. He couldn’t stipulate that the twelve story drop was the cause of the skull fracture, but he also couldn’t say it wasn’t. After the ‘suicide’ of the omega, many started to question the death of Magnussen’s first omega. That omega had died at home. The death certificate listed a heart condition as cause of death, but no autopsy had been performed. The body had been quickly cremated. Rumors persisted that the omega had been beaten to death by Magnussen.
Mycroft pulled Sherlock through the crowd, nodding and smiling at people who greeted them. Salutations and solicitations were offered from every direction. Sherlock walked stiffly beside his brother. Mycroft’s hand still wrapped around Sherlock’s elbow like a vise.
“The danger?” John asked.
“No, you couldn’t.”
John felt sick. He turned and looked at the elders who were now shouting at him. He didn’t know what they were saying but it was obvious they wanted the soldiers to leave.
He walked into the house and was nearly bowled over by the smell of vomit and urine. There were unconscious individuals laying on the floor. PCs and cadets in training were slowly gathering them together to have them shipped over to shelters or hospital accordingly. The floor was covered with trash and bedding. There were numerous syringes and broken vials of glass mixed into the debris.
“No, my baby! Where is he!?” John pleaded.
John lay in the hospital bed, his right hand was bandaged. John was only wearing pajama bottoms. His tan chest was bare. The scar on his shoulder visible to everyone. Across his abdomen was a large white bandage covering the stitches and the wound from the broken glass.
“Every omega I’ve ever met is clingy.” John said quietly. He unwrapped his fork and knife from their folded napkins. He glanced down at his plate and decided to start with the bangers.
“Fire a round across their bow.” John ordered.
John crawled into the back and tried to stop the bleeding of the unconscious soldier. The other two men in the backseat had started to shift and twist out of the wreckage. As soon as they were free, they joined the other soldiers who were shooting at the Taliban fighters.
“Give me that laptop and I’ll start looking. It will be something recent. Something that is connected to an insignificant event.”
That was not the last time one of the soldiers tried to treat Captain John Watson as anything other than an Army doctor, but soon the men changed their minds. Quickly, he won over the respect of the men at the forward base with his skill as a doctor and his accuracy in shooting. John pulled more than his weight and played a smart hand at poker. Moran watched as John was accepted by the men as just another soldier.
It had been weeks since the girl and her family was murdered. No one was held accountable for it. There had been rumors and there had been claims, but nothing proven. It sickened John and he requested to be transferred out.
“What is he doing here?” John asked through clinched teeth.
James smiled broadly at John. His eyes hidden behind his mirrored sunglasses.
“I don’t care.” Victor said as he lit another cigarette. He took a long draw on the cigarette and slowly exhaled. A plume of white smoke circled over the omega’s head. “I have a date tonight.”
“Oh what a shame,” Magnussen bemoaned. “Just when it was getting interesting.”
“Blackwood make ready the burial. Call the men together. I’ll be there in five minutes. McMath help him.”
John stood at the wheel of the Morstan as he watched the third barrage of cannonballs hit the Appledore.
Sherlock heard John’s voice. He turned and ran up the steep steps to the sterncastle deck. John was standing next to Blackwood. Both men were staring at the other ship.
“Maybe . . . but I doubt this is far from over.” Sherlock said and leaned into John’s body.
Sherlock rubbed his tongue along the thick vein on the underside of it, then swirled his tongue over the top. John’s hand in his hair tightened and pulled slightly.
“You will be able to call him after you are processed.”
“A misunderstanding? Sherlock, what would have happened if I hadn’t been watching over him? If I hadn’t put the extra security on him? What would have happened if Moran had convinced John to go someplace other than a public house?”
Violet Holmes didn’t know what Sherlock was holding. “What is that? Explain this to me, Myc. What have you done?”
Sherlock slowly nodded his head. John stood up and held out a hand for Sherlock. The two men went to the oversize bunk against the wall. They shucked off their clothes and Sherlock crawled on the bunk first.
“Yes, I told you we were thinking about it, but we never did it. And you can’t be arrested yet for what you are thinking about.” John smiled.
“We lie.”
The back door of the saloon opened and John heard a familiar voice.
“Sometimes. I miss the sense of belonging. I miss the men. I don’t miss anything else. Not the killing or the long hours or the dirt.” John turned and walked away from Sherlock and into the small kitchen.
He could still smell the other alpha’s scent on John’s skin. He could still see the blonde standing in their flat telling John to come with him. Sherlock’s stomach twisted. Had he really been that close to losing this remarkable man? Had he allowed Adler and her puzzle to blind him to the fact he was letting John slip away?
Sir Henry gasped.
“Casualties?”
“Yes. What do you think of my little game? It really turned out well didn’t it?” A malevolent glee came into Jim’s voice.
“GET OFF ME!” John gasped under the man’s weight.
Lestrade frowned and looked away from John’s angry expression. He looked back at the dead body of the other soldier and then at the other draped bodies on gurneys in the morgue. Two dead police officers who were found next to Sholto’s body.
“Is it his?” Anthea asked as she stared down at the severed hand inside the bed of salt.
Sherlock lunged at his brother. His hands reached to wrap around his brother’s neck.
“He was in my command. He was our medical officer and . . . a soldier.”
“I hate you, John Watson. I will make sure you pay for all the pain you’ve caused us. Just see if I don’t.”
“You don’t need to go. You don’t have to go with him if you don’t want too.” John said quietly.
“Hey! Who are you guys? Cops?” John asked as the shorter man kept John back from Sherlock.
“The police found him half an hour ago in a warehouse off Wandsworth Road Vauxhall. He was taken to Kings College Hospital. He was admitted through their A and E department.” The dark-haired woman said as she read the report off her phone.
John didn’t plan on sleeping again. He planned on killing the man beside him.
Sherlock lapped and dove his tongue deeper into John’s body. The man’s scent becoming addictive to the alpha; his taste the most delicious thing Sherlock had ever indulged. The muscles quickly giving way to the intrusion as John rapidly approached his heat. His body flushed and shivering with need.
“I would use beautiful to describe you . . .” John looked up and smiled at the alpha.
“Well, maybe I’ll just quit being a doctor . . .”
John grabbed Sherlock off the deck and rushed to the railing. Together to the two men leaped over and onto the other ship. John was immediately attacked. He quickly parried with his sword. Beating the other pirate back. Sherlock picked a sword up off the deck and started to expertly wheel it. He ducked and swiveled avoiding every strike against him. He pushed men back and towards the far side of the ship and the British sailors.
~^+^~
“Hamish . . . John Hamish Watson . . . just if you were looking for baby names.” He turned around and looked at his computer. He couldn’t believe his alpha was openly flirting with the woman in front of him. In front of his pregnant omega. John tried to swallow the burning pain down. He couldn’t look at them anymore.
“John!?” Mike shouted when he saw his captain and friend brought in.
“Any chance Lestrade was able to arrest him?”
Roberta turned and looked at Sherlock. She could tell he was an omega. She also knew he was far more attractive than her. She seemed to shrink back.
“I expect nothing less.”
“Yeah, my man at Scotland Yard said that Lestrade has been called out for another of his ‘serial suicides’. His team has been dispatched to the scene. I’ll text you the address.”
“Oh no. I’m not going to be so literal in revenge. I’m not going to be ‘a tooth for a tooth and eye for an eye’. No, I’m thinking more abstract. Mycroft’s man spent twelve hours torturing me. He beat me and burned me with his cigarettes. Then in front of the Iceman, he used a hammer to brake every bone in the hand. It took five operations to get to where it is today. I should have let them amputate it.” Moriarty looked down at his mangled hand and wrist in disgust. He opened and closed it but the ability to grasp anything had been lost the damaged appendage. He swiped the table with it, hitting the teacup. The china cup and tea were flung across the table and onto the floor where it shattered.
John’s anger was blazing brightly. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Holding it for a moment before slowly letting it escape. When he spoke, his voice was much quieter and more of a threat than an explanation.
“I always take out new recruits so they don’t get themselves killed on their first day.” He said patronizingly at John. “We leave at zero-five-thirty. Be ready.”
“Yes, sir. It was here two hours ago when I called it in.” PC Wright said as he walked gingerly through the wet debris on the concrete floor.
“A mistake? Why?”
Mycroft let his mask slip for the briefest of moments. A slight twitch to his eyes and a tightening of the muscles in his throat. Most people would have missed the wave of tension that came over Mycroft for the millisecond, but Sherlock wasn’t most people. A sly smile came to his lips. Mycroft had been enjoying watching Sherlock suffer as he become aware of John Watson’s proximity to him. Now, Sherlock was going to watch Mycroft try and remain indifferent as Greg Lestrade came into the room.
“Mother, it has only been sixty eight minutes since you called.” Mycroft said as he walked into his mother’s home. “And since you gave me the name Mycroft, could you at least try and make it all the way to the end of it.”
“One question or you can let me have this one for a couple of hours.” She gestured towards Sherlock with the riding crop.
Sherlock’s mind informed him. ‘
“Agreed.” James nodded. “So soldiers just doing as they are told.”
John stood up and growled as he moved threateningly towards the dark haired man. “I was harmed, Sherlock. You hurt me more than anyone else living or dead!”
“I had my moment for something better. It’s over. She is gone.”
“A lie? But . . .” Stapleton realized he had already said too much. He had paid the clerk in the Admiral’s employ to tell him of any dispatches from the West Indies. He had reported to Sir Henry that Sherlock Holmes was found dead by the captain of the Scotland. Holmes had laid a trap to find out who was following his brother’s escape and Stapleton stepped into it.
The canvas moved and a man’s face came out from behind the brown tarp. He was early thirties with dark hair and fine features. His eyes were a remarkable dark color, almost black. He wore civilian clothing and seemed too meek to be intimidating.
“Because of us, no. Involving us? Yes.”
Sherlock blinked and looked up at Frankie. “You didn’t tell him where I am did you?”
Greg waved his hand and one of the officers accompanying him moved passed John and Sherlock and took a position beside the hospital door. Greg’s attention moved back to John.
John smiled and leaned forward and lick up the alpha’s neck. John could taste Sherlock’s scent on his skin, honey and almonds. John placed an open mouth kiss over the man’s pulse point.
“Well, then I’ll wait here till he shows up.” John sat down in the chair opposite Sherlock’s.
He had miscalculated. The chains and shackles weighed more than he realized. He kicked hard and felt the metal bite into the skin of his ankles. He tried to move his arms to pull himself up but he could barely pull them away from his body. By the time he reached the surface, he was almost out of oxygen. His lungs were burning. He gasped as his head broke through the glassy ceiling of water.
“I know but that won’t stop my prick from demanding you stay put. Now, what is so damn important you want to try and physically injure us?”
Mycroft paused at the man’s attitude. He glanced out at the ocean then said. “He is obviously not here on the island. The only reasonable assumption would be he is out there.”
Mycroft didn’t say anything else. He turned and left the flat as silently as he could. Hoping and wishing he would hear Sherlock call him back. That the same small boy who called for him and reached for him when he was scared. But Mycroft heard nothing. He left alone.
Sherlock shifted but didn’t pull away.
“It’s not you, it’s Sherlock. He has a thing for Sherlock.”
John awkwardly hesitated with the bin still in his hands. He wasn’t sure what the police officer was doing there.
John and Sherlock were in the taxi.
“What are you doing here? The police said you were jail.” John wondered how much worse the day could get.
As promised he returned to the street with a well-stocked medical bag. He followed Ryan and his partner to the car. John sat in the backseat of the saloon as it made its way to the northwest. They pulled into the carpark under a glass and steel building on Euston Road. The building was sleek and so very different from the flat Sherlock and John had shared seven years ago.
“Oh, God, Sherlock . . . why didn’t you tell me. I would have . . . I wouldn’t . . .” John’s words conflicted with his want for the omega.
John gripped his rifle tighter. “Are you sure?”
They made their way to the railing. The Speckled Band was now listing to starboard at about a thirty-degree angle. Much more and the two men wouldn’t be able to stand on the deck. John grabbed the railing and helped pull Sherlock up to it.
“One of the best. Insurance company insisted on it. It would go off if someone took a painting down off the walls. It was blaring because the windows got broken. The owner of the gallery went and turned it off before we arrived.”
John sat on the bench as he tied his trainers. His hair was spiky from the shower and his shirt clung slightly to his still damp skin.
The footman jumped down from the back of the carriage and rushed forward to open the door. He carefully flipped down the step and Mycroft descended from the compartment. The front door opened and a dark-haired woman appeared in the doorway.
“The metal was causing the fever. She should get better now.”
“IS THIS WHAT YOU TOOK?!” he shouted.
“I never seen anything like that before . . .”
“Of course, captain. Let’s make haste.” He felt dizzy and wanted to sit back down. Mycroft reached out and rested his fingertips on the top of his desk to steady himself.
“I just didn’t want to sleep at my place. You know how it is.” John said as he poured some milk into his coffee.
“Don’t be boring, Johnny. My bond mate came up with this all by himself.” Moriarty glared at Moran. “Apparently, he forgot about our bond. He decided he wanted an idiot for a lover.”
He closed the file. It was over.
“To my tent.” John said as he grabbed for his pants and trousers.
He thought about the two of them running away. Hiding from their father. He thought about school. The rugby team and Wilderbrant. He wondered where Mike Stamford was now. What he could be doing. Would he be married. He remembered Mike introducing him to Sherlock. And how incredible Sherlock was. John thought about how happy he was with Sherlock and how he never wanted that to end. But it did end. John went off to the army and Sherlock went off to –
“So Holmes doesn’t know where his brother is. Let’s let him think we still have him. I have an idea.” He rose quickly and went to his desk. “Before you send the assassin after that idiot Wilkes, I have another job for him.”
Hope everyone is safe and sound during the epidemic. Take care of yourself and keep writing.
John expected the man to complain or feign embarrassment like any other omega. Sherlock stared at John for a moment then reached up and cupped John’s face in his palm. The tall omega took a step forward and pushed his body into John’s. Pinning the alpha to the wall, as Sherlock’s mouth crashed down onto John’s.
“Yes, you did. What did you say?”
~221~
John looked up into Moran’s face and could see the anger there. The grey eyes were dark and John could see the rage. He quit struggling and let Moran move his hands over his body.
Moran felt his mouth go dry. He seemed to be slipping away from Hyde-Dower’s reach. Moran looked up at the brigadier.
John knew the conservative administrators of St. Bart’s shunned negative publicity. Having a part-time doctor connected to a homicide would discourage them from keeping him on staff. Dimmit, with that one phone call had cost John his job.
“Are you going to rape me again?”
Lestrade switched files to his left hand. He stepped closer to John and held out his right hand.
He glanced around and the imaginary threats were gone. Slowly John leaned back and let go of Sherlock’s wrists.
John almost fell forward. He reached out with his left hand and caught Greg’s desk. Leaning forward heavily on his arm, he struggled to breath.
~^+^~
“Alright, alright, no reason to shove.” Lestrade said and he started down the stairs.
Mycroft disconnected the intercom. He hoped it wasn’t too late to prevent his brother from bonding with John Watson.
“Shame, it looks very interesting. I would like to know if the parasite could be used to identify an individual,” Sherlock said.
John reacted immediately. He grabbed the barrel of the handgun and twisted it in Moran’s grasp. John controlled the muzzle and pushed it away from Sherlock. He wrapped his free arm around Moran’s shoulder and pushed the man back. Together, Moran and John fell to the floor. Grappling to control the gun. Moran grunted when they hit the tile. His head hit the hard floor.
Moran walked out of the garage. His ears still ringing from the sound of the man’s screams. Two other men walked out with their boss. Each giving Moran sideways glances. They had never seen the former soldier so vicious before. It was almost like he was relishing the torture.
McMath fired his cannons one more time. He had loaded them with grapeshot. The small projectiles tore through the decks of the Speckled Band, killing anyone who was standing there.
“Fuck . . . is it going to be like that every time we . . .” John broke off his comment as he slipped a hand under Sherlock and rolled the two of them up on their sides. John threw a leg over Sherlock’s hip and pulled the younger man into his chest. A protective arm wrapped around Sherlock’s body.
“Shite, I leave for a few days and everyone gets delusions of grandeur.” James scoffed but a wave of apprehension crashed into him. Something he hadn’t felt since he was a new recruit.
Sherlock rushed forward and grabbed the scissors. “Because!”
Magnussen looked insulted. “What can you be speaking of. I have done all that you requested.”
“Why are you here, Sherlock?” John asked before he took a sip of his coffee.
Lestrade huffed and leaned back over Sherlock’s shoulder.
John leaned over and kissed Sherlock’s lips. “Promise. I’ll be here every night to tuck you into bed.”
“It is a meth den.”
It had been six months since Jim Moriarty had been murdered. There had been a few leads but Mycroft quickly dismissed them and no further information was available. Struggling with a decision, he sat in his office going over the file one more time.
“There’s a ‘Blues and Twos’ out front.” One of the men said with a thick cockney accent.
“Sherlock . . . you deserve better.”
John steered the ship into the channel as the Lone Star was leaving the dock and pursuing after them. The powder monkeys, Billy and Zeb were running back and forth between the magazine and McMath who was loading the cannons.
Thank you all for the wonder comments and encouragements. It really does help in the writing process to know people are enjoying the story. Just a few more chapters to finish up the story.
“If I’m going to be hanged, what does it matter, Mike.”
Mycroft glanced up. His lips pulled down in a slight pout. He hated being disturbed and Anthea knew it. She would only bother him unless it was an emergency.
The rain from earlier in the evening had stopped and the streets were filling with the youthful crowds that frequented this portion of London. The traffic had picked up and music was now floating out of various buildings up and down the street. There was the sound of conversation and laughter in the air. The city was coming alive again. London was one of the few cities that John had ever been in that seemed to have a pulse of its own. A life and breath. A heartbeat.
“As quickly as you can get me out.”
“Can you? Make me forget?” John asked wondering if that was really what he wanted.
In the back of his mind, John was worried. First of all, Sherlock had dropped out of school. He told John he was working now, but he wouldn’t explain exactly where he was working. Sherlock was not working regular hours, either. Sometimes he would be gone to three or four days at a time, then the next week, he wouldn’t leave the flat at all. Second, John couldn’t understand what favor Sherlock could have done for Mrs. Hudson that would grant them free lodging in a flat that should have been far too expensive for them to live in. Finally, no one in the financial office could explain where the scholarship came from or how John had been selected to receive it.
“John, everything you have just said that is truthful, proves how perfect you are to me. Truthful in that you are determined and dedicated. You are not plain and ordinary, you are astonishing. Instead of just making your way through life relying on others to care for you, you pushed yourself to the limits of your endurance. You have shown your loyalty to the point of self-sacrifice. You have tolerated my eccentricities. You’ve embraced my life. You reflect light back onto me to make everything else illuminate. It is I who would be unworthy of a bond mate like you. My God, John, you killed a man for me! How could there ever be anyone I could care for more than you?”
He walked up the stairs, hearing the shouting from one of the rooms up there. Half way up the rickety stairs he recognized the voice.
“Renfrew Road, Elephant and Castle.”
“The glasses he was wearing. Those funny yellow lenses - they are shooting glasses. For people who do a lot of target practice.”
Greg sighed as if preparing himself. “John, do you know a man by the name of Lieutenant Colonel James Sholto?”
John could see the crushed expression on the younger man’s face. But John couldn’t let his sympathies ruin his future. He needed to be on the rugby team because he needed the scholarship to stay in school. He needed to stay in school to become a doctor, because that is all he ever wanted to be since he was a young boy. John had a plan. A path to get to where he wanted to be. And a dalliance with another male student wasn’t anywhere along that path.
“There is nothing you can say about Sherlock Holmes that I don’t already know.” John said.
“Don’t tell Sherlock.”
John glanced at Lestrade who waved him away from the bed. The two men moved back outside the curtained off area.
“Almost a doctor,” Sherlock correct. He looked over John’s shoulder at the picture.
More gunfire and then James voice shouting. “Incoming!”
John growled as he looked at the British naval ship through the spyglass. The sails were burning. The men were fighting gallantly but were being overwhelmed by Roylott’s men. It would be over soon if John didn’t act.
Moriarty turned to look at Smith. Smith smiled and waved a biscuit in the air.
“Don’t. I will not be continuing my association with the detective.”
John licked his lips and tried to relax. “We are students together at UCL. He’s been tutoring me in Chemistry.”
“I think,” he tried to move it. “FUCK!” He winced at the pain. “NO. What about the men?”
John lapped and nipped at Sherlock until the poor omega was begging to be mounted. He was pushing his hips up and back, presenting himself to the alpha. John growled again as he watched the omega submit to him.
“So you lied to protect me and not yourself? You think you have some way of proving you were here in the flat?”
“Well, things have changed and there is an alpha who wishes to bond with you.” Mycroft finally turned to look at his brother.
“I am the one in charge here, not you and not his brother, Mycroft. He will learn to respect me and to do as he told. He, just like you, are nothing but toys for me to use and break. Now leave and never contact my bondmate again.”
A shadow shifted down the alley. A bulky figure stepped away from a doorway and dashed down the street. John followed, his gun out. John moved swiftly down the ally, keeping close to the walls. He only stepped out of the shadows and into the middle of the road when obstacles forced him to. He watched as the other man moved slowly down the street, constantly gazing up and following the man on the rooftops.
~221~
John groaned. He pulled his wrist free of Sherlock’s hand and wrapped his arms around the other man’s shoulders. He leaned up and kissed Sherlock. Smearing his tongue over Sherlock’s. Sherlock’s hands went to work on John’s clothes. He pulled at the hem of John’s jumper, pulling the striped sweater over John’s head. Sherlock’s fingers opened the buttons on the younger man’s shirt; pulling the cloth apart.
Sherlock’s eyes shifted away from Magnussen to something in the middle distance. His fingers steepled together under his chin as he held his mouth open in slight ‘O’. His expression became neutral as his eyes glazed over.
John laughed at the image of a hairy black spider with Mycroft’s pale face on its head. He imagined long white fangs hanging down over Mycroft’s thin lips.
“Sherlock and I will be spending our future together. And not you, or Mycroft or Moriarty is going to change that.”
Sherlock blinked his eyes as he woke up the next morning. He was warm and although sore, he felt relaxed. He laid contently in John’s embrace. He felt the alpha’s strong arms wrap protectively around his body. For the first time in his life, Sherlock felt at ease. He sighed and twisted to bring his nose closer to John’s hair. He breathed deep the warm spicy scent of the alpha. Sherlock hummed.
“And if you berate my alpha, I’ll never assist you again.”
~221~
“Good morning.” Sherlock said.
“Okay you tell me what you think happened.” Greg said.
“Two hundred! Where would a student get two hundred pounds?!” John growled at the man.
“No I didn’t and . . .” John glanced around them to see if anyone was listening to them. “And I’m glad I didn’t. It wasn’t just you. I want it too. I wanted us to do that.”
“You will not allow me to go and follow up this lead?”
“It’s ten times better than the one you broke. You don’t have to be so . . . I don’t know . . . generous?”
“Moriarty would have taken him some place special. Some place where he would feel powerful over not only me and John but you.”
“No. Scotland Yard.” Sherlock said as he held up an identification warrant. “Welcome to London.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and huffed. “Well anyone with minimal intelligence could gather that. What is the real reason it is imperative I return to England and to my brother at court?
Charles Augustus Magnussen was recently widowed. His last omega, Ian Harris Magnussen, had allegedly committed suicide. According to the investigation, the simpleton had jumped off the roof of Magnussen’s publishing office building. The poor omega’s bruised and broken body sprawled on the pavement for everyone to see. The publicity had been unwelcome to Magnussen but nothing he couldn’t deal with.
James looked back at John and his lascivious smile. “I should smack that look off you your face, soldier.”
Greg crawled over the seat and knelt down in front of Mycroft. Greg sat down straddling Mycroft’s hips. His hair scrapping across the roof of the car.
“I’m here to help.”
The world faded away. The sounds of the traffic outside disappeared. The room they were standing in no longer existed. All there was and all that matter was the two of them. Standing face to face. Mere inches apart. Yet so tightly woven together, neither time nor distance mattered.
“Sorry, mate.” John muttered as he kept walking. His head down, his eyes fixed ahead of himself.
She lightly squeezed his arm and turned to leave, but Sir Henry was blocking her departure.
“What you suggested sounds good to me.”
“Were the two of you friends?” asked Dimmit.
“I used to visit Sherlock when he was in rehab. He told me he never felt any cravings when he was around you.” Greg said as he eyes scanned the room again. He took another sip of his beer as the words sunk into John.
“You were honest with me. You told me you had to leave. You needed to leave to finish your training to become a doctor. You never deceived me.”
“All because Sebastian Moran fell in love with John years ago.”
“Look, you’re bondmate is under arrest . . .”
“You lied for me.” Sherlock said simply.
John went to their bedroom. The bed had not been slept in but sitting on the night stand next to Sherlock’s side of the bed was a mirror. John had no personal experience but he recognized the signs of drug use. The haze of white powder on the glass and a razor blade. Sherlock had promised him he had stopped using. John had never doubted the man’s honesty. He cursed and turned to go looking for Sherlock.
This chapter has smut in it. If not your cup of tea, skip down to the break. More of Sherlock's family history is reveled in this chapter.
Sherlock went over and saw Barr standing at the rail. The black man as shirtless. His big, muscled arms glistened with sweat. Without a shirt on, the man appeared even bigger and more formidable. Sherlock watched for a moment. Barr was leaning over the railing and talking to someone off the side of the ship. When he stood up, Sherlock noticed the scars on his back. Thin lashes of marred skin. All going in the same direction. From his right shoulder to his left hip. At least two dozen marks. Whip marks. They were ugly and made Sherlock shuddered with revolution.
“His brother found him in a crack house. He was overdosing again. Mycroft got him to hospital and before Sherlock woke up, Mycroft had established a conservatorship. Sherlock is not his own person anymore. Mycroft had Sherlock locked up in a rehab and it took me weeks to find him. After he went through the course three times, Mycroft let him leave with the understanding that if he miss stepped once, Sherlock would be lock-up again and this time there would be no repeal.”
“At any time. This could have happened months ago or even years.” John was getting frustrated.
John glanced up from his pacing and stared at his friend.
“No, I wish to stay here.”
Sherlock promised John would never be alone again.
“It’s not a delusional, if it’s the truth.” John’s smile returned letting James know he wasn’t angry about the doubt the major had about John’s abilities.
“Yes. A yellow aerosolize can paint.” Sherlock slowly refastened his scarf around his neck.
Suddenly crackle of distant gunfire. “81 Romeo, Baker to 81 Romeo Adam!” the radio sputtered with a panicked voice.
It took Irene several seconds to regain control. “What makes you think I prefer the pleasure of women over men?”
“Better to have the stuff and not need it than to need it and not have it.” John said as he picked it up one handed. He grabbed his rifle and slung it over his right shoulder.
“We?” Sherlock asked raising an eyebrow.
“Are you saying they were solders?”
John’s mind registered what had happened before the crowds started screaming and running.
“Good evening, sir. If you require anything else, please do not hesitate to ring room service.” The young beta turned and left the suite.
Flashes of memories came to him. Memories of Sherlock standing naked in this very room only a few weeks earlier. Sherlock’s long creamy white back and round backside exposed for John’s viewing. John pushed those thoughts away when his prick jumped again.
“But if he is involved in selling drugs, why would he be upset about you using drugs.”
“Why are you here?” Sherlock asked.
“NO!” Sherlock fisted his hands. He took a threatening step forward.
Mike smiled. “I’m not worried.”
The nurse helped Sherlock roll up his sleeves. As the nurse placed a tunicate on Sherlock’s arm, John glanced over. He saw the scars in the antecubital space of Sherlock’s arm. Numerous white starbursts across the crease of his elbow. The evidence of IV drug abuse. John stared at the scared arm then his eyes returned to Sherlock’s face. Sherlock had been watching him. Studying John’s expression. The micro-dermal muscles around the other man’s eyes and the corners of his mouth. The two men stared at each other.
James voice came through the radio again. “Strafe in one.” The whirling sound of the 30mm chain gun of the Apache helicopter started up.
“Physical admiration?” John knitted his brow as he narrowed his eyes at Sherlock. “You’re sexually attracted to me?” John noticed a slight blush to come to the detective’s pale cheeks.
Seb growled and grabbed John by his good shoulder. He pulled the man backwards and pinned him to the bed with the weight of his body.
“Sore, but not as bad as I thought I would be. You said you bathed me? During?”
“Okay, what happened? Why are you leaving?” John asked trying to remain calm. He needed to remain claim if he was going to have to deal with his drunk sister. Getting angry and shouting would just make it worse.
Sherlock and John reconnect while Mycroft discover he's in a trap.
Sherlock hesitated then turned directly towards John. “Someone paid Hope to kidnap me. Hope was trying to get me back so he could deliver me to them.”
“Then you should hurry. The sooner you go the police the sooner we will be able to go to Northumberland Street and capture this killer.” Sherlock said with a dismissive tone.
“So I’ve been informed. I take it he is still in bed.”
“I consider myself a devotee the art of the interrogation. The Chinese have come up with some remarkable practices. Kia quen is a method of using bamboo boards that open and close like the wings of a butterfly to crush a man’s foot. Then there are the Spanish. The Inquisition used the Mancuerda to extract confessions. That entails using ropes to cut through a man’s flesh right down to his bones. Excruciating I am told.” Mycroft smiled. “But I believe the traditional British methods are the best, don’t you?”
“Where is the khazi?”
Mycroft had failed Sherlock when their parents died. He failed him with Victor Trevor and now he had failed again.
“If you provide me with the name, then I will consider rescinding the conservatorship.”
At the sound of the slamming door, John turned towards Mycroft.
“He didn’t mean it. It was an accident.” Sherlock whispered as he slowly let out his breath.
“Can’t stop.”
“Yes, the arse.”
“Yes, I . . . that’s true. But he wasn’t a very nice man.”
“But why did you do what he asked?” Mycroft pushed.
“Watson what’s wrong?” Morelly asked. “Was your place robbed?”
He remained standing in the middle of the room as if he was facing a firing squad.
“If you try to fight, he will be shot first.” The stranger said.
“I can’t call you for a couple of weeks but I’ll write often.” John said, without looking at Sherlock.
“They were not. And as to their authenticity,” Mycroft opened the file and removed a CD and handed it to Dimmit. “This is a copy of the entire day from that specific CCTV camera. You may check it out with other CCTV recordings. That is your killer. He is not Mister Watson or Mister Holmes. I believe that will conclude their involvement in your inquiries.”
“Yes, for me. Hope and Openshaw won’t be the only people after me. Most of the captains of the pirate fleet will be looking for me.”
Sherlock bent down and closed his mouth over John’s bond mark. As John pushed, Sherlock gently closed his teeth over their mark. The rush of John’s scent over his tongue as John let out a final shout. Their child coming into the world.
Blackwood nearly shouted in surprise. He didn’t realize that the man sitting on the deck was aware he was there.
“Of course, why wouldn’t I be?”
“Do you honestly think any of us still believe that?” Eddy asked as he started to heat water in a pot on the hob.
“Absolutely. Didn’t you get any sex education growing up?” John asked.
John stopped Sherlock from saying anything else as he pushed his lips into Sherlock’s. He kissed and nipped at the younger man’s mouth. Sherlock’s shirt fell to the floor and John moved over to Sherlock’s neck. Kissing down the man’s collar bone and across his chest.
Sherlock grabbed the bottle John had been drinking from. He brought it down hard over Moran’s wrist. The glass shattered and the brown liquor splashed over the three of them. Moran hissed as he twisted. The gun fired. It was loud in the small room. Sherlock grunted and fell backwards.
Sherlock looked away and immediately saw another nude man, kneeing before another. The kneeling man had his mouth wrapped around the other man’s cock. The standing man’s hand clutched the kneeling man’s hair, holding him still, as he fucked the man’s mouth.
Sherlock’s fingertips brush through John’s singed hair. It’s not as soft as he remembered it but it is real. It is solid. John is real. He is not a ghost.
“Please send him in.” Mycroft glanced at his brother. “Sherlock, if you would please excuse us. I believe I need to speak to Detective Sergeant Lestrade alone.”
He took the pipe back and took another mouthful of smoke. It was easier now to hold the smoke in his lungs longer. He breathed in deeply.
“I refuse!” Sherlock tried to sit up but the restraints held him down.
“How so?” Mycroft picked up another missive and started to read it.
“When I was questioning Jefferson Hope, he told me that I had an admirer. Someone who told him about me. When he lay dying on the floor, he told me the man’s name was ‘Moriarty’. It can’t be a coincidence.”
John smiled as he opened the box from one of the exclusive men’s shops west of Piccadilly. John almost gasped when he saw the sapphire blue silk robe. He dragged his fingers across the smooth fabric. He had never seen anything so beautiful to wear before. A small tear formed in the corner of his eye. He pulled the robe out of the box and held it up. It would fit him perfectly. Then he noticed the other garments in the box. John slung the robe over his arm and picked up the next piece of clothing. It was a pair of black silk boxers in John’s size. He had not seen anything so common place seem so lurid as a pair of silk pants. There were three in the box. A black pair, a blue pair the same color as the robe and a red pair.
“Heard you pissed off the captain already.”
“If you do anything to John . . . if you try to harm my alpha in any way, I swear I’ll never work with you again. I’ll never solve another case for you.” Sherlock threatened in a harsh whispered voice.
Suddenly, everything slowed down. The flash from the IED was white. It roared in their ears. John watched as the Humvee in front of them abruptly lift off the ground on the left side. It seemed to float up into the air. The vehicle spun in the air to the right and landed upside down on the side of the road.
James Sholto meets Sherlock Holmes.
The ship was already listing to starboard and was ten feet lower in the water than it had been when the Morstan first fired on her.
Sherlock was franticly pacing in the lobby of the building. His dark coat billowing out behind him. His dark curls even messier than normal by his frequent hair tugs. As soon as he saw John, he rushed forward and wrapped his arms around the young man.
