I don't either.  I've spent two years speaking to the memory of you, John.  I don't know what to do now that you're in front of me. I don't say this.  "I've missed you," is what I say, again.
I swallow thickly, trying not to dwell on what it means that even Mycroft knows nothing of this mysterious client or the man I’m meant to befriend and take down.  I turn off my mobile, toss it on the coffee table, and curl up on the couch. I need to think. If I’m going to handle this case properly, I must prepare. Must attempt to tune out the rest of the world and work on quieting the noise.
A flood of pink and blue lights leap across the dance floor where swarms of people chat animatedly, sipping cocktails—few of them actually dancing.  The pop music that’s accosting my ears has a heavy bass that thrums through my body, rattling my bones and provoking what will surely become a piercing headache.  I’ve got to get out of here—need to make this quick.
“I should call Rosie,” He whispers, lips lightly brushing my neck.  Yes, he should. We’re on our fourth day here and he hasn’t spoken to her once.  I have failed—until now—to consider the sacrifice he’s made to be here with me. He’s an incredible father, and they’re very close.  He must miss her immensely. “Don’t want to move,” I smile against his shoulder. Neither do I.
After two weeks of silence and increasingly desperate voicemails and text messages, never once returned—Mycroft had intervened.  He’d scooped John off the street during one of his Tesco runs and made him listen, made him understand why Sherlock had left him.
John kisses him for tolerating his gentle teasing, then rests his cheek against the comforting expanse of his chest once more.  John’s arms circle his narrow waist, palms flat against soft fabric.
He knows a dead end when he sees one, just as he knows there are things that Sherlock has been holding back.  He can feel them trying to escape into the silence that so often surrounds them.  He can see them when their eyes meet and hold for just a beat too long.  He—
“Fabulous,”  Ben says, watching as we shift around to lean on each other.  “You two are fuckin’ cute, you know?” His finger dances through the air in our general direction.  John lets out a huff of laughter as I scowl. Ben just grins, scribbling his number on a piece of paper and sliding it across the bar in front of John.  “Text me for details,” He says. “I’m getting out of here before your new best friend stops staring from the corner and decides to come over,” He downs the last of his drink, leans over the bar to peck Adam on the lips, and strides out the door.
It’s probably why he misses Sherlock even when they're three miles apart, when they’re a stairway apart, when he’s two feet away.  It’s habit, at this point, and logic be damned.
Silence falls over them, the moment stretching out a bit uncomfortably, with only the quiet splash of Rosie’s pebbles to interrupt the gradually building tension.  John is sure that whatever the source of this unrest may be, it isn’t him.  He happens to be beyond thrilled with this place, with this day, with the two people in his immediate vicinity—But he can feel it.  And it’s growing impossible to ignore.
Now he stares at John, chest heaving, curls windswept where they tumble over his forehead, eyes bright and expectant.  John stares back candidly, heart absolutely roaring, and allows Sherlock to see everything—to see exactly how he feels, to see exactly how his insides are lit like a bloody galactic nucleus.  He wouldn’t have a clue what that meant, having deemed all knowledge of the cosmos beneath him, but the simile fits the scale of John’s feelings.
“No,”  Sherlock says softly.  “Not always.  For years now, though.  And tonight.  Certainly tonight,”  John combs his fingers through soft, dark curls.
We march down the stairs and out the door to the idling car at the kerb.  Mycroft isn’t good for much, but his constant interference does save on cab fare.  Our armed guards are waiting as we climb in the back. They nod at us, all sleek black suits and slicked back hair.  I nod back, flinging my arm around John. We’ve been together mere days and I’m already showing signs of possessive behavior.  I wonder if this sort of thing is acceptable. I make a mental note to ask John about his thoughts on public displays of affection.  He just looks up at me and smiles.
“Ah—what?”  It goes without saying that his brows are now raised in amused confusion.  He has grown quite used to these random outbursts from the mind of Sherlock Holmes.
“Wouldn’t dream of it,”  John shrugs, looking past her tense frame to the tiny room beyond.  “Was only going to say that this pisspoor excuse for a bedroom is nicer than your entire flat,”  She rolls her eyes, shoves at his shoulder.
John looks over and catches me staring at him.  “It’s odd to be here, now,” He looks out of place.  A fish out of water. “I feel like I’ve spent the last few days slowly walking out of the mist I’d been living in.”  That I understand. Straddling reality. Only returning completely now that we’ve anchored each other down.
“Glad you boys could make it!  Come in, grab a drink,” Ben says enthusiastically, nodding toward the house.  “Hugo and Danny just got here. You’ll like them, they’re an easygoing sort, you know?”  I don’t, really. I wouldn’t call anyone in my life
“Seen Mycroft lately?”  He asks, turning to me with a smirk.  I grin. The image had me thinking of my brother as well.
I know now that I’ll be ready to face whatever will come.  Letting my cheek rest against his silver-gold hair, I’m as content as I’ve ever been.  Calm. Quiet.  I close my eyes.
We’re in motion again, ducking behind the husks of old cars, edging ever closer, prepared to intervene if it comes to that.  But something feels--off. Jones isn’t moving.
everything had been installed and the chaos and power tools had vacated the cottage, thank you very much.  She had been visibly impressed and coolly complimentary as she wandered around the house, taking it all in—but hadn’t asked a single question about the absolutely ridiculous (but surprisingly beautiful) custom copper slide wrapped around their spiral staircase, which should have been John’s next clue that this was coming.  Molly is rarely so reticent these days.  He sighs, following her outside, sharing a knowing look with Sherlock as he walks past their still-giggling forms.
“My feelings about--interpersonal relationships, in general--have changed, in my years away.  Now that I’ve returned, it’s--important to me, to hold on to them. I am not an easy man to care for,”  I hesitate, not entirely sure what I’m trying to say here. “I can’t lose John. Over this.” I sound a bit desperate.  But that is the real issue, I suppose. How many panic attacks, how many tears, how many black moods will it take to drive him away?  A person can only take so much.
John weaves our fingers together where they lie on his stomach.  I smile against his skin as we fall contentedly into sleep.
I’m glad, too.  I’ve never been one to make a fuss over Christmas, but this year I’ve so much to be grateful for.  I can’t even begin to deny that I’m looking forward to it. “Let’s make it a tradition,” I say.
I stand staring down at my bed—hands on hips—at two very different options of apparel I’ve laid out.  On the left, a black suit. My daily getup. Trustworthy attire. Also quite likely to make me stand out like a sore thumb in this town of bikinis and board shorts.  On the right, slim black jeans and a fitted white t-shirt. I know which to choose. Obviously I do. But must I?
I scoff.  “Please,” Not sure I could ever fully explain that one to him.  But it certainly wasn’t love. Infatuation, perhaps. Something like that.  A compelling adversary. And she did have a certain--something--underneath the desperation and false bravado.  A certain warmth.
.  And either response would be true--but I’m here to solve my problems, not just to imply that I may have them.  “You know who I am? What I do?” He nods. No use pretending when my face is plastered all over the news. Will save me a lot of preamble.  I’ll be blunt. “I’m here because while I was off feigning death for two years, I was captured, tortured and interrogated. Even before that, I was living in solitude with a constant sense of unease.  Now that I’m back home, I’ve managed to find myself in a relationship with the man I’ve loved through all of it,” I pause, unsure how to phrase the last of it. “--and despite being hardly able to believe my good fortune--I’m a bit of a mess.” I conclude, lamely.  But that about covers it.
“What about the two of you?”  He says suddenly—cutting Hal off mid-sentence—the first words he’s spoken all night.  “Tell us your story,” Hal looks briefly mutinous, but recovers quickly, agreeing enthusiastically and giving us the spotlight.
We’ve sat down for dinner, Lestrade finishing his long-winded explanation of the ongoing case that’s driving him up a wall.  A series of bank heists by a group known to the Yard as the Waters gang. Apparently they leave no evidence, always disappearing without a trace.  Boring.
I’ve no problem speaking up if for whatever reason I’m opposed, and I know that the same is true for you,” He pauses, returning John's growing grin, as he carefully considers his next words.  “I’m—comfortable with the physical contact.  All of it.  But I find that my confidence falters when it comes to—well, sex.  But I think it’s been—good,” He’d lowered his gaze to his once again fidgeting fingers during that last bit, and now he glances up at John through dark lashes.
“I only wanted you to see things from her perspective.  I’d hoped you would understand that I do want this—all of it, everything—it was clear to her that I always have.  I
“An elaborate plan to destroy Sherlock’s reputation.  A game of wits—one that he clearly did not win.  In the end there were three snipers, trained on Martha Hudson, Gregory Lestrade, and you, Dr. Watson.  A grand finale to James Moriarty’s great game.  An ultimatum.  Sherlock jumped to spare your lives.  An easy decision for him, I assure you,”  John gapes, eyes wide, apparently absolutely horrified by this information.  Oh, hell.  He leaps up off the sofa, begins pacing the small room, both hands balled into tight fists at his sides.  After several minutes of this, he stops, turns to face Mycroft head on.
say any of the more crude lingo, even inside his own head.  Was originally going to only use the proper terminology for everything, but that's not really sexy, is it?  Hope my mix of poetic verbiage, overuse of 'erection' and occasional use of 'cock' is working for you all.  It's been fun.  ✖‿✖
John knows it the moment he steps through the door of 221B, arms laden with Tesco bags and shoulders hunched with the weight of the day.  It’s too quiet in the flat.  Too bloody still.  The clinic had been a madhouse.  Flu season is upon them, and John is sick of it.  Sick of sick.  But (hallelujah) he himself is not ill.  The man currently occupying the couch, however—
We tidy ourselves up as much as is possible with the limited resources of a medieval garden shed.  Stride back out to face the world, a bit rumpled, bit wrecked, but hand in hand.
“Shall I open them?”  Not entirely sure what is going on here.  He nods, looking a bit wary. I tear open the envelope dated
She’s unimpressed, determined to push this.  God, he needs another drink.  Draining the last dregs of his pint, John sets the glass on the bar, watching (stalling) as the barman slowly makes his way through the shouted orders of the cluster of Yarders gathered to his right.  The man spots his empty glass, they exchange a nod and a fresh pint appears at John’s elbow.  He turns back to Molly, who’s waiting expectantly for a response.  He lets out a resigned sigh.
After speaking with John about my fears, I feel sure that they can be conquered, with time.  He’s right that nothing has really changed—I just have new demons looming, projecting an unfortunate past onto a promising future.  I know now that I don’t want to hide away, to find something else, to play it safe. It isn’t who we are. It isn’t what we do. For now, we’ll take things slowly.  We’ll prepare and acclimatize to our new reality. And eventually, gradually, we’ll get back to what we know.
“Greg,”  John laughs.  He scoops the soft bit of fabric up to look at the tag.  “You’re a terrible liar.  And you’ve picked one in my size,”  He adds, folding it neatly and setting it back on the shelf.  “You’re only buying this to be contrary,”  Sherlock ignores this.
“Henry,” John nods in greeting as we approach.  Hal slides into the booth next to Henry, and I follow, keeping a fair amount of distance between us.  When John drops down to my right, his shoulder bumps mine, and we share a brief glance. He smiles. Leans in slightly and doesn’t move away when I reach for my pint and our arms brush.  My heart leaps lightly at the contact. I’ve told myself that I’ll need to get used to it—that even if we’re going to be subtle about this, we’ll likely end up in these scenarios—closer than we’ve ever really been, regularly invading one another's personal space.
“Let’s retire that nickname, Sally.  Bit uninspired at this point, don’t you think?” John bites out this touching display of defense before I can even formulate a retort.  “And we can probably go ahead and stop questioning Sherlock’s ability to severely outwit the entire Met, while we’re at it.” His tone is clipped, unforgiving.
“You were behaving like an obnoxious dick,” John breaks through my desolate thoughts with this blunt statement.
We’ve settled into our chairs, John occasionally smiling at me over his laptop.  He’s editing his blog entry again—nearly ready to click
Sherlock’s lips are so soft, so careful against his own.  His tremulous breaths spill secrets he’s not yet dared to speak aloud.  His delicate fingers loosen their grip on John’s shirt and make their way to his cheeks, cradling his face as he moves in again, seeking out John’s willing mouth.
) as she was leaving.  I’m quite touched by this series of texts, despite a rather shocking absence of both capitalization and punctuation.
“Hi,” He almost whispers, clearing his throat and setting both mugs on the bedside table beside the digital alarm clock he’d bought Sherlock in their previous life together.  He’s already made up his mind to be bold, so he hesitates for only a moment before slipping beneath the duvet and resuming his spot at Sherlock’s side.
“Hello,”  Rosie says a bit shyly, dragging her gaze away from the telly where she’s been watching some claymation holiday programme from the seventies.  She lights up when she sees the frankly massive bag of gifts that Harry has in tow.  “Are they for me?”  John rolls his eyes.  It had taken a few visits for Rosie to warm up to Harry.  They hadn’t spent much time together until this year.  But things are better now.  For Harry and for the rest of them.  And Harry had learned early on that if she brought presents, she could simply bribe her way into Rosie’s heart.
John is still sleeping soundly when the sun begins to rise.  He looks quite young when he sleeps. Face smoothed out and free of worry.  I wake him by sitting at his side, running my fingers along his temples, through his hair.  He stirs when I press my lips to his forehead, then the space between his eyes. “Time to get up,” I whisper when his eyelids flicker open.  “
"I'll see you again, right?  I'll see you soon?" I'm not going anywhere, John.  Not again. Not ever.
“Thanks,” He accepts the mug and leans briefly against my side.  I still haven’t said a word, I realize. Still a bit lost in thought.  “All right?” He studies me for a moment, no doubt seeing the constant stream of questions written all over my face.  “Want to talk?” I suppose we should. I nod toward the living room and he follows me to the couch, where we perch facing one another, coffees in hand.  He watches me, waiting. I want to ask him, yet again, to move back to Baker Street—but I’m not sure I could handle another rejection. Especially not now.  I want to know what’s next for us.
Molly is telling John and Mrs. Hudson about a body that recently came into the morgue, wearing two pairs of pants.  “Just give me one good reason,” Molly breathes out between giggles, “Why a person would need to wear two pairs of pants.”
“I haven’t got anything for you to unwrap,”  Sherlock says once he’s gotten his voice back a bit.  “Since you
“Quite,”  Sherlock grins, panting lightly and looking like he can hardly believe his good fortune—grey eyes alight in way they've never quite been before.  “Home, I think.”
“I thought it would be nice,” Mummy says in a pale impersonation of innocence as she sets a plate in front of John.  “All of us together.”
John’s mind supplies the well-known, well-loved, much-sung and oft-listened to lyrics.  His feet carry him forward until he stands just before the man who’s currently accosting his senses from every bloody angle and gently pressing at the tender ache in his chest.
“This is humiliating,”  Harry sits on her bed, glaring petulantly as John folds a pair of jeans and sets them neatly in her duffel.  He rolls his eyes.
“That happened years ago,”  John says, smiling wryly.  “Sherlock, I don’t know what you’re so worried about.  I know you.  And I’ve already chosen to be with you—in whatever way works for us.  I thought that you were just opposed to having a physical relationship—or, well—”  He swallows, feeling awkward as ever.  “—a sexual one.  I had intended to tell you that wouldn't be a problem.”
“Harry,”  Sherlock nods, stepping out of the kitchen where he’s just pulled a tray of mince pies from the oven, dropping it onto the giant butcher block island without much thought.  He strides toward them, kisses her on the cheek before pulling her into a genuine embrace.  They’d got on swimmingly from the start.  They hadn’t really had occasion to meet in years prior, but the two of them had taken to each other instantly when she began coming around over the summer.  They bonded, it seemed, over a shared love of relentlessly teasing John.  “Rosie, say hello.”
He nods.  “Yeah, Sherlock.  Of course you are.  You likely have PTSD from whatever you went through, although I don’t know the details, so it’s only a guess,”  Could that be? Hadn’t considered it. Would explain many of my new habits and unfamiliar thought processes. “I’m no psychiatrist, so don’t take my word for it.  But you know I have experience with such things. With trauma,” He does, doesn’t he. He’s been diagnosed with PTSD. He’d recognize the signs. “You have nightmares as well,” He adds, offhandedly.  Do I? I thought they had abated since John and I began sharing a bed. Have I been waking him in the night?
“We’ll talk tonight,”  Sherlock says quietly as he runs the towel through his hair, then tosses it to John.  “But as far as boundaries go, I’m not sure that I have any with you,”  John rolls his eyes, grinning and feeling warm all over.  He doesn’t find that entirely impossible to believe—Sherlock’s idea of boundaries has always been more lax than the average human’s.  But he remains certain that they’ll need to have a conversation—to decide what’s next for them, to maintain the open communication they’d worked so hard to achieve.
Sherlock slides a hand up John's chest, his neck—lingering for a moment along his jaw before combing long fingers through silver hair, nails dragging lightly over his scalp.  He leans in, lips meeting John’s softly, briefly, then in one swift motion rolls right on top of him, the full weight of his body pinning John to the sheets.  All his breath leaves him in a huff, followed by a fit of giggles—because this is ridiculous.  Sherlock is
I stare intently at the screen where it rests in my shaky hand.  Watch the three tiny dots appear, disappear, appear. I’m unsurprised that he’s struggling to respond.  I didn’t expect this to be easy. The last time we saw one another we certainly couldn’t find the words, and it’s only gotten worse in the months of near silence that followed.
I start a pot of coffee while John fries up eggs and sausages.  We hurriedly eat breakfast, discussing all that we have to do today to prepare for our guests.  John and Mrs. Hudson decorated the flat on Monday, while I was at my session with Joel. When I returned, I was struck a bit dumb by their festive display, but the holiday cheer is undeniable.  White fairy lights shine in the windows at all hours of the day, pine boughs line the mantel, a large wreath graces our door. And naturally, they’ve placed mistletoe just inside—forcing all who enter to pass beneath.  In the two days since it appeared, John has dragged me over and snogged me senseless no less than seventeen times.
“Yeah, fine,”  He nods, eyes flicking toward the barkeep who’s just approached, eyeing John with wide eyes and a raised brow.  “Aoife,”  He smiles at her hesitantly.
considered just marching in—I’m growing impatient with our lack of progress.  He knows that he’s never been able to stop me when I’m determined, and my brother doesn’t have much pull here in America if we do get into a bind.  Plus, it is clear from my research that these men have gone to great lengths to keep outsiders out. Even I can’t outwit an electric fence.
They touch, now.  Beyond Sherlock’s general lack of regard for personal space, they touch.  They touch with affection—a hand on the small of John’s back as they stride, side by side, into a restaurant for a not-date dinner.  A squeeze to Sherlock’s shoulder as John hovers behind him to read the details of a case.  Warm breath against skin.  Fingers brushing unnecessarily but reassuringly nonetheless.  Sherlock takes every opportunity to put his hands on John.
“Got a bit carried away,” Molly laughs, picking up some sort of furry creature clearly made by Rosie and handing it to me.  “She’s very creative, you know,” This is directed at John, who grins.
“Yes well,” I clear my throat, tearing my eyes away from him reluctantly.  Best not get distracted. “We still don’t know who. Or
succeed, with me—although I have a feeling I wasn’t his intended target,”  His hand moves to the small of my back, pulling me closer. “Henry has made it clear to us that Hal is a violent, vengeful, manipulative man.  We’ve known him all of a week and we’ve already seen some of that. What if he suspects you’re on to him? What if you piss him off? We can’t create a situation where he has a chance to hurt you.  We’ll find another way,” I suspect John can’t help but consider the many times I’ve run off without him. It never does seem to end well, in situations such as this—a memorable example being the day I found myself alone with Moriarty and was forced to jump from a rooftop and disappear for several years.  His concern is genuine, and I love him for it.
“I love you,” Another whisper.  I turn my head to look at him, expecting to see some form of doubt on his face.  Reluctance, remorse.
I won’t do this to myself.  Abruptly I stand up, pulling my arm back and nearly tripping over the heavy stool in my haste to get away.  A horrible scraping sound against the concrete floor as I shove it out of my path and flee, ignoring John’s protests and not looking back.
“He did it for us,”  John croaks, removing his hands from his pockets to hover fisted at his sides once more.  “He did it to save
“Yes, I—I’d noticed,”  Sherlock nearly whispers.  He takes a deep breath of salty air, shivers a bit in his thin silk shirt as a chill begins to creep in with the breeze.  “You’ve seemed—”
She means it to be cruel.  Accusatory.  She wants to rile him up.  But John is done with denying any part of himself or anything that he might feel for Sherlock, so she can take her negativity and go suck a fuck.
She’d thought they were just flatmates.  Yeah, she’d read the blog—knew full well that he’d managed to become infatuated with the infuriating bastard.  It was no secret that the man was a source of excitement for her battered and bored brother.  He’d shown up in his life at a crucial juncture and pulled him out of a gaping pit of despair with the sheer force of his insufferable personality.  But John had always shouted his heterosexuality from the rooftops.  He’d made it crystal fucking clear that he was a solid zero on the bloody Kinsey scale and that despite Harry’s suspicions and incessant teasing in their youth, there was nothing more to be said on the matter.  Eventually, she’d chosen to believe him—and therefore thought that the rumours of there being more between the two of them were just that.
“I’ve let you down,” John sobs quietly into his neck.  Sherlock holds on tighter, deeply unsettled by the revelation that he’s felt this way, evidently for a very long time.
Rosie chooses this moment to abruptly fling open the door just beside them.  John turns, startled, to find her grinning from ear to ear.
The week seems to roll by on a wave of tinsel and laughter and holiday movies on the telly and late-night gift wrapping and homemade sweets.  Not to mention a rather memorable case involving a spouse-killer they’d tracked down, only to find him dead of exposure in his own back garden.  John had chosen to title it
“I know,”  Sherlock smiles his secret smile, weaving their fingers together and nudging the trolley forward.  “Let’s get home.  We’ve got three hours to hide all this and get the tree up.”
We lunge at each other.  The wine, the joy of the evening--as well as the exhilarating feeling of being out to our friends--all combine to create a heavy cloud of lust around us.  We’re scrabbling at one another, pulling at shirts and unbuttoning trousers with fumbling fingers.
I jerk awake—take in my surroundings.  In bed. With John. The beach house. Right.  A soft knock on the door. Must have been what woke me.
I look at him now, standing in this place he reluctantly chose as his home, and see exactly the state I left him in when I fell off that roof and out of his life.  I wondered once--staring at the back of his head on that bench by the lake--if he had been lost, as I had been. I see clearly now that he had.
Harry’s up before us.  We hear the clattering of pots and pans in the kitchen and share a grin as we listen to the sounds of her trying to make breakfast.  We decide to stay put and see what comes of her attempts..
encouraged me to respond,”  A pained expression on his face.  He had called me an idiot for not pursuing her, but I had been grappling with the fact that I was falling in love with
“Sherlock—”  John sounds wrecked.  They’ve not found their way here yet—talked about it, sure.  Vaguely.  Sherlock quickly made his interest in exploring the depths of his body known.  But this is—
“What’s gotten into you two?”  Lestrade mumbles, mouth full of eggs benedict.  “You haven’t stopped bloody grinning since you showed up.”  It’s true. We haven’t. But I’m not about to dignify his inane observations with a response.  When we’d told the two of them of our new relationship they’d all but laughed in our faces—Lestrade claiming that he’d thought we’d been together for years.  Molly was very happy for us, but not remotely surprised.
Mrs. Hudson, who had nearly fainted when we told her that John was moving back in, instructed us to donate his old bed if we didn’t want it—so we did.  We’d let her know that we were creating a space for Rosie upstairs, but didn’t exactly elaborate on why one bed is suddenly enough for both adults in the flat.  She didn’t ask. She’s always assumed that we were together, anyway.
As it turns out, Maxwell Chambers was a long time client of Esme Knoll.  He had a rare and incurable respiratory insufficiency, and paid her well to keep his mind off of it.
“You do, don’t you,” A smirk.  I roll my eyes. “He’ll be here soon,” He hesitates.  “You haven’t been like this at all since you’ve been back, is everything all right?”  He eyes my bouncing knee, my knuckles rapping impatiently on the round wooden table. Haven’t the faintest.  Doesn’t seem like it though, does it? Is this not good? Should I be concerned? Bit wound up, aren’t I? “Sherlock?”
She had gotten into the second car and taken off in the other direction, while the first went back the way we’d come.  A solid enough plan, when dealing with idiots. These men have the means to do whatever is necessary to take her down, and yet they’ve resorted to following her in circles and being fooled by the oldest trick in the book.  No doubt, she has shown her superior intellect over the last two years—made it clear that she’s got some sort of failsafe in place. It’s why they went after Isla—her lover, her heart—and continue to keep their distance. They’re playing the long game.
with a man before.  It’s hardly felt relevant—having loved Sherlock so deeply for such a long time—but in practice, he’s entirely out of his depth.  And, in general—it’s been awhile.  He hasn’t sought out any sort of relationship (or even a single sexual encounter) in four years, knowing full well that no one else would compare to the man who shares his home and holds his heart.  Not even close, not ever.  He’d learned that lesson the hard way.  And so all of this feels a bit—novel—and, well—rather staggering, if he’s being honest (and he is—finally, he is).  A scenario he’d deemed impossible ages ago is now materializing before his very eyes and beneath his trembling hands.
“Well, I—it’s—what do we do now, John?”  That voice.  Low, serious.  Concerned, maybe even terrified.  John can only smile.  It seems he’s forgotten how to do much else.
“Yes,”  This comes out as little more than a rasp.  I clear my throat. “Obviously,” I say, with a bit more success.  He smiles, then turns to rummage through his luggage for pyjamas. I head for the bedroom to do the same, mind reeling as I strip off my jeans and pull on a pair of silk pyjama bottoms.  I can hardly believe that this began only yesterday. How is it possible that we were able to shift our relationship into this new realm so naturally? It’s as if once I let him in, the dam broke altogether.  John knocks on the partially-ajar door just as I’m pulling a new t-shirt over my head. Respecting my boundaries. He doesn’t know that I wish to tear them all down. I want him to be able to see all of me—literally and figuratively.  He already knows more of me than anyone else has ever cared to. I open the door, eyes lingering on his for a moment, before crawling beneath the covers. He follows.
Ruth has given us a phone number as well.  I give it a call, false persona in place--prepared to tell him he’s won a local raffle.  Stop by with his prize: an all expenses paid trip to prison. But there’s no answer. Default voicemail greeting--no information to be gained.  I hang up. We’ll just have to drop in unannounced.
God, I love him, the idiot.  He knew I needed to hear that.  I cup my hand around his nape, hold him close.  Pour all of my gratitude and staggering affection into a vehement kiss.  When we break apart at last, he’s smiling. Resumes his gentle brushing through my curls.  I begin at the end.
The reproduction medieval village is for reals.  I've never been there--never been anywhere near the Vale or even the UK--but, as it turns out, the internet has a veritable wealth of information.
“Yeah, we will.  There’s no timeline we need to follow—for any of this,”  He stands, tired of the space between them that felt so necessary ten minutes ago.  “Come on,”  He heads for the chesterfield nearest the fire, drops down sideways against the armrest and pulls Sherlock into the V of his legs, cocooning his gangly body against his chest.  John sighs under the warm weight of him, letting his fingers knead gently into the muscle of Sherlock’s shoulders.  He presses several small kisses to his temple as his eyes fall closed and a comfortable silence envelops them.
He quickly shuffles closer, eliminating the space between us, and his tongue breaches my lips--hungrily.  One hand leaves my face to grab roughly at my arse, quickly elevating the electricity that had been faintly fizzling through us.  Bodies now charged, we carry on like this--movements growing frantic, mouths wide and wild. John breaks away, panting heavily. He looks at me for a long, blazing moment, before reaching behind him for the nightstand and rummaging through the drawer.  His fingers now clutch a small bottle of lube--a remnant of a past life. Abandoned, left behind.
“Come in, John,”  I retreat into the kitchen, hoping he’ll follow.  He does. “Tea?” A nod. He leans against the worktop while I start the kettle.  I keep my back to him for as long as I dare, trying to formulate a coherent thought without broadcasting my confusion all over my face.  Can hardly believe he’s here. Is he actually considering accompanying me? Or perhaps he’s here to talk me out of it entirely. But why should he care if I leave?  We don’t see each other anymore. I reach for two cups, and turn to face him at last. He’s watching me, his expression contemplative.
to know—immediately, if not sooner.  A swell of pride rises unbidden in his chest at the thought of announcing their partnership.  He is fiercely proud of what they have.  Always has been.  But now—
They come nearly simultaneously this time, John crying out into Sherlock’s neck as their bodies still against one another, spilling over their bellies as they melt into each other’s skin.  Sherlock rests his forehead against John’s shoulder and sighs, groaning quietly when strong arms lock tightly around his slender waist.
“You know, there was a time when I believed that,” He says with a sad little smile that makes Sherlock’s heart sink and the air around them feel suddenly stifling.  Things are still too precarious between them.  It’s easy to forget that, when he’s spent the last hour dozing drunkenly against John’s chest.  John sits down on the bed, their shoulders brushing.
“Don’t look at me like that,”  John drops down on the couch, glancing up at my scowl.  “You know that he and I speak,” I do know. They’ve had their little code words for my many moods since the very start of our acquaintanceship.  It began because they believed I’d spiral out of control and turn back to the drugs. But that hasn’t happened in a long time, now. “I went to see him before I told you I was coming with you.  I wanted to know how much trouble you were getting yourself into. I would have come either way,” He holds out his hand, pulling me down next to him when I take it. “I knew the moment I’d said
“I thought I’d be dead a decade ago,”  John’s face falls at that.  “Don’t, John—I only mean to say—”  He pauses abruptly to kiss John soundly, clearly meaning for the action to amplify his next words.  John kisses him back with all he’s got, pours himself into it.  Then waits.  Listens.  “I had nothing.  You gave me everything.  I think sometimes you think it’s the other way ‘round,”  He’s a bit drunk—they both are—cheeks flushed pink and words a bit rambling.  He’s captivatingly earnest like this.  Precious, truly.  John feels warm all over.  “You gave me everything,”  He repeats.
What does that mean?  We haven’t discussed it.  If I’m being honest, I’m ready for anything—anything at all, whatever he can give me.
“Funny how a bloody coat could be such a part of a man’s identity.  It was, though.  I knew exactly what it was the second I opened the box.  Was furious, at first.”
“Mm,” Molly replies, rolling her eyes.  “He’s been at the Yard all weekend, obsessing over whatever case he’s got on.  Has hardly slept.”
“Want to spend the day with Molly?”  John asks on a whim, the words leaving his mouth before he can even think it through.  He hasn’t spoken to her about potentially taking Rosie today, but to be fair she’s never once said no—and it happens to be her day off.  Molly has been something like a friend, something like a third parent to Rosie from the very start.  An invaluable presence in their lives.  And she has made it known time and time again that she is just as thrilled to take her as Rosie is to go.
He’s certain that he never has.  The few times a year he’s consumed by them generally result in an intolerable twelve hours of debilitating pain and an even more maddening sense of desperation and inefficacy.
.  I can’t, John.  I don’t want to look at him—don’t want to see the concern in his eyes.  I take his hand but stay where I am. I can distantly hear him speaking with the driver, but the words sound foggy, faded.
think that her body spontaneously combusted?”  I know that he didn’t. Lestrade isn’t actually an idiot.  But he did lead with that theory, so it’s really as if he was
They watch the screen in silence, the rapid gunfire and constant shouting that seem to be prevalent in every tedious action film nearly drowned out by the distracting presence of John’s thumb tracing slow, comforting patterns across the arch of Sherlock’s foot.  He feels secure, lulled into a contentment he has seldom felt in the past two years.  Safe.
Rosie has always just called him by his name (or, well, a jumbled, one-syllabled version of it that sounds more like
“All right,”  Harry nods distractedly, because she’s unable to conjure any sort of eloquent response for this.  She isn’t equipped to handle this sort of thing at all, has never had to be the one who does the looking-after.  She watches her brother on the other side of the room.  He hasn’t moved—has shown no sign of noticing her presence at all.  “Thank you—I—all right,”  She rises, standing frozen for a moment as her mind tries to catch up with the current situation, eventually deciding there’s nothing for it and moving across the room to stand at his side.  “John,”  She says quietly, placing a tentative hand on his arm.  He glances up at her as if in slow-motion, eyes glassy and unsettlingly detached.
I begrudgingly mentioned Eurus and her stupid grenade only because they DID redo the flat once already and it felt necessary to acknowledge that.  But nothing about any of that ever made an ounce of sense to me, and I refuse to ever watch it again, so if it doesn't make sense just pretend it does and never tell me otherwise.  <3
Is what I’d like to ask—is what I’ve been asking myself for over half a year—but I’d rather not put him on the spot.  He sighs, dropping his head back to stare at the sky.
“Obvious.  The original owner of the dog was abusive and likely neglectful.  The neighbor, a card carrying member of PETA no doubt, witnessed this mistreatment from across the street, and decided to do something about it.  Though the original owner surely could not care less about the animal, he is a petty git and wants his neighbor to pay. Hence, contacting us to prove it’s the same dog.  The dog bit him because dogs are wise and protective companions, and he was defending his new home,” I rattle all this off and startle myself into a sitting position with the wave of relief I feel having solved a case, however mundane.  “John!”
“It’s bothering you,” He says, palm landing gently on John’s war-wounded shoulder.  John doesn’t flinch, looks up calmly into Sherlock’s eyes.  Sherlock curls his long fingers, pressing carefully into the tense muscle beneath their grasp.  “Let me,” He says.
“Oh my god,” John breathes out, entirely spellbound, gaze fixed on the ethereal being hovering above him.
And that’s still true.  Mostly.  And it’s fine.  Because John is certain, even now, that he himself would not need much more than the intimacy that naturally exists between them.  What he’s seeking is a more open version of it.  Honesty, for one.  Acknowledgement.  Commitment.  And physicality, maybe.  Not sex, necessarily—he’s pretty positive that sex isn’t ever going to be something Sherlock wants—just...affection.  Less of the forced distance between them.  Permission to curl himself around the man, to reach for his hand, brush his fingers through his curls, press his lips to his temple.  Things that he’s always felt a pull toward.  Things John believes—now that he’s come back (a bit softer, a bit quieter)—that Sherlock wants too.
he likes—but if he keeps that up he’s going to get a lot more of a reaction that he’d bargained for.  Unless—that’s—
John had been sure he couldn’t possibly feel any more for this man, his heart already bursting at the proverbial seams.  He’d been wrong.
been mentioning John at all?  Hugo laughs. “Don’t look so appalled.  That little rat will say anything to anyone who’ll listen.  I’m not generally one of those people—but he did make sure I heard that,”  He smiles at John, who’s gone silent, listening intently. “I spent seven years of my life there with the Marine Corps.  Let’s talk.”
“After I jumped—I flew straight to Tibet.  Mycroft had everything in place. A new identity, a new appearance.  There was a group of Moriarty’s—associates—there, that he’d decided would be the first to go,” A human trafficking ring.  Time was of the essence.
me,”  Sherlock huffs, shifting to meet John’s eye.  “Donovan doesn’t know about us.  No one seems to.  In an inexplicable turn of events that contradicts his every personality flaw, Lestrade hasn’t told a single soul at Scotland Yard that you and I are finally
We stride into the Rainbow, side by side, at nine twenty-three.  Our eyes are immediately drawn to the stage, where a small woman with short blonde hair is belting out a ballad that I’m not familiar with.  She’s good. Very good, actually. Perhaps this won’t be quite the trainwreck I was imagining.
that he trusted and loved before he even knew I was out there.  It’s never been easy to think about. He was the first person I ever let in, and it hurts to know that it’s not even remotely the same for him.  And
John has always been the one to protect us.  His lightning reflexes and soldier’s instincts have served us well.  And while he’s still strong and capable, he’s out of practice and unarmed—and I’m no longer able to prevent sentiment and emotion from clouding my mind.  Things have changed. Have they changed too much to keep doing this? I don’t know. I hope not.
I hurriedly break the kiss and swallow him down.  Tongue darting rapidly--tasting, savouring--cheeks slightly hollowed as he hardens in my mouth
“You didn’t tell me,”  John says quietly, eyes wide.  When did Sherlock begin doing unbelievably thoughtful, massively selfless things without letting anyone know what he was up to?  The answer to that fleeting question slams into John with the force of a rooftop fall and two subsequent years of misery.  He carefully maneuvers Rosie’s sleeping form from his lap to the sofa beside him, then slides along the leather cushion until he and Sherlock are pressed together thigh to thigh, wrapping the man’s nearest hand in both of his own.  “It’s a brilliant idea,”  John adds, watching relief begin to bloom across Sherlock’s sharp features.  Did he think that John would object?
“This place reminded me of you the moment I saw it, you know,”  Sherlock says, unlocking the front door.
John gasps, gut lurching as Sherlock moans breathily against his lips.  The sensations that this proximity brings are quite new—the feel of a rather impressive erection pressed against his own has his mind scrambling to catch up.  He breaks the kiss, leaning back slightly to meet Sherlock’s eye—to check in, really—a final goodbye to the careful distance they had come to know.  Staring resolutely into blackened depths, he sees unbridled affection, earnest desire—and an unspoken request for John to take control.
“Hello,”  John whispers.  Sherlock watches him in silence for what feels like a very long time.  He watches back.  Waits.
My mobile pings from across the room, causing my heart to lurch.  It’s been quiet for the entire forty one hours since John walked out of that diner, leaving me to sit in silence with the noise in my head.  I haven’t tried to contact him—his answer was clear. I scoop up the phone.
We’re in a cab on our way to pick her up at Molly and Lestrade’s flat, where she’s been staying while we were in Wales for the case.  The two of them found each other just over two years ago, while both of them were at a low point in life—isolated and apathetic. They sought comfort in their friendship, and it quickly evolved into something more.  They’re good together. And they’re both happier and more settled than I’ve ever seen them.
By the time six o’clock rolls around, we’ve got everything prepped and ready to go.  Toppings chopped, dough rising, wine chilling. Molly is the first to arrive. I open the door to find her fidgeting and smiling nervously--same as it ever was--so I wrap her up in hug.  “Hello, Molly. Please come in.”
“Thank you, John,”  John only sighs, continues to card through Sherlock’s hair.  He doesn’t need a thank you.  They lie together in comfortable silence, each lost in their own thoughts of the past.  John dwells, as usual, on how far they’ve come.  He’s thinking exactly that as he begins to drift, feeling warm, cherished, content.  “Oh—I’ve extended our honeymoon by a week,”  Sherlock blurts, dragging John back from the edge of sleep.
“What are you smirking at?”  Sherlock asks pointedly, voice thick with suspicion.  When John looks up, his eyes are narrowed to slits, leaning in further than is strictly proper in a not-at-all-subtle attempt at getting a look at the screen.  John bursts into giggles, pocketing the phone and taking advantage of their proximity to peck Sherlock on his unjustly lush mouth.
“No,” I hope this is the answer she’s looking for.  “Ms. Jones—Ruth—my name is Sherlock Holmes, and this is Dr. John Watson.  We’re detectives, working on a case involving your brother. We could use your help locating him.”
Also, hi.  I last updated this angsty little bugger in September.  Oops!  It's also my least popular WIP so naturally it's the one I was able to get back to first.  Been feeling VERY ANGSTY so here's a full chapter of Molly being weird.
John had gone to the loo when we’d arrived back—and now he walks out purposefully, grabbing my hand and pulling me toward the couch.  He pushes me down onto the cushions and crawls right into my lap, straddling my thighs. His arms snake around my neck, cheek resting against mine.  He’s startled me, a bit. His movements are intentional, deliberate—he’s got something on his mind. My arms gather him in, winding around the small of his back.  He sighs, breath hot against my jaw.
“There’s a package under the sink,”  She cuts him off, having made up her mind about it.  “Fetch it, please,”  She’s really not sure if this is wise.  She is certain that it isn’t her place, that it isn’t her gift to give.  But now that she’s seen what’s become of John Watson, it feels necessary—if a bit bloody reckless.
an admirer—you must join us.  We’ve just been getting to know your boy.  He’s a charming one, isn’t he?” I say nothing, eyes still locked on John’s.  What is happening here? “How long have you two been together, then?” He continues, turning to John who reluctantly breaks our gaze.
Sherlock’s lips move against John’s neck, arms tucked beneath his shoulders, fingers still woven into short silver hair.  Tugging lightly on mussed curls until he lifts his head, John kisses him hard—sharing this immense relief, this gratitude and reverence—the riotous swell of love that churns within his chest.  Sherlock seems to dissolve into him entirely, responding in a way that has John lost once again.
My thoughts drift briefly to Mycroft.  I wonder if we could have this with him.  John and Harry have had years of conflict, and yet here we all are--a little family of misfits.
I shrug a shoulder.  “I’ve never been. Somewhere new—together—sounds rather appealing.  Don’t you think?” He nods, shuffles closer. I pull him in, tuck his head under my chin.  “I’ve always traveled alone,” I add, quietly. His grip tightens around my waist, soft lips against my chest.
Grinning against Sherlock’s lips, John rolls them over, lying face to face on their sides once more.  Without hesitation, he tucks fingertips into the waistband of tight black pants and pulls back slightly to look at the man in front of him.
“This is mad,” We’re perched on plush white seats, each on one side of the aisle, in the private plane that’s supposedly taking us to San Francisco.  John’s got his chair reclined and is sprawled out, staring dazedly out the window at the clouds below. “Completely bloody barmy.” I ignore him, turning the page of the medical text I brought along to entertain myself.
asks John for assistance when he needs it, even on those occasions when he could easily just help himself.  He never hesitates to pester John relentlessly at the first sign of injury or mild discomfort (or just an inconveniently placed mobile that he’s too lazy to retrieve), so what, then, is this?
In reality, he almost certainly looks hesitant, unsure of this unprecedented leap he’s about to take.  Is taking.  Has just now taken.
Really?  When, then, did he stop being bothered by others’ faulty perceptions of him?  He certainly used to care—quite a bit, actually. If I had a penny for every time I heard the words
Sherlock has set his microscope aside on the worktop, cleared up the detritus that had littered the table just ten minutes ago.  Now he sits, hands folded in front of him, sharp grey eyes clocking John’s every move.
John is watching him softly, his features illuminated by a halo of bright, fiery light.  His silver hair glows and his dark eyes beckon like the farthest reaches of the sea in this final hour of daylight.  He is breathtaking like this, so open and free.
,” I grip his chest tightly and press my cheek to his shoulder blade.  He brings his hands up to where mine rest and holds on.
I roll out from under him and sprint to the loo, intending to lock him out and take first shower.  He catches me before I’ve even got the door shut, hands on my waist as he backs me up against the tiled wall.  We kiss fiercely, stark naked, fingers roaming across flesh. Step under the hot spray and come together with practiced hands.  By the time we step out, there’s a genuine grin plastered across my face—Happy Christmas, indeed.
Sherlock breathes.  He closes his eyes, feels his way over the expanse of John’s broad back, working his fingers into heated skin through the fabric of his t-shirt and for once relying entirely on instinct and sense, trusting his transport.  John is warm and real in front of him, solid beneath his roaming hands.  His chest rises and falls as he gradually slumps forward, quiet but for his increasingly ragged breaths.
Fingers weaving their way into curls and eyes squeezing shut, John presses his lips to Sherlock’s forehead, his temple—scattering kiss after kiss across the surface of his skin—heart thrashing and inhibitions crumbling with each unrestrained show of affection.  He can feel Sherlock shaking against him, breath quickening, long fingers threading through John’s own hair.  He can feel, too, the moment when Sherlock sheds his doubt—tilting his head up to seek out John’s mouth.
“You wouldn’t,”  The look of scorn on his face at the mention of a plastic tree dissolves the annoyance of a moment ago.  John smiles.  Just a small one.  Sherlock has been behaving like an overgrown child since the second they stepped out of the Land Rover and wandered into this lot of chopped down, tied up fir trees.  His enthusiasm is contagious and John finds it absurdly charming—mostly.  It’s a bit bloody much, but he loves him for it.  Loves him for the rather overwhelming excitement he’s shown in the last few days about the fast-approaching holidays.
“I know,”  A wink. I roll my eyes, though I quite admire the confidence.  Seems he’s perked up since we saw him last. “Been chatting with my man, I hear.  You’ve got him on edge,” Ah yes. Naturally, Adam wasted no time texting Ben about our impromptu interrogation.  “He’s worried he spilled a little too much information about our girl. Says you ambushed him,” He directs this at me, though his tone is lighthearted—teasing, not accusatory.
“Well actually,” John closes the laptop and sets it aside.  “Greg mentioned he might have something for you. A new one that’s got them stumped.  He can tell you about it tonight.”
I watch all of this unfold with a smug sense of glee.  My mother is a complicated woman. She’s much like Mycroft in her cold set of beliefs and general mistrust of all living creatures--but with a warmer interior.  She can’t help but question John’s motives when it comes to her frigid, unyielding youngest son; it’s in her nature after all. But I can see he’s already found his way through her walls.  He does that, my John.
,” John whispers urgently as we crouch behind a hollowed out minivan, three metres away.  Indeed, he’s sitting in the driver’s seat, both palms on the wheel, a shiny silver pistol clutched in his right hand.  Hasn’t started the vehicle. Has made no move to open the gate. “What--”
it,” Lestrade slams his hand down on the table, causing Molly to jump. “I bloody well knew it.  What the bollocksing hell took you so long?”
is the Talking Heads song that the story is named after.  You know it.  Everyone does.  I used lyrics from the song throughout.
1. Sherlock had taken one look at the neat little row of vodka shots set before him, spared John a single glance, then downed them all in rapid succession.
world, want his focus on me—so I crawl into his lap, bury my face in his t-shirt—arms snaking around his back to pull him in.  He huffs, carefully placing the book on the couch beside us and running his fingers through my hair. He says nothing, only continues to card through my curls, his other hand coming around to scratch lightly up and down my back.  After a few minutes of this, he slips his hand beneath my shirt, continuing the soft scrape of his fingernails against my skin. It feels incredible—intimate—his cool hand brushing lightly against my flesh. It’s comforting, being held like this.  To be able to turn to him in a moment of frustration and receive only consolation and calm in response—I never dared dream that such a thing was possible for us.
After a quiet hour on a train back to Sussex, we’re now sitting silently in the back of a cab.  My forehead pressed against the cool window—I feel remote—detached and isolated. None of the post-case elation that usually courses through me.  My mind is hung up on the fact that this path I’ve chosen could one day cost me John.
me?  Elaborate.  And tell us why you’re here, while you’re at it,” Henry looks up at me, slightly alarmed, tapping away on his mobile once more.  “I’ll have the phone,” I say, holding out my hand. He hesitates, then quickly locks it and hands it over. What’s he hiding, then?
Kenneth Jones has proven to be a difficult man to find.  He owned that house until 1987. Sold when he lost his job at the local industrial chemical plant.  Obvious. The drum. Last known address was a rental property only a few kilometres from here, but he hasn’t lived there in nearly a decade.  This is as far as the local police have gotten. I intend to go deeper.
anything,”  He eyes John warily—he’s well aware of his stubborn determination when he gets an idea in his head.
Greg has seen the man only twice in the last year:  Once when he’d apparently come storming into his office at the Yard, all thunder and lightning and frantic, manic rage—revealing that Mycroft had taken it upon himself to give up half the plot and send John into a tailspin.  And once to give him an old DVD he’d found of Sherlock stumbling his way through a birthday greeting.
“Yes,” I breathe out.  He slides off of me, lies down at my side.  Rubs his palm up and down my spine.
“I don’t understand why you still give that bastard the time of day,”  No, she wouldn’t understand.  She never could.  “He was a pompous prick even before he killed himself in front of you and left you to rot,”  She’d met him only once.  On John’s birthday that first year at Baker Street.  It was immediate, mutual disdain.  “And now you’ve ditched your bloody
“I’m not sure at the moment, I’m afraid,” I pause, suddenly needing to get out of this room.  “I’d be happy to take a recommendation, if you have someone in mind for me.” She does. She hands me a shiny blue business card.
“We have a lead,”  We know why Hal is here, and we know that he’s got a string of missing boyfriends.  Ben, Hugo and Danny promised to ask around for their names.
“Can I really?”  She asks, face lighting up.  John glances at Sherlock, who gives him a look that says
“Indeed,”  Sherlock brushes a hand through her mop of curls.  “We’ve got plenty of space, and it’s the most logical solution,”  John isn’t too sure about that, but he’s not exactly opposed to it either.  Everything about this place is entirely mad—may as well throw a slide into the mix.  “It’s scheduled to be installed day after tomorrow.  Until then, you’re not to use the stairs without your daddy or me.  Understood?”  He looks down his nose at Rosie, his resemblance to Mycroft rather startling when he uses this tactic on her.  John laughs quietly, causing them both to glance his way.
“All right,”  John smiles as he stands, promising himself that he’ll find a way to bring this up with Sherlock later.  “Lead on.”
“Bloody brilliant,” Oh, John.  I’ll never tire of your praises.  I look over my shoulder and we share a grin.
—whatever that means—that he’s taken under his wing.  Apparently he’s had a whole string of live-in boyfriends who don’t seem to question his appalling personality.  When I’d inquired about the whereabouts of the others, I was met with shrugs.
he’s tired of hearing that.  He’d thought they were well past putting their feelings for one another into tidy boxes labeled with useless words.
“I’m an idiot,”  Not exactly eloquent, but I think it’s what he needs to hear.  “I’ve been awful,” He’s already shaking his head.
this feels good.  This startling intimacy, the relief and the novelty and the newness mixed with an aching familiarity.  This is John.  This is
I slide into John’s (old) bed, tuck myself right up behind him.  He stirs, then groans lightly. Remains still for a moment and then slowly turns to face me.  “I’m sorry, John,” It’s just a whisper. I’m afraid he’ll throw me out if I say anything more.  He looks at me strangely, then. His eyes look almost sad in the darkness of his (old) bedroom.
When have you ever had a best friend?  Plus you’re like forty.  I’d thought that was you trying to give it a name while still maintaining that you’re straight as a bloody board, which has never been true.”
“Don’t,” I snap, without looking at him.  I’m not even sure why I’m so upset. A black mood has been creeping up on me all day—since last night, really—and I’m taking it out on John.  I’ve been sniping at him all afternoon. It isn’t fair—I know that it isn’t. He’s done nothing wrong. “I’m sorry,” I say, quietly, to the street.
Eventually I stretch a bit, roll off of him to lie on my side.  He slides down to face me. We silently stare at one another. Warm blue eyes, locked on mine.
“Not sure when you started listening to my demands, but I’m glad for it.  I’ve got everything I need.  Open it.”
I haven’t slept.  Haven’t been able to quiet my mind.  Once the sobs faded and I could breathe again, I began to consider every facet of this new development and what it will mean for us.  I spent the night compiling mental lists of questions that will need to be addressed, playing out all possible scenarios for the future of our relationship, whatever it may become.  I know that I’m getting ahead of myself, but this is the way that I am. I want to know what’s next—need to know what this changes for us. But I’m hesitant to break this temporary calm that we’ve found together.
the only one who seems to question it,”  He turns his head toward me, removes his sunglasses, narrows his eyes.  “And it isn’t as if I’ve never had to work for a living, idiot,” I add for good measure.  “You know full well I was cut off for years during the drugs phase,” Not entirely sure I've managed to come across as anything but a privileged wanker, but at least I’ve said my piece.  He continues to stare for an uncomfortably long moment, then abruptly stands, suddenly hovering right in front of me. Hands on my cheeks, he presses his lips to my forehead—sending my stomach through the floor and my heart spinning wildly into the ether—then drops back down in his seat, reaching for a menu.
“What’s his sudden gripe with me?”  John asks, taking a sip and cringing when he burns his tongue.  “Thought we were getting along fine on Saturday,” Henry sighs, looking between us.
He feels himself give into the grin cracking across his face.  He’ll never be able to look at this absurd colour without jumping straight back to their first case together—their first
“What if everything changes?”  Sherlock asks bluntly.  John gives him a questioning look, not entirely sure what he means by it.  “What if everything changes for the worse?”
I shrug.  “It was nice.  They adore John, as you know.  And I’ve suddenly found myself the owner of our childhood home, which I’m sure you’re also aware of,”  Another nod. “We expected you to make an appearance.”
The conversation flows easily as we pop open a third bottle of wine.  Mrs. Hudson tells tales of her sister’s foul mouth (
“Tell me what you’re thinking,”  John tries, burrowing under ridiculously soft linens until their faces are parallel.  Sherlock sighs, softly, then swallows.
“Hello,”  I rumble, turning toward the table, where John has set the two neatly wrapped presents Mycroft had left on the mantle last night.  “I wonder what my brother has brought us this year. Perhaps a matching set of our very own umbrellas?” John turns to me and grins.
“Nine years,” she says.  Loudly.  Firmly.  Accusatorily?  John swallows around the unpleasant lump that’s forming in his throat.  She’s attempted this conversation before—or some version of it, at least—rather recently.  And he’d successfully dodged discussing it, because it’s
“I love you, too, John,”  He rumbles, moving to lie back against his chest.  “Even if you do happen to be plagued with an artless, ineffectual brain.”
He watches as the three little dots appear and disappear from the screen.  Four minutes of silence.  John sighs, decides on a bit of honesty.
He wonders if this new house will be safe for their precocious, insatiably curious daughter.  Will Sherlock have already converted the kitchen into his personal laboratory?  Will the water heater be ever unreliable and the staircase just a bit too steep?  Will they need to spend years renovating—is the place even fit for human life?  Why hadn’t he asked a single question?  For all he knows, Sherlock could have bought a bloody pirate ship and dropped it on a plot of land in the middle of Chiswick.
shouldn’t be surprised that Sherlock refuses to abide by standard phone etiquette.  And while he feels a bit bereft without
And when I’d read that you took your own life—”  She cuts herself off, swallowing thickly, her throat doing a complicated dance as her eyes drift back to John.  “Well. I suppose I’d spent a good amount of time after that wondering what the bloody hell I was doing. So when you came back, I reached out again.  Imagine my surprise when you eventually reached back,” A sad smile. “I’m sorry I never did figure out how to be your friend. I moved around for years, doing what I do—
“I don’t, no.  They’re family—they’ll have to know eventually.  Why not now?” Perhaps because he only decided
It takes them two.  After much cursing and grunting and a bit of exasperated shouting—not to mention a close call with a windowpane—they’ve managed to get the tree through the back door and into its stand.  Once the twine was cut away and the branches freed, it was revealed to be a rather gorgeous specimen.  Full and lush and lovely, its scent filling their large sitting room and making it feel unbearably cosy.  John drug a ladder in from the garage and watched bemusedly as Sherlock wrapped string after string of sparkling white fairy lights around the towering tree, eventually stepping back to admire his work.
“No worries,”  She beams.  “Have a nice evening, then,”  She disappears without another word.  There was a time when he’d have accepted the invitation—would have jumped at the opportunity to spend the evening focussing on someone,
us anything, Sherlock.  But I thought that we were in this together.  I thought we’d established that a long time ago,”  John can feel the tears welling up now.  He turns away, watches Rosie carefully drawing shapes in the sand with a stick.
John holds his breath.  He’d gone into this conversation planning to be bold—for once in his bloody life—and to learn where he stands.  But he still feels like his heart might stop dead in his chest.
He presses his mouth to the top of my spine.  Kisses a trail across my shoulder, rests his lips softly against my ear, and whispers.  “Are you okay?”
Back in control, I rip his shirt off over his head.  My fingers dance across his body, twist his nipples, lick his chest
“What do you need to speak to me about?”  He asks, tone clipped. “I need to get back,”  Fantastic—let’s add a ticking clock to this already impossible encounter.  Better get right to it, then.
Sherlock takes his time.  He lets his hands roam over planes of muscle, lingering in all of John’s softest places—then he turns John’s world inside out with relentless, competent fingers until he’s sobbing and wanting and pleading in his arms.  When at last Sherlock presses himself into John’s body, he moves in tender waves, steady rolls of powerful hips—slow and deep and so impossibly fulfilling, entirely consuming—such a clear testament to everything they are and all that they share that John can hardly breathe.
We sit in silence for quite a long while.  Each lost in our own maudlin minds. Eventually, he stands.
Things have been gradually falling into place for us, in ways that I never could have anticipated.  Each day feels like progress, each moment in his presence a gift. “All I had in mind was a lifetime with you,” I respond.  It’s the truth. It really doesn’t matter where we end up. He takes my hand, looks at me intently, and instantly I’m lost in eyes of deep blue.
We pick up Thai and head to 221B.  We almost never spend time at John’s flat.  It’s a nice place, and it’s been their home for years—but it never feels quite right.  Tonight we forgo the kitchen—John and I sit side by side on the couch, boxes of food spread out on the coffee table.  Rosie has gone straight for her stash of colouring books—I’ve kept a constant supply of them for her here—and sits crosslegged on the floor, eating noodles with one hand and colouring in a picture of a clown holding an umbrella with the other.  John watches her.
Sherlock’s love for him is on full display, here—as though his heart has taken the form of this carefully chosen home.  Eventually, Sherlock nods toward the bookshelves.
“I—had a bad night.  He’s had his bloody underlings trailing me for months, and one of them evidently called my sister to come fetch me.  I don’t know if Harry’s in on his little campaign to protect me or if Aoife just called her because they’re old mates.  Anyway, I woke up on Harry’s couch to find Mycroft sitting there like a bloody statue, speaking in riddles and behaving like a complete tosser.  Told me he wanted to
“A gift, obviously,”  She nods at John and Greg raises his brows but hands it to the man, who looks more exhausted with each second he remains trapped in their entryway.  “You don’t need to—just open it at home, John.  And I—I’m sorry if I—well, Happy Christmas, anyway,”  She leans in to kiss his cheek—tries not to react when he flinches slightly, then steps away from the door.
“Yes,” I say, turning my face into his shoulder—hiding, perhaps.  Delaying the conversation that we must soon have. He huffs, quietly.  Amused by my gracelessness. Rolls forward and takes me in his arms, enveloping my body once more.  Immediately I feel the tension begin to fade. I allow myself to relax against him, to slide an arm around his back and clutch him to me—squeeze him, really—to fully return the embrace.  He sighs, face tucked into the crook of my neck, and I shiver at the thrill of his breath against my skin. He seems to need this as much as I do—this physical reassurance. I wonder how much time has passed since he’s been close to someone like this.  A long time, if I’m not mistaken. Quite a few years.
“A slide,”  Sherlock is just behind him.  John can feel a hint of breath on his neck and the heat of him at his back as they slowly spiral their way upward at a pace set by a clumsy three year old.  He’s still not grasping how playground equipment fits into the conversation.  Bit distracted, to be frank.
We rub up against one another, an unhurried, languid hump.  My hands roam as my pelvis rocks, each small thrust planting a bloom of heat within my gut.  Sprouting and growing, vining ever upward to snake around my ribcage and suffocate my heart.
John looks over at me now, and when our eyes meet I’m positive that he’s been thinking the same things.  Thinking of our unconventional friendship, of our potential for something more. He’d remained still and quiet this morning while I held on to him, buried my face in the fabric of his shirt.  He must have been beyond surprised to find me like that. He could have shaken me off, woken me up. But he didn’t.
the one person who stuck around to pick up the pieces.  John pulls back, gasping, quickly realizing it’s come out as a sob.
“I did consider it,”  He responds, scooping Rosie up and dropping her on the bed.  “But it wouldn’t have had quite the right bounce,”  She takes that statement as the invitation it is and jumps around, holding onto both of Sherlock’s hands—both of them giggling like fools.
“Oh God, it was Irene?  Should have known that tricky bitch would be involved with this,”  He smiles. “She must have known I could use the cash.”
didn’t think that was the conversation he’d strode unhesitatingly into.  Bit blindsided, to be perfectly honest.
“You’ve got questions.  Go on, then,” Straight to the point.  I’ve always liked that about her, despite her incessant need to play games.
“Good morning, everyone,” I choke on the piece of toast I’d been in the process of ingesting as Mycroft strides in through the front door.  “I trust you’re all well?”
It occurs to Sherlock, as he pushes the pads of his fingers into an old wound, as he loosens and unspools each tightly wound knot buried deep within the body of his best friend, that this—all of it,
“Hey,”  John whispers, aeons later, once the sweat has begun cooling and the mess between them has been transferred to John’s plaid shirt and tossed to the floor.  Sherlock lets his eyes drift open, turns his head to watch John where he lies beside him, under the same duvet.  “All right?”  He asks quietly, for the third time tonight.  Sherlock finds his hand beneath the covers, weaves their fingers together.
He knows Sherlock.  Obviously.  He knows how he is when there’s a puzzle to solve.  And it’s fine.  All of it.  But it still stings, a bit, to watch his own texts pile up, unread and unreturned.  He wants to bask in this new sense of possibility hovering around them with the only person in the world who understands exactly what he’s feeling—what he’s nearly overflowing with, to be perfectly honest.  Sentiment.  Again, John smiles.
As I pace around the small, white-walled hotel room that John and I have been holed up in for the past two nights, I set aside my obsessive pondering of our current, seemingly inscrutable case, and let my mind drift.  We do this often these days, share a room. I rarely sleep on cases—and we’ve grown so comfortable in one another’s presence over the past few years that we haven’t much need for space. It’s a comfort for me to keep him close while I’m consumed by the work.  A comfort and an advantage—I think more clearly when he’s near. I told him once, years ago, that he was a conductor of light. A ridiculous turn of phrase, fuelled by my then untamed ego. Still, it’s remained true, despite everything we’ve gone through together.  He remains the most extraordinary man I’ve ever known, hiding behind a façade of mediocrity.
“You’ll be the bloody death of me,” John pants from where he lies beneath me.  “At least now I know what to do with you when you’re bouncing off the bleeding walls.”
He pulls the duvet over their heads and presses his lips to Sherlock’s brow, to each closed eyelid, sharp cheekbones, a strong, beloved jawline.  He makes it a point, still, to do this often.  It reassures them both, this small intimacy.  He can feel it.
“Good,” He smiles at his laptop.  “What about this one? This bloke’s dog runs away, and then two days later, the neighbor across the street is out in the yard with an
He stares up at me, all traces of indignation wiped from his face.  “You’re right. It doesn’t bloody matter anyway. I set out to take her down and I have,” Shakes his head once, as if trying to physically clear his mind.  “Were you able to crack both USB drives then?”
the question that’s been flashing in his head since the moment they got swept up into this whirlwind.  “So—will you, then?  Marry me?”
“Why didn’t you tell them, then?”  Honestly, he knows full well why Sherlock didn’t tell them.  It’s the same reason
--erupting into the sheets with a series of hoarse shouts.  John moans loudly into my neck and pounds down once, twice, three times more.  His hips jerk feverishly, body going rigid--sobbing and releasing all the tension he’s been holding onto--safely into the space between my thighs.
misguided notion in his head all these years?  I hardly knew her. Admittedly, no one—aside from Moriarty, obviously—had ever caught my attention quite so thoroughly.  I was fascinated by her intellect and how she chose to wield it—her provocative world was so foreign to me, at the time. But the excessive flirtation between us was only part of the game.  She was accustomed to men eating out of the palm of her hand—then turning on them the moment she had something to hold over their heads. But she had failed to seduce me.
“John,” He whispers, and without a thought finds that one long arm has wound its way around to clutch at John’s back, the other following to wrap him up entirely—needing to comfort, to protect, like it’s somehow second nature to just reach for him.  Like this is somehow easy for them.  John accepts the embrace immediately, turning his body inward and tucking his legs up under him as he snugs up against Sherlock’s chest.  “You can let it go,”  He whispers fiercely into John’s hair.  “It’s in the past.”
“Yes,”  John sighs.  More silence.  Something bites inexorably at the back of his mind—a visceral prickle, a well-entrenched sense.  He can feel words being held back, can hear the hesitance in Sherlock’s slightly unsteady breathing. “What is it?”
He’d liked it, and he’d told Sherlock as much.  He had not, however, expected him to remember such a mundane statement, or even to be listening at all.
John tugs gently, urging Sherlock closer.  He goes, pressing his forehead to John’s reassuringly solid shoulder and resting his palm atop his chest, allowing his fingers to graze over his skin, through the fine hairs there.  He wonders if John will regret this.  He wonders if they’ll be able to hold onto it at all.
Greg hasn’t got a clue what he’s on about, but can chance a pretty solid guess.  All John has ever talked about is Sherlock—and vice versa, for that matter.  The two of them were so clearly in love—it was excruciating to watch them dance around each other for over a bloody year.  Never did get there, as far as he knows.  A shame, really.  A tragedy, even.  They’d’ve both been much happier if they had.  Greg gestures once more to the chairs, and this time he shuffles forward and collapses into one.
“Okay?”  He breathes, wanting to be sure.  Sherlock swallows, nodding and pressing his mouth to John’s forehead, sighing shakily against his skin.  John takes him in hand a bit awkwardly, emboldened by the quiet gasp his touch elicits, and begins a slow, steady stroke.  The drawn out moan pulled from somewhere deep in Sherlock’s chest resonates through John, rattling his rather dwindling sense of control and quickening his long, firm pulls.
We’ve decided to go traditional with dinner tonight.  We’re roasting a(n enormous) turkey, and serving all of the holiday standards.  John has also insisted on making pigs in blankets (ridiculous), and Mrs. Hudson is bringing Christmas pudding and mince pies.  We’ll have a full house—Lestrade will be joining us, as well as Molly and her new fiancé, who we’ve yet to meet. Harry is coming, too, and John has been worrying himself sick over the presence of alcohol.  She’s nearly five weeks sober, and he doesn’t want to tempt her. She’s been spending quite a bit of time at the flat as of late—it’s honestly been nice having her around. She’s found new employment at a café and has been doing quite well, all things considered.  I want to believe that she’ll be perfectly fine tonight, but I suppose only time will tell.
“You’ve gone and found yourself a proper laboratory,”  He breathes, his grin growing painfully wide as he takes it all in.  “This is incredible, Sherlock, really,”  He tightens his grip on Sherlock’s hand, feeling that familiar wave of affection and gratitude so often triggered by the man’s actions these days.  While this is surely in part a selfish endeavor, it is also a secluded space where Sherlock can do whatever he damn well pleases—stockpile this very
She hadn’t been bold enough to give voice to these thoughts.  He’d brushed her off anyway, heading straight into her office and slamming the door behind him.
“Hello.” He says, hushed, a grin spreading across his face.  He looks so young, like this. Boyish. Happy. I can’t help but return his smile.
of all people, was able to win over the man he’d been pining for—when I was sure that I could never have John—had been a sore spot for me from the start.  I was glad for them—really, I was—but it certainly came as a surprise.
Nevertheless, there’s a wall between us.  I suspect its foundation is built on sexual confusion and an unwillingness to risk what we currently have.  John doesn’t know if he could be sexually involved with a man, and I don’t know if I’m able to be interested in anyone in that way.  I have thought about it. In an abstract sense, I’ve considered it. I can only imagine awkwardness and eventual rejection. Or a painful realization on my part that this sort of thing just isn’t for me.  To me, it isn’t worth the risk. But I had failed to consider that we could still have some sort of physical contact. We’ve always carefully avoided it—but for a few stilted embraces—knowing full well that there’s something lurking beneath the surface between us and not wanting to stir it up.  But now, thanks to my unconscious clinginess, it’s been undeniably stirred.
“He hasn’t said,” He shrugs.  “Just says that they’ve not found much else on Mary.  Or whatever her name was. But they’ve got details on the type of weapon used and where the gunman was located and all that rubbish that I frankly do not give a toss about.”  He’s frustrated. Exhausted. “Sherlock, are you planning on looking into this? Are you going to help with the investigation?”
Letting out the gust of breath he’d been holding, John takes a final step forward and lets his forehead fall to Sherlock’s chest, palms landing carefully on either side of a slender waist.  Immediately, Sherlock lets out a shaky, relieved laugh, coming alive beneath John’s hands.  He winds his lanky arms around him tightly, tightly with no fear—none—no fear that he might flee or break.  He presses his cheek to John’s temple, settling firmly into their embrace.
Tentative fingers, on the crook of my elbow, where it rests on the narrow table in front of us.  I jerk my arm away in response, not quite able to process such an unexpected touch. John pulls his hand back, and when I turn to face him, he looks wounded.  Offended, perhaps. What was that, then? We never touch. Not really. I was confused enough when he grabbed my wrist in the kitchen of 221B, but at least I could see that coming.  When our eyes meet, though, his expression changes. Whatever he sees on my face has made him drop the affronted look for one of concern. He reaches out again, placing his hand on my forearm.
It’s nearly half two when the door swings open, revealing Mycroft—two perfectly wrapped presents in hand.  “Say nothing,” He says in lieu of a greeting. Strides into the flat. “Open them later,” He sets the gifts on the mantle and glances around the room.  “Happy Christmas,” He adds.
“Nothing, as far as I know.  I did this for him once before.  When we first got together. Asked some lady he had pointed out if I could crash on her couch, made coffee in the morning.  She drank it—a lot of it—and I left. Saw her at the Rainbow that same night. She was fine,” He furrows his brow, thinking.  Seemingly trying to recall any details he may have omitted. “Left town about a month later, I think. Nothing weird about that.  Nobody stays here long.” I stare disbelievingly back at him, feeling a subtle rage begin to flow through me, simmering beneath the surface of my skin.
“All right, all right, my god,”  Greg laughs, holding his hands up in surrender.  “Christ, I’m about to have a bloody heart attack, give me a minute,”  He looks between the two of them, smile nearly splitting his face in two.  “You’ve got me struck a bit dumb here,”  Sherlock rolls his eyes.  “How did this happen, then?”
Another hour passes in silence before a car stops, a block away to our right.  Headlights flicker off. A figure emerges--a tall man, with broad shoulders. We watch silently as he slinks through the shadows and straight to the shop.  The distant sound of jangling keys. He disappears behind a door on the side of the building.
I consider informing the local police that we’ve found a current address.  We aren’t armed, and if we find Jones, we’ll be taking a considerable risk by confronting him.  I dismiss the idea quickly, however--he’ll surely run. They’ll come rolling in, sirens blaring.  He’ll be warned by his mates and we’ll lose the man for good. We have one chance to catch the idiot before he skips town, and we’re going to take it.  We’ll just have to keep our guard up.
He turns on the balls of his feet to face Sherlock, placing both hands on the man’s bony knees to steady himself.  Sherlock gives him a private smile, leaning in to place a swift kiss on John’s still-grinning lips.
He breathes, pressing his lips to mine again briefly.  “Better check,” I reluctantly agree, rolling over to snatch my mobile off the floor as he digs his out of his jeans.  Five new messages from Mycroft.
“It’s—I regret that I ever said it,”  I try to ignore the sinking feeling in my gut and my heart trying to break free from my ribcage.  I feel raw, and a bit lost. He shakes his head, looks down.
We stop for a late lunch at a small café, sharing a bacon and brie toastie and a bowl of Welsh cawl.  We come across a man playing a melancholy tune on his violin, and I feel a sharp pang of regret that I’ve yet to pick up mine.  We listen until the song is finished, nod in appreciation. We leave him a tenner in the open case at his feet and carry on down the pavement, hand in hand.
John stares, entirely bewildered by Sherlock’s raw words and shaking hands.  He reaches out, grabbing hold of trembling fingers and squeezing—a gesture that’s almost starting to feel natural for them.
I head down to check on Mrs. Hudson and find her putting the finishing touches on the trifle she’s made for dessert.  “Lovely,” I say.
want?”  I’d like to know.  He keeps surprising me with his willingness to show affection—even in public—not to mention his complete nonchalance about our families seeing us in bed together.  His recent actions have been in complete contradiction of his stubborn silence the last few months. He lifts his head, chin resting on my chest, and meets my eyes.
His teeth scrape my skin now, and as the bruise beneath begins to form, marking me as his own, I lift my hips to meet his steady thrusts.  A request for more. He presses his lips to the bruise, my jaw, my mouth, then sits up on top of me, straddling my thighs. He rocks his hips forward, both of us hard as rods and beginning to leak beneath the barrier of our trousers.  His hands come down, unbutton, unzip. Freeing us both from our unfortunate confines. His palm glides through the moisture glistening at the head of his own cock, and he gives me a long, heated look as he takes us both in hand. I gasp, loudly, at the contact.  It’s glorious. Our shafts pressed together as one in his grasp, he gradually begins to stroke—up, down—in a steady, torturous rhythm. Chests heaving, fire in our eyes, our hips begin to thrust of their own accord into the circle of his hand. In, out.
Observing them now—Sherlock crouched down on the floor, one arm around Rosie where she leans against his side and points at various objects of interest—he thinks that perhaps she already does.
“John,” An edge of impatience in her voice, now.  He smiles, still not meeting her eye.  Obviously she suspects.  He wonders what Sherlock had said to her last night.  He pictures him now, puttering around in his new laboratory after John had retreated outside to lie in the grass.  At some point he’d made the decision to text Molly—to ask for more time.  Time alone, no obligations—time to show John the letter, to find their way past that final barrier.  There are certainly no barriers now—no boundaries at all, if Sherlock is to be believed.
It's approaching three o’clock, so I head straight for the park.  All traces of my old bravado have fallen away now that I've left my brother's vicinity.  I feel stripped down and raw, and as I stride purposefully through London the streets feel unfamiliar beneath my feet.  The roaring sounds of life are foreign and overwhelming. How did I get here? I will fix this soon enough, reacquaint myself with my city.  But first things first.
)--Joel--outlining what I can expect from our future sessions.  He says he appreciates that I’m able to be forthright about my goals and concerns.  He says that he’s optimistic. So am I. We make a standing appointment for Mondays at nine, shake hands, and I return to John in the waiting room.
Now my mouth—hot, warm, wet—slides up, down, up, down.  Head bobbing swiftly like a cork in the water, tongue dancing madly along his hot flesh.
He sighs, shaking his head slightly.  “She told me before I left that Mycroft had paid rent on the place two years out.  I’d thought it was odd at the time, but assumed he’d just been buying himself time.  He isn’t completely heartless—I’d thought—maybe he isn’t ready to deal with it all.  With Sherlock’s stuff.  But it’s exactly as I’d left it a bloody year ago.”
I’ll always regret the things I’ve done—how I’ve treated you when it could have been this,”  He tilts his head up and kisses him, soft and sure.  Sherlock responds instantly, sliding his hands to the small of John’s back, pulling him in and wrapping him up.  Sherlock kisses without inhibition—candid and honest and John could drown in it if he let himself—
He comes with a desperate shout--body shaking, quaking.  I follow close behind --collapsing, crumbling. We lie in a heap--breathing, buzzing--and a wave of relief washes over me.
But I never found the nerve.  Never said a single fucking thing about it.  He offed himself thinking I’d lost faith in him entirely,”  Harry inhales deeply, her heart squeezing uncomfortably at the pain in his voice.  She knows what it is to lose someone because you didn’t speak up, but this is far beyond her realm of experience.  “I called him a machine,” Oh, John.
“Don’t,”  Harry lets her mouth snap shut.  His tone is dangerous, startlingly so.  She hasn’t actually ever tried to speak to him about Holmes.  When the two of them were living their little crime-fighting life together, she and John hardly saw one another at all.  After his death, they’d spent a few awkward, unproductive afternoons in each others’ presence, but at the time John hadn't been able to even hear the man’s name spoken aloud without curling up into his impenetrable shell, and Harry hadn’t had the heart to push him.  But
you, Sherlock—that was me making a statement of my own.  It was no small thing, for me.  And you didn’t want that—and honestly—that’s all right.  I’m fine with it.  It took me awhile, but I am.  I like what we have.  But now all this—the other night on the sofa—and by the water yesterday, you seemed—“ He cuts himself off with an exasperated huff.
“Sherlock--” A very long pause.  Smoothes his jacket, glances around the room.  “We should--talk.” Odd.
Hour after tedious hour of questioning six of the men on her client list, and nothing.  Four of them had alibis—confirmed (eventually) by the Met. Two of them were imbeciles, albeit wealthy ones.  They brought in their lawyers and were quickly released. They didn’t have the competence to pull it off anyway, that was immediately clear.
be like this,”  He laces their fingers together, reading the understanding on Sherlock’s features and finding it suddenly a bit easier to vocalize his thoughts.  “Um—another thing I feel should be said aloud while we’re on this topic,”  The doctor in him insists.  “We’re both clean.  Obviously, we’ve never discussed this.  But I have access to your charts and I know you’ve found your way to mine,” He’s opened his laptop on more than one occasion over the years to find his own medical records staring back at him.  “Just—if we—I just wanted to acknowledge that,”  Christ.
Now John sits close, very close, always very close.  He smiles at Sherlock in their quiet moments together and lets their eyes lock and their gaze linger on and on and on and on.  He’s never the first to break.  It’s always Sherlock who begins to feel the fluttering panic, the palpitating heart, to sense that John has something more to say.  But he never does.  And Sherlock always, eventually, looks away.
They watch Rosie destroy the sitting room, one new toy at a time.  At some point, John convinces her to swap her pyjamas for an emerald green tulle dress.
timeless recipe that Sherlock had used for the mince pies.  They’ve put Rosie in a proper Christmas dress because she would have absolutely insisted upon it.  Tomorrow they’ll have waffles and honey made from the waffle iron she’d made damn sure they keep.  And really, she gave them this home that they’re now thriving in, against all odds.
I jolt awake, sit up quickly and scan the room.  The sun is just beginning to set, meaning I’ve been asleep for nearly six hours.  I suppose it was overdue. Feet on the stairs. Mrs. Hudson? No. Not Mycroft either.  It couldn’t be—
Now I watch Rosie picking apart a dumpling and eating only the bits she deems worthy.  I smile at her discerning nature. It will serve her well in life. Meanwhile, John is shoveling spring rolls into his mouth, looking down at his jumper as several flaky crumbs tumble onto his chest.  When he glances up and sees me watching him, he grins.
Sherlock’s bed has never felt more welcoming.  His thousand thread-count sheets have never been softer, never been warmer.  The duvet pulled up over his head has never been the haven it is now—the safe, intimate space it transformed into the moment John crawled in beside him.
I wake up to an empty bed.  A rare occurrence—John is nearly always there.  Thrown off by his absence, I rise, grabbing a dressing gown on my way out the door.  The flat smells of coffee and bacon, and I find John standing in front of the stove, scrambling eggs in a frying pan.  I walk up behind him and envelop him in my arms. “Hi,” He says, leaning back against my chest as I press my lips to his temple.
My father greets John warmly, shaking his hand and patting his arm.  “Siger Holmes. Very glad to meet you, John.” He then turns to me and we exchange a solemn nod.
“Bit of a prick, but he lived a notable life,”  Sherlock says, walking up beside him and casually leaning against the wall to John’s left.  Rosie has slumped against his shoulder, futilely fighting sleep.  “It’s a memoir about his time in Paris, discovering his love of writing—as well as the people he met there who’d changed his life for the better,”  John stares down at the book, carefully opening it to the first page.  A first edition hardcover, published in 1964.  “The title is in reference to a phrase originally of religious descent, meaning an observed holiday with no fixed date.  Hemingway applied it to a place, an
“Budge up,” John says, his voice undeniably fond as he sets a soaking wet but tightly secured blue plastic bag onto the coffee table and prods at Sherlock’s knee.  Sherlock grumbles a bit, mostly because it’s expected of him, as he unfurls his limbs and shuffles into a seated position.  He flips on the telly while John drops down beside him—close, very close, always very close—then leans forward and digs a finger into the plastic, tearing the bag open to reveal the steaming styrofoam containers within.  John hands Sherlock two boxes—garlic pak choi and lamb dumplings.  He sets up his own shrimp dumplings and cucumber salad on the table, then casually (really very casually) sets a final box containing noodles on the table between them.  Sherlock shoves a dumpling into his mouth to hide his smile.  John knows him much too well.
Stella flings open the door the instant I knock.  “Oh, thank you for coming,” She’s a petite woman in her thirties, strawberry blonde waves curling past her shoulders.  Her daughter lurks behind her, an exact match in miniature. “This is Minnie,” Aptly named.
“Of course you have,”  John huffs, feeling swarmed with fondness, with gratitude for the sudden ease of this new intimacy.  He can hardly believe that this is now their reality, that they’ve made it here at last.
John stares and stares and stares and stares.  He opens his mouth and closes it twice without a word.  He clears his throat, parts his lips a third time, then gives up on trying to form a proper sentence, shakes his head and smiles.  “Tonight?” He asks quietly.  The relief Sherlock feels would send him to his knees, were he not curled up on the couch, pinned in place by the weight of John’s gaze and the press of John’s chin.  John is asking for clarification.  He is asking what Sherlock
“Well, I’m—I’ll pay rent through the month, of course, but—as soon as I can find something else.  Within the week, I hope,”  He needs to get out, she can see that now.  It’s been torture for him, living amongst the memories.  She squeezes his fingers tightly, trying to convey that she understands, that she doesn’t hold it against him one bit.  “I’ll visit,”  He says quietly.  She won’t blame him if he doesn’t.  Sherlock was what held them together—the common link between them.  Now that he’s gone, they can’t look at one another without thinking of him.  The difference between the two of them is that Martha
John’s free hand comes up slowly, unenthusiastically patting her on the back before dropping back down to his side.  She doesn’t let go quite yet, pressing her cheek against his soft knit jumper and trying to form a single safe sentence.  She wants to erase the lines from his face, lift the circles from his eyes.  She wants to tell him that
to be anything but angry with him.  At the time, I wasn’t ready to confront my own demons—my idiotic, irrational insecurities—and the certainty he had shown me that day had caused me to shut right down.  He knew what we could become, and I couldn’t face it. Walls up, distance in place. Outrage where there should have been warmth. And God forbid I actually consider his words—set aside the preconceived notions I had adopted long ago and reconsider our dynamic, our connection.  It took the thought of losing him—
“Is that Greg?” John has been tapping away at his own phone, propped up against the headboard and scowling at whatever he sees on the screen.  “He’s been texting more details about Mary’s case. God, I’m not up for this today.”
much, much worse.  And as Harry has smoked every last one of her friends down to the filter, it seems that this responsibility now falls on John.  He’s found a rehab clinic in Leeds that can take her in six days—now five.  And this time, she’s agreed to go.
“Did you know?”  He demands, shoving his fisted hands into his jacket pockets.  He’s bloody shaking.  Eyes wild and hair windswept.  Looks like shite.  Not a man who can pull off such an untidy beard.  Did he walk here?  Bit of a trek from Baker Street.  Greg hasn’t seen him in over a month.  They’d tried a few times to go out for a pint, but John doesn’t have much to say these days.  At first, Greg had assumed he was just angry with him for doubting Sherlock—rightfully so, he’d thought—but it had become clear rather quickly that he simply doesn’t speak much at all anymore.  Greg had wanted to talk about Sherlock—had needed to talk to someone about it.  He’d cared for the man, too.  Misses him, even.  Wanted to make sense of what happened.  But John didn’t want to hear any of it, so he’d turned to Molly instead.  He smiles inwardly at the thought of what’s begun to bloom between them.  They’ve managed to find something pure and sweet in the bitterness of the last few months.
“I’ll take the couch,” Sherlock drawls, effortlessly slipping into an impeccable impression of boredom while in reality he stands scanning the back of John’s form obsessively for clues as to how he feels about this carefully chosen space.  John turns to face him.
