But as much as Gabriel disliked Eddie Thompson and would have loved to leave the guy in a coma for the rest of his life, the archangel knew that he had to help him. Not because the guy deserved it, but because the innocent little boy standing behind Gabriel was worried sick about him. Poor Ollie just wanted his daddy to be alright, no matter how mean he was to everyone else. And the look of sheer concern and fear on Oliver's face reminded Gabriel of
“Alright,” Jude nodded, backing toward the bed to sit down on the edge, “Thank you guys. For everything.”
Uncle Gabe and uncle Sammy were arguing in quiet voices when they crawled out of the pillow fort. Jude stared after them while he ate another handful of buttery popcorn. Man, uncle Gabe and uncle Sammy sure did whisper a lot. What were they always talking about?
“Slow down, you guys,” Dean called from the back of the Impala, “Remember the buddy system. Don't let each other out of sight.”
When the guy pointed at Dean and everyone's eyes shot to him, he tried his best to look calm and composed. But it was hard to do when he was drenched from head to toe and shaking violently from being dangled in midair. Luckily, his pitiful appearance seemed to finally snap Cas out of his rage. His bright glow dimmed and he blinked repeatedly at Dean with deep blue eyes. There was an apology raising up in his expression, but Dean preemptively shook his head to dismiss it. Cas didn't need to apologize for flying off like that. Hell, if Dean was able to fly, he would have gone straight for Jude too.
Sam rounded the hood to get to his archangel, where he grabbed him by the hand and started walking him toward the entrance of the building.
As the four of them rounded a stack of cars to get to the backdoor of the house, a man in a suit appeared almost directly in front of Crowley. Everyone turned to look at him, including Clarence and Rowena. Bobby had seen this particular person before. He was one of Crowley's lackeys; always running to Crowley when there was news from hell. When Crowley saw his demonic servant, he huffed a gusting sigh.
Gee. I wonder what demon Bobby could be talking about... ;) As you can see, things between Dean and Gabriel are going to be getting much better from here. Like Sammy said, they're so alike they could be best friends. ;) And after being comforted by the Trickster and hearing Cas's loving vow, I don't think Dean will have any trouble accepting Cas into his family. :) I hope you guys all enjoyed this installment! The next - and final - part of this series will be started tomorrow, and I hope you stick around to read some more! Thank you all so much for following this story from the beginning and staying with me through all the drama. <3 I'll see you in part Six! :)
Just about the time the angel finished saying his sentence, a huge blast of light came from down the hallway. Dean closed his eyes and turned away as it engulfed the angel, knowing that the light had the power to blind him. It was gone in a few seconds and so was the angel. The other angel – the statue, who had been standing in the corner of Dean's room this whole time – only blinked toward the doorway in shock before retrieving his own blade. He set his eyes on Dean and stomped closer, pointing the sharp end of his weapon toward the man's chest. Dean shrank against his chair and braced for impact, knowing that it was going to hurt like hell and there was nothing he could do about it.
“That's not entirely true,” Cas mumbled, unwilling to look Dean in the eye, “Jude doesn't want to be an angel. And I'm the reason he is one.”
“Yes!” Jessie shrieked, “It looks like they tried to summon the warlock or something, but the garage is empty and the portal is broken! Could they be in Hell? How are we going to get to them, Papa?!”
Rowena rolled her eyes and said a small comment under her breath, but Sam didn't catch it because he was too busy trying to hold onto the dog in his arms. Dickie was wiggling around violently all of the sudden, trying his best to get out of Sam's hands.
Jess found that question a little weird. Did Jude not know about what happened? Did he not know that he was being used as a vessel?
Dean gave a nod to acknowledge his brother's words but kept his sight on his own work. He knew that once this last window was covered, the whole house would be completely protected against other angels. Dean glared at the red paint as he worked, feeling bitter. It was a crying shame that he and Cas had to ward an entire house just so their child could come into the world safely.
“That was an angel trap, Jude,” uncle Gabe uttered, his voice echoing around the huge room, “and we're inside a cage.”
Jude let his hand drop and hang off the bed as he laid in total bliss. The pain he had felt was gone, somehow, and the only thing he wanted to do was sleep. He could feel the smile on his own face as Jessie cooed over the baby near him and he slowly faded out. It was the deepest sleep he had ever felt. So relaxing and calm.
The ride to the police station was fairly quiet and relatively fast. The building was only a few miles from the hotel and hardly a word was spoken in the short distance. Castiel wondered why Dean didn't simply ask Castiel to fly him to the close location, but assumed the man had his reasons. Perhaps Dean preferred driving because it included Gabriel as Sam so wished. Or perhaps he was just accustomed to the many years of repetition when it came to his family business. Either way, the Impala rolled to a stop in the police station parking lot in less than fifteen minutes from their departure from the hotel.
Gabriel pranced into the kitchen and flipped the light on, feeling a mischievous grin on his own face. Dickie, who had been eating out of his doggy bowl, lifted his head at the change of light and blinked toward his owner with his head tilted. His stuffed moose was laying on the floor next to him with wet stains and glazed eyes that seemed to beg for help.
The devil stopped suddenly and lowered the scythe from his shoulder. He almost couldn’t believe it. That was Michael’s voice, speaking in their native Enochian tongue. And it was coming from somewhere far south of the globe.
Before he answered, the blonde guy wandered back toward the middle of the room. His eyes were moving around a lot, like he was looking for something.
“We must take her to the infirmary,” Cas suggested, already pushing the gurney down the hall, “That is where all the medical supplies are.”
Though Crowley didn't say a word, they both knew the answer to that question. How could Crowley murder the father of the closest thing he'd ever had to a son? Sure, the guy was a raging, sadistic, psychopath. But didn't Clarence have a right to at least know who he was? They were blood. If things were the other way around – if Dean was in Clare's shoes – he would definitely want to meet his father. Or at least be offered the chance. Luckily, Crowley seemed to understand where he was coming from, because the demon sighed in defeat. But it wasn't enough to change his mind.
“But, Dean, It's Valentine's day,” Sam whined quietly, flashing a worried glance toward the motel room a few feet away, “I have plans of my own, you know! What am I supposed to do, huh? Postpone my whole holiday?!”
Cas slowly stood back up and started to glow. His eyes shined electrically blue and his skin illuminated with grace. The air around them shifted a bit in the presence of the heavenly aura, but the angel kept speaking as he turned to look toward the line in the distance.
Jude was naked and crouching in a large black crater, surrounded by ash. It looked like he was in the middle of a blast zone. Fallen trees surrounded the outer rim of the crater, which spanned at least half a mile in all directions. What seemed to have been a forest was now only charred earth in the space that held Jude. Castiel immediately raced toward his child, fearing that something terrible had happened to him.
When he had a tiny drunken buzz going, Dean slammed the trunk shut and walked back around to the driver's seat where he sat down and closed the door beside him. He was boxed in the car with silence again, left alone with his thoughts. In the back of his mind, Dean knew it would only be a matter of time before the tears started flowing. Before he started bawling his eyes out like a little bitch. Because there was nothing else he could do. Cas was stuck carrying around his bastard child and it couldn't be undone.
Clare and Jude paused their exploration of the photo album to turn and face Crowley and Bobby. They were both still sharing the black umbrella, staring at Clare with concern.
The statement must have been intriguing because Jude immediately sat up in bed. Wonder and eagerness were harbored in his blue eyes as they blinked up at Castiel.
The last words Lucifer could say were ‘Thank you’ in Enochian. And once the gratitude fled his mouth, he exhaled his last breath and finally allowed his grace to explode. It felt like flying through a collapsing star; like watching a galaxy come into being. Except, Lucifer was at the center, feeling every last molecule combust into painfully fragmented atoms.
“Then I guess this is Gibson Jay Winchester,” the demon added, reaching down to touch the edge of their son’s tiny hand, “How about that, Gib? You good with that name?”
“Jude,” Jessica suddenly said, handing off the rest of Rowena's supplies to him, “I'm going to go find Dad and Ollie. I'll be back as soon as possible.”
" - that you didn't even notice how upset you made her," Papa continued, talking over Dad with a stern face, "Sam, you're a great dad. But you need to loosen up on the protectiveness. Jessica isn't a baby anymore. She's growing up. You've gotta give her some space and let her be who she is, man."
Dean didn't have to be awake to know when Cas's eyes were on him. The dude hardly ever looked away. Cas's face turned a sheepish pink in the dark.
The man reached around to take the demon knife out of his waistband before nodding to Cas. At the signal, the blue-eyed angel stepped over to peer around the corner of the building.
After his roaring assent to ecstasy, Ollie slipped down to lay on top of Jessica. His trembling hands found their way into her hair where they twitched and wiggled around slowly. His hot breath panted against her neck and she breathed harshly under him as well. Their first round of sex as a married couple might have been over, but the effects were still lingering.
Cas's only reply was the flat look he gave his archangel brother. Once Gabriel was convinced that his point was made, he flashed a wide grin and took a step closer to Sam.
’ sound as Jude caught it with his glowing hand, and everyone present was staring with open mouths. Jude stopped the blade of Death’s scythe! But it was lethal! How did he stop it?!
“Celestial grace is capable of more than just healing the physical, Clarence,” Cas answered, opening the passenger side door, “Come. I’ll show you the rest.”
When he heard the word 'unicorn,' Ollie popped his head up to look around and see what Papa was talking about. Jessica stared over in the distance too... and found a beautiful unicorn slowly walking up to them. It had a long flowy mane and tail of pure white hair and its eyes were the brightest blue that Jess had ever seen. A pinkish, spirally horn jutted out from its forehead and it looked almost shimmery in the light. Jessica was in shock. Wow! Unicorns were
The girl's face fell to an irritated look and she immediately let go of his arm. She spun around and trotted away angrily, but Dean didn't even notice. He was too busy stomping up to the bar. Jude, however, seemed to really enjoy his father's dismissal of the stranger, because he covered his mouth and giggled as he followed in his footsteps.
“Papa,” Jude whispered, feeling warm tears run down his cheeks, “Come and get me and Ollie! We're afraid!”
clean, by Bobby's standards. Dean felt more suspicious than ever. There had been something in this room, he knew it for sure. But, whatever it was, it was long gone, now. Dean reached back and took Cas's hand while he looked around at every tiny detail of Bobby's study. The effort to find something out of place was pointless, really. If Bobby didn't want something to be found, then it was
Jessica sighed and forced herself to nod once, staring at the strawberry-blonde baby in her husband’s arms.
“Your vocabulary 'baffles' me, Einstein,” he murmured, before putting on a serious face to say, “But, thanks for the support.”
Dean was on his back now, gently snoring with his mouth open. Castiel enjoyed the sight of his sleeping husband for a moment – imagining how excited and aroused his expression would become when he woke up to observe Cas's new attire – before leaning over the bed to wake him.
Jess didn’t have to elaborate. The look of horror that came across her celestial father’s face said it all. He knew exactly what she was talking about, as did most of the people standing around. Jess felt like every single one of them was glaring at her; blaming her for being so stupid as to hand Lucifer the most powerful weapon in the world. And they were right! She was a fool to do something so stupid! Her only consolation was the feeling of her daughter’s warm body in her arms. Jess continued to apologize, though she knew it wouldn’t do any good. Apologies wouldn’t get the scythe back. They wouldn’t save her Grandpa. They wouldn’t save anyone. A heavy sigh came from somewhere in the crowd and the single word that came after it seemed to sum up the entire situation.
Dean's hand suddenly flew up to slap over Castiel's mouth, preventing him from continuing. The angel's blue eyes searched the man's face, seeing discomfort and irritation hinted in his expression. Did Castiel say something wrong? Were his words too blunt? Cas could feel Dean's free hand gliding underneath his pillow, reaching deep underneath the angel to bring their faces close together. Dean's sweet breath was brushing over Cas's face as he spoke.
the trickster would have picked a place like this to stay. What other room would he have chosen besides room 69? The bastard...
," he boomed, "I don't care what you say about her. She's my mother and you're going to help me find her."
Nearly everyone in the kitchen shouted their congratulations and came to wrap their arms around Jude and Clare. But Clare noticed that Michael didn’t move. The archangel stayed back and watched the family gather lovingly from the counter; his gray eyes filled with a sense of apprehension. Clare studied Michael from the few yards’ distance, feeling anxiousness creep into his thoughts. Why wasn’t he congratulating Jude like everyone else? And why did he have that worried look on his face?
“Okay. I'm leaving work and I'll be there in less than twenty minutes,” he promised, voice frail and emotionless.
Though Clare was joking, Oliver gulped and nodded as if he thought the demon was being serious. Jessica only giggled and shook her head as she swayed around with Charlie.
asking questions. She was like a little sponge, wanting to soak up as much information as she could. Gabriel reached down and curled some of her hair back.
“Yeah. Wedding. It's where two people get married to each other,” Clare offered in a sarcastic tone, “We're inviting you to the party, so count yourself lucky.”
Sam totally agreed with Cas's answer. It didn't matter where they had dinner. All that really mattered was that everyone was together. It seemed like Dean agreed with Cas too, because he let out another small sigh and forced a nod.
But Jess couldn't deny that some good things had happened too. She got to go back in time and meet her Grandpa John, which was something that she always wanted to do. She comforted her boyfriend after he broke the news that he had dropped out of school. And she was finally able to kill the warlock and put an end to both Crowley and Clare's suffering, helping everyone along the way. But despite all those good things, Jessica still felt like crap and she didn't know why. She had absolutely no reason to feel sad, but there she was; sulking in bed. Maybe it was some of the leftover guilt she felt when uncle Crowley got hurt. After all, it was her fault for not killing the warlock when she first had the chance. Maybe if she had killed him sooner, she could have spared everyone all the heartache...
– gave her enough space to be one of Clare’s parents. Though, apparently, his ‘all-powerful ruler’ complex must have been hard to shake, because he continued to watch over her like a hawk even at family gatherings.
Dean peeked into the main bedroom to see Adam and the baby sleeping in the large bed, but Michael wasn’t there. Dean wasn’t too alarmed about the missing archangel. Michael was probably doing the same thing Dean was; making sure their family was safe. Dean closed the door and decided to go outside to check on the archangel. Michael was a difficult person to read, always keeping his emotions bottled up like everyone else in the family. Dean waved toward the folks at the kitchen table before heading quietly out the front door and into the cool night air.
Clare made sure to meet eyes with Jude, who still seemed exceptionally proud of him for being so nice to Jessica, before blowing a kiss and watching him exit the room with all the guys. Once the door shut behind them, Clare looked to the rest of his bachelorette party guests. Jessica looked among the faces in awe, as if she couldn't believe they were throwing a party together for her.
Dean was staring deeply into the ocean's of Cas's eyes when the angel disappeared from the parking lot. The rock in the man's stomach seemed to grow heavier as he glanced around the space. Ugh. He hated being away from Cas. It was like the angel always took a chunk of Dean's soul with him when he left. Soon enough, Dean's eyes fell back to the walkie-talkies in his hand and he remembered his master plan. Cas worked pretty fast when it came to a mission, so Dean needed to get his ass moving.
Dean and Sam both shared a look of surprise, eyebrows raising and mouths falling open. Gabriel visibly gulped and briefly closed his eyes, seeming unnerved by the news. And Castiel could feel his own heart filling with emotion. Thirty hours. That may have been all the time Cas had left to spend with his family...
“Let him go, Cas,” the younger Winchester said quietly, sounding wise, “He just needs some time process it. He'll be back. I promise.”
Dean gave a small chuckle. Jude might have been born with a lot of Cas's traits, but he got just as many from Dean too. As he stared down at his son, the man remembered that he still had a little leftover pie in the fridge from the night before. And when it came to pie – the holiest of desserts – Jude definitely took after his daddy.
Just as he was in the verge of falling asleep, Jude felt Clare's moist mouth meet his own. The demon's lips were as sweet as ever; tender and loving as they gently smashed against Jude's. The angel deepened their sideways kiss, enjoying the goosebumps it left on his sweaty skin. Ugh, Clare was such a good kisser...
Clare demonstrated by immediately plucking the tune to ‘Hey Jude’. He didn’t need to practice it or even guess where all the notes were. He just knew. The sound of Jude’s most beloved song being played for their children was honestly moving. Clarence was so good with music, and Meg seemed happy to contribute to the tradition by getting the twins some instruments whenever she could. Jude couldn’t have been more content with his mother-in-law’s growth as a person... Clare handed the Kalimba back to Grace and she and Gibson started plucking away, filling the garage with random notes.
“Yep. Gotta replant all that Kingsfoil in the garden and fix that portal,” Bobby nodded, searching among the Winchesters, “You boys done real good this week. I'm mighty proud of all of you.”
Sam glanced up to see his little spiky-haired nephew poke his head inside. Jude's blue eyes met Sam's in the mirror and his small face went a little pale.
“That's okay. Sounds great,” Jessica agreed, “So, I'll meet you there in an hour? Does that sound good?”
Of course, Papa gave Clare a strange look, tilting his glowing head in confusion. He probably didn't understand why Clare called him 'old man'. But once Clare had his slice of pie, Papa turned to smile graciously at Jude.
Castiel smiled at his tired husband, silently enjoying how handsome he looked with his cheeks flush from strenuous intercourse.
The truck full of Winchesters made it to the strip joint fifteen minutes later. Since the sun had gone down, the place was packed; cars in almost every spot and groups of guys loitering near the entrance. When Oliver parked the truck at the end of an aisle of cars, he turned to look out the window and point.
After a very serious goodbye from Ms. Jane – with a few Spanish comments for Dad, who offered even more apologies – Jessica, her parents, and Ollie all loaded up to go to the festival. For the most part, it was an awkward ride. Dad seemed too sheepish – or too ashamed – to really say anything, Papa spent most of the time trying to keep Dickie in his lap to prevent him from trying to hump poor Ollie's leg, and Ollie must have been feeling the same first-date jitters he had before the dance because he kept mentioning corn, crops, and historical facts about the Dust Bowl. Jessica, however, spent the majority of their ride studying Ollie's stupidly handsome face and shaggy orange hair. He looked really good today, better than he did at the dance even. She
Jude was tempted to think about all of the things he left back there – his untouched birthday cake, Dad's car, his
first date. Alone. Without parents around. Just the two of them having fun at a festival together, just like real teenagers did. The thought was enough to make her spring out of bed to get ready. She couldn't wait to see Ollie again!
Sam smiled as he hugged Gabriel from behind and rested his chin on the archangel's shoulder to peer at the table in front of them. There was a pretty big stack of notebook paper spread out on Gabriel's side, covered with his messy handwriting and some roughly drawn sketches. It seemed like he and Cas had translated most of the book overnight.
Who will open the cage first? The Winchesters? Or Raphael? The race is on! XD I'm so sorry about the cliffhanger, but I just couldn't pass up the opportunity. At least the fluff in this chapter was able to make up for it, right? Lol. :) I think Chuck did hear Jessie's prayer, and gave her that really sweet future-dream about Ollie. I'm sure that will eventually happen when she's an adult, but idk if this story will go on long enough to see that particular vision come to pass. lol :) And thankfully, Sam will never find out that Jessie sneaked out to see her future boyfriend while he was asleep. :D Btw, the reason daisies are Jessica's favorite flower is because those are the kind Sam and Gabe picked for her when she was born. (If you already guessed that, I'll give you 50 house points!) :D The spell that Rowena uses to connect Sam and Gabe's rings translates from Latin as: “Reclaim the bond that has been broken, reunite the twin within.” Cheesy, I know. I'm terrible with witchcraft! *hides face in shame* But yes. With this spell, the Winchesters will be able to find Gabe and Jude. And hopefully get there soon, before Raphael does something naughty. *sneaky laughter* :D I really hope you guys enjoyed this chapter. I really enjoyed writing it. :) And thank you all sooo much for all your continued encouragement. I seriously love every single one of you from the bottom of my heart. :) The next chapter will be out soon! :)
Gabriel's golden eyes narrowed at Dean's and the two of them shared an intense stare. Castiel swallowed harshly at the exchange, taking a brief moment to glance toward Sam. The younger Winchester appeared to be just as uncomfortable with the event, shifting in his seat as he cleared his throat. Even the small dog in the archangel's lap seemed to be frightened because it backed against Gabriel's stomach.
“First, I'm gonna shut and lock that door until we figure out what to do with this body,” he answered truthfully, “Then, I'll probably head upstairs to put on a pot of coffee. I'm pretty sure its going to be a long night for all of us.”
“Yes, ma’am,” Oliver answered, politely shaking the lady’s hand, “My wife and I are looking forward to finally going inside.”
Dean winked in response before sipping some of his own coffee. The warm, bitter liquid was good, but his mouth was craving something else. After making sure Jess felt a little better, Dean wandered over to the fridge and popped it open, searching the shelves for anything that looked remotely like pie. It had been a good long while since he had eaten some of his favorite food. Why didn't they ever have any pie in the house?”
Dean huffed a breath before reaching into his shirt and pulling out his necklace. Of course, the thing was already glowing because it was in God's presence, shining so intensely that Dean couldn't even look at it. He raised the string up over his head and tossed the whole necklace on the table in front of Chuck, letting him see it up close.
After a bracing breath, Sam eventually turned to look at his daughter again. Jessica was resting Indian-style on her bed now, with her hands in her lap and her eyes wide. She was blinking at him, but her expression seemed torn. Sam knew just from looking at her that she was still a little hesitant to forgive him. As he stared at his daughter, Sam realized that he needed to do more than just say a verbal apology. He had to
“Son,” the guy muttered, “I... I'm surprised that you actually summoned me. Our last meeting didn't go as well as I'd hoped. I figured you'd never want to see me again...”
Sam wanted to look at her, but he couldn't bring himself to do it. He knew that seeing her beautiful face again would only make him feel worse. He just clung to Gabriel and quietly cried on his shoulder instead. Gabe sighed and rubbed his hands up and down Sam's back while they hugged.
The demon was sitting in the living room at his and Jude’s house, where the family had been brought earlier by the angels. Jude and Jessica were giving Gibson his first proper bath in the bathroom, while Grace – who had just gotten her own bath – was laying in front of Clare on the couch. Luckily, Bobby and Crowley heard him and walked over from the kitchen, carrying their coffee mugs in hand.
“Oh, yer as big as a full grown ox, laddie,” Rowena mentioned, patting Jude’s bicep, “And wearin’ a beard to boot! Are ya tryin’ to woo everyone off their feet with yer handsome looks? I feel faint already.”
All four men jumped up at the sound of a new voice. It came from the other end of the room and echoed against the shelves. The tone was loud, firm – and distinctly
Jude ran after his friend, wanting to see his own parents too. Half way to the porch, Jude saw Daddy stumble through the front door, holding his side. And when Daddy's green eyes saw Jude, they got really big and he started running toward him with his arms open.
The only source of illumination was the light from the corridor outside, so Jude could barely see the cover of the first magazine. But when he bowed his head to focus his sight, he spotted the topless woman looking back at him. The timid glance he stole at her body - so curvy, plump, and naked - made his entire body react. Something weird was happening to him. Sweat broke out across his forehead, he could feel his heart hammering in his throat, and his pants were getting tighter. Jude was actually afraid of what was happening to him. Why was he responding this way? He wasn't doing it on purpose. His body was freaking out on its own for some reason.
“Dammit, Sam,” Dean grumbled, climbing out of the vehicle in a rush, “This is the kind of shit I'm talking about!”
“Holy moose on a Tuesday! Ah! Yeah! Right there!” Gabe shouted, letting his golden eyes roll back, “
Now that Castiel was fully conscious, he could feel other sensations beginning to creep into his awareness. One of his legs was tingling, most likely from regaining steady blood flow now that his full weight was off of it. And through the sharing of his grace, Castiel could also feel his son's distress as well. By this stage in the pregnancy, the baby was roughly the size of a grapefruit and was already beginning to perform basic motor functions such as blinking, yawning, and swallowing. And now, as Castiel lay on his side like an exhausted farm animal, Jude was moving impatiently inside his grace, rotating himself in a complete circle and fidgeting in annoyance. He was obviously in need of nourishment and physically demanding to be fed. And Castiel couldn't help but think of how much his actions resembled that of his father. Jude definitely belonged to Dean. There was no denying it...
“I... I want to make love to you,” the angel whispered, acting like it was a sin, “but... I fear that intercourse may injure our child.”
“That’s wonderful, honey. And hola, Clare. You always have such nice clothing,” Jane complimented, reaching over to tug once on Clarence’s shirt, “Who is in charge of dressing you?”
Gabe smiled when he saw the look of sheer admiration on Jessica's face as she blinked up at her dad in wonder.
The teenager hoped that his words would help his boyfriend relax a little bit. Jude couldn't take the bad memories away, but he could at least help Clare feel better. The two of them hugged each other until Clarence's heaving sobs quieted down to gentle whimpers and soft breaths. Once he was sure that Clare was calmer, Jude raised up to look down at him from above, cupping his handsome face and using a thumb to wipe away the wet tears. Clare blinked up at him and slowly opened his mouth again.
Dean's perfect lips were smiling when he carefully leaned toward the glass in Castiel's hand. Instead of taking the cup with his own, Dean simply clutched Cas's wrist and tilted the glass toward his mouth; drinking from the angel's hand. A gentle flame of arousal sparked in Castiel's lower region at the sight of Dean's delicate Adam's apple bobbing with his swallows, watching the man's mouth cradle the crystal rim of the glass, and his throat quiver with delight. For a moment, Castiel strangely wished to be the glass that Dean's mouth was suctioned to... After a few gulps, Dean gave a slight grimace and tilted the glass away.
The two demons shared a small look before Clare reached out to hug Bobby and Crowley at the same time. Their loving exchange only lasted a few moments, after which Clare and Jude finally wandered over to Jude's parents, who were standing by the wall with smiles. Luckily, Jude didn't have to say goodbye to Dad or Pop yet, because they were going to be dropping Clare and Jude off at their honeymoon destination. Wherever that was...
, but what? As she stared helplessly at the horrifying scene of her cousin being filled with Darkness, Jessica caught sight of the grace glowing on his neck. If what Lucifer said was true, if they couldn't stop Jude from being taken, the very least Jess could do was remove Castiel's grace. It would be less ammunition for Darkness to use against them, right? In a split second decision, Jessica flew herself out of her uncle's reach long enough to flash over and yank the necklace off of Jude's neck.
“I did it by accident,” he began, “I've been trying to find a demon. He killed my wife a few years ago. I thought I could summon the bastard with a ritual spell I found in a book at the Memphis library. But I guess I read the Latin wrong, because some guy appeared in the trap and told me he was a warlock.”
Strangely enough, the statement made a breathless chuckle come from Gabe’s mouth. The archangel hung his head and nodded, wearing a weak smile.
“Go and help Hester with the Winchesters,” she barked, “I'll take the nephilim and the spare to a holding cell.”
“Being a hunter sounds pretty cool, doesn't it?” Jessie almost whispered, “Helping bad monsters change into good monsters... I wonder how they do that.”
But more than anything, Jude tried to focus on the memories of Dad and Papa. Dad always being so protective and Papa always being so caring. Hiding behind Dad's arm during the scary parts of a movie, and climbing inside Papa's trench coat when he wanted to feel safe. Jude tried his best to remember each and every hug in detail, wanting Clarence to feel all the love and devotion inside them. That was how Jude knew his parents loved him; not just by their words, but by their constant display of affection too. They didn't have to say 'I love you' all the time. Jude already knew it from their hugs alone...
inside. Their hands instantly dove to start undoing each others' clothes while they made out unabashedly. Clare tugged at Jude's jacket and shirt, taking his time to get Jude naked. But Jude went straight for the belt around Clare's waist. As his hands worked, Jude could feel that Clare was slowly getting hard, and he couldn't wait to bring him to a full salute.
While everyone else went back into the bar, Jessica deliberately held her Papa back. She clung to his arm until the other members of their group left them alone. Papa searched Jessie's face with worry, like he always did when she wanted to talk to him in private.
“J – Jude,” Dean huffed, bringing the lighter close to his own face, “Look. It's me. It's Dad. I'm right here, buddy.”
“Yes you can, Jude. Because you're brave like Superman,” Dean reminded, giving him a proud smile, “Remember when we talked about Batman? And how he only uses guns when he has to?”
,” Chuck responded in a calm whisper, “When he needed to be freed from the bondage of heaven, I sent him to hell to save you. Every time Castiel perished, I personally rebuilt him and sent him back to your side. When he asked for a sign, or prayed for help, or asked me to show him the way, I put him in your path. I never abandoned my son, Dean. On the contrary, I gave him everything he ever needed through the profound bond that he shares with you.”
“Forty-five minutes, Sammy,” Dean assured as he stuffed a huge blanket into the trunk, “That's all I'm asking for. One hour tops.”
Again, Clare laughed a little, shaking his head as he dragged himself to stand up and walk closer to Jude.
Castiel and Dean both spun to look toward the entrance of the study, where Jane Thompson dashed in wearing a lovely pink dress and large grin. She tossed down the gift bags she was holding and went straight to Oliver, scooping Charlie out of his arms to give her tiny face multiple kisses. The exuberant affection caused Charlie to fill the room with adorable, high-pitched giggles. Watching the embrace made Castiel feel warm inside, but also a bit disheartened.
The archangel, who was still pacing in front of the cabin door with fear and worry, paused his steps to look toward Cas. His golden eyes flickered down to see the angel holding his own stomach and shock instantly overcame his expression.
Dean watched closely as Chuck removed his hand from his pocket and opened in front of Jude, revealing a small necklace in his palm. The chain was black and the pendant was small and triangular, holding Superman's logo behind a thick glass cover. But just like Dean's necklace, the metal pendant on this one was shining brightly too, glowing in God's presence. It was an amulet similar to his father's. Chuck gave Jude a gentle smile and held it out until the kid was comfortable enough to take it. Jude carefully snatched the jewelry out of Chuck's hand and held it in his own to stare at the logo fondly.
Dean's eyes flew wide. Holy shit. They forgot about that kid! That red-head kid that the demons had yesterday! What had happened to him? Was he dead?
A chilly raced down Dean's entire spine, making the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end. The glowy man? From the parade? Who exactly was the glowy man? And why was he
Dean couldn't even think about napping now, not after that angel attack at the diner. It had been a few hours since they had gotten back to Bobby's place, but Dean still couldn't shake off the suddenness of it. Those pricks had come out of nowhere, ready to kill Cas without a reason. And not knowing why they were there really pissed Dean off. He wanted to know why those freaking angels wanted his family dead. Sure, the Winchesters had earned a few enemies in their time and the angels had plenty of reasons to hate them. But Dean's
Something small and warm was slowly burrowing itself into the cavity of Sam's back as he slept. In his drowsy state, Sammy tried his best to ignore the interruption and keep sleeping, but it was just getting more deliberate as time went on. What was that? Was Dickie trying to wrestle with his moose in the covers again? Sam was about to tell Gabriel to get the dog when he heard a tiny sigh come from behind him. It was a feminine sound, one that Sam could recognize anywhere.
“Geez, Dean-o, would you relax? Your incessant worrying is really killing the whole 'happy house hunting' mood for us,” Gabriel sighed.
Dean didn't miss the delight that sprang back across Gabriel's face. The blonde archangel was all too proud of the Easter egg hunt he had set up for Jude and Jessica the night before.
him. It felt like the two of them never had a chance to be alone and talk anymore. Things kept getting in the way of their personal time and Dean missed having Cas all to himself. The days of taking his angel and hiding away from the rest of the world, even if it was just for a few hours, seemed long gone. And, dammit, Dean really wanted them back.
Before Castiel could ask his brother what they needed to discuss, Gabriel flew them to a more private area. They both appeared just outside of Bobby's house between two stacks of mangled cars. The inertia of the short flight actually caused a flicker of nausea to echo from Castiel's stomach. The baby wiggled around inside his grace too, making it clear that he did not appreciate being flown around. Cas briefly clutched the side of his own stomach as he looked back up to meet Gabriel's eyes.
"Without having what? A babysitter?" Jessica huffed, her gorgeous eyes narrowing, "I don't need constant surveillance, Dad. Please go home and let me have this night with Ollie."
“They're putting them in the closet,” Sam breathed, suddenly darting toward it, “I'll stay with the kids, Dean.”
But when Jude's eyes wandered over to see the candle burning on the dresser, his heart sank. Michael's words were playing in his head again, reminding him of his possible fate. If Darkness could drain Jude's grace like a candlewick, what horrific damage could it do to a half demon? The flickering flame looked so close to burning out; barely able to light the dark corner of Clare's room. There were a lot of things that Jude didn't know about when it came to the major battle on his horizon, but there was one thing he knew for sure...
The man shrugged off the coincidence and leaned over to place the jar of honey on Cas's bedside table. Sunlight from the window shined through the honey in the glass, causing the sunbeam to cast an amber-colored glow on the baby. Dean and Cas both smiled down at their son resting in the sunshine, watching him drift back to sleep.
Castiel was unsure if he had ever witnessed Dean in such a state of fury. The man's face was blazing red as he ran to his precious car and ripped open the driver's side door. Cas faintly heard Gabriel snickering at Sam's side.
“The seeds swim all the way up one of these tubes until one of them finds the egg. Then, the egg and the seed fuse together and side down to stick to one of these walls. And then, a baby starts to grow inside the mommy's uterus. Like this,” Gabriel said.
At once, every person in the kitchen glanced among each other in concern before following Adam out of the room. He led the silent group down the corridor and into the TV room adjacent to the study, where the large screen was tuned into the national news. Jude filed into the room behind his parents, feeling Clare’s hands on his shoulders as they both peered around to see what was happening. Several clips of raging fires flashed across the screen, each more devastating than the next. And over it all, a news reporter’s calm voice spoke.
Dean took the weapon without hesitation, ready to use it on anyone who stood between him and Cas. The man paused to look at the demon and could see a hint of amusement in his dark eyes. Crowley was really enjoying this for some reason.
Oliver and Sam both looked toward the bar, where Ollie's dad was staring toward them in shock. His face was pale and frightened, but was somehow still holding anger. And that pissed Oliver off even more. His dad didn't get to be angry! No, the only one who was allowed to be angry was
After the blue-eyed teenager spoke his mind, Clarence tossed Jude's hand away to grab the front of Jude's shirt with both hands. There was a panicked sense of frenzy in his eyes; an acutely worried and upset twinge that Jude never saw before.
The hard breeze was enough to make Jessie shiver in her purple jacket. The harsh wind seemed to pick up speed, blowing so hard that it tossed most of her hair to one side. The balloons taped to the edge of the table ripped free and danced away, all tangled together in a bouncing formation. Geez, that was strong! The rest of the family noticed the drastic change in the weather too, because they all lifted their heads and turned toward the direction it was blowing from to see if a storm was coming.
“No,” Dean interrupted groggily, shaking his head a little as he reached out to play with the end of the angel’s dangling blue tie, “’S alright, baby. I understand.”
“Bunker’s ready,” Dean explained, showing his car keys, “I’m driving. You guys want to ride with us?”
Jude gulped and hugged his papa a little tighter, trying to stop the tears before they started. Jude couldn't cry yet. He hadn't even made it into the study!
like John. And neither is your uncle Sam. They are both amazing dads and they will do everything they can to keep you and Jessie safe. Because they love you with all their hearts.”
Instead of getting up, the angel simply extended his hand and Dean's cell phone appeared in his palm. The man took it and looked up the number for roadside assistance before dialing it and holding the phone to his ear. While it rang, Dean used his free hand to feel all along Cas's hipbones and thighs, and indulged in the sensation of the angel's hands wandering over his body too. When a polite voice answered the phone, Dean cleared his throat.
Gabriel cupped his hands together in front of Jessica and they started to glow. Bright golden light shined from his palms, making Jess's eyes sparkle with amazement. She reached up to cling to his glowing thumbs with her tiny hands, seeming intrigued by the stunning color.
The man dashed over to block Cas’s path and stop him from leaving. The king seemed surprised, as if Dean was the first person to stand in his way in a long time. If he didn’t like Dean blocking the door, king Cas really wasn’t going to like what Dean was going to say next…
Being gentle, Castiel carefully leaned down to press his lips to his son's forehead, breathing in deep the heavenly scent of his soft skin and fine hair.
“Jessica, love, Fergie here is gonna be fine,” Rowena ignored Crowley's outburst to say, “I've slowed the curse down to a mere crawl. As long as I keep counteracting it with me own healing herbs, Fergus should last a few more days... And as for
From the moment he opened his eyes on the morning of his wedding day, he was clammy, flustered, and red faced. For the first three hours, people came in and out of his bed room in waves; waking him up, bringing him food, asking his preference of seating, getting him dressed, offering him advice. He almost felt like Dorothy from the Wizard of Oz; trapped in a cyclone of people and voices. Was this how every wedding day went? Was it normal to feel so scared and nervous? Or was Jude having it worse because of his own insecurity?
” Oliver corrected, throwing his ax to the floor so that he could ball his fists in rage, “I just drove all the way here to save you! This is my
Dean’s timid voice sounded fearful against the silence. But the archangel didn’t even react to the noise. He didn’t even flinch. Looking down at the pitiful state Gabriel was in made Dean think of Sam. He was so glad that Sammy wasn’t there to see this. It would have hurt the poor guy’s heart to see Gabriel so utterly broken beyond repair. Hell, it was even making Dean’s heart break…
But this time, Castiel was not an angel. With his grace left behind on Earth, Cas was merely a human. And it seemed to have its fair share of advantages
“I don't think these instructions are right,” Ollie grumbled, scratching his orange hair as he narrowed his eyes at the paper in his hand, “It says we need the big screws, but there aren't any big screws.”
Jude's heart throbbed painfully in his chest. Oh man, it sounded like Michael really cared about Adam. The guy had never left Adam's bedside, even after so many years. Did Michael think of him as a really good friend... or something more? If that was Clarence on the bed, Jude would never leave his side either. Maybe that meant...
The old man was tilting his empty coffee mug and staring down inside with a forlorn expression. The sight of Bobby's heartache pained Castiel, who had always admired the elder man's strong will and stoic composure. It was rare to see Bobby freely display such a private emotion. Wishing to cheer him up – or at the very least, temporarily take his mind off things – Castiel retrieved the pot of freshly brewed coffee from the counter and walked over to refill the man's mug. Bobby mumbled a soft 'thank you' before taking a drink of the warm liquid. Afterward, Castiel refilled Sam's mug as well, who was equally grateful. The only other person in the room with a mug was Dean, and there was just enough left in the glass pot to refill his to the rim.
She turned around to gesture to the other women and introduce them as some members of her family, after which she introduced Dean and Castiel as her “friends from the park with the most adorable kids in all of Kansas.” Dean and Castiel both smiled and waved politely to the new people. Cas found the interaction quite pleasing. It was nice to be introduced as a friend rather than an angel or mere acquaintance.
Castiel was standing directly next to Dean when they heard of the situation that Jane's family was in. Gabriel explained the entire phone call and how desperate her voice sounded, but when he got to the part where she requested lodging for her family in the bunker, Dean laughed aloud. He clearly thought that Gabriel was making a joke. But Castiel could sense that his brother was not lying. Gabriel was entirely honest about Jane's family coming to stay in the bunker. And when Dean slowly allowed the idea to sink into his conscious, he nearly exploded with rage. He yelled at both Gabriel and Sam for even considering the permission of any other people into their home. But toward the end of his harsh lecture, Jessica was able to calm him with a look of innocence and a small phrase of, “Please, uncle Dean? It's for my wedding.” To Castiel's great surprise, Dean's anger simmered to mere annoyance. He was still displeased with the thought of strangers in his home, but allowed it for his niece's sake.
“I could have done better,” she muttered, feeling tears press at the back of her eyes, “I could have done so much more, but I didn't -”
“Well, I just wanted you to know that Jessica is in labor. Cas and Gabe just took her to the infirmary. She's about to have the baby.”
“You've been closing your eyes a lot lately,” Dean pointed out, “and I know you don't sleep. So, there's gotta be something better going on in your head than there is out here.”
Jude looked up at the blonde guy in his arms and could see that his excitement had faded into a touch of resentment. He glanced between his two adoptive parents with an arched eyebrow and a stern expression.
“I will watch over the children,” he volunteered, not even blinking, “Gabriel is better suited for translating written language anyway.”
But when Clarence sat up from his makeshift bed on the floor, he saw that Jude was still asleep. His blue eyes were closed, his mouth was open and snoring quietly, and his hands weren’t anywhere near Clare’s. Instead, Clare’s hand had been resting up against Jude’s glowing stomach – which was moving ever so slightly. Clare stared at his husband’s bare abdomen, realizing it was nearly twice as large as it was the night before, bulging so much that Jude’s skin was pulled extra tight, and small bumps faintly appeared and disappeared against it from the inside. Jude didn’t wake up Clare that morning.
“Boys,” he began, glancing from Dean to Sam, “I know you've got a lot of, er, heavenly stuff goin' on in your own lives right now... but I sure would appreciate your help on somethin'...”
This chapter is a bit of an emotional rollercoaster that ends on a bittersweet note. Just wanted you to be prepared. lol ;) Enjoy!
Though Oliver was clearly trying to make this daunting task more enjoyable, Jude still couldn’t put his heart into it. Instead of indulging his friend, Jude started up the Impala, backed out of the stranger’s driveway, and headed for the interstate. It was only a twenty-minute drive back to the bunker to drop Ollie off… and then another five minutes for Jude to drive to his own house. It had been about six months since he and Clare moved out of the bunker and into a tiny home of their own. Jude usually visited his parents as often as he could. But with the mood he found himself stuck in, Jude didn’t think he could get away with seeing his parents without them asking what was wrong. Nothing was wrong, really. Jude had a perfect life, with a perfect husband, a perfect new house that was only five perfect miles away from the rest of his perfect family. He had money, good health, a car, clean water and a full kitchen. Jude had every single thing he had ever wanted… except for one…
“Mornin', baby bird,” Gabriel sang, “Thanks for waking up the munchkins. Want some coffee? Tea? Shot of espresso? Mimosa? Anything?”
“I've got an entire library of lore and contact numbers here, Sam. Ain't no better place to start huntin' than in my own backyard.”
decide to show his face, that is. The title of 'King' had gone straight to that bastard's head and Bobby knew it. But luckily, the old man was a patient hunter. He would wait in the garage all night if he had to. Dead bodies in his study be damned. Bobby stepped over to a stool and sat down to give his bad knee some relief as he blinked lazily toward the empty trap in the middle of the room. Yep. This was probably gonna take awhile. He should have grabbed a case of beer and a crossword puzzle before settling into his seat...
“No. I did it all by myself,” she mumbled without opening her eyes, “I'm a big girl, Daddy. I counted way up high.”
The last thing Dean remembered was the look of terror on Cas’s face and the sound of the angel desperately calling his name.
Gabe exhaled woefully. Poor little naïve kid. Jude still didn't realize the gravity of this awful situation, did he? His unbridled innocence made a somber smile return to Gabe's face.
Charlie was a very tiny baby; barely big enough to fill Jessica's slender arms. And she was really pink, like a bright wet flamingo. But as bizarre and tear-inducing as the birth had been, Ollie found that once he looked at Charlie, he couldn't take his eyes off her. Even when other people came into the room and she was gently being passed around, his sight still followed her; watching her move from one set of loving arms to the next. She was so small and
Jessica opened her eyes long enough to see her Dad get up and carefully journey into the study with Dean. The two of them talked quietly and Jessica could tell that uncle Dean's heart wasn't in his words. He was speaking and moving like a zombie, but after everything that had happened to poor Jude, it was understandable. With Dad in the study, Papa came around in front of Jessica to take his place. Pop knelt down in front of her and gently took both of her hands with his own. Though his golden eyes were bright, his smile was dim.
The man stepped over to wrap both arms around the short trickster and pick him up with a hug. Gabe seemed genuinely confused and uncomfortable with the affectionate embrace, but Dean couldn’t help it. Watching Gabe die had given Dean a new sense of gratefulness.
Luckily, Dean didn't have to act out any of these scenarios. Because the kid suddenly vanished from the demon's hands. Dean and the demon both blinked toward the open space, each just as confused as the other. Suddenly,
“Yeah. And severe lack of food and water causes the brain to hallucinate,” Jessie added, wanting to help, “You better drink up, Clare.”
“Playing a game,” Gabriel finished, slowly kneeling down to her level, “A, um, a grown-up game. Nobody got hurt, baby bunny. I promise.”
Clarence clenched his jaws as tightly as he could. He felt a very strong urge to ask the man – his father – about his musical experience; about where he learned the piano, what he liked to play, his favorite song... but Clare made himself hold it back. '
Sam gulped. Ugh, Gabe was so right. The hot tub looked so good... but they weren't supposed to be in here! It was after hours and the walls were made of glass! They were going to get caught and thrown out of the hotel!
“The aphrodisiac... It's different for every person,” Gabe said, reaching over to play with some of the bubbles, “It uses your favorite smell to turn you on...”
With his niece's prediction still working wonders on his heart, Dean awkwardly shifted around to open his door and climb out of the car. His first order of business was going to the back and getting Jude of his car seat. The little boy seemed so excited; grinning widely and practically scurrying into Dean's arms. Jude was clearly just as interested about getting inside the bunker as his cousin was. His tiny hands clung to Dean's shoulders as the man rounded the trunk to get to Cas. The blue-eyed angel met them with a warm smile and an extended hand, which Dean gingerly took with his own.
“Nice try, love,” Rowena interrupted, “but where do you think I got the idea for these gifts? I'll give you a hint. Robert Singer isn't a saint, and Hell isn't the only thing that gets Fergus all hot and bothered...”
It took a second for Oliver to realize what she was saying. But when he did, his face lit up as red as a stop light and his eyes popped wide open. He suddenly cleared his throat and looked away to hide a smile while Jessica giggled at him. Apparently, he forgot about what they were supposed to be doing on a honeymoon in the first place.
Though Gabriel clearly wanted to argue, he held his tongue and turned away to grimace. Jude watched and listened to the whole conversation as he slowly ate away at the pizza, not wanting to interrupt the serious conversation. But one of the twins suddenly lurched in his stomach and made him drop his food in shock. The sound of his gasp made the older angels all look toward him as he held both hands to his large stomach. It almost felt like one of the babies was trying to stand up in the womb.
Castiel was staring into Gabriel's eyes then, seeing the raw emotion and visible worry swelling in the golden orbs. In all the centuries Castiel had known him, Gabriel never appeared so heartbroken; so surprised and worried – and fearful.
Only after raking his fingers through Cas's dark hair did Dean allow himself to trudge toward the coffee maker across the room. Caffeine wasn't a choice today. It was a necessity. On the way there, Dean shared a mutual nod with his brother, who had already poured himself a cup and was taking a sip. Sam's lengthy hair was a mess, he was wearing his red-plaid robe and moose slippers – both of which were gifts from Gabe – but his weary eyes were directed on the pile of papers on the table. While Dean poured himself a cup of java, Sam wandered over to the angels.
Daddy laughed a little bit at what Ollie said, which made Jude smile. He liked it when Daddy laughed. Daddy always sounded so funny... It wasn't much longer until they got to Ollie's house. Jude knew it was Ollie's house because of the pretty pink flowers in the front yard. The sun shined on all the green grass and Ollie smiled real big.
Castiel nodded and turned to look at his son, who he assumed would be nervous about the flight back to their original time. Cas offered Jude an open arm, to which the young man slid in to hug the angel tightly from the side. Jessica took hold of Castiel's free arm as well. And once the seraph had both his son and niece in his grasp, he used the majority of his grace to transport them back to their current year. The flight took a few more seconds than normal, but they soon landed back in Robert Singer's salvage yard, next to a garage under a streetlight.
Jess had never seen such amazement and happiness in Aunt Rowena's eyes before. The orange-haired lady sprung up from her seat and gasped, covering her mouth with one hand and taking the gold ring with the other.
“Any spell you think might help us locate your cousin and trickster father,” Auntie Rowena replied with a smile.
All of the arguing started to eat away at Clare. He loved the Winchesters with every ounce of his soul and hearing them fight just made him sick. After giving his husband’s hand a squeeze, the demon got up and darted for the refrigerator. He was hoping to get away from the loud conversation and focus on something other than the fact that there might have been something wrong with his unborn child. Thankfully, a fresh jug of Sunny D was sitting on the second shelf. As Clare got it out and went to find a glass to put it in, he heard things starting to settle down behind him.
“Grandpa,” Clarence said toward Dad, giving him a wink, “Thanks for letting me crash in your Batcave for a while.”
“Castiel will kill you,” Death announced, “He will end your life, give your soul to me, and in exchange, I will break my contract with the warlock... Do we have a deal?”
“Not if you don't want to go blind,” Gabriel replied, “Besides, I can't afford any distractions. I need all the concentration I can get if you want it done right.”
“Well pardon me, yer highness, but that diaper's on backwards,” Bobby pointed out, raising an eyebrow.
The archangel started tugging the tall man away without another word, determined to make it to their room as soon as possible. Though his heart was pumping sudden arousal through his veins, Sam took the time to glance back and give his departing uncle a wave.
Bobby could see a red tint rising on Clarence's smiling face when the kid glanced away. He obviously liked getting all of this attention and praise. It made Bobby wonder how long the boy had gone without a doting parental figure in his life. While Rowena and Clarence walked and talked, Crowley edged closer to Bobby's side to whisper again.
“Yeah, he's okay. I just... I thought he had that stuff under control. I mean, I know he still hates flying, but the grace thing? Even Jessica knows how to use it,” Dean mumbled sadly.
Bobby immediately dashed into the study and started rummaging through a few cabinet drawers. In the meantime, Dean tried to get a hold of himself. He couldn't think straight and his whole body was shaking from the aftermath of flying through a hurricane. After a few breaths, he was able to stand up fully and walk back over to his husband while everyone discussed the plan. When Bobby retrieved a jug of oil, he quickly walked it over to hand it to Gabe.
“You mean other than Crowley trying to rule over Hell while Bobby hunts? I don't think so, Gabe,” Sam replied with a sigh.
Jude only shrugged and played with Bumble Bee in his hands. He had no idea how Dad and uncle Sam changed monsters. And while he agreed with Jessie's excitement, Jude was too distracted by the idea of his 'new' grandpa to think about hunting. Man, Jude really wished that he could have met him. If he was anything like Daddy, Grandpa would have been awesome...
. Sam never had a desk to do his homework on. He always did it on top of the dashboard of the Impala. Dean never had a bedroom where he could relax and listen to music. He always used the Impala's radio and the backseat. The Winchester brothers never had a backyard fort, where they could scratch their names into the wooden planks. They just carved their initials into the trunk of the Impala. Dean and Sam never had the privilege of living in a house with bedrooms, bathrooms, or a warm kitchen...
A future? Did Clare think that Jude was going to leave him or something? Before Jude could open his mouth and tell Clarence that he wasn't going anywhere... the demon gradually lowered himself down. On one knee. Jude's heart suddenly flew into a panic, pounding so hard that he could feel it in his ears. Holy shit! Clare was down on one knee! Was he going to
Out of the blue, Cas’s sniffles stopped and his head raised up. His ocean eyes were filled with tears, but his expression was one of caution; like he was listening closely to something. Dean paused to listen to the air too, but he couldn’t hear anything.
“Yeah, you got us, you furry little asshole,” Gabe grumbled with a smirk, splashing some of the hot tub water back at him.
Suddenly, Dean was darting away, running forcefully toward the entrance of the building with his weapon drawn. Sam was close at Castiel's side when the two of them chased after Dean. The angel knew what he was preparing to do. Dean was ready to kill Gabriel by any means necessary. The courtesy he had given the archangel was gone and his temper was out of control. There would be no stopping Dean from doing what he wanted, now. All Castiel could do was attempt to prevent Dean from killing the only brother he had left.
"I don't either," he admitted, "So, what should we do? How do we fact check this guy? Should we break out a lie detector or something?"
While the angel smiled down at the honey jar in his lap, he suddenly felt a pair of hands easing up his back. The large fingers crept over Castiel's shoulders and gave them a gentle squeeze as a pair of moist lips pressed against the angel's temple.
“But I... I can't do that, he's... He's a demon,” Bobby squeaked, bracing a hand against his own chest as if it ached.
“Yes. Precisely,” Cas nodded. “I know about the kiss. I also know about Meg, and Gabriel, and the horrific deaths that all his loved ones experienced. He showed me all of it… Dean, I’m not upset with you for comforting him. For comforting that version of me. Quite the contrary, I am deeply moved and humbled. This experience has proven just how much you love me.”
Cas's eyes were flickering between the jar of honey and Dean's face and his mouth opened to speak – but he was interrupted by a loud scratching sound. Everyone in the living room turned to look toward the front door where the noise was coming from. It was a tiny little scraping sound echoing from the bottom of the door, like nails were being dragged along the wood.
With his heart pounding, Jude carefully flew himself out from under Clare to stand up. The demon slumped carefully onto the bed, snoozing peacefully among the sheets and pillows. Jude quickly grabbed his pants and thrust them on, not even bothering with his shirt. He wanted to try something, and he had to do it quickly while Clare’s seed was still fresh… The angel closed his eyes and pictured a place he remembered hunting with his parents. It was a forest that some werewolves had occupied in the mountains of Wyoming, way out in the middle of nowhere. When Jude opened his eyes again, he was there, standing in the midst of huge trees, ferns, and flowers, with the blue sky above the treetops.
“Actually, yeah. That's a pretty good idea,” Gabriel jumped in to add, offering Sam some support, “Maybe if he hears someone's voice, he'll move around. Kinda like responding with dance.”
“Rowena, can you tell me where you purchased those things as well?” the angel in the trench coat asked, his voice still as serious as before, “I, um, I believe I know someone who would enjoy that type of activity.”
Though she didn't look up, Gabe could tell that his ten-year-old daughter was relaxing. The archangel shared a soft smile with his handsome husband over the seat as the car's engine started up again.
While Dean struggled to breathe, the blindfold was suddenly ripped away from his face and he was able to see who had stabbed him. Castiel was standing there like a statue with Dean clutching his arm. The trench coat and dark hair were dead giveaways, but he was different than Dean remembered. Cas’s blue tie was gone, his clothes were dirty and faded, and his eyes – the same sapphires that Dean adored so much – were void of all emotion. At least, they were at first. The moment he looked down and met eyes with Dean, however, utter shock quickly flashed over his face. The angel reached down to clutch Dean’s bloody chin and tilt his head up, quickly searching Dean’s blinking eyes as his mouth slowly fell open.
"You said you knew that guy," Sam reminded quietly, staring down at his baby girl's precious face, "Did you have a dream about him, or -?"
The archangel reached over and yanked Bobby's hand back out of his pocket to inspect it. All of the other adults in the room leaned closer to see it, too. The ring on Bobby's finger looked like it was made of solid silver, inlaid with an onyx band and lined with tiny rubies. The thing looked handcrafted and expensive as hell. Where did he get such a nice piece of jewelry? Did Crowley buy it? Did he
Jude figured that there must have been some kind of pleasant connection with Clare and the flowers he mentioned earlier. Clarence's throat quivered with a gulp, but a tiny smile appeared just below his tear-stained expression. Jude felt the demon's hands slide up his bare back, leaving goosebumps in their wake.
“Is there someone in particular you wish to invite to your wedding, Jude?” Cas gently asked, scrambling to figure it out, “A friend? Celebrity, perhaps? Superman? Or, um... A Prime Minister?”
Dean's sight traveled all over the immediate area, soaking in the beautifully familiar view. He recognized the set up; the quilt, the radio, the small open cooler near the blanket, the picnic table a few feet away, the golden California sky glowing around the mountains in the distance. Dean knew this place. He thought about this place all the time. This was where they made Jude so many years ago. This was where Dean's life took a change for the better...
Jude glanced between his parents and could practically feel the love and acceptance radiating from their eyes. Deep down, even though he didn't really want to admit it, Jude
Instead of chasing after Meg or going back to the garage, Dean took his beer and plopped himself at the kitchen table. Right where she had been sitting. There was a pain in his chest that felt like a heavy rock, weighing him down and making it hard to move. So rather than carry it through the bunker, he settled for taking shelter right there in his favorite room.
“Well, in Heaven, an angel doesn't have a physical body. Angels are just big, powerful creatures of light and sound waves,” uncle Gabe explained, “So when angels come to Earth, they have to inhabit a human body. Which means they have to ask someone to share
Jude immediately dropped down to crawl toward the headboard where is stuffed bee was waiting. In the meantime, Dean turned to head into the kitchen. He could feel that the front of his shirt was damp from where he had gotten Jude out of the bathtub, so he simply yanked the fabric up over his head and tossed it away. Dean was subconsciously taking advantage of finally having a bit of privacy. As long as little girls and annoying brothers weren't around, Dean wasn't going to worry about his own decency. He stepped out of his pants in the kitchen too, stripping down to just his black boxer-briefs, necklace, and socks. It felt kind of nice to walk around in his underwear without fear of someone seeing. This was just another one of the many reasons Dean wanted his own place; so that he could walk around in his underwear whenever he wanted. It made him miss the old days when he and Cas first became intimate and all they did was lay around naked together...
Clarence still tolerate her presence after everything that happened? Again, Clare stole a glance toward Jude in preparation, crouching near the floor so that he and Meg were almost on the same eye-level.
excitement. Physically, he felt woozy and queasy. But emotionally, Castiel was the happiest angel in the world.
Clare obliged, thrusting with every ounce of power he had. Jude absorbed the blows, pressing back with just as much power. Through the light of his grace, Jude could see that Clare was close to the edge. His handsome face was contorting, his mouth was dipping further open, and his breath was hitching.
At the foot of the gurney, Cas was gesturing to Jessica's lower half and giving Papa a terrified look.
“I love you, Cas,” Dean sighed, giving another small chuckle into the angel's ear, “Baby, I love you so much.”
Though uncle Gabe looked a little surprised to see the smile on Clarence's face, he slipped into the room to put the tray down. Jude carefully edged his way around Gabe to get to the door, feeling his face burning hot with embarrassment and utter joy. He didn't want his uncle to know that he and Clarence had just shared a steamy first kiss.
“Oh, I'm not doing this for you,” the demon denied, raising his hand to place it on Dean's shoulder, “By the way, next time you see Bobby Singer, tell him that hell sends its love.”
Before he spoke again, Dean looked down, shook his head, and reached out to take hold of Castiel's hands. Dean's fingers were warm and gentle around Cas's, tangling themselves between them.
Dean nodded back to the angel before patting the space beside him. The subtle gesture coaxed Cas into action. He stood up and stripped down to his baby-blue boxers – which happened to be Dean's favorite thing to watch – before crawling into bed next to his husband. Dean's arm automatically hooked around Cas's torso, like it did every night, and he pulled the angel close with a smirk. Cas, however, seemed to be lingering in his own thoughts.
“Well, I heard Crowley say something about finding you one of your own,” Bobby reminded with a smile, “C'mon, kid. I'll show you to your room.”
Before Jude took his Papa's hand, he spun around to shut off the stove. He didn't want the bunker to catch on fire while they were gone. With the kitchen safe – and even though he and Clare were still only in their boxer shorts – Jude took hold of both his Papa's and fiance's hand. Papa grabbed Dad with his free hand and the four of them flew out of the bunker together. Jude squinted his eyes shut and braced himself, hating the violent inertia of being pulled through space. But when his feet landed on a solid wood, the sounds of frantic voices distracted him from the discomfort.
Having that feeling – the feeling of not being required in his daughter's new adult life – was the only thing that Gabriel would have changed about her wedding day.
cheek to make him feel better. In the meantime, Ms. Jane walked passed them with a large gift bag in her hand. Her brown eyes and big smile made Jude's bubbly feeling return.
true,” Crowley stated, tilting his glass forward, “Moose and squirrel have both found birds to mate with. What a charming fairytale life you boys lead.”
Dean held the door open for his little brother and followed him inside before turning around to firmly close the door behind them, making sure the protective seal was complete again on the outside. Sam instantly made a b-line for the couch, where he sat down next to Gabriel and started chatting quietly. Dean was on his way over to speak to Cas when he got distracted by the huge mound of baby stuff on the living room table.
Everyone in the kitchen turned around to see Bobby standing in the doorway. The old man looked like he had been awake for a while, already dressed with a hat on his head and a mug of coffee in his hand. And for some reason, just looking at Bobby made Dean feel better. If there was anyone in Dean's tiny circle of family that would know exactly what he was going through, it was Bobby. The guy had almost been a dad, once upon a time. He knew what it was like to find out that he was having a baby. Granted, the poor guy had to kill his wife while she was pregnant, but he was still
“Si. Charlie is beautiful,” Mom replied, raising her wet eyes to smile at Jessica, “Guapa, you did an amazing job.”
? What the hell was he talking about? The brothers both turned to look at the older man at the table, trying to figure out why he said it. Bobby's face had grown bright red, like he had just been caught saying a curse word in front of his parents. Steam was practically rolling off the top of his hat.
His loud voice got the attention of his father and the ghoul. They both looked toward him, each equally surprised to see him standing there. Oliver gripped his ax a little tighter and gave the ghoul a scowl.
blood. Dean's precious face was glistening with tears as he stared down at his little brother's pale face. Even from the small distance, Castiel could see that it was too late. Sam's aura had already faded away. His eyes were half open and blood was still oozing from the corner of his mouth. But he was gone.
One of Cas’s hands timidly patted the back of Dean’s shoulder while the man tried to catch his breath.
The ghoul slowly smiled, backing slowly away from the bar with a giggle. Her sight was solely fixed on Oliver now, which gave his dad time to hunker back down behind the bar. Oliver was glad the ghoul was staring at him, though. He knew how to handle this situation far better than his dad did. The ghoul gestured to the empty room around them with a devilish grin.
Aunt Rowena was situated at a table all to herself, and the tiny lady looked really frazzled this morning. Her orange-red hair was tangled in messy curls around her shoulders and she was wearing a black robe like she just got out of bed. But her eyes were wide awake. Auntie Rowena lifted her head and gave an honest grin when she saw Jessie come up to the table.
The strangest look flashed across Jude's face. The kid's mouth fell open and he went a little pale in his seat.
“Uh-huh. You're the princess, Daddy is the king, Jude is the knight, and Dickie is the butter,” she explained.
While Jessie sat with her boys at the table, she caught sight of her parents walking into the kitchen. Dad and Papa were both dressed and ready for the day – well, Papa seemed ready for the day, anyway. Dad, on the other hand, seemed a little sluggish. He walked over to join uncle Dean at the coffee maker while Papa skipped over to the table.
,” he replied, resting his forehead against Cas's, “I don't know where the hell I'd be without you.”
“Nice to see you too, honey,” Lucifer winked, “Consider yourself lucky. I’ve never kissed anyone in my life.”
Jude quickly reached over and yanked the small band away from Clare. The demon didn't even put up a fight. He let Jude take it without even looking at him. Once the beautiful ring was safely back in Jude's possession, the angel immediately slipped it back on his finger where it belonged. It twinkled a little in the soft purple light of dawn, reminding Jude of the first time he saw it back in the bunker. Clare was so happy when he first gave the ring to Jude. Why would he want to take it away now? Jude lowered his hand to look at the demon, who was now staring sadly at the glistening, dew-covered ground.
And with that, the Solo Series draws to a close. :) I know this ending leaves a lot of questions about Bobby and Crowley up in the air, but I'll leave it to you to decide what has/will transpire between them. As I was writing this the first time, I had an entire Crobby arc planned out in my head (and I still remember most of it,) but I didn't want to take anything away from Destiel and Sabriel. I hope you guys enjoyed this ridiculously long, angsty, smutty, weirdly humorous fic. And I truly appreciate you taking the time to hang in and wait months at a time for the rest of it. You're the best readers anyone could ask for, and I hope you're satisfied with the ending! <3
The baby didn't reply to Dean's voice. He only gripped the man's finger a little tighter and stared up at him with eyes that resembled Cas's. Oh, God, Dean was never going to be able to resist those beautiful eyes. Dean raised his head to look at Cas, feeling like the happiest man on earth. Cas smiled back as best he could while he held pressure against his own wound. The angel was crying too, making his pale face glisten with tears.
Gotta love when Crowley proves someone wrong, am I right? ;) Now that line he says to Dean in chapter 12 makes sense, huh? Plus, that 'Juliet' thing finally came full circle in this added chapter, I guess. Way to go, Dickie! Lol. :D He's like the only dog in existence that has ever fooled around with a hellhound. (And a royal hellhound, at that!) I hope that you all enjoyed my very first taste of Crobby. I may even do more for them in the future. Who knows. *shrugs* :) Thank you guys so much for reading and commenting on this fic. The next part of this Series is called 'Seeds' and I will get to work on revising it soon so I can publish it here. Again, thank you all so much! I really hope you enjoyed it so far! Please let me know what you think! <3
Before Dad could even open his mouth to protest, Papa grabbed his arm and flew away; disappearing from the room and leaving Ollie and Jess alone. Jess giggled at her parents' delight before her eyes dropped to the paper on the map table. The words 'Will you marry me' were still situated on the page, staring back at her with subtle enthusiasm. In her mind, Jessica already decided that she was going to glue the magazine letters to the page and keep it forever, as a physical memory of when her future husband asked her to marry him... Jess sighed blissfully as she tightened her arms around Ollie's shoulders and blinked back at him.
“What about doves?” Papa asked, his blue eyes moving between Jude and Clare with curiosity, “I've heard that some cultures release doves or pigeons during special occasions, such as weddings and funerals. I assume the act is supposed to be symbolic in some way. I can try to acquire some, if you'd like.”
Dean huffed. Great. Just what every town needs – a nice demon infestation. The man peered toward the naked angel on the bed again to look over Cas's bare stomach and tight chest and softening dick all covered in come just one more time. Dean knew that he wouldn't get to see this sight for a while and he wasn't going to waste the opportunity to soak it all in now, dammit.
we did it,” Sam explained further, “His grace completely destroyed the farmhouse, but it worked. Jess was made.”
“G – Gabe, we can't do this now,” Sam protested, able to hear the desperation hidden in his own voice.
The air escaped Sam's lungs as he felt his heart plummet. He was suddenly recalling that morning in the motel kitchen when Jessica looked up at him with confusion in her eyes and softly muttered, '
The angel paused once more to look back and meet Clare's sight. The demon curled his arm tighter around Jude's back, bringing the two of them closer together on the small bed.
“Sounds to me like you’re refusing to follow a direct order,” Meg interrupted in a sharp tone. “Take off the hood. Now.”
“Thanks for taking me to get my nails done, Ms. Jane,” Jessie said, lifting her head to look at the pretty lady next to her.
When Clare's fingers raked up into Jude's hair, he accidentally knocked the glasses away from Jude's eyes. It rendered him unable to see his own wings, but it brought back the sight of Clarence's lovely human face. His skin was back to its creamy pale color, his face was rounder again, and his eyes – those beautiful jade forests – were back to their usual chestnut color. Seeing Clare's familiar external appearance made Jude even more aroused than before. The angel quickly reached down between them to grasp his own member and start stroking it, using some of the lube from his stomach for better friction.
“Holy shit, I broke Death’s scythe,” he pulled away to say, instantly looking around, “She’s gonna be pissed. Where’s Mike and Lucifer?”
“Because I love you, Cas,” he answered, running his hands along the front of the angel's torso, “and because this is our first date and I want you to be happy.”
“Dad and uncle Sammy?” Jude breathed, “But, you said Michael and Lucifer were going to fight each other.”
“Y – Yes, of course,” Crowley nodded, sounding kind of disappointed, “Do you need me to get you back?”
Jessica's jaw dropped and she nearly jumped out of her seat. The zoo?! Where all the animals were?! They were all going to see them?! All together?!
Jude didn't have to look up from his Papa's lap to know who had spoken. He would know that voice anywhere; not by the sound itself, but by the powerful emotion that the words left in his heart. It was Grandpa Chuck in his human form. And he must have been standing just across the broken road, because almost everyone else was glaring in that direction.
But, even as he thought this, Dean hugged Cas tighter than ever. If the unthinkable happened – if Cas died horribly, if he left and never came back – Dean's whole damn world would stop turning. Dean couldn't even bare to imagine a life in which Cas's deep voice didn't exist anymore, or his tender lips, or his precious eyes. The damn sun would burn out! The stars would fall out of the freakin' sky! Cas was the glue that held the broken shards of Dean together – and if he was
Bobby smiled down at the face he had grown very fond of over the last few years and sighed contently.
“Hi,” he began, “I just came down Glade Creek road outside of Lebanon, and there's a guy in an orange '69 Dodge Charger broken down on the side of the road. He probably needs some help.”
Across the room, the bedroom door opened and Dad walked in. He closed the door behind him when he entered, probably to give them all some privacy. He stepped over with his hands in his pockets to smile down at Jude.
“Okay,” Dean allowed gruffly, “but it sounds like you're gonna need all hands on deck if you want to catch this guy. How exactly are we supposed to keep this a secret from Bobby, Cas, Sam, and everyone else if you want their help?”
Castiel smiled brightly at Dean's gratefulness, feeling proud. He was glad that he could give Dean just as much happiness as Dean always gave him. While they caught their breath, Castiel suddenly realized that the sun had finished setting. The moon and stars were gradually emerging over head, casting a soft glow on the forest around them. Dean's beautiful face was glistening as he stroked Castiel's bare back.
“In the meantime, the rest of us are going on lock down,” Dean stated boldly, his eyes slowly traveling between every person in the room, “Everybody stays together for a few days until we get this sorted out. That means no leaving the bunker, not even for beer runs. We keep an ear to the angel radio and look for warning signs. If you find something that seems off, you let everyone else know. And for Chuck’s sake, use the buddy system, alright? The last thing we need is a family member going MIA,” Dean paused to gesture to his slightly-glowing son next to him, “We’ve got babies coming in about a week’s time and we’re gonna need all hands on deck. If Lucifer’s planning to start trouble, we have to be ready. Got it?”
“Oh, by the way,” Gabe whispered, putting on his best smile, “Our kids are going to hook up when they get older. And if all goes well, your son will have
something fishy about the car being fixed. Something bad was in that box, Dean could feel it. Maybe a severed head,or a picture of Gabe and Sam kissing.
“That almost sounds like a weakness,” Crowley pointed out, “Perhaps we can use that to our advantage somehow.”
Before she answered, Jessica led her red-haired boyfriend toward the stairs. She and Oliver nestled themselves next to Clare and Jude on the stairs, burrowing into their space without so much as asking. Clare was a little bummed that his and Jude's alone time was over, but seeing the moist lines on Jess's face from where she had been crying made him reconsider. Neither of the new arrivals said anything at first. They just sat down and stared blankly toward the salvage yard. But Oliver seemed to be able to talk before Jess. The ginger reached out to give Clare's back a single, manly pat.
Dean wasn't really sure what he wanted from the kitchen. Maybe a beer or something, since he was kind of thirsty. He strolled quietly into his favorite room in the bunker with the refrigerator in view... and noticed a figure sitting at the table in the dim light. Dean paused to double-take, feeling the urge to reach for his waistband out of instinct. But as soon as he saw the familiar silhouette of spiked hair, Dean realized it was his own son and exhaled the breath he had taken. Jude was sitting at the table by himself with a half-full glass of milk placed in front of him. The kid was so zoned out that he didn't notice his father come in.
“You don't have to say it. I know you hate that we're together,” Oliver spat, narrowing his brown eyes toward Sam in the dark, “Ever since we were kids, you always tried to get between us. When I took her to that dance, you showed up and ruined it -”
The angel's head tilted a bit as he listened to the man speak. His voice was faintly familiar. The pitch was a bit lower than Castiel remembered, but yes. Cas had heard this man's voice before. Perhaps the man had been out of breath the first time Castiel heard it, because the angel was suddenly imagining strenuous noises mixing with his voice. Did Castiel hear this man moan before? It seemed highly possible...
The sound of shuffling footsteps entered the kitchen and Castiel soon felt a pair of soft, moist lips press against the side of his neck. Large warm hands slid around to hold the angel's hips and hot breath brushed against his jaw. The sudden sensation of being hugged and kissed from behind caused chills to echo down Cas's body, but he didn't need to turn around to know who it was. In fact, the heavenly scent of leather and musk that filled the air was enough to give Castiel proof that his husband had entered the room.
“Holy shit, man,” he scoffed, sounding genuinely impressed, “Thanks? I mean, you totally didn't have to -”
Jude’s voice trailed off when Clare’s chestnut eyes shot up to give him a hard look. The momentary silence allowed a grim air to seep into their conversation before Clare blurted.
Jessica's voice became quiet, as if she was stopping herself from continuing. But the mention of having children of her own seemed to spark everyone's interest.
“There are some textbooks in there too, Jess. We're gonna start learning about the solar system and the Revolutionary war soon, okay?” he said.
Castiel glanced down at the child in his arms, eying her golden head and small ears. She had fallen asleep some time ago, after nestling back into the cavity of his chest. The angel had a feeling that Sam's careful driving had aided her slumber, gently lulling her to sleep with the subtle vibrations and hum of the car's engine. Perhaps, for a child, the hushed sounds and motions were reminiscent of time spent in the womb, recreating the comforting effects of being safe inside another body.
people in the room. A younger man, who appeared to be close to Clare's age, was laying on the hospital bed. There was oxygen under his nose, An IV in his arm, a tube coming out of his mouth, and various other medical wires attached to his body. Jude was no expert, but it almost seemed like those machines were keeping the guy alive.
Sam took a deep calming breath before leaning down further to meet Gabriel's mouth with his own. The archangel welcomed the man's kiss tongue first, wiggling it inside Sam's mouth to lick against his. The forceful tongue action made Sam muffle a laugh, causing the corners of Gabe's lips turn upward with satisfaction. Bingo. Over-the-top kissing always made Sammy feel better.
Sorry for the feels. :( It sounded like most of you were split on the decision to redeem Lucifer’s character or not, so I settled for middle ground. He’s somewhat redeemed, but his soul will remain in the Empty. (If the Winchesters ever need him for anything, they know where to find him. Lol) ;D When he was helping Jude in the beginning of the chapter and Jude thanked him, I couldn’t help think of the meme from Wreck-It Ralph. “Thanks, Satan.” XD Though we didn’t see it, Castiel tried everything in his power to bring Jude back. That was why he was sobbing so loudly when Jude woke up. (Jude’s his baby! Of course he was freaking out!) ;D And I’m so sorry, but I couldn’t pass up the opportunity to knock the memories out of Gabriel’s head and let him flirt with Sam for a second. I was in dire need of some Sabriel fluff and Gabe always delivers. ;D From here on out, It will be nothing but fluff, folks. This story is finally winding down, and I’m gonna try my best to provide the sweetest ending possible for each character. And the very last chapter will be extra special. ;) I cannot thank you enough for reading this fic and giving me valuable feedback. You are the best human beings on the planet, and I wish nothing but good things for all of you during this difficult time! Thank you so much! :D The next chapter will be out soon! :)
“Gabriel,” Raphael said, his voice so deep and haunting that it gave Jude a chill, “It's been too long.”
The bunker was bigger, cleaner, and more detailed than Bobby originally imagined. Here he thought the place was going to be a run-down hole that the boys would have to fix up, but no. The underground space was actually fully-functional and livable, and it made Bobby proud.
Overcome with surprise and guilt, Dean carefully shook himself out of the kiss. The two of them both panted and looked in different directions, filling the room with the sound of breath as their lips tingled. Dean saw the coat strap tied to his forearm and started trembling. Oh, shit. What about Cas? If he ever saw his Cas again, how was he going to explain this?
Dean blinked toward his little brother, trying to remember what the hell he was talking about. Oh, yeah. The case. Dean had forgotten all about the damn thing. The man took the time to think about it, wondering which nursing homes were close in town.
“Well, you got what you wished for. I'm completely surprised. Especially by the outfit,” Dean said, pausing to feel along the lace garter wrapped around Cas's thigh, “Where the hell did you get it, Cas?”
The two of them cuddled close at the kitchen table for a few moments, quietly caressing each other’s faces and pecking kisses, before footsteps came into the room. Sam, Gabriel, and their dog strolled in with messy hair and concerned expressions, with Sammy looking half asleep. The giant kid rubbed his eyes as he walked over to put a hand on Dean’s shoulder.
“Clare suggested ‘Fergus’, after Crowley. But I don’t want to ruin our child’s life like that,” he muttered.
“I know,” Clare exhaled, shoving his cup of juice away so that he could cross both arms on the table and hang his head, “I just wish I could convince Jude of that.”
With all her might, strength, and grace, Jessica took the massively heavy Impala and flew it out of the bunker. She didn’t go very far, only a few yards up the street outside. But the ground quaked just as much in the open as it did in the bunker. The nearby streetlights overhead flickered and waved around, some falling over with loud smashes and leaving areas in the dark. Trees swayed violently, the ground shook like crazy under her bare feet, and giant spiderweb cracks formed in the road ahead.
Dean felt pretty sure about his own conclusion... until he saw a somber look drift across Chuck's face. The guy exhaled and looked down at the table sadly, as if he was confronted with a painful truth that he didn't want to acknowledge.
“Tell me, Michael,” Crowley purred, “How did you manage to get out of the cage? I put every trap known around that blasted box, yet here you stand, while your brother remains imprisoned. Care to explain?”
“You are not 'male', Gabriel,” Michael corrected quietly from the end of the bed, “Angels do not have genders. We are made of light and celestial wavelengths. We lack any and all physical attributes, such as reproductive organs, therefore -”
“Oh, don't try to blame the community, pal,” Gabe spat as he stood up from his chair to glare down at the principal. “You know we could sue your ass for even threatening this kind of prejudice, right?”
Instead of heading straight for the kitchen, Sam decided to wander around and call for Dickie. Part of him was fearful that something bad had happened to the poor dog. What if he got stuck somewhere? What if he tried to hump a high voltage fence? What if that demon-kid Clarence did something mean to him?
Dean was sort of grateful that Sam and Gabriel were going off to do their own thing. It gave him and Cas the privacy they needed to talk to their son. Jude was still wearing that look of cautious wonder when Dean carefully lowered him down to sit him on one of the tables in the study. The man sat down in a chair directly in front of him afterward so that they could talk at an even level.
Dean's mouth actually fell open a little. Lucifer knew Jessica by name? But how? Shit, did he know about Jude too? How the hell did Satan find out about the Winchesters' kids? Was he able to pick up angel radio in the cage or something? And what happened to Michael and Adam? Why was Lucifer alone? What the hell?
Gabriel knew that the demon king had the ability to fly. He just hoped that the guy would heed his warning and do as he was told for once. Luckily, Gabe felt his dog disappear from his fingers, which meant that Crowley must have flown away. After that, Gabriel couldn't fight the wind anymore. It was too powerful for his human self to fight against. The last thing that passed through Gabe's mind as he felt himself being sucked away was Sam. Oh God, he forgot to say goodbye to Sam. How could he have forgotten to say goodbye to his own husband?! Ugh, Gabe was the shittiest person in the world! Sam was going to be so sad without him! But there was nothing he could do now. It was too late.
"I guess there's no harm in popping over to Jane's a little early," he shrugged, "Come on, Moosie. We're flying."
“Uh, yo, Dean, Cas,” Clarence turned around to look at Jude's parents while holding Jude's hand, “Is it cool if I crash here tonight?”
Gabe's heart almost broke in two. Aw, dammit. He forgot that Jude and Jess were hardly ever apart from each other. Separating them was almost like separating twins. Hoping to make her feel better, Gabriel paused to scoop Jessica up into his arms before continuing down the hall. The little girl laid her head on her Papa's shoulder and hugged him tight. And in that moment, Gabriel felt as much like as a mom as he did when he was pregnant with her.
He carefully reached over and took Jude's tiny hand, letting the plastic Batman and Superman slide together in their palms. The man made sure he had his child's full attention before he said his next words.
“Meg is loyal to me,” Cas corrected. “She joined me without a fight and was responsible for turning most of the other demons toward our cause. She does as I say, so I allow her to… demonstrate her fidelity with affection.”
Lucifer’s passing. The archangel shed genuine tears when Lucifer’s grace exploded. Even after everything Lucifer had done, Michael still loved him. Right to the bitter end…
Jude smiled and nodded proudly, remembering the night clearly in his mind. He thought that Clarence would be impressed to find out that Jude's grandfather was God – but, surprisingly, Clarence just laughed and shook his head.
Lucifer slipped over and rolled her back so that he could place his hand against her forehead. If he couldn’t get her to tell him where the scythe was, he could at least look through her memories and see where she put it. The most recent one, besides the encounter they just had, was fresh. Though the picture was blurry, Lucifer could make out the shape of the scythe in her hand – as well as a couple of familiar faces looking back at her. The blonde hair and golden grace was unmistakable. It was Gabriel, Lucifer’s little brother. And next to him was the offspring Gabriel had with Lucifer’s vessel. The image pulled a chuckle out of Lucifer’s mouth as he broke away to look down at Death’s limp body.
Cas interrupted Dean's fearful excuses by reaching down to caress his face. Dean gulped at the gentle sensation of Cas's soft fingers touching his cheeks and sliding up to run through his hair.
“It's a spell, Dad,” Jessie explained, “Auntie 'wena's gonna do a spell and its gonna make a line from your ring to Papa's.”
Oliver nodded and paused to rack his brain. There had to be a reason Jess was feeling so terrible. But for the life of him, he couldn't figure it out. And whenever there was a problem that he couldn't solve himself, he always turned to the people who were much smarter than him...
