“Morning,” he greeted him with the smallest smile. He was scared of giving away how he felt. “Steve?” He asked while he still felt emotionally strong enough. “Can we talk later? About... what I did?” He didn’t dare to put it into words. The pride he had felt about having done it was gone. Something else filled that space in Tony’s heart and it didn’t feel good at all.
When the time came to set sail to their first destination they went outside all bundled up. They stood at the back and Tony stared at the Statue of Liberty. The last time he had traveled anywhere was before either of his siblings had been born and he barely remembered anything from then. This time it was different. He was determined to remember everything and enjoy their trip to the fullest.
“Stomach. There was a lot of blood.” The man answered and led them towards an empty room. Two men Tony had never seen before were standing in front of the door and opened it for Sarah. “It’ll take some time before we get more information.”
“So, I’m glad we had yet another house rules meeting but I think Sam and I have some unfinished business,” Bucky said, standing and leading Sam off to their bedroom.
Instead, he went to his room and shut the door, crawling into his bed and curling up to sleep. Steve didn’t nap, but today he would. Today there was nothing else he wanted to do other than forget about the world for a little bit. He briefly considered calling James’ home to see if he was really there hiding out, but he needed to respect the space James had requested.
Tony gave Steve a look when he replied in English. “Nice to meet you, Pinky,” he replied and shook his head. “So, how do you know each other?”
Tony said and moved to sit on Steve’s bed, carefully taking his hand. “Are you safe now? Not here. I know here it is safe for you. But… when you go home. And go back to work?”
“See?” Tony responded with a small smirk, now feeling much more comfortable with Steve next to him. “I don’t know what he said but he’s right. Is there anything you want me to bring you back?”
He tossed their files in the trashcan that was underneath his desk and put Seàn’s back into his desk drawer. Dugan was out talking to him right at that moment.
“Do you think they’re alright?” Steve finally asked, having had enough of the chilling silence and his loud, unrelenting thoughts. Every time he closed his eyes he saw Tony curled up in some awful place, scared and alone. He clenched his fist, trying to force himself to just think about getting him back.
“Yes, of course,” Tony said. He knew it. Because he had killed Howard and there wasn’t a single person on this planet he would allow to treat him or his brother the way Howard treated them. “You’re safe here,
Each ring was like a stab in the chest. He knew that Clint needed to get out and reconnect with the world—that it was the best thing for his overall health and recovery because he couldn’t stay holed up in the house forever—but at the same time, he absolutely detested the idea of him being outside.
Steve shot James a quick glance his mother missed and James shook his head imperceptibly. Well, imperceptibly to Sarah. They would talk more about this later when she was gone again. Sarah sighed, knowing she wouldn’t get to hear Steve’s unfinished thought.
“As much as I would love to watch the life fade out of his eyes,” James said casually and it was in moments like these that Steve understood why James was considered more frightening than he was, “I thought we wanted to find out where he hid his accounts?”
Steve had stepped back, his eyes wide and furious, glaring at Natalia, about to give her a piece of his mind and that was enough to pull James out of his blind fury and keep Steve from snapping at her.
“I don’t really think you get to ask those kinds of questions when you’re the one who broke in and fell asleep on
“I’m no doctor,” he began, “but if there’s one thing I’ve learned it’s that people need affection and hugs and to be the recipient of these things. Not just the giver. Does something funny to us when we go too long without it, no matter how old we may be.” He turned on the faucet to let more water into the sink. “James doesn’t have any family. At least not blood. Ma and I are his family. He’s a grown man. Head of the Russian mob, known for all kinds of horrors...” he trailed off for a moment, letting the words sink in, and then he turned his head to look at Tony just briefly while he spoke his next words, “...and he still needs that affection. Sometimes from me. Sometimes from ma. Likely why she visited him this morning.” Which was partially true even if Steve didn’t know it. “James is thirty. You’re eighteen. How much more so you need it and there’s nothing to be ashamed of for needing a basic human requirement.”
James’ hands came up to hold Clint, one hand fisted in his hair and the other pressing on his back between his shoulder blades to keep him close. The cigar fell to the balcony floor, forgotten.
“It makes me feel good to win against a machine,” he said with a cocky grin, picking up his mug to take a sip himself. Clint’s question made him sigh and he checked to see if the doors were closed. “Not so good. I’m trying to be good because I worry Steve… I can see he wants to talk about it and know what happened but I don’t want him to know. You know?”
“Sir?” Tony asked confused and looked down on the plate. “I shouldn’t be gone for too long. Pepper can’t run the store alone around this time.” He appreciated the gesture but he simply couldn’t stay to eat. At least he had the foresight to change into better clothes this time around and he was grateful for it, even though it was simple black pants and a black sweater on top.
Lucky propped himself up on his hind legs and rested his front legs across Clint’s lap, scratching at him and whining worriedly.
“Sounds like,” she began, straightening her blouse again, “he’s got you wrapped around his little finger.”
The only consolation to be found, although incredibly small, was that it didn’t seem that Bakuto or his men had touched Clint or Tony prior to taking the photos. The bruising was fresh, not dark enough yet, and the blood seemed to still be flowing, not dried and stuck to them. So Bakuto had told the truth. He would keep them until he got what he wanted.
He looked out of the back window and saw the glint of the gun in the moonlight from a window three stories up and about twenty feet behind him to right of the car. He couldn’t see the other kid but he just knew Falsworth wasn’t alone.
Maria turned to him, surprised, and he apologized quietly. She shrugged and leaned back, not bothered by the contact, just surprised. Still, he lowered his hand and looked around the room before his eyes went to Clint who smiled knowingly at him, nudging his foot under the table. James sighed. What he wouldn’t give to be able to wrap his arm around Clint’s shoulders or even hold his hand under the table without arousing suspicion.
Tony didn’t just change oil or fix broken hubcaps, he modified, restored, and sometimes even completely rebuilt old cars, new cars,
“One minute,” he said and gently peeled Pepper off of him, trying not to show that she had squeezed and touched some spots that were still sore and aching. “We’re okay, Benni and I. A lot has happened. I... can’t talk right now though.”
“I keep saying this, I know. Thank you, Steve,” Tony said and turned around. “It’s beautiful.” The thick curtains were dark blue and Steve stood with his back to them. He fit in perfectly with the room. His posture perfect, the jacket over his shoulders and one hand in his pocket. The contrast between the blue of the curtains and the blue of his eyes was astonishing.
When Steve’s fingers had pulled away from the keys, he stared at them blankly, feeling empty and helpless and then there were arms around him and he was so deep in his own mind he hadn’t heard anyone approach and he tensed, realizing he had nothing to defend himself with but also accepting that fact. And then he recognized the scent of the person holding him and he relaxed but only a little.
They pulled away, not saying a word but simply smiling at each other before they made their way to their home where they were greeted by Sarah as soon as she noticed them. Tony left them to each other to go and change.
Tony didn’t feel like working on Monday. Not with his mind anyway. He wanted simple physical labor, idle chatter during the day, being physically exhausted at the end of it so he could just fall asleep. Falsworth offered to teach him boxing but Tony wasn’t about to start hitting things, or worse, people. Dugan then offered to do strength training with him. Something they had done in the army while they served. And finally Jones suggested Tony could always go for a run, saying that was what helped him every now and then.
“And when we have them, we’re going to torture that fucker and burn everything he loves to the ground while he watches,” James said.
He lunged at Steve with a knife but Steve caught the sound of his shoe on the rough ground and moved with a second left, grabbing him by his arm and snapping it. The boy screamed and in no time Dugan was downstairs.
about implying that what happened was in any way your fault, Clint. Okay?” Clint nodded and James waited for verbal confirmation.
He came over as quickly as his cast would allow him, especially since he was disregarding the doctor’s orders to use his crutches.
Steve was sitting in front of the cookies and Sarah smacked his hand as he reached for another one. She knew this would be one way she could get her son to sit down and fill his stomach.
“If he doesn’t make it, neither will any of you,” he said darkly, the blade he’d just used on Falsworth in his hand, still tipped red. He looked at each of them in turn and then left to call Sarah.
Before he met Clint, James was sure he knew all the things he hated most in life. He hated socializing with strangers—especially when the need arose to put up a pretense of caring about what the other person was saying—and he hated being the last to know something, especially when it was important or impacted him directly. He hated snow and rain and just being wet in general unless he was inside, warm, and away from it all. And he hated a few other random, trivial things like any other person does.
Sarah didn’t let Steve or Tony help with the dishes and even sent Benni on his way. It was relatively early but Tony decided to use the extra time to read more from Benni’s book to his brother since there were only three chapters left. It would make a nice cut and no one would be left hanging or wondering how it continued.
“Yeah, yeah… Tony just thought we should update you,” he said, feeling very uncomfortable. All he could focus on was his drug-induced mental breakdown so he hastily handed the phone back to Tony. She didn’t know Steve got the way he did when he was drunk or high. She’d never seen him be either. She didn’t know Steve felt so broken deep down inside and he would keep it that way.
“Hey,” he said softly and Clint looked up. The dog was on the couch now, his head rested on Clint’s thigh while Clint scratched his ears.
“Good afternoon, Mr Rogers, how can we help you?” a young man said, clasping his hands together to keep them from trembling as Steve had noticed.
Steve had told Tony that he had something that needed taking care of and he’d be back at the office sooner or later that day. Even though he left with his usual men who would protect Steve at all cost, Tony couldn’t shake the feeling that something bad was going to happen.
get upset? She will protect you. And so will I. And Steve.” Tony pulled away from the hug and dried Benni’s face with the sleeve of his sweater. Not unlike Tony, Benni cried in silence most of the time but that didn’t mean that Tony didn’t notice.
He sighed. “It’s Tony.” She was laughing again and it confused Steve. He tilted his head to the side, waiting, an unimpressed eyebrow raised. “Alright, what is it?”
Clint and Natalia heard from the hallway. They listened as Lucky’s taps got closer again because there was no sound to be heard from James’ approach.
James came to Steve’s home because Steve had said Tony had not been keen on leaving the house and Clint was starting to get cabin fever and was desperate for a change of scenery. James had a feeling he meant more than another neighborhood in Brooklyn but they would talk more about what that could be once Clint was feeling up to it.
Now it was more of a safe house situation. Everyone was constantly exhausted, constantly on edge, and missing Clint and Tony more and more as the days went by.
“Have a favorite room yet?” Steve said, moving in closer to where he was, arms still tucked perfectly over him. “Benni knows this already, but you’re welcome to wander as you please. Only room off limits is my own.”
“I got it from here,” he snapped, moving away from Tony and into the bathroom. He shut the door behind him and leaned against it.
“Hush and go to sleep, pet, I’m fine,” Sarah said and gently guided Tony into Benni’s bed, tucked both in, and gave each of them a good night kiss on the forehead, turning the lights back off and closing the door. Tony held his brother but was unable to go back to sleep. He had no idea how much this all had affected Benni despite all his efforts to keep the boy safe from the beating. Now he realized that he had had the same experience as Tony but as bystander and not as the one taking a beating.
When Steve pulled away Tony was flooded by a wave of emotions and questions. Had he done something wrong? Why did he stop? Was he already regretting it?
“Not bothered, just thinking,” Tony said and watched the kids chase each other, laughing. It was still very cold but they seemed to enjoy it. Afterwards they planned to go to a diner to have hot cocoa and cake. Sarah had given Tony money and a kiss and told him to have fun.
After a while Clint even went back to work, despite his bum leg. It was getting easier to walk around on it as it healed. At his last appointment, the doctor had said another few weeks and it could come off so long as he was still careful about his movements and used the crutches for any long distances.
Clint opened his mouth to speak now that he had finished his spam but never got the chance, the doors bursting open as two big guys came into the room. With the extra strength he had from the food, he could move a little faster and found himself getting up to stand in front of Tony on pure instinct.
Tony said, drinking it like he had been poisoned and this was the antidote. “I know there’s still this business of me being an intruder but could I get an Advil?”
From far away, he heard the grandfather clock chime 2am. He had at least five more hours alone. As silently as possible Tony headed to the library in the dark, trying not to disturb anyone if he could help it. Once inside he closed the door just as silently and turned on the lights, heading straight for the record player and turning on some soft music on the lowest volume possible. Just something that wasn’t silence. That’s all he wanted.
Tony reminded his little brother but kissed the top of his head. “There’s more dessert in the kitchen.” He sat down close to Steve on the couch, sandwiched between him and Clint.
“You know, I really like that we are all on the same page and that it’s a safe space and Benni gets to learn and appreciate that.” Tony smiled and crossed his legs under him, sitting more comfortably. “Tell me a story? If you’re not sick of hearing that request from me yet.”
“Yeah, that’s what they call Steve. Did you know he fought in the war?” He imitated guns. “They told me stories about his plans!”
Clint fell back onto the mattress and the men left, the food—thankfully—was still there but it was half on the tray and half on the floor.
It had taken some time but Steve had finally pinpointed the few who were cheating him of his money. Two of his own men who did not yet know they’d been found out and had a rude awakening coming their way, and then this man in front of him. The owner of a small clothing store, Mr Callahan. He’d been paying for sure but those two men of Steve’s who came to collect in his area were relatives of his and they were saving the money. He’d convinced them to swindle everyone on their route, pocket some of the cash after collection and well, Steve was not happy to say the least.
Steve’s hands cupped Tony’s face and guided him in for another kiss. This one was sweet and gentle and way too intimacy-packed for two people who hadn’t even been on a second date yet.
“Welcome home,” he greeted him, still in awe of seeing him standing there. “I’m guessing you all knew he was coming home early? And this was just a distraction?” He asked and looked at Dugan who grinned ever so slightly.
“I am. Also a little nervous because I don’t know what I should be expecting.” He hinted once again that he wanted more information, but he didn’t really mean it. If there was one thing he was sure of, it was that Steve had planned everything and that they would be safe.
“Ask her yourself,” he said, indicating with his chin towards the door and Clint turned to see his favorite girl leaning there with a smile and watery eyes. She came over quickly and bent to press kisses to Clint’s face.
“Sometimes they’re mean. Sometimes Miss Monaghan picks my hand but I don’t know the answer and they laugh.”
Secretly Tony was relieved Steve didn't ask him to be there when he told Sarah. All he wanted was to curl up on Steve and kiss him and maybe more.
When it got too cold for them, they called the kids and went to the closest diner where Tony treated them all to hot drinks and cake.
She removed the cast, brought in nurses to clean his leg and then she inspected it further, checking for any painful points or visible irregularities. When she found none, she ordered a final x-ray which she explained wasn’t standard procedure but ‘only the most thorough check-ups for my best patient.’ Clint knew she likely meant she was thorough so James wouldn’t have her fired from his hospital but he smiled at her all the same.
“I didn’t realize you were bringing the whole shop back,” Sarah said, a smile on her face. Steve said nothing. He didn’t joke and tease with anyone lower down than Falsworth. He didn’t consider it particularly good for their confidence in him.
Clint snorted softly, smiling down at his breakfast now and James could have done a song and dance number with how relieved he felt.
He dropped his eyes to the floor. He didn’t want to talk about Tony right now. He was at his limits.
“He told me that he ambushed you. Was that how you met him the first time?” If it was, he could see why it was such a disaster. “Not yet. I... turn twenty next May. Why?”
Tony let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding. Why was he talking about things that made him this anxious? “What about you? You probably have a lot more friends than just me.” He leaned back, crossing a leg underneath him just to be more comfortable.
Tony looked over at Steve who was drinking a glass of water and watching him from the kitchen. What would their wedding look like, if they could have one? As if he had sensed Tony’s dark and self-deprecating thoughts, Steve came over, simply standing next to Tony but not saying anything.
“He is stupid, isn’t he?” Tony said with a laugh and Sam chuckled. Tony leaned over and hugged Rhodey tight, his hands clutching at the fabric of his hospital gown and Rhodey swallowed hard.
“I know, pet. Now you’re part of our family. This is not something I would have suggested if it hadn’t been the case already.” She rubbed his arm and kissed the side of his head.
to go? Was Tony too much of a mess? Should he talk about why it was too much? “I’m sorry. It was nice with everyone,” he whispered, out of habit.
“Looks like you’ve made yourself right at home, love,” Steve noted, smiling down at him. “Shall I put away the groceries?”
“No ice? Something really must be bothering you,” James said. “We don’t just meet here to sit in silence and look menacing,” he joked. He looked Steve up and down, noting his posture and when he came back up, Steve was watching him intently.
“How do you know it’s him?” Natalia asked, sitting between Dmitri and Dugan, all eyes on her now but it didn’t phase her in the slightest.
So instead he got changed and went to the gym. An hour and a half later, he came back in for breakfast, sweaty and tired. He’d fallen asleep somewhere around 4:30am.
The dog tags around James’ neck knocked against each other with a soft clack as he sat up further. He grabbed them with one hand and pulled back, pressing his lips to the tags but looking at Clint. “I’m never letting you out of my sight again, you hear me? I don’t give a rat’s ass how much you protest.”
They went back to put the things on a pile and Sarah asked the man to give her the measuring tape and took the measurements herself. It did help with Tony’s jumpiness but it was also embarrassing. Every now and then she smiled at him and told him he was doing grand. Soon the pile for each of them was more than all his and Benni’s clothes combined.
Before he could register what was happening, Benni started crying and Tony instinctively wrapped his arms around him, comforting him.
“Are these your books?” Tony asked, trying to distract himself from his fast beating heart. It was probably the result of whatever the hell Howard had done to him. “Have you read them all?” He continued and moved back to the bookshelves.
“And, not that it really matters,” Steve continued, “but it would make a good cover for why the two of us are staying together when we get to Ireland.”
The drive was a silent one and oddly enough, Tony didn’t feel nervous or anxious. Neither did he really look forward to it, which was just as odd. Soon Tony found himself in front of the hospital he was treated in. It made sense to keep someone locked in plain sight and Tony was impressed by their way of thinking. They entered through one of the backdoors and took an elevator to the fifth floor. A few men were scattered along the corridor of the floor and they all nodded when they saw Steve and James but they didn’t acknowledge them on their way to the back.
He snuggled up closer to the person he was holding, tilting his head up to press a kiss to the jaw he found.
So logically Clint knew there was nothing to be afraid of when it came to laying himself bare with James, both literally and emotionally. And yet, the thought of doing so made him cringe on a cellular level. What if—
“I am. The process is fairly quick and easy. No one’s gonna bother you or be looking too closely into our lives,” Steve assured him with a smile. “And I look forward to calling you Mr Rogers.” Steve’s smirk was dirty even if his tone wasn’t and he was grateful that he was angled slightly away from his mother.
“Tony?” Benni called and followed his brother’s voice when he told him to come to the kitchen. “Oh. Hello, Clint,” he greeted him politely, going over to hug his brother. Tony could pinpoint the exact moment he spotted the dog. “There’s a dog! Tony! There’s a dog! Can I pet it?”
“Take us to the hospital,” James said, his fingers in Clint’s hair, his thumb gently stroking his forehead. Clint slowly closed his eyes and drifted off, as did Tony while Steve pressed kisses to his knuckles.
The girl stood halfway behind Natasha, clinging tightly to her hand and leg and then she realized who it was and moved out further, sending Steve a bright smile with her front teeth all missing.
He walked with Benni through the passageway. He’d had more lights installed since taking in the kid. He didn’t want him to get spooked.
Tony’s nightmare was finally over. It would never come back. Howard Stark could never hurt or insult him ever again. Tony could finally move on from the torture that had been his life for the longest time. His mother could finally rest in peace. His brother could grow up without fearing his father.
a floozy and secondly, you too were prepared to sleep with that man, don’t even lie to me, Natalia.”
Steve didn’t like Tony’s voice or the hesitation in his sentence. He especially didn’t like the look in his eyes but when he spoke, he understood why he didn’t and he would do everything he could to make it hurt less.
He searched the room but couldn’t find the reason why he had woken up. He sat up to look down at the tray with the empty plate and cup. No, they didn’t bring him food. The door was closed, which meant no one had meant to wake him up. And yet, Tony could hear yelling and loud noises from outside his door. When he listened closer, they sounded almost panicked.
, who was mean to you?” he asked sweetly, one hand on Steve’s thigh and the other in his hair. This was normal too. Being able to touch Steve, call him sweet nicknames, and kiss him. It was his favorite part of his new-normal.
Clint was a million miles away in his own thoughts but brought back to the here and now by Tony’s voice. “Hm? Oh, yeah, of course. I’m gonna sit for a little while longer.” He moved his arm so Tony could get up more easily. Lucky perked up at the movement, his ears raising slightly.
“We keep blaming Bakuto but you and I both know we are just as much at fault. We dragged them into this life even if they came willingly. Doesn’t mean we aren’t still accountable for allowing it.” He sighed, letting his head fall back. “I should’ve never let him out of my sight. I should’ve given Bakuto what he wanted and got Clint back.”
Again, James was hitting Steve with a lot of information in a short amount of time and Steve was a little lost but focusing on the important parts. “He knows about you and Barton?”
“Yeah, Clint told me. If it wasn’t for his leg I’m sure he would have made James take him there immediately.” He shifted a little on top of Steve.
James was wiping a splatter of blood off his cheek when Steve spoke and he turned, taking back the knife that was being offered. He wiped it quickly, wrapping it in the handkerchief because he wouldn’t sheath it while it was dirty. Especially not with that animal’s blood.
They were sitting at a table in Steve’s basement, a bottle of whiskey opened between them and two glasses filled to different heights.
“I love that you’re immediately going for it to paint something for me but don’t force yourself, Picasso. I’ll take anything,
“That’s difficult for me to believe since you’ve been nothing but.” With the light coming from behind him Tony couldn’t really see Steve’s face but he didn’t want to turn on the light either. “Not talkative. Now that’s something I’d believe,” he said with a soft smile, now fully awake.
James, who had been reading in the living room ever since he’d woken up early that morning, heard the commotion and put his book down to go investigate.
“Where’s your room?” he asked. Tony pointed and Steve scooped him up as if he weighed nothing and carried him there
Jones locked the door and leaned against it. Steve stalked over to his desk and stood behind it, stabbing a finger into the middle of the papers Tony had put there.
He gave his brother a soft kiss on his cheek and told him to go back to sleep before finally heading down to the shop. Twenty-four hours without a beating was the longest time since... Tony couldn’t even remember the last time he had this much time without. It was so long that Tony wondered if he had had another black out and simply didn’t remember anything happening. It also left him jumpier than usual, always expecting Howard to come in and hit him for whatever reason he could find.
look at me.” Patiently he waited for Steve to look at him, which took longer than he expected, and smiled softly at him. “Talk to me, hm?” He moved his hand to Steve’s face and gently caressed his cheek.
James reached into his pocket and pulled out the hearing aid Clint had left on the cot. “Wouldn’t have known to,” he said quietly, swallowing down past the lump he felt and looking away from Steve. “He can’t hear. He wouldn’t have the slightest idea what was going on until it was too late.” James felt lightheaded with worry and Dmitri moved closer to him, not touching him but being a comforting presence.
“Senator and fourth, one machine, one hand, protection’s down,” Steve rattled off into the phone as quietly as possible, trying to lookout for the owner of the handgun, his eyes darting left and right in the darkness.
room cold and sore, completely clueless as to where he was or even how long he had been out. Not to mention the fact that he knew his one remaining hearing aid only had another two days of battery life remaining, if that, and then he would be plunged into total silence.
“Good catch. How’d you like his job?” He asked. He would set Tony up in his room though because while his three most trusted had no problem with Tony’s presence—he knew not everyone would be thrilled at the idea of a little Italian fella running their books.
Sam was nursing a pretty sore back after some wooden stairs out of the basement had collapsed and he and Clint hit the concrete floor pretty hard. Wanda and Okoye looked them both over; just a few bruises and stiff necks, no serious damage, but a few hours had passed and it was definitely getting worse.
“Here,” Dugan said, handing Steve five letters he and Dmitri had found. Dmitri came around the other side, handed James a folder.
“Thanks,” he said, so completely devoid of emotion that it caught Steve off-guard. “Anyway, I should probably get there and open it before I can’t afford to keep it.”
When he moved again he felt his body’s reaction to what he was thinking and it scared him. What was happening?
,” he groaned into his hands. It was stupid and impulsive and he was fairly certain James was getting the whole story from Clint right now.
“So back to staying here… for an extended time? Because that won’t work. We have a dog,” James said. He knew Dmitri could tend to Lucky but Dmitri was already pulling more than his fair share since James had once again stepped away from the main duties of the business, giving Dmitri more responsibility. He also knew that Maria was dying to have Lucky, and Natalia was more than happy as well for him to come but he knew Lucky was one of the only other things that made Clint happy.
“Pepper, we’re gonna make a delivery today around noon,” Tony told her and started cutting the bread, holding it with the injured hand and using the bread knife in his left. He wasn’t used to cutting with his left hand and it ended up injuring his right hand even further but that didn’t matter.
Clint watched them. It was sweet the way Tony melted into Steve’s embrace. Although, as sweet as the moment was, he couldn’t shake the feeling that Steve didn’t really want him there. It had been bothering him the entire time and it felt even more prominent now, so Clint just shook his head. “No, but thanks. Go get some rest. Lucky’ll keep me company.”
“Do you ever still feel afraid of me?” he asked suddenly, throwing Clint off but lucky for James, Clint was used to his own mind jumping subjects, so he bounced back quickly.
“If you’d handled it the last time you said you’d handle it, we wouldn’t be havin’ this conversation, now would we?”
magazine she was flipping through. Steve nodded and stood, holding out his hand to Tony and pulling him off the couch once he had it.
Tony smiled in response, still resting against Steve and not wanting to pull away, not even for the food right in front of him.
For the first time in his life Tony wanted to be touched, pulled, held. The height difference made him feel safe, not small. The kiss made him feel whole, not lonely. The closeness to Steve warmed the darkest and coldest parts in him. And so he wrapped his arms around Steve’s middle and moved his lips gently against Steve’s.
A few rooms down, Clint was sitting on his cot, one knee pulled up to his chest, the other dangling off the end. He was staring at the door, trying to notice the changes of light beneath it. It was his only indication of anything happening outside. He pulled the blanket around his shoulders tighter, feeling a cool breeze.
“No, I’m not tired,” he said roughly, throwing Tony’s hand off of him. He moved further away, curling in on himself as much as was possible with the bandages so tight. He wanted out of them, they were too restricting and he couldn’t breathe and everything was terrible. He sat up slowly, trying to pull at them, find where they started and unwrap them. He wanted them
Now, after having explained all of that to James who was swallowing down his own anger and frustration, he was halfway asleep in James’ lap on the bed. James had covered him up and was combing through his hair with his fingers, humming a gentle melody, when Tony knocked at the door.
On top of that all, Steve and James had been paying him bi-weekly visits just to remind him how monumentally he had screwed up and because they had promised Loki that whatever was done to Clint and Tony would be done to him. Unfortunately for Bakuto but fortunately for Loki, they couldn’t have the mayor of New York City walking around with a broken leg, couple broken ribs, and enough bruises to make people think he had dyed his skin blue. But no one was ever going to see the leader of the Hand again, so it absolutely did not matter.
… scared.” He looked back at him and explained the whole ordeal: the guy, the letters, the threats, yesterday morning.
Jones pulled the car around as Dugan got out to help them unload luggage. Steve stayed inside for a moment to talk to Tony.
Steve nodded to Clint, jogging out of the room to find Tony as James dropped down beside Clint, checking his leg. He looked up at Clint who was biting down on the inside of his cheek.
He came back with water and a bowl of mixed nuts for them to eat while they waited for Steve and James. “As long as you can find the living room you’ll be fine. Plus, I’m here too to find you if you ever do get lost.”
Tony shrugged. Maybe. Maybe not. He didn’t really do relationships but he thought Steve was cute and sweet and anyone who responded that way to a drunken break in, Tony definitely needed to get to know better.
“I love you too.” Steve let out a small, contented sigh and added, “But neither do you.” Already halfway asleep, by the time he managed ‘you’ he was drifting deeper.
comfortable.” When Steve’s eyebrows pulled together in confusion, she continued. “The lad adores you. You haven’t seen the way he looks at you but I have. Now I’m not sure that means anything more than what it is, but I can promise ya haven’t run him off.”
“Sorry,” he said and got up. “Just lost in thought.” He could see that it didn’t convince her but he didn’t know what else to say. Instead he helped her clear the table and then left the house with Benni who was heading to school with two of his new friends he had made. Once they were gone Tony headed back inside and went to the office to get started with his day. Working with numbers kept him from thinking too much about other things and he liked that quite a bit.
James smiled, his eyes already closing a little as Clint’s hand worked, a low moan escaping his lips that made Clint grin. “Have I told you lately that you’re the best?” he asked, his voice a low, happy sound. He lifted his hips to slide the band of his trousers down.
“You two are rude. I’m going to live with Tony,” Clint said, pouting and James leaned forward to kiss his cheek. Clint turned back to Tony. “But yes, please visit and then maybe once I’m allowed to leave, we should plan that meal.” He looked up at Steve too who nodded his agreement.
“You almost done, pet?” Sarah asked Benni who nodded. “Why don’t we have dessert in the living room, hm?” He nodded and she tousled his hair. She stood and brought his plate to the sink, putting a piece of her banana bread on a plate for them and heading out of the kitchen, Benni following happily behind her.
“Yes, exactly. Did you think about my question?” Tony fixed his hair. Those locks were more stubborn than his own and were in desperate need of a trim.
Tony thought. Not once had he allowed Howard to beat or so much as slap Benni and yet the boy had suffered.
Another week of getting used to the quiet around the house and with nothing to do other than rest, make food and bake pastries, Tony found himself starting to enjoy it. There was still a restlessness inside of him that made him antsy and anxious but he knew this was home and nothing bad would ever happen to him here.
“Tell me,” Clint began, wanting to take Tony’s mind off everything for a moment, “apart from the obvious, what do you like most about Steve?”
“You know I love you, Tones, you’re family, but so is that firehouse. I don’t want to see anyone I care about hurt,” Rhodey told him. “You ready?”
James helped him into the kitchen and Lucky followed behind them curiously, curling up underneath Clint’s chair, the dog’s nose pressed against the side of his foot and his casted foot propped up on a pillow on another chair.
that he’s really good and wants everyone to know.” He took another sip of coffee. “Which, you know, would be fine if in doing so he didn’t explain basic car parts to me like I have tires for brains.” He scoffed. “Jackass mansplained an alternator to me the other day.”
Upstairs, Steve was brushing his teeth, watching Tony beside him doing the same. The alcohol had completely worn off and now he was full and exhausted. It had been a mentally and emotionally draining day and he just wanted to curl up beside Tony, press his face against his chest, and slip away into unconsciousness.
Clint shuddered again, curling up even further in James’ arms and then as all the memories crashed and broke over him like a wave—the war, the silence, Bakuto—he finally broke too.
“Oh, sorry, love,” Steve said, yawning as he got out of bed to get a towel and wet it with warm water. He carefully cleaned Tony up, pressing the odd kiss here and there as he went. He discarded the towel and climbed into bed, pulling Tony onto his chest and sighing happily. “Goodnight. I love you.”
“No, nothing on heaven or earth could drag me out of Belfast,” Pinky laughed. “Least of all, America. Er, Cap, was it this one you were wanting?” He gestured to the car they were in. “Or another?”
“Not to mention I shot him three times in the leg. So no, he won’t be going anywhere, let alone near you or Tony,” Nat said, sounding just as protective as James. It was weird hearing Tony’s name come from Nat’s mouth. Those were two worlds that hadn’t collided yet in Clint’s mind.
Steve warmed at that but decided he would start with the unfavorable things about himself first. “In the event that anyone ever does come after me,” he said slowly, not wanting to frighten Tony, “there’s a door in my room inside the closet. It has stairs leading down and out to the back of the house where the car is parked. Ma knows this. Dugan doesn’t. You take that car and you go to James’. James has a boat and he has a helicopter and he will get you to safety. Now that’s never happened and it’s not likely to, but I want you to know in case it does. I thought I’d start with the less fun things about me.” He held him tighter in case he was afraid now.
Steve nodded, agreeing. “Tony’s not going to trust anyone in that environment with him, no matter who they claim to be.”
“I think,” he said, pointing to two of the locations that were both situated along the East river, “that the word was ‘river’.”
“Did anyone wanna know my age or is this a private conversation?” Rhodey asked and immediately remembered who he was talking to. He thought about backtracking until he saw the blush on Steve’s face. Oh god, Rhodey thought, Steve
“Right. So I was very drunk last night. Like ‘I’m surprised I even made it this close to home’ drunk. In my stupor, obviously, I climbed the fire escape and entered your apartment and voila.”
James nodded again, understanding. “Clint flat out—” He cut himself off, still staring at the ground, focusing on one particular piece of hardwood to keep himself composed. “He was tired, drifting off. Told me in no uncertain terms that he thought he was going to die and that it hurt that he didn’t get to say goodbye.”
“Thank you. That was nice,” he said as sincere as possible. “I... should probably go try to catch up on sleep.” Without waiting for an answer he headed for the door and opened it. In the hallway he turned back to look at Steve. “Thank you for the dance,” he said again and he meant it. Oh how he meant it.
“So what did I miss?” He asked, looking at each of them in turn, not bothered by who decided to answer him.
“Beautiful,” James said simply, his eyes still moving over Clint and his ensemble. James moved across the room towards him, always with a grace and litheness that Clint envied ever so slightly. He wrapped his arms around Clint and pulled him close, tilting his head up to look at him. He pressed up and kissed his lips, closing his eyes. Clint followed suit, his arms around James as well.
Steve felt stupid for suggesting it now. How had he not thought of that? “Right,” he said and then asked, “That’s why what?”
“I did,” he said before James could finish. “I did. I loved you something awful. And then you broke it off. You broke it off and I put on a brave face while you dated all those other birds and I made myself get over you. Why-why.” He stopped to calm himself. “Why did you do it?”
The pain in his hands was bearable and on his way to Clint’s room he clenched them to see what he could still do despite the bandages. Even though the door was open, he chose to knock on the doorframe first.
he whispered in Italian and Benni grinned at him. It was a game Tony had made up to keep Benni quiet when Howard was passed out and shouldn’t be woken. At least it served another purpose now.
It was the second day of not being home that Tony gave in to his hunger. He ate the potato slowly, looking at the window. It was brighter outside than it had been a few hours ago. The difference wasn’t too big but with nothing else to focus on, he noticed.
“Actually quite the opposite. They saved me from him and made sure that he couldn’t get to me. Ever again. I don’t know why I needed to say that, sorry. Let’s not talk about it for now.” He crossed one leg under him and settled back on Clint’s shoulder.
when I ask you a question!” Howard yelled and grabbed Tony by the collar of his shirt, pulling him towards him forcefully. “You don’t deserve any of this! Ungrateful fuck like your mother!” Howard continued to shake and slap Tony, yelling at him and cursing him and his mother. He finally let go and dropped Tony on the ground.
For a second Tony got anxious that Steve was about to give him one of his signature looks of disappointment or maybe a questioning look because Tony was behaving a certain way. When neither turned out to be the case and he instead received a soft, lingering kiss, he relaxed again.
.” The words came out in Italian, so used to saying that in his mother tongue that it took a moment to realize he was actually talking to Steve. “Sorry. I don‘t know,” he repeated in English, smiling and shaking his head in embarrassment.
Clint hummed, nothing to add to that. James hadn’t spoiled him, he was just a prideful dumbass sometimes who should learn to be taken care of.
James and Clint temporarily move into the Rogers-Stark household and as a result of the world's weirdest sleepover, life becomes a bit more bearable for Clint and Tony. For Steve and James? Well...
“Manhattan but I’ve been in Brooklyn since I was a teenager. When my father bought the garage, he moved us out here. Is your family here too?”
Bucky snorted. “Sounds like I need to go drinking with you.” He sipped the coffee and then spat it back out. “Your coffee tastes like old bath water, Steve,” he complained, pouring it all out in the sink and starting a fresh pot. Steve tasted it and also spat it back out. He wasn’t aware of the taste and so shyly took Tony’s cup back and poured it out too.
James helped Clint sit up and Clint paused, tilting his head to the side in wonder. “That’s not at all how I thought you would sound. It’s better. I like it.” Clint grinned. “And I told you I wanted you out so I could have all the bread to myself. You were warned,” he teased, reaching his hand out to Tony and squeezing tightly when he grabbed it.
She reached out to Benni and ruffled his hair and he smiled. Then her eyes fell on Tony and Steve. She wondered what had happened since she’d been gone but she didn’t ask. She was still processing everything with James.
Tony took a deep breath, his hand back on Steve’s. There was nothing he could say or do. “I’m sorry,” he said. He
When he was sure Tony was gone and wouldn’t be back for a moment, he opened his drawer and pulled out one of the letters, reading over it. He felt the slightest twinge of fear and then he pulled out a box of matches and burned it, holding it in his hand until only a corner remained and he blew it out, tossing it into the trash.
,” he swore, trying to reach for the drip again and yelping when he felt his skin tear, looking down at the blood spot growing larger on his bandages and seeping lightly through his hospital gown. “Fucking hell, just t-two minutes, just—“ He closed his eyes, flexing his jaw. His hand was on his middle and he was breathing hard again. It hurt so bad he could just curl up in a corner and cry.
“It’s alright. Don’t you worry about me. My left hand is worse than the right but Steve just wants to be extra careful.” He smiled when he thought about the conversation that he and Steve had had in the bathroom. “Can I ask you something? And please be honest with your answer.”
Tony shook his head and rolled his eyes. “And eat while you’re at it. Not enough food plus drugs in your system can’t be good.” He brought the tray over. There was some soup, half a sandwich and a fruit salad. “They said not too much at once.”
“Your brother will be taken care of. And nothing bad will happen to you or Steve.” She rested a hand on his back.
Steve awoke with a startle, glancing frantically around himself while strong, but careful hands kept him from falling of the bed.
Frigga laughed at the silly request, earning another heart wrenching smile from her handsome son “Aye, that is more like it”
“Captain” She saluted. He smiled and saluted back, turning now to join his teammates. Time’s almost up.
And Tony kept her there, thrusting his hand in sharp motions, rubbing her, licking her wet folds while his other hand unbuckled his belt, unbuttoned and unzipped blindly, pulling himself out and giving himself a couple of tugs as he kept Pepper on her high, feeling her muscles clench and milk his fingers in frantic undulations. He pulled his hand out of her and thrust his cock in deep, jolting her whole body with the force of it.
The Big Green punched the Accuser with angry fists, roaring and snarling when the Kree slipped out of his reach and gave him a swift hit with the hammer, sending the Hulk flying out into the sea.
“Yes, I should thank you for leaving her there.” Steve continued, lowering his eyes in such an endearing show of bashfulness that Thor had to press the cushion harder to his ever-swelling cock “I never would have won that fight by myself.”
“To save his life” Steve reminded him fervently, Thor closed his eyes in a pained flutter of long, damp lashes, a soft mewl escaping his lips as his hands twitched in the water between them. Steve hurried to clasp the appendages in his own
“Cheat I tell you” Thor insisted with a pout, turning to his chuckling husband and commanding “Steven, avenge me”
The Widow nudged the Captain with a giggle while the Archer gave the last rocking of his hips before crawling on the table toward the embarrassed Captain with a sultry grin.
Thor felt his face break into a wide grin before he could stop himself, realizing quickly that he had shot himself in the foot. He shot Steven an apologetic wince as the man’s jaw worked in irritation.
Who would not jump at the chance to stand amongst the Gods, share their power and riches; and quite simply, to bed Thor. In this, humble he was not.
Steven bit his lip as he watched on to the miracle that was Asgard, Thor and probably everyone else in the gardens enthralled by the sight of the man’s abused lips. Finally, the Soldier nodded and met gazes with the mesmerized Frandal.
“No one would dare the Wrath of Odin.” Thor growled, his jealousy now drowned in rage at the imagined encroaching of his Father’s reign.
They all turned their heads abruptly at the struggling Archer, who had both his hands on Mjolnir in a tight grip, pulling with all his body until his face turned cherry red. He released the handle with an irritated scuff.
Tony promptly pushed it back “My consulting days are over, Count Dracula. I’m not Iron Man anymore.”
Thor choked on a harsh breath, cold horror dowsing him as he gripped on to the Soldier tighter “You—Yes, Steven. I promise.”
Tony growled, pressing his hands on her breasts and massaging them in wide, kneading circles. She gasped and fell back onto the couch, her back curved in an obscene arch, pushing her sensitive breasts into his calloused hands. Tony ran his tongue over her sternum, getting two handfuls of that green fabric and ripping.
“Lord All Mighty!” Steve gasped, paling at the sight of the disfigured Dark Guardian, a long fingered hand coming to press at his chest.
“I’ll do it.” He said, taking the hurt hands and gently rubbing the clots of blood off the torn knuckles “It’s ok. I’m here with you. Just breathe.”
” His voice thick with derision and panic, startling the God in its harshness. “Now I get to actually see them die…”
“And Hogun, general of war and mightiest swordfighter of the land” Thor boomed, winking at his usually shy friend as he smiled kindly at his Betrothed, his thin eyes shinning at the praise from his Lord.
For Thor it ranked quite high in his sexual exploits, but the Captain had never shown any inclinations for the stronger sex, perhaps he had realized it was not what he yearned for?
He knew Howard had been obsessed with finding the man, spent more summers exploring the Artic trying to find him than he had spent with his family, so to know that he had bargained the one thing that had made him so proud, his greatest achievement; just for the rights to give the Captain a proper catholic burial, was so fucking unfathomable.
The surrounding warriors shared a look and promptly burst in loud roars of laughter, even the Barmaid jostling in Frandal’s lap joining the outcries.
Steve heard the door open and many booted feet stomp into the room when he dealt the Beast one last mighty punch over the back of its horned head. It convulsed for a few short bursts and finally fell limp and heavy to the marble floor, blood pooling around its face and Steve’s new boots. Steve stared at it for a second, waiting; and sighed when he perceived the shallow but unmistakably present breathing of the Monster’s rising chest.
Master Bragi sneered at the man and harrumphed snottily: “I am here to examine this man for his lessons in the fine arts, if you would finally leave us, this would be over quite swiftly”
The God turned to the harsh voice calling his name and found Fury standing impassively by his side, Thor cleared his throat from the earlier emotion of the reaffirmed friendship “Director.”
“You know” Steven started, after a long moment of dejected silence “Weddings on earth are a lot different.”
I'm dropping this chapter off and I will be unavailable for the next week or so, school reports and such are really breathing down my neck now. Please let me know your feelings on the story and if there is any scene in particular you would like to see in the courtship of Steve/Thor.
Odin smiled at the bowing human; a tenderness Thor had only seen directed to their small family now bestowed to his mortal Husband. “Aye, you are a righteous man, Steven. Worthy in every sense of the word. Therefore I, Odin Borson, name you Captain Steven Rogers of Midgard, Supreme Judge of Asgard.”
The Soldier admitted with a slight curl of his lips “For a while, he was all I had. And that was everything. I don’t know what it is, I don’t think…” Steven’s voice broke at the end, eyeing the silent God sadly as he confessed “He kissed me, once. Before coming to Asgard, I couldn’t return it. I don’t feel like I can
“Steven” The God sighed, kneeling between the Captain’s long, supple legs. Looking down at his flushed husband and aching for him.
However, he would not move a finger to stop it, for he was far more engaged in his soft conversation with his intended. They had not spoken like this since that first night of the Man of Iron’s engagement party, and Thor found himself regretting it dearly. The Captain had a sharp, witty mind, not a surprise in the least, but he had been remiss of procuring him as he was due. His father’s word’s coming to mind as he watched the Captain walk to the bar for another refill of their tankards, because the man was that solicitous. Behind the new titles and roles, the Captain was above and foremost, his friend.
Gasps rose again and Thor spotted some fainting in the multitude, his grip on Mjolnir slacked and slowly, he brought his hammer down, his hopeful eyes resting on his father while the older God extended a weathered hand to rest on Loki’s pale and stunned face. Odin touched the bandages with care, his blue orb dulled with regret as a soft light sparked from his fingertips and the offending cloth fell away, leaving Loki’s face unmarked, the All Father’s holy will vanishing effortlessly his horrible deed.
Tony grunted and groaned, pressing in and rolling his hips in place, letting her feel his length rub at her convulsing walls, prolonging her orgasm until she went blue in the face. Then he began to thrust.
The God of Lies sat up quietly, his face devoid now of anger as he followed Thor’s steps, frowning only with the parting kiss the married pair shared and drawing blank again as the other God left the rooms.
Bruce remained frozen still, like a deer in headlights, looking at the little boy wrapped around his thighs with barely concealed terror. He mumbled something like yes and the boy lost his little mind. His mouth shot off a 100 miles a minute, prattling happily about his last Halloween costume and his beloved Hulk fists that glowed green and roared when smashed together. He promptly released his legs and latched on to Bruce’s irresponsive hand, pulling him along to show him his beloved Hulk fists.
Thor’s stomach fell as the seconds stretched, barely avoiding to stop fidgeting but by a sharp glance from his brother. Odin grinned at his son’s anxious state, as he purposely prolonged the third call until his wife sent him a subtle scolding look. The All Father tapped his staff thrice.
Heimdall smiled. The man had wit as well. “So I will.” And he clasped the hand of the Captain in a firm grip, surprised again by the man and the strength behind the act.
Stark turned his wicked sharp gaze around, assessing: “You! Half man” He pointed impatiently at the other naked man in the crowd “Up and center!”
“Aye, and since then, Frandal and I meet every decade and I beat him to a bloody pulp.” Thor swallowed thickly, turning to give a shaky smile to the horrified Captain in a weak attempt to lighten the mood “We have made it a tradition at this point.”
, Odinson!” An angry bellow came from the next room, startling Thor into taking a leap back and away from the Captain, eyes wild “You better not be in there!”
Steve clenched his hands into white knuckled fists on his thighs, heart beating loudly in his ears though not enough to drown out the sickening sounds of harsh fists pounding soft flesh. And the cries.
Thor enjoyed unbuttoning the minuscular workings on the gorgeous man’s back, delighting in revealing the ivory skin covering those taught, polished muscles. Thor dared to place butterfly kisses and sweet nuzzles to every slip of unblemished flesh uncovered, enjoying also the Captain’s shy squirming as he stood by the God’s attentions with a rising flush to his handsome face.
When the men and women where seated, Odin taped his staff on the floor, wordlessly declaring the proceedings to commence. When no one spoke, Odin raised his eyebrow inquisitively and one of his Councilors cleared his throat pointedly, his shrewd eyes set on the Director with barely masked impatience.
Steve hummed but didn’t otherwise comment, almost sensing the negativity Tony was directing towards himself. “It doesn’t make you a bad friend,” Steve decided. “But perhaps you should at least write her or give her a ring and let her know. I think you owe her that at least.”
“Hey, Tony,” James said to get Clint’s attention and Clint turned to look at him, his eyes immediately locking on the bandages. “We’re—”
Tony considered that for a moment but he wasn’t convinced just yet. Rhodey could be pretty damn scary when he wanted to be.
Tony looked to the dishes and felt bad for leaving it to Sarah and Benni but Steve was his priority. “I need a shower first. Would you like to join me?”
They ate meals together, sometimes inviting Natalia and Maria over. Dugan, Jones and Dmitri would pick up Benni after school some days and take him for ice cream or some treat before bringing him home. Tony still didn’t want to go outside but Clint didn’t mind because trying to navigate the world on crutches was annoying anyway and it was too cold for it still. Besides, James really didn’t like the combination of crutches and icy ground and even though he never said it, Clint understood and respected his concern.
Steve wrapped an arm around Tony and with the other pushed his hair back away from his forehead. He leaned to place a kiss onto Tony’s forehead, speaking against the soft, warm skin as he said, “I’m fine, love. Just tired and ready for a break.”
When the door shut, James turned his cold glare on Steve who, to his credit, hadn’t said anything yet.
Steve nodded. “I wanted you to choose where you went. Of course I had my preferences but I didn’t want to influence you. That’s why I kept my distance at times. That’s why I let you know you could leave. That’s why I asked you—still ask you—if this is what you want,” he said, using a finger to gesture to himself and Tony. “I love you and I’ll love you wherever you are. I just want you to be happy.”
Today they had responded to vehicle fires, scaffolding collapses, a gas leak due to gas pipeline restoration, and a chemical fire at a warehouse. Thankfully no casualties so far but a total of eight people today had been taken to the nearest hospital, so, as always, they would wait to hear back from their contacts there before celebrating.
As soon as Steve snuggled closer, Tony woke up. He didn’t know when it was that he fell asleep but Steve’s comforting weight and warmth had a lot to do with it, of that he was sure. Before he could greet Steve or do anything else for that matter, he felt a kiss. From Steve? Not a kiss on his lips. Not a passionate kiss. Just a small one on his jaw. Which was so innocent and sweet he couldn’t believe it.
Tony held his side where he could still feel the impact of the kick. Why had he been able to take worse beatings over the years but this one nearly made him cry? Maybe it was because Clint was asking. No, he wasn’t okay. He was somewhere not even close to Steve, he was tired, hungry, and desperate for warmth and security. Steve spoiled him and he knew that but it didn’t have to be a bad thing. It was nice to not have to suffer.
When the last of the medicine was used, Tony stared at the empty bag and sighed heavily. It must have been what he said that Mr Rogers had decided to turn away from him. He must have expected more from Tony. But what else could he have done or given?
was even the one who confessed his love for you first. Or did I just pull those memories out of my pasty arse?”
They were one block away now, standing behind another warehouse to shield themselves from view and from the harsh cold wind lashing at their faces as it blew across the East River.
“It hasn’t been this quiet at the table since you two broke Mr Reynolds’ window and didn’t want to tell me,” Sarah commented. James chuckled and then it turned into a full on laugh.
he knew that he wasn’t alone the entire time but before he thought he would die alone in that small concrete room. He remembered wondering how long he could go without food, especially when he began to notice his weight dropping. He remembered wondering if he wasn’t being held ransom but rather was just being held to die a slow and agonizing death as he starved.
“Yeah, when it comes to functional adults, truck definitely drew the long straw. Except for Barton maybe.”
,” he pleaded, pushing himself up to start compressions. Thirty seconds later and Steve gasped, more blood dripping out of his mouth but at least he was awake again. “Steve, please,” James begged. “I can’t lose you. For so many reasons, I can’t.”
When Steve pulled away, Tony let out a small sound of frustration. Kissing Steve never got boring and he could definitely do it a lot more.
“I know you’re fine with who I love but… this isn’t uncomfortable for you?” He thought back to all the times he’d kept his distance or shortened the length of physical contact with Tony for fear of him feeling pressured to be what he wasn’t. Then he thought of the times he hadn’t cared and how terrible he’d felt afterwards.
“No, never!” That one was easy to answer. He looked back up and shook his head. “He’s nine years old, only a boy, sir. He just wanted to play and knocked over Howard’s bourbon. Does a boy deserve a beating for that?”
They drove down the block until they reached a bar. Clint had said it was only a few blocks down so there was a good chance this was it. Jones got out this time and went in, coming back to the car with the same expression of dread that Dugan had.
Doing absolutely nothing. What good was a mob boss who couldn’t be a boss? Who was he supposed to intimidate in an ass-out hospital gown?
James sauntered over—honestly, could the man not walk non-sexily and do Clint some favors?—and leaned on the chair beside Clint’s. Clint looked him up and down. It had been a
“Love,” Steve said, putting a little space between them, his hands sitting lightly on Tony’s hips, aching to slip under his shirt and feel his skin. “You know there are few things I enjoy more but not two minutes ago you hurt yourself stretching.” Steve swallowed, stomping down just how much he had missed Tony and how long it had been since they’d been intimate.
they did it and not just ‘tell me about the scary stories’ like most people asked—and this story was the quintessential firefighter tale: he saved a cat from a tree.
“I’d like you to eat something first. Would you want to try to wash up a little? There’s only so much you can do but it might make you feel better,” James asked.
was the issue, Clint might just go with it and he still wouldn’t know if he’d actually gotten to the heart of the matter.
“You smell that?” James asked Clint, tilting his own nose up and then turning towards the door, listening to the familiar sounds of Sarah’s shoes coming down the hallway.
Tony’s heart sped up as the words sunk in. “Even if we have a plan, we can’t plan for the weather. Or locked doors. Guards! What about where we are and how we get away from here? They’re going to notice that we’re gone and they’ll come after us immediately.”
I miss you. We’d never get off the phone,” Clint told him with a grin, bumping his shoulder playfully.
“These are files I’ve kept for years. Any time I heard any of ‘em say somethin’ bad about your kind,” he said, no malice in the term, “I started a file. Jim’s is new.”
Instead of saying anything, Steve put his left hand on top of Tony’s and guided him back to the keys to help him play. It was such a little thing. So little that for others it probably wasn’t even worth mentioning. Everyone messed up, right? But how many people froze in response to making a mistake?
“Gotta love him. Ugh,” he groaned when Reed Richards came out of the bathroom and headed to his station to get some work done. “
“I mean,” Steve began, “a large part of it is just because I haven’t been this close with James in… years, actually.” He hadn’t realized it until Tony mentioned it just then and then he’d spent those moments thinking about it but it was true. After Steve got back from the war, he and James were still close but there was a tangible distance between them.
“That a knife in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?” Steve teased. James only barely smiled.
He handed Tony the plates to dry and Tony then put them away, seeming to know where everything went by now. After five minutes and seven dishes, Steve spoke.
“Well, figure out where you’d like to and get back to me,” Tony said, confused but amused. “Mind if I wait here for him while you all enjoy these?” He lifted the top off the box and the smell wafted through the room and soon everyone—skeptical of him or not—were standing around the table inspecting the contents. “Just thought I’d show my appreciation for my roommate and his colleagues. You all do a commendable job.”
“So I drink when I’m stressed. You eat,” he accused, pointing at the tiny bite of muffin left in Steve’s hands and the other two he had sitting in his lap. Steve laughed. “So did you want to keep crying or should we get a head start on the day?”
Steve kicked off his shoes and unbuttoned his shirt sleeves, rolling them up to his elbows as he climbed into the oversized hospital bed with Tony, pulling him onto his chest.
Sarah said and he turned to see his mother looking worse for wear, holding his hand. Tony was behind her and Steve instantly reached for him with his other hand, wincing slightly at the pain.
Steve kissed him, reaching up to wipe a thumb underneath each eye. “Oh no, love, don’t cry,” he said gently, not understanding what he did but it didn’t matter. If it made Tony cry, it was wrong. “I made improvements, sure. At ma’s request,” he admitted. “She helped me. James helped me. I’m helping you and there’s nothing wrong with that and it doesn’t make you any less of a person or someone worth lovin’. I should know.” He smiled at him and said, “I can’t imagine ever lovin’ you less but everyday I love you a little bit more.” He tilted his head up and kissed him and it was passionate and full of love and like last night’s kisses, speaking for him instead of words.
Tony recognized a pained look when he saw one and that right there in Clint’s eyes was definitely pain. “Clumsiness. Benni surprised me, I dropped a cup. It’s nothing bad but Steve always needs to be extra sure.” He waved his hands dismissively, slowly coming closer. “What about you? Do you need pain meds or something?”
“Your surgery was complex. Took those idiots a few tries to get everything right,” James told him. Steve’s eyes fell to him and he smiled. “You’re safe now. It’s over.”
They headed out to the car, Jones on clean up again, but the young guy supposed to be opening Steve’s door did not. He stood there at the side of the car instead. Steve gave him a withering look.
“No, not really. I… I didn’t—” He needed to take a break and collect his thoughts before he continued. “I was too busy to ever think about things like that. Once that was out of the way, it became clear.”
to run him off? It seemed like that was what Steve wanted when he examined his actions. The worst part was that he couldn’t even remember most of the conversation. He hoped to hell he hadn’t said anything damning.
A few days ago, he had gotten water and a bread roll. He didn’t eat it right away, figuring that they would start starving him again soon so he saved it, eating half and storing the other half underneath the blanket they had brought.
“Well, let’s keep doing it how you are. One day at a time. You or Benni see something you wanna do, we’ll make the time and do it. Simple.”
.” Dmitri helped two other men and James lift Steve as gently as possible and hurry him over to the car, laying him out across the backseat. James climbed in with him and Dmtriri quickly got in the front and started the car.
“Me too,” Clint said, smiling. It had taken him thirty years and a lot of pain to finally find a safe space like this but he wouldn’t change a thing if it meant losing it. “Uh,” he began, trying to think of a story. “How about my and Nat’s wedding?” He turned to Tony with a grin, wiggling the finger with the ring and then started into it.
,” Steve complained, dragging a hand down his face. He reached for Tony’s hand. “I’m so glad you’re here. Come here,” he said, tugging him down for a kiss and then letting him go.
“Why do I have to go to bed early? I want to stay up with you,” he said between small yawns which he tried to hide.
Clint looked at James and frowned. “I invited him but Dmitri hates getting dressed up. He said he would rather eat at home with Lucky,” James said when Clint looked offended, as if James had not invited him along.
While Tony fixed up the other sandwiches, he thought about which one could be his favorite. He chose one with Italian ham, thin sliced tomatoes, a bit of parmesan and sprinkled a few herbs on top.
Steve nodded, taking in the information. He watched Tony reach for his own coffee, not using the hand Steve hand come to assume was his dominant one. Steve frowned again. “Something the matter with your wrist still?”
“Thank you, love,” Steve said, still thinking about what Tony had said. He was right and wrong. While Steve had no problem doing business with others like himself, he wasn’t as open about having contacts like James was. He had too many people to risk putting in harm's way. James, on the other hand, did not. Maybe now he did, but Clint and Natalia could more than take care of themselves. But Tony? Sarah?
“No,” Clint answered quickly because he wasn’t, he just found that he wasn’t good at reading Steve or how he felt or what his next move or words would be. He’d gotten good at it with James and Tony too to a degree. Nat he knew like the back of his hand but Steve? He honestly didn’t even know if Steve was relieved he’d lived.
“There’s still risk involved in that. No matter what, if we decide to inspect either of these buildings next, we run the risk of being outed again,” James countered.
She stood by the door, looking at her son while he slept and then she tiptoed over to press another kiss to his golden hair and back out she went, happy with how that had gone.
Steve did not plan on missing his one chance to take advantage of some physical contact. When Tony got to the stairs with him, he linked his arm through his good one and held him securely to his side using the stairs as an excuse. Tony still flinched but he didn’t protest, though Steve doubted he would have even if he’d wanted to and for that reason it was the last time he touched Tony that evening.
“The kid told me to pass on his thanks.” Steve nodded. It didn’t mean anything. There was no way to measure sincerity with those words because who wouldn’t tell Steve Rogers thank you? “Also, you have a visitor.”
Clint could feel himself starting to relax. He was always relaxed in Tony’s presence as of late but now in the kitchen, cooking, he relaxed more, falling into a steady rhythm of chopping. Part of his mind was still distracted by James, though.
“I know, love, I know,” he said softly, lifting Tony’s hand to kiss it. “I have a dangerous job but I’m not gonna do anything to put myself in needless danger. I’ve got too much to come home to for that,” he promised him.
Tony and James exchanged a look and Tony went to hold Steve’s door open while James supported Steve back to his room, saying something in Russian to his men.
“I do,” Clint said, his voice, although quiet, full of emotions. James smiled softly. “I love you too.”
Despite asking questions Howard gave Tony no chance to answer as he punched him, slapped him, kicked him, and yelled more. He had failed in protecting his brother, in giving him a better life. While he waited for the pain to subside and to pass out from the heavy punches he prayed to whoever might be listening that someone nice would pick up his brother, look after him and love him as much as he deserved to be loved. And if whoever was making that happen could also help him see his mom and sister again, he would love that. And maybe give Mr Rogers—
“Tomorrow when they bring the last meal. I’ll agitate them, make them put their hands on me. I’ll grab ‘em then. Let’s sleep. We both need all the rest we can get. You okay?” he asked as an afterthought, hesitating before he stood and waiting for an answer.
Tony motioned for her to come in and gently pulled away from Benni so he could look at him. “Look who’s here.” He pointed to Sarah. He wished he had a secret language with her too so he could tell her what Benni needed to hear. “Do you want to talk to
The execution was quick, precise. Tony had learned well and when he walked away, so did they. If he was done, they were done.
Tony held onto Clint’s hand and shook his head. “I forgot you couldn’t hear my voice. It’s nice to meet you properly.” He shook Clint’s hand, suddenly feeling weird with all the people around them. “Well, not really because you still need a shave.”
or Ballycastle, a little town. It’s quaint, beautiful, and relaxing. That painting in my room is of this place. I own a cottage a few kilometres from the center of town, no neighbors around. Just you, me, and a breathtaking view.” He looked down at Tony, feeling a sudden surge of affection for him. “Oh, and there’s also views of nature and such.”
Maria had pulled together a group of her most trusted fellow operators—the Carter women, Angie Martinelli, and Melinda May-Coulson—and, with permission from her boss Nick, who said “I don’t care as long as calls are being made,” they were able to take a chunk of the numbers Natalia and the others needed to go through and cut out the middleman—themselves—getting connected much faster.
out,” Clint said, upset that he wasn’t able to provide James with an outlet because of his injuries but also too sleepy to get too worked up.
“Not only do you choose to be a disgrace to humanity but you choose to do so with an invalid? Just sad, Romanov,” Bakuto spat.
He knew that arson was a difficult catch and next to impossible to prove without DNA but this was infuriating.
They were saying their goodbyes when there was a knock on the door. Or at least Clint figured that was what happened judging by the way Tony flinched. He pulled him in closer, hoping it would be a quick death.
Tony scoffed. “Deal with it,” he gave back with a grin. “Pepper worked at the deli with me a few days a week. My mom had an Italian deli. Me and my sister helped out but… at the end it was just me and Pepper.” He looked down for a second. Even though it had been such a long time since then it still hurt. Did Steve ever sell the building? Let someone else move in?
James was grooming Dmitri, helping him to be better prepared for his and Clint’s vacation and actually, perhaps for a more extended assignment as well. It was only just a thought in James’ mind at the moment but it was one that he had found himself going back to frequently. For now, he kept it to himself. He didn’t even tell Clint. After all, it was just a thought.
“Hey,” he said, looking over at where Tony was curled up on the couch with a book. Seeing him there, safe and comfortable, lifted some of the pressure off his chest and he exhaled deeply. “Up for a little company? We don’t have to talk.”
Steve smiled but there was absolutely nothing joyous about it. It was cold and scary. He laughed and it was just as out of place as the smile. He was doing his best to refrain from an outburst like the one in his office if for no other reason than it had startled Tony but he could kill Howard Stark. Strangle him with his bare hands and watch the life go out of his eyes. He’d gladly do it but he had not come to the deli today to daydream about murdering Howard. He’d come to see Tony and no matter how much teasing that would get him from Dugan and James, he’d keep coming when he could. Mainly, because Steve knew his presence scared Howard shitless. Secondly, because he liked the kid. Anyone with the kind of loyalty to family that meant taking a beating not meant for you was alright in his books.
Steve shifted, his eyes barely opening to look around the room. He couldn’t get them to focus at first and then when they finally did, he remembered what had happened.
Clint snorted. “I get that but he likes you. A lot. And once he likes you, he’s a big softie.” Clint glanced down at his leg. “Ah, my leg? Yeah, only hurts when I breathe so it’s all good.” He grabbed another cookie. “You make these?”
The four on the upper levels got out without a scratch. Rhodey and Steve took the brunt of it, Steve who covered Rhodey, more so.
James and Steve came in slowly, first turning on the light switch that was located outside the room. It was suddenly too bright and Clint and Tony winced but didn’t look away from Steve and James.
threatened to hurt Benni instead. He was coming at me with a knife when my mom got in between and he pushed her down the stairs. He has tried and
“He’s right. Ma’s making something delicious. Hey,” he added as an afterthought, his eyes roving over Tony, “you feeling up to a tour? The kitchen is downstairs. That way I can help you down anyway.”
“With clothes on, you have a very innocent Boy Scout-y vibe going on. Don’t get me wrong. Hot Boy Scout, but boy scout.” Steve cocked an eyebrow. “Don’t worry,
“Did you sleep well?” He asked instead of answering his question. Sometimes Benni looked much younger than he was and other times he looked older. Once he looked at his big brother’s face Benni seemed to be much older.
” James roared when they got to the warehouse only to find it empty. What made matters worse was that it was only recently empty. There were cups of tea still sat on surfaces, lukewarm by now. Papers left lying on the floors and chairs overturned. They had
, he thought bitterly. It took him an embarrassingly long time to get out of the room where James was standing. He wanted to thank him, again, but one look from James and he didn’t even say it.
“I’ll just go grab it,” he said and turned to get it before either of the men could go with him. It was on another aisle and they had just spent half an hour inside the same store without anything happening which meant it was safe and that meant Tony could quickly grab the canned fruit they would need and be back in a minute. Or so he thought.
“Well, alright. Benni, shall we have our sweets in the living room with our show?” Benni nodded excitedly and jumped up, taking his plate to the sink and then coming back for Sarah’s. She made them two plates of pie and they headed out.
“Hey, love,” he said, smiling at him sweetly, no longer bandaged and feeling broken, but standing tall, his hair combed and looking sharp in a freshly pressed suit.
When the phone rang a second time, Clint sighed loudly and decided to answer it. He headed downstairs, which was noticeably easier without his cast—getting that thing removed had actually set him off on a high that lasted a few hours—and into the kitchen where the phone was. Lucky followed and headed for his food bowl, happy to find some kibble.
Steve wondered how long he would be back. If he had even ever gone to Russia or if that had all been a lie. It hadn’t been
“Yeah, he just arrived. I told him Jones needed some help, which he does, just with some sorting. You want him back in here?”
There were footsteps in the hallway and then a key was turned in the lock, before the door swung open. Tony quickly sat down on his mattress and closed his eyes.
Another week went by and Beniamino had Christmas break, which made everything more tense since Tony had to look after him too. So he gave him small jobs around the store, which made all the dames giggle when they saw him in his way-too-big apron.
“No,” Steve said firmly, placing his hand on top of Tony’s. “No, you’re still on holiday from work. Boss’ orders. Dugan and Jones have got it.” He leaned forward and kissed him, running his fingers through his hair and away from his forehead. “I hope you’ll like it.”
Steve looked at him, leaned in and Tony froze. He could feel Steve’s breath on his face. He tilted his head, waiting for the kiss that never came. And why should it? It was a beautiful moment, yes. But Steve probably remembered who he was with and that person was certainly not who he wanted there and then. But oh that smile. So sincere. Was he apologizing?
. Now, while you do that, I’ll check up on Clint. There’s coffee downstairs.” He patted Steve’s cheek and pressed a kiss to it.
There wasn’t a single thought left in Tony when Steve kissed him and wrapped his lips around him. He gasped and moaned, moving into the heat. All he could do was moan, his hands in Steve’s hair as he moaned his name. When he managed to open his eyes a little—curiosity winning as he wanted to see Steve—he felt even more overwhelmed by his feelings and the heat.
Tony was even getting used to going out more. Every now and then he went with Dugan or Jones to pick Benni up from school and make a short stop to get a treat, a new book, or drawing materials. Sarah made sure that Benni never left the house without money.
“It is but not if you work different trucks or jobs within the firehouse. I mean, it still kind of is but it isn’t outright banned in that case. Barnes is the Squad lieutenant. Sam’s on truck with me.”
The one carrying the food said something, though Clint wasn’t sure what, and started walking towards him. He swung aiming for Clint’s stomach but Clint moved. The fist just barely caught his side, which hurt like hell, and Clint shoved him. Finally, the man managed to land a solid punch to Clint’s ribs and Clint gasped as the pain spread. His ribs must have been hurt worse than he initially thought.
These meetings used to excite him but now he found them tedious and unnecessary. He didn’t care to know what the others were doing so long as they stayed in their areas and did it. He didn’t care to see them either. He had cared to see James, however, and wished he had stuck around for even a minute longer so Steve could talk to him.
“I’m glad you have him. I’ll treat it with honor until I can give it back to you. Thanks for sharing it with me.”
The fact that the arsonist didn’t seem to be interested in murder was a relief for them all but that didn’t mean they didn’t still consider them a very dangerous threat. They could always change their stance on that at any moment and take out a diner full of customers. Or, on the off chance that Bucky was wrong, burn down something else entirely.
Tony put the piece of paper in his pocket and lingered for a moment longer, looking at Mr Rogers with a mix of confusion and gratitude. “Thank you, sir.” He got up and gave him an honest smile before heading out, taking last week's plate with him.
“You take such good care of me,” Clint said, smiling up at him. James rolled his eyes. “No, I mean it. Thank you.” James moved his newspaper aside and looked over at Clint who was still smiling, propped up on his elbows now. He studied his face for a moment and then bent to kiss him.
“Nothing to say you’re sorry about,” Steve told him, standing. He checked his pocket watch and sighed internally. He was not ready to leave Tony’s bedside but he figured if he was tired it would be alright to go now.
needed to hear were those three words. Seeing James’ tear-stained cheeks had been surprising. He hadn’t even heard him crying and when he finally got a look at his face, he almost regretted sharing what he had but he knew James had been patiently waiting long enough. He must have figured that what Clint had to tell would not be particularly pleasant.
“Would I want something that belongs to you and is very personal but also unique?” he asked and reached out to take them and put them around his neck. The metal was cold at first which made him wince ever so slightly. “Thank you. This means a lot to me,
James reached down and tipped Clint’s head up, two fingers placed under his chin. He had Clint’s full attention now as he said, “I’d drive you here and back again whenever you wanted if it made you happy and comfortable.” He moved his fingers from his chin and instead slipped them into Clint’s hair, grabbing a handful of the dirty blond locks and leaning down so they were face to face. “Anything for my baby.”
Clint snorted, feeling a little better just hearing her voice. She’d been busy lately and Clint had been wallowing in self-pity and sadness so he too had been busy and they hadn’t been able to spend much time together. It was one of the few things about his new life that he actually hated: the long periods of time spent without Natalia.
Clint was taking a leap here and he knew he risked exposing him if it wasn’t the case but he had to know. And it would make sense, right? Of course they would take them both. James had said Steve was at risk.
James’ hands were gentle over bruises and cuts that were still healing but rough and skilled on sore muscles and stress knots. Clint had accumulated a lot of those in the last few weeks.
“Knock, knock,” Natasha said at the door to Steve’s office. He pulled himself out of his concentration and swiveled around in his chair to see her and a small girl with her. He smiled. “I know you’re busy but I just brought her by for a tour and Fury said you were here.”
On the couch were three people he didn’t know and then at the table were faces he recognized, so he grinned and headed for them. Bucky and Sam were at the table with Wanda, Thor, and Val, short for Valkyrie, drinking coffee and chatting. On the couch were Clint, Pietro, and Wade watching Jeopardy (and losing terribly), and in the kitchen Natasha and Okoye stood holding hands and talking about their weekend plans.
They cried louder still, some of the patrons of the nearest table adding their bellowing cackles to their own.
The Soldier smiled softly and turned back to his work, Heimdall appearing without a word in the room and settling in pose like a statue. Thor dragged his feet as he followed the silent Director to his own rooms and sat sullenly in the plush seats of his waiting area. The Colonel eyed him coolly as he closed the door joining the rooms with a very quiet click.
Steve felt a swell of pride in his chest, his sorrow lifting for a second as he saw the faces of those he could save. And that’s what mattered in the end, isn’t it? What remains?
No one approached him, and he seethed his broad sword in his scabbard on his back, many humans jumping at the sound of the finely sharpened blade sliding in its cover.
He… He loved this man. He would not wait to share eternity with him; and somehow, Odin had not been entirely against it. Perhaps that comment of grandchildren had more purpose than he had let on. Thor fidgeted some more, feeling uncharacteristically shy as he approached his busy husband.
As Thor left the dungeon cells, he could feel the weariness leave him with each rising step. Even the less than pleasant confrontation with his brother could not cloud the fact that he, God of Thunder, was no longer up for takes.
Thor cried bitterly that night, and the next morning he visited his friend in his hospital bed, fresh out of surgery and recovering marvelously. Thor smiled brightly at the dark-haired man and congratulated him for his decision.
When Steven slipped past her guard as she jabbed forward, his palm hitting wide open on the inside of her elbow, causing her to drop her weapon and in a carefree flick of his wrist, he jabbed her in the side with the blunt handle of the dagger.
“And there it is.” The Goddess smirked as the God of Thunder all but tore the flimsy wall down to re-enter the room and plop himself by his husband’s side.
“Look at me. Thor, look at me.” Steve called, cupping the God’s tear stained face in his hands, catching his wet gaze with his own and holding it firmly “He is alive, and he will stay that way, because of you.”
Loki hummed, a wicked smirk parting his now moist lips. “Just wondering why the good man is spending his time baking sacrilegious treats when he could be of far better use in your bed”
“Of course it is” The Director dolled, staying still in his pose as he eyed the newcomer with a distrustful eye. “It’s me”
Silence filled the room as all the Tavern eyed each other and the stunned Captain; guilty hand in the air where he stood still before a dark-haired prostitute; with sharp intent and promptly bellowed.
Steve had agreed to function as Ambassador, much to his bewildered surprise; which would give him free and unlimited transit from Asgard to Earth, at his discretion.
“I will” Gamora said, for once bringing out the courage she should have had, the loyalty she felt but had not shown, Gamora extended her hand for her sister to take, palms meeting between the unbreakable bars of Asgards prisons. The woman smiled wetly to the cyborg “I promise, I will.”
The people gathered, from young to old, prepared their weapons at the command. Armed with swords, bows and hammers, the cheerful spectators soon became a frightening army in a blink of an eye. All Asgardian warriors down to the very last of them. Odin nodded his approval and pressed on. “Let us continue.”
Ronan growled and swung his weapon at the mechanical armor, managing to dislodge himself of the iron grip just in time to receive a hammer stroke to the face by a furious God of Thunder.
“You can keep it” Quill offered, ignoring the protests of his friends as he struggled to hold the Guardian’s gaze “It’s safest here with Odin than in Thanos’ hands.”
Thor smiled thickly and pressed a chaste kiss to her pale lips. “It’s alright, trust me… I love you”
I know some did not want smut or would have liked it to to be in a side story, but the narrative of this scene was so visceral for me that I had to keep it in. I will still try to take in account all your comments on the rating of this story. Sorry if it bothers anyone, but I feel Thor/Jane needed closure.
He sucked a deep breath as he took in the visage of the blond Soldier, dressed smartly in a dark blue uniform with many decorations that only called ones eyes to gaze upon his ample, firm chest and that tantalizing, dipping waist in appreciation.
His body moved like in a dream, kneeling before the minute cross, laid bare of all ostentatious things, just him and his faith. And still, he struggled to form the words.
“Maybe” Tony agreed “A little, it’s still early, he’s still mine though.” He pulled a holographic copy of the contract from his watch piece for the whole room to read, as the President remained frozen with the original in his shaking hands “The US signed off the right to the Captain’s body in the early 80’s to Howard Stark in exchange for the formula of the Erskine’s Serum... And guess who inherited all things Stark?”
“I need-” Thor began, only to be cut off by the bathroom door closing behind a short-tempered Captain. The God sighed into the pillow that smelled fully of the man, hugging it to his chest as he settled down on his stomach to stare at the bathroom door where the source of his obsessions had disappeared “…
Thor grinned at his mother and rose from his seat in an eager leap. “It is settled then; you are Steven’s tutor”
“But perhaps, I can speed things up a tad with the lovely Captain” Loki groused as he leaned forward, pressing his clammy forehead to Thor’s in a near comforting gesture “After all, he has given me the means to escape this foul place”
“You should still remain here for the night, I believe.” Mistress Eir ordered, her wrinkled face tender though stern on the newlywedded pair, the sweetness of the God’s fumbling attentions to his spouse enough to make the elderly woman fight to hold back a coo.
Thor rubbed at his stinging behind, shooting a reproachful glance at the mute Guardian. “That was unnecessary” and then, because Thor was in cheeky mood “Steven will hear of this”
The All Father walked up to the stand, where the voice man stayed pale in face and scrambled to give way as Odin settled face to face of the now nervous Earthlings.
“You mean Captain Steve Rogers” One man spoke, his icy blue eyes shifting in a valiant attempt to hold his gaze, however unadvisable it was “Captain America”
He toured the Continent in an almost dreamlike state, rain followed him wherever he went, and in some places he stayed for longer than he absolutely needed. Millions set their hands on Mjolnir, none could lift it. Thor moved on to the next Continent.
Steve searched his face for a moment, before breaking into a shy grin of his own “I had to hide the other one from you” He admitted, his eyes downcast and hands resting on his hips. An absolutely charming habit of his whenever he fought to keep his expressions in check. “The way you ate the first one to the last crumb made me scared there would be none left for your mother”
Thor dared to place a kiss to the Captain’s brow, startling a soft chuckle from the man as he was once again dragged across their wedded room to the other side of the shared chambers.
From that night on, Thor was a constant shadow to Steven’s comings and goings, as he could not yet trust the Captain to truly object to anything that the court could ask of him. Even with the Captain’s word to call on him if he were to feel overcome in any situation, knowing the Captain it would be most likely he call on Thor when literally set on fire, and only to tell him not to worry.
Some days after, Thor had convinced the Captain to take a week off of their duties and part for a hunting trip with the Warrior Three and Lady Sif, as Thor did every decade or so. Steven had been acting strange in random intervals, mostly around Family dinners and Thor thought it wise to give him a respite from his Father’s pointed looks and his Mother’s constant fretting.
It wasn’t his fault, he logically knew this, it didn’t stop Tony from hating his part in it, however unwilling it had been.
Each whispered comment driving the blush on the fair Captain’s cheeks to go lower and lower down his armor’s neckline. Thor’s grin threatened to part his face in two.
It was not entirely improbable that among the billions of humans living in Earth, a few could be worthy?
Sorry for taking so long, this is a bit shorter than I should have but I have a lot more in store for the next chapters, Steve on Earth is going to be a treat!
Odin’s voice echoed like a palpable slap, murmurs ceased, and breaths were held, as all present tensed in the ready for another slight. Thor’s grip on Mjolnir tightened and adjusted as Odin reared himself to continue.
He leaned close to the rumpled Captain, arms thrown over each other’s shoulders as they carried the others weight in camaraderie, sniping back and forth as to who was responsible for beginning the fight.
One dark brow rose to match the other, and Thor’s chest broke like a dam overfilled, spilling word after word to shape the events following Loki’s defeat, which earned him an enraged scowl, to his dealings with the United Nations and finally, Odin’s vow.
It took a second, but her arms came up and around his quacking shoulders, rubbing him gently, holding him just so. He pressed a kiss to her sternum, where his favorite constellation of freckles lived. He nuzzled them lovingly, dipping his head and pressing an adoring kiss bellow her left breast, there were her heartbeat pounded the hardest. The closest he would ever be to kissing her beautiful heart.
Fury turned to him and eyed him for a long second before reaching out to pat his shoulder. “Good for you, Rogers. If anyone needs me, don’t,” he added, walking back to his office after grabbing a bagel from the table.
Tony didn’t know if he had any expectations at all but if he had, this was much better than anything he could have come up with by himself. He bit down on his lip, effectively biting back his moans, and clinging to Steve while he felt his hand on him. Even through the layers of clothing he felt the warmth of Steve’s hand, making him moan into the kiss.
“Steven Grant Rogers, if you try to leave this bed, I’ll put you right back in one,” she threatened and he stayed down, his eyes on Tony now.
Steve lifted his phone and showed them the open chat and blank text box, explaining his predicament.
She leaned down and gently gave him a hug, pressing a kiss to his cheek. “I’m so glad you’re alright,” she said softly, pulling away after a moment to brush his hair back and Clint nearly fell into her lap at the motherly touch. It had been
She nodded, agreeing. It was true. A job like this required a certain level of earned secrecy. A nobody would raise questions and red flags with anyone they tried to deal with but an established mob boss known for his utter lack of humanity would be able to get done whatever he needed to do without anyone even thinking about questioning him or telling others.
,” he said and looked at each of them in turn. Benni was the most excited by the looks of it. Sarah reached her hands out and said grace for them, giving thanks for the meal and for Tony’s recovery. It made him smile and he gave her hand a gentle squeeze.
“I don’t mind the sun. I tan a bit.” He rolled up his sleeve neatly, holding his arm next to Steve’s. Despite him and his winter skin he was still more tanned than Steve. “That’s really pale.” He chuckled and leaned back, his eyes still on Steve’s strong and veiny arms. He almost sighed in delight but managed to bite it back. “Do you ever go to the beach during summer?”
It was Bruce who spotted him first and went running down scared thinking something had caught on fire and he hadn’t realized.
Tony sniffed. “Yeah, sure,” he said, keeping his voice light and carefree, “but here’s the thing, what if he was just being polite?” Tony snapped his fingers, and made an ‘I don’t know’ gesture, holding his hands out from him and shrugging his shoulders.
Sarah moved forward towards him and ran her fingers through his hair, standing on the other side of the bed to Tony and James remained at the foot. She kissed his hair.
“Mr Romanov,” a man said, coming over to James and extending a hand. James eyed it but did not take it.
Tony sat up and hugged his knees close to his chest, resting his chin on top of them and taking deep breaths. So much was happening. He didn’t even know where to begin to sort his thoughts. If only everything was as easy as numbers, doing chores, running the store. How did one deal with any of this?
It felt oddly… normal. This wasn’t the first time James had found himself noticing a flare up of normalcy in his life. It was something he had started noticing when Clint first began to enter his life and then when Natalia became a more regular feature as well as Maria. He found himself having dinners at home with them all, sitting around and laughing as they shared stories. Sometimes Dmitri joined them, other times he spent with Dugan but he, too, was part of James’ oddly domestic inner circle.
“Never made a coffee drink. Always up for a challenge,” Clint told him, his stomach growling at the mere mention of food. He ate another piece of his stale bread roll and let out another sigh, dragging a hand down his face.
Clint slid in and met eyes with Dmitri, giving him another joyless smile but at least it was something. He felt like such a burden.
Steve took out his checkbook and wrote off the price that Monet told him, handing it to her without a second thought. While she got everything ready, he went over to James.
“I’ll remember that,” she replied, nodding even though she was no stranger to having a child with nightmares in her home. “How are
Steve felt terrible that he didn’t have the energy to ask more than a few questions and certainly didn’t have as animated of an expression as his mother did when Benni told his stories. He hoped the kid knew he cared and didn’t think Steve was bored of him, he just simply didn’t have the energy.
James put a hand on Clint’s arm and raised an eyebrow questioningly. Clint signed to him that he just wanted to be sure first. Tony wouldn’t be leaving his home, not giving up too much more than his space and even then not really because James would keep to himself and Clint would only go where invited.
me. That’s… you’re just…” He trailed off, too much to say about Tony and too little time. He reached out with one hand to cup his cheek, his thumb stroking across his face. “I love you, Tony.”
Tony sipped his water slowly, holding onto Steve’s hand. He told him about his rather uneventful afternoon but he kept finding something to talk about. At one point he even talked about the chapter Benni and he read. All he did was wait until Steve gave him a sign that it was enough or that he wanted something else. For him, Tony would always find something to say.
“Couldn’t fall asleep. The fact that I didn’t hear you come downstairs is scaring me enough to never sleep again if I’m completely honest.” He wrapped the blanket around Clint’s shoulders and his own. It wasn’t much but luckily there was a second blanket he could throw over their legs if need be. “Wanna talk about those bad dreams?”
For a second time that day Tony’s eyes filled with tears. There was someone else. No, there were at least two other people who were going through the same things? He wasn’t alone in this. He wasn’t going mad. He wasn’t weak? The last one was probably the biggest surprise for Tony. Because if Steve and James weren’t weak for feeling those things and experiencing them, why would Tony be? He, who had not been through nearly as much as them.
, do you know your shoe size?” Sarah called from where she was standing. It took several attempts before Tony managed to answer the question. He was so exhausted he didn’t even want to ask why she wanted to know it. Whatever he needed to do to get into his bed, he would do it. Until then Tony would simply sit there and stare into the space between mirrors, not focusing on anything and ignoring everything.
“She’s helping me today,” he said and Pepper with her charming ways introduced herself and had them smiling at her in no time and they let them in. Jones still patted Tony down when he came in and Tony had gotten used to it.
Tony swallowed and then cleared his throat. “I, um. Me too.” They fell into comfortable silence for a moment before Tony spoke again. “Any good firefighting stories?”
“I’m really not tired and I won’t leave you to all this work.” She laughed softly, closing her eyes as she did. Steve looked exactly like his mother. How Tony wished he looked like his mother too.
Tony stood in front of the door and unlocked it, but he found himself unable to push the door open and enter. His hands were trembling and he was about to turn around and run when Falsworth reach up and opened the door for him.
He didn’t know exactly what they had heard but he had a good enough idea. Footsteps, perhaps even something being knocked over because the person was careless. Whatever they had heard, the three of them had not been alone and experience told Steve that whoever was there was behind the fires.
“Alright then I’ll call Davis at the 76th precinct, see if he can put out an APB matching Bucky’s description in the area,” Steve said, taking out his phone.
Steve’s entire disposition changed. His bright eyes going dark and the desire to whistle lost. “I thought you said you handled that, Dugan.”
“I might get married this summer. Will ya come to the wedding if I invite ya?” Pepper asked, stirring the straw in her drink.
“Yeah,” Steve said, checking his own watch when he finally found it in the pocket of the waistcoat he’d taken off. It was 4am.
“I just want to love you. I don’t understand why they want me dead because of it. It’s got nothing to do with—I only—I’ve known Falsworth for seven years. We used to pull all kinds of pranks on Jones and Dugan. I’ve got a hundred and one stories about him and me. And now he wants to kill me all because the person I choose to love is a man.” The tears were back, threatening to fall down his cheeks and he was just barely containing it.
What was the right move here? A text? How should he even start it? Or maybe seeing him in person again would be better. Damn, Steve had been single and not even trying to mingle for
“Repeat it again and you’ll be on bathroom duty for a week, Barton. Don’t test me,” Rhodey threatened. Clint promptly shut up and put his head down. Rhodey turned back to Tony, glaring daggers at his best friend.
They talked a while longer about this and that, the new relationship coming up at random times and Sarah asked about Benni and Steve said he was fine with it and that she could also talk to him and Tony about it if she needed.
“Oh, well in that case and with that perfect logic, of course, my love. I’ll buy you a car. I’ll buy you seven even, one for each day of the week,” he said, smiling and swaying gently with Tony to music in his head, remembering that Tony had asked him to dance again. He moved that up to the top of his priority list.
Against his better judgement and being impossibly quiet, Steve moved in further and pulled the blanket up over his shoulders but Tony woke immediately, sitting up as soon as his eyes were open.
They went to the living room and spread out in the various seats. Sarah took one couch and Benni curled up next to her with his juice. Steve plopped down next to James and smacked his leg.
“I don’t like girls, Benni. I’m not like most men.” He paused for a moment. “It’s frowned upon and if anyone knew we could be in trouble, Steve and I.”
Some time later—Tony wasn’t sure how much time had passed exactly—the door opened and someone put a tray down harshly and left right away. There were two glasses of water, two rolls of bread, and two potatoes. Hastily, Tony drank one of the glasses of water and grabbed a potato and a bread roll, sitting back on his mattress. He didn’t want to risk anything.
Steve grinned into his drink and began explaining to James what Tony had told him. He started with the bad—Howard haunting him—and ended with the good. James’ eyebrows had been at his hairline since Steve had mentioned him not only being okay with torture but thanking him for it.
He crouched down and counted to thirty, listening in the darkness for any noise that would indicate that guards were walking.
The next morning Tony felt exhausted though he never slept more in his life. It was the weekend and he knew that would mean no work, no school and with that not a lot of things to do to keep himself distracted. He really liked the work he was doing for and with Steve. How would he continue doing that?
During dinner Benni asked a lot of questions about the house, what there was to do and see and what he could do when he came home from school. James had arranged for someone to pick Benni up, just to be sure and promised he would show Benni around later.
And now Steve told him he had several hundred dollars in an account for himself. And he didn’t have to lift a finger. Didn’t risk a beating. While he could sleep comfortably and had time to read books and do things with his brother, Pepper, and Steve.
“I don’t think he can stand Howard,” Tony stated. Knowing that a man in his position had even noticed these kind of things when others didn’t even notice a bandage. He noticed that Tony wasn’t using his good hand and asked. He even remembered the thing with his wrist. Sometimes Tony himself forgot about his most recent injuries until something happened and the pain reminded him. Pepper started clearing the tables and Tony went back to the kitchen to do the dishes, all the while thinking of Mr Rogers.
James answered, turning his attention now to Natalia who waved at him from her spot on the couch beside Clint. “Natalia,” he added warmly.
“I’ll take it,” Maria said with a laugh, intertwining her and Natalia’s fingers. “And thank you for the dresses.” Natalia nodded.
“How does 2pm sound?” Benni cheered and got up to run around. Tony was just about to scold his brother but Sarah placed a hand on his shoulder.
James sighed softly. “We were never staunchly orthodox but… a synagogue was the first thing my parents looked for when we came to America. We observed Shabbat every week. It’s just—”
Tony scooted up and cupped Steve’s face. Never before did he need this much contact to someone else. “I have nothing to compare this to. Don’t worry about etiquette.” He kissed his lips and hummed. He could kiss him now... what a nice thought. “I should check on Benni soon.”
“Alright,” he took Steve’s hand and walked with him downstairs, only letting go before they reached the kitchen. The table was set and Sarah was serving everyone already before they had even reached the dining table.
“My… fiancé,” Steve began and no one in the room reacted as if it were anything wrong. “Her complexion isn’t far off from yours, may I?”
“And you know, it wasn’t too terrible seeing you without the felony charge circumstances,” Steve told him, squeezing the shoulder once before he dropped his hand and winked.
Clint and Steve finally have a chat, New York’s oddest slumber party comes to an end, and Sarah has another great idea. Plus, Pepper’s getting married!
He knew Tony likely meant the talkativeness but Steve meant the battle fatigue. It was worse than anything he or Dugan or Jones experienced. Pinky couldn’t even think about holding a gun nowadays without shutting down.
, he wanted to yell and one look at Sam told him he felt the same. He was glad Rhodey was alright, beyond glad, but for fuck’s sake, how was Steve?
“As much as I could. Or else ma would read aloud whatever she’d recently picked up,” he told him, the memory bright in his mind, one of the better childhood ones. Life was not always ‘which bespoke suit shall I wear today?’ “What’s your go-to genre? I noticed the books from your old room and I got you new copies.” He’d kept the old ones as well, putting them with the other few things he’d brought from the deli just in case Tony wanted them.
James asked Clint, his voice dropping an octave and Steve choked on his bite of chicken as the words registered. Clint was torn between blushing and grinning.
Clint looked up to see James. James who was always there when Clint needed him. Who was always the strong one when Clint needed him to be. Another little voice in his head was trying to make him feel bad for that and he knew it would succeed later but for now he was just happy to see him.
They waved him away, rolling their eyes. “Too late,” Jones laughed and then he sobered, reaching out to put a hand on Steve’s shoulder. “We’re just glad you’re alright.” Steve patted his hand as Tony came back in. Dugan watched the way Steve’s eyes followed him, lovingly, like Tony was simultaneously the best and most precious person on earth. And to Steve he was.
“Welcome home, both of you. How did it go?” Tony asked them, raising his cup of coffee to his lips with his free hand.
Tony dared to look up when Steve moved. He knew he didn’t have to be afraid of any physical consequences for what he said. Not with him. It was still just a force of habit. He was rubbing his hand over his knee while he tried to figure out what to say. “Thank you,” he said with a quiet but sincere voice. “I… I’m really grateful for what you’re doing.”
Steve gave him a sad look, a tilted head and worried eyes, but then it was followed by a small smile. “I’m glad you came to me. It’s a relief knowing you’ll talk to me when you really need to.”
James searched the fridge and then took out a few simple ingredients and got to work making Clint a gourmet meal. He had been spoiling him ever since he’d gotten home. The only simple meals he had made for Clint were cereal and that was only because Clint said he had really missed a nice, cold bowl of cereal.
Steve watched everyone at his table, content with where his life was at the moment despite his doubts and troubles. Surrounded by the people he loved most and Clint who he was warming up to, Steve felt at peace. He turned and pressed a kiss to Tony’s head for no reason other than he could, smiling at him.
James eyed him, deciding for now to keep his own issue under wraps. “I think we should go downstairs. I’m sure they’re wondering what we’ve been talking about for so long,” James said, standing and cracking his neck.
Tony looked away when she said the last sentence. He’d never needed help before. Not like this. Not that he would have gotten it anyway. It was a foreign concept to him, no matter how how he put it in his mind.
Steve sighed. “Your father happened.” He watched Tony’s face carefully. “I don’t know the reasons behind it but you took a brutal beating. You came here in an ambulance courtesy of James,” he added, again indicating towards him.
Steve reached for his gun again, not in the mood for insubordination on top of everything else. “Beg your motherfucking—“ And then another shot was fired and two more after that. The second two from Dugan’s gun through the boy’s head. The first one—
“Let me have a look, Jess,” Steve said, taking the offered file from Jessica Jones, OFI’s top investigator. He opened it and glanced through the report she had made, his eyebrows raising when he got to the fourth page. “You’ve got a positive print?”
“You saying that because it was my idea, Jimmy?” Sarah said, coming around the corner with a box of muffins she had baked. They were Clint’s favorite, lemon poppyseed.
“They did. They do. And we will find them and do better,” Steve said firmly, turning to James with that signature ‘Steve Rogers Will Tear The World Apart To Get What He Wants’ look.
Steve helped Tony back into the bed, happy that the visit seemed to have done him some good. “I did. Smart move, love,” he told him, pressing another kiss to his forehead. “You want them now?”
Just as he decided to put his jacket back on, even though he felt grimy in it, his door opened and two men came in. Before Tony could react, everything went dark again, but this time because he was knocked out and not because of a hood over his head.
It was the first time she sat him down and talked to him directly, telling him he needed to leave that place, take his brother and run away. He told her about the money and how he didn’t have enough to make it anywhere for a fresh start.
Things got a little easier between the four of them after that, a flow was developed. Steve and Clint could be left in a room together without there being this unspoken tension. They even found that they had things in common and, when it was just the two of them, they would reminisce on the better parts of being in the war. There was only one or two but they existed and it helped both of them to gain strength over the nightmares and other nasty side effects of the war that they had brought home.
“We needed somewhere private to have a drink. I took him there. We used your office. Wait, is that alright?” James asked, suddenly sobering.
Alexei, one of Dmitri’s men, was also at the bar. After Vitaly, he was Dmitri’s most trusted therefore James had assigned him to be Clint’s shadow whenever he wasn’t home and Natalia wasn’t available. Clint had yet to say anything about it but James was certain he had noticed. There was very little he didn’t notice.
“Nothing to thank me for, Steve. Just have Sarah stop calling me Jimmy.” Steve was not in the mood for jokes so he nodded and stayed by Tony’s side, using the handkerchief in his pocket to clean away some of the blood. He barely recognized him.
“It looks delicious,” he told James. It did, but Tony felt full. He hadn’t had that kind of problem since Nella had passed.
“Out,” James said and Tony turned to look at him. So they were taking care of this? How did they even let this happen? Tony sat down in the chair next to Sarah and kept holding her hand. There was nothing for them to do but sit and wait.
It had been so long since he’d tried speaking consolingly to someone or tried to be gentle. He and his mother were rarely gentle with one another as was their way and he and James had such an understanding of one another that it wasn’t necessary. It was easy with Benni because Steve knew where he stood with him. He was a big brother figure. It was not easy with Tony because a big brother was the last thing he wanted to be but he also realized that it might be what Tony needed.
He kicked them open and all three of them dashed through and out into an alleyway. It was empty but there was a trail of trash that looked like it had been piled up before someone ran right through it. Jessica took off in that direction and Bucky followed, Steve went around the other side.
“This looks more like a room your mom uses,” Tony said. It had a female feel to it and he could see her sitting on one of those couches cross-stitching and listening to music. “I have never seen a fireplace as big as that one” He pointed to the fire, feeling its warmth on his face. Never cold again? That would be nice.
“Doctors said it’ll take a few weeks until you start feeling like yourself again. You’ve been out a week already, don’t know if he told you,” he said, jerking a thumb behind him at James who continued to watch, his poker face up and stronger than ever.
“Nothing I can’t handle.” He wasn’t about to go through the list of injuries, he wouldn’t do that to Jones.
Tony bit the inside of his cheek, telling himself for the hundredth time in the last couple of minutes that this wasn’t targeted at him. This wasn’t even his Steve. “You say and do whatever you need to. Get it out of your system. Throw it all at me, Steve. I don’t care. I will not leave you.” He walked to the drip and rolled it out of reach from Steve. “And you’ve had more than enough for now.”
Steve passed James’ door. It was shut. He stood outside it for a minute, hand raised to knock but he decided against it at the last minute. If James was finally sleeping, good for him.
“Slow and painful it is,” James said cheerfully, unsheathing his knife and walking towards Bakuto before he stopped and turned to Steve who had only rolled up his sleeves, ready to hit. “Here.” James extended the hand with the knife towards Steve and Steve stared at it incredulously.
Clint followed, linking their arms together and waiting for James and Maria. Maria came next and then James last. The valet had only offered unemotional greetings to the other three but when James stepped out, he startled, fixing his posture and tipping his hat.
Tony pressed his lips together when he blushed. He’d been learning Italian? His first instinct was to feel ashamed because apparently he had been slipping into Italian more than he realized and was giving Steve a hard time understanding him. But the way Steve said those words… That couldn’t be the reason. “
Clint knew in that moment that he owed it to James to share. James never pressed, he never nagged, he never got frustrated with Clint for being so emotionally constipated. He was always patient, gentle, and kind and, really, Clint knew Winter and James were not one and the same but to see just how different his version of James was even from the version he gave to Steve or Natalia only motivated him more.
Tony helped around with some files after lunch, burning some that needed to be destroyed and reorganizing the others. It was easy work but it kept Tony somewhat busy from staring at Steve and thinking about him in the most inappropriate ways. Steve kept his normal unreadable face throughout the day but Tony started seeing nuances in his face.
“Missed you. And that. Didn’t think—” He broke off to yawn—“didn’t think we’d get to again,” he mumbled, nuzzling his face against James’ pec as if it were a pillow and he was trying to make it more comfortable. James would’ve thought it was adorable if not for the words coming out of Clint’s mouth. “Hurt so much… an’ I didn’ get’ta say bye… but…”
He wondered what kind of space he was being kept in. Was he given a blanket? A cot? Something other than a hard floor, at least.
Tony furrowed his brows and gave him a questioning look. “I know how to use a knife. Oh, you mean as a weapon?“ The idea of learning how to fight close up with a knife, learning to use a gun, it was exciting. It was a part of himself he didn't know was there. And yet he liked it, could see where it came from and wanted it. “Can’t hurt to learn, I guess.”
“A kid threw up on me this week,” Natalia said, snuggled up beside Clint with her pizza on a plate in her lap, holding a piece folded in her right hand while she spoke, her left fingers looped absently around the belt loops of Clint’s pants that he had put on ‘just for her.’ She really had missed him and though she also wasn’t one to vocalize her emotional needs, she showed it through all of the extra touch.
Tony pulled Steve into his arms and laid back on the couch. Once they were settled he gently rubbed his hand across Steve’s back soothingly, just as he did when Benni climbed into bed with him after having a nightmare. Only that Steve's weight was completely different. And so was his scent, the feeling of him on top of Tony, simply everything about the situation. And yet it felt strangely familiar. As if they had been here time and time again. That was what he appreciated about Steve the most. Nothing felt as if it was out of place.
The chapters are really long from here on out. Also, I'll be providing a list of vocab with translations on any chapters using Italian, Russian, Gaelic, Irish English Slang or uncommon 1940s terms from here on out.
“Everything alright?” Steve asked him, moving towards him, his eyes scanning Tony for any new injuries out of habit.
“It’s alright. It’s made for an interesting morning. Don’t stress. See you soon.” He gave it back and Rhodey said something brief to Tony and hung up.
The two guards in front of Mr Rogers’ building looked at Tony and simply let him in, but not without asking about his cute girlfriend. He simply smiled and headed inside. Why would they think he’d make his girlfriend work with him? Jones gave him the usual pat down and Tony tried his hardest not to flinch when he hit a sore spot.
Dmitri turned to Tony. “Of course.” He told Dugan to eat all his food before he got back and Dugan just laughed and asked for a hot pie from the place near James’ house. Dmitri nodded and left.
Once his tears had slowed but not stopped entirely, Clint inhaled deeply, the sound a little choked and then he spoke.
“How are you going to keep this up?” He asked with a smile and picked up his jacket, putting it back on. “Thanks, Steve. For trusting me this much.”
Whatever was happening he was angry and there were little specks of blood on one of his bandages and it hurt, it really, really hurt. That only made him angrier, the morphine still running high in his system. He looked up at Tony, his face hard and closed off, his eyes cold. “Get out. Leave me alone.”
Honestly, Clint had been expecting Sarah. With Steve and Tony gone, her house was much emptier and she kept finding herself cooking more than she and Benni could eat before it spoiled, so lately she’d visited more often. At times just to say hello and let Benni see Lucky or to drop off food but this was a surprise.
“No need to apologize, love,” Steve said quietly, swallowing down his own emotions because this was not about him. “I know and I’m so sorry, my love. Please can I have your hand back?”
“It’s nothing big but while we are away, I would be grateful if the two of you could occasionally stop by the house. Just to open windows, check on Lucky, you know.” He made a vague gesture with his hands.
James reflected on that, only speaking again after a minute or so had passed in which time Clint had taken his cigar and smoked it. He handed it back and James took a long, contemplative drag, blowing the smoke out slowly and dammit if that wasn’t distracting Clint.
He glared up at the men who just laughed and dropped off their evening meal, still laughing at Clint as they left. The fact that they saw him as so far beyond threatening made him hopeful about the number of guards they would have overnight.
Steve stood at the scene of the latest diner fire, arms crossed over his chest, sunglasses on as he watched OFI work. Bucky stood beside him. He wasn’t
“Please don’t let that name catch on,” he groaned and Steve laughed, going over to give him a hug. James pulled him into a tight, crushing bear hug.
“Right away?” Tony asked, having given the gun back to Steve, who then looked to James and James shrugged in response. Tony looked down at himself. He was still in his suit from work. It would be the first time since Maria’s funeral that Howard would see Tony in a suit. And it would be his last time too. It would also be the last time Tony would ever have to see Howard. The sooner he got that done, the sooner he could get over it.
“I don’t know,” he said, his voice small. It was obvious that he hated to admit it. “I’m not one to make plans to run away.” He remembered a time when he was hiding every cent in a tin box under his bed. Yes, he was planning on escaping but it was more of a plan to plan the plan. This was new to him and he didn’t do so well with new things.
“—ain’t nothing or nobody changing that, okay? No matter how handsome he may be. And in any case, James loves you too.”
Tony eyed the wheelchair and looked over to the wall that was separating him from Clint. It was very weird to be without him. Even though he got to curl up with Steve every night, which was much better and everything he had wanted, there was still a noticeable absence. “Alright.” He took Steve’s hand and sat down in the wheelchair.
“Thanks, Barton, but I have to make a quick stop. I’ll be back before you’re done.” He headed off down the street still in his turnout gear minus the jacket. He stopped in front of the garage with the bright red and gold lettering and went inside.
Clint had been through something that had left him at a disadvantage before, losing his hearing, and now, although he knew in the back of his mind that his leg would heal, he was reminded of how he had struggled and how frustration it was to have to rely on others for so much. Clint was an incredibly independent person, had been for years, so even though the people he was left to rely on were James, Natalia, Dmitri, and occasionally Maria, it was still hard.
Their silence never felt charged or heavy and it was definitely something Tony appreciated about being with Steve. Laying there safe and warm and alone with him was soothing and helped him to relax and not think about anything in particular.
“I think that would be a grand idea, though, maybe we should come to you. What with his leg and all. Would you be up for that? I’ll wheel you over,” Steve asked Tony.
“I was a little sad for a bit,” she admitted and he looked away, “but only because I really wanted grandchildren.” He glanced back up at her and she reached out for his face, holding her hand softly to his cheek, rubbing her thumb across it. He lifted his hand to cover hers, a small smile on his face. “Seeing how happy you were made that sadness easier until I was just happy you were.”
James raised his eyebrows in surprise and looked at Natalia who mirrored his expression. “Sure. Take your pick.
He abhorred the idea of commercial air flight for many reasons, most of all because he was not a people person. The idea of being stuck in a flying tin can for fifteen hours with a bunch of strangers, being served food also from strangers, cooked by strangers, was
Steve laughed outright, dropping a shell in the pan and having to dig it out. “After ‘you need sleep’ and ‘you work too much’ that’s probably the third most common thing ma reminds me of.” And he did forget often. He and James both. They felt like older men, perhaps in their fifties when in reality there was a reason why Sarah called them her ‘boys’, though he doubted she’d ever stop that.
Steve felt a warmth spread out from his stomach to his extremities at hearing Tony say his name. What he expected and what he wanted of course were two different things and the second he would do his best to keep squashed down.
Tony felt someone touch him, which was something that would always wake him immediately no matter how much pain he was in. Everything hurt and he felt cold but when he looked up and saw Clint, albeit blurry and only for one second, he nearly smiled.
Before either of them said anything, James looked up at Dugan and then Dmitri. “If you two wouldn’t mind waiting outside.” It wasn’t a question, wasn’t even a request, and Dugan and Dmitri immediately excused themselves.
“Over here,” Bucky hissed, catching a glimpse of a black hoodie and blue jeans disappearing out the back doors.
Steve’s hands were both above the table now, only a little of his leg touching Tony’s. It seemed both of them were screwing up right now.
Before he knew it, he had drifted off into a light nap in her arms, waking from time to time. His train of thought was all over the place despite the comfort he felt. Even though it was only late March, Tony was sure this was one of the best years of his life. He would turn twenty soon and leave the teens behind him officially. He had a safe, warm home with enough to eat, he was in a loving relationship, and his brother had more attention on him than ever before in his life. The positives definitely outweighed the negatives and that was more than he could ever ask for.
Tony knew Steve needed to protect them but hearing him say it out loud to a stranger was something else. And yet he had to smirk. They fell ill. Well, some get the flu and others what they deserve. He hid his smile behind his hand.
Clint’s nightmares woke him. It was dark in the room but he focused his efforts on not freaking himself out. Instinctively he reached for his hearing aids in the place where he was used to them being beside the bed, his pulse speeding up when his hand only found cold, hard ground.
Tony waited until everyone had their food in front of them and Benni took his broken hand very carefully, signaling to him that they would say grace first. He hadn’t done that in years and he truly hoped no one would ask him to do it.
As they walked, going in and out of places, getting much the same reaction, Steve’s mind was elsewhere. On the Stark son. What was his name? Edward?
