“Don’t call me that,” the deep voice snaps. John seeks out the source and finds the tall, young man sitting regally on the edge of his bed, looking as if he is wearing royal robes rather than a bed sheet. John grins.
“She? She who?" John asks, distractedly trying to find a way to turn off tracking on his stupid mobile and silently cursing his sister, Harry, for gifting him the thing. “for Christ's sake, Sherlock, it’s late. Can you just...I don't know," he looks up to gesture emphatically at him before returning to his mobile settings, "
“Sorry, Mrs. Hudson." I glance around and step further into the room, peering into the kitchen as well. "Is Sherlock-?”
… besides, you appear to be going out.” He shoots his flatmate a hard, challenging look. They both know the choice John has to make here.
” he repeats more firmly and then he's talking rapidly. "That's absurd. A monumental waste of time for a forgone conclusion. The current data is more than sufficient." He is gesturing wildly and backing himself up against the window. There is a delicious pink flush on his chest, his cheeks, and the tops of his ears. John wants to touch each heated bit of flesh and soothe the sting of anxiety and embarrassment away.
that Sherlock narrows his eyes on her with an expression that clearly communicates his concern that she might have gone insane. He pulls his arm away from her touch.
“You’re a bit more than that, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock says plainly. Mrs. Hudson’s face tightens as her efforts at pulling herself together are struck down by his honesty. She twists her own fingers; trying so hard to hold back tears as she stares up at him that she is trembling with it. Sherlock sees her about to burst and straightens up. “You're also my
“Son-of-a-bitch, can’t even kiss you proper,” John curses, turning his head away. Sherlock pants into his shoulder, entire body aflame from that wild, not-quite kiss.
If Sherlock was laying out clues he no doubt thought John understood them. He would sometimes look at John like no one else knew anything but the two of them. This was always frustrating for John because, while the doctor is smart compared to most people, he just doesn't follow the genius’s brilliant leaps all the time. He is obviously cack at unraveling the man’s cryptic ciphers... or perhaps there really wasn't anything there at all to see, just empty words and the whole thing was in John's head.
It's a very nice office with an impressive view of London rising up behind Wilkes' large oak desk. We settle side-by-side across from Wilkes. He leans back, slouching comfortably in his leather chair. In contrast, I feel myself sitting up straighter than normal, uncomfortable in such obvious affluence.
I try to push those thoughts aside as Sebastian takes us through the evidence; showing us the security footage of the office from the previous night. The defacement apparently occurred within a minute gap in the footage. Sebastian then takes us down to the main security desk in the reception area where he points out on a computer the layout of the trading floor and its surrounding offices with alarms on all the entry and exit ways.
Though I know that I’ll be lucky if he's still showing the barest of interest in my existence by speaking to me when I get back, and I’ve every indication he'd prefer me to pursue someone else (if for no other reason than to sow doubt and show a lack of any deep commitment between us) this still feels like… well… like
The familiar sound of Sherlock’s voice, made strange with its raspy threads of want and desire, at last broke the spell over John. He stumbled backwards, his foot landing on the creaky board by the door, and both men’s eyes snapped towards him. John realized with a second wave of horror who the man was, Victor Trevor; one of the
"I was concerned there may be someone injured, sir," I say solemnly. I'm standing in military parade rest and I keep my words crisp and confident. Dimmock's eyes catch on mine and I hold them until he clears his throat and looks away.
Gary is looking a bit nervous and Billy is off to the side, smoothing at his limp, blond hair. They are in front of the Cross Keys Inn.
He looks up at the patient, shakes his head back and forth but runs to grab the crash cart anyways. As he's coming back, the patient's heart alarm goes off. The eerily familiar echo from his dream makes him go cold all over. But he boxes the swirl of thoughts and emotions away so he can focus.
“It's ok… stay calm…” His voice is mercifully empty of the emotions tumbling around inside him; fear, sadness, regret and longing. The darkness is ebbing towards him now, surging and retreating in little waves, like the tide coming in.
“I want you to know I will take it under careful consideration,” Sherlock concludes stiffly, his eyes wide with alarm at the gravity of his own words.
John drops his hands and Sherlock rocks forward with it. He looks down at John's hands with his brow knitted in confusion, as if offended that they've withdrawn their support.
After all his efforts, he stands before his wardrobe; dressed and groomed, precisely as if it is any other day. Yet, he finds himself staring at a reflection that is alien - unrecognisable to himself. He glares into the reflection's eyes, shining bright with the ember of something new and a little wild. He wonders if the act of seeing can change the observer, as being observed has been scientifically proven to change that which is observed.
Sherlock looks up him a long moment, stunned by the raw honesty. He hadn’t really thought of Angelo as a friend, though the man had done nothing but treat Sherlock as such. He can’t think of anything to say to this, so in response he shoves the forkful of pasta into his mouth, making a little hum of appreciation. Angelo gives him a pat on the back.
Every nerve is singing. Desire is a raging flood overflowing the banks and forcing everything around it to yield beneath its quest for release. He is pressing into John feverently with all the pent-up passion it has been difficult to conceal since they met at Bart’s - since centuries before that. The rightness of at last having John in his arms is humming in his bones.
“I - I just miss you,” he whispers into John's palm like an awful secret. “I know that doesn't make sense to you because, from your perspective, you can't miss something you've
However, in this moment, John is looking down at him with utter adoration, as if he is perfect, and it is enough to make some last self-defense barrier break inside Sherlock. This easy intimacy, this comfortable vulnerability, it is something that Sherlock didn't know was possible. Couldn't dream or dare to hope for. No one has ever looked at Sherlock like
“You were holding my wrist.” Sherlock looks down at his wrist and his eyes flick to John’s hand, now curled on his own lap. “In the car?” John shifts a little.
“That's what I'm afraid of,” John retorts, glaring up at him. His sigh is more than a little exasperated. “Sherlock, I don't want-”
“Why?” Watson grits his teeth and tries to remember that this kid is just raw, and not trying to be a pain in his very tired arse.
“Did you have a look at the file?” She asks, shifting her eyes and tipping her head to indicate the file Mycroft left on the table.
John draws back. His face goes hot as his blood runs cold, creating the perfect storm. He wants to defend himself - to deny it - but he knows the truth of the superficial nature of his life. He is friendly with everyone but close to no one. He longs for the kind of deep connection he's only felt once...
continues as he turns his eyes back towards the glass case, placing his fingertips lightly against the clear surface as if to feel the pots through the barrier.
“How does that feel?” John's eyes narrow on Sherlock's bare abdomen. “Through there, when you breathe? Any pressure?” He makes a gesture at two of the sorest ribs on the top right side of Sherlock’s chest.
“That’s absurd. What happened - It wasn’t him and it’s not about hurting him. It never was-” Sherlock bristles.
A little noise escapes John’s chest and he turns it into a clearing of his throat. He heaves himself out of his chair, moving quickly towards the stairs to his room.
Inflicting an apology on him could only be an exercise in self-indulgence - an attempt at unburdening my own well-deserved guilt.
John watches Sherlock for as long as he can but at last rolls to his back, sprawling out on the cement slab floor, and lets his eyes slide closed. The pain is overwhelming. He lets out a shaky breath, relieved that the danger is over and Sherlock is ok. Then he presses his eyes closed harder and grimaces.
He has let emotion cloud his judgement in this matter. This is all just medical procedure to John and Sherlock is just another patient. Though John finds Sherlock
He looks over at John and finds him staring at him again. "Suits you," he says with a nod, eyes dragging over Sherlock. Sherlock swallows, and his fingers drop away from the scarf. He can't think of a thing to say and doesn't know what else to do. He just stares back at John. After a moment, John drags his eyes away and clears his throat.
On the heels of that first revelation is the insight that he manipulated me into this position. He'd made the first move. The confrontation a moment ago; that irresistible enticement of danger and the challenge of overpowering him, had been a subversive strategy right out of his psychological game of seduction playbook that he'd used with me from the moment we met until the night I'd exploded inside him. He's telegraphing his moves and I’m naturally falling into that familiar battle rhythm.
. "I really don't think-" I freeze in mid sentence as I process the last bit of her sentence and the full weight of what she is suggesting at last hits me. "No, no. I’m afraid you've got it all wrong, Mrs Hudson," I say waving a hand in the universal gesture of
His fingers continue to dance over my keyboard as my cheeks burn. “It’s password protected,” I growl, clenching my fists. That's pretty much as clear a sign as you can give that you don't want other people mucking about with your stuff.
“You bastard,” Lestrade says and then he is reaching for Sherlock and Sherlock makes the split second decision to let whatever harm Lestrade needs to inflict on him happen. What he does not expect is for Lestrade to wrap his arms around him and pull him into a tight embrace, every bit of it communicating that he missed Sherlock and is happy to see him. Sherlock’s mind scrambles in confusion.
The look you gave me when I stepped out and started saying those vile words he was whispering in my ear, I thought you would never trust me again. I felt like I should have done more to keep you from ever seeing that, feeling that way. You trusted me. I always felt honoured that you trusted me. I always trusted you implicitly as well.
What if the truth lies in those little cracks of vulnerability and those flashes of raw and beautiful humanity that drew me to him on that first day? What if the hungry way he looks at me sometimes, and what happened between us that first night, and what he said on the sidewalk in front of Seb's club haven't been games or attempts to use or deceive me, but him letting his mask slip. What if,
“Precisely,” Mycroft snaps, his temper slipping. “That is what makes him decidedly dangerous. When a man that was to be snipped from the pattern continues on, he is a loose thread pulling at the weaving and distorting the entire tapestry.”
A spike of irritation shoots through him as his thoughts circle around again and that bulge in his silk robe gives a distressingly hopeful twitch. He narrows his eyes on it, clenching his fists.
All the little things are coalescing. John is his anchor, his calm in the center of the storm,  and the knowledge that that has erred is making his world crumble as if the walls he'd so painstakingly built were only ever made of sand. Everything that has happened to him over the past few hours compressed down into a single instant and explodes across his senses with devastating force. It’s too much data all at once, uncontained and thrashing around; pummeling him relentlessly from the inside.
I tip my head back and suck in a deep breath. I force myself to relax back into my seat and smooth out my features. However, there's no way to cover the fact that I'd lost control. She looks at me thoughtfully for a long moment before she continues.
The night from a month ago, the one he tries very hard to put out of his mind for both their sakes, plies its way to the front of John’s mind. Sherlock was clinging to him, as he is now, though then the younger man had latched on to his leg. His warm breath had sent goosebumps up John’s skin as he confessed to having a dark and demented mind that only John could quiet. He had confessed a lot of things that night that left John wondering what demons he was constantly trying to outrun by pouring so much of himself into
“Alright,” John says calmly. He is grateful for his military training which automatically kicks in when he is under stress, flooding him with a sense of calm and control. “We are getting you to bed and you are going to stay there until this all wears off,” he says, employing the commanding tone from his days of being an army Captain. He pulls Sherlock to his side and helps him down the hall to his bedroom.
Sherlock narrows his eyes, trying to detect the usual scorn beneath such a remark. Instead, John is grinning and his eyes are shining with a soft, genuine fondness in the low light as he turns and aims them both towards the bed.
as he lowers Sherlock onto the couch makes something at the center of Sherlock’s being snap and unravel. He feels lost, set adrift, unable to catch anchor on any sense of self beneath the ocean of John swallowing him up.
“Oh, yes." There is a smile in John's voice. However, he doesn't respond for agonisingly long moments. He puts the groceries away, then sinks into his chair by the fireplace and reaches for the paper without responding. There is a slight curl to his lips; something like a small, devious smile. He may be enjoying himself; enjoying keeping Sherlock waiting. However, there is also caution in his eyes and a hesitancy in his movements. He keeps making subtle, unconscious gestures of self-protection, as if he is feeling something out; calculating risk.
“Who? The boy?” Irene leans forward and tips her sunglasses down so she can get a better look. “Mmm,” she hums appreciatively. “John Watson. Captain of the University's rugby team. Top of class, surgical pre-med. Not from money, but I can see why she’d want to get her hooks in him. There's
The last two days the camp has been crawling with a dozen or so officers - poking their noses into everything. It is not unusual for the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers to be host to classes of newly minted officers several times a year. It seems that, as one of the more active but relatively secure frontline camps, the base gives officers (that are unlikely to see action otherwise) a vicarious taste of the grit and grind inherent to the most dangerous assignments. They come, hang about for a few days, collect stories and shake hands, then retreat back to their comfy posts.
“Taking your pulse,” John offers rubbing a finger across his upper lip in a small, quick gesture. Sherlock's eyes narrow.
I don't say anything. I just slowly turn to stare at him, eyes hard and cold. I fold my arms over my chest and set my jaw in accusation. Last time he'd broken into my room he stole my gun, handcuffed me to the bed and held me at knife point...
John shudders slightly as if he can feel, as keenly as a light touch, Sherlock’s gaze traveling over his flesh. That's yet another mystery of the man that Sherlock has yet to puzzle out. Pity, he isn't allowed to loiter and observe John and his rituals more frequently.
and it is alarming. He can feel John in every molecule, below the surface of his skin, twined to bones, infused in atoms that have surrendered parts of themselves in exchange for parts of John.
“No!” Sherlock lunges forward, roughly forcing John back to the mattress and curling around him bodily. His mouth moves to below John's ear to lathe his tongue along the taut muscles of his neck. His hands are not steady enough to deal with the buttons on John’s shirt.
God, he wants him like cigarettes and cocaine and morphine all rolled into one. It is enough to drive him mad.
,” he murmurs in Sherlock's direction. The detective just stares back, mouth moving wordlessly. John shakes his head. “Shit. Guess I did.” He sighs and scrubs a hand across his face. “But I'm here
“In a manner of speaking,” he says, still typing. “Took me less than a minute to guess yours.” He glances up at me for the first time. “Not exactly Fort Knox.”
He can only hope that if Sherlock ever decides to share all of himself with another, that John will be worthy of consideration.
"What's it like," she asks. It is not exactly pointed. The tone light and her expression is only open and curious. Yet, I can't help but jerk back a little, reminded of Sherlock wrapped around me on the couch and asking the same question. My mind inevitably tumbles through what it
“Oh, god,” John cries and the ecstasy in his voice is so exquisite that Sherlock feels his whole body tighten. John growls low and deep, he pulls back and his fingers nearly meet bone as they sink into Sherlock’s hips. He abandons all restraint; pounding into Sherlock with such relentless power; hard and fast just like Sherlock always fantasized he would. He cannot speak but he doesn't need to because John is giving and giving and giving with such reckless, savage abandon that Sherlock's mind cannot even begin to process the catcaphony of sensations. Instincts have taken over. He is aflame with the blinding pleasure and desire of it. His body, made for John, eagerly accepts and greedily craves still more. Their noises of pleasure are a symphony of music incomparable in beauty to anything Sherlock has ever heard or imagined.
” Irene smiles devilishly as she slides in beside Sherlock. “And don't you try to distract me with your asinine insults. I know you've been at it. Look at you. You're practically
“Out late last night, I see. With a client. It's got you running bit slow today.” He makes his voice as bored and dismissive as possible, returning his gaze to the organic chemistry book lain out on the table before him.
, so he just tries to live in the moment, accepting everything that comes with as much humour and grace as possible.
The silence stretches so long that Sherlock reluctantly opens his eyes. He finds John, apparently frozen, his eyes resting on the prominent bulge at his groin, and with his face contorted in what appears to he a mixture of confusion and shock.
This leaves me to explain to Dimmock how we’d found a kind of a warning for Van Coon at the bank. I could hope Sherlock took that moment to calm himself, but instead I only get to say two sentences before he jumps back in with the viperous assertion that Van Coon had fired at his attacker and the shot had gone through the window. He proclaims that ballistics will prove that the bullet in Van Coon’s brain was not from
“Data, John,” Sherlock says straightening and, nimbly moving from the floor to settle into the chair in front of the desk, where he fastens his eyes to the laptop. “It could prove crucial at some future point.”
“Listen, um,” I say softly, running my eyes over his expensive suit. “If you’d be able to lend me some…”
The secretary, almost hidden behind the imposing desk in front of us, is gazing up at me with interest. She's apparently been momentarily distracted from the task she’d been occupied with since we'd arrived of typing rapidly and listening to whomever is on the other end of the phone.
That he dresses like the former, always seemed like a clever disguise. However, that he wears that disguise, even in the privacy of their flat with only Sherlock to observe the truth, is an
She looks just a little too much like Mary and that turns his stomach. There is one with curly brown hair, but he can’t even look at her without an uncomfortable squeezing in his chest. He smiles warmly at the one with long, straight, black hair.
“Shit! More pressure. Here. No, here! Clamp that,” Watson barks. It is five hours into the tedious and delicate surgery and McDonnell has taken a sudden turn for the worse. Watson's hands move rapidly, stitching and clamping faster than should be possible, especially in his state of extreme exhaustion, but crimson red gushes anew over his fingers. The arteries are tearing like they are made of rice paper and there is nothing left to stitch together. All around, the doctors and nurses are rushing to help, the monitors are screaming, instruments clack and orders are barked.
The smell of him is filling Sherlock's nose; the familiar now made sharp with the scent of sex. He has never smelled
“Why didn’t you say something? I mean… people would understand you better... Wouldn't be so harsh.” Sherlock's laugh is acrid. He glares up at him from over his knees.
He often considered John's wardrobe choices, though ridiculous, quite shrewd. John is not the cuddly-jumper-clad-teddy-bear
"The blog reinforces your progress and I really believe it will be vital for keeping perspective as you make this transition. Opening yourself up and connecting to another person - that's a big step for you.”
The scenes are out of sequence to the way they happened in their lives. It is a map, a trail that Sherlock is to follow in sequential order, a mystery to unravel.
Sherlock blinks and sniffs, a grimace pulling his face. “Drove away, category. She was extremely good at her job, as you can see.” Sherlock waves a hand dramatically up and down indicating himself. “It’s her fault I am alive at all. She was an agent of the British Government, embedded to protected me. She did so for years, quietly and efficiently, before I worked out who she really was. So slow to do that too. I exposed her when I made her help me escape Moriarty's final plan. She broke cover to help me. She protected me and tried to do so again against
“Let them do their work, Sherlock,” he says as sternly as he can manage. He feels very weak and his thoughts are thin and unclear. Sherlock's cold and trembling hand closes over his own; holding it tighter to his cheek.
Sherlock looks hesitant for only a moment before carefully climbing on top of John and lowering his body.
“Yes. Go talk to her.” Sherlock waves his hand dismissively. He’s made it to the lift and he swipes a card against the security pad and presses the button. I narrow my eyes on the security badge suspiciously - we hadn’t been given a card.
” Sherlock turns towards Mycroft with a slight smirk and a challenging lift of the eyebrows. It is meant to irritate his already irate brother. Sherlock truly cannot feel any remorse over Henry Nahyt who will go on to become a husband and a father, then a grandfather. Of course the shifts are felt, a buzzing, like a thousand little bees dancing over the surface of the the skin, but the sensation is now invigorating, intoxicating, because it is irrevocably linked to a small twist of victory on Captain Watson’s lips and a peacefulness in the fathomless depths of his eyes.
John freezes with his hand hovering over the knob. Stunned, he blinks a few times and cocks his head to the side, certain he must be imagining things.
It is a crude, heavy-handed manipulation to blatantly evoke John's military background like that, but Sherlock is beyond the point of finesse. He knows that, as a soldier, John is always moved to serve the greater good and therefore responds reflexively to any order given with enough urgent insistence; no matter how distasteful or unpleasant he finds it.
“Yes’ well…” Sherlock mutters. He pushes his drenched curls back out of his eyes, huffing when they flop right back down again. His gaze sweeps over John, seeking some scathing observation to throw back at him.
Sherlock huffs at this, certain that Mycroft cannot see his own hypocrisy in espousing unemotionality when he has revealed himself to be far too emotionally entangled in matters concerning Sherlock.
“Mrs. Hudson, I drove away; off to live in the countryside with her sister." He is now speaking in his customary rapid fire way. Yet, it is the wild, manic look in his eyes that makes Hopkins even more uneasy with this familiar idiosyncrasy. "Mary? I killed her. That was my doing; all of it. Drove John away, right to her. Delivered him to the wolves. She was under Moriarty’s employ, then
“Alright?” The room appears empty, besides Sherlock and the man on the bed who, I suspect, is unconscious or dead - but I don't take it for granted. Always best to verify.
"Right," I say, careful to have absolutely no inflection in my voice as I shift my gaze back to him. "And what's the point you're trying to make now?" I fix my jaw and tilt my head to the side. If we are really going to go toe-to-toe over Sherlock again, I'm ready for it.
Victor has done to me. I deserve a whole lot more too. You have my confession. So let’s just get this over with. Send me to prison. I should have been sent there two years ago. We’ve only been delaying the inevitable.” He puts his purple and yellow splotched wrists together and shoves them forward across the table to be cuffed. His eyes are gleaming, fierce and bright. His bruised and swelled features give him the haunting look of a vicious animal, cornered.
In 12 minutes and 39 seconds John is completely asleep. Sherlock listens to his breathing, slow and steady beside his ear, and wonders how it is possible that someone can be both the cause and the cure for the most severe pain in your life.
is all the confirmation I need to know that she's not who she's pretending to be. It's like glimpsing the
Sherlock shudders and turns up his coat collar in an effort to shield himself from the unpleasant sensations emanating from the people around him and buzzing in the air.
He straightens his spine, slides into his coat and scarf and faces the day with the solemn determination of a soldier marching into battle.
From beside him I can see him roll his eyes. He waves a hand dismissively as he reaches for the building door and pushes it open.
“Nurse,” Watson shouts and two nurses rush to his side. One helps to restrain the wounded young man and the other assists Captain Watson in slipping a mask on him so that they can get him back under sedation. The Private continues to struggle, mindlessly fighting those trying to help him, a drowning person panicking and defeating efforts at rescue.
It's quiet for a long moment after John's outburst. There's only the sound of the pavement under the tyres and John's own heart in his ears. The momentary flare of anger has burnt out leaving him hollow and defeated. He scrubs a hand over his face. He feels the exhaustion of this evening settling into his bones.
makes it that much more absurd. As if Sherlock can't even warrant the same treatment as one of John’s one-night stands.
"Ignore it. It's nobody." Sherlock says, voice forced into something near a normal tone but he still is shifting uneasily, like he's trying to determine if he needs to flee.
It had felt slightly awkward to wake up draped over Sherlock some hours later, having somehow drifted off to sleep, but as Sherlock roused too and they both went about their normal activities, washing and heading to bed, John had left all those nagging concerns about the whole experience packed away and resolved not to think too much about it.
Sherlock’s brow wrinkles in confusion, then doubt sweeps through his eyes before the mask of intense heat returns.
Henry's smirk is lopsided and his eyes are sad but determined. “Never.” He shakes his head back and forth. “But if I don't tell her - if I never take that chance - I won't be able to rest in peace no matter what comes in the great hereafter.”
Yet, it seems too late to turn back now. I narrow my eyes on the side of his face and wait two beats... three... then my irritation tips over into anger.
The figure lifts an eyebrow, appearing surprised by the request. “Irrelevant. Should you survive, it is unlikely that you will remember any specifics of this encounter.” The figure begins to push Henry back to lying within his body but Henry resists, gripping its wrist tighter.
"No, I-" Sherlock stops with a huff. He feels just enough better that he very likely would try to push through and solve the case if John would leave him.  "Maybe," he admits, sliding underneath the covers and stretching out. "But I hardly need someone watching over me like I'm a rambunctious toddler," he mutters with some bitterness.
John watched for what felt like an endless moment. He was frozen; his mind unable to process the surreal sight that so sharply contrasted anything he had ever seen from Sherlock or ever anticipated from this moment. He couldn't breathe to speak.
John fumbles across the room, headed for the door. Sherlock has now managed to sit up but can't say anything. He can only watch in stunned horror as John comes to his senses and rejects all that happened between them.
He gets up, pulls on his coat and leaves that dark, empty flat. If he has to be miserable at least he can have company.
“I’ll figure it out.” Sherlock narrows his gaze and lets his eyes snap over John, assessing him for weaknesses as he attempts to calculate a sequence of moves that will most likely result in John submitting to his demands and quenching his unbearable need. “I always do.”
As John trudges away from the crime scene, Sargent Donovan’s words still cling to him like a dark storm cloud. Without preamble (and a bit as if she'd known exactly what he’d been working towards the entire evening) Donovon had shouted at John that he is
His job is manipulating people - deceiving them. I am just a colleague, and a bit of entertainment - some live prey to bat around
suggestion. Some grumbling was expected, for the show of it, out of pride or stubbornness, but this level of petulance and venom was not the standard. It was fairly obvious that he needed the calming effect that
He can’t recall the last time he ate and he considers, for a few seconds, pulling himself out of bed to seek some scrat to solve the only one of those two ailments that he can hope to solve at the moment, but he can’t be arsed to move now that he's settled. All that fatigue has caught up with him.
“Shit,” he mutters with his eyes wide and his voice sounding truly pained. Then he appears to melt; his eyelids slide closed,  his head sinks forward and his forehead comes to rest against John's shoulder.
He's not exactly sure how coherent Sherlock is at the moment but he seems to be having trouble reading the situation. This sort of confusing behaviour isn't helping John, who really doesn't want to bodge this up
This time, Sherlock is certain he moves towards John; is gravitationally pulled, actually, needing more of John.
but it will go slower without Sherlock's insights, which means additional public uproar and an additional body count. After a few seconds Lestrade sighs, deflating a bit.
"The cheque in your left breast pocket says otherwise." Mycroft’s face is like ice once more; hard, cold, impenetrable.
A sensation of warmth unfurls in Sherlock’s chest. He sighs and relaxes into his body's positive response a moment before allowing himself to push further. He turns his head into John's neck and inhales his unique scent and lets his mind move slowly towards the idea of a less chaste touch.
He wrestles Sherlock to the sitting room sofa and collapses beside him. Sweat is rolling down his face and he can feel it dripping underneath his shirt. He pulls his coat off and tosses it to the floor.
love... I don’t doubt that you love him too, but you can’t keep going like you have done. Either love him right or let him go, sweetie.” Sherlock looks down at her hands gripping his lapels in that way that is somehow like the stern affection of an older sister and his chest hurts at the thought. They probably could have been friends if he hadn’t been so cold towards her in his effort to kill his own feelings for John. He looks into her eyes.
Please heed the tags. This is a Sherlock broken and abused. If dubious con, domestic abuse, drug abuse or suicidal thoughts are a trigger for you then maybe you should skip this chapter. There are better times to come.
It pulls at every particle of him now, like they've their own interconnected gravity, as he stares down into Sherlock's eyes. A sun he wants to plunge into and burn up. Sherlock meets his gaze and his irises shift, like a kaleidoscope, turning from light blue, to darker blue, then to green as the pupil expands ever larger. They blow wide, consuming the colour, like a blackhole swallowing matter.
Mycroft, new to such operations himself, failed to monitor his agent closely. He placed too much faith in the man, failing to verify his reports. Victor was a new agent, cocky and head strong, and Sherlock was his first assignment. He took it upon himself to go outside the parameters of the mission and insinuate himself into Sherlock's very limited trust; becoming his friend.
John lifts his eyes from his book. He is sitting across the room on the couch; the first time he has done so in weeks. It is mid-morning and Sherlock has been at the desk in front of his laptop since before dawn.
The soldier on the gurney is a boy, really, maybe nineteen, with no threat of stubble on his smooth, desert-sun freckled face. He reaches out his dirt and blood encrusted hand towards the figure as they pass and it lifts its thin, white hand in reply. Fingertips nearly touch but, before their hands can meet, Captain Watson steps forward and firmly grasps the soldier's outstretched hand in his own.
The only positive thing that has come of the whole mess is that now John has a clearer understanding of how Sherlock views their romantic encounter - how much he values it. Buried within that rejection of John's apology, was the fact that Sherlock wants to hold onto the memory of that experience - so much so, that he was furious when he thought John wanted to erase it. That's
Death is apparently contagious and the body above (the body that was once warm and tender John) has apparently infected him with it. It is creeping slowly through him, shutting down his system. He can’t see straight and his vision becomes consumed by black spot. It moves down, like a pitch black, oozing liquid, to his lungs and they sputter towards failure. He can't catch his breath as the blackness coats them, like thick tar. The darkness concentrates at the center of his chest and he understands now. He is a dying star and his death can only be a black hole, a singularity, pulling everything into its dark center where nothing can escape and everything will cease to exist. His entire body hurts with the intense pain of slowly being sucked into a tight ball of all-consuming nothingness.
want that. Not with anyone... but John. And since he obviously cannot have it with John, he will just have to learn to function without it once more. It should be easy since he is unlikely to see John again and no one else appeals to him.
Gravity has shifted. His mass has increased. He can’t move. Things are closing in. The walls of 221B have collapsed. He needs to get out. He wants to escape but he can't. He is trapped and he is going to suffocate before the darkness tears him apart. Perhaps John is not dead yet, maybe he is
the ability to press lips to him, but his brain is not fooled. His fingers don’t feel like John’s lips would, they can’t; they aren’t moist and they don’t yield. They can’t smile or whisper or pucker. That familiar agony swells in Sherlock's chest.
” John drags out the word and cocks his head to the side in that soft but chiding way that makes Sherlock feel weak and sick at the same time, like that first plunge on a rollercoaster.
you call it?... only you invested in us.. nice to be seen as worth something.” Raz tosses his can in his bag, then pulls a note out of his pocket and hands it to Sherlock. He shoulders his bag.
“Billy,” the figure says softly, shock still lingering on its face as it turns away from Captain Watson. Billy turns towards the light and it surges to drown out the operating theatre. Its brilliance bleaches the detail from the room like an overexposed photograph. The clock on the wall stands still as, in the space between heartbeats, there is only the brilliant, warm glow, vibrating through Billy and pulling him in.
Sherlock's stomach twists and clenches in pain. As if struck from an invisible first, Sherlock crumples forward, arms clutched around himself
Sherlock leans against the sink, nauseated and dizzy. After a moment of low-key panicking, he takes a deep breath and re-focuses on getting dressed. He mentally tries to prepare himself for John's reaction as he pulls his clothing on. However, after running through several scenarios, by the time he is dressed he has almost convinced himself that John saw that he was OK enough to shower and so already left - back to his own room.
"Alright.” John says, a bit distracted by the gorgeous sight of Sherlock moving fluidly through the room in his low slung pajama trousers and that purple shirt that fits like a second skin. He clears his throat and tries to focus on his concern that Sherlock is injured and might overdo it. "But you're injured right now. Besides having fractured ribs-"
He shakes his head, trying to dislodge the thought. It is irrelevant, really. He is beyond caring whether this is reality or not. On the other side of that door is everything he has ever wanted, wished for, fantasied about. If he
Panic flooded his system and every nerve in his body was ready to fight tooth and nail to get him back and protect him. Instincts took hold and he was on his feet, fists ready, before his eyes even cleared enough to see what might be there to strike out against.
. In this case his fixation on the barriers to physical intimacy had obviously failed to take into account the
“Didn’t seem necessary.” I shrug, pulling on my ear as I continue to gaze out the window. “Would have muddied the waters... and... I happen to think you’re right.” I look over at Sherlock and find him staring back at me with one eyebrow cocked in intrigue. “Reason I shoot with my right is I’m professionally trained to use the gun in the optimal manner in which it was designed to be used; Van Coon just had it for defense, more than likely never shot it before - he’d have grabbed it with whatever hand he favoured. Gun was also on his left - where it fell when he dropped it. Besides, bullet wound was too small to be suicide.”
All the way back to the flat I mentally kick myself for letting an opportunity drop like that. I try to come up with a good excuse for it, but I can't. I consider turning around and going back no less than three times.
"Oh, yeah… I think you found it," John chuckles softly as he looks back down at the case, replete with all things pink. Sherlock closes his eyes and the room sways a bit. His numb cheeks are starting to flood with heat that stings as his flesh reawakens from the cold. Everything hurts.
but a gunshot wound nevertheless.” Sherlock’s tone is imperious but he shifts a little to hold John tighter. They stay intertwined together for long moments until John feels the darkness creeping over his vision; the coldness slowly taking him over. He is frozen to the ground and can't move or breathe well. The need to drift off to sleep feels irresistible.
Sherlock tosses back the covers and does a cursory evaluation of the state of his body. He is wearing a full suit that is, at first appearances, intact. He exhales, sagging in relief.
statement and the assuming John was hitting on him the first evening. Then there was Sherlock’s responsiveness to Irene, Irene who had stated that Sherlock
“Weighted blanket. Therapeutic device. Counteracts the need for sensory input. The pressure provides proprioceptive input to the brain. Releases the hormone serotonin. Calming chemical.” John lets out a long breath and stays still a moment; considering.
“I’m…?” I search his face. His expression is hard now, closed off, but at the corners of his eyes I see a tinge of fear. It felt like he was going to say it - finally put a voice to that something growing between us in spite of his best efforts to snuff it out. It felt like he was going to say that I’m
Sherlock returns his gaze to John, scrutinizing him. He wonders why he canceled his date and yet does not appear to have the usual tension for such an outcome. He notes the softened lines around John’s eyes and forehead that indicate a
My gaze drops and I remember the scimitar that Sherlock had tried to hide beneath his chair. I realise who his attacker must have been.
John lets out a slow breath, a familiar sound of resignation and defeat. Sherlock can picture his face, drawn tight and dark with disappointment and frustration.
McDonnell looks down at himself. He holds up his translucent hand and studies it. His eyes are fixed in fascination on the shimmery semi-transparent appendage as he turns it over.
For a few long moments Sherlock blinks up at her, unable to comprehend. He'd known Victor wouldn't press charges on him; not out of care for Sherlock but to protect his own actions from exposure. If he’d pressed charges, Sherlock's abuse at his hands would inevitably come out. Worse yet to Victor's mind would be publicly admitting that Sherlock had got the better of him in a physical fight. Victor prides himself on being the strong, powerful and in control one; not the victim but the victimizer. His ego couldn't bear the humiliation of admitting to being beat up by his boyfriend.
John smiles warmly and winks, thinking that that might just be a compliment. Perhaps he hasn't completely failed at charming Sherlock after all.
It's an overwhelming flood of pleasurable sensations; the give of meat and unyielding strength of bone, the smoothness of skin and coarseness of hair, the strength of muscles as they ripple and flex, the warmth of hands pushing and pulling and grabbing at Sherlock; fearless, determined and clearly skilled.
is going to continue. It was Kellie's idea to move on to a bar that is just a couple blocks away in the hopes that there might be some more 'action.’ It is actually closer to John’s flat and will be
John swipes his tongue over his suddenly dry lips. He's not altogether sure that they're talking about Irene anymore. Sherlock is far too close and all John can do is imagine (with startling clarity) reaching up, curling his fingers around the base of his skull and pulling him down to soften that obstinate mouth with a kiss. It takes everything within him to resist the urge. He runs his eyes over the miles of unexplored flesh of Sherlock's throat and wants to kiss that too. Every inch of it. His eyes slide back to meet Sherlock's and he knows that there's heat in them.
He stops at the table. As he stands with his back to John, he picks up and flips his phone over in one hand with a toss. The other hand holds his sheet at his chest and he lets his grip on it loosen just enough for a shoulder blade to show. A peek of stark white nestled between the jet black of his hair and the dark purple of sheet.
"Have you been out in the rain this whole time with broken ribs and a concussion?" John's smile has fallen, replaced with grim concern. It's only when he feels a warm, hand curl around his elbow through the chilled shirt that he shudders and swallows hard. A fine tremor begins pulsing through his body.
Intertwined with John as he finds himself, there is no way to run nor hide, and no possibility of ignoring the emotional assault. Sherlock wants to scream with the agony of it all; how John's pain reflects and amplifies his own internal havoc.  Having John’s emotion on top of his own feelings (that he is trying desperately to beat down) is too much to bare. He feels powerless and, given the horrific events of the day, he cannot take any more of being incompetent, useless, failing. The potent mix of guilt and despair makes each breath a desperate struggle against a growing weight in his sternum.
“To the point then, it has come to my attention that there have been an unacceptable number of losses in your domain.” Mycroft's finger trails across the page of his little book. “There is the matter of Henry Nahyt.”
now, then." There's a lilt at the end of the sentence. Her eyes that have a pointed question in them that gives me the feeling that she is talking less of the
He hasn't been here in years. The steel beneath his fingers is cool and he leans against it a moment, considering what he might find, before he at last cautiously pushes open the lab door. He startles, taking a small step back, when the door reveals Stamford leaning against the same side of the worktop he was standing at for the majority of that first meeting with John. He turns and grins broadly as Sherlock glances around and moves inside the room.
Don't be dull, John. I don’t have the time nor the patience for your imbecilic, guilt-ridden, sexual identity crisis. Obviously, it was
He lets his eyes slide over to where John had stood that first day. He remembers the thrill that sparked in the base of his spine and lit up his brain like a firework.
He turns towards the door and starts to drift. He feels the pull of her; her sadness like a black string tugging at him.
in every sense of the word, that caused him previously unfathomable pain. John had to wake up and face everything or lose Sherlock for real.
“I suppose that's all that matters,” Lestrade says rising to his feet. Sherlock nods, stunned by how the truth of that statement resonates through him and leaves him feeling strangely settled in his skin.
Watson sits straight up, hands scrambling at nothing, confusion swirling in his brain and fear pounding in his chest. His body is damp with sweat and he has the oddly terrifing impression that it was his body landing on the bed, as if dropped from a great height, that awoke him.
"Oh, you mean you don't already have her notes?" I return, a cutting smile etched into the hard lines of my face as I stare him down.
“Then I guess this isn’t for you.” He puts the letter back in his pocket and shifts on the balls of his feet. “I guess this is as far as you come.” Andy turns to walk away. Sherlock feels like he has been punched in the chest, he can hardly breathe and everything hurts when he tries like he has a cracked rib.
Sherlock blinks his eyes open and expels a harsh breath. John manages to surprise him even in his own head; ripping him wide open with that term of endearment that he uses so liberally with women but
John lifts his gaze to Sherlock’s neck and then drags it back to his eyes. His blunt tongue does a sweep of his lips and he clears his throat, lifting one eyebrow.
When they'd played Cluedo, John had followed those words by lunging at him and wrestling with him to try to get the game pieces back. The whole thing had ended with most the pieces in the fireplace and the game board pinned to the wall with a knife, but Sherlock had been treated to John's hands and body scrambling over him.
“Billy.” He lifts his gaze. The ephemeral figure has its head tilted slightly to the side and its brow furrowed in confusion.
Sherlock Holmes. The best possible man you could be for John - shit, for all of us. You saved London, incase you forgot! John knows that too. Whatever you think he’s thinkin’ you’re probably wrong. He knows what you did for him. He knows you did what you had to do and, just like me, he’d do it all again.”
“Someone did,” DI Hopkins says softly. "Someone protected you today, and now you're protecting them."
Watson is masochism at its finest. Yet, in the end the fact remains that the body wants what it wants.
“Right here.” John manages to extricate his hand by rolling onto his side. He does a little sideways shimmy until his back is against the wall, making himself as small as possible. Then he pats the empty space he's made, inviting Sherlock to claim it.
Sherlock blinks in belated shock. He stands there; winded, stunned. Then, he steps forward and slowly spreads his palms over the closed door, tilts his head to the side, and cautiously presses his ear against it; listening.
“Not going anywhere,” John reassures as if he heard the unspoken plea. “Right. Follow my breaths. I've got you. Breathe like me.” John takes deliberately deep breaths, in through the nose and out through the mouth. The warm air from his lungs fans across Sherlock’s face and he lets his eyes slide closed as he mimics John's calming respiration.
Everyone exhales and, quickly and methodically, goes about their task of caring for the wounded - as if they hadn't just stared their own mortality in the face.
I expect him to continue - to tell me whatever it is that he finds important enough to break in on me at this ungodly hour, but after a few moments of silence, I look up again and find Sherlock is staring at the bed with a distant expression.
“Might have something to do with the fact that she thinks you’re a rude and arrogant sod,” offers John.
"Yeah, of course," she replies brightly, apparently amused that I'd want one. Ms. Foster has made her way up to the desk and the receptionist rises to accompany the patient back to the examination room.
In his peripheral vision Sherlock sees Andy lift a note out of his pocket, and he hesitantly raises his head to look into Andy’s face. The young man's hazel eyes are full of sadness and his lips are pulled down in an almost hurt frown.
This is the only thought in Sherlock's head as he glares at John who is standing stiffly in the center of their sitting room with an expression on his face not unlike a startled animal.
There is nothing stealthy about the small unit, carrying four wounded soldiers on gurneys between them. As they snake their way forward through the flaming wreckage on the outskirts of the small town, they are attracting quite a lot of unwanted attention. They break into a clearing and the gunfire intensifies, striking too close for Captain Watson's comfort.
Sherlock thrashes, but John has him in an impressively secure hold now. His full weight is on Sherlock’s waist and his grip is tight on Sherlock’s wrists, pushed far up his back, nearly to the dip between his shoulder blades. He will most definitely cause himself injury if he makes John push it any further.
There's a moment where everyone is frozen and staring at Sherlock in stunned silence. Donovan stiffens as Anderson turns to her, his weaselly face caught between shock and fear. Donovan’s emotions settle into a dark fury.
“Nonsense!” She scolds, swatting him gently on the shoulder. “Who else is going to look after you?” Sherlock’s eyes automatically flick to the door of 221B in response to her inquiry. When they meet hers again, she is smiling knowingly.
than it has ever been in those casual or doctorly touches. Sherlock chokes on a sound that tries to escape his throat.
The restaurant is the kind of dimly lit and posh trendy setting where politicians, movie stars and white collar criminals rub elbows over five star cuisine and thirty year old bottles of scotch. I’m not at all surprised to find a slimy character like Sebastian completely at ease here.
Something is emerging from the darkest depths of his being. Deeper and more foundational than his bones, even than the very marrow inside them. It is so elemental it is bound within the substance of him. Down further than atoms or molecules or superstrings or the (yet undiscovered and unfathomable) material that composes the very fabric of everything. There, in his very essence, is John Watson, pulling at him.
a kiss. Technically it was more like mouth-to-mouth pulmonary resuscitation… but there were all the same base elements and, from that, Sherlock can extrapolate that kissing John will most likely be soft, warm, and cause a state of tachycardia that will require a repeat performance of John's resuscitation techniques.
Accustom to the familiar ebb and flow of their life together this new behaviour, quite frankly, sets John on edge. He is waiting for something to happen at any moment. He tries to ignore it, being especially patient and tolerant as a sort of counterbalance to the anxiety he sees mounting in his companion, but in moments like this his natural danger sensor switches online and the hairs stand up on the back of his neck. He feels himself vibrating with a similar barely-reined-in energy.
Each time their eyes move away and their words fail to be anything more than the usual mundane drivel, he feels a slightly harsher bite of disappointment edge out the relief. By the time the afternoon has trudged around, Sherlock is barely tolerating this new existence.
Sherlock is awash with disgust; for humanity and its idiotic and pointless cruelty. And for himself; for his failure to save the child, and for bringing John into this life - a life of living nightmares that only further scars this good, honorable man's already battered soul.
After a moment, Irene puts an arm around Mary's shoulders and tucks Mary intro her own side. She looks back at Sherlock over Mary's shoulder. She grins then flashes him the number two and mouths
He half expects either John or Moriarty to step out of the shadows when he enters. He has no gun nor USB drive this time, not that either had done him much good. He looks up and around for the snipers, feeling exposed. He still can’t halt the split second of panic when a thin figure with curly hair steps out of the same alcove John had been in.
He rolls over onto his back and looks down at John kneeling at the end of his bed. His hands are resting on the top of his thighs and the bulge in his dark blue boxers is still straining against the fabric, practically screaming for Sherlock to touch it, engulf it.
that ease the way of your work, but be mindful not to let sympathy become sentiment. Does it not make more sense that one happens to look in the direction where you coincidentally are standing?” Mycroft makes a dismissive gesture of his hand.
“I don’t - I don’t remember any of this.” John gestures at the photo in his other hand and then the clippings. “It can’t - I don’t think-”
dear?” She’s smiling at me but there is a razor sharp keenness in it that I’ve not seen in her before. It's a bit of a terrifying revelation. I’d suspected there was more to her than
I hadn't really set out to make this a chapter story but the Kudos and Bookmarks encouraged me to give more!
Having a process to move through when faced with such a horrific task provides some comfort for him. He automatically switches into his
Sherlock stiffens a little, fingers delicately tracing the spine of a particularly old volume. The warm brown leather, worn down and textured with age, brings to mind sun baked skin.
The room is too hot. The smooth sheet is too heavy and clingy. Where Sherlock's hand is holding it against his sternum, he can feel his heart thudding against the inside of his chest; trying to escape. Sherlock's other hand is gripping his own thigh and his thumb is stroking back and forth in mirror of John's.
else. It is incomprehensible to imagine being that intimate with another - appalling at its core. No, he does
The figure steps closer, listening to the Captain's rapid-fire thoughts; observations, diagnoses, reasoning, and problem-solving swirling in an intriguing whirlwind. It pulls back when the Captain’s dark blue eyes, hardened by embattled grief and determination, flick up and sweep over it. Something about those eyes are knowing…
Sherlock is looking adorably disheveled standing there with a fancy shirt and suit jacket over pajamas bottoms and John thinks if he has to stare at him in the getup for much longer he might just give in to the urge to wrap a hand around the back of his neck and pull him in for a kiss.
then.” Sherlock’s spine straightened and his head tilted. Then the deductions poured out rapidly and concisely as Sherlock unraveled all the twists and turns of The Game Master’s plan. John’s heart throbbed in his chest. Wonder and pride swelled at the brilliance and tenacity of the marvel of a man.
“No, of course I do, Sherlock.” John's face has shifted into such a deep and profound sadness that it feels like a physical pain in Sherlock’s chest to witness it. “Christ, I never stopped believing in you. That's why it hurt so much when-” John breaks off and looks away, swallowing that ember of old pain. He takes a deep breath.
“No, Sherlock.” His voice is quiet and hard as steel. Sherlock’s eyes slide closed. His jaw is tense and his fists are clenched at his side but he leans into John slightly as if he can’t help himself. He looks so tired and worn thin. This close John can see the faded yellow of older bruises along his cheekbones and in the shape of hands around his neck. John quivers with renewed rage.
Ignoring John, he pulls his mobile out of his pocket and punches at it, his lips drawn into a thin line and his gaze livid.
Beside the bed, a boy of 19 stands, looking down at the eviscerated mirror of himself. His red hair is no longer matted with dirt and blood. His fair, sun-freckled skin is unmarred by the shrapnel that tore through it. He wears crisp, new army fatigues with McDonnell embroidered over the breast. The nurses and doctors pass through him as they scurry around the room in a frenzy of activity. The noise and bustle of the world is muted to him.
I'm surprised when Sherlock begins with something of a compliment; observing that Sebastian is doing well and deducing he has been around the world twice in one month. I consider for a moment what could have given such information away, but can't come up with anything.
“You missed someone. You forgot...” She consults the heavily redacted file in front of her, “Molly Hooper. Wasn’t that the name she used? She seemed close... What happened to her?”
He is feeling the steady heat grow inside him at that thought when a cold chill shoots through him and his heart starts beating rapidly. A cab has pulled up and Miranda is talking, asking him something else, but on the edge of his hearing there is a sound growing steadily in volume. It is the low, indistinct rumble of Sherlock’s voice engaged in a heated argument.
, like Sherlock; held motionless... but he will be dead soon. He will be consumed too. In the nothingness John and Sherlock and all the bits and pieces of this life together will become concentrated, their atoms intermingling beyond distinction.
It had been a shock when at last Sherlock rolled to his back and his arousal had been clearly on display through the thin fabric of his pajama bottoms. John's brain had ground to a halt as the man had just lain there, exposed before him like an offering; still and silent, stark black eyelashes fluttering over his slightly flushed pale cheeks, lips pressed into a tight line, a slight tremble in his tensed muscles.
"Sherlock," I hiss, done with all this. I tilt my chin up in demand, tensely waiting for an explanation of why he is in my room. There's actually a momentary widening of his eyes as they snap up to me, as if he's startled - then his gaze slides away to the window.
"Damn it, Sherlock," I mutter bitterly. I think of the small smile and the soft look he gave me, even as he tried to hide from me whatever fight he had just endured because of me. It's all so confusing. It shouldn't be possible for a man that seems so harsh and uncaring to make a violin weep and sigh like that. For him to be so cold one moment and so vulnerable and human the next.
At his parents home, staring at that photo of the two young guileless boys he barely recalls, he at last allows himself to touch that deep well of loss in Mycroft’s death. With his parent’s arms wrapped around him, as they hadn’t done since he was a child, he weeps and truly begins to grieve.
As John looks up, their eyes meet for just a second before Sherlock focuses on John’s hands. “May I?” Sherlock’s voice is hesitant; quiet  and a deep rumbling in the space between them, like the logs shifting in the fire. John nods and slowly shifts forward in his chair.
Sebastian doesn't answer, instead he reaches into the breast pocket of his coat and pulls out a cheque. “There’s a hole in our security. Find it and we’ll pay you – five figures. This is an advance. Tell me how he got in, there’s a bigger one on its way,” he says offering the cheque to Sherlock.
It's knowing that men, women, and even children that smile at him one day may try to kill him the next.
The figure tilts its head and narrows its eyes, as if trying to understand. Then its gaze shifts to Captain Watson for a long moment. It nods and moves towards Henry swiftly, a sharp determination in its expression and an urgency to its movements, as if it fears that any hesitancy may provide someone the opportunity to stop it.
John pushes forward until his arm is curled up around Sherlock's chest. The other hand takes hold of Sherlock's hip. He is warm and solid pressing against Sherlock's back as he braces Sherlock's body against his own... and, for a moment, it's like a gloriously gentle embrace. Then John twists and maneuvers Sherlock into a sitting position. He slowly slides away once he has him upright and sitting on the edge of the bed.
It is all a blur as his body rages; smashing, ripping and throwing everything it encounters even as the senselessness of it all is inwardly devastating him. He is blindly and desperately trying to obtain some relief but all the feedback from the world enclosing him just adds to his torment. He is on his knees, wailing and hitting and tearing at himself and anything that dares to come into close enough proximity.
He leaps up and excitedly sheds his gloves into his personal biohazard bin. He clicks off the microscope light, and sails across the room, as the knocking sounds a third time.
“Such fatuous creatures are these humans-” Mycroft's tone reflects his patronizing pity of both mankind and Sherlock.
The gray haired man takes a step back and looks up and down the hall as if he's unsure if he has the right room. Frustration takes over his features. "Shit," he mutters, turning his eyes back on his phone and jabbing at it with no small amount of irritation. "Where the hell is Sherlock?"
“Sherlock!” She whacks him lightly on the arm again in mock indignation and he smiles down at her, a sense of peace slipping over him. “Speaking of…”  She turns, fluttering into her flat and returning; clutching her purse and pulling her coat on. “I haven’t a thing in and neither have you, so I am just going to pop off to the shops for a bit and perhaps later I can bring up some nibbles.” She gives him one more long look, sighs, and slips past him. “It’s good to be home,” she says before closing the door behind herself.
The crack of flesh on flesh seems abnormally loud echoing through the alley. Sherlock’s head snaps to the side with the force of the blow but he turns his head slowly back to look at Victor. John shifts forward, ready to intervene but he hesitates, flexing his hands at his sides. What right does he have if this is just a lovers quarrel?
I pick up a small pile of letters from the table beside my chair for something to do. I'm irritated and confused by his change in strategy. I really wish I could be as good at ignoring him as he obviously is at ignoring me.
Seven hours and twenty-two minutes later John at last trudges in the door of the flat, bags in hand and trying to shrug off his coat. He freezes in shock. Then he lets out a slow, steadying breath. There is a sharp shuffle, a familiar sound that Sherlock knows means that John very angry but physically reining in his initial reaction and disciplining himself into calm patience.
"Wouldn't have ended well." He continues distractedly as he begins walking towards the gathered officers. "A jail cell is really not how I wanted to end my evening."
A few minutes later a young looking detective inspector comes sauntering in in place of Lestrade, proclaims himself in charge and says he's DI Dimmock. He refuses to bow to Sherlock's forceful personality and it puts Sherlock back on his heels a bit. Because of that, I don't mind the bloke at all. In fact, I rather take a shining to him for knocking the pompous prick down a peg. He clearly rubs Sherlock up the wrong way, so I take a special dark delight in stepping up to him and introducing myself with my full army credentials.
John grins. His eyes are soft, a little dull, like when he has had too much alcohol. He looks like he has been snogged thoroughly; hair beautifully mussed, lips red and cheeks flushed. His eyes sparkle as he moves down, spreading Sherlock’s legs and kneeling between his thighs. Sherlock tries to close his legs tightly around John to feel his body pressed against the inside of his thighs, but he doesn’t know that sensation either.
” He gives Sherlock a rough shake as if expecting some sign of agreement. “I ask so little in return.
“Christ, Sherlock… you don't really-” John swallows around the tightness in his chest. “What the hell kind of experiences have you had?” He feels a sudden surge of anger towards whomever made his brilliant friend feel this way. He is glad one Irene Adler is no longer within his grasp or he might teach her a thing or two about violence. His stomach churns.
As he sings, the camera pans around to reveal his audience, a stunned room full of detectives of New Scotland Yard gazing up at him in various shades of confusion and astonishment, frozen in their tasks, papers and phones in hands, all turning to look.
Sherlock grasps for the memory desperately. He pulls it out and frantically replays it on an endless loop in his mind and his anxiety gradually abates. His heart slows to beat in rhythm with John’s. Their bodies rise and fall in a slow, rhythmic dance of give and take, as if they are fused into one being. The world retreats and he relaxes into sleep remembering John's soothing words, the sensation of the doctor's lips locked over his own and the calming force of John's air in his lungs.
Watson.”  His voice is rich and silky as he glides towards John. “A sexual connoisseur, if your former army mates can be believed.”
He loses track of time, but when he comes back to himself he is standing in John’s doorway watching him sleep. He looks down at his own naked body; still painfully hard and shaking like an addict in withdrawal.
He can't quite get it sorted. Spikes of sensation ricochet around his brain, humming across his nerves. Half-remembered snatches of memory are all wrapped in the gauzy shroud of sleep so their details can only be glimpsed through fogged glass. He presses the heels of his palms into his eyes and tries to push sensations aside - tries to focus.
He peels off his pajamas bottoms and tosses them away with more vigor than is strictly necessary, silently cursing that amused look on John's face when he'd pointed them out. He grits his teeth as he braces himself with a hand on the bed so that he can slip one leg at a time into his trousers without bending too far.
A darkness slips over Sherlock’s expression as he goes perfectly still. He hadn't really contemplated a move beyond this move. He had assumed once he solicited from John some direction in how to please him physically he would be able to use observation, his deduction skills and the application of a bit of abstract knowledge from his research to make a satisfactory effort at their first act of physical intimacy. However,
“It's fine, Sherlock.” He gives him a nod. He heaves a heavy sigh and winces at the pain that the movement shoots through his chest. He touches his covered wound lightly, then looks up at Sherlock who is staring back at him with concern
As they approach the bed, John tries to help him turn and sit on the edge of it but Sherlock is too eager and relieved to have finally made it to the destination. He dives and tumbles onto the bed instead, taking John with him in the process. Sherlock ends up in a ball on his side with John wrapped around his back - John's arm caught between his waist and leg, pinned by his full weight to the bed.
That is how Sherlock, John and Mycroft found themselves forced to play a demented game of Russian Roulette while The Game Master held London hostage.
” Andy freezes and turns back towards Sherlock. Sherlock straightens himself and steps away from the case. His voice trembles, taking each word like a mountain to scale.
“Yeah, not surprised. No idea what it was she got into you but you were pretty bloody high.” John offers a small smirk as he chuckles and moves to get up.
, pushing him and Mary together with such adamant determination that John could hardly refuse. But, as often happens with drugs, the effect diminishes over time and the consequences of the temporary escape only compounds the initial problem.
“Right. From the top then,” John says and chuckles softly. He looks up at Sherlock from under his brow and has the nerve to actually look embarrassed, eyes crinkling around the edges in a way that is probably meant to be disarming. Sherlock firmly reminds himself that it’s absolutely
He blinks rapidly and takes a deep breath. The air feels thinner; slightly chilled with a sharp tang of - of
“Old habits and all." She sighs and meanders over to the door, still talking. "He's just returned, you know. Place was so empty before and, of course, I couldn't just leave it to the dust." She turns back to look at me, fussing at the button of her dress with her free hand.
friend if someone has come knocking at his door.  Sherlock gives a little shake of his head back and forth as if to deny that someone is really here.
"Right," he finally says, shoulders sagging in resignation. He slowly sinks his fingers into Sherlock's hair again, and this time waits for the little shivers to stop before he moves.
Sherlock clamps his jaw shut, distinctly aware he has somehow made it even worse by suggesting this. John’s body has stiffened. Sherlock can almost hear the wheels in John's brain turning; the heaviness of his thoughts slows his breathing. That anxiety in Sherlock’s stomach twists tighter. John's weight shifts a little and Sherlock instinctively closes his legs around John to try to prevent his retreat.
would be rather wasted on this case,” he agrees with a clear edge of patronising in his tone. Even the way he says
John shifts in his seat, glancing down at his gray cabled jumper. It is one of his better jumpers; understated but fitting well in the shoulders and arms. The color brings out the blue in his eyes.
"If I had to guess what is triggering these nightmares - based on what I know about you, what is happening in your life right now, and what little you'll tell me about the dreams - I'd say that this is a type of…
He honestly hadn't expected John to stay after his inexcusable behaviour but, without a word about the incident, life had resumed with John appearing determined to put the whole confusing (and, ultimately,
Never did 17 stairs seem so impossibly far to traverse. John leans Sherlock up against the wall at the foot of the stairs to gather his strength and form a plan of attack.
In time, he was scanning far ahead of himself; anticipating and planning for any stops or obstacles well before they arrived. Driving was an exercise in hypervigilance which John, growing up with an alcoholic father that had a tendency to be a mean drunk, was well practised at. It wasn’t until a mate borrowed the car for a quick trip to Tesco that it was brought to John’s attention how dangerously skewed his driving experience had become.
He angles his body towards the mirror so he can examine the red, puckered, triangular-shaped marks standing out against the pale white of his skin. The edges are already starting to yellow underneath; promising an ugly bruise. He considers that at least now he will have a comparison for various stages of bruises on
“I could probably do this myself,” John calls, the edge of frustration clear in his voice. He is seated on the edge of the tub, stripped to the waist and impatiently flexing his bare feet against the fuzzy bath mat. He lifts his head and gazes out the open bathroom door to the hall where Sherlock’s rustling movements have ceased. “I
A good tangle is always fun but John hardly has to try to make this bloke's task more difficult. He obviously has more weight on him than the young man. However, it seems as though the tall frame of the other boy is leanly packed with muscle from what John can feel pressed against him.
"Brown belt - yeah, I know," John says holding up his hands with a smile not unlike the last time the topic had come up; intrigued and amused but not at all intimidated. Sherlock bristles at this, for a moment very much wanting to demonstrate just what he's capable of. He narrows his eyes and scowls but John's gaze has already shifted from Sherlock to the commotion made by what appears to be the entirety of New Scotland Yard buzzing around the staircase leading upwards. It's obvious John has never seen anything like it before and is fascinated.
Anticipation and anxiety spark and crackle on every nerve. He wants to rip his stupid, self-sabotaging, weak and wanting transport to pieces with his own bare hands. His body, nothing more than an abettor of base deeds, dragged him into this mess. More of John did not quench the need within, it only ignited it further. Sheer sentiment has overthrown logic, unleashing a ravenous craving that will surely consume him.
“No… Sherlock… That’s just-” John breathes, his words coming out in halting barks. Sherlock looks up at him and his heart aches at the lost look in his eyes, the disbelief appearing to war against something deep down inside him that always suspected
"Bit of confusion and disorientation is common. Should come back to you in less than an hour... Vision blurred?"
“That would be a colossal waste of time and valuable brain space. Besides, I had observed enough to infer that the game, as designed, amounted to random guessing and then having others prove you wrong. It is as if Anderson took his imbecilic efforts to discern crime scenes and forced it upon the unsuspecting populace in the guise of being a crime solving game. My way was much more interesting.”
"Sorry, what did you call him?" John says in a low, hard voice that sends a shiver through Sherlock's frame. It's is mercifully hidden by his coat. Sherlock drags his eyes over and finds John stepping towards Donovan with eyes narrowed, fists balled at his side and his chest a bit puffed out. His jaw is so tight that the tendons stand out in his neck and the quiet fury radiates off of him in waves. In any other moment Sherlock might admit to himself that it's a tiny bit sexy to see John like this (and, indeed, he feels a mortifying sharp throb down low that nearly forces a sound out of him), but right now all he can feel is alarm, confusion and an edge of panic.
He stands there a moment, looking down on John. Curled up on the too small bed with his eyes closed, as if sleeping, he seems less intimidating. Sherlock weighs his options. He
what I do." Sherlock jerks away the moment his shirt is on his shoulders. "I'm a Consulting Detective - the only one in the world. I invented the job." Sherlock is speaking rapidly as he darts around the room, snatching up items and dumping them in a pile on his bed. Then he resumes buttoning up his shirt with quick, nimble fingers. "When the police are out of their depth - which is
“When can I expect an answer, John?” Sherlock persists in a stilted voice even as he sinks back and moves the tray to the floor beside himself.
Sherlock blinks at him, trying to process it all. He instead retreats to familiar ground. “How'd he do it? Put the video everywhere?”
He had been dreaming about measuring the distance between two objects. In that slippery, vague, omniscient way of understanding things when the mind is submerged in the subconscious, it felt vitally important.
“Stop! No! Don't! No, stop!” Hands are pulling him backwards off of Victor and then Sherlock, bruised and bleeding, is filling his vision. “Please, stop. You are going to kill him and I can’t - You
“John Watson... is a very good doctor,” Sherlock says tightly, swallowing around a burning lump lodged within the throat. Mycroft is carefully studying Sherlock as he tips up his teacup and takes a small, slow sip.
“Athletic, above average intelligence, and well-mannered… I suppose you were popular with the girls,” Sherlock drawls in an attempt to squeeze a second line of inquiry in.
; not feeling anything more nor less for John than he wanted to feel and only at such times as it was convenient to do so. Sherlock might love John, but it appeared he would never be
It is not so easy to adjust to this new awareness of himself. He is, at first, possessed with an absurd amount of paranoia. Thinking the truth must be as obvious as it feels, he attempts to avoid people altogether. It becomes increasingly difficult as the day wears on and he is forced into proximity with his peers. He tries to avoid being noticed. Every time someone catches his eye or opens their mouth to speak, he is certain it is to expose him.
“He’s, uh, he’s kidding you, obviously.” I hold out my hand for the cheque. “Shall I look after that for him?”
The effluvium of death; the copper-penny tang of blood and thick stench of charred flesh, mixes with sand and nearly chokes Captain Watson's lungs but he continues to bark orders. "Double time. Across the clearing."
“You will have to dig in, hold on, through the pain, Henry. Whatever you do, don’t leave your body. You will want to give up but you can't. Just remember who waits for you on the other side of this moment, Henry Nahyt.”
Heaven knows how he’d managed to both stop the attack and get the message across to the guard that he would
, Sherlock…” John takes another step forward and leans down over his friend. Sherlock blinks up at him.
“Jooohhnn,” Sherlock finally manages to moan. His voice is thick and his speech slurs terribly, so he sounds drunk. John gives a short laugh.
"Excuse us," John grabs Sherlock by the elbow and practically drags him inside the building before Donovan can launch herself at him.
Why would Mycroft even try such a heavy-handed tactic? Did he really think I'd be willing to push Sherlock into focusing on the Jaria Diamond case? Or was there another reason he wanted a face-to-face meeting with me?
Sherlock sucks in a breath and peels open his eyelids. John's deep, ocean blue eyes, full of quiet concern, stare back at him. His eyebrows have gathered over them like a storm. There's something in them that's unsettling, like that sensation when an otherwise pleasant dream has a jarring incongruency. Something that is nagging Sherlock to wake up.
"Harrow; Oxford. Very bright guy. Worked in Asia for a while, so…" Sebastian is next to me but facing the sinks. I can feel his eyes on the back of my neck through the reflection in the mirror and I cross my arms over my chest to keep from using them to try to knock that permanent grin off his face.
With all the energy he can muster against the massive gravity within his body, he throws John off of himself.
… That… That is amazing. Keep talking, Love.” John grins and stares up into those green-blue eyes, dazed. He presses his lips together in an effort to look patient and blinks slowly, staring expectantly at the lips that spilled all those elegant words with such precise diction and in an amazing rumbly voice. “Come on, then, I could listen to you for hours.” John offers a smile. “Tell me again how you’re going to kill me, I like that bit.”
"Oh. So, she's-” John blinks, trying to contextualize his brief encounter with Irene within everything new Sherlock just revealed. She's a dominatrix. Her innuendos now make much more sense. What would have happened if he hadn't brought Sherlock up to her? How literal was she when she said that Mary was
It was one of a half dozen moments in those first few days when he fully expected John to walk away. He had never cared before but something about John... he really didn't want to bodge it up.
He'd calculated (with a potent mixture of relief and dread) that it would take her less than forty five seconds to come to the correct conclusion. That it took significantly longer and she'd overshot the mark is puzzling. He sweeps his gaze over her, taking in her oversized sunglasses and hair, that is
John cocks his head to the side, narrowing his eyes at the bed, as if it might offer up the answer he feels hovering just outside his mind’s perception. He runs back through what occurred moments earlier.
Sherlock glances over, then quickly diverts his gaze back to his phone. However, he's now hyper-aware of blue eyes watching his every move. His entire chest has gone cold and, though he grips the phone tighter, the shake of his hands is more noticable. He couldn't read a word on his screen if he tried. In the confines of that enclosed space, the weight of John's stare resting on the side of his face feels as intimate as a caress. Questions invade and swirl in a thickening cloud like a swarm of gnats.
It was a fate worse than death to survive to see yourself outlive your purpose. It was a battle he knew he couldn’t possibly win again because it had never been him that won it in the first place. It had been Sherlock. Sherlock had taken his hollowed out husk of body and poured purpose back into it.
John kicks at a loose chunk of pavement grimacing as he considers the fool he’d made of himself the entire evening; drooling over Sherlock in his posh suit, trying to chat him up with all the typical pre-date questions in the cab, then interrupting his brilliant deductions with praise every few minutes.
“Right,” John meets Sherlock’s heated stare with his own. He has tilted slightly to the side to look up at the taller man. Rueful amusement creases the outer corners of his eyes but the rest is hard with quiet determination. “So, about last night…”
for people. It had been a term he reserved for John alone because John, his significance and what they shared, seemed to require an exclusive term that no other person was worthy to share. In reality, whatever John is, ‘friend’ could never cover it. Sherlock has yet to find a word that can. So now, he reluctantly surrenders the term to Lestrade and Hopkins.
“Alright,” John pushes up on his elbows and looks down at himself. Using a corner of his shirt he swipes away some of the blood that has run down his abdomen. “Just need to try to stop the bleeding.... Apply pressure, cover it until we can get it properly cared for,” John directs.
"Sherlock?" Distantly he knows that John is holding onto him. More urgently he is aware that he can't breathe - that his chest feels like it's been kicked in. It's a pain so much worse than any physical injury he's endured. He's making a sound; a pitiful and thin cry.
He lets his eyes slide closed and lets himself feel the body pressing down on him. He lets himself consider how it will feel to have those now limp hands caress him with intention, purpose, desire.
“Been experimenting, have we?” John's voice struggles to hide exasperation beneath good humour; still upholding that deplorable facade of being overly polite to each other. Sherlock thinks he would welcome a little of John's (once typical) irritation or a good bout of anger to shatter the complaisant remoteness that hovers between them. Feigning indifference to the the bad behaviours he once so passionately railed against feels like an effort to enforce detachment, as if they are virtual strangers.
things out of an extraordinary being who constantly defied expectations. John has gone back to just letting things unfold and waiting for Sherlock to reveal things on his own terms.
“John,” Sherlock breathes, his head snapping up at the sound of his voice. His hand tightens on his phone as he freezes a half second. Then he is a flurry of motion as he quickly shoves the chart back in its holder with a thunk, slips his phone in his trouser pocket and makes an aborted move towards him. He abruptly halts, slightly open mouth snapping shut as he instead curls hands around the footboard of the bed.
and doctor and he’d gotten it all twisted. He went and smashed everything to hell without even trying.That was more than a
Like John's touch last night, this seems different than the ways in which John has touched him in the past as flatmate and occasional doctor. Sherlock has no idea how it can feel so drastically different. There is nothing visually to distinguish it from all their companionable touches but it is charged with a certain intimacy and intent that makes everything in Sherlock go still and quiet, waiting. For a long moment, Sherlock can only stare at John's hand and let the heat bleed through the thin silk covering his chest.
“John!” Sherlock tries to kick loose and continue clawing his way up the bed. John is not having it.
He enters and looks around. He is familiar with this place from the days when he did go out regularly. It is a nice alternative to the noise and hustle of the bar scene. It is not so familiar that they'll ask uncomfortable questions but enough so that he can relax. There's a good sized crowd tonight, some light, unobtrusive music and some immediate potential in the form of a group of attractive women at the far end of the bar. He takes a seat at the bar and looks them over.
Sherlock lifts his head and his eyes are so full of soul-crushing sorrow that John is being ripped in two. “Please. I
John put down the paper and tried to draw the pouting man out. He hoped that a reference to the discussion in the alley would relieve some of the tension and give Sherlock a way to express whatever frustration he was holding against the doctor. Sherlock just coldly brushed it off, turning back towards the couch and then, after a moment, curling himself even tighter.
Sherlock continues to fume as he plops down hard in his desk chair. He takes another pair of nitrate gloves from the box and shakes them out, preparing to pull them on and return to his work  He’s trying very hard to go back to ignoring John's existence.
“John-” Sherlock husks, trying to think of something to say when his body is deafening in its scream for
“Not even appalled, then?” Sherlock quirks a thick eyebrow at John. His too plump mouth is pulled straight in a tight line.
“For fuck’s sake, Sherlock.” John grabs Sherlock by the waist and throws him back. There is a brief tussle and then John ends up on top of him, straddling his waist and pinning his hands to the bed at either side of his head. John’s face is intense, his jaw clenched and his eyes stern.
After several long moments of the young man bent to his work, Sherlock clears his throat expectantly. All the others had messages for him, things to say, he expects this to be the same. Raz lifts his head and looks at Sherlock. He scratches at the back of his neck a moment and looks back at his work, then to Sherlock.
but he keeps backing away and this time John can’t help because he hasn’t the faintest idea what he really wants. He dare not assume that this is what it seems to be and risk Sherlock retreating so thoroughly as he had when John had
“Didn’t have to. If he’d had the barrel right up against his temple I’d been able to see the entry and exit from where I was,
Her smile is slow and it doesn't touch her eyes where a predatory interest is gleaming in the unrelenting darkness of their depths.
“You might not want to -” Sherlock lets out an exasperated sigh as John opens the door and is face to face with a decapitated head. He blinks. The head, fortunately, does not blink back. John slowly shuts the door.
“This is only the second time I have told you. The last time…” Sherlock gives in to the need and reaches out, gently curling his hand, with all due caution, around the top of John’s hand that is resting on his thigh. John’s eyes widen and he looks down at their hands then up at Sherlock.
They crash to the floor in a heap, a grunt of air escaping the sheet-clad fellow below him. John hears the door swing wide on its hinges and slam shut somewhere below their feet. They lay there on the wooden floor of the dim room amongst the ill-defined shapes of books piled high, overflowing stacks of papers and objects John can only vaguely guess (within his altered state and the low light) are scientific in nature.
He doesn’t scream, but just barely. Hunched over, hands in hair and face twisted, the sound that escapes through his gritted teeth is a strangled, drawn out, animalistic growl.
. Sherlock is not delusional or given to whimsical fantasy. However, Mycroft has an uncanny ability to make the highly intelligent and powerful being feel small, pitiful and stupid.
“John, I-” There's nothing to say, really. Words have failed him, which is horrifying since words have been his sword and shield for his entire adult life.
John hums softly and nods, his grin never wavering. “Would rather not talk. Would rather listen to that lovely,
… someone here is expecting you about something to do with the security?” I have naturally settled into a military parade rest, clasping my hands at the small of my back. I thrust my lips forward, narrowing my eyes and glancing around. Now that my training has been called upon, I let myself review all the things I'd naturally taken note of out of habit on the way in:
as for John. Never has he been such a bumbling, ineloquent mess. John has made him into this. He absolutely despises him for this.
Sherlock draws himself up to his most dignified stance and, holding the sheet around himself, saunters past John into the kitchen. He is aware John is hardly breathing. His eyes seem to be tracking the flash of his marble white legs against the dark purple of the sheet with each step. The doctor has seen Sherlock's bare legs before. He has also seen him in a sheet before, but the look on his face now tells Sherlock that this is very different.
John sighs and throws the covers off, hauling himself out of bed. He pads over the cold floor, yawning and rubbing at the crick in his neck. Having managed so little sleep, he's in no rush to deal with whatever is on the other side of the door. He reaches for the knob to unlock it.
Eyes closed, he can feel John’s arms around him; the warmth, the gentleness. Sherlock had so wanted to believe him; believe that it was real, that he could trust that and be safe. He had allowed himself, just that one moment, to breathe John in and to pretend he could have that; that John was really there to protect him. But, it doesn't change anything. Sherlock realises that now. It’s all the same. His mind circles back to that moment at the pool when John stepped out of the shadows speaking Moriarty's words. He had been horrified but a part of him had also felt...
Generally when John noted that a man was attractive it was only in that slightly irritated or perhaps envious way that one notes things they wished they had been fortunate enough to be genetically allotted. He supposed it was just some primal sizing up of the competition. John’s thoughts had run squarely along those lines the first time he saw Sherlock.
matter.” He slides his book across the table and shoves it in his satchel as an excuse to turn his back to her. He swallows and fights an odd desire to smile. It's almost a relief to have said it out loud - to have made it real. John Watson kissed him and, no matter how awful the end result, Sherlock finds he can't regret it. In fact, there's a jolt of electricity, a sort of illicit thrill running through him, at having confessed it.
“I’m losing him. Shit… McDonnell? Stay with me, Private.” Billy turns away from the light, towards the table where Captain Watson is urgently working to repair his broken body. The image of the Captain is thrumming through the misty gray of the operating theatre like a light through the fog.
“Don’t be coy John, it’s an insult to my intelligence." His expression turns fierce. He leans forward into my space; ferocious and challenging. "Of course he isn’t interested in
He ponders if there is something sexual about the hide and seek flash and slide of limbs among dark sheets; some memory or fantasy that would account for the flush crawling into John’s cheeks. Sherlock smirks knowing that even if he can't keep him here tonight at least that image will be rattling around his head all evening as he tries to focus on the innate prattle of his chosen companion.  That feels like a small, if slightly bitter, victory.
“Don't worry, sweetie, just fiddlin’ with the taps a bit,” Sherlock sings in a falsely chipper voice. He walks swiftly to the door and then turns to look back. Victor's eyes are wide as saucers and his whole face is contorted with fear. Never the brightest, he has no idea what Sherlock has just done, he just knows it is unlikely to be good. His hand scrambles along the bed, searching for the call button.
