“That’s fine, Sam. I’m still not completely sure if it’s a case, but I think it might be a skinwalker. I could handle it myself, but cases are more fun when you tag along.” Eileen laughed at how Sam immediately started blushing again, and Dean couldn’t stop grinning. Oh god, Sammy had it
Ariel sighed. “A giant storage truck has also went missing. It was a Skittles truck. The truck’s only purpose was the transport massive amounts of the candy from one place to another.” Cas pressed his lips together in thought. That sounded more like Gabriel. “All the events that I’ve come across were most likely overlooked by other angels. They assume he’s dead.” She laughed. “Some of them are definitely
Dean eventually agreed to split up, making sure to give Sam his usual, quick lecture. Sam was a big boy and a great hunter, and he could handle himself nine times out of ten, but it didn’t feel right not to remind him not to be a dumbass. Dean took a right while Sam took a left. He quietly moved through the building, taking turns slowly and cautiously and trying to calm his racing heart. He knew it was mostly because of the mark, but it was also largely because of Cas. If something happened to him, he would never be able to forgive himself…
“Looks like we better start scoping this place out looking for something the spirit could be tied to. We’ve got a lot of ground to cover.” Sam sighed grimly.
leadership. If you weren’t taking up the mantle for them, I knew someone had to be. They’re willing to turn to just about anyone to be their leader if they’re scared enough…” Ariel squirmed a bit. “…including Naomi.”
“I’m not feeling like myself. Could be a curse. Just seems witchy.” Dean said, his voice matter of fact.
“You know, I didn’t expect your wings to be black.” Dean said, appreciating how the oil was making Cas’ wings shine beautifully. Cas stiffened. Dean kept stroking his feathers. “I mean, I know the feathers me and Sam found were black. But I guess I just always thought angels would have white wings.”
Dean licked his lips and nodded. He hoped so too.
“I’m seeing if I can get a ping off of his cellphone.” Sam answered the unasked question. Dean finally ceased his pacing to sit down next to his brother. “Dean… he’s been gone for weeks. I just assumed you had heard from him up until you asked me if
Dean felt like he was crawling out of his skin. He couldn’t believe he was having this conversation. He finished off the bottle with a sad noise of defeat. “Because it…it’s not just about sex, Sam. If that was the case I would go pick someone up or jerk off.” Dean ignored the disgusted face Sam made. “How the fuck are you supposed to… jerk off your feelings when it’s about more than just sex?” He expected Sam to laugh, but Sam just gave him a sad look.
The longer Cas stayed at the bunker, the harder Dean was finding it to push him away. His little game of bitching at Cas whenever he did something wrong had long since gone out the window, and instead was replaced with Dean being…clingy.
Cas sighed. “I’m not
going to school here. He couldn’t really imagine it, but then again, Dean Winchester couldn’t really imagine any life outside of hunting. Part of him was bitter that Sam had managed to, but an even bigger part of him was proud that Sam could look past all the bullshit they had been through and still managed to see a way out.
Dean whipped Baby onto the gravel shoulder of the road he was on, wincing when he heard rocks kick up against her paint. He had never been to Stanford before, but the moment Sam had left, he spent hours poured over a map, etching every possible route there into his mind. Because what if something happened to Sammy, and he needed to get there fast?
“Heya, Sam. You boys at the bunker or on the road?”
Dean looked like he wanted to punch something. His hand went to cover the mark of Cain under the sleeve of his Captain America costume, making it clear that it was burning in anger. He took a deep breath, his eyelashes fluttering as his calmed himself. “So, let’s make the most of your time here then.”
Cas had already started spending more time outside the bunker too. Dean knew it was with Ariel, and Dean tried really fucking hard to be happy for Cas if there was something going on there. Cas must have known that Dean was suspecting something, because he kept assuring Dean that he and Ariel were simply looking for someone. He would never tell Dean who it was or why they were looking for the person or angel. So now
“I know he’s your brother, you damn idjit.” Bobby replied. “But we’ve done all we can do. We got ‘em patched up all right, all we can do now is wait.” Dean blinked back the tears threatening to form in his eyes. He looked down at his lifeless brother on the cot just a few feet away from him. Sam had gotten hurt hunting before, in fact, it happened damn near all of the time. But it had never been quite this bad. He had lost a lot of blood. Bobby and Dean had cleaned the wounds and sewed him back up, but it had been nearly an hour and Sam still hadn’t regained consciousness. Dean felt the gnawing sensation of guilt and fear clawing at the pit of his stomach, threatening to escape him. “Listen, Dean. I know you feel like this is your fault, but it’s not. Sam… he’ll… he’ll pull through. The stubborn kid always does.” Bobby was trying to keep his voice light, but Dean could hear the doubt in his voice.
Dean brought the bottle of whiskey to his lips and didn't even react as he drank some down. He barely even noticed the burn. He barely noticed anything anymore. It had been weeks since Jack had taken over as the new god, weeks since Cas d- since he had seen Cas. He was wreck. He knew it, and he knew that Sam knew it, but they were both doing a good job at pretending that they were both okay. Sam picked up the empty liquor and beer bottles, and in return, Dean didn't mention Eileen. Dean faked smiles and hunted like his entire world wasn't falling apart, and in return, Sam didn't mention Cas. They were both hoping that if they pretended they were okay for long enough, maybe they actually would be.
When Dean and Cas had made their way downstairs, they had run into Ricardo. They filled him in on the case, and Ricardo was so relieved that he hugged them both and immediately followed them over to the tiki bar to let the bartender know that they didn’t need to worry about running up a tab. The bartender was clearly suspicious until Ricardo pulled out the FBI excuse, and convinced her that they had solved a case involving a murderer earlier that day. After that she had no problem making them drinks in which she absolutely did not skimp out on the liquor.
“Then I think you’re fine, Cas.”
“Cas, don’t!” Sam yelled. “We can use him! If he knows where Crowley is, he might know where
“Okay. Bye, Dean.” Sam’s voice had a smile to it as he hung up, and while Sam would never admit it, Dean knew that he missed him too.
Dean stopped in front of the bed and just stared at Castiel. Castiel could smell the minty aroma of the hunter’s toothpaste, and the fresh scent of the resort’s complimentary shampoo and body wash. Dean’s hair was still damp and sticking up haphazardly, and Castiel’s fingers twitched to glide through it and soothe the troubled look on his face.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, I’m good.” Dean replied. He only signed ‘yes’ though.
Dean scowled. “He’s okay. But that’s not the point. The point is, he owes me.”
“Uh… well…” Sam stammered.
Dean Winchester had officially fucking
“Oh, shut up, old man. We all know you’ve just been sitting behind a desk for years now, letting me do all the hard work.”
“I always come when you call. Always.” His voice was strong and loyal, but Dean picked up on the strained emotion in his eyes.
Dean smiled, watching Cas stare at what he presumed was the little moving dots that showed someone was replying to a text. Sam would be easy to shop for. He would just get him a latte machine because he was tired of his brother fucking with the settings on their coffee machine. The girls would be easy too, though he would probably ask for Sam’s help. They could get Alex a stethoscope or something nurse related, Claire a new leather jacket since hers was worn. Jody and Donna would be a little harder, but there was a chance Sam was already a step ahead of him. But Cas? Dean had no idea what to get Cas. What kind of gift do you buy an
“Both.” The word was out of Dean’s mouth before he even realized he said it. He flicked his own cigarette on the ground, crushing it with the two of his boot and avoiding eye contact to hide just how uncomfortable he was.
“When I downsized myself to be able to be contained by a vessel, it downsized my wings as well. It’s one of the reasons that you’re able to see them without them burning your eyes out. These wings aren’t quite my true form but are a middle ground so that they don’t harm you, and you’re still able to help me.” Cas’ eyes had slid closed and he seems perfectly at peace. Dean smiled and was really glad that Cas couldn’t see him because he was pretty sure he looked like a lovestruck idiot. Right as he thought that, Cas opened his eyes and smiled back at him as he blushed. “I have managed to do most of the preening in the front of my wings. I can actually reach there.” Dean got flustered, realizing that he had just been dragging his fingers through areas that Cas could easily reach. “It does feel nice though.” Cas added, smiling. And god, Dean was even more fucked, because that wasn’t one of those half-smiles that he got from time to time, this was Cas being happy and relaxed enough to give him a real smile.
Sam’s typing stopped for a moment and Dean knew that Sam was surveying him, trying to get a read on the situation. Sam let it slide this time and continued his search on the computer. Dean wasn’t sure if it was seconds or minutes later, because it felt like days, but Sam finally spoke again. “I have something.” Dean looked up and dropped his hands to the table. He knew his eyes were bloodshot from unshed tears. “The signals really, really weak. The phone must have been turned off.”
to do?” Dean asked sincerely.
“You wanna grab some breakfast?” Dean asked, standing and taking a huge gulp from his coffee.
Dean planned on walking right back into the bar and getting piss drunk all over again, but unfortunately, it was still too early. But Dean needed
Charlie’s eyes widened, and she slapped his arm. “No! You can’t interfere Sam! You
Dean swore with every fiber of his being that he would never fall in love. It scared the absolute hell out of him, and he knew he wasn’t as strong as John, Bobby, or Sam. They withstood their hearts being broken, just barely, but Dean barely made it through just
to vanish with Rowena. They weren’t comparable in the least. But he was
“I’m scanning the cave, but in case you’ve forgotten, rusalka use cloaking magic.” Castiel snapped gruffly. The path in the cave was winding and cramped, and along with the tide, it was impossible for them to move any quicker. The path finally opened up a bit, revealing two different ways they could break off and go. Castiel’s palm was pointed to the right, so Sam pointed his gun and flashlight to the left. “It’s this way.” Castiel muttered, taking the right just as a loud splashing noise came from behind them.
“Thanks for all your help today.” Dean said to Cas sincerely. Everyone had turned in for the night and Dean was picking up stray beer bottles in the dining room that he, Sam, and Jody had somehow managed to empty on top of all the food they ate. Humans certainly partook in gluttony. Cas had stayed behind to help him since he didn’t sleep and being with just Dean after a day with the bunker being full was a bit of a relief. Cas was greedy for it and relished in his alone time with Dean when the hunter put up less of a façade and was all soft eyes and easy smiles.
Dean rolled over. The hunter couldn’t stop thinking about what Cas said earlier, about hoping that one day he was able to love someone like Sean and Cyrus had loved each other. What had he meant by that?
“Whatever you say, Dean.” Sam replied, hiding a knowing smirk behind his glass of water.
I know that Salt Lake City Comic-Con is in September and not January, but being a writer gives me the ability to play god for a bit and time is a human construct, or something clever like that.
to do this. Cas needed him. Cas nodded, reaching for the hem on his hoodie, pulling it off in one swift movement. Dean’s brain went offline for a second and he threw caution to the wind, his eyes surveying the miles of tanned skin. Cas watching him curiously had him snapped back to reality.
“That sounds… expensive.” Cas mumbled, looking at his car sadly.
“Mom, I’m fine,” Sam insists.  “Honestly, it wasn’t a bite or a scratch, I just got caught on some wood is all.”  He pulls his arm away but she won’t be deterred.
Sam catches Dean glancing at them too, or even at the door sometimes, but the shadow passes, and Sam starts to think that maybe, maybe they can move on.  Maybe with enough small steps and enough time they can go on to live lives in the
“He’s a fucking idiot Sam, he should have known better.”  Dean sounds like he’s had this argument with himself many times, so Sam doesn’t answer and lets his brother work it out on his own.  “Like I get it, I do, it was Jack you know?  I can’t say I haven’t done some stupid shit when it comes to family but he didn’t even hesitate and- and stop and think about himself for one goddamn second.”
“I’m fine.”
“I don’t want to wait,” he pants in response.  “Cas, we keep calling each other our mates, everyone around us says it, but we’re
covered, with darker splotches on his forehead and his arm where it mingled with his own injuries.  He glances down and finally notices the huge red stain on his injured leg, and ok maybe he can see why Cas is so freaked out right now seeing as Dean looks like he got dunked upside down in a pool of blood.
“Too bad,” Dean sighs, and okay he has to be over-exaggerating his disappointment, right?  Cas turns away before Dean can see his grin, very aware of Dean's eyes on him as he walks back up to the house.  He may or may not put a little extra sway into his hips.
I've gotten this chapter done and I'm so excited to share it with you!!  Fingers crossed the next update won't be so long!
“Uh, thanks,” Cas mumbles, moving to the coffee pot and getting the coffee brewing.  Dean moves through the kitchen with surprising ease, no hint of awkwardness. The aroma of his cooking sets Cas’ mouth-watering as he waits for the coffee to drip.
the money you would have paid those garage assclowns.”
Dean looks over and sees Jack’s test poking out of the top of the stack, the letter
“I mean, there’s no going back to before.  We both have a lot to work through.”
He looks like a fucking serial killer.
“Yeah, well we made it work, and we helped each other heal.  She never stopped loving her wife and I never stopped loving Eileen, and I think we both knew that going in, even until the end.”  Dean nods, and they go quiet for a little while.  When they pull back up to the Roadhouse where Dean started, Sam laughs.
“You what?”
to, don’t you?”  Dean opens his mouth to object, but…
Cas, how was that not supposed to hurt?”  Cas lowers his head, taking a deep breath and Dean wonders how his stomach can turn in knots when it’s not even fucking real.
THATS THE END!! THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH FOR READING!! I love all of you so much. :)
Cas can’t find words to give a name to what he’s feeling, but he
“And I would do it again, Dean, if it meant saving you.  And-“  Cas pauses, like he’s bracing himself for what he has to say.  “And knowing that, if there was another way out of that room, if I hadn’t had to activate my deal… knowing if that never happened I would never have told you how I feel… I don’t regret it, Dean.  I know I would have kept my silence for as long as I needed, and telling you has been a freedom I never thought I’d find.”
“An alpha from
“Nice and boring, just grading tests mostly.”
“Great, thank you for this.”  The man smiles, the wrinkles around his eyes both reassuring and a distraction.  As he kneels to plug his phone in, Cas gets a great view of the man’s ass in his too-tight jeans, the shirt pulled tight against the muscles in his back.  This is beyond unfair, Cas complains to himself. It’s bad enough he’s a scent anomaly, he also has to be the most attractive man Cas has ever met. Noone on the short list of betas Cas had been with even came close to hitting his buttons like this man does.  When the guy stands and turns back to face Cas, the flash in his green eyes hints that he knows exactly where Cas was looking. Cas flushes, clamping down on the scent of his embarrassment and stuffing his hands in his pockets.
“How do you think he’s doing?  Jack, I mean.”
“I, uh, I just...you’re a nurse.”  Dean can feel his ears turn red as he forgets how to English, but Castiel- Cas- simply smiles.
“Dean-”
his mouth.  Regardless of the blood that stains his skin, both his and not, Cas is
Yeah, maybe this isn’t so bad.
“What the
“How’s Dean?”  Sam winces when Eileen asks the question, even though he was expecting it.  He doesn’t have an answer really, not yet.  The handbook for dealing with his brother’s grief didn’t have any entries for ‘losing the entire world and then your son becomes God’.
“Hey- hey-,
Getting the radio working wasn’t on Bobby’s list, but the sounds of the engine mixed with nature give the two of them a soundtrack for their trip. Neither of them feels the need to fill the silence, Dean’s scent shifting as he thinks and Cas watching the nature passing them by.
“What did you picture?”  Dean opens his mouth to respond but realizes he… hasn’t thought about it.  Castiel sits on the bench, adjusting his coat and looking up at Dean curiously, and his face is so achingly familiar and
“At least I know you enjoy my company, even if it is for food,” Cas sighs to the cat.  He stands, stretching his arms and legs out before heading back into the quiet house. Cas has a quick dinner before cycles through his nighttime routine, double checking that the lights are off, then checks door locks and the windows.  Satisfied, he climbs the stairs to his bedroom where his en suite bathroom and a shower are calling to him. He washes off the day, deciding to skip giving himself a shave.
“No, I meant-”  Dean is standing directly in front of him, closer than he expected, a huge smile on his face.  Cas’ eyes are drawn to Dean's lips again, and he swallows hard as Dean’s amusement floods into his nose.  From less than a foot apart, Cas watches as Dean's cocky smile fades into something gentle. Dean takes a deep breath before leaning forward a bit, his arm brushing Cas’ as his eyes drift over Cas’ face.
He knows Cas is aware that Dean’s dangling bait in front of him to spur him into action but right now it doesn’t seem to matter.  Cas lunges in for another bruising kiss, hands gripped tight in Dean’s bloody hair as he tilts his head to the angle he wants. Dean starts to get lost in the assault, only vaguely aware of the taste of his own blood still lingering from the bite on his lip, lost instead in the taste of Cas.  The throbbing from his injuries and the disgusting, sticky feeling of the blood on his skin fade to the background as well, everything being lost to the angel.
.  Dean’s next sentence comes easy.  “I just, you should sit for a bit.  Being on your feet all day you’re probably exhausted.”  He gestures back at the table lamely, hoping against hope he wasn’t being too creepy or awkward.
Sam bandaged his brother’s hand and got him into bed, cleaned the table and finished the carving for Dean, his own tears added to what Dean had let fall earlier.  He misses Cas, the angel’s constant presence even larger in his absence but Dean, the way Dean is reacting to losing Cas is different this time.  With the Leviathan it was disappointment, when they lost him to Lucifer years later there was rage, but this
“I don’t doubt they deserve it.  More than most.  But I also know them, their hearts and their souls, and so long as there’s someone out there in need, they won’t say no to helping them.”
“Cas,” he groans, nearly crushed under Cas’ weight as he presses Dean into the mattress, “please, I’m- I can’t…”  Cas growls, legit growls and Dean fucking
“You know I’m going to, just like I know you’ll forgive me, and we’ll fuck like rabbits afterwards.”
“Alright, Sammy let’s hit the road,” Dean huffs, scrambling to get his stuff gathered.  In his hurry, his messenger bag flips, and a good number of his graded tests slide out across the table.  Cursing and flushing crimson, Dean scrambles to gather them up as Sam laughs. Cas starts to help gather them up, but he pauses after a moment.
That raises its own question- how
“Before the decline of omegas to one bloodline everyone was this way.  Bonding was stronger and more genuine, birth rates were up. But when omega births declined, it was like nature compensated by toning everything down.  When our numbers started to increase again, society had... gotten used to things being a certain way. So they forced us away, and in doing so, they also kept people's biologies from recovering.”
“You’re kidding, the Roadhouse?”
“Teaching,” she says with pride.  “If you need anything there’s a landline in the house, and a list of phone numbers.”  She turns to Dean, resting her hand on his shoulder with a brief squeeze. “It’s kinda… awesome that you’re here.”  With a grin she turns and walks away too fast for Dean to respond. Dean’s scent starts to slide into the overwhelmed side again, so Cas nudges him with an elbow.
“I didn't want to bother you if you were going through a separation.  Withdrawal is still a thing sometimes.” For most folks, broken mating bonds don't cause withdrawal or sickness.  Cas isn't most people, and he doubts he'd survive; he wasn't that blissfully nose blind. Dean continues when Cas doesn't say anything.  “I know you said you live here with your cousin, but you didn't sound pleased by it. In fact, you're kind of… standoffish?”
“Shut up, this is all your fault anyway.”
“Good, I'll come to get you as soon as I'm outta here.  Bye, my love!”
“This is my home,” Cas says quietly.
“Well, I know you’ve kinda taken a shine to the kid-”
“True happiness, being our friend?”  Dean tilts his head in silent agreement.  “I guess I can see why Cas took the deal.”  He notices the tightness to Dean’s jaw.  “Guess it didn’t work out so well in the end.”
“Here, in the house, I mean.”
.”  The word is uttered on a sigh and in a step Cas finishes closing the distance between them.  Dean has just enough presence of mind to kick his bedroom door shut and then Cas’ hands are on him, slowly running over his blood soaked jacket before tucking inside it to push it off Dean’s shoulders.  “So...
“No, what?!  I’m not cold calling the guy using the school’s information, that’s just creepy.”
“That can't be comfortable.”
“Oh, no I can manage, thanks,” he says in a hurry, grabbing his mug and pushing to his feet.
“Good morning!  Figured the least I could do to repay the night stay would be to make you some breakfast.”  It's like he's not even aware he's standing half-naked in a stranger’s kitchen.
“I’m sorry, Cas, I’m sorry I couldn’t tell you.  It’s just that I never let myself have anything good because every time I found something I lost it.  Maybe that’s why it was easier to let myself get pissed at you whenever things got fucked up, because I- I couldn’t handle the alternative.”
“Looks cozy,” Dean says as he walks over to the bed.  “Thanks, Cas.”
“You sure the praise of the food has nothing to do with the half naked cook?” Dean hums, blatant in his observation.  Cas feels his cheeks burn, shoving the last of his food in his mouth to avoid talking. Dean laughs, grinning at him. “Sorry, Cas, I’m not trying to make you uncomfortable.  You're, uh, cute when you blush.” Cas looks up sharply, ready to make an indignant comment about being ‘cute’. He pauses when he sees the humor in Dean’s eyes, feeling the ridiculousness of the whole situation.
“From the Empty.”  The way Dean says it makes Sam’s stomach drop.  “See, apparently the Empty thought it was entitled to Jack’s soul or whatever because it gets to collect all the Angels who die, and it wanted to drag him off to the big old nothing.”
“I can hear your brain working Dean.  Yes, I met someone after Eileen passed away.  Kiera was a wonderful woman, but she knew, I think, that our marriage was more about companionship than love.”
A couple more pulls and a well-placed squeeze has him coming over his fist as he collapses against the shower wall.  It takes ten minutes before his knot finally goes down, the longest for a solo session in a long time. He scrubs down again to wash the arousal off, hoping his house guest won't notice.  He wants to feel bad about getting off to fantasies about a stranger, but Cas reasons maybe now he'll be able to keep a clearer head around Dean.
“I uh, I have- had?- a son.  When he gets here someday I’ll introduce you.”
"Actually, it guzzles gas like crazy and makes this weird rumbling noise when I go above 50."  Cas walks past his Lincoln, turning for the shelf where Gabe keeps the spare oil. "But thank you for defending its honor."  Dean laughs again, and Cas smiles back before grabbing the three bottles of oil. “These are what we have.” He walks back over to Dean who looks them each over, grinning as he grabs one.
Cas chats with Sam about his day quietly as they walk through the parking lot behind Dean.
“Okay, finish up and get out of here before we start fighting among ourselves,” Bobby huffs.  He reaches into a drawer and drops a piece of paper on the table, Cas looking over as Dean picks it up.  It appears to be a map, with coordinates written in at certain places along the route to keep them on course.
“You wish.”
I’m so sorry this took me as long as it did, I was dealing with a LOT this past year, but I’m back, and I’m picking up the threads of this story.
“That's awful,” Dean's voice is almost a growl, and Cas’ chest warms at Dean’s anger on his behalf.  “I've only read about it, but I can only imagine what a rut must have been like for you. Especially if you were without suppressors that long."  Cas shifts, memories coming to the surface that he’d honestly rather forget. Dean’s cheeks flush too when he realizes the sensitive topic he’d broached.  “Sorry, Cas.”
“Because sleeping in your car is a better option,” Cas counters.  He has no idea why he's inviting a stranger to spend the night, but the idea of Dean sleeping in his car is beyond absurd.
“Not really.”  Cas smiles to help emphasize his words.  “I have Gabriel and the animals. My best friend Charlie comes to visit me and so does my brother from time to time.  It’s enough to be able to breathe.”
“Maybe Jack seeing you outside of a teacher role will help him get to know you, make him see he doesn’t have to mouth off just to prove himself to you,” Charlie’s voice is reasonable and it makes Dean want to believe it.
“But you
does he feel. Dean’s presence is there, somewhere in his mind, and it’s not intrusive or telepathic but he can read Dean’s emotions before his scent reflects their change. It’s like a sixth sense for what his mate is feeling, and right now his mate is bursting with the same pure joy and fulfillment he himself is filled with.
“A trip where?”
“I forget, you don't watch the news.  Security Forces are everywhere, roadblocks and checkpoints... some weird fugitive situation.”
“That’s great and all but, Charlie...I don’t even know the guy.”
“It’s fine, Sam,” Cas says quickly.  “The bus runs in about an hour, it’s not like it’ll be the first time I’ve taken it.”
“We’ll figure out from Bobby how that whole thing works, alright, first thing.”  Dean pauses, not sure if he should press but naturally he’s curious now.
“My first rut… I blacked out for part of it and the rest… all I remember is hurting.”  He grits his teeth, unable to keep the bitter stench from wafting off of him. “My rut was a week-long torture of intense pain, burning skin, buckets of sweat, and a desperate need to mate.  I was 13.”
When they arrive back at Bobby’s, Sam is outside the house pacing and his scent is an absolute mess of anger and anxiety. Dean barely throws the car in park and kills the engine before he’s jumping out of the Jeep, Sam walking up to meet him halfway.
Starting at the crown of Dean’s head, Cas drags his hands down over every part of his body, caressing and kneading, until he reaches the bottom of Dean’s shirt.  He tugs it up and off of him with slow movements, baring Dean's torso to his eyes and hands. Cas drops to his knees, bringing himself just below eye level with Dean, slipping out of his own shirt and pressing into the space between Dean’s legs.  His hands caress Dean’s thighs as they move towards his hips, leaning in to press open mouthed kisses to his chest. Dean’s scent, already heavy with need, turns sweeter, and Cas groans into Dean’s skin, his own arousal flooding the space between them.
After an hour, the dirt road gives way to rougher trails, the Jeep bouncing over dips and bumps large enough to almost jostle Cas from his seat.  The path clears out to a graded gravel road after about 15 minutes, and Cas starts to scent food and people on the wind. Dean keeps driving till they come up on a wooden gate blocking the road, about ten feet high, and he pulls over onto the shoulder.  Caution is on the air, but when he turns to Cas he’s wearing a confident smile.
“Hey, Sammy.”  He turns to see Sam standing there, seemingly nonplussed by both the scenery around him, and that Dean is there waiting.
“And the pun!  It's a pun, Cas!”
“Nothing, setting up Sam with a blind date is all.”
Three terrifying words he hoped he’d never even have to consider, were now a reality.  He waits, watching the screen as it comes up delivered, then read, then watches the three grey dots.
They don’t need words, but they start to move in unison, Cas helping guide Dean’s hips in small rolls before Dean starts to rise and fall.  Everything is so much, yet Cas doesn’t feel like he’s drowning, more that he’s able to breathe underwater. His knot is swelling, but he can feel Dean’s need for it, his permission, and so he lets go, tying them together while his hand works Dean to his own orgasm, which Cas catches the echoes of through their new bond. Dean slumps against him, head tucked into Cas’ neck, and Cas wraps his arms around him to hold him close, everything settling into a calm around them.
“Okay,
loop.”
Sorry about the cliff hanger ha ha ....
Sam finally shows up.
“Boring is a good thing?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I'll make us something.”  As he moves past Dean and into the kitchen, he catches a glimpse of Dean’s amused smirk.
“Course I’m sure, taking the bus is lame.”  Dean waves away his objection, even if on the inside he’d like nothing more than to leave both Cas
, on a few different levels.
“I’m still an angel.”  Cas’ words hum against his skin and Dean shivers, his hands sliding into Cas’ hair.  “This time you said you’d
“So, they all know who I am?” Dean asks once they're settled.
“Well, yes.  The people who live here aren't prisoners or forced to stay within our town.  We have access to the same prescription blockers as anyone else, so if someone wants to leave they can.  Many come to enjoy living in the major cities, and sometimes they’re even lucky enough to find a mate.” Her tone is gentle, not chastising, and Cas tries not to feel embarrassed.
“Alright, deal.”  She grins and Sam can’t stop himself, he leans in and gently kisses her, simple comfort taken from knowing that he
“Congratulations, by the way,” she says with a smirk.  Cas blushes but grins, running his fingers over Dean’s bite.
“I’m sorry we didn’t wait, Cas.”  Cas doesn’t answer but continues to divest Dean of his bloody shirts, the red staining his chest as well where it leaked through onto his skin, thicker rivulets running in lines where it missed his shirt and dripped down behind his collar.  Cas’ hands are covered in the sticky blood now but he doesn’t seem to notice, shucking his trench and his own jacket. Dean notices some of the blood transferred to Cas’ crisp white shirt as he was undressing, a couple smears on the chest and sleeves.  Dean swallows hard, no idea why the fuck that has his temperature spiking but in no way complaining.
“No, you don’t get to do this.”  Dean’s spitting his words, and Cas can tell he’s trying not to shake.  “You don’t get to waltz out here and fuck with my life when you did the same fucking thing.”
“Fuck the garage,” Dean grunts, pushing himself to his feet and out of his memory.  “Have them bring it here, I’ll fix the damn car, and you can pay
“Yeah, no kidding.”  Dean presses one more kiss to his lips and climbs off of Cas, who immediately misses his warm weight in his arms.  “Dude,” Dean shakes his head. “I’m
He’s learned to never take the sound of birds for granted again.
“We know. There are members of our community who are less than excited about exposing ourselves.”  Layla tucks a strand of hair behind her ear, utter calm in her scent. “But we took a vote, and we decided this is what we want.”  Cas is convinced, but he can still scent Dean’s hesitation.
“I know,” he sighs.  “We talked about this, I know, but- I mean-“  He falters to a stop, the pain rearing its ugly head again.  She brushes her hand on his cheek before continuing to sign.
“I hope I can see you again soon,” Jessica says with a smile as Dean approaches the Jeep.  She nudges Cas as he goes to climb in, nodding at Dean as she drops her voice to a whisper.  “Does he have any brothers?”
“And the Empty came, and it all happened so fast I didn’t- I couldn’t- I’m watching my best friend, someone who knows me better than anyone tell me he
“Yeah, I get it.  Thanks, but no thanks for this little bonding moment.”  Jack quickly leaves the classroom, and Dean sighs heavily as the door closes behind him.  Well, at least he tried.
me and before I can even figure out what that means he’s just gone.”
“Hey, Cas!  I see you met my brother, Dean!”  Sam claps Dean on the shoulder and Dean brushes his hand off, for some reason embarrassed by it.
“Thanks,” Cas says, and Dean doesn’t miss the small sigh of relief when he relaxes into the chair.  “How was your break?” It takes Dean a moment before he remembers Cas would know about their school break because of Jack.
“You will,” he says with conviction.  Her smile falters a bit before its back, a slight blush on her cheeks.
“It’s okay.  It’s important you realize we’re not some desperate people waiting to be rescued.” They’re starting to attract stares as they make their way towards the largest building on the square, a six storied, imposing structure.  “We don’t need the world, but the world needs us.”
“Castiel,” Dean repeats in a thoughtful tone, looking over Cas with an appraising eye.
. He continues to work Dean’s entrance, lapping in long swipes before pointing and plunging deep. Dean isn’t even attempting to hold anything back, hips moving and debauched noises tumbling from his throat. Sensing Dean’s need peaking before Dean even asks, he slides two fingers into place, the clench of Dean’s walls around him making his own dick twitch.  He seeks out Dean’s prostate, passing over it with every thrust of his fingers.
“It's not worth it."
“My car won’t start, and yes, before you ask, we tried jumping it, I checked the spark plug, and the battery is relatively new.”  Dean turns on his bedside light to try and keep himself from falling back to sleep.
and I didn’t get to tell him that he was loved too, that he was fucking important and that he changed
Dean disappears to talk with Sam while Cas loads their bags and waits by the Jeep.  When Dean shows up, his scent is dark with worry but also filled with motivation, and Cas doesn’t comment on it. He climbs in the passenger side, feeling exposed by the open top vehicle, and Dean starts the engine, setting off down a dirt road into the woods.
“Makes sense,” Dean nods.
“Do you want to rest?” Cas asks, pressing a kiss to Dean’s forehead.
After the last one Dean’s glad he’s not on an actual road or he might have driven himself off into a ditch, the way it stops him cold.  As it is, the Impala comes to a stop, idling on the long stretch of unmarked highway, trees and long grass outside the windows waving in a breeze that wasn’t real.  What contentment he’d found after talking to Bobby gives way to an ache behind his rib cage.
healing.  Sam finishes his coffee first, tossing the cup in the trash can next to the bench.
“That sounds kind of sad, Sam.”
*****
“C’mon, Castiel,” Dean lobs his full name at him as a challenge and he watches with barely contained excitement as Cas’ eyes flash, “I thought you said I’d be sorry.”
“Okay.  Yeah, okay, let’s do this.”  He turns his grin to Layla and she smiles back.
As he turns the corner into the kitchen, he stumbles to a dumbfounded halt.
and Dean can’t really get out anything coherent, not the way Cas is fucking him like he’s running out of time.  It’s brutal even for them and Dean’s injuries aren’t helping, Cas continually touching them as they break open just to get the bleeding to stop.  The press of Cas’ zipper into the skin of his ass is starting to get uncomfortable, but Cas makes up for it with the hickeys and bruises he leaves over Dean’s neck and shoulders.  Claiming him, marking him everywhere the wolf blood touched him.
“Don’t ever do that again.”  Dean smiles, nosing in behind Cas’ ear with a chuckle.  Cas shies away like it's tickling him, but there’s a ghost of a smile at the corner of his lips.
“`Course I do,” Dean puffs his chest out, "it's my job, isn't it?"  Cas shakes his head in amusement, giving Dean a gentle shove away from him.
Cas pauses in the doorway, taking a deep breath of the morning air, still heavy with last night's humidity.  Scents make their way into his nose: the animals, the small garden, the orange trees across the street. It smells like home, fresh and peaceful, and he turns to head back into the house with a smile on his face.  Gabe's trip means some quality alone time for Cas. Alone, he doesn't have to worry about controlling his scent, or scenting other people. It's down to him, the animals, and a little peace and quiet.
“So, gonna change the world, Mr Chancellor?” Cas asks as he cleans up their dishes.  Dean’s fear he feels at those words isn’t unfounded, but it’s also not overpowering, and Cas scents his confidence.
“Need something else?”
Charlie hanging out the door, waving frantically.  Dean smiles and waves back, and Sam's face lights up, happier than Dean has seen him in untold years.
, not since he'd presented, had Cas met anyone he couldn't scent.  Everyone had a smell. Even doctors on scent blockers because of their work could be scented by Cas from across the room.  He’s getting nothing off this guy, and he doesn't know whether he should be relieved or scared. The man seems normal enough by looks alone, his face open and honest, but-
“I told you, call me Cas,” he says, setting his own overstuffed messenger bag down and pouring himself a cup of coffee.
“I’d like to find that, someday.” Jessica's reply is a bit melancholy, and when she turns to lead them on further, Cas finds himself hurrying to catch her hand.
“Sorry to keep you waiting,” Cas apologizes, noting that Amelia has stuck her head out too.  “Had an unexpected house guest.” Neither of the mares seem impressed, and he sighs in a heavy rush of breath, gathering up the tools to groom them.  Amelia is much more affectionate than she usually is, which surprises Cas. She moves over to him as soon as he walks into her stall, bowing her head to press against his chest.  Like she knows he needs the comfort. He smiles as he scratches along her ears. “Thanks, pretty girl,” he hums. Castiel feels much lighter as he finishes the rest of his work.
“You sure?  You smell a little freaked out.”  The man takes a step back, his right hand reaching into his pocket to pull out a phone with a charging cable hanging from it.  “I can wait by the car if you just take my phone…”
“Cas was in love with you.”  Dean turns his head to the ceiling, two trails of tears shining on his cheeks as he tries to keep his breathing under control.
“I'm hanging up now, Charlie.”
“You can scent betas?” Dean asks, a strange tone in his voice, and Cas nods.
“It’s not
About an hour later, Cas has softened enough to fall out with a not so attractive wet noise, and Dean’s discomfort comes to the surface, along with a hunger of a more literal sense.  Dean sits up, pressing a chaste kiss against Cas’ lips. He’s happy, and Cas can
“Different?” Cas hums.
Cas ignores the weird happy feeling he gets from the praise.“I get up at 5:30 for breakfast before I take care of the animals.  If you wake up after me there are fresh eggs in the fridge, help yourself.” He doesn't wait for Dean to respond before fleeing the room.
“Oh my god, what happened?”
“Charlie that's an awful idea,” Cas deadpans.
.  “Hey, he’s worse than I am,” Dean deflects, pointing at Sam.  Dean tries not to smile as Mary turns to fuss over Sam’s arm, Sam doing his best to scowl at Dean through his injuries.  Sometimes it’s hard for Dean to see Mary as his mother, and times like this it couldn’t be more obvious. There’s something to be said for her maternal instinct.
“You know, you don't have to call and check in every single day."  He makes sure to put some fake annoyance into his voice for good measure.
“I am a nurse, yes.”  Castiel sips at his coffee and sighs.  “I take it I’m not the one you were expecting.”  He looks over at Dean, cradling his cup in both hands.
Cas turns his alarm off at 5:30 the next morning, rubbing the sleep out if his eyes as he stretches.  He dresses in his work clothes from the day before and heads downstairs for breakfast and coffee. The rooster starts to call out the morning right as Cas finishes eating a quick bowl of oatmeal.  The morning chores are much the same as the evening chores, with the addition of mucking out the horses’ stalls and a quick trip through the garden to check on the vegetables and do some watering. Another shower, another cup of coffee, and Cas is back in his office, ready to start another day of work.
we decided we wanted to work through things together.  Acknowledge we have a, a
“Sam, it’s Cas.”  Sam goes still, eyes going wide.
Dean missed seeing it.  All of it, the blue eyes and the wrinkles and the hair and just… Cas.  After a few moments of quiet, he drops his head and mutters the only thing he can think of, regardless of how vulnerable it makes him feel.
“-but all I could think about while I was locked up was you.”
“It’s fine Sam.”
“We’ve set up a cabin for you on the edge of town, you can stay as long as you need to.”  She points down the road to a small house off on its own. “I have some classes to attend to, otherwise I’d stick around.”
“Cas?”  He blinks and looks up at Sam.  “Hey, man, you okay?” They’re at his apartment complex already, and he feels embarrassed that Sam had to tell Dean how to get there.
"Hey Cas,
"So have fun on your guys' little self-discovery mission."
Which was why no matter how stupid and self scraficing his plan was, (maybe Sam was right and Castiel had picked up too much from him), it was going to work, because Cas was not going to leave him. Satan be damned Cas was not leaving him.
Dean swears that he saw Sam smirk at him as he left the room.
"I think you're ready for bullets now. So I'll just…" Dean clasped his hands together, body already turning to face the car "go get them."
Dean reached forward grabbing the coffee from Cas. “Thanks.”
. The best thing to do is to figure out what you're scared of and see if there’s some way to stop it. Some way to prove that that’s not something to fear."
A small groan interrupted him, followed by the sensation of something dragging along his shoulder and onto his neck.
"Yeah, lets just hope all this lovey dovey stuff ends up leading somewhere."
The gray clouds shuffled over the once blue sky. Winds whipped the honey sand up in spinning circles, stray wrappers and old sea glass with long since softened edges followed their trail. Dark hair flapped across foreheads and pressed onto cool cheeks.
The door swung open to reveal Cas resting one hand on the frame and using the other to wrap around his sweater sleeve and rub at his eye. Adorable, Dean thought, before shaking his head dismissively. “Okay. When would we leave?”
Cas turned, cheek squished into the mattress highlighting the red sheet lines imprinted on his face down and around the forearm that flopped like a fish caught on a line down against the bed’s dark wood frame. His blankets knotted around the tangle of his legs, hairs defying gravity as the strands flopped over one another pointing in every direction, like pieces of grass recovering from being squashed under a careless man's foot. There was a small pout on his lips, a furrow to his brow, eyes half open blue iris clouding over as his eyes slid in and out of focus.
“When I was an angel I felt things, but now that I’m human it's like everything is stronger, and more complicated." Cas clenched his hand around the edges of his sleeve, watching his fingers skim along the ratty tattered fabric. He took a moment to breathe deeply, struggling to find the right words to articulate his thoughts. "There seems to be too many things at once for me to determine what emotion I could be feeling.”
"Okay." Cas marked his page pushing the book in front of him.
want you to get better.”
Dean leaned over his side stretching to push the far door of his precious baby open.
Dean lifted his cup in acknowledgement, watching the murky brown liquid slosh along its sides. "No he won't speak to me."
…,” Dean rubbed at the back of his neck, keeping his gaze trained to the floor, “We were… well I was kinda thinking that just me and Sam would go and you could stay here to help wi-”
Using the arm braced on the table, Dean pushed himself upward till he was half leaning across the table. "Okay that is bullsh-"
"Dean.” Cas’ tone is so achingly familiar, a mixture of exasperation, disbelief and undeniable fondness.
"Is that really you?" He stared desperately searching Cas's face for a sign, any sign that this was Cas. He couldn't risk getting his hopes up. He didn't know what he would do if he had to lose Cas all over again.
“So, breakfast.” Dean liked the idea of staying in the warm bed holding Cas close to his chest, but he was hungry.
this is."
Spotting an open bag of chips the seagull darted forward with a squawking war cry. Dean leaned to the side snatching the bag high up into the air. He glared down at the bird, but it only scuttled forward, wet feet plopping along the blanket. Slowly Dean reached inside the bag locking his fingers around a single chip he launched down towards the shore. The birds swarmed with a guttural cloud of noise and the plattering of wet feet on damp sand.
"Oh god," Sam groaned "what did you do?"
Dean couldn’t help his smile. He had always assumed that if Cas’ ever did sleep he would be an early riser, the kind of person who rose with the sun, and sat newspaper in hand, coffee in the other watching the glowing golden, rose petal pink and carrot-top orange streaks fill in the sky the way paint filled a canvas. In Dean’s opinion utter lunatics that scared him more than the monsters that seemed to roam freely through his calendar. Cas was however not an early bird gets the worm, but why on earth would you wake me up and proceed to tell me about worms, kind of person. That is to say Cas’ was a grumpy sleeper, practically a rumpled kitten, claws sharp and ready for whoever dared disturb his slumber. Dean knew it should be annoying, but he couldn’t help but find Cas’ grumpiness grounding and endearing. A reminder that he was real, living and breathing, not some perfect unattainable creature, simply a sufferer to clocks and responsibilities like everyone else.
Dean poked Cas hoping to awaken him, but he simply grumbled like a cat woken from their nap and borrowed his head deeper into Dean's neck.
Clearing his throat, Sam spoke. "So how are you?"
* * *
"Bye," Dean whistled as he left, pretending he hadn't heard Sam, "
Clearing his throat Dean redirected his attention back to the gun. "So the first thing you want to learn is how to hold the thing properly."
Dean turned to see a woman staring at him with large eyes and a wrinkled brow, a mixture of fear and confusion tracing her features. Dean followed her gaze between him and Cas before her reaction clicked and he suddenly realised how weird this conversation must sound to an outsider. Grabbing Cas shoulder tightly, he laughed struggling to keep himself upright.
Cas paused, head titled to the side as if struggling to find the right word shuffled in a list. "This has been surprisingly pleasant."
"Well, I guess that's another thing we gotta add to the list." Dean nudged Cas' shoulder "Hey, maybe you'll even find some music you yourself like."
“Come in.” A deep gravelly voice answered from the other side.
He turned away from the sky, noticing something black and shiny across the field. Curious, he stepped slowly towards the object. There was something familiar about its silhouette.
Cas nodded and went back to flipping through cassette tapes.
to." Dean sighed long and soft as he slowly laid back against the car, a small smile pulling at his lips. "Besides, it beats research anyway. I miss getting to go to places like this.”
"CaAAaasssssssss!" Though as fast as Dean could begin to process the light it began to dim until there was nothing left and his body, Cas's body slid to the floor. The thunk echoed in is head drowning out the sound of his thoughts, of his brothers rapid breaths beside him of the terrifying creature still holding the tainted angel blade before him.
Cas eyes stayed fixated on Dean’s hand, on the light scars that textured his skin in odd indecipherable patterns, and the blue veins just below the surface, path defined up and around his wrist.
"Right and-"
“Okay?” Cas’ eyebrows scrunched, wrinkle forming dubiously.
Dean wasn't sure when he fell to the ground, his knees in the cold wet grass, a fact he seemed both too overly aware of yet still not able to feel at all. He was staring down at Cas's body, his dead body and Dean sickeningly found himself grateful that when he fell that his eyelids had closed. He knew he wouldn't have been able to look at those blue eyes, not when all he would be able to see was the unnatural blue light, his grace, his life.
Pointing in front of him to where a man was twirling a stick along the edges of the machine where sugar was twirling, weaving around the stick in tight threads, Dean asked. "Okay pick a colour. Blue or pink?"
"Coffee?" Dean grabbed the mug from Cas' hands trying not to flinch as his hand dragged across Cas'.
Slowly, Cas stood. Smiling, Dean grabbed Cas’ wrist, locking his fingers over Cas’ stiff limbs. With a gentle tug, he pulled Cas out of his room and down the bunker hallways and into the kitchen, only loosening his grip when they stopped in the entryway.
Rolling onto his side Dean pulled a golden amber ale out of the plastic 7-11 bag, turning to thrust it against Cas' chest where the condensation of the bottle stuck to his shirt. "Here."
"What's this?" Sam asked apprehensively as he wandered into the bunker's kitchen.
“Right,” Dean cleared his throat, “I love you.”
"I wasn't created until after these had died sadly." Cas said, staring up at the modelled triceratops a mixture of bright white plaster and hard crystallized rock.
"Okay this one you'll like, came recommended by Sam, so you can thank him."
Stepping forward, Dean pressed his hands against Cas’ back, soft cotton bunching around his fingers. He shook Cas gently, jostling the blanket down to his lower back and sending his arm thumping against the bed.
"Well," Dean shuffled his feet, "It gets more complicated than that, but basically yeah."
Dean sighed "You know what I mean about the whole," He struggled to get the word out not because it disturbed him, but because he was scared of the face that Cas would pull and he didn’t want to have to think about the pain he's in, to think about what he's lost. He wondered what it would be like to lose such a large part of your identity, of how you function and think. He wondered what it would be like to lose the ability to do the things he loves. Although he was incapable of understanding Cas’ lost, his head and chest still throbbed with the thought of what Cas must feel.
From the set of Cas' shoulders Dean knew he didn't believe him.
He waited several seconds till he could breathe deeply, oxygen he shouldn't need filling his lungs; before, he blinked his eyes open straining against the light that stabbed into his brain.
seem happier too."
Adjusting his footing so that he was now standing behind Cas, Dean reached his other hand over Cas' and used his grip to help cas lift the gun.
"So," Dean put the key into the engine turning gently so as not to damage his precious Baby. "Did you have fun?"
. I -
"Well, I'm glad that you're trying."
Eyebrows furrowing, Cas glared at Dean as if hoping he could one day intimidate Dean into caring for himself. “That doesn't seem healthy.”
Chuckling, Dean reached for Cas' gun pulling it into his own arms. "Well it's a good thing I did, otherwise I might not be standing here."
It felt like he was covered in a thin layer of ice, easily shatterable.
Dean opened his eyes, twisting so that he could just make out the planes of Cas’ face. “What?”
* * *
The energy left Dean and suddenly he was sliding his back hitting against the front of the bed until his butt hit the floor. He almost yelped and had to pick up a piece of the green bottle and throw it on the pile in front of him. Turning over his hand he noticed something he didn't before, blood. His hand was bleeding. He must have cut it when he threw the bottle, odd he didn't remember his hand being cut.
His grace was
Dean rolled his eyes. "If you say so."
"Thanks."
"Thanks to my genius idea of not giving you destructive metal, we don't have to know for sure."
Dean snorted. “People like
Cas turned to Dean glare sharp.
"I mean I don't want him to be stuck like this when it's clearly hurting him," Dean tapped his fingers in a distorted rhythm along the side of his mug, releasing a soft sigh, "but I think we might just be okay this time. For now at least."
Dean almost laughs around the last few bites of his sandwich, "how do you think?"
The drive back to the bunker was long and quiet, only the bumps of the road and the rumbling of baby’s engine to keep them company. Dean kept finding himself turning to look at Cas’ profile and the strong set of his jaw.
to apologise. I’m sorry if I made you feel weak or…. unappreciated, that was never my intention. I…" Dean chuckled awkwardly, rubbing his hand along the hairs on the back of his neck. "I let my concern for you get in the way of my decision."
Once Cas' lips had ticked upwards ever so slightly, Dean sighed long and heavy as he slowly let the weight fall from his shoulders. "No it took time, that's all you can do sometimes. I get it might be hard. I can't imagine what this must be like for you."
Dean patted the space on the bed beside him. "Come here."
Dean turned the TV off. “So what did you think? I - ”
Cas stared at his hands, now back in his lap. “I also haven’t been the smartest regarding our relationship.”
"I do wish I had gotten to see them. I think it would be interesting to know how they really looked and compare it to how humans have recreated them."
Cas paused mid-shaky inhale to stare at Dean, with a furrowed brow and tilted head.
“We should head back. It’s getting late and you should get some rest.”
Cas turned his gaze back to the forest he'd wandered through. "Well I am still technically an angel, but it appears that physically I have lost my grace and have become the closest approximation to human that is possible for an angel."
Cas grunted, like a frustrated parent beginning to lose hope on their once distant dream of peace.
Dean jumped nearly swerving the car. He clutched a hand to his chest as he laughed. "Cas, I learned to drive in way worse conditions. Besides", Dean rubbed the dashboard, "If this little baby was gonna be what killed me she would have done it by now."
"Thanks Dean but that's not-"
Dean's eyes drifted downward, wondering if he’s allowed to kiss Cas now. He knew that despite his many years of existence, Cas has almost no experience with relationships.
slowly Cas opened one eye to see Dean's chest beneath him. He was laying half on top of Dean, head nuzzled against his chest. He went to move knowing that Dean was not a fan of unnecessary physical contact, but when he tried to use his arm propped on the bed to scoot backwards, Dean groaned like a frustratedly neady cat and dragged the arm against Cas' back pushing him against his chest.
"Come on, there we go. You're starting to get it."
," Sam drew out the word till it rested heavily in the air. Dean groaned loudly, "Cas was leaving your room?"
Pausing the movement of his mug to his lips, Cas looked up at Dean, eyebrows furrowed. "But you are already a role model."
Dean knew he was being ridiculous, delusional even but he couldn't stop himself. He grabbed Cas' shoulders shaking his frame hoping against reason and logical and the fates in the world that seemed to have chosen his life specifically to fuck with that they could let him have this, this one little thing. The universe demanded everything of him and he'd given it everything wether he wanted to or not, but he couldn't let the world have Cas. He wouldn't let the man in his arms become the broken shell of a vessel.
Cas smiled small and delicate and Dean thought about how maybe he should tell Cas if this is what being honest got him.
"Well I said I needed a big win, we got cas back that's a pretty damn big win."
Dean rolled his eyes. “Fine,” His word comes out muddle around the chip shoved hastily into his mouth.
Feeling eyes on him Cas looked up to see Dean looking at him expectantly. "Dean, shouldn't you be paying attention to the road?"
Pressing himself against Cas’ back, Dean wrapped his hands around him so that he could place his hands over Cas’. He lifted Cas’ hand, placing it where it belonged. “Okay. That's good," Dean whispered, retracting his arms from Cas, "stay exactly like that." Dean walked back apprehensively.
Cas raises his hand, between them leaving it hovering in the air, before dropping it lifelessly to his side.
Dean stared forward at the cracked tiles that ran along the bunker's kitchen walls, a small smile on his lips, "Good, I..." Dean's voice went quiet as he looked up at Sam with hopeful eyes twinged with the possibility of sadness. "I think he's getting better. I know he's not going to be like how he was before. It's a hard  transition, but he said he had fun and he knows when to eat and hopefully to take care of himself and all that necessary stuff."
“Oh I don’t - ”
"Serves you right."
* * *
"What am I supposed to be -"
Cas tilted his head, eyes narrowed. "I have, but I will still be here in the morning. And you need sleep."
Even in the dark Dean could tell Cas was squinting at him judgmentally. “That does not seem like healthy behaviour.”
“Dean” Cas cups Dean’s cheek, forcing him to look into his eyes, small pout to his lips, wide sad eyes and furrowed brows. “I know that Dean. I know that you struggle with your emotions, I’m not stupid. I’ve been here for years and I’ve watched you. You're wrong Dean about so much.”
"Sam, Dean!" He yelled, voice oddly gratey and panicked. At first he didn’t recognize it as its own, not until he felt the cold harsh air that fell from his lips and heard the echo whip through the air.
this, he needs to know that those words are
there is to being human. When times get tough and I begin to wonder why I try anymore, I think of the small things. The moments in between hunts. The prank wars with Sam. Watching the stars from the hood of baby. A good burger from a little dinner. Those are what really matter."
He turned starting at the small purple teddy bear, about the size of his forearm where he'd deposited it on his nightstand. He reached for it, dragging it tightly to his chest. Sighing, he began collecting his items, arranging them back into their home, before latching the box shut and sliding it squeakingly under the bed.
Cas you nearly took me out there. If there were bullets in there you could have killed me."
Sam gently placed his hand on Dean's shoulder. "Dean," his voice was soft and quiet like he's talking to an injured animal likely to dart away.
"So," Dean said, "why do you hold yourself to a higher standard? Sure you might not be good at being a human right now, but you've only been one for a week and I've had almost forty years of practice."
Dean rolled his eyes, but his tone maintained seriousness. "There's always been something larger happening." He shrugged. A slow sad defeated slump to his shoulders and a small sigh of exhaustion. "We've never really got many opportunities to just talk outside of all," Lifting his hand, Dean gestured vaguely, "this. There was always something else happening, all that saving the world nonsense."
Desperate, he opened his mouth to scream but no sound came out, only overwhelming emptiness and a rush of cold air.
He begged desperately. To who he isn’t sure. To Metatron? To the Winchesters? To himself? Something to stop the pain of his fall from grace.
Waving his hand dismissively, Dean placed the now full plate in front of Cas. "Now come on, try some of it tell me what you think, full brutal honesty, I can take it."
Scratching desperately at his back hoping to catch his wings, he felt only the lonely empty air. He let out an animalistic wail, as he fell forward palms scratching along the dirt.
Dean looked up at Sam, eyebrows raised skeptically. "Are you sure about that one? People have religious delusions all the time, doesn't make them supernatural. Besides, if none of the angels have their powers, why would they be telling people that they're angels."
Dean's face slackened, lips tightened, hands clenched. "What about purgatory?" He asked, voice disturbingly calm, like a robot delivering a diagnostic report.
Cas glared over the ridge of his cup, taking a long slow sip.
Dean knew he shouldn't be angry and he felt guilty for it, but he was at who he didn't know. Cas for being so god damn stupid, Lucifer, himself for letting this happen, for not keeping a better look out for Cas, for not being able to stop what happened or the world itself for being so unnecessarily cruel to him and everyone around him.
"Wait, are you going by yourself?"
Sam nodded. "Good, then I'm leaving."
Sam hits him in the arm and Dean is startled yet again. Dean is rarely startled easily, but his sharp hunter focus is gone and his head is spinning and there's still a part of him that's trying to figure out if he's dreaming. But none of his dreams ever feel this real or make him so ridiculously deliriously happy.
Using the palms of his hands Dean pushed himself of the bed, turning to face Cas. “Stand up.”
Cas doesn't seem offended, but rather amused by Dean's antics. "It did take us a long time to get here."
Dean groaned, pushing the book away from him, as he arched his back, sliding down his chair. "Why are we
"He was the best." Dean turned, fleeing the room before Jack could ask him more questions. It was good to talk about Cas to remember, but it hurt the empty reminder that was all he was now, a memory.
Cas rolled his eyes. "I was barely near you."
"Now we talk. Try to figure out if there's something that's stopping you from sleeping."
The case had ended less than an hour ago. Dean was currently bandaging his arm that had gotten a pretty bad scrape, it was his left arm just above where he used to have the red handprint tattoo. Not that he would ever admit it out loud but Dean missed it, the scar it was nice to have a reminder that no matter what there was still someone that cared about him, that thought he was worth saving. He wrapped the gauze tighter than he should have, needing a distraction from his thoughts. The hunt had just barely ended and he was already waiting for the next one.
Castiel avoided Dean for the entirety of the day. He used his angelic hearing to decipher which rooms Dean was in and made sure to flee those rooms before Dean arrived. When he would go to the kitchen, he found his dinner wrapped up for him, but he left it untouched. As much as he was beginning to enjoy food again, he didn’t actually needy it to survive, and refused to eat any of it. Castiel knew he was being juvenile and petty, but he did not care. He did not want to have to conversation with the Winchesters about his wings anyway, and now that he had had to, he was irate.
But then the sound of Dean’s humming filled his ears, snapping him away from his thoughts of Heaven. He didn’t turn to the hunter, but he did tilt his head slightly, listening to the sound. Dean’s humming was a little off, but it was still relaxing and pleasant, and Cas felt a smile tug at his lips. He was glad to be here with Dean, despite all of his concerns and worries.
, and he’s an
As they pulled into Quantico, the clock had just rolled over to 8:30pm. Dean had no trouble finding the Briar Cliff Inn while Sam snored in the passenger seat. He pulled Baby into the parking lot, admiring the hotel. It was clearly old, and was much larger than the cheap, run down hotels that he and Sam were used to staying in for hunts. But it only made sense to stay at the hotel that all the action was going down in.
This chapter is a lot longer than most of the others. I planned to break it up into two chapters, but most of the shippy stuff is in the second part of the chapter and didn't want you all to wait. Also, someone told me I should just do a long chapter instead of two chapters (hi, Emily).
And Cas was kissing him back with fervor, his arms wrapped around Dean's neck as Dean fingers got lost in Cas' hair. When Dean finally pulled back he grinned. "Say it again."
“I, uh… what? It’s not like that.” Dean insisted. “He’s my best friend. He works cases with me and Sammy. He’s not my boyfriend.”
“Have you even
Underneath the picture was a text from Sam that said
“You should bring the Winchester boy here sometime.” The angel smirked and raised an eyebrow.
to hear in case they needed to form another plan. His perfect posture slouched from his sudden worry. “I didn’t think about the possibility that Gabriel could be truly dead since we’ve been searching for him for so long. It felt like our only option.” He didn’t vocalize it, but if Gabriel was dead or if they were unable to find him, there only option was to open the cage if they needed an archangel. Despite the friendship that he and Ariel had formed, she would not support this decision. The only person that possibly would, would be Sam, if Sam was desperate enough when it came to saving Dean. Castiel knew that all that it would take to invoke that desperation would be to tell Sam about Dean’s latest ‘coping mechanism’, but it wasn’t Castiel’s place to tell Sam. A part of him was torn, feeling like Sam needed to know as Dean’s brother, but he was hoping they could find a solution before Dean ever felt the need to abuse Djinn magic again. Castiel had saved Dean from so many things before, and he wanted to save Dean from this too.
He guessed that someone, somewhere would probably tell him that the appropriate term for him would be bisexual. He let the label bounce around in his head for a bit and muttered it out loud to get a feel of how he felt about it. It wasn’t as scary as it could be. The term didn’t scare him, it was whether or not it would change things that was scary. But even as there was this huge part of him reminding him that he had only fucked women, he knew bisexuality fit him. Bisexual. Dudes and chicks. He could handle that. Maybe.
, how it had felt to mark a figurative claim on the man before.
“Wh-what are you doing?” Dean asked nervously, his adam’s apple bobbing around a rough swallow when Castiel started working on the buttons of his button up after stripping his tie off.
After about 1,200 miles and 19 hours on the road, Dean finally passed the “Welcome to North Carolina” sign, and he felt like he had never seen anything more beautiful in his life. Of course he had insisted that they not stop, and make the trip in one go. Despite switching off with Sam to drive on two separate occasions, Dean was still running on too few cups of coffee and fumes. He really wished Sam would have found this case before they had left from Virginia, so they wouldn't have driven all the way back to Lebanon.
“And the last thing we need is the cops showing up and asking questions while we’re trying to work a case.” Dean finished.
“Uh, listen, Seb…” He said hoarsely, pulling away from the other hunter’s insistent lips. Seb stopped, looking into Dean’s eyes. Dean swallowed harshly at the realization that their blue wasn’t the correct shade. They were not the blue eyes that felt like home. “I would be lying if I said I wasn’t having a great time. But, uh, we should… we should stop.” Seb immediately let go of Dean, causing him to sag against the wall slightly.
Cas was back to avoiding Dean’s eyes and staring at his beer. “Is that why you started using the app that Sam was referring to?”
“He is now. My grace cleared any traces of the magic from his blood. But I’m afraid if we don’t do something soon, he’ll turn to it again, or turn to something worse to keep the mark’s urges at bay. We must find Gabriel. Soon.” Castiel said, his urgency clear in his tone. They were running out of options and it wouldn’t be long before all they had left was chaining Dean up in the Men of Letters dungeon.
torture
Dean’s mouth went Sahara Desert dry at the thought of Cas in the same shower he used, naked and pliant, water slowly dripping down every inch of his body…he choked on his coffee and Sam and Cas both looked over at him. “Are you like, stressed or something?” Dean asked, trying to draw the attention away from himself as he finished off his coffee and took a seat in front of the angel.
The bottle of whiskey almost slipped through his fingers and he had to scramble to catch it. Sam stared at him for a very long time, and Dean’s heart thrummed in his chest painfully. He couldn’t read Sam’s expression at all, and that was fucking terrifying. “I mean-“
much nectar and hurt his plants. There was one in particular that kept flying around and landing on one of his gorgeous red dahlias, and in a fit of annoyance, he tried to bat it away. It immediately flew away from the flower, but not five seconds later, landed on his eyebrow. And then the fucker stung him.
“Sure do. Let me just make a quick call.” Dean fished his cell phone out his pocket and without two taps of his thumb, he held his phone to his ear. “Hey, Bobby. I know we’re technically closed right now, but do you think you could send someone out to pick up a car for me?” A pause. “What? God, no. You think I would let Baby breakdown? It’s for a buddy of mine.” Another pause. “Yeah, it’s in the parking lot of the Gas-N-Sip near my house-“ Dean was interrupted and frowned. “Cole? Hell no, don’t send him. I fucking hate that smug asshole. I know Garth has already gone home, but do you think you could come get it? It’s not far.” Whatever the man on the line, Bobby, was saying, caused Dean to blush and Cas smiled. “Uh, he’s not bad.” His eyes flickered to Cas and his face only turned redder. Interesting. “Yeah. Thanks, Bobby.” Dean hung up and smiled at Cas sheepishly. “My uncle Bobby owns and runs the place. Bobby Singer. He’s gonna come out and tow it up to the shop for you.”
Sam had his tablet in his hand, scrolling through articles he had saved to the device on the resort’s wifi before they left. “Every single boat disappeared from this marina.” He finally said, all business. “So-“
He really couldn’t complain. He missed sliding behind the wheel of his ‘67 Chevy Impala just to drive because he enjoyed it. For the past few weeks it has just been to and from work and that was it. He was sure his Baby missed the road just as much as he missed her, even if their destination was a grimey gas station.
Molly frowned at him deeply, sighing and understanding immediately where Sam was going. “Those suicides are so tragic, aren’t they? I’m glad y’all decided to stay here anyway. I think quite a few people were worried that the inn might be haunted after all that. It’s so tragic…” Her eyes were beginning to tear up, and Sam gave her his most empathetic look. “I found the bodies, you know.” She added, her voice barely above a whisper.
“It shouldn’t bother you. The parts of the bible referring to homosexuality being a sin were added by man. King James to be specific. They’re not the words of God.” Dean’s skin was crawling in discomfort. “God only focuses on consent and love.” Dean looked over, watching Cas’ full lips form the word ‘love’ and he shuddered. Dean turned on the radio, relieved to find Boston on the radio to drown out both Cas and his own thoughts.
Had he lost his goddamn mind? Things were finally back to normal between them, or whatever normal was for them. They finally trusted each other again. Cas hadn’t really made an official decision, but as of right now, he was
Sam walked over to a section of costumes and flipped through them with disinterest until he came across a clown. He flinched and immediately walked back over to where Dean and Cas were. Fuck that. He was steering clear of the Halloween section.
He and Dean had both seen her dead body. They had both been present when they gave her a hunter’s funeral. There was no coming back from that. It was impossible. Charlie had died, and it had been his fault. Charlie rolled her eyes at him. “Alright, stop giving me that look. Bring it in.”  She motioned for him to give her a hug.
They shared the next few minutes in silence, and Dean felt like it probably would have been awkward if Ross wouldn’t have been so relaxed and in his own little world. And that’s when it struck Dean… Ross was
The rest of the drive back to Kansas was mostly small talk that Dean was using to avoid conversations about the mark, or to keep his mouth from blurting out things that sounded a lot like flirting with Cas. They stopped at Taco Bell for dinner, which Cas didn’t like at all (Dean was a little heartbroken), and later stopped at a gas station to get gas. When Dean paid, he also grabbed Cas a pack of Skittles, figuring maybe he would like to try some candy. He couldn’t help but smile when the look on Cas’ face made it abundantly clear that he was forgiven for the Taco Bell.
“Oh?”
Sam grimaced. “It does. And you want to know what makes matters worse?”
“We can’t do this. Not like this.” The words cause Dean’s heart to sank because
“Make him a plate anyway. Oh, and add a little honey that his bees made. He’ll like that.” Sam stood up, closing his laptop and walking away without another word. He had woken up earlier and had already crammed an omelet in his face.
“I don’t want to ‘meet the neighbors.’” Dean spat. “I moved all the way out here to avoid people, not tell them my freak of a brother threw my keys in their yard.”
Dean had spent countless hours repeating Cas' speech, his declaration in his head. He was convinced that it was just Cas once again reiterating how Dean was his family. But then... then Dean remembered the part of what Cas said that changed
Dean opened his mouth to spill some cheesy one liner when Cas butted in and reminded Vera that they had some questions. Vera and Dean both gave him identical disapproving looks.
The Devil's Tramping Ground is a real place.
. He slid his arm off Dean’s lap and stretched before reaching for his cock, and Dean flinched so hard that he fell off the bed. What the hell was going on? Cas sat up, a grumpy expression on his face. He peered over the side of the bed at Dean, and Dean’s heart momentarily stopped and
Dean jolted awake to the sound of his cell phone ringing and groaned groggily before accepting the call and bringing it to his ear. “Hello?” He muttered gruffly, still rubbing the sleep from his eyes.
That night, Sam got ready for the bar, his plan completely thought out. He even went as far as to shave and dabble on cologne for the full affect. But when Dean knocked on his door and told him to hurry up, he hung back, telling Dean to hold on. He paced his room for a bit, just long enough to piss Dean off, then looked at himself in the mirror, trying to make himself look as sick as possible. He even held a hot, wet wash cloth to his face and let some of the water dribble down it like he was sweating. He almost laughed, thinking about the times he had done this as a kid so that he could stay home from school and he and Dean could just hangout. Dean never bought that he was actually sick, but convinced John to let him stay home anyway by promising that he would skip out on school to watch him.
“Uh, that’s cool.” He replied hoarsely, finally clearing this throat. He readjusted his position on the couch, causing their knees to bump. He avoided Cas’ eyes and played with a thread on his sweatpants that was forming a hole. “Listen, Cas. I need you to promise me something.” He finally made eye contact with Castiel, and the weight of importance in his eyes were all too clear. “You have to promise me that you’ll stop Sam if he tried to open the cage. We have to find another way. All the shit that we went through to lock Lucifer up…” Dean shook his head. “We can’t risk him getting out again. It’s not worth it. We’ll find another way to get rid of the mark. Promise me.” His green eyes were pleading with Castiel. A part of the angel wanted to argue with him, wanted to convince him that he was worth it, was worth
“Isn’t he, though?” Seb crooned, coming up behind the girl and dragging a hand through her hair affectionately. She cackled. Dean rolled his eyes. Yeah, the guy was hot, but he wasn’t that funny. And apparently, he was vampire. It didn’t even shock Dean anymore. He pulled at the rope around his wrists again but there was no give.
“What’s the worst that could have happened, Dean! He knows how you feel about him?”
“Well, my lunch break is almost over. I just wanted to check in. Got any plans for your Saturday?” More book shuffling could be heard on the other line.
“I don’t understand.” Cas growled indignantly. “Why are you putting this stuff on my eyes?” The look he was giving Dean was pitiful and Sam covered his giggle with a snort as he attached Thor’s cape to the rest of the costume.
. The night before I met Misha I was super upset and crying because I was so worried. What if I had put him up on a pedestal that he couldn't live up to? What if he wasn't anything like how I imagined him to be? I was super scared and psyching myself out... but it turns out that I didn't have to worry about any of that with him. I did the photo op, but it was too quick and loud to really explain that the op was coming out. All I know is that he didn't hesitate to grab the pride flag when I handed it to him. I wanted to puke after the op was over because I literally couldn't even remember if I was looking at Chris (the camera) or if I was too busy staring at Misha. What everyone says about him in person is completely true, if you think he's attractive on the show, he's a fucking work of art in person. Later on, Misha walked by on the way to the green room and I quickly explained to him that the op was coming out for me, and I felt better because I was able to explain that to him. Then, during autographs this man killed me. During my op I was wearing my hair down and I didn't have my glasses on because I was so afraid of a glare. By the time autographs rolled around, I had tossed my hair up and put my glasses back on. I've always heard that you have more time to talk to them during autos than ops and I had this whole speech planned out... honestly the moment I saw him, that all went out the window. I actually got to look at him for more than two seconds and was like "fuck, he's gorgeous" and couldn't remember what I planned to say. So his handler handed him the picture to sign and I just said "Hey, congratulations for being on the show for ten years!" And he looked up at me sweetly and said "Thank youuu!" And I added "You're my favorite part of the show." and he WINKED at me and at this point I was trying to walk away because that was IT for me and he adds "And congratulations to YOU for coming out. I'm proud of you." And at this point I'm about to cry so I just thanked him and walked away. I absolutely could not believe that he remembered me and said he was proud of me. He was just as sweet and amazing as I've worked him up to be in my head.
Turning to alcohol as a solution had disgusted Dean at first, and only reminded him of the man that John had often become. He would get drunk a couple of times a week, especially after a really lonely night, or a particularly gruesome hunt. But a couple of nights turned into almost every night. And it wasn’t drunk like before, now the women were pushing him away, usually making snide comments about how he was probably too wasted to even get it up. What they didn’t know was that he wasn’t too drunk to get it up, and a guy named Daniel proved that one night.
“Hey….I have a lead.”
Cas was staring at Dean. This wasn’t exactly a new development in their relationship, but the soft look in Cas’ eyes was driving Dean more than a little crazy.
“Yeah, Cas?” Dean croaked, having to drag his eyes away from Cas’ lips.
burying himself balls deep in some chick was the perfect balance he needed. But none of the girls were interested in a guy so shit faced that he was one sway away from falling off of his bar stool. That was when Daniel came into play. He had noticed the guy earlier. He had been sitting by himself in a corner, playing on his phone and babysitting a beer. But suddenly, he was sitting next to Dean at the bar. Dean smelled him before he saw him. Daniel was wearing some sort of expensive cologne, and Dean would be damned if he said it didn’t smell absolutely amazing. When the drunken hunter spun his bar stool to face him and ask about the cologne, Daniel had had to catch him because he nearly fell out of his seat. The man grinned as Dean apologized and introduced himself, revealing sparkling white teeth that stood out brilliantly against his tanned skin. His eyes were a deep amber, incredibly similar to the color of the drink in Dean’s glass. So what if Dean was so drunk he couldn’t help but notice the guy was pretty good looking?
Sam nodded in agreement, standing up as Dean stood up, and realizing how sad Cas looked. He bit his lip, deciding to just wing it. “Hey, Cas… if you’re not too busy with heaven, why don’t you help us with the case? I’m not exactly sure how much you can help, but I’m sure it would be a great distraction if you need one.” Castiel looked up at him with wide, blue eyes, and then looked over at Dean.
“Dean.” Cas laughed. “Relax. I’m fine now. I just needed to get away from my mom’s mother-henning. It wasn’t good for either of us. My father isn’t in the picture anymore, but he’s a writer. One of his books mentioned Lawrence, Kansas, and I read it when I was younger. So, on a whim, I moved here.”
Rowena immediately started complaining as Crowley’s goons began chaining her to the table and Crowley rolled his eyes. It was going to be a long day.
“Depends on what you’re looking to buy, buddy. And depends on if you’re a cop. Are you a cop?” Ross narrowed his eyes, looking Dean up and down.
And that was the moment that triggered the meltdown that had been boiling in Dean’s blood since he woke up handcuffed in the dungeon. He forcefully knocked the book off of the table in front of him, sending it flying across the library. He stood up so fast that his heavy chair fell to the ground with a crack, and he brought his boot down on it making the wood splinter. He picked up the nearest lamp and threw it as hard as he could, the glass exploding when it came in contact with one of the bookshelves. Dean stopped himself, his chest heaving in anger. The Mark was quietly mumbling but had little interest in Dean’s anger when there wasn’t another living being involved. Charlie was dead. He had almost killed Cas. He had almost killed Sam. Sam was probably one incident away from a stupid self-sacrificing decision pertaining to the Mark, and Cas was beginning to spend more time with angels that would probably convince him to return to Heaven. And it was all Dean’s fault.
“Come on…..come on….” Dean muttered under his breath as Sam fiddled with the lock.
Cas immediately shook his head, disagreeing. “You don’t sound pathetic. It’s a good thing you and your brother are so close, many siblings don’t have that. I get along with few of mine, and the ones that I do get along with, like Gabriel… it took years for us to end up on the same page.” Dean felt himself smiling despite himself. “I’m also sure you weren’t a burden on you brother, or his girlfriend.” Cas added. “You’ve brought them up quite a bit this afternoon. I’m sure they love you just as much as you love them.”
. Even once he crawled back on the couch, flipping his brother off, he was just mere inches from Castiel. He could feel the heat coming off the hunter’s body, and he wanted to lean into it even though his vessel didn’t require warmth. He was ‘snuggled up’ (Dean’s words, they made Sam laugh) in the hoodie that Dean had gifted him, and Dean kept shooting him soft looks, his eyes glancing down to the words on the hoodie before flickering back to Cas’ eyes with a smile. For whatever reason, Dean seemed to immensely enjoy the fact that Cas enjoyed the outerwear.
“You have jelly on your face.” Dean informed him, smirking. Castiel just stared at him blankly. Dean sighed. “Generally people wipe their face when they have something on it.” Cas wiped his mouth, but completely missing the jelly.
Dean shot her his best, most empathetic smile. “We just want to explore all of our options here. We don’t want to leave any stone left unturned.”
“He wasn’t bad.” Cas responded sincerely. “He just seems to like giving you a hard time. I have a feeling you probably deserve it.”
Dean made his way over to the bed, thanking whatever god would listen that his dick had finally calmed down. He dropped the medical supplies on the mattress and looked over Cas’ wings. “Where do I start?” He asked hoarsely.
looked at Dean like that, like he was something worth sticking around for. And Dean wasn’t even doing anything. He wasn’t offering to save the world again, he wasn’t ganking some monster, he wasn’t even taking care of anyone. All he was doing was playing a really shitty game of pool, and Cas was looking at him like there’s nowhere else he would rather be. It was unsettling. But then Dean realized something as Cas got two more stripes in.
having Dean curled up next to him like this. As if Dean could read his thoughts, he was scooting even closer, until finally he draped one of his legs around one of Cas’. Cas felt his face flush, and debated zapping into the chair on the other side of the room, but then Dean let out a content sigh in his sleep, and the angel didn’t have it in him to leave him.
key lime.” Cas just stared at Dean, patiently waiting as always. Dean rolled his eyes and stood up to grab two plates. He rummaged through the cabinets, but there was only one plate left and he cursed Sam for not washing his own. He knew it would only take a second to wash up another dish, but Castiel was looking at him expectantly with those
“Are you sure this is going to work with these candles?” Mia asked, brushing her long, curly, black ponytail over her shoulder before pulling her knees to her chest nervously. “I mean, Bath and Body Works candles? They’re not even the same scents. Who burns ‘Beautiful Day’ at the same time as ‘Marshmallow Pumpkin Latte’? It smells like my grandma’s house in here.”
“No… no you’re not. You can’t be.” Dean gulped. Castiel grabbed Dean’s shirt, bunching it up in his fists, and angrily jerking Dean towards him.
“I thought you said it all tastes like molecules.” Dean muttered hoarsely.
Ariel blushed a little but quickly composed herself. “You know that I’ve avoided our brothers and sisters since leaving Heaven. Even though I often prefer to be alone… it got lonely, quickly. I started spending more time with humans the longer I was on earth. Little things. Chatting with a cashier at a store. Asking a stranger in the park what they’re reading. Watching someone give their last dollar to someone else in need… and while I can’t quite see why Dean Winchester is so special, I can see where you would want to protect humanity. I’m invested in this now. So yes, ‘we’.”
Dean huffed out a laugh, always a little surprised at the things that came out of Cas’ mouth. He pulled out of the hug. “The panic attack. I don’t need him worrying. You know he worries about everything.”
Sam watched them interacting curiously, and was suddenly aware of how close they were sitting. Sam couldn’t see it, but he could tell their thighs were touching, and their faces were just a few inches apart. Sam furrowed his eyebrows, and tried not to laugh. No wonder people were getting the impression that Dean was gay.
Dean visibly relaxed over the discussion of the case. “So you’re saying we have a homophobic ghost on our hands?” Dean grabbed the menu off of the table, his eyes scanning for the greasiest and most fattening combo that the diner offered.
“Cas… it’s not your place to protect me…”
“So, if most angels have light colored wings, why are yours black?” He finally asked shyly.
“Hello, Dean.”
I may or may not have accidentally lied about replying to comments before getting another chapter out.... I'm sorry! I'm on a roll! But I
keeping his hands to himself.
him? Sam being away at Stanford was completely destroying Dean, Sam didn’t even seem to be bothered by the fact that he couldn’t even remember the last time they had spoken.
One of the only working lightbulbs in the room suddenly flickered and then exploded. Dean felt a whoosh of wind, and Cas appeared in front of him, Sam at his side. Sam stumbled a bit at the landing, but then immediately pulled out a knife and started cutting through the rope around Dean’s wrists. “Sammy! Great timing.” Dean said, his voice full of false bravado.
he had fallen into Seb’s trap so easily, he pulled at his cuffs again. “Do you think you could let me out of these?” Castiel narrowed his eyes at Dean but must have realized that he could be trusted, the Mark’s effects had passed for now. The angel pressed his palm against the cuffs and the sigils lit up light blue before the cuffs unclicked. “Wow didn’t even need the key, huh?” Dean asked trying to lighten the mood. He knew there was a meltdown boiling under the surface. He knew he was one wrong word away from flipping the fuck out because
“Jesus, that’s enough about me.” Dean mumbled shyly, realizing how much he had been talking about himself as he reached for another slice of pizza. “What about you, Cas? What brings you to Lawrence?”
Cas looked at him sadly, his eyes swimming with questions about what could make Dean have a sudden panic attack. Dean knew he wouldn’t pry but so much, he had seen the years of Dean shut down any conversation he didn’t want to have. “Are you okay?” He was in Dean’s space again, always too close but never close enough.
Sam thought about continuing to tease Dean, but he noticed his brother’s face was contorted in anger and decided against it. Sometimes Dean Winchester couldn’t take a joke. Sam decided it was better just to change the subject. “Please tell me you’re cooking something good tonight. I’m starving.”
“Yes.” Cas responded honestly. He looked down at Dean. “I am very tired now.”
“Why didn’t they just leave the hotel?” Cas asked.
Then Dean’s uncle Bobby lost his wife to cancer when Dean was thirteen. Even though Bobby was nothing like John, Dean was terrified that he would end up like him, not being able to live a single moment without reminding himself and everyone else around him that he lost the love of his life. Dean didn't want to see Bobby rely on the feeling that he chased at the bottom of a bottle. Instead, Dean didn’t see Bobby for three months straight. When Bobby finally came around again, he looked hollow. He smiled at Dean just like he always had, but it never quite met his eyes. When Bobby would reach for something, his hands would shake so hard that Dean could see that there was something inside him that would never be the same. That's when Dean started to give up on the idea of falling in love. Somehow, Bobby trying to pretend that he was okay was even scarier than what happened to John.
Dean was so fucking stupid. This was such a bad idea. Cas was half fucking naked, leaned into his side, with his wing stretched out in front of Dean, practically in his lap. The angle couldn’t exactly be comfortable, and yet Cas was making these happy little noises in the back of his throat and half the time the noises were going straight to Dean’s dick. The other half, they were causing a warm, fluttering feeling in Dean’s chest that he hated just as much. This was such a bad idea. What if this was like the angel equivalent of holding hands? Or even worse, what if this was like the angel equivalent of a handjob? Which Dean didn’t exactly mind…in theory. Sure, he had fantasies about Cas that were fit to send him back to Hell. And yeah, despite the rules he set for himself, sometimes he caved and jerked it to thoughts of Cas, thoughts of
Dean swallowed hard because holy shit, he didn’t think he would ever be able to get used to the fact that Cas just
“Yes, I do. You remind me at least twice a week. I was trying to be encouraging or whatever. I can take it back if you want me to.” Dean sat up in bed, grimacing at the twinge in his back from the movement.
The backyard of his new house was what reeled him in. There was a big, open space not far from a gorgeous, old willow tree and small pond that would be absolutely perfect for his garden, and maybe if he wouldn’t have fixated on the yard so much, he would have noticed what a fixer upper the house actually was, but he didn’t care. So, while he finally had some time, he stuffed a BLT in his mouth and grabbed his gardening tools with zero shame.
Right as Dean was about to steer his shopping cart over to the checkout line, a little rack of clothing next to where he picked up Cas’ gift caught his eye. He smiled at the hoodie hanging up. It was the only one and it just so happened to be Cas’ size.
“But that doesn’t stop a phone from being able to be tracked.”
Dean decided not to tease him about skipping out on his morning jog. “I’m making eggs, bacon, toast, and hashbrowns.”
If only he was good enough to deserve Cas.
But here he was. Giving Baby a once over, once again because for some reason evil had decided to take a break. He noticed a little smudge that he had missed on the Impala's grill, and dipped the sponge in the sudsy bucket to try and scrub it off. He sighed, wiping away the last of it. Dean had half a mind to take Baby down a dusty road just to have an excuse to have something else to clean… but he couldn’t do that to her. He took the hose and washed away the bubbles, quickly towel drying the small area to avoid streaks. He circled the Impala one last time before nodding to himself, rolling up her windows, and heading back inside the bunker to find something else to do.
Charlie Bradbury grinned up at him, her eyes soft. “What’s up, Muggle?”
“Where are you going?” Bobby demanded, unable to mask the worry in his voice.
Dean had never shot up in bed so fast in his life. “WHAT THE FUCK, CAS.” The abrupt movement was something Dean’s sleepy brain couldn’t quite process, and he fell out of bed with a loud thud.
As Dean worked over the feathers, Cas went on a detailed rant about what each part of his wings were called, and what each group of feathers was called. Dean was shocked by how interesting his found the information, about how he could see the differences in the groupings based on the sizes, and sometimes even texture of the feathers. More feathers were beginning to come out from the back of the wings where Cas couldn’t reach, and Dean winced every time one came out between his fingers even though Cas assured him that it didn’t hurt.
Dean shrugged, his hand immediately going to cover the mark of Cain on his arm self-consciously. “I have trouble sleeping sometimes.”
Jack cleared his throat. "I'll leave you two alone." He looked down, thinking for a moment. "I know I said I wanted to be hands off, Dean. But you, Sam, Castiel.. you deserve to be happy." He raised his hand in his signature awkward wave and vanished.
Sam leaned against the counter, trying to clear his head since he couldn’t sleep but he was so tired his thoughts were fuzzy. He decided to go back to his room, bringing his glass and the pitcher of water with him. On the way back to his room, he passed the library and froze, thinking about Dean’s New Year’s resolution list. Sam bit his lip, thinking. He had been beyond curious about what the last thing Dean had written was, and now he had the opportunity to see it if he really wanted to. The thought made Sam feel guilty because one of his own resolutions involved him being more honest. But this wasn’t exactly
“Please, man. You know I wouldn’t turn to you unless I had to.”
“It’s a book on angels…” Cas said softly, stroking a hand down the ancient looking cover.
“No. That’s impossible.” Dean said, trying and failing to keep his voice from shaking. “You died.
Dean really, truly, wondered how it was possible for someone as deeply intelligent and gifted in magic to be as stupid as Cuthbert Sinclair in the moment that he turned his back to the Winchesters. With a lot of effort, Dean ripped the angel blade from his shoulder and shoved it right between Magnus’ shoulders. Magnus stumbled forward, using the bars of the cage to brace himself as he lost his balance while trying to reach for the blade. Cas’ hand immediately reached between the bars, his hand pressing to Magnus’ forehead to smite him.
Dean wasn’t so lucky the next time around. It wasn’t even an hour later when Sam entered his room unceremoniously without even knocking. “Get up and get dressed.” His nose scrunched up in disgust. “Actually, take a shower before you get dressed.”
“I didn’t
Dean furrowed his eyebrows in annoyance and was about to tell Sam how stupid he was, but Cas walked into the kitchen and Dean welcomed the distraction. “Morning, sunshine.” Dean said cheerfully, laughing at the grumpy expression on the angel’s face at the pet name.
Dean froze but tried to play it off. Not only was he overthinking the stupid fucking forehead kiss, but he had been so distracted by it that he had completely forgotten to beg Cas not to tell Sam about the Djinn juice. He was pretty sure Cas wouldn’t. Cas and Sam were close, but he and Cas shared that profound bond or whatever that made Cas more likely to side with Dean. Even though he knew Cas wouldn’t tell Sam unless he felt like he absolutely had to, Dean was still on edge. “Uh, I’m not sure. Angel business is all I know.” He strummed his fingers against the steering wheel nervously. Dean was terrified. What was Cas willing to sacrifice to get rid of the mark? He had already lied, already worked with a witch reading
Dean was more than a little offended. “Chill, Cas. I found it in the hallway near your room.” Castiel relaxed marginally, and unceremoniously crammed the feather in his trench coat pocket. Dean leaned against the library table for a second before just deciding to haul himself up on it, his bare feet dangling. “Is that…is that feather yours?” He asked, playing coy.
Cas started talking to Sam about how he was hoping the weather warmed up early so that he could get a head start on his beekeeping the moment he sat down. He was talking about potential bee names. Sam was only half paying attention. He was trying. He really was… but he wasn’t Dean, and he didn’t hang onto Cas’ every word.
“You know, that’s one of the most pleasant sounds to me. Your laugh.” Castiel observed Dean as he said this, tilting his head slightly. Dean felt his smile drop and his face grow a little hot. He had never received a compliment like that. Even if it did come from a weirdo in a trench coat.
“Okay, Shakespeare. You just focus on fixing Sammy up.”
Castiel knew he was too early for his meeting with Ariel, but he was too anxious to be bothered by it as he entered the café. He had
“Then why do you watch it?” Cas asks, taking the bait as if Dean Winchester would ever have to bait him when it came to learning more about the hunter.
And things really did start out perfect.
Cas slowly worked Dean open, his breath hitching at the touch of the cool lube. Dean was struggling to decide between grinding down on Cas’ fingers, or pushing up into his mouth. He was back to clinging onto Cas’ hair for dear life, not to direct his mouth, but to have something to hold on to. His thighs were already shaking, small, pleasured noises escaping his lips as Cas worked his fingers inside him and swallowed around his length. “C’mere.” He grunted, pulling Cas’ hair to encourage him upward. Cas’ mouth slid off of his cock slowly, and he awkwardly climbed his way up Dean’s body to bring their lips together. Dean moaned against his lips as Cas continued to pump his fingers in and out of him, curling them at just the right moment to send waves of pleasure through his body. “I’m ready.” He breathed.
“What the hell, Cas!”
“Do we really have time to stop?” Dean asked, narrowing his eyes in annoyance at Sam despite his growling stomach.
As Dean walked past a pretty brunette, he grinned at her and looked over his shoulder, his gaze following the bounce of her ass.
Cas’ voice was rough from disuse. “Magnus should have the key. He always made the demons give it back to him as soon as they were done with the lock.”
“I suppose so. I presume you worked today? You must be tired. Your job is more labor intensive than mine.” Cas said.
They made their way to the library, so they could use the table to have a solid writing surface. They all sat down in the seats they normally chose, Castiel and Dean next to each other with Sam across from them. Sam took his sheet of paper and wrote his name neatly in the righthand corner, and Cas smiled when Dean noticed it and rolled his eyes dramatically. Dean grabbed his own sheet of paper and a pen, and squinted at the blank sheet, placing the top of the pen between his teeth. Castiel swallowed harshly after seeing Dean wrap his lips around the pen and chose his own blank page and writing utensil.
“Sorry. I’m just hungry. And tired. And I can’t help but think we’re going into this case a little blind. Maybe it is suicides. It’s not uncommon for people to kill themselves in popular hotels. I mean have you heard of the Cecil hotel-” Sam folded the map and tossed it up on the dash of the Impala.
“Dean? Are you okay?” Cas suddenly asked, concerned.
“This isn’t about hunting-“
“What. The.
They passed the
"Charlie, Charlie, are you there?" was a real internet challenge a couple of years ago and it's a game that's been around forever. It's basically a two second Ouija board, and seems like something that would be in the first five minutes of a Supernatural episode.... and thus this chapter was born.
When Sam awoke, he immediately sat up, grabbing his head in pain. “Ughhhh. What the hell happened?” He mumbled.
Sam was trying to research abandoned buildings in the area while they all sat at a diner. Dean was grumbling and disappointed in the quality of his BLT club, and Cas was watching him with a fond expression that made his skin crawl.
that I was in distress. Then he like touched my head and read my thoughts? I guess he was trying to see why it was such a big deal to me. He ended up leaving my Heaven shortly after.” She grinned sheepishly. “Apparently I was so distraught that I was bordering returning as a restless spirit or something. I made little breakthroughs with those college girls, and when Emma asked what lipstick she should wear. She looks
“A what?” Sam asked in confusion, definitely not expecting Cas to bring up the case, but a little relieved. They weren’t getting anywhere, and Dean certainly wasn’t helping.
“What happened? Where’s Dean?”
Cas immediately stood up. “We need to find a boat. Now.”
“Yeah, well, I’m pretty fond of your vessel too.” The words came out of Dean’s mouth before he could even process them, and Cas eyed him curiously. He felt the heat of blush all the way up to his ears. “I just mean, you’ve looked like this for years. It would be kinda weird seeing you look like anything else.”
A familiar, too loud laugh jarred Dean from his fantasies of college right as he was passing a building that he was assuming was the cafeteria. He looked to his left. A couple of yards away was a sitting area with a smoker’s section, some benches, a fountain, and an obnoxious amount of shrubbery (Really? Who would spend so much time and money on bushes?), but beyond that was a building that was clearly a library. Dean froze. The laugh had been Sam’s, and he was coming out of the library, holding the door open for a cute blonde. Her curls bounced as she laughed along with Sam, looking at him like he was an absolute ray of sunshine. Dean didn’t know it at the time, but it was Jess. Dean’s eyes flew back to Sam, debating on whether or not he should hide. But Sam only had eyes for Jess, and he wasn’t going to be looking over in Dean’s direction any time soon. Dean breathed a sigh of relief, watching his brother. Sam was okay, and that’s all that mattered. But the longer Dean observed Sam, the stranger he began to feel, until finally it felt like someone had stabbed him in the gut, and had no shame in turning the knife.
marathon, Dean was so full of pizza rolls that he could barely move, but cracked open his pie anyway. There was probably something to be said about a twenty-six year old man spending his Saturday night alone gorging himself on processed food while he pined after a TV doctor (and maybe a gas station employee), but Dean didn’t care. Just like he didn’t care that the pie needed more cinnamon and had the consistency of goo more than actual pie. He was full and happy and couldn’t wipe the smile off of his face every time his mind wandered to blue eyes.
Dean grinned. “Yeah, it was. But I don’t have to be a new person until that clock strikes twelve, Sammy.”
After a short, awkward moment, he spoke again, staring at his beer and not meeting Dean’s eyes. “I spent a very long time making sure every freckle was in the right place. When I remade your body after rescuing you from perdition, I wanted it to be perfect. I wanted everything to be exactly the way it was, if not, better. I thought the hardest thing to create would be a perfect liver after all of the damage you had done to yours after years of inebriation. But it was your freckles that were the most difficult. I… if I would have known that you didn’t like them, I would not have remade them. I am sorry, Dean.”
Thinking about Cas in general made it so that Dean couldn’t breathe.
Sam picked up his hammer, ready to get this case over with so he could change back into his normal clothes. He knew he was being stubborn and that this was going to be more fun than most cases were, but he was getting antsy about wanting to speak to Dean alone and find out more about how Cas felt. Cas stood up and his eyes scanned over Dean. “I still don’t get any of this.” He said.
it. He loved it way too much. He put the kit away carefully, having a hard time focusing on the task, his hand-eye coordination completely wrecked by the blurred vision and high he was feeling. He didn’t bother stripping off his clothes before sinking into his memory foam mattress, frustrated that there was still a small voice in the back of his head commenting on how he wished Cas was lying down with him. He was asleep within a matter of minutes and was too high to even wonder if he had taken too much to wake up, if he had taken enough to overdose.
“Family.” Dean corrected, pocketing his phone after sending a quick text so that Seb would have his number too. He stood there awkwardly, forcing himself to hold eye contact when he really just wanted to haul ass out of the bar.
The angel approached the mirror in his room. Despite the decades of collected dust, he could still see through to the mirror relatively easily. Time had left it slightly discolored but he could still see himself clearly. He had not taken his wings out since Dean had preened them, and it was long overdue that he check and make sure all the feathers were growing in correctly. He was still embarrassed that he had needed help in the first place, but what he hadn’t told Dean was that his grace was beginning to dwindle in comparison to what it once was. It had been too long since he had returned to Heaven, and it was draining faster with his feathers growing in since the fall. Castiel would need to return to Heaven soon and it caused an uneasy feeling to settle in his gut. He pushed it from his thoughts to focus on his wings. He should have brought them out long before now, but he always felt his face heat up in a blush whenever he thought about them and Dean’s fingers carding through them. Castiel scowled at himself in the mirror. He remembered a time in which he had better control of his human body’s reactions, and him
Dean smirked. “Or something.”
“It’s not an unpleasant smell.” Cas shook his head. “You always smell incredible.” He added honestly.
Noah stayed out of their way while they investigated the hotel room. EMF suggested that they were definitely dealing with a ghost, and Cas confirmed that he could tell it was a spirit as well. Sam knew that a hotel being haunted wasn’t abnormal. More hotels were haunted than most people realized, and they were always a pain in the ass compared to home hauntings. It was always harder to find what was tethering the spirit to earth, and what needed to be done to get rid of it. The haunting at Briar Cliff Inn a couple of months ago had been a close call. Sam asked Noah some more questions, but he didn’t seem to have any answers and suggested that he could call the girls to see if they were willing to come back up to their hotel room.
Dean flopped down in his own chair unceremoniously, and immediately reached for his sandwich with one hand and his phone with the other. “What, you gonna name every bee?” He asked sarcastically through a mouthful, his eyes glued to his phone.
Cas huffed a sigh. “I suppose I can allow you to teach me to ‘properly’ use a gun of a different variety before we leave.”
Sam cleared his throat, interrupting the staring contest between his brother and the angel. Dean smirked and blinked. “Right. Well, what do you know about this ghost, Cas?” He said, yawning, just glad for a case. Sam may not want to accept it, but they weren't making any progress towards removing the mark despite how many of the bunker's books they read over and over.
